cc46b4767b694fe4700633357ede202c
getting ready to cruise next week!!
still getting ready for the cruise!
having <propfemale> help with facebook
"back from the cruise, looking forward to vegas in 3 weeks!"
trying to talk <propfemale> into going to dollywood today 
"took <propfemale> to the orthopedist today, her foot is \crushed\"" in addition to the broken big toe   he put it in a cast and put her on bedrest for at least a week  i'm glad to finally know what is causing so much pain """
"<propfemale> is back in school after missing 3 weeks on her gimpy foot    cast is off and everything!  i never thought i would survive it, but i did!  i do miss her company, though"
camping in <propfemale> valley    awesome!!
"i am so angry!  some a-hole tourist in the national park lured a bear cub close to him so that he could take a photo of it    cub got scared and bit him (very minor bite)     now they are going to euthanize a 60 lb cubby    i wish i  could find the tourist, i would give him a bite to remember!  why can't we treat our animals properly?"
getting ready to go camping for a few days in nc      love it!
ahhh     camping by the river reading a funny book    great day!
"camping in the rain, getting ready to nap with luc e  furr   "
in atlanta for fathers  day  with daddy
"back from atl visiting my 90 yr old father   getting old can really, really suck "
being crazy is harder than it looks 
teenage boys and teenage girls belong on different planets until they are smarter 
"camping with the dogs at a campground just for dogs   tons of stuff to do,agility, swimming, other dogs to play with    what are my dogs doing?  why, they are sleeping in the  air conditioned camper!!  this is their first and last camping trip!!"
so over the dog days of summer    c'mon fall!
in response to christina      me too!!!    and get your dl!!
"non pet owners who visit and like to complain about my pets: 1) they live \here you don't  2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay \off the furniture that's why they call it 'fur'niture  3) i like my pets\a lot better than i like most people  4) to you, they are animals  to \      me, they are my babies who are short, hairy, walk on all fours and don't\complain!"
is it necessary for one to be a sadist ini order to be a physician?
"back from vacation in fl, camping in nc and my father's funeral in atl over the past weekend   c4 back in school for her jr year in hs    have decided to move back to atl after she graduates     i miss home "
"<propfemale> is on the mend and back in school!  now if my pneumonia + will clear up things will get back to normal, whatever that is!"
zenyatta  sad 
"fantastic date with my husband today   tn game, (they won!) followed by christmas shopping at mast general, and dinner @the melting pot   really a fun, fun day!"
roll f'ing tide!!  my eldest son gave me 'bama and 7     i am counting his money already!
dammit bama!  don't give this one away!
shit!!!!!!!!
my man mcelroy is officially on queer street    has no idea who or where he is    can you say concussion?
"<propfemale> is back in a cast    orthopedist thinks he's solved the mystery!  a month in a cast, then physical therapy   finally there is hope for a resolution!"
"wishing your mother happy birthday on facebook is very nice, but it does not take the place of a phone call     this is directed to the two of my sons who have not yet called   there is still time to redeem yourselves!"
"thanks so much for the warm birthday greetings, everyone   you all really made me feel special!  it was a great day   54 is off to a good start!"
fresh batch of black and white cookies!  come and get 'em before <propfemale> and <propmale> eat all of them!
"surprise snow storm, delightful surprise!"
"ahhh    yet another snow day for sevier county schools   fire in hearth, soup in crock pot, loaf of bread in oven, hot cocoa simmering on the stove    the only missing element?  why snow, of course!"
"cornmeal pancakes with <propfemale> pecan butter, pretty yummy!"
warm banana bread spread with plugra     orange cardomom cookies with citrus frosting in the making    
"i see atl is in for a <propmale> ice storm this week    <propmale> and <propfirst>, get your provisions and be prepared to hunker down!"
war  damn eagle!!!!!!!!
cupcakes!!!  chocolate   should i frost with vanilla or chocolate buttercream?
who's up for chocolate cream pie?  the custard was so good i hated to add the chocolate!
"little fockers    stupidest movie ever, and not in a good way   "
"little fockers    stupidest movie ever, and not in a good way   "
savory ham and cheddar scones for brunch before church!  get 'em while they're warm!
"off to atl today to visit my kids and impose my thoughts and opinions on them!  batten the hatches,  boys!"
but i come bearing treats!
"    home again, home again, jiggety jig     thanks so much, my sons, for a really fun weekend!"
"this is why i moved to east tn    let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!!"
chocolate chocolate chip cupcakes with chocolate buttercream frosting    it must be friday!
"ok y'all    dinner is ready   beef barley soup, really good dense crusty bread and white cake with chocolate frosting for dessert    there is plenty, <propfemale> opted to go out for a burger   gotta love teenagers, don't cha?"
oral surgery blows     
"ok, gaydosiks, what do we know about our little <propfemale> boy, ej?  is he doing ok?"
"is it strange to anyone that my dogs all have health insurance, but some of my children don't?"
"hmmmmmm      roses, <propmale> mountain chocolate factory <propfemale>, bath goodies, perfect dinner at our favorite restaurant     we might just make it after all!!!!"
"home again, home again, jiggety jig     thanks for a fun time, <propfemale>!"
"ok, so my pathfinder is in the body shop because some dork backed into me    my rental is a brand new e playful lorer with every option imaginable     i am in love!  anybody need a ride????"
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping!"
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising   "
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising in wine     "
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising in red wine     "
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising in red wine and the dogs are napping in the sun     "
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising in red wine reduction and the dogs and the daughter are napping in the sun     "
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and williams-sonoma croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising in red wine reduction and the dogs and the daughter are napping in the sun     "
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and williams-sonoma croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising in red wine reduction and the dogs and the daughter are napping in the sun     see ya at supper!"
"ok y'all, time for brunch!  applewood smoked bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese grits and williams-sonoma croissants     thanks to <propfemale> gaydosik for the awesome croissants!!!!!  now let's go car shopping while the short ribs are braising in red wine reduction and the dogs and the daughter are napping in the sun     see ya at supper!"
sorry for the multi-posts   internet was down for awhile
sorry for the multi-posts   internet was down for awhile
downloading a couple of books to my ipad before cruising to vegas in first class early tomorrow morning    gotta love that platinum medallion-flying husband of mine!
4 smile 5 am    leavin' for the airport!
cosmopolitan hotel in vegas is breathtaking!  off to the mgm to watch my lucky brothers win big!
wakin' up in vegas!!!
finally home after an une playful ected overnight in atl due to mechanical problem with plane on home leg of trip    had a blast with my precious brothers and their lovlies!
"rain, rain   go away!"
"really, is there anything more fun than shopping a sale at one's favorite store online? i don't think there is!"
betrayal sucks
"making a mir poux, on the way to braised short ribs, creme fraiche mashed potatoes and homemade baguette for sunday dinner before <propfirst> hits the road tomorrow "
"say it ain't so, hgtv     i really didn't win the dream home?  i entered every day, twice   how could this be?"
it's a dark day in the <propmale> household   the de-balling of our beloved <propmale>   
"jakey update    surgery complete, doing fine, but will he ever forgive me?  i feellike such a traitor!"
"jakey back to being himself this morning, dandy awoke with a softball sized lump on his neck   he is spending today in surgery     thank goodness for vpi pet insurance!"
root canals make me sad  sad 
