059ec79d7008af7c80b4ec487de933cb
"is sayin, alright! this is it! im about to be offically moved so tonite is the last night ill be online till the 17th when the internet comes on  so if u dont talk to me now, u better inbox me for my number  peace ppls!"
"has the internetz back, yayz!!!!!"
is thinking
"you make me smile like the sun fall out of bed, sing like bird dizzy in my head, spin like a record crazy on a sunday night you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of you can drive me wild ohh, you make me smile    still thinkin"
red silk with black lace trim
is tired but lookin forward to 2moro  still upset about how 2day went but w e  so i guess ill be up for a lil bit then got to sleep
"just had an epiphany  i have made up my mind, nov 1, 2010, i will be cosplaying as bayonetta at youmacon  joyful "
wants to see daybreakers
"getting ready to cut ppl i dont need in my life out  if we dont talk, we dont <propfemale>, if i barely knw u, if ive never done anything for u and visa versa, dont be surprised if u dont see me as a friend anymore "
"if u got a problem with me, you handle it  dont send one of ur flunkys to do i or u  u got beef? fuckn deal with it  step up bout yo shit or get yo ass beat  u wanna be a bad bitch about it? then by all means deal with it  i wish somone would copy this and get that shit back to her  i wish someone would  im so fuckin sick of hs drama idk what the fuck to do  practice safe sex and go fuck urself    "
"ok  so i over reacted  good point  i let some high schoolers get to me  so, ill be the bigger man and say sorry  idc who accepts it or not and for what  im said it  im done  lmao, moving on  workin on these trophies for bayonetta is hard as hell -_-  its gonna be a long night lol aint that right <propfirst> foote?"
oh shit the auto show started 2day!!!!
is trophy hunting  joyful 
hates borderlands -_-
"uhg, its good to be home"
"just had it pointed out that ohayocon is a week away  wow, well, gotta start gettin my stuff together  tyranno retrokiid trace, christian okoye carlisle and <propfirst> foote, u guys ready? lol cuz i am"
"is saying, guess what? my thursday night fix is back!!! so u better hit me up b4 8pm cuz after that till 10pm i aint talkin to nobody! well, with a few exceptions lol"
"oh vampire diaries and supernatural how i missed thee  and now, time for some fat <propfemale>  yes   eat the cake bitch, eat the cake! the cake is not a lie!  joyful "
"has been neglecting he comp for a while so im on now just surfin lol  so im just sittin here reading ohayocons forums and checkin the schedule  christian okoye carlisle, <propfirst> foote  and syncro retrokiid trace, looks like theres gonna be another ball lol"
"boutto download a lil music, then pack some more and play uncharted  yea, that sounds good lol  only 2 days left! im so excited  joyful "
jst got to hold lil 11 day old <propfemale> <propfemale>! shes so cute  joyful 
is watching teen titans  joyful 
is smh  man black ppl aint never on time for anything  aint that right tyranno retrokiid trace?
so the countdown begins! im finishing my last <propfemale> packing and is soooooo ready for ohio! ohayocon here i come!  joyful 
"finally got syncro retrokiid trace ps3 to work    yea, u suck lol  played some awesomeness that is gh5 and rb2 and now im sittin here watchin him and mcarthur posey play tekken 6  meh  it still sucks in my opinion lol but its all good  btw, she'lon hill, i want my cheesy bread! lmmfao!"
"seriously? smh, i dont need this right now   "
must aquire cod: mw2   
is mad and sad and just all kindas of upset  smh  this day is just not going well at all  sigh  i need a hug or something  crying 
lookin forward to 2moro and sunday
"is sayin, hmmm, *sniff* *sniff*, i smell new toys coming soon  can u say tax refund?  smile "
is in desperate need of a smile    not doin so well
is chill    and hungry lol
"bad day  just, ugh a bad day  no talk  no txt  no nun  or u will be cussed out  fair warning"
buttered toast!!!
"is handleing business  gettin stuff done  sigh, thnx god *whew*"
omg wtf is my roommate playin that song?!?!?!? of all songs why that? sigh   glad the summer is over
sittin here testin out my new speakers  joyful  these things are amazing! lol  kinda bored 2day  dont have nothing to do  i kinda wanna go to the mall or something  also wants needs some new belly rings since someone broke 2 of them -_-  thats y i dont play fight with ppl man  other than that kinda waitin for the weekend to start already  still waiting   
"is so mad  i hate state of michigan  those ppl dont give a damn about the rest of us  sigh, government makes my head hurt  i guess ill go take a nap or kill some ppl on gta -_-"
"omg, i just saw something that made my day  a group called no reply to my txt but u can update ur facebook status? wow  just wow  i knw several ppl this applies to  smh  anyway, bout to hit up some gears then mass effect later "
bouts to play l4d2  joyful 
"so like, i wanna <propfemale> sat  whos down?"
thinkin of gettin my lip peirced    seriously
yes!!!! no work today!!!!!!  joyful !!! can u say mall shoppin? lol
who remembers moodys point?
needs to e playful and my blu <propfirst> collection  ideas?
"ok  u have my attention, now can u keep it? i wonder if ur as perceptive as i think u r  if so, then u just intreg me even further"
momentai
lmao omg 'taurus baebee is killin me tonite  bitch real g's move silent like lasagna!
momentai
"so, is the serial rapist still loose?  annoyed "
thinkin of takin snowboardin lessons  whos with me?  smile 
dude this extreme couponing is crazy  watchin my strange addiction now  smh @_@
"rock band 3, ps3, animeonnaotaku  now  since ppl online r douches >_>     "
so bored     cant    fo   cus     uhg =_=
dude wtf is wrong with ppl online on rb3?
"smh, tired of crazy bitches"
"173 2 bf, 29  joyful "
"so, idk whats goin on 2moro  i thought me and some friends were goin to the auto show when i got off work but apparently 1 of 2 rides hasnt returned any of my messages and 2 of 2 rides isnt sure if he'll have one  sigh -_-''"
"wooooow  weirdest  dream  ever  how do u have a plot twist in a dream? o o strange thing is, i liked it  i need a cold shower -_-\"",2011-01-22 21 surprise 4:44""",059ec79d7008af7c80b4ec487de933cb,is goin in the corner and sulk  im done planning things   
"for ppl who still talk to her, <propfemale> added me on psn, should i accept?"
loves readin stories and feelin embarrased for the characters so i stop readin lol
"so, u knw how they say a good nights sleep fixes everything? well, a horrible nights sleep fucks things up  so u can be, say, do what the fuck u want, i dont care  and for u to be irate is childish and wrong, more so to that specific person  so, with that said, my dormant obsession with hellsing is resurfacing with a vengeance, so im off to bury myself knee deep in the best vampire anime ever"
feels really sick   maybe cuz i been awake for 72 hrs and havent eaten since 48    
100% b-)
hates being lost or being somewhere ive never been before
"sorry to anyone thats been tryin to txt or call me, no signal at wsu > >"
"ok, i, 100% like twilight  i have admitted this since the very beginning  i also admit that they r really crappy as far as vamps r concerned  but anyone, anyone who can sit, watch, and like vampire diaries, yet bash twilight in the same statement should be shot, stabbed, beaten, dragged into the street, run over, set on fire and spit upon  cuz clearly ur lyin to urself when clearly that shit is 10x worse  just sayin"
"sigh, class in less than 2 weeks   and work  somethings gonna give, cant do this distance thing    anyway, on my way to work, might try and see if i can get some games in today after before headin home and draw for the rest of the night probably "
