8fa2adc29ea7862a454c842ee7651340
now i know why i detest cleaning so much   
yay!  snowed in today   what to do though?
first speech today and i have no idea how it's going to go    sad 
is thinking that being sick again today would be really cool 
"is bored of the same old fucking routine   get up, take a shower, walk the dog, go to school, come home, walk the dog, go to work, come home, walk the dog, try to do everything that needs to be done, sleep, rinse, repeat "
is loving this rain! it just popped out of no where like a good summer storm should  i think it's in line with the fact that i have to give another speech today    
thank god the weekend is almost here
is forcing <propfirst> to watch sense and sensibility  muahahahahaha!
can't wait for this weekend  car show!!!
yay!!! only two more days of work then 3 day weekend!  woot!!!
is excited about the car show tomorrow!!
is thinking that sunburns suck kinda 
thinks this head ache needs to go away
is watching <propfirst> annoy the shit out of raiya
has a headache and just wishes this week was over already 
is thinking that i need to go back to the camp site and withdraw from society altogether   things are much simpler that way 
is liking her new schedule at work very much   weekends off!
is going home for the weekend!  yay!!!
is thinking that work sucks and she just wants to be anywhere but here 
is thinking that she will start practicing yoga then maybe she won't be as pissy all the time
is liking the freedom of being alone for the weekend
is glad it is friday because i get to see a lot of my friends today!!
can't wait to start classes    i'm actually excited for them this semester 
is thinking that year is going to be hard but very rewarding
why does everything seem so much harder?
yup   decisions are getting much harder to make recently   what to do  what to do 
is wondering how things are going to work over the next few months 
is happier today than she has been in a very long time 
thinks that some people are pretty ridiculous 
"is thinking that people really should get the whole f***ing story before they go out and judge what decisions a person makes in their life, and stop the fucking drama!!"
"is very sleepy, but things seem to be looking up for the moment   and also can't wait for this weekend!!!!"
"is thinking that this being so far away all the time sucks, but it makes things just that much more intense "
is happy to see some things come full circle and not so happy to see others completely face plant in the dirt  but hey i suppose that's life huh?
is thinking some people need to stop being such assholes and need to get over themselves 
wants to be somewhere not far from here    but far enough away that everything will just come together 
is really going to miss raiya when that time comes 
will be looking for a new room mate possibly    any takers?  this will not be effective until next summer of course 
can't wait to go home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is home
is no longer at home and is stressed about everything once again!!!!!
is thinking that cis is going to kill her 
is sleepy and won't be attending classes tomorrow 
is thinking that being moved out is a good thing but it is really fucking up my school work in all sorts of not so cool ways     but on the other hand i really really like where i am staying at this particular moment    laugh 
got the apartment!!!!!  i'm so excited!!!!
got all moved in and everything and is completely broke due to the fact that i had to purchase lots of stuff for the new place   but in the end it is really all worth it 
is thinking that having internet at home will be really really nice 
is ready for the weekend like you would not believe   this week has been something akin to torture   there are reasons for this however and it will soon abate i suppose 
had a great time in memphis over the weekend   it was most definitely a unique e playful erience 
is rejoicing in the fact that i can now enjoy the internet in my own home 
it's friday!!!!!!
is watching <propfirst> play video games on my ps2 
"has had probably one of the best weekends ever, and it was all the better for its simplicity  smile "
is thinking that i need to do a lot of stuff today   including going to class   but fortunately (or unfortunately) <propfirst> came down and is now blocking my car in   and he is sleeping so hard there is no <propmale> he is going to move his truck   what to do   
is hanging out at home on the weekend  smile 
is ready for the weekend already    i just want to get through this week of tests and stress
is hoping that i did well in my interview and get the new position 
is enjoying this taco <propfemale> e playful erience very much   and not studying for my bms test that is in exactly 12 hours     
is very very tired indeed
really did not want to come back to springfield 
is tired but doesn't want to go to bed   i hate that feeling
"is hanging out at home, trying to make this damn headache go away and failing miserably   sad "
can not wait for the weekend to start!  this is going to be awesome 
just found out my cousin was killed in a car accident really early this morning    it was the worst thing in the world to have to be the one to tell <propmale> 
today and tomorrow are for those final goodbyes to a person who was dear to us all 
today has been one of the hardest i think i have ever had 
"we saw your face for the last time today     all i have to remember is this not an end, but only a pause to something that will resume again "
hates being on hold when you need to get something done    especially after being transferred twice already 
really hates having so much f-ing homework from a class that does not even really matter 
is thinking that stats is actually looking like it might be an ok grade    
just can't wait for the weekend   i'm really tired of this
is thinking that my paycheck is really going to suck this next week    i hope i can make everything alright     
is happy that tomorrow is the last day of class    then i get to see <propfirst> on wednesday
yay!  last day of work   then turkey    then on to omg i'm going to kill everyone on black friday    how exciting this week will be    
going to <propfemale>'s house tomorrow to spend some time with my family    going to introduce <propfirst> to everybody    wonder if he will survive the madness that is my relations?
just got back from the woods    and about to start on my report     uhg 
well    i just found out that one of my band instructors in middle and high school is a gay child molester      ummm  creepy much?
woo hoo   missed classes yet again today    seriously getting a bad case of senioritis   not good 
got off work early because all of our systems crashed at 930 this morning    wonder what it will be like tomorrow 
not in springfield     this is a good thing
is at home   getting ready to go to campus to get the damn files that mrs  hulett refuses to put on her black board site for the convienence of those of us who work full time as well as go to school    i hate cis    
is thinking that the bank can cash my check anytime now    this is why i don't mail shit     
well damn    i was hoping for a ton of snow today   but oh well   ill will just wait for january when the real stuff starts to come in 
last day of classes!!!!!!!!
woot!  in neosho for the weekend!!  yay for good food   lol
at kiale and ellies house with the family    and more good food    yay!!
damn it's cold outside    that's ok though   because i got my windows in my living room sealed today   it's much warmer in here now    yay!!!
woo hoo   studying furiously for the two finals i have tomorrow    then guess what?  i get to do it again tomorrow night too!  yay for me!!! (not)
one more left!!!! yay! then i'm done for a month    it's about time 
is done!!!  yay for sleeping in with <propfirst>!!!
yay!!   almost done with shopping for christmas   !!!!!!!!
is just hanging out    and it is fantastic  laugh  !!!!
gah   another all nighter   i hate this shit
is hoping that the roads are safe to travel on tomorrow   i so want to spend christmas with my family 
<propfemale> christmas!
why is it that you get the most crazy cravings for random food at like 1 o'clock in the morning?
yay!  only a four day week this week    i'm excited!
wow   the snow is pretty   but it makes things so complicated when you have some one to worry about 
i have come to discover that i really hate living alone      sad 
got my kindle today   and have discovered the joy of free books    laugh 
is thinking that if we get any more snow i might have to stock up on fire wood and build a fire in my apartment     cause it's f***ing cold in here 
so   i'm waiting for it to snow   again 
is just chillin at home   as usual  laugh 
fuck me its cold outside
es ist sehr kalt!!!!!
is glad it is the weekend   but i start school next week and i am so not ready for it 
black
is hanging out with <propfirst> at home
i think i am really going to enjoy school this semester   it's just the getting up and going that's going to be really hard 
just hanging out after class at home 
is excited for the weekend!!  i get to go home and do laundry!!!  yay for being home!!
is back in springfield and definitely does not want to be 
woo!!  waiting for class to start   it looks like we might have a sub today!!!
is doing a little job search   if anyone has any suggestions besides freaking teletech   please let me know
just made spaghetti for <propfirst> and henry    it was good  laugh 
is thinking that this school and work thing sucks <propmale> balls    
is it going to snow tonight?  i am waiting to see    
is going to get my hairs chopped off   i need something new very quickly
got all of my hair chopped of   it looks so much better now   yay!!
at home with the family   being subjected to copious amounts of cigarette smoke   will be hacking for the next year    have not convinced them to stop smoking 
is back in springfield and no longer smells of ridiculous amounts of cigarette smoke   yay for clean clothes!
is actually not completely drained from work today   its pretty impressive to say the least 
yay!!! weekend!!!
is wondering what <propfirst> has planned for today     i am extremely curious    
just found out that my grandma passed away   it leaves an empty feeling inside that just hurts     
just got back from mom's house   it's been an exhausting weekend 
what to do today?
is hanging out at home  woo!  trying to walk my mom through setting up a facebook account over the internet   it's kinda difficult 
is avoiding writing a paper i know i should really do   especially since it is due in about 12 hours   uhg
yay for being home early
does not want to go to work today because it is so nice outside    
actually got up for school today    but i had to rely on my mom for help    am i in highschool again?
is soooo tired    do not want to go to school    but on a lighter note    i found out that i will be an aunt   again  smile 
yay!  weekend    thank god
i am so ready for the weekend   and it's only wednesday 
is glad tomorrow is friday    then saturday will be here   yay!!!
is just thinking to myself   one more class one more class one more class     i don't know if i'll make it   lol
at home today   got my new couch yesterday and may be getting a kitten today!!
its 4 in the morning and my new cat will not stop meowing    i dont know what he wants   and i want to cry
blah    thats all i have to say
hanging out at home   really enjoying this spring break thing   i'm dreading going back to school   sniff sniff
it's the weekend and i still have to tomorrow     
found out that all the lug nuts were lose on all 4 of my tires today   funny how that happens when my boyfriend put them all on with an impact    mysterious?  i think not    
woo!  finally some sunshine    for the moment anyway 
is kinda bored not gonna lie   but on the bright side   i got to see my nephew today  smile 
god   i feel like absolute shit     this is why i hate spring   
yep   still feel like shit     will it ever stop?
has a doctors appointment tomorrow   hopefully they call me with a cancellation from today  smile 
i think it should be illegal to have to work and go to school on days like today    
is enjoying this amazing weather   laugh 
hanging out on campus for a bit waiting for my classes to start
just got back from <propfemale>'s wedding   which was beautiful   as it should have been   now just waiting for my clothes to dry 
is hoping that they call me soon    i really can't stand anymore of this    
is home all day by me lonesome   well excluding max    but he doesn't count because he randomly attacks me for no reason 
watching ufc for the first time   but im with a bunch of drunk people   so the commentary is great
is thinking that life really fucking sucks right now   anyone know any cures for it?
yay it's friday!!!!  and tomorrow's saturday!!  and the semester is almost over!!!!!!!
e-cow-nomics  model 1: socialism- you have two cows   you give one to your neighbor 
is thinking about maybe picking up a summer job   not sure though 
i think it should be illegal to be wide awake after only 3 and a half hours of sleep
gwah!!1 dislike cleaning!!!!  but it is done    and i am tired   lol
has had the worst headache of my life all day today    
yay!!!! last day of class!!!! thinking about doing mah happy dance!
thinks that today was a big fat waste of time and energy 
is so sick of the shit   that's it   i'm moving back in with my parents    lol
just got fired from helletech   feels good to be free of that place  but is really gonna miss a lot of the people who i worked with 
first friday free in a long time    and nothing to do   lol
yay!! finals!!
has a job interview today!!  woo hoo yay for me!!
had my interview a bit ago   it went really well in my opinion 
is chilling out after eating dinner with brian   it's been a quiet night
does not know what to do today
is thinking about going back to bed    what more is there to  do today?
it's saturday!!  but wait   it's raining   and home all alone   it kinda sucks
yay!!!  i have orientation on thursday!!  i'm excited!!!
what do i want to do today?  ummm     any extremely cheap suggestions?  lol
i start my job tomorrow   or i should say i go to orientation tomorrow!!  i'm excited!
woot!  had my orientation today   and it was actually kind of fun 
is eating instant mashed potatoes for dinner   because i am that broke   lol
woot!!  less than 24 hours til i turn 21!!  i'm excited!!!!!!!!!!!!
is waiting to go to work   
yay for peanutbutter cookies
made dinner for brian    and now he's asleep on the couch   lol
is glad the weekend is coming up!!  going swimming somewhere on sunday   any one have any suggestions on where to go?
is very tired    it was a long day down at the river  smile 
can't sleep   fuck     
just discovered my cat has been peeing in the bath tub   i'm not sure whether to be mad at him or be happy that he's not doing it on the floor    
at the laundromat doing what seems to be 6 months worth of laundry
sometimes i wonder at msu's thought processes 
why is it that when you make plans to do anything fun outside it has to f***ing rain?
"wonders why people are the way they are?  does it come from their parents?  from their environment?  maybe i should look at the world from the point of view of a true psychologist and just say they are all \interesting\""   or maybe not   i'll think about it long and hard and come up with an answer soon enough """
is back into the groove of school and is actually liking my classes again 
working on a paper for class   should only take me 10 minutes or so   i hope 
is happy i get to go home tonight   i haven't been there in a while   and i get to do my laundry  lol
work   enough said
in the computer lab again   writing yet another paper that is due in less than an hour   i am making progress with my procrastination   lol
is excited for the weekend!!!  going to memphis with <propfirst>   gonna have fun in the room with the whirlpool!
just got back from beale street   had lots of fun with <propfirst>   had too much to drink apparently although i only had two   i think they put a lot of alcohol in my slushie    
"oh springfield, how i hate you    i want to go back to mississippi     "
absolutely love my new shoes!!!!!!!  they are fabulous!!!!!
is excited for the weekend   going to the lake possibly then to neosho 
i'm tired   and i don't want to do my homework   lol
"hmm   so just had a moment of being scared shitless   for my computer of course  tried to watch a video sent to me by my cousin and got a virus  if anyone receives a video from me, just ignore it and delete it "
hmmm   just had my hair dyed a different color    yay!
does not want to go to work   i want to help <propfirst> and <propfirst> pull the clutch today    sad 
oh humidity how i hate you so   and your amplification in my apartment    
watching <propfirst> play modern warfare    such an exciting night     
question:  why do men have to have so much damn testosterone?  answer:  good f***ing question    
at home watching movies with mah mom   yay!
sitting on the couch playin with my kitten nizzie   he's so damn cute 
watching ten hours worth of lecture for my final test tonight   woo!
yay!!  i got a job!  at bass pro!!  woo!
woot!!  last week of school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got done doing my first session of zumba    it kicked my ass    just on the basics   laugh 
working on a 6 <propfemale> paper that is due in exactly 6 smile 0 hours    wish me luck
yay!!  school is done!! i'm excited
is waiting    
is home now   i had a great day with all of you guys!!
start my first day at my new job tonight!!  hopefully it's fun 
is sleepy
is baking banana bread!!!  and it smells good!!!!!!  i love baking 
woot!  cooking at 11:12 at night   yay for hungry people 
is full 
      i have nothing of importance to say    laugh 
had a long day    laugh 
it is hump day 
is wondering
is not wondering
it is finally the weekend   and can you guess where i am?
ok so i tried to post a really funny video but screwed up somehow
is tired
wants to kill everyone in the financial aid department 
my littlest <propfemale> may be finding a new home soon
feels kinda bad   max is going to really miss his little <propmale>     
alright   any one want a free kitten?
"<propfirst> and i went to campus to watch iron man 2 out on the lawn    in the very last part of the movie where all of the action is, the movie screen blew over and we missed the best part of the whole thing "
i'm so fucking bored       
is excited about classes tomorrow   finally 
does not want to go to sleep but i know i need too 
really enjoying my classes   i think this semester will be good 
is thinking that all men suck     
i hate missouri states financial aid department        !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is lonely
is sick   and it is not even september    
just realized why i will not be graduating in spring 2011 like i was planning     i am missing one f***ing class that i have to have to get into my bms 308 class   and i can't take bms 308 in the summer   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is loving this beautiful weather!!!!
sitting alone at work eating my ramen in relative piece     i want to be at home
absolutely loves my history and systems class  smile 
"is at the library \studying\""     by studying i mean screwing around on facebook     """
bored at work
so <propfirst> is officially off to california for the week   what am i going to do now?  i guess it's good practice for when he gets his cdl     *sigh*
has a feeling i am going to bomb tomorrows test    we will see 
"wonders if this will be the way life is until the end, because if so, it's going to get boring real quick "
first anatomy test in less than 2 hours   yikes!
just got back from pla-mor in j-town   it was a very interesting e playful erience and i liked it    laugh 
highs and lows seem to be the new roller coaster that is my life 
what to do what to do    
can't wait til after work!!!!!! my niece <propfemale> is going to be making her grand appearance some time today!  i hope i will be able to be there when she does  laugh !!!
my niece was born at 11 smile 9 and weighed 7lb 4oz   she is healthy and beautiful   laugh 
"so yesterday was the most beautiful weather and today it is <propfemale>, cold and sucky   i hate missouri weather      "
beer wings and football    yup good evening
anyone know any secret remedies for severe back pain?
is contemplating taking a sabatacle from facebook   not sure yet though
is going to kill some kitties in a few minutes if they don't quit 
any one hiring?
is thinking i need a <propmale> change of scene     springfield is really starting to wear on me   sad 
i sometimes wish we had about 32 hours in a day    it would make getting every thing i need to get done easier
some days i just really hate school   today would be one of those
wow   its been really boring today   now i am drinking alcoholic smoothies and playing on facebook    maybe i should have eaten before i started drinking this thing   
is considering dropping my anatomy class
"wants\ all of my close friends to comment with a memory we have together, then\ repost this on your wall to see all the memories you might have \forgotten!"
"is having one of those nights where my body is tired, but my brain doesn't want to fall asleep    "
well   i am hoping to get a different job   i don't like boring calls any more 
is thinking about throwing in the towel and becoming a freaking nun 
waiting
is so tired but unable to sleep   i wish the sandman would bless me with a visit 
can't wait until next tuesday!!
well     it seems that i now live alone with my two cats as my boyfriend just walked out with no word or anything   it's a great fucking day 
is better today
have an interview tomorrow and thursday   laugh 
"hey guys, i need to give up my little kitten nizmo   if anyone is interested, or knows someone who wants a kitten please let me know asap   he is extremely lovable, but i can't keep him "
is making beef stew!!
bored out of my effing mind!!!
is up way to early in the morning   aka butt crack of <propfemale>   seeing <propfirst> off to wisconsin and then off to the bass pro fitness festival to cheer on the participants   woot!  yay for volunteering 
heading home  yay!!
is tired    and has stuff to do today  sad 
hates when people waste my time 
is kinda bored    sucks being at home alone
is pondering life's great questions 
is tired    of everything
"please put thison your status if you know someone who has been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, theycan breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by a dragon  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the       remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this see more"
is sleepy
it's almost 2 am and i can't sleep    wonderful 
has decided that auto insurance companies are big pieces of shite    
been running research trials since 9    im tired   lol
is on a carb overload    mmmmm carbs
is getting sleepy   very sleepy     working on self hypnosis  lol
chinese fooooood  laugh 
i love the msu pow wow
is bored
its sad when you're bored enough to try to get the cat drunk    
"never thought i would say this, but i am excited to be moving home  laugh   get to be with the people who are the most important to me!"
working   bored and wish i was any where but here 
has rediscovered my love for <propfirst> crowe     laugh 
"oh black friday, how i loathe thee   you will push me to the edge of my <propfemale>   please hope that i don't kill any one today "
bored   
had a good day at home   can't believe how relaxed i feel when i get here   i don't want to go back to springfield   can it be december now?
"oh sleep, why have you deserted me at my time of greatest need?  do you have some greater plan?"
one of these days it will go away 
oh work how i loathe you   (just bps lol)
here i come oh sleepless night    8-12 pages must be written in less than 24 hours 
knocked out two pages in less than 30 minutes   if i can keep this up i should be able to get to bed before the ass crack of <propfemale> makes its appearance 
has a severe lack of enthusiasm for any type of school work 
"is slowly beginning to realize that if you want something done, you must go over several people's heads to get it fucking done   i swear some people are just idiots "
i miss the days of good cartoons 
one more week   then finals   then i get to go home!!!!  i'm so excited
"has finally discovered that my extreme lack of enthusiasm is not that, but and extremely large pile of i just don't give a sh*t     this is very bad "
is sleepy   good night all 
less than 2 weeks left until i move!!
61- i like how you make me laugh and that you are easy to talk to   it's kept me from the edge of something that could have been horrible   thanks for a being a friend  laugh   don't change for anything
7777- what can i say? we grew up together and did almost everything together as children   i love you  laugh   you're a beautiful person who is right where she wants to be   kind of inspiring if you think about it   you are a picture of true happiness and that is what counts most 
"0926- best friends for forever now it seems   i wish we could go back to those days where we were almost inseparable   it has been amazing however, to see how we have grown into the people we are   but i still miss the days of sailor <propfemale>, sheet forts, and biscuits at 10 surprise 0 pm   those were the days  laugh "
001- you are my number one girl friend up here!  i love hanging out with you and we should do more of it  laugh    you make me laugh and that is one of your most shining qualities   you are one of the reasons i don't want to leave springfield 
is sleepy    but that's what staying up all night does to you   thanks    you know who you are 
is going to pass out on these calls
is ready for winter to be over already     can not stand how dry it is 
late nights and early mornings do not mix
oh it's finals week    yay   can't wait to be done 
so i am thinking i need to <propfemale> out with some people this weekend as it will my last weekend in springfield 
wants a kindle     badly 
"woke up late, but one final down and just one more to go   then i must say farewell to my fair missouri state and concentrate on getting home as quickly as possible  laugh "
why does laundry have to take so damn long?  lol
sleeeep
3 more days!!!!!!!!  i can't wait!!!!
is impressed at how some people can be so petty    i am astounded 
some people are so stupid     
"is freezing, but glad to be home "
have finally moved completely back to neosho   i am excited!!
i hate job hunting 
these banana chips are freaking amazing    
saturday   what to do when the days start to run together?  maybe i'll try to be organized to day    yeah   right 
ah   silence   i never knew how much i loved you 
"is extremely, severely, and righteously pissed off    "
oh the weather outside is frightful    
finally got everything smoothed out with financial aid   every thing is good there 
is wondering why school couldn't start this week   i'm bored out of my mind   sad 
is sore as hell   but likes it  laugh 
had my interview today   i feel that it went very well   but that remains to be seen 
has not been up this early willingly in a very long time 
is excited to be in school and to finally have something to do   i have even given serious thought to actually opening the books this semester 
loves zumba 
woot!! classes are cancelled today!  i'm going back to bed   smile 
awww   another mindless day at home   i'm so excited 
why is that the only people who ever proposition me are either drunk or high?  lol
oh i wish i were an <propfirst> meyer weiner    
ah confined to my room for the next 3 5 hours    what shall i do?
is in serious need of social contact   someone needs to rescue me   lol
feels very accomplished today   i read the first chapter in my text book and took two quizzes   all within the last 2 hours 
bored 
on campus way too early this morning   what to do to pass the time before class 
thinking very seriously about washing my car today   will be fun  laugh 
bored for the evening   what an exciting prospect 
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood    
oh the joys of the hospital
here we are again   doing an assignment and quiz less than 3 hours before it's due   procrastination at its best   laugh 
is thinking about taking a nap 
"oh boredom, how i loathe thee "
oh will the boredom ever cease?
day 2 of my wintery confinement 
jumping into zumba after a week of relative inactivity was probably not a good idea 
it's amazing how a little soap and a toothbrush can make everything right in your world 
the imminent nose bleeds have reared their ugly head 
i am suddenly very tired   this is strange since it is before 10 p m 
why is it people ask questions then get pissed off when you give them an answer they don't like?  lol
extreme home makeover   how i have missed you so 
"oh snow, please, please, please just go away!!"
snow and satellite internet do not go hand in hand    
is about to go crazy 
"after all of this snow, it makes me seriously consider trading in my car for something big and 4 wheel drive "
i finally got to get out of the house today   i was so excited 
to bed to bed said sleepyhead     
yay   time to go dig out the car   must be prepared if school is in tomorrow 
my car can go!  i'm so excited 
seriously needs someone to talk to  smile 
loves when the kindle estore updates its free book collection 
roads are so bad out here i still can't go to class   sad 
ah  reading about puberty is exactly what i wanted to do at 9 surprise 0 am    (insert eye roll)
is actually going to try to get out today   wish me luck 
7:19 pm and i am ready to pass out   what the hell is wrong with me?
"so i have decided that when it is within my grasp, i am packing up my stuff and moving as far south as i can get "
needs some music to listen to   any suggestions?
really needs to go to sleep   but i am wide awake      why!?
got up way to early    
yay for melting snow!  if only it would go faster 
conversation full or innuendo and laughter   i love it
so i got my car out of the drive way and down our road today   i got to drive all over town and everything and came back home   everything was fine   only to get stuck at the end of our driveway   lol   will it never cease?
ah zumba   how i have missed you so 
saw the kid train today  was really cute
"as <propfirst>'s day passes me by, i just came to the realization that i just don't care about this particular holiday   i believe that makes me abnormal   laugh "
"i didnt do it, im not getting her in trouble, and whatever it is she talked me into it"
it is 7:42 a m  on wednesday   the day i don't have class and i am up and surprisingly wide awake    what the hell is wrong with me??
got my hairs cut today!  i was excited  laugh 
"had a fun time tonight   to the people on the motorcycles, please be careful and not do wheelies on 7th street as it is way to damn bumpy and i don't want to clean you off my tires    laugh "
beautiful day outside today    i love it   my flip flops missed me
i've been very lazy today   i need to do something   any suggestions?
guess we are having a family get together today    laugh   the craziness begins lol
completed my quiz a full 2 1 2 hours before it was due   i'm getting better at this  laugh 
"i may be bad but im perfectly good at it sex in the air i dont care cause i love the smell of it  sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me  smile "
will be headed to springfield today   woot!!
had lots of fun in springfield   i believe i'll have to do it more often   laugh 
after the past couple of days   i'm really kinda bored    sad 
blueberry
why does it have to be cold?  it's honestly depressing after the nice weather that we were having    i'm moving to hawaii     
i hate it when you read a series of books and the one you're reading ends with this massive freaking <propmale> hanger and you're all excited to get to the next one and then realize that it isn't coming out for another two months   damn it     
finds it funny that i just heard a condom commercial on the radio and immediately following it was a message from pastor <propfirst> odonnell
sitting at lauris house helping her pick out an outfit for her birthday party and trying to steal her clothes
up late   and need some one to talk to  smile 
tornado warnings in february   what a way to end the weekend 
what way does the wind blow?
"on campus, finished my test and my quiz, now i'm supposed to be working on my cover letter and resume, but i got distracted         laugh "
boredom reigns supreme once again    and facebook is stupid and won't cooperate with me   somebody text me please  laugh 
they're remaking thundercats?!     i dont know whether to be excited or skeptical   
got to campus way early this morning   finished up two assignments that were due and now waiting for class to start   i am on a roll this week 
"the quiz gods have smiled upon me this day, and it is now time to commence operation study in the park  laugh "
finally have a working computer in my room again   yay!
sheesh    9 surprise 0 pm and i'm ready for bed     
"no one will get this right! my middle name__________, my age___, my favorite soda_______, my full birthday___ ___ ___,whose the love of my life______ ,my best friend_____, my favorite color______, my eye color_______,my hair color______ my favorite food!!! put this as your status and see who knows you best!"
back to campus on my day off    see what happens when i go to springfield?  they make me work at school    lol
took the quiz   check    tried to do statistics   check     edited resume and cover letter   check    assessment is still pending   and more job apps after all of that   i've been busy busy busy today   laugh 
loves cracked com  laugh 
at the track and once again rediscovering my love for running    love rythmic sound of feet hitting the pavement the flow of breath in and out   the beauty of the stars on a clear night    why dont i do this more?!
having a stand off in my room with an enormous hairy spider      sad 
aha!  i killed that spider!!   he was no match for me and my flip flop of doom  laugh 
is seriously looking forward to spring break   this getting up at 7am every morning is killing me   i need some sleep 
spent 24 hours trying to download a game and then play said game only to be told on getting it started that my graphics card would not support it    fml
rain falling on a tin roof is a beautiful sound
woot!  going to pla-mor tonight with <propfemale> and some friends   gonna have a good time despite the storm  laugh 
<propfemale> saying 1:he was some blaxican dude  blaxican?!   i dont know he was dark   rofl
had a blast at pla-mor tonite!  can't wait to go tomorrow   i'm excited!!!
got my laptop to work half way   we'll see how it goes in the next couple of hours 
at pla mor and wishing more of my friends were here
now i know why i hate group assignments and choose to do things on my own   because no one ever gets their shit done in time and i'm stuck with a shitty grade because of it 
loves talking to friends that make you smile and listening to some good music 
why is it that the computer only has problems when its the day you need to turn stuff in?
ah the week of perpetual headaches   how i hate you so 
another week of getting things done on time  woot!!
is 4 for 4 in spider death match
i hate having to come to class in the rain    sad 
rain you make me so sleepy      and you always show up when i want to ho outside  sad 
is glad both friday and saturday are supposed to be nice   it's going to be a good weekend  laugh 
"wow   i was just told that i have some very \dude\""-like qualities     oh my   """
"oh what would we do with out interesting, if not intellectually stimulating, conversations?"
miss <propfemale> had her kittens today!  2 calicos and 1 coal black    so cute!   <propmale> is jealous already lol
it's freaking amazing how it's such a small world   lol
wow    these people are nuts   lol
ready for this test to happen 
woot!  can't wait til later today!   i'm excited for warm weather and sunshine!!!  and lots of other stuff too!
really hates this pharmacy
had a very good time tonight  laugh 
just got my new phone  <propfemale> excited!
i'm really feeling the lemon drop       smile 
had lots of fun at pla mor     drank too much but had a good time  smile 
is tired  smile 
2 days ago it was 72 degrees and <propfemale>  today it is 34 degrees with a winter weather advisory?      wtf!?     i hate march sometimes  sad 
completely forgot it was pi day!!
<propmale> told us to use lsd in class today   i lol'd  smile 
ready to do this interview 
watching these boys play quarters     it's interesting 
pondering life
got new shoes    excited!
cleaned out my car today!!  woot!  now to get the oil changed and get it inspected 
well fuck the car    just got in a fucking wreck    headed to the hospital now      fun times
"is at home and feels like crap   but i'm alive and well    gonna be sore for the next few days, but nothing is broken but my car   thanks to everyone for your concern   it is much appreciated "
got to take pictures of my car 
ans here comes the break down  a full 24 hours later and i'm bawling in the bedroom    what a wonderful evening 
bored out of my mind 
