94f7324a8e7e7f6d51c8378a69f7e1df
exhausted from the past few days of work!  hockey fans can drink!!
"packing, then off to maine for my 10th hs reunion!!  omg, i'm old!!"
<propfemale> has returned from her time warp to 1999 
"the sun finally comes out for the first time in a month, and i'm sick and won't leave the couch   "
this game is starting to annoy me   
2 smile 0am   finally home from work   gotta leave at 8am to go back   i will sleep well tomorrow!
i stayed awake to watch the red sox lose like this???
back from maine!  sad   i've never been happier to have a sunburn - proof that i was on vacation!
"believes that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, post this as your status for the rest of the day  this country must decide whether it is a right or a privilege to have access to health care "
mmmm   i love lobster!!
"<propmale> somehow managed to convince me to go to a truck festival during my birthday weekend, but i'm now actually looking forward to the weekend "
back from the vineyard!!  ahhh   couch!
<propmale> was right and i was wrong  <propmale> <propfirst>
back from a great (but tiring) weekend in <propfemale>   thanks for the birthday wishes!
"heading to maine today!!  those of you in the area, i will probably be found at the cup tonight "
"so good to see everyone!! (<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>   )  we need to do that more often!"
"i spend the weekend in maine, and then drive home to mass in snow??"
very bummed my dvr didn't catch all of house!  at least i saw the angels beat ny instead!
"ok, i guess i'm not cool   what is glee??????"
had a great time visiting with <propfemale> and <propfemale> today!
cranberries concert tonight - and hopefully some <propfemale> food 
looking to move     anyone know someone who needs a transliterator?  i need a job!
"reason #3 maine's not so bad: liquid sugar at dd's, and employees who speak english and know how to make a cup of coffee "
"okay, all of you in maine: i'm officially welcoming myself back to this state thursday night at the cup   reason #2 why maine's not so bad (see former post) is knowing i have a lot of friends and family here (#1 is the cup), so please prove that and come drink with me on thursday!"
headed to the cup   
maine is seriously kicking my ass - and my car's ass!
"maine still doesn't like me   got stuck in the snow and ice sunday night and couldn't make it out to work the next day   i tried to register my car in maine today, but i'm missing a piece of paperwork that's still in mass   maybe then maine will learn to accept my car "
so glad it's vacation!  caught up on a month's worth of sleep yesterday   now off to the gym with <propfemale>   
i think i undid everything from the gym yesterday in hallowell last night 
"vacation's over   sad   back to getting up at 5am, and then cues on tap in boston tomorrow night "
out of work early  cup it is!
making bruschetta! yum! had a craving   
heading to the cup with my sister!
shopping and gym with my sister   and maybe walk the rail trail - it's so nice outside!  then cup??
"a true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy, your car makes funny noises, if you only have $5 00 in the bank this week, or that your family is not perfect   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never    question their friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend "
"i have my baby girl back!!!  she's settling in, and even has an admirer!"
a real bed and my own shower!!!
"sick of being sick!!  now, nyquil and bed   "
"opening night on easter sunday is horrible idea!  nothing i can do about it now, except find a bar that's open, and some friends to watch it with me   so - who's in?"
yay sox!!!!!  way to start the season!!  seriously dissapointed by the lack of sox fans in maine though!  haven't been this homesick for mass for a while   
sick of being sick!!!
"ahh   vacation!  so much to do, so little motivation   "
working on my resume    thought i'd be drinking hours ago!
fenway!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mission: retrieve car a success!  with a bonus 3 mile walk on a gorgeous day!!
"after a long conversation about good beers and bloody marys, i'm wondering why i'm not sitting outside somewhere drinking one   "
"getting up at 5 smile 0am after a week of vacation was painful     on the plus side, i'll sleep well tonight!"
officially a wannabe!
one act plays and cup
gorgeous day for a bbq!
finally made it back to the gym!  thanks for the motivation <propfemale>!
gym   
"great weekend so far: boston (thanks <propfemale>), spending time with <propfemale> and <propfemale>, seeing old friends, visiting my grammy, mimosas and music   it's not quite over yet   "
#250 tonight!!  join me at the cup!!
"5 1 2 day vacation and it's been great so far!  got my mug, had lobster, got in the ocean and lake, played wiffle ball, and most importantly: spent time with some amazing friends!  and the weekend's not over yet   "
hallowell is a lot further way when running than by driving!
where are the tornados and hail?  i'm a little let down   
"i would've traded tornados and hail yesterday for some sun today, but i still had a great day "
they finally accepted my blood!
"those of you in mass: looks like i'll have some free time between 4 and 7, or so, on friday   anyone care to grab a coffee or beer with me?"
i will not be sick for <propfemale>'s wedding   i will not be sick for <propfemale>'s wedding   i will not be sick for <propfemale>'s wedding   
"i've finally started to settle into maine, but the need to go dress, shoe, and jewelry shopping this week has reminded me that i miss mass   the new kohls and target just doesn't cut it "
practiced walking in a straight line and succeeded! also had two lobsters!  wink   successful evening   looking forward to tommorrow   !!
"despite an uncooperative mother nature, it was a perfect day!  congrats <propfemale> and <propmale>!"
"4-6 hours of sleep every night for the past 4 nights, with very eventful days   i'm sleeping til noon tommorrow   do not disturb "
survived two nights of old hallowell days!  sleeping well tonight   
"not in the sun long enough today, but i did get to drink a beer while lying on a floatie in the lake   good day off so far   thanks <propfemale>!"
"i love when i go to a bar, and after asking what ipas they have, learn that they have three microbrewed ipas on cask  thank you sebago "
why did i agree to work an open-double on a monday?  sad 
"it's an akward situation when you run into someone that looks familiar, but you can't figure out how you know them, and learn later it's actually an exboyfriend "
a monday straight through double close   why do i do this to myself??  but i have the next two days off!!!
massachusetts!!!!!
"gsm crash kings concert, hanging out with kat, drinks in boston, visit with my grandmother, visit with <propfemale> (and her two young children), swimming in the lake     i'm exhausted, but i have thoroughly enjoyed my two days off!"
home and back to work   sad 
an 11 hour shift after less than 4 hours of sleep was not fun   but i am taking tomorrow off as a mental health day!  so many things that need to get done that i have neglected to do the past few weeks (including sleep)   
"three doubles, and then a mini-vacation in mass   "
being sick sucks! yay for dvr and netflix instant watch!
i'll be in framingham hanging out for a while this sunday   call or text me if you're in the area and free   
"great weekend, but still fighting my cold   yay bed   "
"i meant to be so much more productive today, but it is just too hot out for me!  89 degrees in my room makes paying bills and filling out forms near impossible!"
i like it on the floor as soon as i get home   
\there's a game called circle and i don't know how\,94f7324a8e7e7f6d51c8378a69f7e1df,\and i just can't keep living this way\,94f7324a8e7e7f6d51c8378a69f7e1df,in mass nh for my birthday vacation!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes!  great birthday so far - dinner last night with <propfemale> sansone, lunch today with <propmale> malo, afternoon visit with <propfemale> mcauley and her cute kids, and soon, dinner with my mom   enjoying my day!"
moving to dc!  in two days!!
safely in <propfemale>!  wasn't a bad drive   the gw bridge is so much nicer on a sat night than a fri afternoon!  sleeping well tonight   
i'm a craigslist junkie!
"found a dogfish head bar in my soon-to-be new town   actually, there's two   already made a few friends   i think i'll like it here     smile "
"i've finally e playful erienced pf changs   full, tired, and ready for a nap   "
"completely restructuring my resume, and i'm getting very stressed!"
took advantage of the gorgeous 70 degree <propfemale> day and went for a run   about to undo all the good work with some pizza   
are there any roads in no  va that they're not doing construction on?
more apartment searching tonight     getting time to choose one!
"exhausted!  i picked a crazy first day to venture into the city after moving here, but i had an awesome time at the rally and hanging out with <propmale> scanlon after "
so much to do    but enjoying a lazy day!
"forget flip flops, bears, and spiders    i'm scared of crickets!!"
"finally saw <propmale> horror picture show tonight for the first time (i know, i know, i should've seen it a long time ago, and many times by now   )   what a strange movie!!  i have a strong urge to see clue right now though   "
raking leaves is a lot more fun when you're a kid and get to jump in them when you're finished and not bag them after 
"i can't vote where i live, and i don't live where i can vote   and the last time i voted, it was in a third state   as much as i would like to do my patriotic duty today, i am going to have to refrain due to my complicated life  but the rest of you vote!"
"longest day i've had at work in a while, but it was a great day, and so far i'm so thankful that i've had the courage to move down here, and that everything has worked out so well so far   "
"so i can use fb on my phone    it`s not such a \dumb\"" phone after all   """
"after two full days of training, and cues on tap last night, what did i do when i got home?  went for a run   because of my busy weekend, i will forgive myself for the fact that i still haven't unpacked my suitcases from my move last week   "
i love that the captioning on my tv automatically turns on when i hit the mute button   sometimes the little things amuse me   
"i have never looked up a bus schedule in my life   after going through multiple websites, and staring at <propfemale> maps on my computers screen, public transportation options are making my brain and eyes hurt "
i made it successfully to dc and back tonight on my own via public transportation   still so much to learn about this area   
"so beautiful outside today!!!  now, off to baltimore for <propfemale> winter's bday!"
"i did do a lot this weekend, but i also did a lot of nothing   and i'm glad, because that hasn't happened in weeks, and won't happen again for weeks   i'm a busy girl and everyone needs a little down time     oh, but i won a t-shirt and water bottle tonight!  smile "
"it turned into a beautiful afternoon   went for a run after work and discovered the coolest running trail alongside a <propfemale> (thank you <propfemale>, random stranger i ran into last time i went for a run, for telling me about it) "
"ok, i leave va at noon tomorrow, and hope to make it to <propfemale> by 1am   i think i know the route i'm going to take   any brilliant pieces of advice?  it's one of the worst traffic days of the year, and i'm driving a cargo <propfirst> rental   there's no fun way to do this     sad "
"i made it!  i love where i moved, but it's nice to be home and see friends and family   i hate new jersey!!!  and i have a new found love for delaware "
snow???
"i have a lot of crap!  everything in my storage unit is organized, and the things i want to take with me are in my <propfirst>   yay!  still so much to clean and pack at my dad's house tomorrow     sad "
"a quick visit to the og to see some friends, and then off to the cup!!  hope to see many of you there   "
my baby girl is finally home with me!!!
"yay!  the cargo <propfirst> is unloaded and returned!  moving is so much easier when you have help   thank you <propfirst> for helping me at the storage unit friday   thank you <propfirst> for helping me unload the <propfirst> tonight   and thank you <propfemale> for offering to help tonight   now i just need to put it all away    first, sleep!!"
"i should be in bed     after a crazy debate discussion, i have been googling the definition of a commonwealth, the difference between a city and a town, and the political importance of a county vs  a town   (yes, i do have a life) apparantly <propfemale> is just weird in some of its political divisions   anyone care to shed any light on this matter?  i'm going to bed finally!"
"ok, some of you have heard the classic math riddle where you choose door #1, door 3 is revealed to be empty, and you have the <propmale> to switch to door #2  why does door #2 have a greater <propmale>?? i don`t get it!! no one`s e playful lanation has helped to sway my opinion on this matter, but i`d love to see you try!"
i love that <propfirst> has much better airport bars than dulles  i am annnoyed however that i`ve had to spend so much time in one  (thank you beer works for contributing to society  wink   )i just want to go home though!
"i had a great day with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>!  soon, off to hallowell   "
it's so pretty outside - like snowglobe snow!
headed to sc!
yay i have gps again! thank you to the nice man at the car parts store for helping a girl who clearly has no mechanical skills 
a fast food stand on the highway with topless service and an adult toy store    well isn`t that convenient  now one needn`t be bothered with an extra stop 
i`ve heard of south of the border and have now witnessed it  fireworks and tequila-interesting combo   
made it to charleston! shopping at the piggly wiggly   
it`s so beautiful out today! 55 degrees! got my <propmale> jersey on  go pats!!
hooray for an extra day off today!
is the owl a fowl?
"a long but great day!  cueing murder mystery today, and some wine and game night tonight  i will sleep well tonight   "
mmmm   japanese habachi tonight!
yay another snow day!
"being from maine, the weather did not seem so bad today looking outside my window   after reading some fb reports, i am now glad that i did not have to work today   i can drive in snow, but i'm used to other people who can and roads that are plowed sanded salted   i wonder what my commute will be like tomorrow??"
"just got a text that one school is cancelled tomorrow from the weather   but, i am supposed to work at another school tomorrow, which is actually further away   grr     can they cancel too please??  if i have to work, i'd rather not know about the snow day i could have had   "
"red sox orioles tickets went on private sale today   they are playing in april, july, and september   i have no idea what i'm doing in july or september so it's kind of a scary thing to purchase these tickets   anyone want to go to a game with me??"
day #2 off today   maybe i'll actually be a bit more productive for this one   
now i have tomorrow off too!  i'm not quite sure what to do with all this free time   
dinner and martinis  now off to play darts!
"i have no problem meeting and flirting with new guys   why do proper dinner dates scare the crap out of me?  psych majors out there, or anyone who's watched an oprah show before, feel free to psychoanalyze me   "
"home cooked indian dinner, wine, and good conversation     a good night!  now bed   "
"had a great night!  still confus<propmale> on the cosmic events that brought people together tonight     my conversation of new england weather l<propmale> to learning that two strangers at the bar were both from the bustling city of wilbraham, <propfemale>, which l<propmale> to more conversations of new england prep schools, special <propmale>, cu<propmale> speech, and the culture of punjab sikh, which in turn made three female strangers into friends "
i think i just witnessed the worlds smallest snowflakes   
"i think my cat has ocd - or she's just neurotic    while i was at work, she found a plastic bag i had balled up and covered her water dish with it   after i gave her the juice from a tuna can, she moved the plastic bag from the water dish and completely covered her tuna bowl with it   she removed it an hour later to take a few more sips, and then recovered it "
"working 8-5 in md, and then girls night at the comedy club!"
"it's almost 70 degrees!!  why am i inside responding to emails, when i should be lying in the sun reading a book before i have to go back to work?  that's what i'm off to do now   "
"what a busy weekend!  great visit with <propfemale> friday night, discovered belvedere market (wish there was something similar near me!), worked a bit saturday afternoon, and attended an asl comedy show sat night with some cool chicks   wish i had another day off tomorrow to finish - ok, ok, start     wink  - my chores errands and sleep a bit more "
i had a fun day at the casino!  and i won!!!  off to bed   
"i have a brand new futon (assembled in my living room, no longer in a box on my front lawn), and my dvd player is finally hooked up   hooray!!"
i am now officially a resident of <propfemale>! (took me long enough   )
"spring is right around the corner!!  how do i know that?  is it because i saw daffodils on my commute to work last week?  because of daylight savings time?  because it's going to be 75 degrees this weekend?  no, it's because i spent the night drinking aprihop watching the sox yankees spring training game    smile "
"my car charger fuse blew again!  sad   but i figured out how to fix it myself!  <propfirst> laptewicz and <propfemale> <propmale>, aren't you proud of me??  smile "
"it`s 75 degrees here in tampa  of course, it was also 75 degrees back in dc, but i spent the day at work or in an airport   sad "
"i'm back in <propfemale>!  my phone however is still in florida   sad   i'm having withdrawel pains   if anyone needs to get in touch with me in the next few days, use fb or email "
the game is now officially starting   and i am now officially boarding my plane   sad  this was not well planned   
what is this white stuff on the ground here?
having a few drinks in framingham before my flight home if anyone`s around   
flight`s delayed      sad   found the boston beer works at the terminal though   
i should do more banking in person from now on   the branch manager is quite cute!  wink 
