20b291c32031e486748b10e0208030be
happy new year!!!
board and hungery    as normal
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
look at this  i found a picture with my face in it 
it's my birthday  i get it  so don't tell me happy birthday  i already heard it enough from my family
my birthday is done and over with  so nobody say happy birthday 
board and hungery   as normal
the thing that is on my mind is thinking what i am going to say in this box
"roses are red, violets are blue  if u don't like this poem sucks for u"
basketball practice in about an hour  don't be suprised if i die 
omg  god answered my wish   basketball practice was cancelled!! smile 
<propmale>'s thought of the day   whats for dinner 
thought of the night   zzzzzzzz
thought of the night    school tomarow sad 
still board with nothing to do   
board
board sad 
i don't think there is ever a time when i'm not board
nothing to do and tons of time
"board, need somthing to do"
"board, tired, hungery    welcome to my life"
"tired, hungery, and board as always"
i'm bored
<propfemale> was here!!  smile      about 3hr  ago
i'm at the biggest mall i have ever seen in my life!
soccer in the rain    there is nothing better (except sleep)
"tired, bored, home alone, and waiting    not a good combination"
can't wait till schools over  i'm about ready to go nuts
"people hit'in the ground, my parents getting thrown out, scoring more than 2 points and winning    dam was that game fun"
"wow, my life is confusing"
"board out of my mind, any suggestions on what to do"
"word of the wise: do not unhook ipod while syncing or it will get messed up  trust me, now i have to reboot my ipod  sad "
"board, any suggestions"
"im looking at my feed i noticed one thing    alot of people are board, welcome to the party"
is board
same as always   board
camp susque in 1 week  laugh 
"ahhhhh, rain!!!"
board out of my mind
one more day and i'm out of here for 3 weeks!!!
out of here for 3 weeks!!!
"back from camp, and already missing it  sad "
ahhhhhh rain!!
"hay, did any one here get somthing about a people to people ambassador program thing!?"
is trying to use his computer but it keeps freezing   sad 
bored  annoyed 
board out of my mind
bored  annoyed 
you know i'm bored when i goon the treadmill to pass time
i have discovered the powers of a blender!!
"yard sale at my house, come and buy stuff!!"
got his computer fixed!!
is burning stuff because he's board
is bored  annoyed 
yes!!! i'm going to knowbels tomarrow!!
bored annoyed 
"crap, being forced to do somthing"
"wow, it's amazing how fast i can use a itunes gift card"
bored annoyed 
yes!! rain
no practice sad 
power just came back on smile 
"odd\1-honors geo\2- honors bio\3- honors bio\4- graphic 1\5- phys ed\6a- am history\6b- lunch\7- intro eng\8- h english 9\\even\1- honors geo\2- honors geo\3- honors bio\4- graphic 1\5- health\6a- am history\6b- lunch\7- intro eng\8- h english 9"
dang   this is the third time i forgot to logout
watching zombieland
leavin for new hampshire soon  smile 
"leaving, back in a week"
found wifi
back home from new hamp 
"last day of vaction, damit  frowny "
"1 day down, 179 to go"
i'm not made for honor classes  sad 
"   fuck, didn't see this coming"
my life sucks right now
"listening to music, just thinking"
"finished my science thing, now its time to sit back, relax, and watch some eagles football smile "
"deat kolb, stop ruining the eagles!!! sincerely, me"
"never regert somthing u did that will help u in the long run, trust me"
feels like crap  sad 
"thinking about what to type in this box    well, this will do"
"got alot of things on my mind, dont know what i should do  annoyed "
"hmm, my essay saved me from doing yard work, maybe its not that bad after all"
"never mind, essay still sucks"
"essay is done, time to relax and think about stuff"
fact of the day    play doh is not in the dictionary
today sucked
14 hrs till hershy park in th dark smile 
hershey park was awsome  smile 
"listening to ipod, thinking"
cuponk!!!
"listening to music, thinking"
"be\honest! if you think i'm cute, like my status  if you love me put a ?\if i'm a good friend put a  smile  if you miss me put a  annoyed  if you ever had a\crush on me put a  laugh  if you're not scared, put this as your status   "
"god is great, beer is good, and people are crazy"
i'm just stupid somtimes  annoyed 
"board, go figure annoyed "
listening to music
singing along to music on my ipod  smile 
let's go eagles!!
thank god for duck tape
board
snow!!! smile 
board  annoyed 
i'm gona get me that 30 point <propmale>
now im gonna get that <propmale>  smile 
listening to music
"if\you think i'm cute, like this status  if you love me, put a ?   if i'm \you're friend, put a  smile  if you've ever wanted to go out with me, poke \me  if you miss me, put a  annoyed  if you ever had a crush on me, message me \saying so  if you're not scared, post this as your status"
"thinking about what song to sing for the audition, any suggestions"
i hate dressing up  sad 
"pass this on     change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  until monday, december 6th  by monday you shouldn't see a single human face on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories  this is a campaign to heighten awareness of violence against children "
bored  annoyed 
hating my life right now
"times running out, but im still gonna get me that deer"
i got me a deer!!!  smile 
"hanging out, listening to songs"
can't stand any more christmas music
"board, need somthing to do"
sprinkles!!!!
think i did good on the audittion
"9 days till break, 10 days till christmas, 11 days till camp susque!!!  smile "
"inbox only-\2010 is almost over \confess something you have always wanted to tell me or ask me  (100% private)\put this as your status  you might be surprised at the confessions you get "
"bored, 7 days till freeze  smile "
6 days till freeze
4 days till freeze!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!
bored out of my mind  1 day till freeze 
freeze here i come
i love camp susque  had an awesome time at freeze
(inbox only)this is the last day of 2010  if there is anything you want to ask or tell me then message me 
bored   
"bored, go figure"
let's see how creative my facebook friends are leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be 1 word  then copy and paste this to your wall  just don't leave a word and not copy   that's no fun!!
not in good mood  sad 
"bored, thinking about some things"
thinking about my rap for english and other things
watchen football!!
fuck
got some things to think about  then play practice
looking for peoples cell <propfirst>  mesage them to me
<propmale> just left from playing nerf and now im bored  annoyed 
"? of the day, whats my middle name?"
"feel like crap, thinking about just staying home"
"listening to bowling for soup, bored out of my mind"
"listening to music on my ipod  oh, and that relactionship stutaus i posted was fake  im still single i just wanted to see what people would say  so don't worry ladys, im still open  wink "
"jsut got home from my bros house, wondering what to do now"
"listening to my ipod, thinking of lyrics for my rap for english"
"had to turn on my brain and listen to some music, but i got my english rap done"
schools closed!
"chillin in my new vick jersey,  dreamin big and whising i had a girlfriend"
"just so everybody knows, <propfirst>  23 is not my birthday  if facebook or someone else saids it is they are lieing "
"listening to music, bored"
am i crazy?
all hail the mighty blender
"listening to music as always, bored as always  dam, i need to find some new things to do"
"hanging out, waiting for football to start  happy b-day to me  annoyed "
leaving for play practice soon  smile 
feeling bumbed and confused
can't go to refuge tonight because my mom won't drive me when snow falls from the sky  sad 
"well, i screwed up"
meknows this play will rockith
love sucks  sad 
"copy this into your status and see what people rate you!!!!\1=crazy 2=i'd marry you 3=talkative 4=sarcastic 5=i miss you 6= club head 7=moody 8 laugh umb 9=mouthy 10=random 11=hot 12=funny 13=fit 14=amazing 15=tough 16=cute 17=bf gf type 18 annoyed ayer 19=i love you 20=gorgeous 22=couldn't live without you 23= u da bomb! > >"
listening to music bored out my mind
"wow, i never watched the pro bowl before today, but i've seen better two hand touch football games  it sucks!"
"well, i've had better nights  sad "
singing along to songs on my ipod smile 
"hmmm, got alot of things on my mind, don't really know what i should do  annoyed "
"truth is    i love her, i'm just too afraid to tell her that"
out chipping ice off the drive way  annoyed  fun
"awesome, just got my new throwing knives, but it's too dark and cold to try them out so i'm still bored"
"power on, power off, on, off, on    if only it can make it's mind up"
"if everyone cared and nobody cried\if everyone loved and nobody lied\if everyone shared and swallowed their pride\then we'd see the day when nobody died"
listening to music as always
r i p <propfirst>
"bored, can't wait to watch the super bowl commercials"
"i don't care who wins *steelers* as long as the final point difference is  2, 3, or 4 me win big money"
"yes, packers win and me win money  what a end to a good night"
"got play practice tonight, bored at the moment"
"i got somthing on my mind that i need answered, just don't know who i should ask"
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status!?\??????????????? ????? ?????????????=="
"dear facebook, you are always asking me whats on my mind, to tell u the truth i can't say most of the things that are on my mind  so i just decide to say   i'm bored"
i hate this time of the year
playing the best game ever invented; mud and blood 2
"no one is afraid of heights, they are afraid of the fall,no one is afraid to play, they are afraid to lose, no one is afraid of the dark, they are afraid of what's in it, no one is afraid to say ''i love you'', they are afraid of the response "
"worst day of the year, here i come"
i just got my heart broken by someone and they will never know it  if u haven't found out by now i hate v-day 
"that was a good end to a crapy day, but i still hate v-day"
"bored, got refuge tonight  smile "
"when the wicked rise to power, people go into hiding; but when the wicked perish, the righteous thrive "
"plucky, clucky, lucky, ducky, and chrispy"
never give <propfemale> a marker and your arm
"i don't want to go to bed, but i got nothing better to do"
"to all my friends on facebook  i'm going to go without food for 30 hours to raise money for kids who need it  if you would like to make a donation, just give me the money at school  and who dosen't want to pay money for <propmale> to go without food"
"can some one help me, i got my head stuck in the clouds and i can't seem to get it out"
leaving for play practice  smile 
the 30 hour famine has begun
"sorry <propmale>, you can't have my stuff  i survived the 30 hour famine"
??f??a??c??e??b??o??o??k??????™ this drug is very efficient for cases of chronic boredom  extra doses can lead to addiction 
"sting like a butterfly, flot like a <propfemale>"
"it's been awhile since i've felt like this, why did this feeling have to come back  *love sucks*"
"i'm done with the guess work in love  if you like me then message me, other wise i give up on love  heart-broken "
"bored and got nothing to do, go figure"
"with in dout, play darts"
"yesterday i wore shorts, today it is snowing  got to love <propfemale> "
"got my fingers crossed, hope it happens"
"time to shovel, weee   "
pancakes for lunch!!!
"listening to music, not sure what i should do next"
"bored, playing with my plastic army men"
i feel    weird
anybody else picking theatre for an elective
hmmmmm   
"i think   \i know   \i want   \i love   \[like]"
"short story, essay, other school work i can't think of right now i love days like this   "
really don't want to do this eathen from essay
"lets see what i got done today  \short story- worked on it\essay- sure\other school work- didn't find any\productive day- maybe"
"philly til' i die\philly til' i die \i know i am\i sure i am \i'm philly til' i die"
damn it
"i’m sittin’ at a bar on the inside, waitin’ for my ride on the outside she broke my heart in the trailer park, so i jacked the keys to her fuckin’ car  crashed that piece of shit an' then stepped away "
"keep your wits sharp\your heart open\and your gun loeded ~ncis: la"
essay done!!!
hell yeah!!!
i jusy had an eniphany
band of brothers!!
ouch
anybody want to buy an ipod  got a 16gb ipod touch that can't use headphones and a craked screan and a 8gb ipod nano that works and looks fine  make an offer
damn
bye hair
"bored then, bored now, and going to be bored later"
"never thought this would happen, again"
hardest part of ending is starting again
nut up or shut up
"a person is born as many people, but in the end dies as 1"
my family is crazy
rain!!!!
guess no comment is good   
