d34bc42094ec32b4539a4965cdcb4615
"changes clothes ten times before he takes you on a date; he get the heebie-jeebies, and his panic makes him late  he breaks into a cold sweat reaching for the phone; he lets it ring twice before he chickens out, deciding you're not at home  does everyone look the way i do? i only look this way at you "
: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ttzs1tuterk
": you'd be amazed at how much doodling my emotional bottle from '05 to '10 takes off a guy's chest; feels good, man "
"sure wishes he were from where the women glow, and men plunder   "
"\you fucked it up; you don't even know how to use a damned cell phone!\"" \""it was a shitty cell phone!\"" \""a fucking praying mantis could use that phone!\"""""
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=yumztr56v-e i can't help it, i've been singing it since i woke up!"
"would be my girl; would you be my, be my, be my girl? what can i do? all i want is to be next to you, next to you, next to you!"
talks to her everyday; dreams of her every night 
"i never noticed the size of my feet, 'til i kicked you in the shins  wil you ever forgive me, for the shape i'm in; for the shape i'm in?"
"has no time for the complexities of conversation; no time for smiles, no time for knowing  less time for the intricacies of e playful lanation; no time for caring; even less for showing "
"has called you so many times today, and i guess its all true what your girlfriends say: you don't ever wanna see me again, and your brothers gonna kill me and he's 6 foot 10  i guess you'd call it cowardice, but i'm not prepared to go on like this!"
doesn't have the guts to confront the keeper of the soul cages 
": since you've gone i've been lost without a trace  i dream at night, i can only see your face; i look around but it's you i can't replace  i feel so cold and i long for your embrace  i keep crying, 'baby, baby, please   '"
": i've been down so long, bein' down don't bother me; i'm gonna take all my troubles and drown em in the deep blue sea "
"used to say live and let live; but in this ever changing world in which we live in, makes me give in and cry    live and let die "
"'s options are decreasing mostly rapidly; well you see, he really doesn't think she'd bluff this time; it's plain to see- it's him or me "
": every time i think of you, i'm shocked right through with a bolt of blue; it's no problem of mine, but it's a problem i find- living a lie that i can't leave behind  there's no sense in telling me; the wisdom of a fool won't set you free; but thats the "
"know's that you're in love with him, 'cause i saw you dancin' in the gym  you both kicked off your shoes; man i dig those rhythm and blues "
": oh i've tried before to tell her, of the feelings i have for her in my heart; every time that i come near her, i just lose my nerve as i've done, from the staaaarrrt- every little thing she does is magic, everything she do just turn me on; even though m"
": pretty woman, i couldn't help but see, pretty woman, you look lovely as can be; are you lonely, just like me?"
: kommst du oft hier hin?
wants to love you all over ; ]
wants to love you all over 
wonders if you realize he'd trade his benz in for that bmw if you wanted him to 
": somebody called me, i answered quite slowly; the girl with kaleidoscope eyes   "
": loving you isn't the right thing to do; how can i ever change things that i feel? if i could, maybe i'd give you my world; how can i when you won't take it from me?"
"woke up this morning; don't believe what he saw- hundred billion teeexts, clogging up his phoooone  seems he's gonna have to read theeem allll; hundred billion messages, all without a causssee  he'll send an sms to them all, he'll send an sms to them all;"
doesn't even know what to say anymore  shocking; absolutely shocking 
"built a fortress around your heart  problem is, now he has to watch his tracks in fear of walking on the mines he'd laid "
"misses her lips and the smile on her face; the touch of her hair and this girl's warm embrace; so if you don't want to cry like i do, a-keep away from-a runaround <propfemale>"
wonders will you ever forgive him for the shape hes in?
"won't <propfemale> the world upon his shoulders, for he knows its a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder; too bad he only knows that from e playful erience "
": seems so long i've been waiting; still don't know what for  there's no point escaping; i don't worry anymore  i can't come out to find you, for i don't like to go outside  but i, i don't mind  no i, i don't mind "
probably shouldn't roll up to places with the intro to mellowship slinky in b <propmale> blasting out his windows 
"watches every step that you make, to find some other fool you can take; he doesn't even know why he tries, because it all comes down to this "
"'s love is a flame, that burns in your name; we'll be together, we'll be together tonight "
"never since he knew ya, he wouldn't talk down to ya; he has to tell you just how he feels; he won't share ya with another boy "
's gotta throw away his paper knife; he's not alone in reaching for a perfect life  he's so tired of being the omegaman 
": screw it, we're doing it live!"
"has monday; he could wait til tuesday if he makes up his mind; wednesday will be fine; thursday's on his mind, while friday'd give him time; saturday could wait, but sunday'd be to late "
"sees the stars falling from the dark skies as ancient rocks are turning; quiet fills the room, and your love flows through me  though i lie here so still, i burn for you "
": you can say i've lost my faith in science, and progress  you can say i've lost my belief in the holy church  you can say i've lost my sense of direction  you can say all of this and worse but, if i ever lose my faith in you, there'd be nothing left for "
"wonders if he told you that he loved you, would you think maybe somethings wrong?"
knows it won't be long before he belongs to you 
"wouldn't if he were you; he knows what she can do  she's deadly man, and she could really rip your world apart  mind over matter; the beauty is there, but a beast is in the heart "
"'s feelings for you, were just something he never knew, til he saw the light in your eyes "
"although you're untrue, i'm attracted to you all the more; why do i need you so baby, baby?"
"understands all this 'love is a battlefield' jumbo, and grabbed his body armor and gun, but now he just needs to figure out who he's even fighting for "
doesn't want you to be intimidated by him 
is losing himself on a secret journey 
"knows the neighborhood, and talk is cheap when the story is good, and the tales grow taller on down the line; but i'm telling you, babe, that i don't think it's true, babe "
"wants to thank you girl, for making the morning brighter; girl, for making the night time nicer; girl, for making a better world for me "
it's a triceratops!
", thanks to you we've been able to solve our illegal immigrant problem "
don't wanna talk about the drugs you've taken; don't wanna hear about the love you're making; don't wanna hear about the lives you're faking; don't wanna hear about the monthly rake in 
": so the party's over, <propfemale> is breaking gradually through on us; shows us how we were before  and as i waited for you, we will be together; and as you waited for me, i'll leave you again, never   ever "
": marry him, or marry me; i'm the one that loves you, baby can't you see? i ain't got no future or a family tree, but i know what a <propmale> and lover ought to be "
"is here again in silence, looking round without a clue  i find myself alone again, all alone with you    i can see behind your eyes, the things that i don't know  if you hide away from me, how can our love grow? i want to know, what you're thinking; there are some things you can't hide  i wanna know, what you're feeling; tell me whats on your mind!"
"has this wish before he dies, and it may sound strange; as if my mind were deranged  please don't ask me why, beneath the sweltering sky; i have this strange obsession, and you have the means in your posession  tea in the sahara, with you; tea in the sahara, with you!"
"is breaking his back just to know your name, but thats alright; she always rights the wrong   for me "
tits 
: don't stand; don't stand so; don't stand so close to me!
"can't get to sleep, thinking about the implications   of diving in too deep, and possibly the complications  especially at night, i worry over situations that i know will be alright; it's just overkill "
": seven days will quickly go; the fact remains, i love her so  seven days, so many ways, but i can't run away "
"loves you baby, and if its quite alright, i need you, baby, to warm the lonely night  i love you baby, trusting me when i say: oh pretty baby, don't bring me down, i pray  oh pretty baby, now that i found you, stay, and let me love you, baby, let me love you   "
"sees you've got the look of love; it's on your face  a look that time can't erase  be mine tonight, let this be just the start of so many nights like this  lets take a lovers vow, and then seal it with a kiss "
"doesn't know what it is that makes him love you so, he only knows he never wants to let you go  'cause you've started something, oh can't you see? that ever since we met, you've had a hold on me  it happens to be true, i only want to be with you!"
doesn't know why so many chicks are cooking things i like when i'm away 
"wonders do you believe in love at first sight, or should he walk by again?"
"is gonna love you, til the heavens start to rain; i'm gonna love you, til the stars fall from the sky, on you and i!"
just found out you can purchase a new 'black magic' baseball bat 
"has got to remember to let her into his heart, and then he can start, to make it all better "
thanks you all for a great birthday away from home; it really meant a lot to me 
": o my god you take the biscuit, treating me this way  e playful ecting me to treat you well, no matter what you say  how can i turn the other cheek? it's black and bruised and torn; i've been waiting since the day that i was born  fill it up, fill it up  take the space between us, fill it up some way; take the space between us, fill it up, fill it up!"
"would like to have some tea in the sahara, with you; tea in the sahara, wiiith youu; tea in the sahara, with youuuu      "
playing soccer behind andrews at konosioni field; come if you can 
": when the night has come, and the land is dark, and the <propfemale> is the only light we'll see  no i won't be afraid, no i won't be afraid, just as long as you stand, stand by me "
just charged a linebacker with a cardboard riot shield  smart guy 
loves <propmale> and wants to have his babies 
"thinks for just one day, he will judge people aloud rather than silently  good idea? y n?"
is the spy who loved you 
"'s love is a flame, that burns in your name; we'll be together, we'll be together tonight!"
": you'll remember me, when the west wind moves, upon the fields of barley;  you'll forget the sun, in his jealous sky, when we walk in fields of gold "
couldn't stand another hour of daylight!
"used to be the best time <propmale>, that you couldn't wait to see, but getting old, it takes its toll, and hearts getting broken leads to people growing cold  o i-i-i-i, i'm flipping with a coin that's got a tail on either side; o-i-i-i-i, i'm gonna be the one who makes you stop and realize, you can have it all; we should have it all    i love it when you call, i love it when you call, but you never call at all "
"knows if it wasn't for your misfortunes, he'd be a heavenly person today "
"loves <propfirst>, but wants to have <propmale>'s babies"
doesn't know why so many chicks went apple picking tonight  didn't even pick enough to make me an apple pie; not even good 
"doesn't know what it is that makes me love you so; i only know never want to let you go, cause you started something, oh can't you see? it happens to be true, i only wanna be with you!"
": if you want to call me baby, just go ahead now  and if you want to tell me maybe; just go ahead now  and if you want to buy me flowers, just go ahead now; marry him, or marry me; i'm the one that love you baby, can't you see?"
": how can i help it? how can i help it? how can i help what you think? hello my baby, hello my baby; putting my life on the brink  why don't you like me? why don't you like me?"
": she is everything you want, she is everything you need; she is everything inside of you that you wish you could be  she says all the right things, at exactly the right times, but she means nothing to you, and you don't know why "
"is dancin' in the moonlight; everybody's feelin' warm and right, it's such a fine and natural sight; everybody's dancin' in the moonlight!"
"'ll tell you somethin', i think you'll understand, when i say that somethin', i wanna hold your hand! oh please say to me, you'll let me be your man, and please say to me, you'll let me hold your hand!"
": hey girl, why can't you <propfemale> on? is it 'cause you're like your mother? little tyke, like to tease for fun? well you ain't gonna tease no other; gonna make you a lover "
is better dead than red 
": boom boom boom boom, i want you in my room; let's spend the night together, from now until forever; boom boom boom boom, i want a double boom, let's spend the night together, together in my room!"
"'s got looks that books take pages to tell, got a face to make you fall on your knees, got money in the bank to thank, you guess, you could think he's livin' at ease; his life could be simple, but he never fails to complicate it every time  while you are wondering what to do, he wishes he could be lucky like you "
should probably learn to talk to girls so he can initiate dancing situations  i'm gonna blame it on missing sussudio- by <propmale> collins as my first song 
"pikachu, i choose you!"
"blastoise, activate yourself!"
is buying pokeballs at the pokemart
"<propfemale> is such a bitch, i like <propmale> so much more"
": operation s, commencing in t minus 2 surprise 1 hours"
has had a relatively awkward day 
"wonders what the hell the world has come to; obama? the nobel peace prize? give me a break, he hasn't done <propfirst> about global relations and the war in afghanistan is at an all time high for tension  christ, you might as well have given it to pol pot "
"can't get to sleep, thinking about the complications of falling in too deep; and possibly the complications  especially at night, i worry over situations that i know will be alright; perhaps its just my imagination "
"has tried before to tell her of the feelings he has for her in his heart  every time that he comes near her he just loses his nerve as he's done from the start; every little thing she does is magic, every thing she do just turns me on; even though my life before was tragic, now i know my love for her goes on!"
"misses being slowed down but connecticut state troopers; nothing blocking him into the left <propfirst> except for underpowered toyota prius'; the long stretches of open, but grated, roadway; the jams at the i-95 to i-91 connector; the twang of poorly tuned exhaust on all the japanese import tuners racing on the quinnipiac bridge; he just misses driving   "
"is lost in translation, almost literally "
"could be lost inside their lies, without a trace  but every time i close my eyes, i see your face   "
doesn't think he can remain friends with anyone who just praised the phils 
still hasn't found what he's looking for   
"'s life is a highway; i want to ride it all night long  if you're going my way, i want to drive it all night long!"
"can hardly wait to hold you, feel my arms around you; how long i have waited; waited just to love you   "
"hopes you accept his resignation, for he cannot stand to be part of any club that will accept his membership "
": on second thought, goldeneye 007 for n64 has one of the most bad ass game soundtracks of all time "
": you know you're a cute little heart breaker; you know you're a sweet little love maker; i want to take you home, i won't do you no harm, no; you've got to be mine, all mine- ooh, foxy lady!"
": her name is rio and she dances on the sand, just like that river twisting through a <propfirst> land; and when she shines, she really shows you all she's got; oh rio, rio dance across the rio grande!"
": shuck it, phils  shuck it long, and shuck it hard "
wants to love you all over
"'s got a mellowship; he's got a fellowship; he's got a nonstop \yo swan\"" hello chip!"""
"thinks you're so beautiful, you could be a part-time model; spend part of your time modelling, and the other part, with meeeeee!"
"is so happy, he can't stop crying "
has to re-humanize himself 
is teaching some kids at the local school how to play rugby; hopefully none of my other habits rub off too ; ]
"don't know what it is that makes him love you so; he only knows he never wants to let you go; because you started something, oh can't you see? it happens to be true- he only wants to be with you!"
": here i am again in this mean old town, and you're so far away from me  and where are you when the sun goes down? you're so far away from me; so far i just can't see   "
is way too timid 
has a lot of e playful laining and cleaning up to do 
"has got a wild, wild life "
": boom, boom, boom, boom; i want you in my room; let's spend the night together, together til forever!"
wonders whats wrong with filling the world with silly love songs?
is a bad enough dude to rescue the president 
jug? mick at the library? good night 
": friday's a fu- i mean, formal day "
: mais nous pouvons faire ce que nous voulons; j’aurai toujours faim de <propfemale>
"wants you to have mercy on him, for he is small and frightened and ignorant "
": well, i don't really know her; i only know her name, but she crawls under your skin; you're never quite the same, and now i know, she's got something you just can't trust; its something mysterious; and now i'm falling, falling for her!"
"will follow you; will you follow me? <propmale> the days and nights that we know will be; i will stay with you, will you stay with me? just one single tear, with each passing year   "
is pretty sure his life mirrors either a 'seinfeld' or 'curb your enthusiasm' episode; in one way or another a good day gets an awkward moment   
: sometimes i feel like i don't have a partner 
": you could say i lost my faith in science and progress; you could say i lost my belief in the holy church  you could say i lost my sense of direction; you could say all of this and worse but, if i ever lose my faith in you, there'd be nothing left for me to do   "
": when the world is cold, with no one to hold, i can only see eurasian eyes; if love won’t lie, cause the truth would cry, i can only see eurasian eyes  and if my heart is blind, then why do i find that i can only see eurasian eyes?"
is playing for keeps 
just realized that euthanasia is legal in the netherlands    erm    
is playing pokemon stadium at 12:57 am  my life is awesome 
wonders if anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like? anyone?
can't live with or without you 
"google it; by senior year, i will look just like <propfirst> f  kennedy jr , minus the fact i'll be dead (knocking on some rock <propfemale>) "
": i could leave, but i won't go; though my heart might tell me so  i can't feel a thing from my head down to my toes, so why does it always seem to be-- me looking at you, you looking at me; it's always the same, it's just a shame, that's all "
": is why they created the dancing robot; dancin' all night on a <propfemale> destroyer  groovin' all night; on the dance floor, aboard that <propfemale> destroyer "
": listen to me-- as thick as you are, my words are a matter of pride "
": i could leave, but i won't go; though my heart might tell me so  i can't feel a thing from my head down to my toes, so why does it always seem to be-- me looking at you, you looking at me; it's always the same, it's just a shame, that's all "
"didn't ever think it was possible, but he actually wants you to fail  miserably "
": do the right thing; it will gratify some people, and astonish the rest "
"'s life is a highway; he would ride it all night long, but the <propfemale> and constant construction and repairs conflict with this notion "
is starting to be a little creeped out by facebook's predictive advertising  it's starting to give me ads about things i talk about in person    
"were to tell you that you suffer from delusions, you'd pay your analyst to reach the same conclusions; you live your life like a canary in a coal mine, you get so dizzy even walking in a straight line!"
would much rather be as ignorant as he is now than as jaded as you've become 
just sat back and waved through the daylight 
is at the old ski slope and attempting to come as close to death as possible  doin' it live 
"is certain his life mirrors <propfemale> wars episode iv, v and <propfemale>; i've had success, i've been torn down, and now all i have to do is have some epic battle over the pit of carkoon  in boba fett's armor "
is going to miss <propfemale> takada ofcourse 
"'s dilemma is like trying to pick a mortal kombat character; he kinda wants scorpion, but sub zero is pretty legit himself  hell, they look exactly the same; only differences are their special moves "
"don't wanna hear about the drugs you're taking, don't wanna read about the life you're faking and especially don't want to hear about the love you're making  it's all peanuts to me, babe "
didn't realize just how much he missed the maury show   
": mele kaliki maka, brah "
is simply having a wonderful christmas time!
just realized this is his first lego-less christmas    :  
wouldn't be any more surprised if he woke up with his head sewn to the carpet 
: doesn't know how around the world- atc got stuck in his head 
has got a bad feeling about this 
hasn't felt worse in over 5 years 
doesn't see why not!
ridleyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
"'s life is like a choose your own adventure book; problem is, he spends too much time thinking about the consequences of his decisions rather than actually making them, and suffers tremendously "
": new year's <propfemale> is like <propfemale>ry other night; there is no pause in the march of the universe, no breathless moment of silence among created things that the passage of another twelve months may be noted; and yet no man has quite the same thoughts this <propfemale>ning that come with the coming of darkness on other nights   "
": you bake the rice, and hit it twice!"
"is polite to all, but intimate with few "
": especially at night, i worry over situations that i know will be alright; perhaps it just imagination  day after day, it reappears, and night after night, my heartbeat shows the fear   "
"is gonna be in new york for a while; back wednesday evening, and gonna be with <propfirst> 'til thursday    you all know how to reach me ; ]"
"is not uptight, not unattracted; turn him on tonight, 'cause he's radioactive!"
": having been carlen the good guy, i didn't relish going back to my usual role of carlen the unreliable, emotionally stunted asshole "
"changed his mind; forget the netherlands, forget australia, forget <propfemale>- i'm moving to ibiza "
knows it would be okay on any other day 
": o my god, you take the biscuit, treating me this way; e playful ecting me to treat you well, no matter what you say; how can i turn the other cheek? it's black and bruised and torn!"
is so tired of being the omegaman   
": your love is like bad medicine; bad medicine is what i need! shake it up, just like bad medicine; let's play doctor, babe, cure my disease "
": are you safe miss gradenko? miss gradenko, are you safe? is anybody alive in here? is anybody alive in here? is anybody at all in here? nobdy but us in here, nobody but us   "
appreciates your honesty; you're a real straight shooter   
still hasn't found what he's lookin' for 
is downloading the top 20 songs of 1987; what a geek 
wants you to just watch one episode of curb your enthusiasm; you'll know exactly how i feel every day of my life 
": yo no soy marinero; yo no soy marinero, soy capitan; soy capitan!"
"isn't proud of the fact <propfemale> is stuck in his head  then again, it isn't his fault la isla <propfemale> is so catchy "
never mentioned how much of a moron he could be sometimes 
"holy moly, there's a republican in <propmale> kennedy's old seat; he must be rolling in his grave, considering the special election design in massachusetts was his idea "
": a lot of people think someone muttering to themselves is crazy; i'll tell you whats crazy: walking down the street with half a cantaloupe on your head saying \i'm a hamster\""  now that's crazy """
"can live without love if he wanted to, in this lonely room; but he don't want to, so he leaves it up to you to wash away the blues "
can't dance 
"j-e-t-s, jets, jets, jets!"
": can't you hear that thundah? you better run, better take cover!"
is so tired of being the omegaman 
"wonders how it feels to treat him like you do; if it wasn't for your misfortune, he'd be a heavenly person today "
"oooh, doppelgänger week; post a pic of someone you've been told you look like "
can't e playful lain the feelings plain to me; can't you see?
i'm not posting a picture of <propfirst> cullen  stop asking 
"changes clothes ten times before he takes you on a date; he gets the heebie jeebies, his panic makes him late; he breaks a cold sweat reaching for the phone, he lets it ring twice, before he chickens out, deciding you're not at home  does everyone stare this way at you? he only looks this way towards you!"
: baby give it up 
"http annoyed  www dailymotion com video xayl1_new-order-blue-monday-original-1983_music i am easily intoxicated by gay, euro technobeats  <propfemale> me "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
is a lost man in a lost world 
: mutiny 
really hopes none of his friends knew croatian 
didn't think it would be as hard as it actually is  for science 
: who can it be now?
"may find himself behind the wheel of a large automobile, may find himself in a beautiful house, with a beautiful wife; but he asks himself, how did he get there?"
dear <propfirst> couldn't have been any more depressing; i don't even have any ice cream   
"has determined spiders do in fact sense fear; too big for the vacuum, and just out of reach, it has been staring at him for 30 minutes now, not moving an inch since it's initial blitz  god save us "
":it's a big enough umbrella, but it's always me that ends up getting wet "
: is it strange or abnormal to play the music of goldeneye in my head whenever intense things happen?
"can't reach the bed, so he sleeps on the floor "
": my mind is racing faster every minute; what could i do more, yeah i'm really not sure  i know i'm running circles, but i can't quit- and i'm so confused, about what to do, sometimes i want to throw it all away "
officially hates graffiti; never again will he make one not plugged in to the wall 
": we're just following ancient history; if i strip for you, will you strip for me?"
": operation- ski and snowboard for the first time, commencing in t-minus 12 hours  godspeed "
can't live with or without you 
feels so extraordinary; somethings got a hold on him 
: i hate the movie yes man  it is a mutinous sign 
": the nights are all long; i'm singing this song, to try and make the answers more than maybe  and i'm so confused, about what to do, sometimes i want to throw it all away "
"'ll tell you somethin'; he thinks you'll understand  when he says that somethin', he wants to hold your hand!"
": you know when you dream something that you wish was true but isn't, and then wake up and feel like it actually is? yeah, just happened "
mutiny
": it's the end of our journey; what can i do? lonely together, when i'm alone with you "
"will see light in the darkness; he will make some sense of this  when he's made his secret journey, he will find the love he missed "
: beatles trivia  fml  back who knows when 
": don't you look at me, with your tongue in your cheek "
":but in the ever changing world in which we live in, makes you give in and cry; say live and let die "
": though i could see no logic, there had to be a plan  you answer me with questions; you are a holy man  i will see light in the darkness, i will make some sense of this  i will see joy in this sadness, i will find the love you've missed  and when i've made this secret journey, i too, will be a holy man   "
": don't you believe me, baby? all that i've said to you is true! don't you believe me, baby? it's just that she looked the same as you!"
": look into my eyes, what do you see? i'm the cult of personality  i know your anger, i know your dreams; i've been everything you want to be- i'm the cult of personality!"
: these are not the brews you're looking for   
: sting had it right in 1981 
is tired of the omegaman 
would rather be in the sarlacc than dealing with this 
"has tried before to tell her of the feelings he has for her in his heart; every time he comes near her, he just loses his nerve, as he's done from the start "
: how can i dance with another? when i saw her standing there?
":rien de dormir cette nuit, je veux de <propfemale> jusqu’à ce que je sois sec  mais nos corps sont tous mouillés, complètement couverts de sueur "
is movin' in stereo 
wishes you weren't 0 in 4 
just needed someone to talk to 
": i'll put on my good face, clean up the flat; i'm starting all over, goodbye to all that "
is walking on the <propfemale> 
": i know there are things that certain dreams are supposed to represent, but what about one where you protect a damsel in distress from shelob with a g36?"
"i woke up this morning, oh yes i did  i woke up this morning  with a massive erection"
watched roughly 2 hours of how i met your mother this morning  it's gonna be a long day 
is still the ?megaman 
feels like he fell off the face of the earth without a phone 
": she seems to have an invisible touch; she reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart "
": and here i am, doing everything i can; holding on to what i am, pretending i'm a superman "
is walkin' like a man 
thought he was gonna be a good guy   
has got designer shades just to hide his face 
: it's probably 'cause you think you're cooler than me 
": stars will fall from dark skies, as ancient rocks are turning, quiet fills the room  though i lie here so still, i burn for you "
is just trying to keep the ground on his feet 
": as long as your intentions are pure, the outcome can't be anything but the same  god i love being a virgo "
": even when the darkest clouds are in the sky, you mustn't sigh, and you mustn't cry; spread a little happiness as you go by!"
: it's called a secret attack 
: and all i ever knew; only you 
"'ll save children, but not the british children "
just did yard work for a jewish neighbor on easter sunday  awkward 
must be a murderer because he sure loves to kill time 
: save it for later; don't run away and let me down 
"woke up this mornin', didn't believe what he saw; a hundred billion text messages, cloggin' up his phoooone!"
has gotta stop chasing those west end girls 
": run my name through your computer; mention me in passing to your college tutor  check my records, check my facts; check if i paid my income tax! pore over everything in my c v , but you'll still know nothin' about me "
: you can go your own way 
is a bad enough dude 
"is so close, yet so far away   "
: action is the only cure for fear 
: you give me no reason why you're making me work so hard; baby just give a little respect to me!
has got no heart to lie 
": doctor, doctor, can't you see i'm burnin', burnin'?"
: stay out of my shoes if you know what's good for you 
": don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me!"
": so we're gonna have transparency in trade markets and corporate leadership, but not in our own congress? what a smeagol "
: it's the thought that counts when you're in a relationship; it's the money that matters when you're out of it 
": the one place i hate more than the dmv is the mercedes-benz dealership; all i get are strange looks, the wrong part <propfirst> and a comped $77 keychain "
doesn't even 
": hush, hush; i thought i heard her calling my name now "
": if i follow you, will you follow me?"
": she drives me crazy; like no one else  she drives me crazy, and i can't help myself   "
": maybe i need some rehab, or maybe i just need some sleep   "
": \but master yoda says i should be mindful of the future \"" \""but not at the e playful ense of the moment \"""""
just realized she still has his favorite pants 
": she's just a girl; she's just the girl, that you want "
: i'm sorry but i'm just thinking of the right words to say; i promise  i know they don't sound the way i planned them to be; i promise 
: baby give it up 
: clever girl   
is half the man he used to be 
hasn't had over 4 hours of sleep on average for 6 days now 
": well, how did i get here?"
: <propfirst> is a copycat  just sayin' 
does not enjoy wasting time as much as he used to 
: luck is half of everything 
"realized not only is he going to be adjusting racks for a very long time, but in more ways than one "
is falling apart  literally 
is so tired of being the omegaman 
": it's funny the way it is, if you think about it "
's left eye must not like it's lids too much anymore 
is mr  brightside 
: adventure time!!
"has got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 senses working overtime, trying to take this all in"
": if you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much space "
is burnin' bridges shore to shore 
": don't you tell me what i can do, what i can say; i'm not the one running away "
": the future is so bright, i've gotta wear shades "
": i realize that sometimes, people need to be mutinized  however, i do not like the surplus of mutiny aimed towards me "
": i've seen the future, i can't afford it!"
: fuck it; do it live!
: fuck it; doin' it live!
": to all it may concern, the m frames have shipped  i repeat, the m frames have been shipped "
is going to misquamicut  about damned time 
"'s life is a joke  either a joke, or a ridiculous highway "
: save it for later; don't run away and let me down 
"hasn't slept for three whole weeks, burnin' the midnight oil; my piece of work has reached the stage that sleep can only spoil "
": tu brises mon coeur, la <propfemale> dame sans regrets "
": well i do my best to understand, dear, but you still mystify and i want to know why i pick myself up off the ground to have you knock me back down; again and again when i ask you to e playful lain, you say, \you've got to be cruel to be kind \"""""
": she can kill with a smile, she can wound with her eyes; she can ruin your faith with her causal lies, and she only reveals what she wants you to see "
": why does it always seem to be, me looking at you, you looking at me; it's always the same, it's just a shame, that's all "
doesn't like being treated as a threat all the time 
"v  rhode island, round 2 "
": all along, i was never in doubt; to see the sun and to walk in the sand "
"doesn't look a thing like jesus, but he talks like a gentleman, as you imagined when you were young "
": de do, do, do; de da, da, da "
": and by <propmale> gump, i totally meant to say eclipse "
": despite the controversial rumors spreading around, no, i am not invincible "
just found a bag under his mattress full of foreign money  wtf 
": oh i'll show you, do it live; i'll do it the livest its ever been done!"
: laten we gaan nederland!
: spain has made no significant contribution to world society in the past 500 years 
": it's the man who's always waiting for his ship to come in, that always misses the boat "
": without a noise, without my pride, i reach out from the inside; in your eyes "
": when i want to run away, i drive off in my car; but whichever way i go, i come back to the place you are "
": who's the more foolish; the fool, or the fool who follows him?"
doesn't know if the past couple of weeks have been a godsend or a hellish endurance match  the addition of another week tends to make me believe it's the latter 
": pick me up, put me down; put my feet back on the ground "
": yesterday, love was such an easy game to play "
"i like big butts and i cannot lie  you other brothers can't deny, that when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and a round thang in your face you get            "
": one, two princes kneel before you, that's what i said now; princes, princes who adore you, just go ahead now!"
": all things fall apart, but why do i have to be the one to sort out the pieces?"
: every silver lining's got a touch of grey 
": you'll never change her, so leave it, leave it; get out quick 'cause seein' is believin' "
": say anything, but don't say goodnight, tonight "
": millions of peaches, peaches for me; millions of peaches, peaches for free! look out!"
": when life gives you lemons, squeeze them into your enemies eyes "
": i parlor my tricks; i hope that you like this, but you probably won't, you think you're cooler than me "
": the grabbing hands grab all they can, all for themselves, afterall  it's a competitive world; everything counts in large amounts "
": and babe, don't you know it's a pity, that the days can't be like the nights, in the summer, in the city "
is a silly goose and doesn't deserve to live 
: why don't they do what they say? say what they mean? one thing leads to another 
: s t a r sssssssss     
: no one knew my real birthday  cool beans 
": why not use your mentality- get up, wake up to reality? and each time i do, just the thought of you makes me stop just before i begin, cause i've got you under my skin; and i like you under my skin "
": if you're pickin' and choosin', yeah playin' it cool  well ya wind up losin'; i'm no fool!"
: never forgive; never forget 
": don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me!"
": she seems to have an invisible touch; she reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart "
": has had enough shark, ghost and love stories for one night "
: this [thing] is chess; it ain't checkers!
: looks like we're going to have to do this the old fashioned way; the old fashioned way that nobody knows 
: it don't take no sherlock holmes to see it's a little different around here 
": call me mr  raider, call me mr  vain  call me mr  wrong, call me insane  i know what i want, and i want it now "
: metal gear    but why   
: now if i tell you that you suffer from delusion; you pay your analyst to reach the same conclusion  you live your life like a canary in a coal mine; you get so dizzy even walking in a straight line!
: tell me am i getting in too deep? every night i’m talking in my sleep  lately i am so confused; i don't know what to do 
was shocked right through with a bolt of blue 
": if <propfemale> doesn't hit you, i will "
couldn't even die right 
": mirror in the bathroom, please talk free  the door is locked; just you and me "
": you could say i've lost my faith in science, and progress  you could say i've lost my belief in the holy church  you could say i've lost my sense of a direction "
: might makes right!
": you got it made with the guy in shades, oh no!"
: i thought i heard a girl's name; but that kid looks like a boy 
": nobody's gonna slow me down, oh no; i've got to keep on moving "
: at the koopa cabana
"isn't into fighting, chasing, sweating, slaving, fretting, racing; any waste of effort isn't part of his design "
": go west, young man "
is livin' in a material world 
": i feel fine, i feel good; i'm feeling like i never should  whenever i get this way, i just don't know what to say; why can't we be ourselves like we were yesterday?"
"and the heavens will be a big heaven, and i will walk through the front door "
is now officially a registered voter  i won't troll you with my political affiliation 
is the road warriah 
": every time i see you falling, i get down on my knees and pray; i'm waiting for that final moment you'll say the words that i can't say "
is the ?-man 
": it's a knockout; if looks could kill, they probably will, in games without frontiers- war without tears "
": when i call, love plus one "
 playful ass the dutchie up on the left hand side!
: <propfemale> arbor is getting rimmed 
rim love 
"i mean, i guess i like staying in state college, <propfemale> longer than i needed "
": she drives me crazy, like no one else "
"is a menace from society, a boy on the hood "
is quite contented to take his chances against the guildenstern's and rosencrantzes 
: i can't feel a thing from my head down to my toes 
: the things i do for love amaze me sometimes 
": it's the end of our journey; what can i do? lonely together, when i'm alone with you "
: might makes right!
: where's your head at?!
: every obstacle presents an opportunity to improve our condition 
isn't one to show weakness in the face of impulse 
: why don't you do what you say; say what you mean?
": the place where i come from is a small town; they think so small, they use small words  but not me! i'm smarter than that; i worked it out! i'll be stretching my mouth to let those big words come right out!"
has a real bad habit of cutting off his nose to spite his face 
the one pro to having an inoperable automatic antenna is that you don't have to hear christmas music nearly as much as others 
hold the baby like momma!
: pray not for easier lives; pray to be stronger men 
": even though i am better than you, i am not "
doesn't look twice 'cause he moves sooooooo fast!
: is the world's forgotten boy; the one who searches and destroys 
's newtype senses are tingling 
would like to get to know ya well 
is the ?megaman 
is like a bad day; he always turns up 
": first class and fancy free, she's high society "
: you can't get me; i'm ungettable!
: my newtype abilities are awakening 
trolololololo
: has become dirty at bowling again 
: likes big butts and he cannot lie 
 laugh on't want to talk; all i hear is noise!
: you can't get me; i'm ungettable!
: you have to become what your fans see 
": connecticut, as much as i love you and all of your yankee constituents, it is time for me to move on to smaller, more educational forums  and by educational, i mean entertaining "
": keep the change, ya filthy animal "
: it's a competitive world; everything counts in large amounts 
j!-e!-t!-s!; jets! jets! jets!
: is the mirror man 
: can't get no satisfaction!
": you're so beautiful, you could be a part-time model "
": you got it made with the guy in shades, oh no!"
: the cactus    it's blooming 
": protip- as cool as it sounds, don't tackle an icicle larger than you  the consequences will never be the same "
", lets do it!"
": at the copa, copacabanaaaaaaaaa         "
: just realized <propfirst>'s day also happens to be a jug night 
: research for my case study into why girls are inherently bitchy to one another has officially begun  something tells me this is only the introduction to my multi-volume magnum opus 
: your innocent eyes as yet have no idea of the path your <propfemale> will follow 
": for future reference, practicing quarters in the house is frowned upon by the general community  sorry for trying to go pro "
: ain't never gonna fall for modern love 
: so bored that learning how to crochet seems like a riveting e playful erience 
: who's under who is none of your concern 
": \i wanted to be a chimp whisperer   \"" - ¡amanda griffiths"""
": \i wanted to be a chimp whisperer   \"" - <propfemale> griffiths"""
: pretending to have written that paper on the souls of black folk will not be sufficient 
: show me everything; tell me how!
": loves him some \white lovers\""!"""
: 4 surprise 0am antiquing: dubstep edition with <propfirst> primps and takada <propfemale>
: it's official; return of the <propmale> 
: that girl is poison 
"\keep giving me information about iraq and i'll keep playing footsies with you!\"" -<propfemale> griffiths"""
: so who's in connecticut this week?
: i'm only a shot away from you 
has the endurance of a paladin 
": \women are going to want to play on you    like a jungle gym \"""""
: can't shake the disease 
": \i don't know if i should study for stats or go to the jug   \"" -<propfemale> homan"""
": i get knocked down, but i get up again; you're never gonna keep me down!"
: i ain't jumping a shark this time 
": \   are you listening to <propfemale> crow?\"" -<propfirst> primps"""
": \never bet on a pair of threes \"" words to live by """
": i've been awake so long, when i read 'click here', i actually see '<propmale> here', and question the webpage i'm on before recognizing that i am just completely sleep deprived "
": can someone e playful lain to me how a <propfemale> managed to make it to the top 6 in <propfemale>'s next top model, or why i believe she is the best one in the running?"
": \fratstar-buddhism--that's how i'm gonna raise my kids \"" -¡drew primps"""
: test your might 
": keep it simple, 'cause it's all about the <propfemale> "
": kuwabara, kuwabara   "
"late night \casual cardio\"" with takada <propfemale>"""
": little known fact- hitler was actually black, and had psoriasis on his upper lip "
: casual car talk with townies at utica st  with @takada <propfemale>
so you mean to tell me hitler and osama bin laden were announced dead on the same day? #trippinballs
: good first impressions; <propmale> pop in a <propmale> car picking someone up  awkward 
": it's nights like tonight that make me contemplate enlisting in the french foreign legion  i honestly do not want to compare du bois or <propmale> anymore than i want french citizenship, but getting a new name and touring sub-saharan africa doesn't sound so bad "
": don't worry, <propfirst>y <propfirst> will get you through the cram sesh "
: building bridges—not walls 
": don't know much, but i know enough "
: i need a brand new drug 
": based entirely on my sleeping pattern, i should be living in <propfirst>, australia "
": gotta bad case of wanderlust, people "
": mr  mcclery's speech on courtship- \boys dont make passes   on girls with big asses \"""""
": baby, it ain't over 'til it's over "
: i'm here darling to enjoy the party!
": don't you tell me what i can do, what i can say; i'm not the one running away "
": hey kano, eat your heart out  errr, 'rip' your heart out "
": i take it back; so close, yet so far away "
": i'm just running in the 90's, it's a new way to set you free"
": \you gotta admire her; when she sets her mind to something-\""\""its not her mind youre admiring \""\""   true \"""""
": it's gonna take time, a whole lotta precious time "
just witnessed his first drive by and police response 
":if you call my name out loud, do you suppose that i would come running? do you suppose i'd come at all?"
": accident, 15 mile delay  there better be blood  and a smashed volvo "
": what about \breakfast at tiffany's\""?"""
": note to self, volkswagen jettas look like garbage after rearending a mercedes-benz e-klasse "
: that prozac is turning me into a caring human-being-- and they said there weren't any harmful side effects 
: so    anyone want help building an ark?
: never thought i'd receive a 45 minute peptalk with valuable relationship advice from a 7-year-old girl 
": it's hard to say it, i hate to say it- but it's probably me "
: pretty sure <propfirst> <propfirst> wrote the soundtrack to my life 
: sledgehammah 
": so, tell me what ya want- what you really, really want!"
i dont wanna lose your rim tonight   
: am i the only person under 20 at <propmale> <propfirst> and the news for the pga tour voluntarily?
: we now know why people join the club 
: someone want to meet me in misquamicut? i can only stay entertained by screaming children alone for so long 
: love is like a high prison wall; you could leave me standing so tall 
"hit with a <propmale> and your to blame, smeagol you give rims a bad name"
: prison doesn't look like a bad option right about now 
: i want a brand new drug 
": i have seen the others, and i have discovered that this fight is not worth fighting "
: no man is an island 
: i'm so tired; i'm the omegaman 
: pretty sure i was high while changing the transmission cooler lines in my car  protip: liquid wrench makes the world spinnnnn
": i still belong, don't get me wrong; you can speak your mind, but not on my time!"
": mutiny me once, shame on me; mutiny me twice    shame on me "
:getting out of work early? priceless  being stuck on a closed interstate for god knows how long? mutinous 
: surrounded by 718s  life is good 
" annoyed you are hereby ordered by the country club of fairfield ethics committee to eternal rimnation \"""""
: third times the charm 
is crescent fresh 
" annoyed i tried to do a kick flip   \"""""
": you bake the rice, and hit it twice "
": eh, it's probably me "
": she drives me crazy, like no one else *oooh, oooh* *sick guitar solo*"
: livin' la <propfemale> loca  con mastadoo and <propfirst> 
: only i would be washing my car in a thunderstorm 
": \have a glass of milk  healthy for you  high in calcium; protein  good for the eyes \"""""
: the lack of electricity is disturbing  moreso is the consequential lack of hot water 
: still no power-- lets go marathon pro for 60 full hours then!
": alright    lets try for under 96 hours? please? or someone text me with something to do  if you're in ct and need an apocalypse companion, who better?"
to everyone who wished me a happy birthday: thanks  to everyone who thought about posting but didn't because they feel they don't know me well enough to do so: you're probably right; thanks for your concern  to everyone who didn't because they don't care anymore: <propmale> collins is the man  after sting 
": brb, getting my pilot's license "
adf
": after being spewed with foamy, viscous hydraulic oil head to toe, i may have had the single most fulfilling shower of my life  even more so than after a muddy rugby practice "
": \a shining new <propfemale> is tiptoeing nearer\"" - scar"""
"this is a diddle that can't be undid, home skillet "
