c68dfd58bcd999729a86854d18f8d332
"yeah, you'll have that "
the trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt    
everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves   think about it
wake up and face me don't play dead 'cause maybe someday i will walk away and say you disappoint me maybe you're better off this way     
that's my story and i'm sticking to it     the end
there are so many things that are overrated   working everyday is one of them~
anarchy   necessary or just a good part of life?
you're looking at me like i'm going about this all wrong   is that what your face is doing right now?
what's at the top of my list of things that are just unnecessary? ignorance
"<propfirst> lennon was a born enemy of those who control the united states, which i always say was admirable  lennon came to represent life, while mr  nixon    and mr  bush    represent death ~ gore vidal, the us vs <propfirst> lennon"
"anarchism has but one infallible, unchangeable motto, 'freedom ' freedom to discover any truth, freedom to develop, to live naturally and fully   i love this definition"
this is what i heard people not saying all day: sounds like someone's got a case of the mondays!
there are no words for this moment except     welcome to miami!
"aaaannnnnddddd     back to michigan, sigh"
"so i'm going to check out this little thing going on downtown, called blues fest   anyone heard of it lol"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes yesterday    it meant a lot smile 
who wants to be fired off out of a job cannon into jobland where jobs grow on jobees lol    
sometimes you really have to believe that its never too late~
"i'm more than just a little curious, how you're planning on going about making your amends   "
i love you   and i want to put you in flames!
the lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters   
what's the point of thinking about tomorrow when time always goes too fast?
"no matter where you go or what you do, you live your entire life within the confines of your head "
"rock on the range 2011   i'm there, who's going with me?"
"ice, slush, snow     i could've sworn it was supposed to be 70 degrees and <propfemale>!"
"who has two thumbs and is going to see phish in june on a three day tour? yep, this girl!"
