9aa50d707982f44caf0b8fb245770a4c
"my little buttercup has the sweetest smile dear little buttercup, won't you stay awhile come with me where moonbeams paint the sky and you and i might linger in the sweet by and by, oh    dear little buttercup, with your eyes so blue oh little buttercup, you' re a dream come true you and i will settle down in a cottage built for two oh, dear little buttercup, i love you    everybody!"
no one is helping me sing my little buttercup  fail 
is going to seattle tomorrow  coming back sunday  don't miss me too much!
is sunburnt  it hurts 
school admins and such dont even know what they are doing  at all 
is excited for half days till sept  21st! and half days ever friday!
i'm a goofy goober!!
why so much homework?!
is done with men  you guys suck 
you men still suck 
people are going crazy over this mormal thing  i do not like it 
is tired of homework  and im not even half done  completely dreading winter quarter     
w w t w t d ?
wants a <propmale>  suprised at how much she liked the movie  actually going to have to read the books now     darn 
"<propmale>: i bought this in a muggle shop! muggles wear them! ministy official: muggle women wear them, <propmale>, not the men  they wear these  <propmale>: i'm not putting them on! i like a healthy breeze round my privates, thanks! ministry official: ugh     "
does it ever get easier?
why are guys and girls so different? im starting to think that something is extremely wrong  i just dont see how the genders go together    
is ready for a change  not a real big one though    
is ready for christmas to be over  humbug!
boys are dumb 
wants to relax 
needs more time!!!
i've been working all week  i'm tired and i don't want to sleep and i want to have fun  it's time for a good time 
i am tired of school 
i just got 90% on my psychology test!!! be proud!
has anybody ever heard of the national youth leadership forum on medicine? they sent me a letter    well they sent it to my parents  it says i've been nominated to attend whatever it is in <propmale>  i would love to know whatever you guys know about it!
is off to read her psychology chapter of the weeeek!
dear heart: sorry for all the skipped beats and the breaking lately  i'm not the one to blame  it's all his fault 
just got 98% on her psychology test!!!!
"is getting sick of \we should <propfemale> out \"" it never happens  she is also getting sick of waiting on a certain someone to miss his \""real\"" friends enough to actually <propfemale> out with them  wouldn't that be a sight! she's thinking about just not waiting anymore  too bad she's such a softie on the inside    deep inside   """
"i think it's funny how you guys are all like \time for homework\"" and i only got out of bed 2 hours ago    yay for no homework!!"""
is just absolutely loving how nothing changed    
is tired of school  and life; mostly because i don't have one though   
"doesn't want to go to school tomorrow  it's getting old  and yet, i still have like at least 5 more years of it  nonsense!"
is ready to be the girl she used to be again 
is seriously sick of school 
wants someone to cuddle with  besides her pets 
had an awkward moment with <propfirst> and <propfirst> <propfemale> after school today    he    he talked to us! that fiend!
we're men! (manly men!) we're men in tights!
why would god do this to girls?!
"registered for fall 2010  closer than she thought she was to her 2 year degree! sadly won't graduate high school with it, though "
"if you wanna make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and then make a change  - <propfirst> <propmale> (or whoever wrote his songs    )"
"is trying to paint her nails  she's failing, to say the least "
"had a fun day doing her spanish project with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and zach! i'm just not sure what to do with the makeup     i'm pretty much a masterpiece right now (thanks to zach), and i don't wanna ruin it  on the other hand, <propfemale> and i keep on missing each other     "
how do i always always always end up saying the wrong thing?!
why are people so cunfusing?!?
i just don't even understand people  they drive me insane  i give up 
is ready for summer  right now  c'mon  hurry  i do believe i deserve a break after the year that i've had    
"okay  so i didn't send out \free ipad giveaway\"" messages  i'm sorry to whoever got them! i'm not sure where they came from    """
graduation was fun! even though it wasn't mine     sad  oh well  i'm glad i went  and i need more fun! facebook friends: this is for you! get me out and having fun! after the 17th (that's my last final at cbc)  do it!
"so we're talking  he wants it to be about him, then about me  he throws a complete bf about it  so i give it to him  then after we talk about him, he leaves  wtf?! guys say girls are confusing, but they need to look in the freaking mirror!! i seriously do not understand guys!"
tomorrow is my last day at rhs for this year!!!
i'm way excited!! (too bad i still have an essay due tomorrow   )
never again!!!!!
okay     so there's this boy     
i finished chapter three in government last night! this morning     last night? i finished chapter 3 at one in the morning!
i just finished chapter 4 in government!!!!
just finished chapter 5 in government!!!!! i sleep now!
i am halfway done with summer school!! yay!
i never thought that i would say this     but     i like the movies waaay more than i am ever going to like the books!
yesterday = epic fail  people are stupid and i don't understand them  enough said 
i'm seriously considering the possibility that i imagined all of my friends up  they've seemed to disappeared     thanks guys  i love you too 
well don't i feel loved?
"was somewhat sad  then she realized that she shouldn't spend so much time and energy and caring on people that just don't care about her  she quits  good luck pretending to make up for this one, guys  (and this is not intended for <propfemale>, <propfemale>, alaire or <propfemale> [whos name should have a q in it  embrace the q!]  i love you four!)"
"so now, after thinking it over, i just want to know why "
"maybe i'm letting this get to me way to much, but it hurts  especially since we were friends since the fifth grade and longer  i wish i understood people   annoyed "
i want you guys to be honest with me  brutally honest  am i seriously so uncool that half of my friends don't even want to <propfemale> out with me?
"i am done with summer school!!!!!!!!!!!!! i just have to check in once next week to make sure everything is squared away, and then i'm free!!!"
what do i want for my birthday?
"i'll be out of my mind, and you'll be out of ideas pretty soon, so let's spend the afternoon in a cold hot air balloon"
thank you for all th birthday wishes! you guys are so sweet!
i love rainbow cake!!
"so i've come to the realization that i will never understand people  never  and i think i'll be very happy with my 10 cats  and 3 dogs  maybe a couple of fish, too   "
"after everything, i think i'm pretty okay with my life now  i just wish that others would realize that it is, in fact, my life    i don't need nor want their approval or permission  they should get that through their thick skulls   wink "
"and i just can't keep living this way | so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage | i'm standing up, i'm a face my demons | i'm manning up, i'm a hold my ground | i've had enough, now i'm so fed up | time to put my life back together right now!"
"so  first two days at school, and he didn't even look at me  at all  walked right past me, too  i really didn't want to believe that our friendship was over, but now there's no denying it  why do things end like this?"
i was really disappointed in hanford the other night      my cousins said they were better than that!
is freaking out again    
i just absolutely love writing!!!
i just absolutely hate school!!!
i love posting things when people think it's <propfemale>!
"i hate how, because i'm 17, no one thinks i can make my own decisions  this is a <propmale> one, i'll admit that  but i know what i want  why do they think that they can run my life for me?"
"it's not even october yet, and i'm already sick of school "
i am now registered for the sat  i'm kind of scared for it 
<propfirst> told me that we're a ninth of the way through this school year  wooo 
i wish my friends were better  or that i had better friends   indecision 
put my two favorite senior pictures up! go tell me which one to put on the yearbook! please?
halloween fails this year  what a disappointment 
i can't wait for christmas break     i need time to work on my stories  i've been neglecting them 
"seniors failed  i sat there, freezing, for the whole game  i'm quite disappointed "
i bought this in a muggle shop! muggles wear them!
the soul never thinks without a picture  - aristotle
pre-calculus is ruining my life 
i want more snow! i want to go sledding again    
it's snowing!!!!! we are so going sledding soon!!
imagination is more powerful than knowledge  - <propfirst> einstein
<propfemale>!
"i think last night was a success! but next time, we're going potluck style!"
school ruins my life  but knitting helps put it back together  smile 
i love having fun with friends  smile 
i hate christmas 
"so, i know i complain (a lot), and i know they are a bit crazy, but at the end of the day     i love my family  smile "
i want you all to know thy it sucks to be the only one trying   sad 
i just cried for dobby 
school? yeah  officially my enemy 
"katara to aang (while zuko's attacking kyoshi island): it's not your fault!\my dad: it is your fault, because you're the avatar   \\win   smile "
mouse traps got me thinking     is disney world a people trap made by <propfirst> mouse?
"you make my frown turn upside down, and now my worries are gone  smile "
"right now, i hate my life   sad "
"i think i'm despairing right now     homework is terrible, especially when i've been doing the same assignment the whole weekend because that's just how long it is, and i still have three other assignments   sad "
my skull's so full it's tearing me apart!!
that boy is a monster    
"you can whistle really loud, you know that?"
so    i just lost a spider in my room and now i can't sleep    
you- you fiendish chain you!
this is so not worth it 
"<propfemale>, get out of my laboratory!"
"someday, i'll be a knight "
i wish i had friends 
"you have been weighed; \you have been measured; \and you absolutely have been found wanting  welcome to the new world  god save you, if it is right that he should do so "
i'm tired of 5-7 <propfemale> papers 
you're going to need a bigger boat 
it's party time! excellent!
i hate being sick 
"i really hate how no one tells me anything, and then i find out through facebook "
i'm ready for summer 
i really hate not knowing what to do 
i have absolutely no motivation to do all my pre-calc homework  none  i seriously want to drop it 
you dare use my own spells against me?
officially out of pre-calc!!!!!! happiest day of my life!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
learned how to purl! i'm a happy girl!
"big smile, like you mean it  smile "
so  why does monday have a morning?
"you make me feel stuffed    with feelings! \\plus, i don't need to unbutton my pants!"
after running start: 6 classes till my two year degree!!!!!! super excited!!!
"i'm so sick of being so serious \it's makin' my brain delirious"
i hate how i have no life 
"if i had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense "
curse you for breathin' ya slack-jawed idiot!
you owe me a dance
i officially hate my life more than ever 
i have no plans to eat anyone 
are you staring at me or her? 'cause you're starting to freak me out 
have you any idea why a <propfemale> is like a writing desk?
welcome to the war 
100 days (including weekends) til graduation!!!
i hate it here 
it was the best 30 seconds of my life!  smile 
get off my plane 
did you just hit me in my neck with a toothpaste cap?
"is there like, a point system? or is it    to the death?"
"twinkle twinkle little bat   \how i wonder where you're at   "
rise and shine! it's butt whipping time!
now that is a very sensitive subject 
i wish i knew how to futterwacken 
so get your knees flexing and your arms t-rexing and then creep! do the creep!
"my horoscope says \someone will recommend a good book today \"" <propfemale>'s coming over soon to lend me a book  hah """
"don't be a drag, just be a <propfemale>"
excellent notion!
i got a job (finally)!!!!!!!
just watched <propfirst> and the giant peach  i really want a peach now   
i am the shadow on the <propfemale> at night   filling your dreams to the brim with fright!
"rip <propfemale>  march 17th, 2011  6:52 pm "
