aac9a5c1182cab9fe99f790a9be132d1
"wards!  finally they are done (aside from editing and balancing, looks at <propfemale> for the former)   now to figure out what to do next, thinkin' summoning        "
idiotic donation of the week!  box of 6 unused car seat head rests   you'd think they'd come in packs of 2 instead of 6       
"in this e playful erement, we'll be using one household item famous for its iron content   can you work out what it is?  correct   champagne "
"has realized every sentince in dr  <propmale> <propfirst> ends with ?, !, or      "
needs a serious minded name for a wized gnome        
"has just seen the most impressive sparrow ever   ended up in our warehouse in the rafters (which would be about the top of a 2nd floor of a house from the ground)   couldn't get the damned thing out   tried spooking it by throwing things near it to flush it out the loading docks, a baseball hit not 6 inches from it and the thing didn't even flintch      i'm in awe "
summer flu   brutal 
"well, two classes done 19ish to go, now for the beast of elemental magic      "
"finally, the first chapter (well, the prelude) of my story is officially finished, with the help of <propfemale> "
mustachelessness   it takes a bit of getting used to 
finally chapter 2 done!  <shutter > time to start hunting for spelling errors 
"who in the world donates a dvd of \flesh gordan\""         goes into the top 5 creepy things donated      """
wooot first four levels of the elemental magic writing done   just the last four   and the other four levels   eightway done!
\this was only one of the many occasions on which i met my death   everyone who had a talent for it lives happily ever \,aac9a5c1182cab9fe99f790a9be132d1,most insane donation ever   bullet proof vest   you know crimes getting bad when they start giving them to <propfemale> 
"reinstalling windows, good time   oh, wait     "
"i told pandora once that i liked devil went down to <propfemale>, and now it plays country songs every seventh song ><"
"after much thinking and deliberation, balancing the factors and values, i've figured out genoni is the best character in the show "
"it seems we're at an impasse here, maybe we should compromise   you open up that door, and we'll come inside and eat your brains "
woot!  finally beat the infernal campaign of heroes v!  ridiculously hard ><
"why is it that when i look at a clock, people give me the date?"
"huzzah!  happy 42nd binary day!  awesome on two levels!  (also, happy 48rd binary day tomorrow!)"
"panting like mad, two models in two days, hopefully 7 more by the end of this week "
"after a two month hiatus, finally back to writing!"
"the ninja's are deadly and silent   they speak japanese and do whatever they please   and if you'd take off their masks, they'd be smilin' "
"two units and half a shredder finished in a day, not bad speed "
"level 1 to cain, 4 rares as an assassin, in under an hour, still got the touch "
"has realized the second best episode of cowboy bebop is sympathy for the devil, and has no idea why that's the case "
why are all earth elemental spells dull as their subject matter?
"the document also suggests that taking steps to prevent the earth from \becoming completely unlivable should, for the moment, take precedence \over tasks that do not do that "
"okay, so listen   there's this chamber of wood, see   and his wife - you know, her -, tells the tree       cause you gotta wait!  then i says, that might work against him, but if you think i'm gonna pay for this       you       um       yeah!"
weeeeeee insomina!
"has come to realize that any point being made, is more lasting if a head e playful lodes while making that point "
"cap' rengrave and warmongers, finally getting headway on my painting log "
reverent pirate crew done!  now to prime up my next batch 
"has boston store coupons   naturally i'll never use them, anyone want them?"
hmmmm finger super glued to the bottom of an unsealable bag of sand   this can only end in one way      
is out of primed stuff to paint   sad times 
digging volvos out of snow is less fun then it sounds 
ba weep gra na weep ninny bon!
brownies; the best way to start a day of work 
and so what's the real lesson here?  don't leave food in the fridge 
"rip <propfemale>, we hardly knew ye "
"sweet holy beejeezue, heroquest barbarian quest pack!"
writing is a lot harder when you can't come up with anything for characters to do      
tourny done!  2-3 isn't shabby   back to proving people i've never met wrong on the interwebs 
"true simplicity requires heaps of fine tuned, well thought out method "
"phones out of commission for a bit, e-mail or use this thing to get a hold of me "
"insomina, weeeeeeeee"
finally get to sleep and what happens?  sleep through alarms   24 years you'd think i'd get this sleeping thing down   basics are always the hardest to learn i guess 
i think i have to try to play diablo 1 again      
"after re-playing d1, i recall what makes a horror game   the unavoidable knowledge anything can kill you given 5 seconds "
forgot how brutal the first diablo fight is      
"man, for a second there, i thought t-rex was in a different pose for frame 5 and all was wrong with the world "
good god movement in games with uneven time pacing between characters is awful to make rules for 
"took all night, but ten and a half models done!"
"note to self, don't show up to work, get a raise!  i'm not sure how that works, but apparently it does "
four unique items in twenty minutes   gotta be some kind of record 
"weeeee first commission painting!  of course, it had to include something awful like assembling nyss hunters "
reinstalling windows   first song to play once pandora is running?  the gates   some times it reads minds 
odd item of the week; beautiful chinese tea set boxed with packaging of a sweatshop of unhappy chinese men making tea sets   irony unending 
"bosun down, four to go "
"of all the things i've lost, i think a car is the hardest to find again "
"huzzah for fate intervening to help fix my problems after fate intervened to fuck it up in the first place   now to fix a shitty battery, leaking radiator and leaking tire!"
"really not my week, stolen car and nearly crushed by 200ish pounds of computers   some times i wonder if the world is trying to tell me something, and i'm pretty sure it's saying \fuck you\"" """
"two models in two days, lets see if i can double that to two models in one day "
"they look like poo, but done "
"wee, nyss hunters done 3 days before my estimate "
never watch bebop or champloo while hungry      
how in the bloody hell did i not figure out the thought to use original attack values as a form of proc until just now?
