7f409855a194b1b987803cc274a39720
happy new year!!!
is chilling out today watching movies 
i'm going to tear up some mexican chicken tonight!!!
headed to the neighborhood park for the annual 4th of july picnic  free food here i come! happy 4th of july everyone 
"had a great weekend! my son went home tonight, but he comes back next week until the end of the summer  can't wait!"
"getting ready to do my <propfemale> michaels exercises for the day   in other words, i'm about to exhaust myself!"
finally done with my exercises and a 3 mile walk  i'm going to hit the rack  have a good night everyone 
"is reading \an american hedge fund\"""""
cleaning house today from top to bottom
making lunch then it's off to the pool!
is getting ready to go out and eat mexican with my <propmale> <propmale>!
saw <propmale> potter and the half-blood <propmale>
is laying out by the pool 
getting ready to watch big brother!!!
is watching yes man 
going to el porton tonight with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
rented knowing 
is watching the 2009 series of world poker 
is working out 
is headed to wild river country for the day!!!
"is hitting the weights during lunch, so i won't have to worry about it after work "
is sipping on prosecco campaign and smoking a cigar on the porch 
"went to el chico, now i'm stuffed to the gills!"
to everyone on my friends list-if you know anyone who wants or a very cute puppy <propfemale> has seven more  let me know and i will get you her info so you can take one home before they are all gone 
"<propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, the other <propmale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> are all going to the <propmale> library today! it's free to get in, free snacks and a magic show every hour for the kids, it should be fun!!"
is headed to a pool party with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised what people remember about you "
is done slamming the weights  now it's time to go running!
i'm off to work  i hope everyone has a great day!
<propmale> and <propfemale> are going to go see the goods!
today is <propfirst>' first day in the eighth grade! i hope he has a good one 
going over to <propfemale>'s to eat some red <propfemale> cake!!  yum!!!!!!!
wishes he could sleep!
i lost all my music and videos when my computer suddenly crashed on me a couple of months ago  i finally downloaded limewire and now it's time to start over 
tgif!
is headed to shreveport this weekend  i hope everyone has a great weekend 
is eating homemade chocolate chip mint ice cream  this stuff is so good!
headed back to little rock  had a great in shreveport! curious to see how everyone else's weekend went  please post your replies here 
"home at last! time to eat, workout then it's big brother!"
pulled a muscle in my hip while running last night  this sucks!!
got out of work early in time for the long weekend  i'm going to go take a short nap    didn't get much sleep last night!
is reading club dead
taking <propfemale> in to have her stitches removed  she is not happy being locked in the pet carrier 
has started his nightly workout 
is watching the world series of poker 
is glad to finally be home!!!!
<propfemale> and i are going out to eat with <propfirst> and <propfemale> at chili's  i haven't been to chili's in forever!!!
is home sick today    sad 
is cleaning house today!
today is the last day of summer   sad 
had fun playing darts tonight!!!
i'm starting my nightly workout  looking forward to running in this cooler weather!!!
i hope everyone has a great day!!
i love this rainy weather  i just wish i could have taken a nap today 
"when i got home from work, i finally got to put the buckeye tree in the ground that i bought on friday  <propfemale> and i also started doing the fall de-weeding in the flower beds  i'm resurrecting the beds next year and turning them into butterfly gardens "
this is the first beautiful day we've had in a while 
tonight is darts night!!! we are up against a very good team  it's going to be a short night tonight 
today is <propfirst>' 14th birthday  hard to believe he is a full blown teenager now  taking him to playtime pizza for his party tonight  he and i are going to dominate everyone in laser tag!!
the rain is finally suppose is ease up on friday 
is eating dam goode pies!
is looking forward to going to the schaefer's corn maze in mayflower for the day 
today is going to be a great day! i can feel it!
my teeth whitening trays and bleach came in today  i just picked them up from the dentist's office!
headed to bed  good night everyone 
tgif!!!
is getting ready to start cleaning out the garage  agh!
is looking forawrd to going to the torchure chamber tonight 
the torchure chamber was awesome! i highly recommend it for anyone that goes to haunted houses 
"<propfemale> and i are going over to my <propmale> <propmale>'s halloween get together tonight  since she is working late, we will probably hit it as soon as she gets off work "
"i woke up this morning and found my son's <propmale> size water bed lea<propmale>  nice! i'm draining it now, then it's off to get a new liner "
is taking mom to the bucher shop tonight for her birthday 
i feel robbed of my extra hour of sleep  this morning one of the cats woke me up by picking at the bedroom door at 5 smile 0 and i wasn't able to go back to sleep 
looks like we finally have a rain free week 
why is it that the older i get the harder it is to get up in the morning? isn't it supposed to be easier?
is excited about going to fayetteville to watch the arkansas game!  go hogs!!
i've had all the fun and games i can handle for one day  goodnight all 
i want to thank all verterns who sacrifice so much for our freedom 
is downloading some updated music to my mp3 player 
"is playing darts tonight at the vfw  we are playing the long branch biker bar team, the booze cruise "
is going to see new <propfemale> at 3 smile 0 
new <propfemale> was awesome! we are going out to troi's with <propfemale> and <propfemale> for <propfemale>'s 36th!
looking forward to the short week and to spend the holiday with the people i love most!
is off work early today and is heading out to kansas tonight for thanksgiving  now what to pack 
"head out to kansas for thanksgiving  i'm going to be gone through the weekend, so to everyone on my friends list have a happy thanksgiving!"
is home at last!
is watching educational dvds
i'm out  everyone have a good night!
done with my nightly workout and headed to bed  goodnight facebook 
is reading a new book 
"so here i was, in the middle of my nightly workout when my jump rope snaps in half! since i couldn't stop i kept jumping, moving my arms, no rope    feeling like a total retard!"
"i hate cold weather unless it snows  however, i do love the peaceful serenity it brings  almost like a filter from the noise of the surrounding city "
darts tonight at pizza d's!!!!!!
"going to head out to shreveport for the weekend in a bit  i might check fb from my phone, i might not  depends on what we are doing  have a great weekend all "
"is headed to the comedy club in bossier city, louisiana to see <propfirst> epps "
"since tonight is the last game of darts for the fall season, i'm going home at lunch to workout  especially since i'm not going to feel like it at midnight tonight!"
heading to church with my son  <propmale> 18:15-17 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i'm picking up my son at 6 tonight then we are heading over to mom's for a christmas dinner and opening presents with the entire family  can't wait!
"\when people can walk away from you; let them walk  your <propfemale> is never tied to anyone that left!\""    t d jakesthought this was a really good one for everyone"""
always rain and never snow   
"just got back from eating at copelands with my mom, brother and family  the blackened chicken was superb!"
it's 3 in the morning  why am i not tired????
what is everyone doing for new years???
it's snowing!!! i don't have to go into work for two hours and hopefully in two hours they will cancel work altogether 
"just got back from seeing avatar with my son, brother and wife  <propfirst> <propfirst> pulls off another phenomenal movie!"
it's starting to sleet here in west little rock ever so slightly 
no snow at all! so i'm using one of my optional holidays today  i'm gettin my day off!
nude
"a word that describes me is_________(1)if you really know me, you know i love _____(2) and can't stand_______(3)  be kind   "
just got back from seeing sherlock holmes with a few friends  i highly recommend it 
wondersifanyoneknowswhatthelongstickatthebottomofthekeyboardisfor?
i just got done working out  going to sleep good tonight!
is headed home to lay down  hopefully i'll get to feeling better tomorrow 
"perfect day to open the windows, turn on the attic fan and air out the house!"
i had a friend call me at 1 smile 0 last night and was strained on the side of the road with all of her kids coming back from memphis  i would have gone to get them but when i called her back she had her father in law on his way  i talked to her for for an hour on the phone until he arrived to make sure she was ok  i couldn't go back to sleep until 8 this morning  now i'm awake and ready to start my day 
"since this last week i've been going to bed really early, 10pm and have been waking up before 4am  at first it was because i couldn't quit coughing at night  now that the cough is dieing down, it's like my body won't let me even rest 6 hours  frustrating!"
loves having a free day off from work!
"just got back from senoir tequillas, the liquor store and redbox  i love living in west little rock where everything is in walking disance!"
i've got one passport to send out in mw  let me know if you need it 
"cooking bacon, eggs, toast and a side of orange for breakfast "
"just got done workingout, getting a quick bite to eat, then it's off to darts  this is the first night of the spring league, so wish me luck "
lots of snow with ice underneath here in little rock  last night at 1 in the monring it was sleeting hard!
alltel is closed today! whoohoo!!!!!!
snow  love it!
just finished my lunch workout  now it's time to eat!
"me and my lovely wife are headed up to eureka springs for the weekend  though we had our first anniversary last sunday, eureka is way too crowded on <propfirst>'s day weekend, which is why we are headed up there tonight  i hope everyone has a great weekend!"
"went down to furniture row for the water bed liner, mattress and water treatment solution because of the leak we had a month ago  $130 later, i'm finally able to fill up <propfirst>' water bed "
is going ice skating today!
i'm done with my workout and run and heading back to work 
"lies drive a wedge between who you really are and who you act like you are, and the greater the distance between the two, the greater the dissonance in your life will be "
round 2    let's hope this one deviates in a different path 
how is everyone doing?
is playing darts tonight at the vfw 
today is the day i start working on the butterfly garden i'm creating at my house  headed to the conway garden center get get a couple of butterfly bushes and milkweed to start and add to it over the next few weeks  i hope it doesn't start raining today before i can get everything in the ground 
i wanted to say thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday  you've really made my day  i love you all!!!
"<propfirst> and i spent 4 hours  in the garden today,  weeding, tilling, moving rocks, fertilizing, planting and i'm still not  done with the backyard flowerbeds!  i'm  totally spent and feel like i  just ran a marathon  that's the last time i  let them grow over with  weeds for 5 years  ha!"
enjoying my last day off 
is loving the sun and the warmth 
i was so exhausted last night i went to bed at 9 smile 0  now i'm wide awake and looking for something to do at 4 smile 0 in the morning 
"after having a migraine earlier, i'm left feeling dazed and confused "
never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option 
frustrated!!!
"<propfemale> asleep, <propfirst> on aion, and me   i just got done working out and think i'll go for a night run around the neighborhood    my fav!!!"
"nobody can go back and start a new beginning,  but anyone can start today and make a new ending "
click the like button if i have ever made you  smile in your life  copy this as your status and see how many people you  have made happy 
out of the verizon build once and for all  still getting set up here at the new office on chenal parkway 
i hope everyone is ok after the storms rolled through here last night 
tornadoes round 2!
here comes the hail!
is loving the sun! cold weather stay away!
happy mother's day to all mother out there's
just had lunch with my good friends <propfemale> and <propfirst> at tazaki's greek fare
"drinking a couple of cold ones, throwing some sticks "
"headed to <propfemale>'s wedding  good luck girl, we love you!!!!"
today i got my first butterfly attracted to my butterfly garden  out of the window i spotted a tiger swallowtail feeding from the cone flowers i planted last week  unfortunately he flew away before i could get my camera outside  hopefully he will tell all his friends about the new treats found in my garden this year    smile 
"after many months, i feel like i finally got my emotional strength back "
i have a family reunion today  it will be great seeing extended family i haven't seen in years 
"enjoying the comforts of \working\"" from home """
"sitting at work on another boring conference call  wish i was outside, i am way too hyper to enjoy sitting here all day "
"on tonight's run, the humidity absolutely killed me  i couldn't even run a mile without stopping and walking part of the way, much less my usual mile and a half  if anyone has any breathing techniques while running underwater, would be greatly appreciated "
had a blast last night at the central high meet and greet last night! can't wait for the banquet tonight 
watching new <propfemale>  can't wait for eclipse to come out in two weeks 
it was great seeing everyone for the last two nights during  the reunion  sad it's over but had a blast! can't wait to see everyone's pics!
spending time with my son today watching movies and playing games 
"i've got my son for the next 6 weeks    smile   we are hitting wrc one day this week, but i'm not sure which day i can break away from work just yet "
"starting my workout  will be done in one hour, then it's on to last comic standing!!!"
is watching music videos on youtube 
came home and the electricity is off  it's going to be a long night 
hanging with some good friends at <propmale> daddy's 
headed to wild river country 
"today at wrc, some little kid took a duke in the wave pool  it was caddy shack all over again "
is karaoking at rock city lounge tonight  whoo hoo!!!!
tonight we are headed to a full <propfemale> pool party with bbq 
<propfemale>'s having a girls night out and i'm in hanging with my son  i think i got the better end of the deal    smile 
cleaning house 
"it's going to be a fun day  headed to the shooting range with 8\different rifles and pistols along with 2000 rounds  targets beware "
"due to work, we couldn't leave for our trip until 4 this afternoon and hit all the rush hour traffic  it was crazy! normally it takes 3 hours to get to eureka, it took us 5  our gps and google map printout routed us the opposite way once we hit town, frustrating! we stopped at a restaurant and got directions, they didn't know how to get here at first but finally figured it out and gave us directions "
"so here we were, driving in the dark trying to find our cabin in an area that is totally dark  we eventually found our cabin and now that we are here   totally worth it! our cabin is totally secluded  pictures to be posted tomorrow "
what a beautiful day in the crisp mountain air 
at cajun's with some good friends 
is baking a <propfemale> bar pie to take to <propfemale>'s house tonight  the pretzel crust just came out of the oven 
\a guy and a girl can be just friends but at one point or another, they\7f409855a194b1b987803cc274a39720,awesome backdoor tackle! go hogs!!!
so close    sad 
"i just saw a commercial about a catgenie which is a self cleaning litter box, that flushes and washes the permanent litter, so you never have to change or replace the litter   ever  i wanted to know if anyone had e playful erience with the catgenie and how well it works before i bought one "
wants to watch eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 
i'm in a two day training class and this instructor's voice is so monotone it's like being taught by <propmale> stein  bueller   bueller     somebody rescue me!
inbox only!!!!! tell me something you've always wanted to say to me but never did it'll stay between me and you promise then put this as ur status and see what you get 
"until seeking god is more important to us than breathing, we're not making the most of breathing   "
"after an 18 hour day, i'm finally headed home  total exhaustion has set in "
"it's a beautiful day \don't let it get away \it's a beautiful day \\touch me \take me to that other place \teach me \i know i'm not a hopeless case…"
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!!!!!!!!!! hope yall have a wonderful day smile 
~embrace your friendships; they're your family by choice 
lovely day outside  it's warmer than it has been in months and the wind is blowing!  smile 
"to receive the wonderful healing power of love, wish others well even when things aren't going well for you "
it's hard to believe that a 1 hour time change can kick my butt this much and make it so hard to go to bed and get up when i should  i hate spring forward!
almost done helping <propmale> move 
"first went to fugi japanese steakhouse, now at a birthday party and a bonfire with good friends "
"couldn't ask for a better day  tended my garden this morning, trimed all my bushes, enjoyed finally being outside without it being miserably cold  now it's time to relax and watch movies "
looking forward to hitting murry's dinner playhouse tonight with my peeps 
"just got done with my dental cleaning and i've got an appt next wednesday to have 3 fillings replaced  on the bright side, i'm replacing the black fillings, which i hate, with the white composite fillings   smile "
"after my workout this morning during lunch, i noticed my shirt smelled like the cologne i've been wearing  funny, i forgot to put it on this morning  if my sweat is starting to smell like my cologne, does it mean i'm wearing it too often?"
"this is the same oil formula god gave to <propmale> for the priests to sprinkle all over the tent of meeting and all the alters, and ark and the covenant and all the utensils daily  i now have a great appreciation of how good everything in the tent smelled!  i wish there was a scratch and sniff function from one computer to another so everyone can enjoy a sample of this scented oil!"
"we missed church one sunday a few weeks ago, so we made our weekly tithe to tbn and got a free gift in the mail yesterday of scented anointing oil  i thought, ok, this is nice, but what to we do with it, oil is oil right? but after opening the oil, it was like a sensory e playful losion   it smells sooooooooo good!!!!!!! i want to sprinkle it all over the house, forget the glad plugins!!!"
"i had such a strange dream last night  funny things is, i don't remember anything about it except strange images  my head has been swimming ever since i got up and it's making me nauseous  not sure what it means   "
