cde07e91750b49733bb3c14422934c5a
saturday july 18th   tubbin trip!
too bad they didn't get any pictures of three girls deep on the riding lawn mower!
leaving for work   life isn't fair!
<propfemale> and i are on the way to the vet!
<propfemale>'s not prego! this is wonderful   no bassibulls this year!
has anyone ever rubbed their eye with the the palm of their hand and accidentally flipped their eyelid back???? wow did it hurt! lol
"stepping up to the next size on the ear gauges, ouch!  keeping my eye on the prize!"
journey songs!!!
there was this guy who rocked the stage at krypto with sweet <propfemale>    ba ba ba! such a rock <propfemale>!
show me the way to the bocce ball tent
too tired to sleep
wondering what song the karaoke master will sing!
going to find a movie to fall asleep to   where is my holy grail movie when i need it!
"i love you man    great movie, very funny but didn't not help me sleep!  kept me up laughing my ass off and worthy of a second viewing "
facebook is evil!
"painting at the rock river valley pantry tomorrow, may have to graffiti the walls with my artistic touch  anyone is welcome to come by at help from 8-2pm, they  always need more volunteers "
"thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  (if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day )"
"today is a good day! a very, very, very good day!"
wish it was saturday!
time for zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!
"i need another cup of tea, the left bottom portion of my back to stop hurting, a better job and a large dose of <propfirst> kelly   now!"
little falcon is safe!
"can't wait til next weekend! party at the red lion should be a whole lota awesome and i hear hon solo will be there, i'm so making out with him!"
i should never again go to bed before 8pm  i'm up way to early!
"cant wait for next weekend   marylyn, jfk, <propfirst> myers, vampires and   omg, i have to find shoes!"
last night was a blast but never again will i wear shoes that are one size too big just because they were on sale and looked good with the dress 
"can't wait for the 20th when i will be dancing with the stars   okay maybe not, but just with one really great one who goes by the name <propfirst> <propfirst>!"
"right now i  want a really hot bath, my warm bed, a cup of tea and a really funny movie to watch   not going to happen, wah wah!"
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes
happy thanksgiving everyone!
i miss smoking   but then remember how much money i am saving and how much healthier my body feels and that makes it all worth it 
i'm starting to believe that tourette's syndrome is a withdrawl symptom!
wondering if i'm still getting coal this year
i need a new camera so i can update my pictures
"the next time some one wakes me up asking for coffee, i'm pushing them onto the floor!"
not sure what happened to one of the socks i just pulled out in this pair but it looks like an elephant tried it on first 
2 more days of work and then i'm off till jan 4th   i'm so excited!
leaving for work   8 hours to freedom!
i want to wish everyone a safe and happy christmas and a wonderful new year   hope it's a good one for everyone   xoxo 
the answer is: hot chocolate!
i missed out on the color thing too??
black
going to look at houses today   so exciting!
the lovely bones   not too bad even though it had <propfirst> walberg in it 
"if in the market for a house and the price seems too good to be true, don't be afraid to ask if someone died in it! chances are that someone probably did "
   is enjoying soft red wine from the heart of italy  lambrusco style! does this make me a wino?
"its wayback week! go retro- change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and let's see how adorable --or not!  smile -- we all were!!! wayback week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
so glad it's the weekend!
is mildly ashamed of myself for watching back to back episodes of jeresy shore til 4am
"fyi to any one who got a notification that i commented on a photo of them   it's some kind of spam and i didn't send it   i clicked on a notification that said someone commented on  one of my photos and the \it\"" face poped up in flashing lights   next thing i know it     automatically sent notifications to everyone on my friends list saying that i commented on a photo of them!  don't click on it!"""
what an interesting day this is turning out to be!
i would be with coco but the picture they use is a little too creepy
"i love you eliptical guide, you always know just what to do to make me my best!"
"about to try and fix the dent in my hood, add more steering fluid and get an oil change   i'll be surprized if my car makes it to spring!"
"whatever you give a woman, she will make greater, give her sperm she will make a baby, give her a house she will give you a home, give her groceries she will give you a meal, give her a smile she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit    pass it along if you agree  smile "
doppelgänger week - change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your twin photo then cut and paste this to your status!
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
is now a huge fan of the <propmale> dragon!
gave myself a massive hip check at work tonight   it's a good that inanimate  objects can't hear you swear at them!
more open houses today   i will know the perfect house when i see it!
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family, then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve! great men are few and far between, and i have the best one!? him smile !"
happy st  <propfirst>'s day everyone!!
wish the weekend was longer!  grrr!
cooking=finger cuts!
morel hunting is near
happy happy joy joy   it's friday!
dog walking and tacos with the boyfriend    what a beautiful day! now i have to get ready for work   blah!
is so happy to have my computer back up! thanks <propfirst>!!
"already anticipating next weekend and i don't even have plans, just hoping that mon-fri goes by real fast!"
wanted- someone of very kind and generous nature to donate to me a boat which i can utilize until summer is over    smile 
"<propfemale> had her first day at the dog park today   she had a blast and i was glad to see that she got along with the other dog so well  well, except for the <propfemale> retriever that tired to hump her!"
"promised myself i would go to bed early tonight, so far not doing so good  smile "
great news! mother natures day spa and salon is offer a free hair blow drying   to redeem step out side and enjoy your new doo wink 
just finished watching the a-team   kinda disappointing  sad  
grrrrr!  sad 
why is it so hard to go to go bed when you know you really really need to go to bed?
two days of taking down wallpaper and glue from the walls = one tired kimmie! can't wait to prime and paint!
2 more hours   festa italiana here we come!
wondering if there is a really nice person out there with a truck or mini truck (i'm not picky) that would move my bed across town   there could be beer in it for them  smile  
"they say ever lasting friends can go long periods of time without\speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick\up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been\or how faraway they live  and they don't hold grudges  they understand\that       life is busy and you will always love them  re-post if you\have @ least 1of these friends ?"
hope i see everyone tonight at the filling station to wish me luck in my new position 
i hear <propfirst> moser will be singing journey karaokee songs all night! who would want to miss that! smile 
i need a hot stone massage and some apple cider!
"between the owl and the frog  decisions, decisions    i picked the owl "
made a beautiful apple <propfemale> cake  it smells delicious!
i just decided that i hate squirrels!
anyone going on the cemetary crawl in kirkland on the 23rd???
is not feeling so well today  sad  
inbox me any question and i will give u the answer in my status!
"q:what time is it?\a: wish i had something witty to respond with but all i got is the time  it's 7:47pm "
is liking your own status the same as laughing at your own joke?
thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes!
thank's to everyone who came out last night to help celebrate my birthday! it really meant a lot to me! luv you all!
"i just made the most delicious looking pumpkin pie ever! hope it tastes like it looks, lol!"
making a roast! it smells delicious!
"thinks that shoveling should be one of those things that you never let friends (or family ) do alone    smile ! now, who's going to help me shovel???"
just made a snowman that looks like jabbathe hutt   hummm   there aint no fixing this one!
have a very <propfemale> christmas everyone!
slippery stairs + shoes with little traction = 1 big bruise  sad 
just pulled my beef and guniess pie out of the oven   smells great!!
