28c5056c4dece8acd34ab6f422d90293
"tonights sunset from my balcony  a yummy 63 degrees, and an awesome close to the weekend!"
"sunday <propfemale> and its been a pretty nice day  miss my girls tonite, they need to go back to being bayyybeeee ez!"
<propfemale> is the <propmale> of concealing your impatience 
"if you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice!"
"have not been well   thank you tor rememrbring me while ive been gone, il b back soon, love to all>>"
"how i wish, how i wish you were here   were just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year running over the same old ground  what have we found? the same old fears  wish you were here      "
"bang bang <propmale> silvers hammer came down upon her head doodoodoodoo, bang bang <propmale> silvers hammer made sure she was dead!! whooohoohoooooo"
"if you could read my mind love what a tale my thoughts could tell  just like an old time movie about a ghost from a wishing well  in a castle dark or a fortrees strong with chains upon my feet, you know that ghost is me   and i will never be set free as long as i’m a ghost you can’t see   "
"on the way home from pompano,w tay and h n panda bear! b home in an hour and whoopiedooooo to tay for being the coolest p i c ! i love you tay ! ur a bloody massive killer daughter! love <propfemale> luv !lol"
tag ur it!
"the winds of march that made my heart a dancer, a telephone that rings and who's to answer? oh, how the ghost of you clings    these foolish things remind me of you   "
on this day    mark <propfirst> chapman is sentenced to 20 years for the murder of <propfirst> lennon   
"everytime im falling down, all alone i fall to pieces                        "
new beginnings
"if the truth dont come out in the wash, it comes out in the rinse!!!!   thank you jesus     "
anyone ever had a facebook stalker?!
"hi everyone, it seems, duh, that im locked out of my cell phone, i can recieve calls but cannot call out or see txts !! so please reach me on my cell 9542669475"
call my cell
"lord, when will it ease up, protect my babies, and watch over me and mine who are also suffering, in the name of jesus christ    amen"
i am woman! hear me roar!
"never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the difference "
"admiration is a very short lived passion, that immediately decays upon growing familiar with its object ~joseph addison, the spectacular"
"maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything ~kurt vonnegut"
"a life without purpose is a languid, drifting thing; everyday we ought to review our purpose, saying to ourselves: this day let me make a sound beginning, for what we have hitherto done is naught ~ <propfirst> a   kempis"
"fly by night away from here, change my life again  fly by night, goodbye my dear  my ship isnt comin' and i just cant pretend "
"light travels faster than sound, that is why some people seem bright until they speak "
lifes problems wouldnt be called hurdles if there wasnt a way over them 
"the purpose of life is not to be happy  it is to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived well  ~ralph <propmale> emerson~"
"a beautiful life does not just happen, it is built daily by prayer, humility, sacrifice and love  may that beautiful life be yours always "
"fear preserves life, mobilizes energy, drives a person forward  you ought to be grateful you are afraid "
if you cant think of something nice to say    shutup!!
success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction 
"be inspired mith the belief that life is a great and <propmale> calling; not a mean and grovelhng thing that we are to shuffle through as we can, but on elevated and lofty destiny ~william e  gladstone"
i miss the friggin' 80's!!
anyone else wish they were in the keys right now? an hour away from gilberts man!
it is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission 
"i am a water walkin', earth stalkin', tree huggin', god lovin' woman!!"
happy valentines day!  love 
"our greatest <propfemale> is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall!"
"i am a   water walkin', tree huggin', earth stalkin', god lovin' woman"
"i make mistakes being a mom, more than i would like to admit, but i'll always be there for you, to hear you, to cheer you, to laugh & cry with you, to protect you with my life, and to love you for eternity with all my heart  no one on this earth will ever love you more than i do, ever! i'm your mom! repost if you have a child or children, young or adult, who will always be in your heart"
"if you do not stand for something, you will fall for anything   \take a stand today , now!"
