3a84788bece634ff3e1abe595d1f0e43
im the herron i do what i must because i can  i choose the path im on because it is just and right   nah im joshing haha but seriously life's going good college and national guard all the way!
getting rdy for meps and college
omg i forgot how gay working with the parents is  annoyed  6 hour drives suck
lol face book is kicking my ass i cant figure this site out to save my life haha
what do you do when the person you love the most in the world moves away and have no idea where theyre at?
"about to head out to meps, wish me luck =p"
"bored writing, some literature, listening to an audio book lol any body read any good books lately  im running low atm haha"
now understands what pay back is a bitch mewans  laugh 
"bored missing <propfemale>  sad  cant wait to see her this weekend!  laugh  and my first week of drill next week, should be tons of fun"
"got my first pay check lol and getting my uniform, now time to get my college shit together fun fun"
its a little strange of all places to meet an ex that it should be in cheddars and she looks right at me and doesnt recognize me  laugh 
ever wish you could go back in time when people ran at each other screaming and fixed there problems with a couple of brawls?  laugh 
"college paper work is done just need a response, now time for the waiting game"
"finally can do 103 sit ups in 2 <propfemale>, 3 mile run is down to 26 <propfemale> and push ups still doing 80 every 2 <propfemale> gonna own that p t  test"
"\a person in life is measured by the kind deeds they do for there fellow man\"" quote by <propmale> herron"""
"the love we shared and the lies we told help me to behold, that the grass isnt always greener on the other side of the fence "
life truly is meaningless with out a purpose
omg what does it take to get abs?!? i run 9 <propmale> a day and do 500 sit ups lmao i think im just built with child bearing hips eh and thats saying some thing and being a guy  sad 
wonder if it is healthy that i stayed up 72 hours straight? hmmm have to look into that one
work work work      all it ever feels like i do any more lol
my world comes crashing in    try my best to understand but its all dust the last 2 years mean nothing to you   regardless of what i say you will do what you want but i will always love you and support you even if your gone    forever    
"my heart is gone taken away, destroyed and maimed    what did it mean to you? just another thing to abuse? another twist another turn what did it matter all i ever meant to you was    nothing     heart-broken "
feeling alot better  finished watching knocked up besides the corny name it was actually pretty good
feeling pretty ble
the man who cant be moved
feels pretty damn good!  laugh   need to go out partying some time
  
feeling pretty lonely
"\dreamer\"" by <propfemale> kimmel"""
doesnt really know what to think any more 
i need some advice and to talk to some one i need advice if you wanna hear the problem ask for the cell
feeling pretty good
thinking i might be sick  sad 
every thing seemed so perfect   the smiles i gave the hollow laughs and what did it mean? nothing    i was always alone   my heart? what heart i have none i was only a dreamer  my happyness never existed even the most good hearted of person has a core of hate that will extinquish even the greatest of love  and what was it worth to you? nothing    all is dust    i was only a dreamer   
soar next week and then i can get forgotten in my school work and senior rotc i wanna go to the lake on the boat here some time if you would be interested send me a message and ill see what i can do
hate is the only thing now and days that keeps me warm at night
drill next weekend yippee
uh cant sleep and feeling sicker than a dog atm  annoyed  hope i feel better and poison <propfemale> doesnt help either lol
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=6rgdj17njo0
hmmmm
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=efxst4tjxgm
when it looks dark and every thing goes wrong just have faith and youll pull through
in the end faith in god will deliver
i shall never love nor date another again     for i will only be dissapointed and betrayed in the end 
drill was epic learned some neat shit now to study for my usmj test should be epic easy lol and my p t  test i rocked that shit easy haha
omg
omg muscle failure!!!! ahhhhhh
i fucking hate life
feel much better after going to church i learned a very valuable lesson and that is no matter how down you get no matter how hopeless it seems god is always their for you through good times and bad and will always forgive you
internet e playful lorer fails hard!!!
i believe you care and still do care but i loved you heart and soul and i gave you some thing special    i know i have made mistakes and i get angry and i wish i could be better about it for you  but i will never get over us i would rather be alone than live a lie with another i told you i loved you and i meant forever im sorry i couldnt be more and be more patient i believe you mean every thing you have said
tech is gonna be fun i can tell ^ ^ met some pretty rad peeps lol
just got done mowing and getting my <propfemale> stuff doen now its time to play the waiting game ^ ^ monday needs to hurry up!
feeling kinda lonely lately   cant wait for college to start
very lonely wish alot of things were like they use too  guess ill head to bed night every one
cant sleep    
2 more days
some times i think i just care too much sigh* why me?
saw the exorcism yesterday and i have to say im scared shitless of going down back streets now lol
well first day of college went pretty good  smile  besides the fact i got there at 6 am to go to class and found out all my labs this week were canceled  annoyed 
praise god! thank you all my friends for being supportive in my time of need  laugh  id like to thank god and say i love you! to him for i believe in the might and forgiveness of he  smile 
well rotc was great besides the fact i was instructing their ms 2's on wtf to do! lmao and i havnt done the shit in 2 years wtf is that? but gonna do rangers hope to feel muscle failure every day muhahahaha
met the coolest asian chick ever!  laugh  she was epic awesome lol gotto learn alot about <propfemale> and stuff was a blast talking to her
when i thought life couldnt get worst and i couldnt be hurt i find out i can and ive found out its the ones who are closests and the ones you trust with your life are the ones who in the end hurt you the most  heart-broken 
"you're the one who broke my heart, you're the reason my world fell apart, you're the one who made me cry, yet i'm still in love with you and i don't know why "
"going to church outting tonight gonna spend the night, first week of college done woot"
i think i had my life flash before my eyes have never been so scared in my life  one of my good friends pulled a knife and was ready to slit my throat never again will i let that happen again    
"every cut you make is deeper the hurt you cause my shame, my soul is shattered searching for a way out, the hurt the tears the constant bliss of past memories, i hear your voice it helps me sleep at night, only to wake up in tears, in the end do you know what you know the pain im in? the tears i shed do they cause you regret? does my pain hurt you too knowing your the cause of it? my pain is eternal"
going the distance was a really good movie for nay body that wants to see it i recommend it
im a bear bitch! muhahahaha  laugh 
english home work done now time for my math ughhhh hold me t t
feels very lonely in my life and it doesnt seem to be getting better  annoyed 
ugh ive thrown up like 9 times this morning this blows  annoyed  but sadly i cant skip school t t
puking and thorwing up and i cant seem to stop  sad  like 20 times today ugh
gosh ever just think to your self that you just hate your personality? and hate how life has rolled the dice forr you? sigh* man life is so cruel  kiss (
say what you need to say its better to say too much than too say nothing at all
"when your hands are shaking, when your faith is broken, and your heart is torn wide open just remember say what you need to say  have no fear in giving in and have no fear in saying what needs to be say "
ugh slept like 19 hours  annoyed  and still feel like crap
omg go to this site you will die laughing hahaha http annoyed  verydemotivational com page 3 
gonna take a nap and do home work if you need me just message and ill get back with you
wondering why i bother when others are so inconsiderate
 
its sad when a person cant get over some one they love nor can they get back with them so is stuck in limbo always wondering what could and always regretting what happened    
i had about 5 people tell me i was the nicest person they have ever met  laugh  really made me feel a whole lot better than i have felt in a really long time
"ooooo lol one of the people that said i was nice wants to take me with them to <propfemale> hahaha thats pretty awesome! a little town called kunmig, yunnan this place looks so pretty!  laugh "
went to the cookeville home game and fall fun fest was really fun gotto spend some time with a couple of friends i havnt seen in months  smile 
"the rain, its a beauty, rain its what keeps the world going  the rain is like a force of natire, it can heal wounds and make them worst, i love the rain for it heals mine and shows that the old wounds can be washed away and the new can start again  smile  i miss you <propfemale> granstaff ='( you have always been there for me and thank you for giving me the advice i needed not the advice i wanted  love "
todays drill went pretty good  smile  had sgt grimm tell me i was one of hte hardest workers he has ever seen!  laugh  made me feel pretty good inside hehe
mmmm the rain is so beautiful  smile  ive missed it so much like a long lost frined you havnt seen in years hehe
omg!!!! stupid internet e playful lorer 8 fails  annoyed  it wont let me do these quizes! t t hold me some body lol
oooooo tomorrow drill is suppose to be hella fun!  laugh  i cant wait hehe should have done this as soon as i graduated high school haha oh well live and learn i suppose
gosh why does math home work gotto be so hard? t t
lol calling it a night for math my head hurts too much
never more    
"darkness, reigns as light fades  doors close as light hope departs    "
never will i let another bring me so low  never will i give some one i trust all i behold  i was once week now i am strong  because above all im army strong 
ttu game tomorrow and ill be doing flag duty woot hahagonna be balling it up  laugh 
guess i should head out now for the foot ball game yay  smile  see you all there!
"cant get my mind off things    i feel happy yet very depressed, i feel content but i feel like im missing some thing in my life  eh any body have any guesses why i feel this way? lol"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=n-zacfywdbi
got back from church and i feel refreshed  smile 
just had an awesome timre hanging out with <propfirst> and her friends they were really cool  smile  the corn field sucked balls though  annoyed  mazes arnt my specialty haha
damn ashleys fail work schedule! lawl
well its official haha
just woke up after a 4 hour nap haha
had fun with <propfirst> tonight got to meet her grand parents which was interesting to say the least lol
omg american pie beta is so effin funny! hahaha
bored class got canceled today so my afternoon is all opened up lol
imma play this game to post what 1 word describes me?  smile 
ive got the magic in me!!!
the worst feeling isnt the fact of being lonely  its the fact of being forgotten by the one you can never forget 
well its official i am now a member of the ttu wow organization lmao i some times think im a bit nerdy who knew?  laugh 
bored!!!! all my classes got canceled for today!!! argh!!!
kinda pissed hmmm
 
funny how life can go up and down  smile  hahaha inside jokes are great lawl time for some warcraft
pain is only a reminder of what we lost   
so bored  annoyed 
"i voted for tobacco barn in 80 acre church photography contest \http annoyed  80acrechurch strutta com entries 88859?=f129zw"
im bored today any body wanna <propfemale> out or go do some thing?
freaking best halloween ever! freaking destroyed that kid in spear fighting and got to <propfemale> out with some epic friends  laugh 
hmmm i run 15 <propmale> and i gain 10 lbs? this is weird hahaha
gonnapump iron today and run my 15 <propmale> again hopefully it rains all day!  laugh 
i think its national break up month hahaha
i have learned to accept that im addicted to wow lawl hahaha
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran, know    a veteran, love a veteran, or support the troops\22 hours"""
gosh college how i hate you
hmmm one of those days hahaha
"the break, the tears, the great sundering  what despair  what blackness just    what a shame "
last night sure was interesting
happy thanksgiving every one!!!!
life is so great i got an interview at logans!  laugh 
look back at my life and think how i came to be me     how people have come into my life and how they have left how i find out things and just woder why it came to be like this?
"its a shame when deep down you believe with all your heart about that one individual and e playful ect them to never hurt you, to lie to you, and in the end the whole time they were lying     just what a shame"
say good bye to my heart tonight  its gone and never comming back alone in the dakr we all see the light in the end it was all a lie  sad little dreamer never again what a shame what a shame   
wishing i was far away from here    
"if any body is interested in going to club jet with me on either monday, tuesday, or wednesday please message me! if you are interested and all"
"\staring down the barrel of a 45 nothing left but to accept that things have changed\"""""
fly far away on the wings of an angel  never looking back never to wonder again  with the lips of an angel i smile on my voyage and spread thy wings 
i love you more than i ever imagined    i miss the way i felt morel <propmale> myself than with any body else ever    but no matter what i always have some thing go wrong but know i loved you and still do 
last couple of days have been fantastic haha go into work at 5 tonight  annoyed  fail haha
i think i have fallen in love with the song sweet serendipity lol hahaha tonight and tomorrow gonna have a blast!
its funny how <propfemale> works and how whenyou least e playful ect it good things happen and every thing begins to fall into place  smile 
"there must be a reason you're calling tonight\could it be you're never coming home?\why do we run, why do we hide?\when we know there is something wrong?\\and if this is what you want then\i can't help you, i can't win this fight\\so what are you waiting for?"
gosh some times i get irritated about some of the dumbest things good thing i get over them fast haha
gah i dont wanna work today  sadface cant wait to seeciara tonight!  laugh  4 more days till the concert woot!
the <propfirst> aldean concert was amazing! best weekend ever!!!  laugh  ily cmh
find my stash light it up    memory crash
omg this weather is so epic!
some times things just dont go like we planned
tired of alot of things as of late 
okay got hired at walmart 3 weeks later they offer me an assistant manager position and i couldnt accept it because i leave for training in less than a month! so gay t t
