fcc31c9e5bfe10e112f11065e6f3d194
will be returning to minnesota shortly     by friday evening   smile 
is in wheaton until wednesday morning   smile 
is on her way back to minnesota   smile  she likes minnesota 
is sad  like right in the middle     somewhere in there   
misses her family   sad 
really misses austria a lot right now!
is watching hsm1 omg 
study study study studyyyyyyyyyyyyy pparrttyyy ppparrrrttyyyyyy parrrrtyyyyyyyy (anyone seen that episode of <propmale>'s lab where he goes to college?)
has a bio test on friday! and that's all to life right now 
loves feed my starving children!
dang it he never came this morning 
is travelling     across the pond 
is relieved that the pond has been crossed  and that she is not stuck in dulles airport  yes 
is annoyed that united has wished to keep her baggage  or whatever their deal is with my baggage  3 pieces of baggage  with my cell phone charger in it  and most my socks  yeah 
is praying for her cousin roulio in haiti!
is really excited that austria just beat the us in the nordic combined teams   smile  a nail biter it was  but we won!
praise the lord for he is good and gives me money!  smile 
is in the middle of the most busiest day of her semester  and this grammer proves it 
is                                         annoyed                       and the only person who understands is on an internet technology fast!  sad (((((((
has decided     hhhmmmm     she's not interested   smile      and room 402 is the bomb 
so earlier i felt like kissing a baby frog    then i felt like yelling at it  but now i think i can at least smile at it again  sheesh  i hate finals week 
is on her way to the baltics  choir tour=exciting   love 
is going to estonia  love 
is going home to vienna today   smile  (in finland now)
is in home sweet wien   love 
so i only tagged people in some of the europe tour pictures  feel free to tag yourself in the others   smile  i thought the world would be a happier place without a zillion notifications 
last of my europe tour pictures are up  feel free to tag yourself   smile  i still thought the world would be a happier place without a zillion notifications 
is in mockba
was on the gulf of finland once again today   smile 
misses traveling with people who are cheerful and flexible   sad 
you guys     i miss my three sisters   sad  a lot 
"96 8 degrees today, 98 6 tomorrow, 102 2 on thursday and friday, and 100 4 on saturday  yes, i converted these from celsius  because that is what they use here  oh, and there aren't many places with air conditioning here either  fun "
physicians have urged muscovites to avoid leaving their homes  they warn that breathing the toxic air for just a couple of hours has the same harmful effect as smoking two packs of cigarettes        oops 
"is in helsinki, finland once again  don't know why, but she really loves this place  (even if it's just the airport this time)"
is in the cities at the house of a former nwc president 
i just really love to travel   love 
"i am a pilgrim, a pilgrim of sorrow  i'm left in this wide world, this wide world alone  i ain't got no hope, got no hope for tomorrow  i'm trying to make it, make heaven my home "
hey guys! if you are a current nwc student check your event invites!  wink 
had a really good homecoming saturday-- start to finish 
"tomorrow there is a global outreach break out chapel about unreached people groups in russia, alaska, and northern canada  you should go  check your event invites   wink "
just kidnapped her roommate with her other roommate to take her to cold stone for her birthday   love   laugh 
"at home with the family in wheaton, il   love  sisters!"
christmas at northwestern this weekend!
"just found this google add: strange fruit burns fat\lose 12 3 pounds and 2 inches of belly fat every 28 days - without diet or exercise "
road tripping from chicago to fort worth   
from 22 to 85 in 36 hours 
cousins!
painting with my cousin and sister   laugh 
"happy new year! to vienna, minneapolis and all "
"urban dictionary says annoyed <propfemale> is a greek name  \in greek, it means \honey bee \"" \",fcc31c9e5bfe10e112f11065e6f3d194,"exodus 15:11\who among the gods \   is like you, lord? \who is like you— \   majestic in holiness, \awesome in <propfemale>, \   working wonders?"
nice stomach or nice arms: whaaaaat the fliiiiiiiip?
tutoring for physiological psych  mmmmmm i love neurons 
"facebook hacker is asking you to click on a link of  a quote on quote \picture you were tagged in\""    not me  fyi """
i love altos  a lot 
just had a dream that the northwestern college choir became a cheerleading squad  and all the girls wore string bikinis  so inappropriate on many levels     and that happened in the snow in duluth  glad i woke up from that one 
just got an a on her 50 <propfemale> paper       finally done~!
may 2nd  33 degrees  this is probably the only weather i can actually say i loathed 
anyone have a life-time fitness and wellness book i could borrow for de this summer???
does anyone have a world geography book i could use for de this summer??
"anybody got one of these? de blij, harm j  and <propfirst> o  muller  geography: realms, regions, concepts  edition: 14  publisher: new york, ny: <propfirst> <propmale> and sons  year: 2010 (or other recent edition)"
"i follow jesus, i am a christian  and i do not associate myself with <propfirst> camping  judgement day is not today  do not think that this man represents what all christians believe "
"judges 21:25: \in those days there was no <propmale> in <propmale>: every man did that which was right in his own eyes \"" i'm pretty sure <propmale> was postmodern during the time of the judges """
just registered for the gre        we'll see how this goes 
thinking about entering a clinical psychology doctoral program after graduating from nwc     hhhhmmm 
hanging out with a fun person tonight  good 
praise god from whom all blessings flow 
long distance     so many meanings to that term in my life  rarr 
likes her boyfriend   smile 
"year i was given: 1997\age: 7\where i lived and what i was doing: i had just moved to wheaton, il in january from <propfemale>, ukraine   i was in 2nd grade in the missionary furlough homes on president street  i lived next door to <propfemale> edwards, and <propfemale> simmerman  my sister <propfemale> grace <propmale> was born that year   smile  \bands i liked: uumm salty tapes and church music?? my mom playing piano?\car i drove: my parents drove a station wagon   i rode my bike \like this status and i'll give you a year "
"jesus i pray, take all my mistakes\throw them away     destroy them for my sake \jesus i call out 'cause i'm sorry\because i fall    so short of your glory \to the best of my ability i'm practicing humility\and i lay myself before, 'cause less is more "
