298af219ff6d312534facd6db4a19784
we're back from a few days away   the kitties are so happy to see us!
"we went to the county fair today!  i had my first orange shake-up, yummy!  we looked at all the vegetables, crafts, and baking   now i want to enter next year   <propfemale> got too hot to go look at the cows, but maybe next time "
satellite tv is fried!  aaagh!
"had a very long night, but everyone kept their spirits up   thanks to my hospital buddies for staying cheerful "
phew!  what a week!  two whole days of nothing!
and <propfemale> managed to get a pill into <propmale> tonight   we only have one serious scratch each and a black <propfemale> who hates us   not looking forward to another dose in 12 hours 
had a good day off after a long night on call   and my <propfemale> is back!  the vet said we could stop the pill torture so he has come out of hiding 
<propfemale> and i went to the japanese festival at the mbg yesterday   i bought myself a plush totoro the size of two basketballs   should i feel guilty for enjoying the envious looks from all the teens in manga outfits?
's computer has decided to interact with the internet again   i feel connected again!
off to see lady <propfemale> today   i haven't gotten up this early in days!
the statue of <propfemale> was great   we went up in the podium and had a good look around   pictures to come   
rainy day   i think we're gonna work on the tree 
we saw the toy story double feature   big fun in 3d!
thinks there is nothing better than a warm cat on her lap after a long day 
we made it to new orleans!  ugh   i hate driving   
we just got back from emeril's delmonico's in new orleans   some dishes were fantastic!  the other dishes we had fun trying to decide what top chef judges would say about them    tomorrow we're going to a cooking demonstration   i wonder if emeril will come   
p s   doesn't anyone have a request for something?!  it's no fun going into shops without a mission   we're putting together some no baskets for festival of trees   any suggestions as to what to put in?
"oh, and just to make my boss feel better, i then spend three hours in lectures back at the conference   "
finally done with lectures   we get one full day to e playful lore <propfemale>   i think i've convinced <propfemale> we don't have to be cultural   so we're just going to wander the quarter 
back to the salt mines tomorrow   
"we stayed up way too late working on tree and other projects for the festival   now i have a headache and a way too full bowl of halloween <propfemale>   no visitors at all last night, sigh "
haircuts today!  somehow we forgot to make appointments at the last appointment so then we got really behind   <propfemale> is a shaggy mess and i have roots to be embarrassed about!  all fixed  by five o'clock!
"home from haircuts and supper out   we look marvelous!  <propfemale> colored and trimmed us to perfection   then, she did practice looks for the festival of trees <propfemale> (2 weeks from tonight!)   check out <propfemale>'s new profile photo to see her pretty curls   mine started aching, so i forgot to take a picture   now back to work on the tree   "
is home from a quick trip to the 'rents   back to the salt mines in the morning 
is wondering how many more women can go into labor tonight?!
was so busy yesterday that she didn't even check facebook until now   terrible   
will be decorating the tree (finally!) later today   wish us luck 
"is home from decorating the tree!  we did it all in one day   in past years it has been two   mom came to help, so it was faster   it makes me worry that we didn't make enough ornaments though   over 300 for a 7 ft tree is enough, right?  <propfemale> will be posting pictures soon "
is at her parents' house   nobody is up but me   very strange   big preparations to start sometime   
just got back from a mani pedi   there's nothing better than feeling well tended 
see below for my really cool christmas farm!!
just finished a black and bleu fluffy burger   now onto present wrapping    later there will be the phineas and ferb christmas vacation special!
hates waiting   
wonders why mother nature thinks she needs reminder about how miserable a cold is 
"is reminding herself that a cold always gets better later in the day, right?  tons of tea to come   "
is a little better today   thanks go to the ob gods who let me sleep on call 
poul's coming for christmas!  poul's coming for christmas!  poul's coming for christmas!  (you'll have to imagine me dancing around because i look too silly to be photographed)
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes   i had a very nice day with breakfast in bed and then shopping in champagne   now it's back to the salt mines   
was relieving pain all night   now i'm exhausted   sleep please   
"so we're having christmas <propfemale> at our house because poul just got in this afternoon   <propfemale> agreed to delay his visit until tomorrow, which was very nice considering how tired he must get "
"is having holiday letdown   everybody is gone and the house is quiet   on the other hand, everyone is gone and the house is quiet "
why does everyone seem to think making my status about a cause will do anything for the cause?
<propmale> got to go out for the first time in a while (it was so cold)   now he's not back and it's dark and he's black and i'm worried!
"well, after some not quite distracting enough farmville, guess who sauntered in looking all smug?  he then proceeded to eat everything in his bowl and then throw it up   too bad i love the little guy or i'd throw him out the window "
just bought a new printer scanner   watch out everybody!
help!  i'm stuck under a large gray <propfemale> who won't stop purring!
why do facebook ads have to constantly remind me of my age?!
"labor should be more civilized   i'm happy to do epidurals all evening up to about midnight   after that, labor should just pause if you don't have your epidural yet   we'll put it in in the morning "
"finally finished the silly (really, it was bad) hidden object game that <propfemale> started   now i can go back to my regular silly games   "
"so, for anyone who doesn't know yet    i am pregnant, due september 1   <propfemale> and i are very excited "
"is amazed that the hormones of pregnancy can be so powerful   things that were only difficult are now impossible   it will get better, right?"
"and, to top it off!  we found out today that my favorite name (if it's a boy) is used by white supremacists and anti-abortion murders as a call to action   goodbye, phineas, we'll have to think of something else "
"well, i don't feel any better from my cold, but gotta go to work today   hope i don't pass it to anyone   "
's big saturday night activity was a trip to walgreen's for cough medicine   violent coughing and pregnant bladders do not mix well 
"got a little cleaning done   unfortunately, the reason i was cleaning that closet (trying to find the architectural plans for our house) has not been fulfilled "
"just got home from the or   just a small case, but they always come just before you're about to get in bed!"
"had no calls from ob all weekend   it's eerie   did we have no babies or is there a \natural\"" trend that will bankrupt the anesthesiology department?"""
"is back from the ultra-sound   <propfemale> is posting a picture or two   i'll share them for those of you who aren't friends with her    the big question    probably a girl!!   the tech couldn't be 100% because he didn't see girl parts but there were certainly no boy parts    baby is growing well, right on target   so it's all good news!"
"yes, <propfemale> and i are home   i sat down to check facebook and now i'm stuck under a gray lump who sheds   poor me "
"is stuck again   this time it's the black lump   he doesn't shed, but the claws are sharp "
"dear lord, thank you for the lives of <propfirst> swayze, <propfemale> fawcett, and <propfirst> <propmale> who died last year  this year, please help those who pray for the deaths of others to understand this behavior is not productive, not funny, and definitely not in line with any main line religion i am aware of  thank you for spring  amen "
i'm having a nice pajama day at home   nothing better 
is on call today 
is still on call and still at the hospital   why is there always an appendix just when we're otherwise ready to go home?
"<propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are sleeping with everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really??    feel free to copy and paste if you agree!"
"<propfemale> is making blueberry pancakes for sunday breakfast!  (don't look at the time, the time is irrelevant )"
is stuck under a black <propfemale> again   he always seems to settle into my lap about 5 minutes before bedtime 
got paged at 0430 because somebody can't read a call schedule!!!!
a few weeks ago i was mildly worried because everybody kept asking me about fetal movement and i hadn't felt any   now the little blessed alien won't stop dancing on my bladder!  careful what you wish for   
is home from the hospital   too many babies are coming way too early this weekend!
maternity clothes are so horrible 
"has a new, even shorter, haircut   anything to cool me down "
is npo for the glucose test at 9   why couldn't the kitties let me sleep a little longer?!
i just saw <propfemale>!  she looks great and the baby is really cute   all is well with both   she sends her love to everyone on the or and appreciated the support she got from everyone   she promises pictures soon 
"they just delivered hospital meal #4   it's supposed to be the last one, but   "
is the least patient person on the planet!
is home!!!!
"just had a wonderful nap in a real bed!  so i'm on real bed rest with only bathroom priviledges   <propfemale> and i are trying to plan activities for bed and i picked out several books already   i'm trying to look on the bright side; maybe i'll get some cme done!  (just kidding, i'm starting a book on british history instead )"
"is finishing another day on bed rest   i slept most of it   (i'm recovering from the night at the hospital )  <propfemale> made me an apple pie, yum "
needs reminding that <propfemale> and i are not completely bonkers for having a baby 
"so, at 5 am the cat comes and wakes me up urgently   he says he wants the little door open and food   so i get up, open the door and fill the bowls   then he neither goes out or eats!  second day in a row he's done this   good thing he's really soft and can be quite cuddly sometimes or who knows what might happen to him "
"is now on bp medicine   despite all my good behavior (i really have been in bed or recliner for over two weeks) my bp is still right on the borderline or just above   so, dr  b started aldomet today   what strikes me as funny is that this is one of the oldest drugs on the market, weak and short acting, so i have to pop a pill four times a day   well, i guess i don't have anything else to do!"
just had a marvelous time at my baby shower   thanks to everybody who came and was a good sport about the ac not working very well   everybody was very generous   but the best part was getting to see people and enjoy good food 
monday   i'm back in my chair   (not that i ever really left!)
so today i started wandering around the kitchen livingroom without even noticing what i was doing   <propfemale> and mom had to tell me to go sit down   i don't know how much longer i can do this   
"if you're friends with <propfemale> you just saw this, but if you're not   \we have changed our home phone number to 217 234 9376   since we still don't really use our cell phones, this is the best way to reach us "
scheduled a haircut for monday!  i'm so excited for my rare field trip!
is now freshly shorn   i feel clean and cool   it was nice to leave the house for an hour too!
"well, i think i'll go back to laying down   wait, when did i stop doing that?"
"update:  dr  benson says he may want to deliver this baby as early as next week!  eeek!  as much as i'd like to be off bedrest, i'm not ready   well, one day at a time   "
in hospital   waiting for something interesting to happen   i'll let y'all know if it does 
"feels like a cow, a very happy one "
"bilirubin is down to 13!  (normal)\no more glow in the dark baby!  no more daily trips to the lab!\met our permanent pediatrician, <propfemale> leifheit, today too   i like her very much and she thought ziggy was perfect (her good taste is a <propfirst> of what a good doctor she will be)   she started on aug 2 and can also be known as <propfemale> <propmale>'s (ob nurse, extraordinaire) daughter \more pictures to come   "
"is home from call, has a warm <propfemale> in her lap, and can hear sleeping baby noises from the next room   what could be better?"
was about to leave the hospital to go vote when we got called to try to save a leg   looks like either activity was useless 
thinks cats need to learn to read calendars   i don't have to get up at 5 am on saturdays!  the baby got me up at 4 so i already fed the little #$%s!  now i want to sleep!
"had a low key t-day   thankful for my sister who takes care of me and my daughter who makes me smile   \\i just wish the operators at the hospital could get the schedule right   calling my home phone, thus waking the baby, at 5 am when i'm not on call is not ok!"
"ziggy is amazing   she's a cute, little miracle that can produce a ginormous belch that would make any lumberjack proud!"
morning is way too early 
ziggy has popped her first tooth!  what a thing to be early on 
"thanks so much for all the birthday wishes!  \<propfemale> and i had a great day   we went for facials!  she made me a yummy cake   then we played with ziggy   back to work tomorrow!"
teething sucks!
"ziggy is getting through the teething  she is quite cheerful in between being miserable  right now, she is looking really cute in a new sleeper she got from her uncle poul for christmas  she is starting to pretend crawl, she does the moves, but doesn't get anywhere! it's so cute!"
happy new year!
"post call bliss: slept in, quiet house, slowly eating breakfast   wish this could be everyday "
ziggy's new skill is blowing raspberries   the best part is she thinks it is an essential skill so feels a need to really practice!
ziggy has a new highchair!  built it from the flat-pack myself!  (proud mom sticks out her chest and roars!)
woo hoo!  respect for teachers gets a standing ovation!
fully fund the community colleges!
"he didn't really say what he'd do about immigration, but at least he pledged to discuss it thoroughly "
what are those guys reading?!  one of them looks like he's doing a crossword!  pay attention!
insurance reform!  thank you 
"that's right!  suggest changes, improve the law   but stop the repeal at any cost rhetoric "
can you believe a secretary of defense that agrees to cuts?
"i like calling tax breaks and loop holes \spending\"" """
malpractice reform!  please!
i think we've heard this reorganize the government stuff before 
no earmarks!  show me   i'll believe it when i see it 
we'd rather build a hospital at the bottom of the <propmale> than a fence at the top   let's put the same energy into safety and prevention that we do into rescue!
more snow?!  god's sense of humor is baffling me 
