b0fc7d51f3ac05f409b120e5343995de
finally in texas!   i must be getting old because i think i was sleeping by 11 smile 0 last night  i couldn't even last till midnight  smile 
"hm my mind is stuck, how can it not be fate that i meet someone so amazing, so special, that my mind is never off them? all i can say for sure is that i've never been happier   "
"they say that good things take time, but really great things happen in the blink of an eye   love    smile "
so i just biked and ran a combo of 15 <propmale>    i'm so pumped i don't think i'm going to get much sleep tonight   sad 
last day of school   woo! spending the day hiking with croix    maybe go fishing   smile 
wow    so evidently i have alot of family who uses facebook     smile 
"if roses grow in heaven, \lord, pick a bunch for me ~ place them in my daddy's arms & tell him \they're from me~tell him that i love & miss him & when he turns \to smile ~place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while ~ \because remembering him is easy ~i do it everyday ~ there's an ache \within my heart that will never go away  copy and \paste if your dad is in heaven   love  rip daddy   i love you   love "
so upset    my car is dead    again 
why can't i sleep     sad 
"ugh   court today and i am so nervous  and noooo i did nothing wrong, and i am not getting in trouble lol  but my children's college educations depend on this    i find it crazy we have to <propfemale> when someone is killed wrongfully to prove their worth as a human being  isn't it enough my boys will grow up never knowing their biological father???"
"having a sleep-over \party\"" (as she calls it) with the coolest kid ever   laugh """
i   am   so   bored  ugh 
talkin to my mama through this fancy talkin device called the internets even though shes in the next room     playful 
really hope all the creepy old men who like to discuss their prostates are out of the gym right now  i really don't feel up to hearing about it all tonight 
i really wish i had found something fun to do this summer  grrrr i should have joined that softball league  i am way too bored   
"i'm very lucky to have such a wonderful loving boyfriend  thank you steven   my pink roses are beautiful  and yes, you did make my day   smile    love "
"a\ u s  military member is somewhere in the world missing their family \while you’re at home caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to \read this, military members all over the world are not only saving \lives, but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military \appreciation week  re-post this if you are in the military, love a \military member, hold memories of a fallen hero or appreciate the \military "
going to go get my boys who have been camping all weekend  evidently croix learned how to swim with out floaties!  smile 
hm no matter how upset i get someone always cheers me up   playful   thanks hun  i love you 
"going to the park with the boys    time to climb some trees, jump in the creek and run around like a nut    laugh "
"hmmmm don't really want to go to the gym but its the routine and i really hate to break routine    hmmmmmm somethings wrong with me, i know   playful "
my phone is off probably for most of today  my crazy stalker is at it again   and no my stalker is not male  how funny is that? go awayyyy
hm i need something to do today and i think the kids are bored of the park 
 love   love   love  i love you <propfirst>   love   love   love     you are the most amazing person i have ever met   smile 
taking a sunset stroll in the park with the prettiest little <propfemale> she has ever known   smile 
"yay, the day is over so hopefully my bad luck is too!"
i'm having a much better day  very excited i can countdown the days     smile 
at the mall with the boys   building bears and drinking bubble tea     playful 
abouut to drive over 2hrs to pick up an old friend whos boyfriend is treating her like crap  going to be a long night but i cant leave her like that when shes asking for help   should have brought someone with
packing up to go camping this weekend with the kids   smile  its pirate weekend at the campsite   this should be interesting  lol
gone campin'   laugh 
omg im so lost  was supposed to be there over an hr ago according to my directions  no one around here even knows where the hell this place is  the best answer i got is im prob at least 20mi over my dest  screw it  im buying a gps  im so frustrated i want to cry 
i don't know whats wrong with me today  i am in a bad funk  i need to get out of it    sad 
ah    nothing like viewing the people of walmart to cheer me up and make me feel better about myself  kind of nice to know if i'm feeling gross somewhere out there a big fat black lady smashing herself into a bikini 10 sizes too small for her and heading out to go to walmart   
"so anyone familar with places to stay in fayetteville, nc?  just reading reviews on places to stay and trying to find some place decent    i have had an idea where i'm going to book for a week now but i want to make sure    smile "
getting excited for the things that will be happening soon  love 
"i am so relieved     smile   one out of two of my paychecks that \mysteriously\"" (long story) disappeared showed up in a laundry basket just sitting in my room (full of the boys winter clothes i was about to put away) which has been searched up and down  now if only the other one would do the same!  i think the big guy has my back  lol  love """
"happy    have good news, yup  all i can say for now  lol  love "
i hate being alone   sad   feeling blah    kids went to their grandparent's for the night so they can go on vacation and it just hit me that they are gone  what the heck do i do with myself and how can i make myself stop being so sad? wish i went with the girls to ocean city even though my eye problem was acting up    
just got my oil changed and my car serviced  now i'm bored    anyone want to do something!?
leaving in my pajamas at 4 am    driving until i hit nc     will arrive late afternoon    by this time tomorrow night i will be with <propfirst>! yay! hurry back!!! i'm so excited   
on my way to nc!    smile     love 
crossed into nc  two more hrs  smile 
yay im here  smile 
sooooo nervous   playful 
yay! hes here!!!
having an amazing time with my wonderful boyfriend <propfirst>  love   he makes me smile and laugh so much my face hurts   playful   this is going to be the best week ever and is already by far the best time i've had in a long time  i love you hun! you are the best thing that has ever happened to me (besides the kiddos you guys are tied) and i feel blessed to have you in my life   laugh 
having a great week with my <propfemale>   smile    hes so amazing   love 
not looking forward to this week ending but i'm having fun spending time with my baby   smile   i'm going to pray the days slow down and sunday takes forever to get here     love 
blah    thats how i feel right now  playful 
on my way home to <propfemale>  cant wait to see the kids or my sweetheart in two weeks  i had so much fun relaxing and spending time with u hun  i love you   smile 
im feeling so alone and lost right now  could use someone to talk to but i dont want to bug anyone  if anyone is not doing anything and wants to talk call me 
wtf   
its going to be a better day    nothing i can do till thursday so i'm just going to relax and wait instead of driving myself crazy  sorry to anyone i didn't get back to yet  its a painful and overwhelming subject to discuss and i was out of my mind upset yesterday  i'm lucky to have such a great boyfriend to pull me out of my funk  i love you hun    smile 
"life is good and no matter how much jealous people try to break me and the people i love, it isn't going to work  no matter how much you wish it wasn't this is real and i'm not backing down    laugh "
hmmmm    my ex is a lying piece and he is so going down   smile    now to save up for that lawyer's fee  i'm so excited to be getting my baby back soon!
hmmm does anyone know where is a good place to work in town to make good tips? i'm thinking about trying to work night shift as a waitress    the diners all have sucky tippers for the most part   playful 
ah well hello again insomnia    i was hoping you weren't coming back  blah 
yes!!! sands casino saw my resume and bumped up my interview to next week instead of the beg  of september!!!  laugh   i'm so excited!
wow what a depressing day  ugh i feel like crap 
woke up having a nightmare today  i guess stress is finally getting to me  gooooo away stress!   playful 
today ended up being another bad day and i don't like that because i'm usually a very happy person  tomorrow i'm waking up and forcing it to be a good day   playful 
being interviewed at emeril lagasse's chop house today in the sands casino    wish me luck! i'm excited   laugh 
had a great day and a great job interview   smile   i think i got the job but we shall see!
yay!!! evidently it is very hard to get this job but i am on step 3 of my interview process    hair sample and background check  i was told i have a few more steps after this too  i guess by the time this is all said and done i will have the job in a month? but ya    good news! i passed the first two initial interviews!!!  laugh 
packing up and getting ready  going to go see <propfirst> soon    love    smile 
all ready to go! so excited   smile   i love you hun    love 
ugh stuck in a traffic jam that hasnt moved an inch in a half hour  i love the ne extension!   playful 
in minnesota now and evidently doing a lot of snoring  heyyyy i have allergies <propfirst>  lol
finally getting over my strep throat and able to enjoy the rest of my trip with <propfirst> and his family    love     smile   i'm having so much fun 
"home and missing the love of my life already  missing him makes me love and appreciate him more than you can imagine  i can't wait till next time   smile   \\ love  i love you <propfirst>!  love "
"it is friday night and i am bored out of my mind  i miss <propfirst>  i need to get a hobby, lol  anyway    anyone else bored and want to do something???"
bored today    no kids    guess i'll have a beer  playful 
mmmm a baked potato    beer   and the history channel  its a good night   smile 
blah  sad    i have so much on my mind today i could scream  can't wait until i find my light at the end of the tunnel 
i have a new obsession with the dresden files   playful 
ewww just got caught in an extremely cold hard downpour waiting for the boys school bus  that was horrible   playful 
i love love love the fall and everything about it  especially pumpkin iced coffee     mmmm   love 
i can't believe my son croix is going to be 8 tomorrow    where did the time go?
yay! my son croix is 8 today    smile   on another note    i have absolutely the most amazing boyfriend ever  thank you <propfirst>  love 
waiting for starcraft to finish downloading    gah this is taking forever 
went to court today for <propmale>     i guess you could say i won  my exes whole defense for what he wanted looked stupid to the mediator and everything fell apart for him  i got 50 50 and he was ordered to give her to me immediately and to never do what he did again   smile   now no one can ever take my child legally away from me again  i knew he wouldn't beable to get away with it    thank god 
hahahaha i missed <propmale>    i'm getting a show right now  shes singing and dancing 
ugh    bad news is i was just woken up at 5 am from a phone call     good news is if i can actually get back to sleep now the school dist has a two hour delay thanks to extreme flooding and school may be canceled completely in the next few hours  stupid school auto-dialer    *yawn*
despite having the stupid school's automated system wake me up at 5 am i am in a great mood  mainly because i know good things are coming   smile 
"ummm    i just yelled at my 4 yr old to stop doing something shes not allowed to do and she yells back with attitude    stop trippin mom  how the hell does she know what that means? this kid kills me, lol "
i feel so lucky to have the amazing man i have in my life    i couldn't ask for anything more   love 
ew i hate that jerk of a principal at tohickon valley    get a life you moron  i will drop my kids off where i feel comfortable that they are safe  i don't care if it makes a line  their safety is more important to me and i'm sure the rest of the parents using the drop off area agree    oh and its rude to be pulling open peoples car doors and trying to take their kids out  your a tool and can kiss my butt     playful 
coffffeeeeeeeee ugh    wish i had some caffeine today  i need to wakeup!  playful 
"whether we are very near or far apart, you are always with me close to my heart  love    can't wait to see you in a couple weeks or so baby! i love you    laugh "
 love  five days  love 
can't wait to see <propfirst>    laugh    love 
happy i married my best friend    playful 
hmmm just wondering why so many houses in san <propfirst> tx have bars on their windows  i find it creepy    here that means your in a bad area but it looks like almost every house there has them? anyone know what this is about???
wth is wrong with me today? lol i'm emotional mess because none of the kids are home today? i need a head examination so i can get back to enjoying my alone time   laugh 
grrrrr really now? i've been married a week and i need crazy ex repellent in bulk  oh not for my exes either  lol
mmm toasted cinnamon bread and tea   love    my tummy feels warm and happy   laugh 
some jobs just opened in my area that i can walk to    cross your fingers someone hires me or at least doesn't put a restraining order on me for bugging the crap out of them about it!  laugh 
"it\ is amazing how someone can be hundreds of <propmale> away from you, and the \mere thought of them still puts a smile on your face! true love has no \boundaries! ? i love you, <propfirst> <propfirst> kaun! ?"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes   smile  the day started bad and ended great!
on a date with @<propfirst> <propfirst> kaun at chuckie cheeses  playful 
i dont regret what i did  smile  hopefully some kids life will be better for it   
my idiot of a brother just puked all over the bathroom and walked away  looks like a war zone  grrrr
*sigh*  i miss you     smile 
i often wonder why everything has to happen at once  three big things on my plate right now that i keep praying it will all work out  i'm oddly calm and collected about it though   smile 
parent teacher conference    ugh  i hate these things  i'd rather go get a root canal  lol
so blah tonight   sad 
about to go to <propmale>'s parent teacher conference   
i love you <propfirst> <propfirst> kaun! so close to moving down to tx and starting our life together   love  i'm excited     laugh 
bored out of my mind   playful 
20 days  smile 
"ugh nothing says fun like walking your kids to school when the neighborhood is flooded, you have no umbrellas and the bus is late  i think my shoes are ruined, my pants were soaked walking through mid calf waters and my coat is about 5 pounds    that was horrible  sad "
craigslist kicks butt   laugh 
<propfirst> signed the lease to our place today   smile  i'm so excited! and i just found a ton of pretty much new furniture on craigslist  so that means we now have our dining room and living room furnished  love craigslist!
12 days left! i'm getting excited   love 
i ordered something online for my husband for christmas    it is so cool i'm going to burst trying to not tell him what it is!  laugh  i'm so bad at keeping surprises 
"sorry to everyone i haven't kept up with in the last month or so    i have been getting ready to leave  between packing, christmas and the kid's stuff i am ready for a break  i promise i will be around more soon   smile   leaving for texas in 2 days  can't wait to see my husband and settle in  <propfemale> christmas everyone!  love "
worst freakin night of my life  croix and <propmale>'s family hates me and won't talk to me because i'm leaving the 26th  the was the most awkward christmas ever  fml want to feel like the biggest jerk alive? try watching grandmom cry all night and every time she looks at you  grrr
"wow, the drama gets worse  thank god i am done with it!"
"i am hoping and praying this blizzard passes quickly and greyhound doesn't close their bus lines because atm they are down and may be still tomorrow by the time i would have to leave   sad   \i just want to see my husband    so pllllleeeeaaasssseee go away snow "
is suppose to be on her way to texas right now where it is warm but thanks to the snow i am stuck  grrrr
just want to get the hell outta here    i hope i never see snow again   playful 
waiting at a greyhound station hoping they did my tix right since every1 is so rude here they cant e playful lain anything right
ive had it    total time stuck in va   7hrs! i want to scream  i cant take this anymore  they redirected me for a bus 4 diff times only to get turned away  i may not be leaving here today
baking lasagna and looking forward to a quiet evening playing video games with my husband   love 
kids started school today  sad   i hope they have fun and make friends  i miss them already!
so i know its snowing up there in <propfemale> for you guys   just thought you would like to know it is a <propfemale> 73 degrees here in texas today!   laugh 
ugh f-u new facebook profile crap  i do not want it   
waiting with dinner on the table for my hubby to come home from work   love 
omfg   whataburger is freaking amazing!
omg its so hot in tx today  im sweating my butt off waiting for the kids at the bus stop!
you   suck    
going to the alamo today  yay! i've been waiting for this  laugh 
both boys are home sick from school today with colds  boooo  sad 
"so does anyone have any idea why the hell my skin would go nuts when i never have bad skin? do you think climate change can do this to someone? its the only thing i can think of  i'm too old for this crap  why couldn't this happen when i was a teenager like it does to everyone else?  playful   anyway, going to get it checked out when i can but its just really painful   "
i think i'm going crazy without the net    or tv or radio or any other form of entertainment for that matter  lol
"snow day in texas! everything has been closed and cancelled for a dusting of snow, lol "
have the internet for a bit today   yay  smile 
getting my hair done atm  im nervous   hope it turns out good because its a big change  smile 
has been pretty spoiled the last few days  smile    its because i have a good husband  i feel lucky!
going out with the husband tonight    dressing up and surprising him with a present!   playful   noooo not that get your mind out of the gutter!
still not feeling good at all    blah   sad 
so bored  i need a hobby  i looked for volunteer work but there is nothing here i'm qualified for or can do right now  any ideas?
mmmm just made the most delicious cheeseburgers thanks to <propfirst> <propfirst> kaun's good ideas   love   i love weekends and having him home!
"watching some people get busted or arrested for something right in front of my porch  of course i'm being a jerk and sitting and watching  wish i knew what was going on, i'm nosey  smile "
omg so tired of planes  ugh
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you agree"
"just got done running around the house opening all the windows because it was beautiful and breezy out  opened the last one and it started raining hard  had to run back around and shut them all again  oh well, lol    smile "
"boring day   what to do, what to dooooo    *sigh*"
very angry today    i'm tired of people trying to invade my privacy 
"researching my family tree    its fun, confusing and time consuming  ah! i think i'm stuck though   "
