09110aba4eb43d6bf8f36df69b8bb3e1
last day of 09   
"put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer ?   dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  (93% won't copy and paste this, will you?)"
watchin an amzin oprah episode    idk why    annoyed  lol
"love summer, no homework or tests "
i hope my baseball game is not cancelled
happy father's day
my comp is kinda messed  im probably off 4 a while
passed math regents  so happy
is having the most boring week ever   
"the rain has stopped and the sun will come out tomorrow, amen   "
whoever thinks its sad dr  mann is leaving leave a comment
's team is going to the world series!!!
is hanging out with his friends then going to lazer tag 
is not sad <propfirst> <propmale> is gone
made a friend on xbox live from out of the country
is going away this week 
is back from vacation    finally 
has the biggest headache of all time 
is hanging witht friends
finally got his report card
so bored   =[
hangin with more frineds tonite
"goin 2 a wedding tomo, well    2day   "
is 16 in less than 3 months
hilarious baseball vs football vid   http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=om_yq4l3m_i
great p;arty last night  camp for two weeks    bye 
iim baack
i am finally free  from the burden that was slowly drowning me  how long until you reached the hand that rescued me?  you're going under you're going under    this beautiful republic
omg     gi <propfirst> was really good
"wants to go back to skool, but i dont          "
who else was reallyyy bored in science   
wishes i could be as tired at home as i am on the bus   
wants dr mann back for bio
"heard that fan check is a virus, idk just be aware"
blank                
if earth were a golf ball     
dr mann    come back!!!   =[
sssik      frowny 
is liking skillet's new album
yankees win   theeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee yankees win!!!
hates how food always looks bigger in the menu than it really is
wants to see toy story 3
out lookin for new guitar
uhhh yea forgot alllllll my science stuff @ skool   
its the bessssst daaaaaaayy eeeever!!!!!!!-spongebob thanks every1
got free coffee @ starbucks
a thrilla by godzilla!
"i know that you're alive you came to fix my broken life and i sing to glorify your holy name, jesus christ"
got braces
another yankee walkoff   
movie @ 5
just saw surrogates  pretty good
moree xtra innings     
yessss! 5-0 yanks!
noooo! rain out   
will fail the bio test
yankees better win
i know i know    its not the chain rule   
yankees must win 2nite
yanks gonna win   i can feeel it   
"so many leaves, so little time   "
"if i could adopt any baby, i would take the e-trade baby  lol"
got a 91 average
cannot believe that blue is a girl  it makes no sense
is totally clueless about all geometry on earth
vote <propmale> <propfirst>! lol
i think <propmale> and db gave my laptop a virus wit all the 2000 notifications they made
hate my computer  soooo much ;#
i did it!! -2 lbs!
sssick   i cant go =[
ugh   bored  2day was fun tho
omg    sooo tired from the longest day of my life yesterday   
anyone know how 2 make a fan <propfemale>??
watching everybody loves <propfirst>
any1 kno if we hav skool tomorow
snow day!!!!!!!!!!!
hates how all teachers try to get in a test before a break
bak from work
is it just me? why does it not feel like christmas??  annoyed 
ughh    practice tomo    early
toy storyyyyy
new year   so   now wat
boy i love when a propane tank leaks and like my whole town is evacuated  just another normal day
still has 2 read 100 pages in that book for english
"bak from the match, and did pretty good"
4 stars   2 enthusiastic thumbs up!
cant wait for baseball season
please pray fro my g-ma  she had a heart attck and is not doing well
my grandma is doing mcuh better thanks to much prayer thank you every1
"skool, match tomo  so yea thats it"
"so my shoulder is rely screwed and i got 2 take mri and x rays, this sux   "
who studied 4 english & math????? annoyed 
"got a 73 in spanish, wat is that a joke??? i knew every thing!!"
just tried bad company 2 and it is insanee!
"this past week, my grandmother passed away  we all miss her, it is very sad for all of us  she is gone, but i know she is more sorry to see us stay than we are to see her go  thank you god she knows you "
doesnt see any point in goin 2 skool tomorow
any1 know wat packet the lab is in?
i hatee lag sooo much   
stupid is as stupid does
wooow    permits r mad e playful ensive   
just got 2nd in a mapmaking competition
sheep hearts are disgusting
pleas keep my family in ur prayers  my dad resigned and we wont have insurance <propfemale> few weeks
ok i seriously think some1 hacked my facebook   
baseball will def  b outside mon 
baseball tomo  finally
"there are two guys sitting at a bar, ordered the same drink at the same exact time, the first man drinks his very quickly, second man waits about 20 minutes, drinks his drink falls over and dies  in a few minutes, another gentleman sits down and this time, he downs his drink quickly and dies instantly  what happened to both men?"
"ok, i found out my highest grade is in math,lol? ironic"
cant get enough baseball   
doin nuthin
"i want to kno, want to know wat you were thinkin  i cant imagine why it didnt even sink in  they say u never kno wat u got 'till its gone "
good job scs baseball team  keep it up!
"'if your love is an ocean, we're all sinking \"",2010-03-21 03 surprise 5:53""",09110aba4eb43d6bf8f36df69b8bb3e1,uhhh   skool tomo  booo  baseball tomo  yes!!!
"\you are my strong tower  shelter over me  beautiful and mughty  everlasting <propmale>  you are my strong tower  fortress when i'm weak  your name is ture and holy  and your face is all i see \"""""
"born twice, you die once  born once, you die twice "
o b a m a= one big ass mistake <propfemale>
i gotta find bubba
gonna watch the first pitch of the season in a half hr
"first game tomorow, itll be fun lol"
so i have to move   this suxx   annoyed 
"lets get pumped for tomo basebal team! if we can take 2 from port <propmale>, we can take at least 1 from southold"
did bad today sry guys
"\i dont wanna gain the whole world and lose my soul\"""""
must i do everything???
w4nts 2 d0 my p4p3r f0r 3n5115h l1k3 sh4k1m4 lmao
so i come back from my game back to the skool at like 8  and i see <propfemale> still sitting in that seat behind the lunch counter  lmao
they say hate is such a strong word  isn't love so much stronger than hate??  smile 
ugh   thesis paper in 1 day     annoyed 
ughh  sickness   leave  now!
had an une playful ected week off this week
"so i got into a argument about y bein gay is wrong and using the bible to disprove their point told them the truth about it  but they said (at the end) that they would rather burn in hell forever than to not support gays  =[  god forgive them, they konw not what they do "
"just found out the next cod is gonna be called \call of duty 'black ops' \"""""
reach beta!!!
must do good against center moriches nxt week
just found out in ny the penalty for jumping off a building is death lol?
just mowed a lawn for the first time in my life lmao
can there be any more birthdays this week lol
"wooow selig wont reverse the call  so much for the perfect game,"
"game, then cages, then hw, then idk"
totally digging the end of the yr feeling lol
omgod history was <propfemale> easy thank god
say toy story and it was awesome  smile 
"how about i dont get 3 bs balks in a game, is that ok?   annoyed "
going to take my permit test today
threw a complete game & beat longwood yeahhh!!
can there be anything more annoying than a 5 yr old screaming into ur headset while ur playing a game?
arm hurts    annoyed 
"hate bugs, hate bugs, hate bugs   "
is now offially street legal
summer needs to sloow down
boxen    i bought 2 boxen of donuts 
why do umpires have to sukk so much???
"why si everyone watching jersey shore, its so stupid"
can switching to geico really save you 15% or more on car insurance? does a forward drill sergeant make a good psychiatrist?
i wish my <propfemale> could be as low as my batting average
eating   at 2 am lol
"\honk if u love jesus  txt while driving if you want to meet him \"" lolz"""
diabeetus     best commercial lmao
went out & reserved halo: reach today
do routine things spectacularly rather than spectacular things routinely
one month and one day until reach  smile 
"going to sleep at 3 used to be fun, now its a boring habit i cant stop -_-"
i love how theres more people on @ 1 am than at 1 pm lol
huuhh   people  
watching <propmale> gump 
"isnt it ironic how so many people cant make one decision about something that matters in life, but @ starbucks they can make 6 decisons in like 10 seconds     "
can switching to geico rely save u 15% or more on car insurance? is a bird in the hand worth 2 in the bush?
"watchin the yanks go on to another victory, w a full team, unlike red sox haha <propfirst> o'brien"
so i chipped my tooth on a folding table   how does that work??
"wow drivng is like, mad easy haha"
racking up the <propmale> lol
"one day down, a lot to go lol"
needs to talk 2 <propfirst> tomasino haha
just drove at 65 mph hahaa so easy lol
never forget 9 11 
"wow i sprained my ankle, what the heck"
"apparently to <propfemale> <propmale> im not loud enouugh, but what is loud anyway? who is the definition of loud? lol"
reaaaaaachhhhhhh
"every1 needs a night every now and then to not do homework, just for the sake of not doing it"
woow i rely wish my computer would stop constantly refreshing the <propfemale>
"life is too short to not laugh, but again life is too long not to laugh"
the only difference between obama and osama is bs hahaha
on crutchessssss     annoyed 
yeahh <propfirst> texiera doin work haha <propfirst> o'brien lmao
convinced this guy on xbox live that i was an asian lmao
playing guitarrrrr     
i am free from the evil clutches of my crutches lol
in my last few hours of being 16 lol
"better is one day in your courts, better is one day in your house, than thousands elsewhere"
"\i like it on my\"" no just shut up"""
i hate it when my b string doesnt stay in tune   
"drivers <propmale> tomo, then that awesome guy <propfirst> jones is comin over haha"
"we did it, we did it, oh yeah yeah yeah  no eating here tonight, nonono eating here tonight you on a diet"
yeah yankees doin work!!!!! haha
applying for toys r us
"now that its 9 at nite, i prob  should start studying for the 3 test i have tomo lmao"
every night i fall asleep at like 1130 then i regret it during chemisrty
completed reach on legendary    alone lol
was doin an awesome video project today lol
made spanish honor society
my mom just asked me if magellan was the first to circumcise the world             i stood there for about a <propfemale>  until she realized wat she said wrong        awkaaaaaard  annoyed 
"oww, thank you orthodontist for tightening my braces 2 times the norm, oww"
"tomorow is friday, tgif lol"
"in the beginning, god created heaven and earth, the rest came from <propfemale>"
i get the feeling that <propfirst> o'brien is very happy about last night     lol
mr  tringone
youre a jerk
is <propmale> tomlinson's masuse lol
<propfirst> tomasino for president hahahaha
drivers <propmale> tomo morning (ugh mornings) then music and xbox with friendsssss
dressed up as an old man and went around the neighborhood trying to hitch hike lol
doing carreer planning stuff    ugh i hate this
i think i might go and pre-order black ops       
contgratulastions to <propmale> fabiano adeclat for being the first person without a shirt in sgt
lesson of the day: many people believe that the nanosecond is the shortest time period  this is not true  it is the idiosecond  this is the time between when the ligth turns green and the idiot behind you starts honking away at you 
black ops = pre ordered
poke war with <propfemale> latsch lol
if a tree falls with no one (or anything around it) does it make a sound? idk does it <propmale> monaco <propmale> ?????
today feels sooooo much like a saturday and idk why
anyone else realize that theyre like repaving every road ever lol
"ughh tomo's monday, i hate when that happens"
"well its not what i hoped for, but i have no other option, i have to apply to mcdonalds   "
"the sun might not be up at 6 am, but the scs wrestlers are haha"
woow i just pwned college kids in jeopardy lmao
"ooh yay now after a weekend of waking up at 5 am unintentionally, i get to do it again tomo!!!      great   "
buddhism: how can a guy who's 600 pounds overweight possibly have the nerve to teach people about self-discipline?
"its all good people, nothings broken and im not paralyzed but it still hurts like hell"
can switching to geico really save you 15% or more on car insurance?      do wood<propmale>s <propmale> wood?
just saw a can that e playful ires on nov 31  ironically there happens to be no nov  31
happy thanksgiving people of the nite lol
must have played guitar for like 5 hrs yesterday  haha i feel like <propfirst> becher lmao
"is peace a time between wars, or is war a time between peace?"
just put up the tree and cats are trying to eat it lol
"watching <propmale> almighty, it mad good lol"
"anyone else feel it? it doesnt feel like christmas     agin, just like last yr  wat up ????  annoyed "
those things you wish you never did   
 annoyed 
making a spanish menu (why?)
playing a 12 string giutar cuz its so manly
so why are we all putting our profile pics as animae characters agian?
"sorry people but i dont have time to be \politically correct\""   merry christmas!!!"""
ughhh english blog
"god is no respector of persons  if he was, none of us would be here"
i really wish that businesses can actually hire people who really need to work to got a car to drive to school  but why would they do that? that would be a dumb idea wouldnt it
all this yucky rain really be amazing snow
going to bed now so for once in a week i can get a reasonable amount of sleep good nite facebook ppl
can switching to geico really save you 15 percent or more on car insurance? do wood<propmale>s <propmale> wood?
i helped <propmale> w his problem lol
i strained my voice by singing in too high a key and now coughing like crazy  annoyed  aahh
no drivers <propmale> for 2 weeks  that is officially awesome
i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  will you do it?
playing christmas music in church tomo this should be funnn
"youth band now officially has a name-\salt and light\"""""
there really has to be almost nothing better than a white christmas
tomo will be the most pointless awesome day of the year
oh i dont have skool tomo  thank god lol
word its snowing at my house  smile 
so today i go to my orthodontist and he puts on a 'power bracket'   that sounds  really  comfortable? great  -_-
you know something? <propfirst> <propfemale> il just really sucks
"greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him      he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post"
its a wonderful life
<propfemale> christmas (at 1200 am)
waiting for this totally awesome blizzard were gonna have
dear facebook: please stop making updates that just really suck  thank you
i love drving in blizzards where pple still go 70 on the lie and skid into ditches lol
"wow they just plowed my street, its not like its actually gonna do anything though cuz why would they do that?"
"hmmm  pie, pie     oh! you mean this pie!"
"if the answer was obama, it must have been a really stupid question"
did we really just have a break? i didnt even notice
<propfirst> caparros is such a beastly man
english bloggggg
teaching <propfirst> <propfirst> how to play baseball lol
thank you lord for using todays technology to bring back your lost sheep to the flock
taking the easiest english regents ever tomo haha
whoever says blogabl warming is where were going should take a look at all this snow were getting and just shut up
uhh yea im not going to skool tomo lol
what i learned in boating school is     
i hate english regents   hate it hate it hate it
pt sure is finding a lot of places i never knew hurt
just remembered we have off on monday   yessssss  smile 
"soiled it, soiled it, soiled it     "
"i have to say im not a jets fan, but im with them on this one  smile "
i reeeely want to go outside lol
so totally studying for <propfirst> monteiro's math midterm tomo      smile 
i looooove when people take the books i need to study for midterms
"state of the union, lets see what obama has to say about how he \plans\"" to fix the economy by more government spending"""
anyody know what rouseeau said about govt???
"no question about it, a snowblower is coming in for next year lol"
"historyyyyyy tomo, piece of cake  smile "
ughhh i have to go to frivers <propmale> early tomo to make up a class     -_-
omg i cant find like any accidents for driver <propmale> project  annoyed 
"dear <propfemale>, you're bilingual at age 4, and you seriously can't see the damn orange tree?! sincerely, it's right there (hahaha)"
yessss im done w  drivers <propmale> foreverrrrrr  smile 
yessss pack'ssss haha
"in the last days evil shall be seen as good, and good seen as evil "
"a rumor may travel faster, but certainly does not stand longer than the truth-ronald <propfemale>"
"hey guys, im on facebook right now"
"when the government over-rules the will of the people, the people have just had their rights taken away; aka california court case over gay marriage"
"sooo, its a little <propfemale> outside, i guess?? lol"
i cant hear anything now haha but idc hahaha
catch with the pops lol  smile 
by the way     
baseball season??? i think yesssss  smile 
bible essay= done  smile  that was easyyy
"seems like the later the night wears one, the more people that are on facebook   hmmm =? haha"
show me your <propfemale>
"baseball teams should come together and watch a baseball game, to like point things out, like all the mistakes the mets make  hahahaha-coachh"
"i believe in jesus christ and have accepted him as my personal savior  one person on fb has challenged all believers to put this on their wall   in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you before my father at the gates of heaven  (<propmale> 10 smile 3) this is simple   if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this  just copy and paste "
yo know if you run a godzilla movie backwards it looks like a giant dinosaur helps to rebuild a city from ruin and then <propfemale> walks back into the sea  random fact haha
"what does it say about american culture when we need to have mini m&m's? i mean like, can you not finish a whole one or something? or is there too much chewing involved? please, enlighten me lmao"
on the man <propfirst> and its mad quiet haha
"it figures that the first thing i do when i get home is to set off my house alarm and put the neighborhood into a panic because of the \robbers\"""""
"the best thing you can do is to live by faith and not by sight, except when you're driving  thats probably not a great idea"
sat prep= -____-
"my knee hurts soooo bad now, but ive had too many injuries this year, and im not gonna get another one, im just not going to take this  in jesus' name leave me!!!"
illegal immigrants have my job right now  annoyed  no mas
some people dont believe that miracles happen every day   i beg to differ
numa numa  love 
"i come home to find that all the things i thought were just really cold were acutally sopping wet, wow i hate water and absence of heat"
yankees doin work like always  smile 
