755584fa7274a5ee691c6807037d4b85
day of shopping and a loony toons marathon? this year's off to a great start!
bored 
fml
really doesn't care that much about <propfirst> <propmale>  she always liked <propfirst> mays more 
baked cookies  they are awesome 
needs to finish unpacking 
it hurts to move 
"that's enough, <propfirst> <propfirst> "
go go power rangers!
gonna lie in the tub with some bubble bath and <propfirst> bowie music until the feeling returns to my feet 
"a message to the girl who wanted a refund at the end of my shift when we were super busy: i hate you, you're a horrible person, and i hope whatever food you did end up eating instead gives you a bad case of food poisoning "
thanks everybody  i had a nice day 
me vs  you me- starving wolverine you- baby covered in pork chops
has fresh-baked cookies  they're pretty amazing 
is sick 
can't find her phone 
's hands smell like onions 
seems to lose a pair of socks everytime she does laundry 
saved a lady bug today 
"just ran into a door  clearly, my observational skills need some work "
why am i still awake?
"well, i can cross \stab hitler to death\"" off my list of cool crap i never thought i'd get to do """
can't find her ipod  it's gonna be a long walk to work 
sooooooooooooooo tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiired 
looks like there'll be no sleep after all 
is going to punch her computer through a window 
how is it that chocolate can make everything better?
"your body will ask for it by name, because your organs will grow mouths "
"the black hawk war, or, how to demolish an entire civilization and still feel good about yourself in the morning, or, we apologize for the inconvenience but you're going to have to leave now, or i have fought the big knives and will continue to fight them "
"has become addicted to uno  also, she's discovered her latent anger issues "
let's go fly a kite! up to the higest height! let's go fly a kite and send it soaring!
had a good day 
likes her hair this way 
does not want the latest version of itunes  stop asking!
pissed off 
indivizzibizzle 
one day i will rule candyland with an iron fist 
blargh 
just cleaned the kitchen and will kill the next person who messes it up 
"happy slapsgiving, everyone!"
has awakened from the food coma to realize that it's finally christmas season 
did you see that unicorn? it's horn was so shiny 
bad day 
paper due tomorrow  paper due thursday  23-page worksheet due friday  it's gonna be a long week 
maybe the island of misfit toys wouldn't be around if some of the elves didn't suck at their jobs 
blargh 
"fun fact people don't seem to realize: if you email 150 people asking for class notes, it helps if you actually put what the class is "
"we need something simple, elegent  so we're going with my plan to put him in a bag and hit him with a rake?"
"alright, we have to make this flying jellyfish talk  go get me a toaster and some rubber gloves "
went to the wrong building for her final this morning 
stupid blizzard 
so much for the family being together for christmas 
making cookies!
maybe i should kick you in the face with my fist 
"well this term paper isn't done yet, but at least my farmville is organized "
is not pleased with her new work schedule 
"giving up on the car thing, i'm getting a tricycle!"
it is 65 degrees out  why in god's name did someone turn the heater up to 80? get a frickin blanket 
"don't leave the duck there  it's totally irresponsible  put it on the swing, it'll have much more fun "
"anybody wanna take me to work and pick me up tomorrow?    yeah, didn't think so "
so we're going with my plan to put him in a bag and hit him with a rake?
wednesday-play wii with t-pain
doesn't have to be a hobo next year!
"finds screaming chickens hilarious  thanks, superbowl commercials "
is eating a big bowl of instant mashed potatoes  such a healthy diet 
this is your brain on canadians 
that old spice commercial cracks me up every time i see it 
unicorns don't talk to strangers 
it is a beautiful day outside  why does my roommate think the heater needs to be cranked up to 85?
"take off that sombrero, i will not be mocked!"
lost my voice 
conan o'brien is coming to tulsa! who has a car and wants to go with me?
yes! mulan is on!
i'm a happy zombie
"how come a transvestite donkey witch is standing next to you, and why is it wearing a dress?"
stop sending me invites to events that aren't even in my state!
rode an elephant today  my life is awesome 
narwhals  they're the jedi of the sea 
my idea of team work is a lot of people doing whatever i say 
"as long as i don't spend any money for about two months, i shouldn't have to sell any important organs to pay my rent "
<propmale> roosevelt: like a cross between <propfirst> boone and <propmale> <propmale> 
just saw a commercial for the <propmale> potter amusement park  i wanna goooooooooo!!!!!
ever have one of those dreams where you think you wake up but you're still dreaming and everything starts happening like it did in the first dream you had and it makes you freak out?
just found $10 in these pants  immd 
everyone in the <propmale> army's heard of <propmale> stiglitz 
who are you people!?
blargh so many wedding pictures i have to upload 
"blargh, back to school work tomorrow "
finished
these cheerios taste like muffins  i am amazed 
wants to be a powerpuff girl!
i either need a job or a blackmarket surgeon looking for a kidney 
it's too hot to wear pants!
"dear stomach,\there is nothing left in you to throw back up  please stop trying  i do not appreciate it \sincerely, <propfirst>"
"his crew includes a badger with a troubled past and nothing left to lose! an elephant who never forgets   to kill! and a seldom-used crab named lucky, aka citizen snips!"
"look, i'm woody! howdy howdy howdy!"
roommate is sitting in the middle of the dark living room holding a bouquet of flowers she tried to sell me for $ 75  i am officially creeped out 
"once again, we meet at last "
how am i supposed to get my yearly dose of sunlight tomorrow if it won't stop raining?
it's raaaaaaaaining!
whooo germany!
that soccer guy's gonna be coughing up chunks of lung tomorrow 
"sorry, i was telling these sharks that i was going to be a little late to our weekly poker game "
"i love you, old spice guy "
i must ride my jetski-lion into the sunset 
cleaning!
moving day!
everything is sore 
made cookies!
"dear person driving by my window at 2 am annoyed please turn down your bass  your music's bad and you should feel bad  i hope you go deaf \love, <propfirst>"
"in the year 1 million and a half, human kind is enslaved by giraffes "
shark week
just found a stash of old pokemon cards  my day has been made 
why doesn't anybody want to hire me?
making cookies!
delicious chocolate chip cookies
just made some seriously delicious grilled cheese 
i made cookies!
pancakes!
cannot be sick already this year 
"historically, syphilis is right up there with germans  it wiped out the romanovs, it decimated our fleet at <propfemale> harbor, and of course, <propmale> castro impersonated <propfemale> <propmale> and gave president kennedy a case of syphilis so severe that eventually it blew the back of his head off "
thank you everybody! birthday's been great 
bad day   annoyed \
either i'm going crazy or i believe i just felt an earthquake 
wizard lightning battle
has cap'n crunch and is dressed as a <propfemale>  today is a good day 
"that's so romantic, i just want to fill a pillow case with dead batteries and beat you with it "
"built a fort out of blankets and furniture in the living room  yeah, go ahead and feel jealous  it's okay "
jukebox the ghost is coming to okc  who wants to be awesome and go with me?
watching super-crappy horror movies on amc   love 
"okay, should not have watched that movie about the evil killer puppet ghost  bad move, self "
"spent the past couple hours watching scary movies with swine flu  yeah, that's gonna go well when i try to sleep "
why do you people let me watch scary movies!?
what happens to all the cakes that don't win on food network contests?
"well hello, captain  my name is galactic president superstar mcawesometown "
needs a snazzy title for a paper about zombies 
fml 
