ed25f97df720930f854a13662a473b5c
good morning 2011  love  ohhhhh dooo i hate being <propmale> over!
oh so tired  zzzzzzzz sweat dreams
still trying to get the <propfemale> of facebook!  love 
having a horrible 4th of july    maybe going to <propfemale> <propfirst> is in my best interest   smile 
relaxing  smile 
can't wait for some pizza <propfemale> bbq chicken pizza  smile 
gave myself a facial and now about to wax my <propfemale> lol
"wow, in-n-out is amazing "
can't wait for the face and body e playful o in san <propfirst>!
playing <propfirst> cart on the n64! relaxing  
"extremely tried, had a long but fun night! off to san <propfirst> in the \morning!"
"back from the skin e playful o and i have to say it was fun! i got some lip plumper, candles, spacells exfoilating brush, pink poleka <propfemale> hair wrap and a zibra print one! oh, and some spacells sandles that are anti-bacterial and funal annnnnd they exfolate your feet while you walk! amazing! lol"
"i'm so going back to san <propfirst> new strip mall when i'm 21! bars, boys & gucci   it can't go wrong  wink "
"health update! lol i come to found out i have a slight curvature to the spine and  premature atrial contractions of the heart! yippee lol no worries, they both aren't concerning but need to be aware of "
"exhausted  i need some sleep!   love  cheese, craskers & summer sausage!"
study time!
"got through my phase two finals, bring on the stress of models week!! i need a vacation!  whats going down this weekend?!"
people can be so blind sometimes!
"i've waxed more brazilian than anything else! let me know if you want to be waxed!  love  i do, do more than bikini   wink  damn summer time! haha"
no more shaving for me!  smile 
river rafting trip needs to be planned or skydiving or camping!! i'm up for anything  wink 
any good ideas for saturday night?
i can't seem to find a way to wake up!! coffee needs to kick in    bring on the excitement of a saturday night!
today is a beautiful! lets do something  smile  hit me up
"awe, relaxation  smile "
i always find what i'm not looking for    i need some girl time! who wants to do something tonight?
long night but slept enough for three!! waxing <propfirst> and <propmale> today! i really need to start advertising my waxing skills and make some side money while i'm still in school  let me know if your interested!
platinum certification for my micro!! sold 307$ of product and 5 microdermabrasion series packages in 2 weeks!! pays off to work hard and smile! proud to be a winner hahaha
"models week for body treatments soon  message me if interested in getting your body scrubbed, washed and moisturized    by me! lol great prices too "
horrible friday afternoon lets hope today things start getting better! going down town for lunch or maybe a road trip to tahoe 
"beading!! going to make my first set of ear rings, necklace and bracelet "
today was extremely long   goodnight!
"today felt like the longest day ever!! i hate getting out of school so late but i do love getting over time  smile       now to decide what to do tonight, bar code, bbq or house to myself? hummmmm, sleep is looking good! lol"
bring the snow! i can't wait for snowboarding season  smile 
what is the definition of a friendship    i think majority of people understand what real friends our 
i ment don't understand lol view last post  smile 
i'm sick of crazy & disrespectful guys! if anyone can direct me to the nice ones that would be great!!   i'm starting to loose a lot of faith in men   being completely single and by myself is way better than putting up with bullshit! if your full of shit please do me a favor and stay away lol
"had a awesome night out with <propfemale> and <propmale> out with some great friends and family! time for a nap, 3 hours of sleep just isn't working out lol"
sushi was great but i'm so full now! i'm almost in a food koma! not looking forward to a week of test and practicals  going to be stressful!
"starting to stress out about my week that is soon to come  test, tests, and more tests    not fun at all!! wish me luck because if i don't pass i don't move on to the last phase of school! i'm going to make some great kona coffee and start studying right now!"
my eyes are starting to burn from all this ready!! why can't it be friday already!  smile )
why must i mess up on everything lol reading not ready! please someone slap me to wake up! haha
"had a fun night out! checked out my girls new place and now relaxing at <propfemale> house, waiting for the night to begin!"
tahoe tomorrow!  wink  i need a vacation 
"back from tahoe  it's was pretty awesome, had a great time and made some new snowboarding buddies!~"
can't wait to go back to tahoe this weekend!! pleaseee let this week go by fast! i hope i have a relaxed week too  over all my test and finals sooo not stressed out as much  i can't wait for snow  smile 
in 5 nights i believe i've only gotten 16 hours of sleep    i'm so drained  i hate missing school because of sleep induced sickness lol witch means i feel so tired and sick and have a migraine that it's a never ending cycle  going to take a bath and hope that will put me to bed  goodnight or morning lol
off to tahoe!! can't wait to e playful lore new sites with my new <propmale>!
"back from tahoe! had a awesome weekend, beautiful weather and great people!"
why do i have a feeling someone going to flake! lol
<propfemale> be cool &dcup - we no speak americano  haha songs is awesome  wink 
only 3 1 2 more weeks of school  smile  i'm so excited! sick of studying and free labor but i love those tips!  smile  thanks to everyone that has supported me!  love 
"passed another chapter test so it's looking good!\ i'm not a jersey shore girl but i love spray tans! lol i love my life, now off to work out! yeee yeee "
"made myself a turkey sandwich, let the night begin!! lol"
stressing!! last final & practical this week  aweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee    going crazy!!
had a great time last night made some new friends but i'm hurting today! lol slept in and took a nap  sponge <propmale> <propmale> n cheese is not tasting so good either    give me a jingle if your up for anything!
i hate being sick! you suck class lol whoo's next in line for a crappy cold!
graduation date : october 20th at 4 smile 0!!! yaya 
actually october 19th i forgot it changed lol
finished my last test for school now state board drills for the rest of the day  if you want a wax or facial better come next week because i'm almost out!!
what a beautiful saturday  good weather means good times  smile  i'm looking forward to going out  all i neeed is <propfemale> to be ready!  wink 
"can i ever feel like a million bucks?! i swear i'm always so tired   maybe i need to start drinking more coffee and get only 7 to 8 hours of sleep  not more, not less   i need to find that happy medium  playful  last night was interesting lol"
i can't wait till my girls move into there new place! halloweeen here we come! sooo excited!
can't wait for school tomorrow! pot luck  smile ) i'm making <propfemale> wine cake and maybe something else  we'll seeeeee if i'm up for cooking veggie chicken pasta  8 more days till i graduate! yayaa!
i can't believe on my graduation day i have to take two clients lol hope my curls don't fall out!!! chelsea kayla casey - can't wait for the big move!! we need a <propfemale> night  smile 
can't believe how crappy my day turned out yesterday! at least i graduated from beauty school and that went pretty well  got in my first car accident right afterward and more important people really hurt my feelings   i guess it's time to move on  
having a horrible week! every aspect of my life right now is going to the shitter other than my career  lets hope i have no other time for anything but work soon  i really need to be cheered up!  annoyed 
"yumm, veggie pasta! chicken, bacon, cauliflower, asparagus ,zuccni and brussels sprouts and a side of love!  love 33"
"playful, kind, and well-loved, you are the peach   for\ such a warm-hearted, generous person, you’re surprisingly e playful erienced \in both love and sex  we credit your spontaneous side; you tend to live \in the moment   wait there's more"
"reno tahoe here i come!! it's about to be crazy tonight, should of been a snow <propfemale> instead of a warrior <propfemale>  smile  lol let it snow, let it snow   let it snow"
wow! last night was crazy fun!!!! aweeee  good times to come because i'm almost 21!   smile ))))
getting ready to do my part for this shit whole state lol just playing  love  cali  smile )
another great night with <propfemale> at bullwings! i can't believe how crazy our day was! oh man! heading out to pick <propfirst> girl up  smile 
"can't believe i live in a <propfemale> happy state! good luck, no one is getting my money haha stupid car accident   "
i'm in the mood for something new and delicious! i was thinking food but i just got the new xbox kinect   yaaahhh <propmale>! rollin like a big shot   wink 
"bowling, coffee and good friends is all i need + a tall can  wink ! definitely enjoyed my day now it's time to study  annoyed "
"<propfemale> i'm <propfemale>o excited to see everyone tonight!! aweee, it's going to <propfemale> <propfemale> fun! miss my esti girls!  love 33 i'm bringing  bbq little smokies and plenty of dollar bills!  wink   lets make it rain! haha all in good fun "
loving life! rainy sundays give me a reason to stay home and study more! last night was so much fun!  love 33 definitely a night to remember  smile 
"can't believe in 20 more days, i'll finally be 21! who's coming out with me?!? state board tomorrow    super nervous and stressing  annoyed "
off to fairfield   annoyed 
officially a licensed esthetician!! ya baby  smile   much love to everyone that's been there for me!
off to help <propfemale> paint her new place!!!  love 3 text me
photo shoot with <propfemale> tomorrow! excited  smile )
"what to doooo, what too dooo   "
hanging out with my grandma in physical therapy rehab    smile  i wish i could lay in bed and have machines work my legs out for me! lol and get facials and my feet rub by my grand duaghter  who new getting your knees replaced would be so much fun! lol  love  love  text me
super frustrated! i hate when i have to take things into my own hands all the time because no one else can do it right!!   tired and cranky      than later! day 4 with my gma for recovery   this is going to be a long loonggggggg month!
10 more days till i'm 21!!!!!!!!! aweeeee love   lets get this show on the road!
i really need a tv in my room! black friday is around the corner so is my birthday  wink  maybe i'll get lucky this year haha 
happy thanksgiving everyone!  smile  i know i'm going to be stuffed   get my fat girl jeans out lol
the big weekend is finally here! who's looking to go out downtown tonight? hit <propfemale> r  up becuase i have no idea where they are taking me!  love  love  love  21st baby!
getting ready! everyone come out and get drinks with me!  hit up <propfemale> rodriguez for the celebration info!  smile ))
mimosa at ink  love    going with the parents for a late lunch for my birthday!
bj's here i come! downtown anyone?
had an amazing night for my birthday! had a million and one drinks! yes i ended the night blacked out and puking but it was still awesome!!  love  love  couldn't of ask for anything better   love you girlies!
"heart shaped applecran pies  love  loving the holidays more and more each year  smile  christmas lights are going up today! no ifs, ands or butttts i need a full month of heart warming christmas spirit!"
waiting     why is it when you go to the doctors   they ask you to be early to wait around   honestly an hour! kaiser sucks    sad 
i hate car problems! specially when i need to get shit done today    f my life!!
feeeling lucky! job offer and an interview tomorrow    but they can't match <propmale> hills or lale spa wow!
"interview at 1 smile 0 aahhhh, i'm nervous   love "
"i've decided i want to get my massage therapy license too!  love  don't ever stop educating yourself  smile   business degree is next on my list!!\ bow chica wowwow    can't stop this high roller love "
hanging out with my friend <propfirst> shaw chardonnay decorating the house love  haha who's wants to join!
"i sware, i couldn't get a guy if my life depended on it!! home alone, snuggling with myself & watching movies since my interview got rescheduled till wednesday        what toooo doo   "
save me!  love 
shmammerd hahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
anyone know of a good speed waxing course i can take??
it's wild wednesday who wants to do something  smile  im in the mood tooo mingle!
i'm amazed how many people in this world is full of bullshit!   don't know where tooo begin!  thinking about it makes me sick     
i feel like crap! every inch of my body hurts including my insides & head! whyyy meee!  even my feelings hurt haha
"going to make creme brulee cheesecake bars  love      to bad i don't have a bubby to\share them with   stupid holiday cravings lol   "
"i swear dumb dumbs work at kaiser haha      getting coffeee, thanks to <propfirst> lol  love "
attention fb friends           i don't have a phone!  need to get a hold of me than message me and i'll try to get back to you sooner than later!
i believe my phone is back on and working   love 
out of my mind frustrated! why can't things ever go my way     fml i need to go out to blow off some steam!
"please tell me why at 8 this morning    either some credit card scam called me and tried to trick me that someone in jail was calling    or someone in jail called me this morning      hope it wasn't my ex bf,  all i have to say to that is ffffffff uuuuuu !!! hhahaha    am i the only one here? lol or does this happen to people  "
"i don't want a lot for christmas\there is just one thing i need\i don't care about the presents\underneath the christmas tree\\i just want you for my own\more than you could ever know\make my wish come true\all i want for christmas\is you love "
off to grandmas for christmas eve love 
going to play soccer in the rain love  eg high school   bring back some good memories  smile  <propfemale> christmas everyone!    you know your a nerd when the only gift you get is a video game lol
dexter love  then walmart and hopefully something fun 
who wants to go to bullwings with meeeeee ??
strikes 9 smile 0  love 
on my way to see cirque dreams holidaze  love 
whats the dealio tonight!?!?! new years <propfemale>     i need details lol downtown??
people keep driving on a one way street with me and guess what! i just cut you off hahaa aint no thang but a chicken waanngg   has it been raining flies or are people full of shit these days! hahaaa  starting to love life moreee and moreee    riding solo is working for me  smile  had fun at bullwings lastnight love 
"do you pour a little something on the rocks\slide down the hallway in your socks\when you undress, do you leave a path\then sing through your nose in a bubble bath  love "
reason why i don't go out    i feel like a zombie right now!
never let your une playful ierenced mother wax your legs lol where are my esti girls at!! i'm tired of waxing myself   smile 
 love  true blood  got to love it!
i can't believe that im getting a cold    it's been sooooo long since i've been sick! fml  annoyed  horrible timing     
had a relaxing night with <propfemale> lastnight love  day two girls night at my casa  paying the dance game on xbox kinect and watching movies 
emergency c + b-complex + ip + workout = feeling a little better  smile  dance central  here i come  love  after a walk with <propfemale> 
i have butterflies in my tummy  love  crossing my fingers for the dermalogica station in ulta!
snow day  smile 
i'm a soccer mom  smile  got a sweet deal on a very nice <propfirst>! road  trips here i come  love  love  don't hate
"i feel like i'm about to be blind sided with a handful of shit! maybe if i avoid it, it won't hurt so much     orr i wonder if i should ignore the clues theeen  i won't figure out the puzzle hahahahaa worried and feel like crap "
"had a very fun and eventful night went to the monkey bar then hopped on the <propfemale> <propmale> for <propfemale> pub night theeeeenn made my way to townhouse where i listened to a live band, watched a burlesque show & black n white horror film  <propfemale> odd but so fun! lol"
"seriously, why me!!!  sad (((((((( life always has to be so complicated! i need to be cheered up  <propfirst> hurryyyyy up and <propfemale> out with me! totoally confused and crushed "
why can't it be feb 20th   i'm in need of a vacation in the snow! 4 day alpine trip sounds amazing right now <propfemale> does la for the weekend - skin and body e playful o  esti girls who's up for some career browsing?!
kings game baby!! going to have a blast with mocha!  smile 
gosh i'm suchhh a sucker for bullshit! hahaaa i really need to step my game up!! to go out or not to gooo out     might just need to be dd and kick it old school  lol
my head is pounding but it was good seeeing everyone lastnight! wishh i had a chef to cook me lunch right about now lol craving cheese steak thursday at swobbies    thursday why can't you be today!
saw 3d is horribly nasty! had to turn the 3d off jeeeeze lol my stomach hurts from watching 
excited for a family superbowl party!!  love 
"i swear, i can't believe i'm sick again!  sad "
2nd interview with dermalogica saturday  smile  super nervous but jeeeeze i'm sick of being bored! no one tells you how hard it can be finding a job out of school 
102 fever - feeling terrible & only got a few hours of sleep! whyy <propfemale> lol but it's still a beautiful day 
got a new phone  smile  samsung vibrant
"heyy, i'm in need of some clientele!! anyone interested in getting facials or waxing done by me  smile  i'm working at true salon & spa in old elk grove  call in to make an appointment 686-6733  pretty pretty please!  smile "
it's hailling super hard at my house!! what the heck it was <propfemale> 3 mins ago!
"superr tired from work today, i'm in need of a drink lol bullwingssssss ehhh  bj's maybe, stayin in most likely haha unless someone wants to join!"
"ok, double steak burrito isnt as good as i wanted it to be  annoyed  damn taco <propfemale>! !"
"ahhh, got the house to muself for the weekend  love it!"
"hot tub time, oohhh yeeaaahh! speed waxing class went well other than the front of my legs got waxed but not the back!  howw rude! haha"
"feeling good! went to the gym for the first time in a month  nowww i'm super hungry, what too eat   what tooo eat   i'm in the mood to go out and have a drink   or two lol what's goood?!?!"
all i wanna be is a <propfemale>  smile 
rotisserie chicken sandwich  yummm! work went well this morning now taking a break to eat then hit the gym before going back  happyyy friday everyone!! whats going on tonight  smile 
i figured out that my bmi is 17 5% not bad for barely working out   feeling the burn today!
"ahhh, i'm soooo hurting today lol heckaa hungover and going to work! wish me luck "
"workinggg, come in and keep me on my toes! true salon & spa  smile  facials n waxing is what i  doooo  book an appointment 916 686 6733"
"3 colds in a row anddd when i thought it was all over, week & a half later double earaches  sounds like i have ear muffs on! save me from misery!"
i have been cleaning since 9 this morning! when does it ever enddd haha still can't hear a thing damn colds 
bowling lastnight was sooo much fun  smile  going to ace of spades tonight downtown for a reggae show  come out 18 bucks  lets boogie lol
"i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold, hey\i'll be fine once i get it, yeah, i'll be good\play hard, work hard  smile   come in true salon & spa"
microdermabrasion <propfemale> tip machine is coming soon to true salon and spa  book an appointment  love  can't believe i turn down good money   but i just don't do man brazilians &&& he thinks i'm wierd    <propmale> your getting your junk waxed lol
i want a new hair style but i can't seem to make up my mind     9 o'clock tomorrow morning i'll find out  ahhh help   lol
irritated as hell! ahhh   cant wait to get off work    counting the mins till sushi time  smile 
"ahhhhh, my foot is killing me! i need to be babied  annoyed  i wanna go out on this beautiful day butttt nooo it hurts to walk   whatttt tooo doooo"
starbuckssss  smile  <propfemale> <propfemale>
gotta love foreign movies  smile 
got my tan on now eating taco soup + watching a movie  smile )  lovin life    if only my foot wasn't so fucked up i would be completely happy!
crossssing my fingers   smile ) i wanna go to the giants game tonight!
"tryna find a way but u never got a map\dream chaser, risk taker\no favor, though haters\ love "
"today has been a beautiful day  smile  went downtown for lunch, walked around old sac  then went tanning  "
laying out by the pool with clothes on lol damn youu sun burn
"whooo wants to come out dancing tonight?!? either social, mix or splash  smile ) hit me up"
"awee what a beautiful morning but not looking forward to jury duty tomorrow  last day to be lazy, gotta get my head in the game and do work!  smile  job hunting"
<propfemale> time  love 
