61e1b8b17d464a312b584f85c7c056e0
is leaving for vacation on sunday!
is leaving for california tomorrow! i'm going to miss everyone!!  smile 
is home!
will hopefully post pictures from vacation tomorrow!
misses her friends from school!!
"taught herself to play \bella's lullaby\"" on the piano  best song ever     smile """
one week until school?!?!
just realized it's her half birthday today   smile 
good first few days of school! schedule: 1  cadet band (kuczynski) 2  elp english (<propfemale>) 3  elp social studies (<propmale>) 4  pe (snyder) 5  algebra (viltrakis) 6  science (carasco) 7  spanish i (knopic)
survived her first full week of school!!
does anyone have second lunch?!?!?
"is getting her braces off in 3 weeks! (2 weeks, 6 days, 11 hours and 46 minutes to be exact   )  smile "
straightened her hair for the first time ever today!  smile  (see pics!)
2 weeks!
"jumped on her trampoline in the rain, got free samples at costco, and <propmale> out with <propfirst>!  smile  also going to the fair in flagstaff monday!"
off to do 2 hours worth of homework in 1!
won her first basketball game today! (50-10) but i only contributed 1 shot  smile  haha
just got back from the njhs ceremony  amazing!
"had a good weekend! hanging out, getting hair layered, and now off to start homework    grr"
"a half-day tomorrow, then fall break all next week! going sailing in california this weekend too! life is good     smile "
sailing was fun  we saw tons of seals on the dock and we made a passing boat blow it's horn!  smile  i'll put up pics soon
homework    :[
"going to see the phantom of the opera this weekend! i don't know much about it, but i'm excited  smile "
"late start tomorrow, a half week next week (thanksgiving) and outdoor <propmale>  the week after that     smile   smile   smile "
"volleyball started today! now i've tried a total of 6 sports: soccer, waterpolo, tennis, dance, basketball and volleyball  i failed epically in all but dance and swimming     smile  so those two are my favorites  (we'll have to see about volleyball haha)"
will be at outdoor <propmale> this week freezing to death and having a blast!  smile 
had a spamtastic time at outdoor <propmale>!!!  smile  i'll put up pics soon   
finals are over! and winter break starts after the half-day tomorrow  smile   smile   smile 
"2nd semester schedule: 1 band-kuczynski 2 english-bailey  3  social studies-anderson 4 spanish-knopic 5 algebra-viltrakis 6 science-carasco 7 home ec-harriman    i wanted dance with knopic instead of home ec, but it's only during 1st hour which is the only hour band is   sad "
still finding random pieces of confetti around from new years
homework + me =  sad 
going to be the awesomest nerd for nerd day tomorrow haha  smile 
first time i finished my homework before it got reeeeeally late in    a long time  off to do something fun  smile 
"had an undefeated volleyball season! the team got to the semi-finals before losing a close game at the tournament this weekend though  we celebrated with pizza after, which was fun  smile "
"coming up with funny, clever statuses is hard    so this will have to do  haha  smile "
has the best friends in the world!  smile   smile   smile 
helping the homeless was awesome (even though it was freezing)! i got to give food to some very grateful homeless people and later to go out and split a pizza with some funny nice people in my class   smile 
"birthday parties are fun, especially when you win the three-legged race! muhaha  smile "
lshmsfoaidmt  smile  haha
"rate me! choose all that apply: 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=fun, 7=hot, 8=funny, 9=sweet, 10=amazing, 11=tough, 12=cute, 13=psycho, 14=easy on the eyes, 15=i love you, 16=gorgeous, 17=thoughtful"
"just saw <propfemale>, and it was uh-ma-zing!!! congrats to everyone involved, you were awesome!  smile "
actually got to do something in home ec today!!!  surprise  i know  it's crazy  we made pizza ?
rabbit rabbit rabbit!
"because of project citizen, there were only 6 people in my english class  so instead of taking a test, we <propmale> out and ate <propfemale>'s cupcakes    be jealous  haha  smile "
our last band concert at rhodes was tonight  good job everyone!  smile 
at the awards ceremony!  smile 
still wearing my earth day bracelet!  smile 
i think i'm getting summer fever! i can't wait for dobson dolphins to start and i'm excited about going to new york this summer  and i'm looking forward to lazy summer days with my friends!!!  smile 
"8th graders: should i go to the pool party on the last day of school, or should i watch the movie?!"
1 week of school left! where has the year gone?!?!
"goodbye school work, friends, rhodes, and middle school life as we know it, and  hello summer, new opportunities, dobson, and the beginning of high school!!!  smile "
never hold a shedding light-haired cat when you're wearing a dark purple dress  never  haha
new york in a week!
worked alongside my brothers today at the pool! its part of jr  lifeguarding  smile 
off to nyc! ill be back friday  smile 
"saw the brooklyn bridge, the empire state building, and most importantly, toy story 3! haha  smile "
home sweet home!  love 
new york pictures up!  smile 
noooo! i just poured orange juice on the last bit of cereal (instead of milk)! the jugs looked so similiar  crying 
got certified in cpr today!
my first swim meet ever was tonight! i was shooting for 'not last' so i'm happy with third (out of eight)!  laugh 
"if you like this status, i'll post on your wall: something i like about you, something i\dislike, a confession, and my first impression   smile  have fun smile "
on a sail boat in san <propmale>!  smile 
ow  sunburned     sad 
which movie should i see this weekend? inception or despicable me?! i can't decide 
it's raining! ?
"1  spanish 2 - jauregui\2  varsity band - gomez\3  biology - meldrum\4  honors geometry - ollarsaba\5  aa english - navarro\6  aa world history - hays\1st lunch! do we have any classes together?!  smile "
last day of summer    can you believe it?! tomorrow is our first day of school as freshmen in highschool!
pretty awesome first day of highschool! this is going to be a good year  smile 
"so <propmale> desimone just smelled a chapstick and said, \it smells like    chapstick \"" duh!oh <propmale>     wink """
"made a formspring  ask me a question  smile \www formspring me mirandadesimone"
doncha just love those days when you have almost no homework? ?
www formspring me mirandadesimone do it!  smile 
at the football game  go dobson!  smile 
"went to the county fair today! got to pet horses and rabbits, ride the ferris wheel, and get some rock mineral souvenirs  smile "
"sooo, i started my homework at 2 smile 0 this afternoon, and just finished  i had breaks for dinner and stuff, but still  ahh highschool     heart-broken "
"\great minds discuss ideas  average minds discuss events  and small minds discuss people \"""""
being eaten alive by mosquitoes!
happy birthday <propmale> desimone!  smile  ?
"good job to everyone in the band concert tonight! it was awesome, even though i got blisters on my feet from the heels  sad "
had fun at the homecoming dance! i'll put up pics tomorrow
"so, its hailing and the lights are flickering on and off at school right now "
i like it on my dresser  smile 
"tye-dyed some shirts, they look awesome!    but now my nails are blue-ish haha  laugh "
aah! band chair test tomorrow  sad 
friday!!  laugh 
"because we had the day off today, and we have school tomorrow, it feels like its sunday! but then the weekend is only one day away    its weird haha"
"going to the dobson dance concert tonight! ill just be watching this year, but hopefully ill be one of the dancers next year  smile "
mmm    thanksgiving leftovers!  smile 
woohoo asu won!
band concert today  wish me luck!
wants to just be done with all of these finals and go right to winter break!
winter break! woo!  laugh 
"got a christmas tree, put up christmas decorations, went christmas shopping, and listened to christmas music  i love this time of the year!  love "
"so, i baked 144 chocolate chip cookies today for all my neighbors haha  smile "
in flagstaff! just went on a hike in the snow and had a snowball fight  love 
"shot a gun at a shooting range for the first time today  it was really cool and fun, but also scary!"
too much homework!  sad 
at ihop! mmmm
my favorite part of the superbowl is the comercials haha
birthday tomorrow!  laugh 
"thanks for all the birthday wishes today guys, it was a great day!  smile "
had an awesome weekend!  smile 
band concert tomorrow  it's the first time i've ever had a solo - and there's two of them! aaaahhh!!
spring break in one week!  laugh 
went swimming a lot today as part of my lifeguard training  it was freezing!  surprise 
is officially a certified professional lifeguard!  smile 
blueberry!
"going out to eat, just dance 2, super smash bros brawl, <propmale> potter movies, getting nails painted  my kind of weekend  smile "
