eeefcb1606831b74f1e4fd2d875d57fe
"ahhhh, 7am and i've already worked out, done the sauna (hehe), and now going through emails at work    cross my fingers i can keep up this program all week and maybe next week sneak in swimming a few nights    hmm, though beers at baileys last night probably didn't help the diet  wink )"
tired    
"haha, have to clean up the condo super fast b4 <propfemale> gets here for my massage  ahhhh 1 5 hrs of ahhhhhh    gonna sleep gooood tonight   "
"4 me, so far this year isn't too bad    e playful ect it to just get better!  smile "
"ahhh, windows open and can almost smell spring, works over, and going to rent a movie and drink some wine    ahhhh"
"hmm, just a poll    how many people know how to play euchre? wondering if it truly is just an ohio thing  smile "
"geez    went and swam half mile at lunch   took over an hour and half    but, hehe, now work a few more hours and then go run  smile ))  maybe not very productive day working, but not bad working out   "
"hmm, just got done working out 4 hour plus    the q now is guinness at baileys or not    hmmm i could take some work and a couple beers won't kill me    mmmmm beeeeeer mmmmmmmm"
"ahhh, bad last night    after mazu (aka 'man'zoo) we went to aoi, then cap city, and then chinatown for chinese  hmm, chinese at midnight+ is never a good thing    tasted sooooo good though     smile "
"hmm, really like this, used to see it hanging where my grandma cut hair    god, <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change; the courage to change the things that i can; and the wisdom to know the difference   i'll only add one thing, the <propfemale> to let change happen    haha, for me that's the biggest one     smile  think i should also call my grandma today   "
"hehe, supposed to be 90 today and tomorrow! ahhhhh"
"hehe, i so want one     http annoyed  www cnn com 2010 living 04 07 fast food calories index html?hpt=c2"
"haha, saw hot tub time machine last week, soooo funny  hehe, also must see for <propmale> sports fans   smile ))"
"hehe, hmm, mayb time for whole foods  mmmmm"
"hehe, funnnnn    just bought a case of wine for mehdi's party    all kinds, all yummmy     wink "
"hmmm, so starting at 5 at baileys on a tuesday isn't the best idea?"
sleepy   
"hmm, such a tough decision    ipad or vacuum    haha"
"haha, aruba is only 4 weeks away    so diet resumes today! back to gym today, and maybe swim starting tomorrow too  smile "
"hehe, can we say yummy!!!    lima restaurant and loungemother's day brunch @ lima | sunday, may 9th | noon - 6pm | featuring an a la carte menu with a ceviche bar, omelettes, eggs <propmale>, huevos rancheros, french toast, mussels and much more!"
"would you believe? actually gonna start working on the doors in the condo  ordered the tung oil and will start sanding tomorrow night  hehe, maybe i'll even install the door handles this weekend (haha, only been 1+ year w o)    we'll see     wink "
hppy up-comming m day   
anyone see this brand 'mauviel' pots pans at the outlet malls? look really cool    
"ahhh, two weeks from now    i'll b on my way to aruba   ahhhhhh"
"hehe, changed my flight to the 21st    now let's pray my passport renewal arrives on time  smile ) 12 days in the sun w nothing to do but have fun! hehe"
"72 hrs from now,     i'll b on my way to aruba    going to do nothing! for 12 whole dayz, ahhhhhh  smile )"
i wanna move here      hehe
"power out, sitting at hooters in the dark, on 5th local beer, listening to guy on guitar, in aruba    priceless  smile )))"
"hehe, huge burito, 4 hh margaritas, and soon go see movie in mall right here, then of course hooters 4 couple liters local beer, then south beach bar 4 house music      ahhhhh can u say ahhhhhhhhhhhhh  playful !"
"mmmmmmmm, went to wine festival yesterday    so hot, but so niceeeee     haha"
"soooo funny, just saw a post about this and had to pass it on  the owner of the cavs, who also owns 'fathead' (they sell full sized posters for kids' walls), changed the prices of lebron's posters from $99 to $17 41 (1741 was the bdate of <propmale> <propmale>)    too funny    http annoyed  www fathead com search-results lebron    haha, also a pretty sneaky way to get people like me to give that company free advertisements  wink )"
"ha, today i'll work real hard  wink  (for a change, haha)"
"it's tuesday night, sooooo"
"hmm, today is tuesday    "
i love u all!!
bored btw   
"ahhhh, home now! i'm really collecting a nice series of scars     wonder what i should do next   hmmm  wink ))"
"haha, hatching all my recorded tv shows and just saw episode from last season of house, where ultimately they diagnosed guy with chiari malformation, hehehe, just like i had,  smile )) small world    "
"hmmm, thinking     i have to do korea for two weeks in early november,     and phuket or bangkok are only like  6 hrs away from seoul, so    hahaha  wink ) we'll seeee     maybe i'll be healed by then and really ready for a little vacation"
"or    maybe just a long weekend in aruba or bahamas     regardless, i'll just be sooooo happy when the headaches go away and the pills are no longer necessary    hehe though it's fun to rationalize the need for all the fanta or mountain dew i need to drink to settle my tummy from all the pills  smile ))\ps, though i would kill for some grape fanta     hehehe  wink "
"hehe, i think i deserve coldstone   "
"bored     bed time already, again  sad "
"ahhh, second day back to swimming! only a lazy half mile today, and only temporary dizziness and headache when turning (no flip)    if headache tomorrow morning isn't bad i'll swim again tomorrow!!! hehe"
"tired of 'recovery'  sad ( want to be normal (whatever that is for me, ha) again    "
"hmmmmmm, coldstone  playful "
"hmm, almost bedtime but baileys is too close to the pharmacy  wink )"
tired of this  sad ((
"haha, in a taxi to whole foods at 8am on a sunday, feeling the brisk air, and for no particular reason thinking: less than two months away from repeating the line 'this year will be much better than last year'  wink "
 smile ) browns win!
"mmmm, peanut butter, jelly, and a spoon  smile )))"
bored    
12 hrs since last prescrpt pain meds wore off  smile )
snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow   smile ))
"worked out only second time since august, felt good! let's see if i can back into doing every day!!! might even swim this week  smile ))!!"
