a699d1ea962af3ab408ab465226a82f5
"happy new year yall!!!! i hope its filled with excitement and joy, i can tell this is gonna be my year  im gonna glorify god in everyway, all 365 days of it!!! and the next years to come!!!!!  laugh "
"i miss the sound of your voice and i miss the rush of your skin and i miss the still of the silence as you breathe out and i breathe in if i could walk on water, if i could tell you what’s next make you believe, make you forget so come on, get higher, loosen my lips faith and <propfemale> in the swing of your hips just pull me down hard and drown me in love"
"i really miss all my best friends, im reall upset that im not going to be able to see my best guy friend in high school but im happy that im able to stay in contact please pray for me, its been very difficult for me i've cried a few nights missing him, du"
"went swimmin yesterday and got sun burnt, daddy looks like a lobster, and my shoulders hurt, but happy father's day to all the dads out there!!!!"
really missing my best guy friend  dont know if im gonna be able to see him much its really hard with him being gone even though i still get to talk to him  its still difficult with <propmale> bein gone and all  i miss them both!
needs a picture for her profile  she's tired of her yahoo avatar
"misses <propmale> alot is worried about her momma and wants to see her two best friends, <propfirst> and <propfemale>  she can't wait until <propmale> comes back which is exactly two weeks  she is also bored to death because she hasn't been anywhere since wednesday   crying   crying "
"please pray, i am having a lot of trouble learning my music for band and i have band practice tonight  im just praying that god will lead me and not let me get too frustrated because i cant accomplish it in the time that i want to  im used to teaching in "
is going to band practice in 3 hours please pray that i do well  thanks all yall for your prayers! i really appreciate it  smile 
"<propmale> just came back today  i got to talk to him like an hour ago  im a little worried that he may not feel the same about me as he did before he left  please pray that if its god's will for the relationship to continue, then it will  thank you for your "
can't wait to go to church tonight  finally get to see <propmale> in what seems like forever!!!! im so excited but im having problems with someone and im afraid that it could affect my relationship  please pray 
"i'm having one of the best weeks of my life now that <propmale>'s back! i'm sooooooo happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hey,  what can i say? the dude just brings out the best in me!  smile "
im very mad at an annoying person named saylor glanton  she is like a 1st grader talkin about my realtionship with <propmale> when she doesnt even know him and he is finding out about this  im so mad im ready to pop her bubble blow up a new one and pop it aga
i just recieved what im supposed to wear to band camp       you wont believe it!!!!!!!    jul 21st- backwards day jul 22nd- decade day jul 23rd- superhero day jul 27th- band geek  nerd day jul 28th- atb spirit day im gonna have alot of fun with this!! ple
"im really happy bc i got to see <propmale> yesterday  im always happy when i get to <propfemale> out with my man  im also really excited about band camp  so far im really liking my band director, and his wife is really cool  life's great! and im thanking jesus for it"
"just got home from rookie day at alcovy  im tired but it was only 3 hrs  i have full band camp tomorrow, wed, and thurs, from 8-5  yay!!!!!!! im so excited!!! except my sexyphone isnt so sexy anymore bc i had to get my section leader to take it home and s"
has to stay home from band camp today i am sooo dissapointed and kinda mad  i really dont want to miss it because its so much fun and i love it but im so sunburnt that i can t barely move  to get an idea    im redder than my hair  it hurts sooooo bad!!!!!
please pray im not gonna give any details just please pray and please pray hard!!!!!  crying 
thanks for your prayers everything went well so im happy again thank you love you guys
"is glad that all my world changer buddies are back, i cant wait to go next year!!!! im very happy that my sunburn is goin away i was so mad for missing band camp thursday! love you guys!!!! thanks again for the prayers "
"im doing a fndraiser for band i would really appreciate any orders, it would be really nice if you could help support me throughout my freshman year  the website to order is called gafundraiseing com ive posted the website to the left  im selling cookie d"
"is loving band, but im very sore  it hurts to get up and to sit down  im glad that ive already made some friends  good christian freinds at that  i really connected with an awesome french horn player and she is my \adopted section leader\"" she used to be t"""
im having a hard time on trying to make the right decision  please pray  ive been praying so hard and seems like i cant get any answers  maybe its bc im not listening and giving my full attention to god  please pray that i make the right decision and that
i finally have my answer  but i can only continue making the right decision with god 
"there are too many things on my mind cant sleep and has a huge headache  i never thought that i would have such a big decision to make, and then change my mind so many times  im tired of pleaseing everyone else and need to please myself for a change, but "
"is extremely happy to get to see her man tonight at church  still needs anyone willing to order cookies or magazines  i would really appreciate it  its for a band trip to <propmale>  momma posted a link if i can figure out how, i will too  thank you ahead of"
had a awesome time at school yesterday! i loved it  i wouldve loved it more if my two best friends were there instead of eastside  ive already started out as letting myself be known as a christian  its awesome!!!! every christian out there shouldnt be afr
had a awesome time at school today! i loved it  i wouldve loved it more if my two best friends were there instead of eastside  ive already started out as letting myself be known as a christian  its awesome!!!! every christian out there shouldnt be afraid 
"is lovin jesus, lovin <propmale>, likin school, but hatin not havin her best friends with her   crying  well except one is there with me but i only met her like 3 weeks ago in band  but other than that life is good  oh please pray for <propmale>'s family and his grand mother, not goin into detail, but please pray  im sure theyll appreciate it  love yall, lovin jesus!!!"
"is lovin jeusus all the time, lovin the best boyfrined in the world, and havin fun with the time that she gets to spend with her old friends, new freinds, and the best band pimp manager ever!!!!"
"just got back from church! im soooo happy i got to see my man for the 1st time in two weeks! its hard workin in time with my band and school, and his job, then he starts school at the end of the month  were making  plans for next weekend, before i go to the braves game, to go to indian springs or dauset trails and <propfemale> out  its hard but were dealin  omg i sound like and adult who is havin problems with money lol!"
"start band practice tomorrow! so excited about the eastside vs  alcvoy game, i cant wait to see my best guy friend and my 2 best friends girlfriends! i got to see <propmale> yesterday and i get to <propfemale> out with him saturday before the braves game! yay! i cant wait i love him so much  and yesterday i was so blessed to be able to see how  truckers were blessed just to know that someone was praying and caring for them "
"dont know if school is closed yet because a 2 sewage pipes busted and a teacher was hurt i think her name was mrs  <propfirst>  um    im very overwhelmed with schoolwork, but please pray for the teacher that was hurt  oh and band practice went very well yesterday, we practiced the whole opener, and now i can actually march it without people yellin, left, left!!!! to get me back on step "
"i just broke up with <propmale> please dont ask me why  i really dont want to talk about it  please just pray for me and definitly pray for him  please dont come up to us at church and ask what happened or anything of that type  its very hard for me and im sure it is on him  if u want to know ask me in about a week and if i say i dont want to talk about it, please reaspect that  thank you "
"is goin to the braves game today, hopefully i can get my mind off of <propmale> for a little while  im glad that i have awesome friends to cheer me up and to pray for me  i appreciate all of your prayers  yes i fell in love with him, but i need a great christian guy who can be there for me  <propmale> wasnt that  im glad that i was able to listen to what god was tellin me and shut out my own wants and desires "
"i enjoyed the braves game today, didnt laugh much, or smile  i dont seem the same anymore  it hurts to hide it, it hurts to show it  i just want to have an intamate relationship with god, nothing else matters  but its hard when its something that i didnt want to do, but knew i had to "
"whatever you're doing, inside of me  it feels like chaos, somehow there's peace  it's hard to surrender to what i can't see, but i'm giving in to something heavenly "
if anyone gets a wow or lol video dont open it! its a virus it automatically attaches itself to ur feinds list and sends it to all ur friends  dont open it!!!! repost this to all ur friends!
"kinda like this guy, he's really cute  i dont know if i want to give him my number or not, bc i dont him to be a rebound and want to make sure i like him first  to let u all know im ready to talk about what happened with <propmale>  he told me he was going to do drugs again for those of u who know what went on earlier, and he lied about that to get me to break up with him  what actually happened was he cheated on me "
pankey is my bff!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and go <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!
"im havin fun bein me and lovin jesus  life is easier when u live it with god  everything's better when im standing next to him, and not having to worry about anything standing in my way  yes, there are trials and obstacles to pass through, but i can make it as long as im standing right next to him every step of the way "
"i really miss my best friend  we were trying to set up a day to go to the movies and <propfemale> out or something, but like always there's something standing in the way  or some reason i cant go  its always somethin! oh well  i guess ill just have to wait til i get to aee him at the sept 4th game when alcovy plays eastside "
"best firiend asked me out havent made up my mind yet, dont know what i should say"
"well me and my best friend are talkin and now that it comes down to it, it doesnt seem like its gonna work out   idk   ?"
"kinda upset, confused, and dissapointed  sad "
"well evidentually its a definite no that me and my best friend are gettin together  um    yeah so      there it is    ? still kinda confused and stuff but whatever  thats life  u like one person that goes down the drain, u love one person that goes down the drain, like another, so does it, now u like one and there it goes too!"
"please pray for me, it just seems like every guy that i like or even loved cant decide which girl he wants to be with  so dont only pray for me, but pray for all those boys that are too stupid to make up their mind "
"is tryin to keep my focus on god so much, but sometimes it seems like focusing on school is my only focus  math is ddefinitly overwhelming me, even though i have the highest grade in class, it still seems like i need to do more to keep it that way  anybody wanna give me any kind of advice  could really use it "
"ive got my first football game tomorrow! im a little excited and pretty nervous! please pray! i cant wait til next friday i dont even are if i mess up on the field at that game i just want to see my best friend!  crying  i miss him so bad, even though hes asked me out twice this week  i cant decide if i want to though cause i wont be able to see him unless our parents take us somewhere together  any advice?"
is crying alot and feels like i have to throw up  crying 
"i swear is wither about to go into a deep depression or a nut house, one?"
"nevermind its not so bad it was one of those cry and now im happy moments bc my best friend id here for me even if we cant go out, and ive got all my other friends when i need them  plus, prayer helps, especially when ur in deep doo-doo"
"please pray yall im worried about my best friend  crying   and ive got my first game tomorrow  sad  please pray though, thank you  im sure he'll appreciate the prayers too, even though he may not know you "
"ahd fun at the game yesterday, got home and i pretty much passed out! i was gonna get on and fill you guys in, but daddy was on  i had fun even though we kinda messed up goin into the closer  we didnt do bad, but it was enough to be nervous about, thanks for your prayers, you guys dont know how much i appreciate it "
"cant wait til friday! i get to see my bff  adopted bro  no <propfirst>, you havent been excommunicated from the family, its just ive known <propfirst> since kindegarten and we've been bffs ever since, dont be offended  but i cant wait!!!!!! im so excited!"
"didnt have such a great day today  i miss my best friend soooo bad! if he were only here  crying  found out that im most likely not goin to be able to see him friday  crying  and that hurts  im pretty mad about that! actually im furious but it makes me more sad than anything  crying  its hard him not bein here and all  hes really the only one i trust with everything! but what can u do, right? just pray that god brings a miracle "
"is goin to church tonight!!!!! so excited!!!!! i love to hear <propfirst> preach, cant wait to hear what hes preachin about tonight! i love my 2nd home! wish u could come tonight pank   sad "
is talkin to <propmale> for like the first time since we broke up   its actually goin pretty good though
i love <propfirst> hes sooooo awesome!
"wishes her boyfriend was here to get me away from issues  misses him sooo much, but what can u do? oh well i guess il have to live"
i love <propfirst>! oh plese pray for my dad  he has to have surgery tomorrow he is going to have his kidney stone removed  please pray  i miss all my church buddies   crying 
has the best boyfriend in the world!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  and he's all mine!  playful  i also have a competition in appalachee satuday and a game friday against jonesboro     wish me luck    
had a great day but is really tired  i love <propfirst> hes the best!!!  laugh  always will be!!!  laugh   laugh 
has just been crushed (in a good way) by <propfirst>'s charm! im crying and can barely see the keyboard hes so awesome idk why im crying!  laugh   love 
one of my good friends in band is mad at me  i really dont understnaed why but hopefully she can forgive me for whatever i did  she was like my best friend in band    crying  idk what happened   oh well please be prayin for her bc idk whats goin on
well me and <propfirst> arent me and <propfirst> anymore  crying  the good prat is that were still best friends  please stay in prayer for him bc im not totally sure what all is goin on  sorry u cant make fun of me anymore in sunday school <propfirst> 
i wish i had <propfirst> back            crying 
u know how i said that i didnt think that me and <propfirst> goin out screwed up our relationship    i think i was wrong  he hasnt really talked to me since the night we broke up  u wouldve thought that he wouldve txted me yesterday but        he hasnt  i was gonna talk to him on faccebook a few minutes ago but i figured i should just let him have his space hell talk to me when he wants to 
"finally got the guts up enough to talk to <propfirst> txtin him right now  conversation is goin pretty good, like it didnt hurt our relationship  it isnt as hard to move on once u hear those sermons that brother <propfirst> has been preachin on at revival! givin it over to god has been alot easier when u give it all over to god instead of just parts of it at a time "
isnt goin to school today cause i dont feel too good  sry to all my friends at school  ive got a bad headache and my stomach hurts like somethin terrible! ugh!
"im dooin <propmale> soul searchin  im tired of bein focused on guys and need to get my focus back on god  i dont wanna go through the motions! i need to figure out the void in my life that im fillin with guys and fill it with god  please pray bc i feel like god is about to do <propmale> works in me, its not gonna be easy  i hope i can stay out of the depression stage, if it comes ill be ready  satan cant attack me this time!"
"life is sooooo like a rollercoaster!!!!! i cant wait to get off  probably just made my bff mad and well my parents are already ticked at me, so oh well  who cares  maybe ill throw up after the rides over"
really misses her best friend   crying  i wish i could talk to him everyday but i cant crying  i wish he was here more often  crying  i love you <propfirst>!!!!!!!  love  love  love  love  love  love 
is in pain  crying 
"i broke up with my boyfriend today  i thought he was a christian, but i found out otherwise  plus, i didnt like him as much as i thought i did  im glad were still friends though  me and mom got into an argument bc she wouldnt let me text my best friend bc we had went out and that i had a boyfriend which kinda gave me another reason to end it bc my relationships will never come between me and my best friend  ever!!!!!"
i really wish <propfirst> was on  crying  i miss my best friend sooo bad!
"cant sleep  ive been thinkin about  my best friend all night and i miss him so much  i havent really been able to talk to him in a while and just wish he was here  anybody know how hard it is dealin with your best friend goin to another school, and only bein able to text them or talk to them on facebook which is really rare? its hard but i gotta keep holdin on and just keep cryin out to god with all that i have     "
"alrite well, im out  yawn  i just wanted to say thank you to everyone for being here  most of all, thanks <propfirst> pankey for bein here for me all these years  hes my best friend, we stick by eachother's sides through thick and thin  honestly, i dont know how i couldve gotten through my hard times without him here  i love you <propfirst>  love  oh my jesus im startin to tear up :')"
"oh yeah!!!!!! eastside won!!! what i tell ya???? see all yall at the bonfire said <propmale> was gonna win  just because i go to church in <propmale>, my bff's school dominates, sorry  unless we were still in playoffs      then it might be a little different    anyway congrats all eastside buddies      sorry all <propmale> buddies  sad "
i really miss <propfirst> (my best friend) im sooooo excited that i get to see him saturday  i totally cant wait!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh  im also excited about wtb (walk through bethlehem)  even though its gonna be cold you know i love servin my jesus!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"really miss <propfirst> (my best friend) im sooooo excited that i get to see him saturday  i totally cant wait!!!! im also excited about wtb (walk through bethlehem)  even though its gonna be cold you know i love servin my jesus! walk through bethlehem @ first baptist, <propmale>, <propfemale> dec 4, beginning at 6 p m  5th beginning at 4 p m  6th beginning at 3 p m  1227 w  third st  (across ingles)  come e playful erience bethlehem!"
really really misses <propfirst>  crying  hopefully itll work out to where we can see eachother saturday at the parade  i wanna see <propfemale> too  i miss my 2 besties!!! its really hard without <propfirst> here though  crying 
"walk through bethlehem went great! not sure on the count of how many were saved, but i hope all that came enjoyed it! if anyone would like to buy some hamburger dinner tickets for tuesday, december 15th  its the day of my band concert  tickets are $6 each  please contact me as soon as possible if youd like to buy tickets  its to pay for the charter buses for my band trip  if we dont pay for buses, we cant go  crying "
"please pray for my best friend, <propfirst>, hes goin through a rough time and he needs as mush prayer as he can get  please pray that he can have <propfemale> and find wisdom of what to do in a certain situation  thank you im sure he appreciates your prayers too "
yo this is whit! sup?
<propfirst> peavy's account was hacked  they contaced me and i perorted them  not only was i scared but i wanted to have some fun when i reported him  so i asked him could i pray for him and if you want to know what i said read my comment  ill tell you my storry later 
"feels like i got hit by a bus  ws supposed to <propfemale> with <propfirst> today, but those plans got messed up  crying  hopefully he can come to the christmas concert tuesday though  i miss him so much  crying  i want my best friend back  crying "
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key  now, scroll up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to either log off or refresh the <propfemale>  (put this as your status if it works smile  hahah it did finally just read it carefully!"
"is sick and aint goin to school  sad  probably goin to the doc sometime today  really needs to go to school because its the day before the concert but momma wont let me go cause im runnin a fever  sorry to all bandos especially saxes  im gonna get my sister to bring by the music, hopefully she'ss remember "
ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  troubled  im so mad!!!!
"i want my best friend back  crying  he'd be the best christmas present ever  i just wanna at least spend more then 15 minutes with him  everytime i see him at somethin with band, i get to talk to him 15 minutes or less         it sucks "
is sooooooo excited about christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love my jesus!!!! happy birthday jesus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!! remember its not about what you receive, its about giving  and not bragging when you give or waitin to see what you gain when you give  remember christmas is about christ!!! dont leave him out, and thank him for everything hes givin you  take this christmas and give back "
"wow i love life right about now, i have the vest friend and the best guy to talk to my best friend about lol  hopefully will be movin sometime in february  laugh  im excited! cant wait for my life to turn from great to awesome!!!!!!! im really happy!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
"is definitely movin in februaury!!  laugh   laugh  life is great!!!! get to move closer to <propfirst>  love   kiss  im soooo happy!!!! guess who i have to thank     only my jesus!!!!!! its such a blessing for the whole family to be able to move, and im thankin god everyday for it!  laugh "
"i've stepped up to a challenge from a friend    i am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost, i hope i am right! let's lift up his name and make a statement! sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost this    when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3%, repost this message"
atheist say why didnt god creat us perfect just like him and why would he allow us to sin? answer:god cant creat us to love him because if he did we would not have true love for god  true love is a choice and not creating someone to love you  you cannot make your children love you because if you did they would not have true love for you which is out of the heart
"why is a committment so hard? if you say you wanna be with someone, should you really be scared of makin it official? i always thought that when you loved someone you shouldnt be afraid to hide it, isnt that right yall? i love jesus and im not afraid to hide it, i love someone else and im not afraid to it be known but thats still not enough fo him to committ "
is tryin to figure out what happened to me in the last couple of weeks      im not myself      i dont know why      ???
"i am in need of assistance for my upcoming band trip to <propmale>, florida  i have been working diligently to to raise the funds needed  the deadline for my last payment is due january 29th  if you could help in anyway, financially or just through prayer, it would be very much appreciated  thank you "
"just found out dad got in a wreck i dont know any details  he isnt hurt but were not sure whats gonna happen, and were not sure about the vehicle "
has an amazing boyfriend!!!! hes the greatest!!!
just wanted to thank everyone for the birthday wishes!!!  laugh   laugh  ive had a great one and i celebrated it yesterday with my boyfriend  we had a great time goin to dinner and then to a movie  ive had the best week of my life  dads takin me out to my favorite restaurant tonight and then thursday im leavin for the <propmale> trip  <propfirst> has made my week awesome!!!!  laugh 
is home from <propmale>  it was a sweet 3 day get away and i had alot of fun  i really wish <propfirst> couldve been there to share it with me i miss him alot   sad 
had a rough couple of days dealing with the breakup between me and <propfirst>  it hurts and im startin to learn how to deal  i appreciate your prayers  its not the breaking up part that hurts the most   i may have just lost the best friend that ive had for over ten years  its difficult and i dont feel myself    but im letting god take control of the situation  ive forgiven  now its time to try and forget and move on   
"got the e playful edition back  im gonna miss that 2010 dodge ram   sad  it was such a nice truck    mom and whit didnt like it because it was too high up for them to climb   i just hopped in  i didnt even get to tell it good bye  annoyed '''("""
"had a great time at the church picnic today  god was really talkin to me on that sermon this mornin  he opened my eyes that instead of focusing on the problems in your life and how to deal with them, why dont you focus on god's will of why he puts obstacles in your life  you may be goin through somethin right now but serve god through it all  hes always got somethin better planned "
has a load of stuff to do  im prayin god to help me through things but im thankin him for the things i have accomplished and for the trials he put me through only to help me mature and learn 
did my first scene ever in a school play today  it went really well even if i had to run back and forth between sound and stage  thankd you jesus from helpin me through the day! couldntve done it without you  everybody did great tonight!
had such a fun day  i loved advertising for the play i loved doin th eplay  it was soooo much fun! cant wait to do it all again tomorow!  laugh dddd great job tonight you guys!! you all did amazing!!!!!
we now have nine chickens!!! seven little ones and two big ones!!! yay!\\n hebrew 13:5
has some <propmale> thinkin to do    im not sure im gonna sleep tonight      this is a <propmale> decision that could change the rest of my life     please pray for me     
"why lose and let go of the precious moments weve had? they mean something to me     im not giving them away, im not replacing them, im keeping them inside for when we find eachother somewhere    deep down in the locket of my heart where im storing these memories for when you come back to me      i miss you     how hard is that for you to understand?"
there aint no slappin a frown on my face anymore!  laugh  \\n hebrew 13:5
we now have 18 chickens! my friend said were startin a hillbilly ark  itll be seven of each type of chicken  laugh  lol \\n hebrew 13:5
is a really really happy person  im thankin god for it all!!!!!!
absolutely has the coolest boyfriend in the universe!!!!
"violence is never the answer unless the question is \what is never the answer\"""""
why am i trying so hard and you see it but you dont try as hard back?
"why make things more difficult than they already are? if you were paying attention, youd know exactly what to say!"
is really distraught right now  please pray 
me and <propfirst> are over  for the last time 
talkin to my bff <propfemale> jacobs!!!! i had an awesome day!!!! not lettin anything keep me down  im focusing on god this summer not guys!!!! this is gonna be my summer!!!! and sophmore year oh you better bet that im bringin it to town!!!! yeah!!!
is havin a great week! made a 91% on my lit  eoct and 82% on my biology eoct! finals are tomorrow and friday!!!!! thank you jesus!!!
"really needs a saxophone  mine is messed up  if anyone has an idea where i can get one for cheap, has one that i can get for cheap, any alto sax i could possibly get that works  please please let me know  if its free please contact me immediately lol  seriously i do need a sax  mine will not play  please let me know if you find anything!"
mkay facebook im about to get off  my butt's kinda startin to hurt sittin here  again if anyone knows anything about where i can get a saxophone cheap please let me know!!! thanks yall   smile 
its a really boring day  ive been swimmin and every other thing i can think of  im so bored  \\n k-phone
i just found out kadence is a male  i need a new name \\n k-phone
good news yall!!!! im gettin my sax fixed!  laugh dddd\\n k-phone
"whatever youre doin inside of me, it feels like chaos, but somehow theres peace  its hard to surrender to what i cant see but im givin into somethin heavenly \\n"
is there anyone in mrs  camba's physical science class? i need to know if our model project has to be 3d or not 
is officially tired  \\n k-phone
today is moms birthday! happy b-day mama <propfemale>!!!!!  laugh dddd\\n k-phone
music makes everything better  smile \\n
"doc to snow white: \what are you and who are you doing?\"" snow white sleeps with the 7 men  tell me why adults believe teens are messed up   """
whats up my homejiff?\\n k-phone
i may be weak but youre spirit strong in me \\n k-phone
you know birthdays are good for you    statistics show that a person with more birthdays live longer   laugh 
i finally got a dr  pepper!!!! yay! im so happy right now  im in heaven    god loves me  i always knew he did \\n k-phone
you want the fruit? sometimes you gotta go out on a limb \\n k-phone
fall is my favorite season  laugh ddd\\n k-phone
<propmale> <propmale> doesnt turn on the shower he waits til it cries\\n k-phone
when melodies are gone    in you i hear a song\\n k-phone
headed to competition pray for our band!\\n!*atb*!
"feels like i just got pushed in the road, hot by a truck, ran over by a bus, and then stomped on by the koolaid man  ohhhhh yeeeeaaah "
undo\\n
oops i meant hit  im kinda out of it  my head is killin me  im sorry  \\n
a man who cant live in silence cant live with himself \\n
<propfirst> really needs to <propfemale> with me and <propfemale> and whit right now\\n!*atb*!
to be great is to be misunderstood  -<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>        \\n
i dont even know what to do anymore! im so sick of everything and the only one i have to turn to is god! no one else understands! \\n!*atb*!
this is where the healing begins 
all fbc <propmale> members!!!! i now have an offer to take some stress away from you for the holidays  <propfirst> and i have a small business type thing goin on  she will babysit and i will clean your house  if you're interested please inbox me or if you have my cell please call me  thank y'all   laugh 
drinkin hot chocolate celebratin the best day ever yesterday thanks to <propfemale> jacobs  laugh  my best friend in the whole wide world!!!!!\\n
at square perks with my bestie <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"its said i date chubby rednecks  so, why are there not a million guys at alcovy i could crush on? i dont disagree i do find them attractive"
fiona: it talks! shrek: gettin it to shut up is the trick  (both referring to donkey  surprisingly this is what mom set as my facebook character     )\\n  >-lo
headed to town to do some procrastinated <propfemale> stuff and eatin pez on my <propfemale> pez machine  smile \\n  >-lo
<propfemale> christmas everyone and happy birthday jesus!  laugh \\n  >-lo
bout to excercise with my aunt  smile  \\n  >-lo
did 3 <propmale> today  smile \\n  >-lo
just finished my work out  smile  1 mile! yay!  laugh \\n  >-lo
just got done with my workout  smile  only a mile today \\n  >-lo
i so wanna go to monster jam!!!! wow     now i definetly feel like a redneck     but i still wanna go! \\n  >-lo
"im collecting cans for the homeless  ironically, taking away the only job the homeless have     heard that on a movie and thought itd be funny to post  smile \\n  >-lo"
bout to do my excercise   \\n  >-lo
txtin a bunch of old friends and hangin out with my jesus-lover buddies  laugh  havin a good ol' time bein a girl in the south and waitin for the snowpocalypse that were supposedly havin    
hahaha!!!! <propfirst> is on your facebook!!!
okay im back  for some reason facebook has logged <propfirst> out so she had to use mine to talk to someone she hasnt talked to in a really long time
finally headed home  i enjoyed hangin with the jordans this week  laugh  thank ya'll so much! i had a great time!\\n  >-lo
is really gettin tired of school bein out  >§<\\n  >-lo
<propfirst> reynolds is amazing!!!  laugh \\n  >-lo
when we <propfemale> up its like losin you again  cant you see? so what do you want from me?
is watchin facing the giants  god is an awesome god! and anything is possible through him!
is tryin to figure out how to earn $1800 for my dream car  a bronco  love   no one called for babysitting and cleaning house   any ideas?
lead me with strong hands and stand up when i cant        father lead me cause i cant do this alone  smile  * sanctus real - lead me
your love is a symphony \\nrunnin through me\\nyour love is a melody\\nunderneath me\\nrunnin to me\\nyour love is a song\\n-switchfoot
wants to apologize to everyone in the audience and to the performers of the talent show for all the technical difficulties throughout the night 
is soooooo proud of my bestie!!!  laugh 
i love penguins that talk in british accents!!!!!!  laugh 
so <propfirst> recorded me doin the duggy on my phone and was tryin to send the video to facebook  she sent the wrong video  smile  sweet victory!
give me some dr  pepper! or i will      most likely    not do anything      smile 
is watchin happy feet   laugh 
come on packers! i have to win my bet against dad! i want that 30 mins straight of driving!
packers won and i get 30 staright mins of driving!  laugh 
"i totally e playful ect my last words to be \what does this buttton do?\"""""
im givin my life to the only son who was and is and is yet to come let the praises ring  cause he is everything
"my birthday has been awesome thanks to all my amazing friends and family  yall are like dr  pepper, the smurfs, and <propmale> & <propfirst> all in one!"
hip hip hooray! what a blue day! we've never had so much fun! we've wanted and batted and we've waited and we've lighted and still our fun isn't done! my friends and i sing by the slimy campfire about lettuce and walmart so cautious bout the prickly adventurous path that we wive in the beady auditorium of clawdes cove 
spent the day with <propfemale> jacobs  it was awesome! one of the best days ever! i love my bestie and wouldn't have given today up for the world!  laugh 
just e playful erienced god talkin to me! absolutely the coolesst thing ever!  laugh dddd
we are the saints and we are the children \\nweve been redeemed and weve forgiven\\nwe are the sons and daughters of our god
is sooooo amped and ready for lgpe tomorrow! so excited!!!  laugh dd
is sooooo amped and ready for lgpe tomorrow! so excited!!!  laugh dd
i am sooooo amped and ready for lgpe tomorrow! so excited!!!  laugh dd
on my way to alabama!!!!  smile 
