de1a7bd1be6f1d6fcee5aa4d13a81498
"yay 2010!!! happy new year, everyone!!!"
just finished professor layton and the diabolical box~ i can't wait for the next one (and who knows when that's coming out   )!!!
is getting sick of being on the computer all the time 
is eating oatmeal   om nom nom 
"is freaking bored, and has no motivation to do anything about it "
has newly-dyed red hairs!!!!!
is                                                               bored 
is so excited to get the puppy tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!
is going to get the puppy now!!!!!!!  love 
has a new puppy!!!! he so cute  joyful  !!!!!!!
might be getting a really good job  joyful 
is really tired -_-
is happy that she gets to go to japan next summer - for sure!!!!
is not happy when <propmale> steps in his own poo 
"is attempting to read \in the darkness of shadow moses\"" - but it hurts!!!!"""
needs a haircut 
likes when <propmale> sleeps in the kitchen   iz cute   
needs to start making money now!!!!!!
is hyped up on rockstar    surprise 
is going to play some more mgs3       again 
"wants to play sims3, but mom's on the other computer t___t"
thinks it's awesome when mgs3 decides to crash in the middle of a 45-minute sniper fight   
is caught in a dream     snake eaterrrrrr      
will someday dine on a tree frog   
is going to gr tonight!!!! yays!!!!!!
had so much fun at jafax today!!!!
is home again - and i has mgs4!!!! looking for cables that will make mgs4 look more awesome on my lcd tv     i can has help suggestions from my techie friends?
"is it bad that i like the cool, cloudy weather?"
just beat mgs4  best game ever 
"wants to move to flower mound, tx and work for funimation!!!!!"
got a new phone!!! iz nice!!!!
has nothing special going on     so bored     
is mad when verizon says that a 7-second mp3 sample is over 100 seconds long (when i know it's not) and can't upload it after extensive efforts at compressing the bitrate     grrrraahhh!!!!!!
is over it             now to more important matters   
is playing sims 3 - i don't think it'll ever get old     
is reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaallllly bored 
misses <propmale>!!!!
 love 's hideo kojima soooooooooooooo much right now!!!!
is kind of pissed right now      kind of      
is playing sims 3       again 
is super crazy bored 
misses the days when she could be lazy and it didn't matter 
wasn't too impressed with <propmale> potter - did anyone find the plot anywhere?
????????????!!!
"- you know when you've had a bad birthday when two people die of old age at your party and everyone blames you for a bad time   meanwhile, your guests are waking up your triplets and your child is exhausted and almost starving upstairs    sims have to mos"
is thinking maybe she should study some japanese today   
is playing metal gear solid and loving it!!!!  love 
has the campfire song stuck in her head      those spongebob marathons really get to me   
feels like today was completely wasted   
"???????????, ?????????????"
is kind of in a decorating mood - but there's nothing to decorate 
wonders if liquid can just be content with his own genes and not try to kill me with his stupid chopper   
is bored-ish   
had cc lemon today  smile 
has rearranged her room!! bring on the dust clouds!!!
is playing mgs4 for the 3rd time             someone give me something else to do!!!!!!
is e playful erimenting with coreldraw (cheap version of illustrator) - having so much fun!!!!
is going to study kanji now   
why is it so hard for me to sleep normally now?
misses calvin   just gotta stick it out for one more month   
- listening to old cds makes me appreciate that trends come and go 
wonders why <propmale> thinks everything is edible   his current favorites are tupperware and waterbottles 
needs more ps3 games t__t
is going to gamestop - having coupons and discounts is awesome!!!
now has littlebigplanet and soul calibur iv - i'm having so much fun!!!!!!!
has a new baby cousin!!!
hates being home alone  sad 
- i'm not tired and i'm bored with the internet 
is incredibly bored 
misses gr - 4 weeks!!!!!
- it's a rainy day - korean drama marathon!!!!!!!!
is a bit lonely t_t
mmm   california roll   
is very tired - going to bed nao 
- dragonfruit juice is gross  don't drink it 
wishes every game had auto-save - 2 hours of persona went down the drain because there's hardly ever a <propmale> to save   it's almost like i didn't even play 
is going to gr for an interview tomorrow!!!
is going to gr today!!!
is back from gr - 4 hours in the car for a 20-minute interview and a 30-minute lunch (but i had lunch at shogun so it was totally worth it) 
is playing persona 3 and not getting as frustrated   
has suddenly decided to teach herself thai   
has decided that thai is very hard   tonal languages freak me out 
- 3 weeks til move-in day!!!!!!
"dies a little inside every time she hears ads for \pawn-yo\"""""
is doing absolutely nothing - lazy lazy lazy    
"- okay ps3   i love you, but not when you nuke my memory card!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"- one hour later - recovered my last save from my ps2 card, only 15 hours of persona lost           better than all of it, i guess   "
- still recovering from adrenaline rush   2 attempts to sleep have been futile 
- 2-ish weeks til calvin   let the packing begin!!!!!
- rockin' out to <propmale> benassi's remix of the mirror's edge theme   it makes me wanna go parkour   
didn't get the job she wanted t__t
is packing for college and applying for jobs on campus   hoping for a busy semester   
is mad that she just drove two hours in the car only to end up where she started   all because she forgot her wallet 
*humming mgs theme* <( joyful )>
wants to move back to <propmale> now 
is playing more persona 3 - almost 50 hours into it now!!!
must   play   more   persona!!!!!
- it's 2 pm already?!?! where did the day go?!?!
has high hopes and e playful ectations for this school year - i just hope it doesn't disappoint 
is trying to finish persona 3 before school starts!!
"just registered for another class - mondays, wednesdays, and fridays are gonna suck   "
is just chillin'
is so bored!!! (back to <propmale> in 5 days!!!)
crap! why is my facebook in french?!?!
got new clothes!!! (4 days til <propmale>!!!)
is trying to finish persona 3 (3 days til <propmale>!!!!)
finally finished persona 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is now playing persona 4 - yays!!! (just 2 days til <propmale>!!!!!!!!)
is going to be busy packing today - going to <propmale> tomorrow!!!!
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay packing 
is back at <propmale> and it's awesome!!!!
- arms are sore from carrying boxes yesterday!
is loling at <propmale> and <propfirst> playing lbp   
eeeeeeeeeeeee mgs4!!!
is chillin    iz cool 
now has some awesome chairs in her room and the printer is hooked up!!! yays!!!
horray for classes tomorrow!!! not!!!!
is not really looking forward to a mixed up schedule tomorrow   
yay classes   
done with classes today - not looking forward to 5 classes tomorrow!!! yay 8am to 4 smile 0!!!
wants a newfoundland     sweetest  dogs  ever 
5 classes tomorrow and work - ugh     
had a good first night at work!! only one class tomorrow at 10 smile 0 - i am so sleeping in!!!
can't concentrate - it took me an hour to read 14 pages t___t
feels a bit sick - first week of classes always sucks   
yay for friday   
thank you knollcrest for your crappy dinner   
is soooooooooooo tired     uguu~
is bored t__t
meh     biology    
"yay japanese, then lunch, then business, then sociology    then i'm done with it!!!"
yay for work   
done for the day - lunch then homework            t___t
"should be doing homework    oh facebook, you are the cause of so many distractions!!!!"
is researching konami for business class and having an awesome time with it 
can't keep anything straight   there's too much going on at once
is trying to focus    it's really difficult 
is bored   
is a bit depressed 
is reluctant to switch to itunes     t__t
got a new blanket - nite nite!!!
blah blah blah biomes    
*sigh*     this might be an extremely long week 
yay studying   
is going to va tomorrow - yay for 2 hour flight instead of a 10 hour car ride!!!
"- oh school, why do you have to take up most of my week?"
"is trying to do japanese homework, but failing miserably   "
is changing to a business <propmale> with a marketing concentration!!! i'll still be doing japanese though - it's just my minor now  joyful 
hello i am a trained soldier who cannot tell the difference between blood and ketchup 
needs to take a break from the stock exchange and just chill   @_@
yay weekend!!!
"i might have to wait, i'll never give up; i guess it's half timing and the other half's luck; wherever you are, whenever it's right; you come out of no where and into my life (i just haven't met you yet)"
can't think of an interesting status   
should probably do some studying today     maybe 
is bored t__t
doesn't feel very motivated 
finally figured out how to type in japanese on her computer!!! ???????????
???????????????????????
- that is    quite an    atmospheric event   as well   as being the reason behind the   reconaissance satellites becoming   completely useless   
is just chilin' and watching korean dramas   
is hoping to actually get something done today 
just finished mgs4 for the 4th time    joyful 
had <propmale> yum for the first time in forever   
oh monday     i hate you so much   
is super bored   again 
was 45 minutes late for her bio lab again - still don't know how the hell it happened   
mmm   pickled <propfemale>   
"- \your family sure does love fat ass cats   \"""""
??????
apparently the semester's half over as of today - which is both relieving and terrifying   
"- \building the future and keeping the past alive are one in the same thing \"" ~solid snake"""
had a pretty awesome day  wink 
is feeling a little sick   
needs to distract herself   
yay for 2-hour naps            but i'm still bored t____t
is done with bio lab early!!! and i was actually on time for once!!!
wants a <propmale>!!!!!!!! windows 7 is this laptop's last <propmale>!!!
is going to the new barnes and <propmale>!!! yays!!!!
bought mirror's edge!! so excited - but def not in the mood for video games right now    
"now has the urge to freerun on everything   thanks, mirror's edge "
yay weekend!!!
is super tired - it was a loooooong week   
suddenly felt like doing actual work - but now i'm done 
is so excited for youmacon!!!!!!! 5 days!!!
only 2 more classes then i am done for the entire week!!!!! academic advising + youmacon = awesome fun time!!!!!
woot! sociology was cancelled!!! no more classes 'til next monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bwaaaaahhhh!!! youmacon in 2 days!!!!!
horray advising and hanging with friends and youmacon in 2 days!!!!!
"okay - so i'm trying twitter    i really don't know what i'm doing, but i'm mayukitty90 if anyone wants to add me    "
is home!! i luvs <propfemale> and <propmale>!!!!
oh hey youmacon - you're awesome 
- will be swearing incessantly after hearing the most cursing she's ever heard in her life in a 2-hour timespan - thank you <propfirst> willingham and <propfemale> <propfemale> 
day 3 of youmacon hoooooooooooooo!!!! oh yeah - <propfemale> and i totally saw a hard gay cosplay yesterday!!!!!
- youmacon was absolutely incredible!!! an awesome time was had by all!!!!
- pics of youmacon coming soon - when i get my memory card back from <propfemale>!
is back at <propmale> after an awesome weekend at youmacon - and not wanting to do homework   
is registering for classes at 10 smile 0 - being a sophomore is awesome!
o <propmale> stock market              you suck 
has a crappy trance eurobeat song stuck in her head - too bad it's kinda catchy   
got a macbook!!!!! it's so damn awesome!!!!
is going to be quite busy today despite having only one class 
"- okay, that was a lie - i'm not that busy today "
"wonders how a freshman with the writing skills of a first grader got into college   furthermore, how am i supposed to make it sound halfway decent for this damn group paper?"
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh group papers suck so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm done with it!!!!!!!!!!!!! never again will that girl ever be allowed in any group of mine!!!!
hey guess what?!?! it's the weekend!!!!
"is watching code geass - so far it's really awesome, but very similar to death note   "
is super bored!!!!!!!!!!!
la la la     iz so bored     
hokay so - here's the earth   chillin'   
is crazy bored again   
[insert interesting status here]
what is on my mind?
"lying in the grass, watching the stars come out    "
"oily marks appear on walls, where pleasure moments <propmale> before the takeover, the sweeping insensitivity of this still life   "
moonlight flashing in your eyes - got my heart beating faster than the speed of light   
- i now have a skype! i'm momocchi90 if anyone wants to add me to their contacts!!!
's heart hurts 
loves glee so much!!!!
"is in a really weird mood right now - it's like a combination of stress, anxiety, and impatience   and that's not even half of it  t__________t"
can't wait for this week to be over - luckily it's friday   
o <propmale> weekend!!!!
is standing on the edge between being completely shattered and completely happy 
has a paper due tomorrow that she doesn't feel like writing      t______t
heeeeeyyyyyy paper! you suck   but i guess most of that is my own damn fault 
"- this week might be a crappy one, but i'm not quite sure yet "
should probably do some ??????   but somehow i just don't   
- i'm really hungry but there's no food in my room!!! t__t
is unbelieveably tired   
business paper t_________________________t
is at <propfirst>'s trying to finish her business paper t___________t
is suffering almost as much as g did right now   
"- i want to decorate my room for christmas, but i need to get stuff first   "
loves glee  love  <propmale> is my favorite  love 
the last class on a friday always takes the longest   yay weekend!!!
is slowly decorating for christmas!!!!
my puppy had a seizure last night t___________t
is not feeling motivated to do any kind of work   
is easily entertained  joyful 
hates re-thinking her future!!!!!!!!
kaljsdhlfjakbsdfkhsvlkasjbfg    
"is super bored - no projects, homework, or papers due this week   just waiting to go home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
misses buster-boo      
had fun eating <propfemale>'s birthday present!!!
"does not appreciate people calling her dorm room phone at 8am to inform her about obama's stimulus plan - i don't give a shit about political matters that early in the morning, thank you very much!!!!!"
is going home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finally!!!!!!!!
foooooooooooooooooood!!!!!!
is just chillin'      it's awesome!!!
fails at baking  t_______t
suddenly has the urge to play mgs      
feels really crappy and doesn't know why    
can't sleep     
- acrylics make typing difficult 
doesn't want to go back to school - an onslaught of projects and papers awaits 
is back at <propmale> - rearranged the furniture and <propmale> up the christmas lights   now for *sigh* homework t_____t
"- to hell with putting up christmas lights - thanks for falling down right before i get to sleep, you bastards  i've literally spent the last 2 hours being woken up every 20 minutes as they fell down "
is mad that she wasted time putting up christmas lights only to have them fall down and keep her awake until 2 am   bio is at 8 am     i'm friggin' tired 
yay for doing nothing - i should probably do something productive now   
gah    i hate biology!!!
- it's snowing!!!!!!!!!!!!
is conflicted - too many decisions to make and not enough time   only two weeks 'til the end of the semester   thank god!!!
o hey snow - i see you're still going   welcome 
it's finally the weekend!!! so much to do - but i just wanna sleep!!!
- i admit to having a little girly crush on professor layton  love 
has no motivation to write either of her papers and would rather do some puzzle-solving with professor layton  love 
actually accomplihed something - yay me!!!  love  professor layton
is almost done with part 1 of boys over flowers - i need part 2!!!!!
- okay                   paper writing go!!!!!
would like very much to be not writing this paper 
doot doot doot - no japanese today      that kinda makes me sad t__t
"- one paper down, one more paper and a presentation to go   "
"- i want to talk with people, but it feels like no one has anything to say "
snooooooooooooooooooooooow!!!!!!!
wants this semester to just be done - i'm so sick of it 
in the basement writing a paper - blarrrrrrrgh   
has literally stared at a computer screen for about 8 hours today while writing a paper   is there something fun i can do now that doesn't involve a screen?  the idea is so foreign to me   
last day of classes      let's friggin' do this!!!!!
is done with her business project!!!! wooohoooooo!!!!!!! now all i have to worry about is exams   
lalala     studying t____t
my macbook is the cause of all my distractions   and it's also friggin' cold in my room   okay - studying go!!!!!!
"i'm studying - really, i am!"
k biology   i'm gonna own this exam and i'll never have to deal with you again  ever 
i'm done with bio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! done with it!!!!!!!!
"is mad that the bookstore wouldn't buy back both of her bio books - damn you biology!!! i can't escape your grasp, can i?!?!?"
- extra sweet iced tea is gross   i didn't even mean to grab it  not doin' that again!!!
is going to eat dinner and then study for her 3 remaining exams!!
- dislike buttons breed negativity   i don't want one!!!!
made a mistake that may cost her 20 points on her sociology exam  t_____t
"- japanese final in 20-ish minutes!!! yay for hellish listening comprehension and the 8 verbs \to wear\"""""
- one more exam to go (tomorrow)!!! then i can go home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wanna go home!!!!! exams = t__________t
studying for business   lalala   except not really   
ughhhhhhhh         just one more exam at 1 smile 0!!! let's hurry this up so i can go home!!!!!
- so   is anyone getting totally pissed at at&t's vicious ads against verizon?  because they're starting to drive me nuts!!!
is finally home chillin' with her parents and her puppies!!!
"is in mah house, makin' chocolate chip cookiez    joyful "
got extra credit on her presentation in sociology and got an a- for the semester!!! so happy!!!!!!!
"is at home, wrapping presents!!! also, those chocolate chip cookies i made yesterday were some of the best i've ever made!!!!!"
can't wait for christmas cuz i'm getting some new video games    i'd like to have them now!!!!!!
- bowling and sushi is the best combination!!!
- i finally got to see densha otoko - and i loved it!!! it's just too adorable~
made more cookies  joyful 
"<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>, everyone!!!  love "
yay christmas!!! time for some professor layton lovin'!!!!
woot!!! 84% on my bio final!!!!!
doesn't know what to do next!!!
is tired    bedtime for meeeee      
"wonders how leighton meester's song \somebody to love\"" is a \""hit\"" song   and who decided that she was \""able\"" to sing?"""
- it's the day after christmas and i'm bored out of my mind!!!
is in love with professor layton  love 
"is watching bleach   it's okay so far, but i'm sure it'll pick up soon!!"
saw sherlock holmes - meh 
- 'tis snowing  a lot 
"went to the dentist t_______t so    much    blood  maybe if they didn't poke my gums with a pointy stick, they wouldn't bleed    "
finally got uncharted (the first one)!!! one step closer to uncharted 2!!!! also got gunslinger girl on dvd    hopefully i won't be bored~
beat her mom at scrabble for once!!!!!
"*sigh* it's the last day of 2009   it was fun while it lasted, but i'm looking forward to 2010!!!  joyful "
yay 2011 - happy new year everyone!!!!
mystery google scares me   but i would gladly take an mlia mission if i could share it with someone else!!
eh heh heh     some people have to go to school today~ but not meeeee       
is not back at <propmale>! i'll miss you all while i'm chillaxin' at home!!!
mmm   pizza 
die monster! you don't belong in this world!
i hate shoveling snow - and i'll have to do it again later because it's still snowing!!!!!! a lot!!!
"<propmale> doesn't really understand that the weather sucks too much to take him on a walk - <propfemale>, however, is quite content with lazing about on the couch "
pink with green polka dots
"a moment, a love, a dream, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs "
"saw avatar!! i'm still dumbstruck by how awesome it was, because the 3d was definitely worth it!!!!"
just realized she bought the second season of gunslinger girl without having seen the first   sad face   
wants long hair again   
"ah, sunday   "
rawr 
death by penguins!
is drinking some gokuri      it's basically grapefruit juice  from japan 
has had massive amounts of sugar today          buzzzzzzzzz      
might wake up tomorrow morning with a sugar hangover   
is visiting <propmale> on monday!
made chocolate chip banana bread!!!
had some jop <propfemale> at ari rang in <propfemale> arbor!!! yummy!!!!!!  joyful 
o <propmale> books        you are e playful ensive 
i want sushi  or jop <propfemale>  i'm just hungry 
green tea with <propfemale>  pepperoni pizza  good combination? i think yes 
is visiting <propmale> tomorrow!
finished the first season of gunslinger girl!!! on to season 2!!!
is back from visiting <propmale> - sorry i couldn't stay longer!
- i dyed mah hairs black!!!!!
- professor layton was in my dream         and it was a goooooooooood dream ;3
is almost ready to go back to school         maybe 
- my room is kinda messy     maybe i should clean it       nah 
is watching project runway reruns and wondering when she should move back to <propmale> (and finally accept that spring semester starts in about 10 days) 
?????????????????????
"not like anyone really cares, but i deleted my twitter account   i just don't see the appeal "
"yes, stumbleupon, i have seen the pictures of the giant gundam they built in japan  so quit showing me  i get it  move on "
"is trying to bake chocolate chip cookies again, but the butter needs to soften  *puts butter in hoodie pockets*"
is back at <propmale> for the semester~ still getting everything set up and put away   
- my throat is swollen and it hurts like hell   
"is quite literally doing nothing   a week from now, i will miss this - even tho it kinda sucks right now "
thinks she's going crazy          maybe it's the sims   
derp derp derp   
ipad = big itouch   that's really it? meh 
"oh <propmale> drake, you so fine      love "
can't think of a good status 
thinks delainna novak is awesome 
is loving uncharted so far!!! i  love  <propmale> drake   
- last day before the semester starts  that makes me both happy and unhappy 
hates feeling lonely despite being surrounded by people 
misses her doggies  love 
- first day of classes!!! meh   
just had ??? and her first econ class - next up  is stats and fit!!!
"did some laundry, class at 2:40           and that's about it "
"stop calling, stop calling - i don't wanna talk anymore! got my head and my heart on the dance floor   "
"okay, so i might be a little behind, but i just watched the trailer for heavy rain - it looks awesome  do want "
- on of the perks of being a girl in the video game department: all male employees will help you whether you need it or not 
well       this is new 
omg~ everyone freak out! facebook is different! call the police! there's change on the loose!
"should play super <propfirst> bros  wii today   uncharted will only frustrate me  then again, <propfirst> might too "
watching the superbowl [commercials] and doing stats homework!!!!!
wants to audit a photography class              that's my random aspiration of the day!!!
is waiting for japanese class to start    
is feeling particularly lame today 
"is almost insulted by the wording of her fit \web book\""     \""don't get discouraged if you become frustrated with reading electronic text \"" derp derp derp   teh computorz r 2 hard 4 <propfemale> to <propmale>   """
"- someone <propfirst> trogdor on my desk   along with the flag of japan   as cool as it would be on any other desk, it's just distracting on mine "
is doing philosophy homework and dying a little inside 
"finished her book, nefertiti by <propfemale> moran  joyful  probably one of the best books i've read in a long time~"
got some puppy chow!!!!!!!
has so much to do and no <propfemale> to do it all 
is starting to think that missing stats class was a mistake   
"- no homework tonight, watching yu-gi-oh abridged again, then going to work   it's a \meh\"" kinda night """
- puppy chow for breakfast  joyful 
is mad at fit - i learned excel back in 7th grade and i would be taking spreadsheets now if <propmale> didn't assume that all of their students are computer 'tards  herp derp derp         can we just skip to the part when we learn about dreamweaver? cuz then i can learn something new 
- going to my first yoga class! i'm excited!!!!!!!!!!
"- isn't that just typical - our first yoga class is cancelled, and the instructor decided to send the email just an hour before class   thanks again "
- there is an awesome snow sculpture in commons lawn! made my day   i just hope no one is douchebag enough to ruin it 
is goin home for the weekend - i get to see mah puppehs!!!! and i guess my parents too     
is back at <propmale> - time for homework!!! or maybe later   
"- thanks to <propfirst> voss, i have now discovered the awesomeness of doctor who!!!"
isn't feeling motivated enough to do stats homework right now   
- i still have a crap-ton of video games to finish   but i want heavy rain   
- doctor who rocks my world  <propfirst> eccleston is such a cutie  for an old guy 
has hit a wall   one can only study for philosophy for so long   
hmmm    watch doctor who    or study    i know which one i want to do   
"- if hell ever froze over, it would look a lot like michigan "
"had a somewhat productive weekend: finally got past the part she was stuck on in uncharted, bought heavy rain, and watched several more episodes of doctor who   weekend of win? not really - stats test tomorrow   good night "
"- why thank you, psn - i can't play any of my games now "
just started heavy rain - and it's pretty damn awesome 
just finished heavy rain - but i need to play it again because i got a very bad ending 
"thinks it would be fun to start a blog, but can't think of anything interesting to say "
"- so, funny story   i'm sitting here eating my chicken fingers and i get to the last one and it's shaped like a penis  not kidding "
is watching snow white for the first time in a looooong time!!!
just finished heavy rain again - and got a much better ending!!!!!
arrawr stats homework      
- ffxiii comes out today!!! sadly i don't have 60 hours of time to devote to it on top of the other games i need to finish      not to mention homework 
- it is such a fantastic day outside!!!
"had a dream she was making out with <propfirst> clooney in an elevator   i don't even like <propfirst> clooney that much, but it was still hot "
wishes she had someone to kiss in the rain   
yay for the weekend: one week 'til break!!!!!!
ate too many hot tamales      blarf 
"happy pi day everyone!!! and to celebrate, i will do some math homework   "
finally got to play with dreamweaver today!!!! except not for long t__t
- there's a new doctor and it's not <propfirst> tennant t________________t
- horrible headaches and yoga don't mix  and i have to work in 10 minutes  fml 
is eating some sushi  yum yum 
- my philosophy prof used f'ing twilight as an example today   this makes me sad t___t
"- just japanese and work today, and then         spring break yay!!!!!!"
's roommate just left for break - par-tay in my  room 'til 4   i am also eating an awesome cheeseburger right now 
just had a macaroni and cheese fritter - om nom nom 
is making sugar cookies!  joyful 
is bored 
went to california pizza kitchen and koyama shoten in livonia today - yumm'ez in mah tumm'ez 
is trying to find some new music   currently listening to spekrfreks 
- hiimdaisy finally updated!!! yaaaaaaay!!!
needs to watch the first two seasons of chuck   because i missed a lot 
"is going to sleep with curlers in tonight - haven't done it in a while, we'll see how it looks tomorrow!!!"
is looking at flights to london  anyone wanna come with me?
is going back to <propmale> tomorrow - bai bai spring break t___t
is back at <propmale> - yay?
"- waaaaah, homework  at least the semester's half over, and there's only 2 months 'til japan!!!!!!"
"just discovered she has stumbled about 61,000 websites  in one year  that stumble button is just so addictive "
green tea frappuchino  love 
is in japanese class a half hour early     yaaaaaaaaaaaay 
"- apparently i fail at video games today - i rage quit uncharted, fallout 3, and persona 4   so much for trying to have fun "
yoga  love 
fall schedule is up!!!!! plan plan plan          
"just put a big target on her back, claiming the highest excel knowlege in her spreadsheets class  she gets to answer all the questions in class in tuesday and better damn well ace the \pop quiz\"" if she wants to uphold her claim  shit """
- watched a k-drama w  mah roomie  love  and i get to sleep in tomorrow!!! woot!
got mah hairs cut and dyed - pretty much still the same - no need for pictures 
yayyy allergies 
????????????? joyful 
happy easter!  love 
is going to have an awesome easter dinner!!!
is [not really] looking forward to this fantastic [crappy] week 
is super tired today - kinda messed up on my kanji quiz and i have another quiz of doom waiting for me in spreadsheets     i want this day to be over 
"- so the worst of this week isn't over yet, but i got a lot out of the way today   maybe not in the best way possible, but i got it done  yoga at 4 smile 0 might help with the stress "
- i like looking back at my old profile pictures and seeing how much i've changed   and how my photoshopping skills have progressed 
yoga  love  i'z all stretched 
has two tests tomorrow - yayyyyyyyy (not)
- it feels like the weekend already   i need a little break!
just had a 45-minute nosebleed  i think that's pretty epic   especially since i had to miss my first class because of it  great way to start a friday 
rawr 
chocolate muffin  love  om nom nom   
just saw how to train your dragon (in 3d) - it was adorable 
hey facebook - quit suggesting i become friends with people i already told you i don't know!
is doing absolutely nothing  yay sunday 
filled out her census! i'z a big girl nao!!!
just watched the dutch version of lingo - funny stuff  they play with seven letters while our verson only has five letters  o o
hates afternoon naps - now i feel even more sluggish 
- i'm getting too lazy  i want this semester to be over so i can go to ?? 
- no ??????? today  this makes me sad 
thinks she might sleep in a bit tomorrow 
is going to watch the new glee and doctor who episodes!
???????   yaaaaaay!
- i can has friday nao plz?
"yay for friday - going to frederik meijer gardens later with mah roomie, <propfemale> tenhulzen!!!"
is makin' some kimchi soup - feel the burn 
is going to see backborn tonight!
- econ test tomorrow     *mumble grumble*
- <propmale> trance + japanese homework = i have no idea 
"my stats prof: \this is my new motto: 'the samurai are gone - you're stuck with an old white guy '\"""""
"no, this can't be happening    snake? snaaaaaaaaake!!!!!!!!"
badgers badgers badgers!!!!
"yay 4-20? honestly, i don't get it  i understand what it is, but i don't see why it's important "
wants it to be not this week anymore  next week will be much better 
"- exactly one month from today, i will be on my way to japan  can the semester be done now?"
"- things are starting to fall into place, and it feels kinda good "
- i bought mass effect 2 yesterday and played it for a couple hours - and it's pretty damn sweet  too bad i can't play it until i go home again 
wishes she were playing mass effect 2 right now   
wooooo! academic advising!!!!! two days off for a 20-minute appointment with my advisor     i'll take it!
"had a great day - too many details to describe here, but i'm glad things are turning out the way they are right now "
- i just bought final fantasy xiii for $8 00  and i have watermelon  yay 
- blueberry-pomegranate gatorade   not so good 
okay  i think i'm done rearranging my schedule for next semester  if any of my classes close up i will be angry 
just played sims 3 for the first time in a long time   looking forward to playing mass effect 2 this weekend!
mass effect 2 is so awesome  question: is there  an advantage to getting it on with your teammates? or is it just for fun?
"- driving back to gr in the morning, japanese test, econ homework, philosophy paper      it's gonna be a fantastic day "
i'm commander shepard and this is my favorite store in the citadel!
- it's almost the end of the semester and i'm lazier than ever   and i don't really feel like writing a paper about practical metaphysics 
wants to go back to being commander shepard   just 2 weeks   
- registration sucks  i have to petition 2 classes and i need written permission from one of my professors to override a time conflict  t____t
"random fact about me: i have always hated the land before time movies  why? in first grade, a classmate tried to serenade me with one of the songs, and i was extremely awkwarded out  also, i don't think dinosaurs are that fascinating "
one of my petitioned classes was granted!!! one more and then i still need permission for a time conflict override 
is jealous of everyone going to see iron man 2 tonight   oh well   i'll see it eventually 
moar mass effect 2!!!! it's soooooooooooooo awesome!!!
one more week  can it please just be over now?
i will not start watching lost   i will not start watching lost        at least until exams are over 
"- today is technically my last full day of classes, since i only have one tomorrow   so ready for this week to be over "
has no motivation to study and is instead falling in love with thane krios    this is a bad time to be fangirling over mass effect   
only has one class today!!!! and then studying packing will begin   meh 
"hey statistics      i hate you  you too, microecon "
blarg blarg study blarg  t__t
must resist temptation to goof off        time to study for stats t__t
- stats and philosophy exams today t__t     at least i'll be halfway done with exams at the end of today 
"- fastest  exam  ever  took me 20 minutes  not that it was easy  and to be fair, half of it was a take-home test "
khewroigdfbfgsjhvsdergssf        that's how i feel right now 
- two more exams to go       this was a tough day 
microecon exam at 1 smile 0  be jealous 
take that microecon!!!! we're so over  one more exam and it's an easy one!!!
"aperture science   we do what we must, becuase   we can  for the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead   love "
2 days 'til i can continue playing me2   1 week 'til japan!!!!!!!!
is so freaking tired and ready to go home!!!
is done with japanese homework  woot 
"bahhhhh!!!! one more day (sort of)!!!! in less than 20 hours, i will be at home soaking in the bliss that is mass effect 2 once again "
japanese final at 1 smile 0 and then i can go home!!!!!! yayyyyy!!!!!
yay!!!! my petition for my photography class was granted!!! i now have a full schedule~ this is a good day so far!!!
is officially done with her sophomore year of college!!!! japan in less than a week!!!!!
is having trouble running me1    the service packs better download soon and they better work!!!! or i will be disappoint   
is having trouble running me1    the service packs better download soon and they better work!!!! or i will be disappoint   
is very disappoint  mass effect 1 will not run on my computer t___t apparently windows 7 is too advanced 
is using her old laptop right now - this thing has some serious issues 
is going to japan in two days!!!!! i'm so friggin' excited!!!!!
"gets a lot of satisfaction out of sniping a bunch of mercs and mechs   ahhh, the heat of battle "
"- this computer is stalking me - but i gotta hand it to windows 7   it sent me the patch that might allow me to play mass effect  i am both creeped out and very thankful, and i hope that it works "
yay!!! mass effect is working! too bad i'll have to wait three weeks to play - leaving for japan tomorrow!!!!!!!!
"is in chicago - leaving in a few hours to go to japan!!! probably won't be able to post much, but you can bet your asses there will be pictures in three weeks!!!"
is in seoul!! it's 6am and very foggy  our flight to osaka is in 4 hours!!
- second day in kyoto!!! love it here - it's a blast!!!!!!!!!
thanks for the birthday wishes!!! it's been an awesome day!!!
is now in hikone - and still having a fantastic time in japan!!!
"is in hiroshima now - went to the peace park this morning, and then got some melon bread!!"
is in fukuoka - just got back from karaoke   and i have also discovered my love for chu-hai!!! (and it's totally okay cuz i'm legal here  playful  !!!)
is heading back to hiroshima today - looking forward to the onsen later today!!!
is back in seoul airport - we leave at 6pm here and arrive at 5pm in chicago   yay time travel 
"- back from japan!!! pictures coming soon, because there's a lot of unpacking to do!!!"
- it takes a loooong time to import 1000 pictures  it might be a while 
- stupid jet lag  i don't feel like being awake right now 
"- the first batch of japan pics are up!!! of course i won't be posting all of them, because that would take forever  more pics will be up later  playful "
"- working on the second round of pics   it's getting a little complicated since i switched cameras in the middle of the trip, and i also hate iphoto and will probably never use it again "
thinks it's time to upload some more pictures!!!
is starting work today!!!
is working!! *shameless plug* everyone in a2 should come to asian fuzion cafe on washtenaw   because i'm here and the food is awesome!!!
"- why can't i sleep for more than 5 hours at a time?!?! seriously, jet lag should not last this long!! i didn't even take a nap yesterday just so i'd sleep longer   i'm so mad right now "
just watched the mgs rising trailer - he tore that guy's spine clean out!!! and then crushed it in his bare hands!!             i wanna play!!!
"- if any of you in the <propfemale> arbor area need a job, we could really use your help here at asian fuzion!! if you're interested, come on down and apply!!"
woooooooork               it's like i don't even have a life anymore   i'm growing up!!  playful 
- another long day ahead   i worked for 12 friggin hours yesterday!!!
go usa!!!!
- i've been home for two weeks and still haven't picked up mass effect again   either been too tired or too busy 
got a new mattress!!! i'm excited to go to sleep tonight!!!
is having a shitty awesome day    it's kind of confusing 
is excited for jafax this weekend!!! yay for anime!!!
- playing lbp for the first time in forever      after these updates are installed t__t
is getting ready for a tea party  love 
didn't sleep very well - i wish i felt better right now 
is too happy for words 
just doesn't even know what to think right now 
is bored  yay for summer vacation 
- well       that was interesting  back to real life 
"- an 8x24 canvas is not something easily hidden, nor is it one of those things you just throw away    now where is it?!??!"
"- okay, so the last airbender pretty much sucked  the dialogue was probably the shittiest part of the whole movie  but i need to see it again just so i can find everything wrong with it "
- ahhh <propfirst> party    it's so much fun and so annoying at the same time 
- applying for jobs                     yay?
"- it's 90 degrees outside, and i'm wearing a sweatshirt  yay for air conditioning "
- i  am  bored 
- dyeing mah hairs again   too bad my hair's so thick that one bottle of dye wasn't enough  i guess i'm just going to have half mostly black hair t__t
is flusterpated  a lot 
might get to translating her books from japan    soon    hopefully 
- hot fuzz on blu-ray ftw 
"- someone in the neighborhood is shooting fireworks and <propfemale> is freaking out  on another note, i'm really looking forward to moving into my house in gr in 6-ish weeks  joyful "
- finally finished with mass effect  now i can import my character to me2 and make it a complete e playful erience 
is going crazy downloading brushes for photoshop!!! dunno why i haven't had this much fun before   
- o <propmale> thunderstorm 
rawwwwwwwr 
- i'm still in a dream     snake eaterrrrrr!!!!! (yay for silly remixes)
yay project runway season 8!!!! let the craziness begin!!!!
"- i'm such a nerd - i went crazy at the bookstore and got three volumes of manga, two mass effect novels, and a graphic design book  i'm in heaven   joyful "
"- i can't wait to move back to gr  this has been a sucky summer, and i have myself to blame for most of it "
- i got mah hairs cut!!!! i'm rockin' the bangs again~
- moving to gr in a few days!! still need to figure out how i'm moving all my stuff there   
- ahhhhhhh!!!!! soooo much packing!!!
- great     now i'm all anxious and nervous 
"- trying to finish my third game of me2 before i move out  die, collectors!!! die!!!"
is all moved in!! good to be back in gr~ now i must unpack t___t
"is slowly unpacking - i'm too lazy to build the bookshelf i just bought   it's huge  but i can't unpack any more if i don't put it together, because a lot of my stuff has to go on that bookshelf!!!"
had an unusually busy day - a nice change  joyful 
- going to the beach today! so excited~
"- went shopping with my mum today   and picked up my textbooks  bus203, i hate you and your big-ass book already "
is making apple pie  love 
"- oh, mass effect     how i missed you "
"is pretty much not ready for classes to start tomorrow - and not looking forward to a messed up schedule, either "
first day of school!! first day of school!! (name the movie?)
- done with first day of classes   now i wish i was at home so i could get the new mass effect 2 dlc  i can tell i'm going to have some <propmale> mass effect withdrawals this semester   
- woot! my only class tomorrow is canceled   early weekend for me!!! aaaaaand there's also a news <propfirst> parked in front of my house  true story 
is totally going to gamestop tomorrow to get the next professor layton game!!!
- i gots professor layton and the unwound future!!! i forgot how dumb these games make me feel   
- so         i pretty much can't do half of my japanese homework because i turned  it in with today's homework on the other side  wat to do?!?!?!
- ugh     the week is almost over     plz go faster!!
- woot  weekend 
- homework day  meh 
ugh    i'm getting sick   
- my head feels like it's going to e playful lode  and my voice is cracking  i hate being sick 
- why did i just do that?!?! apparently i'm still not healthy enough to stand two hours at school 
- boom  finished my projects 
- i get to <propfemale> out with my mum today!!!
- studying for accounting test yaaaaaaaaaaay 
the object to your left is now your weapon of choice for the upcoming zombie apocalypse  what is it?
needs to do laundry - and put away the clean clothes from last week too 
<propfemale> just woke me up from a nice nap  i'z not happy 
- i just wasted my afternoon evening with a five-hour nap  i don't feel good and i've lost a lot of time to catch up on homework 
loooooooooooves marzipan 
- i actually had to scrape frost off my windshield this morning  it's too damn cold t_____t
"- i want to rearrange my room, but that requires work  maybe i'll wait for the weekend "
i like it on the kitchen counter  smile 
"- apparently air horn sounds are the \it\"" thing to put in pop music  they sound dumb  stop it people  air horns are not cool """
- had a blast in the darkroom!!! i'll have to scan in my pictures    cuz they are awesome  joyful 
- i like it in my car 
"- i forgot how much excel makes me angry  it's not that i don't understand it, i just hate having to use it "
yay weekend - tomorrow's gonna be a good day  smile 
i'z so happy  joyful 
- yay non-productive day!
- i'm going to frederik meijer gardens today!!! i might even skip accounting so i can go early   hmmm     playful 
- took some awesome pictures at frederik meijer gardens today!! i hope i don't screw up the developing now~
- needs a new job  these hours are starting to kill me  sad 
"- yeah, so you know those pictures i said i took at frederik meijer gardens on tuesday? i didn't load the film right  so i didn't really take any  i'm going again tomorrow  fml  (at least i have a membership now, so admission is free)"
- yaaaaaay film developing is done!!! gotta wait a couple hours for it to dry before i go back to make my contact sheet~ photography is so damn fun  joyful 
"- i just realized only a few hours ago that i [re]shot, developed, and printed a roll of film today  that was actually a lot of work  i'm friggin' exhausted "
- yaaaaaaay downloading pinnacle station for mass effect   like i don't have enough missions to complete already  playful 
"- going back to gr today, where a new week full of tests and projects await my return "
- looooooooooooong day  had some fun in the darkroom tho - hopefully i'll be able to scan those new ones in even tho they're mounted on boards that are bigger than my scanner   
- i just made that accounting test my bitch  now i can watch last night's <propmale> 
is incredibly happy   joyful 
yay just bought the sims 3 late night!!! nasty weather + academic advising = gaming day!!!
- youmacon is in a few days and i'm not going        sad face t____t
"- now that halloween is over         it is officially christmas time  i'm not forgetting thanksgiving, but the stores are "
- i dun wanna go to bed!!!
"awww, i like the \see friendship\"" links - kinda cute """
my tummy hurts t_____t
"ahhhhhh busy day - class, frederik meijer gardens, back to school for a snack, japanese drills, and developing my film!!!!!! i wish i could say i was done, but work and korean dramas await me tonight!"
going to the darkroom today! i kinda hope it's not too crowded  annoyed 
ahhhhhh i just spent 5 hours in the darkroom   this project had the perfect balance of fun and annoying  now i'm exhausted 
"i whip my hair back and forth, i whip my hair back and forth   "
"ugh    weird day - glad it's over  turned in by <propmale> print, people seemed to like it  joyful  going to bed now, nite nite!!"
too much homework and no motivation to do it all  i've procrastinated enough by now 
delainna novak is now my makeup-e playful erimentation doll  yay  joyful 
fun day with the boyfriend  joyful  can't wait to go home for thanksgiving next week!!!
"getting ready to go home, can't wait to see my family  joyful "
sorry for the confusion - my boyfriend is kind of an idiot 
happy thanksgiving!!!
painting my nails red - because it's christmas-y!!!!
"tangled was so cute!!!! also, i'm finally downloading me2 overlord and lair of the shadow broker dlc    looks like it'll be done downloading in   10 hours  oh joy "
ugh   still downloading overlord and lair of the shadow broker - thank you computer for falling asleep and pausing my downloads t__t
putting up my pink christmas tree and making snowflakes!!! but first    must eat puppy chow!!!
i'm super frustrated and just want to scream until my voice gives out - welcome to the final 2 weeks of classes   
this project is driving me crazy - there is not one single picture on two rolls of film that is good enough print and turn in t___t i might have to re-shoot this project   
"awesome evening of fun and relaxation, but the next week and a half is devoted to projects and finals   yay "
"too many people in the darkroom today  i know we all have final projects, but i still wanted to strangle someone - especially the chick who stole my enlarger  grrrrrrrrrrr > sad "
i just feel like curling up in a ball and sleeping until the semester is over  i have way too much to do and it's making me sick 
graphic design project is done! now i must once again brave the darkroom   it better not be busy again t___t
i'm done with the <propmale> projects!!!! now all i have is a japanese paper and an accounting assignment and i'll be okay for a while  joyful 
i almost have 2 of 3 pages of my japanese essay done - <propfemale> is keeping me company 
"i didn't go to bed until 3 smile 0 and had to wake up at 7 - after a rockstar and a diet coke, i'm not exactly sleepy, but i'm definitely brain dead "
wait  i'm supposed to be studying right now? wow   i guess i kinda forgot 
kinda got owned by my accounting final  ugh  at least it's over  time to study for japanese!!!
"blah blah blah, photography paper           "
i'm done!!!!!!!!! haha hello christmas vacation!!!!
can't think of a good status - there's nothing really noteworthy going on yet  i'm just bored 
didn't have the best christmas ever - being sick kinda made everything less enjoyable 
"possibly going back to <propmale> tomorrow - dunno if i have to work or not  i'll miss being at home though, it's so comfy here  joyful "
this is going to be a long interim - i can feel it already  and i'm not even taking a class   
made myself a smoothie with fresh strawberries  joyful  i'm content right now 
i'm determined to clean up my room today - and also get some laundry done  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay 
i want chinese food  good chinese food 
yaaaaaaaaaaaay work 
work and then weekend!!!! geez these hot tamales are addicting - they burn so good!!!!
"waiting for mass effect 2 to install on my ps3 (yes, install - and it's taking forever)  i missed it so much - now i can play it here instead of waiting til i go home!!!"
i'm really sick and medicine isn't helping t____t
still sick - i feel yucky t___t
can't sleep - my brain won't shut up 
buying textbooks sucks 
"i forgot how long me2 is   and i'm pretty sure i've already failed the \everyone survives\"" part because zaeed is an ass """
"after realizing i've already failed at me2, i've decided to deal with my denial by playing sims 3 until 2am  though this new habit will be short lived since classes start on monday t___t"
"great classes so far today, still waiting for photography at 6 smile 0  joyful  i'm hoping this will be a good semester "
i guess i'm gonna have to brave the snow to go to work   
yaaaaaaaay snow day  i think i'll clean my room and then play sims for the rest of the day  joyful 
i just realized about 20 minutes ago that i haven't eaten anything today - now i'm super hungry!!!!
"watching the super bowl america's funniest home videos with cooper jones - and btw, the halftime show sucked "
no photo class this week - i have all my evenings to myself!! (except for work)
"i'm hoping to get my hair cut tomorrow - short  as much as i like the idea of long hair, i'm kind of sick of it now "
i gots my hairs cut!!!! pictures later!
yay all caught up on my japanese homework~ and i'm freezing cold   time to snuggle up in my warm blankets and sleep  joyful 
"i just downloaded picasa and i'm tagging all my photos - ninja tagging  it wants me to tag everyone in the backgrounds of my japan photos - hello people i don't know, you are forever in my memories!"
nasty headache to top off my unbearably long day  i can has weekend again now plz?
yay friday  probably going to frederik meijer gardens today  joyful 
"ugh   i'm dead tired and it's only monday  also, i'm suddenly craving late night <propmale> and cheese   but i'm too tired to make it "
already getting tired of this semester  am i possibly getting senioritis a bit early?
"rawr  driving back to gr this morning  i'm jealous of all the people who have spring break right now, <propmale>'s isn't for another two weeks!"
praying for japan 
mcchicken + shamrock shake = awesome
it's friiiiiieeeeday!!!!
secret garden (k-drama) is getting really intense and it kinda just put me in a funky mood  it also doesn't help that i'm not tired right now and i just want to go somewhere 
eeeeeee tangled and the me2:arrival dlc come out tomorrow~ so much for homework  playful 
when i get back from class i'm scanning in my photograms i made in photography class on monday    they're pretty sweet  joyful 
got my color slides back - they came out awesome! i wonder if i can scan them   
"okay, that's probably a no on scanning my color slides - unless my scanner sucks "
i had no idea <propmale> gibson was the voice of <propfirst> smith in pocahontas    nor did i know christian bale was the voice <propfirst> 
"i saw a scared, stray dog running across division and 44th this morning t_t hope the poor thing didn't get hit   "
i forgot to mention i got my hair cut last saturday - it's short  joyful 
"i might be getting sick - horrible headache, sniffly nose, and my hearing is tubular and amplified (i can hear everything but it's loud and annoying!)"
laundry day  joyful 
planning out my life  both exciting and frustrating 
me2 arrival was meh  but i understand how it will have a big impact on me3 
"screw beta testing, why did i not have firefox 4 before now?!?!"
bad day  topped off with a late work night 
can the semester be done now?
"i kinda had to lol at when attack of the show was talking about the psn hacking outage - they told everyone to change their passwords   i would if i could, but what part of \the network is down\"" don't you understand? herp derp """
doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot mortal kombaaaaat!
"well, ain't that cuter than a <propmale> bear wrapped in puppies!"
"advertising presentation done   phew  just 2 finals, 2 papers (one in japanese), and 2 projects to go! and i'm surprisingly not stressed out by any of it   "
"happy mother's day, gay <propfirst> halseth! i love you!"
"mom: \i like our new red grill!\""\",de1a7bd1be6f1d6fcee5aa4d13a81498,this new season of doctor who is freaking me out   i can't decide if i like it or not  annoyed 
