0f66458bfae8fc3ede1be4fa66f2b572
happy to have the day off!
"geez, i can't believe my second cousin is older than i am  wink "
is so excited angeeneh just got a job in tampa!
is loving life! it's all coming together!
off work and ready to go   
back to the grind stone
in wyoming i dodged antelope and deer   here it's raccoons!! what gives?
can't wait for the vintage ohio wine festival!
the scrappers may have lost but i still had a great time at the game!
is reading 10-10-10 by <propfemale> welch
"i know it's sick, but i can't wait to see who the bachelorette picks tonight!  wink "
geez  the bachelorette was a bit disappointing   poor little <propmale>   
what a gorgeous day! i'm so glad i got to spend part of it by the pool!
"ohio wine festival, here i come!"
heading to the scrappers game!
why does love have to feel like a battlefield?
getting ready to witness <propfirst> getsy's execution  reaction from the victim's family tonight at 6 on wytv and wkbn 
is wiped out   
"when you came in, the air went out "
can't wait to see my family and friends in <propmale>!
what an awesome concert journey was and those girls with heart--quite the set of pipes!!
loving the florida sunshine!
getting ready for tonight's mda telethon 
just finished up helping host the <propfirst> <propfirst> mda telethon tonight--so much fun!
"if you haven't already please make a donation to <propfirst>'s kids! i know times are tough right now, but imagine what it would be like having to buy a new wheelchair right now because your son or daughter was just diagnosed with ms or als "
just finished watching the season finale for true blood--i can't believe i have to wait until next year for the next season 
"i think my brain is going to e playful lode, i'm reading a book about quantum physics   must take a break    wink "
can't wait to go get a massage tonight!
my awesome time in chicago!
had fun hanging out with the <propfirst> clarkson crew   
ladybugs are taking over my balcony  wink 
has become obsessed with <propfirst> handey quotes all of the sudden  anyone have a good one?
vegas baby!!
"is about to be transformed into a zombie  but not just any zombie, mind you   a former las vegas showgirl!"
work  work  and more work
can't wait for niagara falls--it's my first time!
is blessed by birthday wishes! thank you!
thanks everyone for the fabulous birthday wishes   it was a good one!
wishing everyone a wonderful thanksgiving!
the countdown to vegas begins  saturday will be here before i know it!
vegas was so fun!!!
my phone has been lost--i need everyone's digits!
i just finished watching the <propmale> finale  and i am sick over it  <propfemale> was so beautiful and sweet! why did this have to happen? tears are streaming down my face   
i got to interview country superstar <propmale> rogers tonight! it was so awesome!
is feeling blessed  wishing everyone a wonderful christmas!
new year  new life 
can't wait for <propmale>!
staking out <propmale> <propmale> tonight  shhh! don't tell   
enjoying <propmale>
anyone know anything interesting going on in youngstown or the surrounding area? or a new program that would make a  good news story  or maybe an interesting person to highlight in a news feature? i need an idea for a story wednesday--it can be about anything 
sometimes you just have to take a deep breath and remember all that your thankful for instead of focusing on what's stressing you 
wine and chocolate solves everything!
off to the big city   
you have brains in your head  you have feet in your shoes  you can steer yourself any direction you choose  you're on your own and you know what you know  and you are the one who'll decide where to go!
helping our troops!
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment   
"too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around   leo buscaglia"
sometimes you just have to keep on keeping on   
a setback is a setup for a comeback!
excited about the downtown dash!
thank god for new beginnings!
"watch your thoughts, they become words  watch your words, they become actions  watch your actions, they become habits  watch your habits, they become character  watch your character, it becomes your <propfemale> "
anyone ever been to costa rica? i'm planning a trip and looking for e playful eriences advice must do's must be careful of   
on my way to chicago soon!
just got back from a beautiful wedding! all the best to <propfemale> and <propfirst> garcia!!
countdown to <propmale> t-2 days!
just one more day!!
"enjoying florida, friends and family "
back in the swing of things!
thinking about costa rica!
"the minute you choose to do what you really want to do, it's a different kind of life \-buckminster fuller"
just got back from the park  feeling good  what a gorgeous day!!
it amazes me how two people can be going through the same e playful erience and yet e playful erience something else entirely 
"thinking about our troops, past and present  god bless "
costa rica's just one more day away!!
hopping on the plane now! <propfemale> <propfemale>!
this place is amazing!!
more pics to come!
getting ready for a fun night out in <propfemale> for the small ships revue 
happy fourth of july everyone!!
i'm working on my painting for the festival of arts this weekend  does anyone have a good picture of the youngstown skyline i could use for inspiration?
my love for painting has been reborn!
excited about chicago
the movie inception is seriously intense! can't wait to see it again 
excited about the vintage ohio wine festival 
preparing for the execution of <propmale> davie  heading to lucasville to witness and report on it 
just found out a friend of mine from high school died in afghanistan while on his third tour of duty  i'm saying a prayer for his new wife and unborn daughter 
"anyone that wants to come cheer my on at this celebrity horse race tomorrow at the canfield fair is welcome to come! it's at the grandstands around 1 pm  if i win, i'm donating the $300 purse to <propfirst> wilcox and his family  he's the 2-year-old from austintown battling leukemia  should be fun!"
riding high from the canfield fair   
time for the mda telethon--it's on from 9 to midnight out at the eastwood mall  come out and help make a difference! see you there 
loving this cooler weather!
there's no words to describe the significance of this day  but it's one that's touched all of our lives and one which will impact every generation to come  take a moment today to remember and reflect 
so excited my sister is coming into town!
the second episode of <propmale> on sunday   
today is my day for fantasy football! i just feel it 
check out the series on hoarders tonight on wytv and wkbn news at 6pm
the hoarders stories will only air on wkbn at 6pm   
get ready for part 3 of the hoarders series where we take you inside the home of a family in columbiana featured on the a&e hoarders show 
i want thai food!
god bless our veterans!
i need a win in fantasy football this week!!
thank you so much everyone for all the birthday wishes! i feel blessed 
sometimes you've just got to keep on keeping on 
happy thanksgiving everyone and many blessings!
<propmale> <propfirst> has saved me this week in fantasy! i feel a win coming on 
"i was just telling my sister last night how we haven't had any snow yet   i get up and there it is, like it never left  wink  it does look pretty though!"
orlando  i can almost feel the sunshine!
i've lost my cell phone!
i made it to the finals in fantasy football!
so excited   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
just one week left!
"does anyone know a reputable, reasonable moving company?"
i'm really going to miss youngstown  i've met some really great people here 
loving the sunshine and palm trees!
go steelers!!
steelers baby!!
heading to south beach!
about to do a story on the big cats sanctuary in tampa--it's the biggest of its kind in the world  can't wait to see all of the amazing tigers and lions 
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think!"
"strange fact: i met \bubbles\""--michael <propmale>'s chimpanzee yesterday!"""
