fcf64445ab538bf576604d3972a1eade
happy new year! everone hopefully it'll be a better one 
i'm just tired  but happy my bf is home and doing well
"nice remote monitoring, it does have a useful purpose"
it's here! let the festivities begin
daddy shakin his boots
slammin somre brown's
i can't believe those idiots on comedy central caved in and cancelled his show
"aahhhh now that the rub is finally done, beef brisket in the smoker for the next 6 1 2 hrs  then the coals for 1hr  good eats before a night out!"
"brisket out of the smoker, now wrapped in applewood smoked bacon and a shot or two of kentucky bourbon and on the coals for an hour or two "
brisket outta the coals and in my belly now  very tender and tasty! not bad for the 1rst time
is it the weekend yet?
i'm stuck in the same boat as dj so no fun for me
"it was definately a good day, got to go have breakfast and visit with <propfemale> today  it's nice to see her getting around so well "
yeah well i say let it snow!
thank's to <propfirst> for becoming a part of my online jungle!
yeah this new shizzo is going to take a little to get use to
okay who broke the farkle game?
aaagghhhh!!!  that is what's on my mind right now at work
is it time to go home yet?
going out on the ice hoping to put more in the freezer
"knowing that no matter what life throws at you, there is always someone there for you "
"it's race day, who's gonna cheer when <propmale> has a date with the wall???"
what's for dinner?
"it's cold out,  a few of theese will warm anybody up"
"it's been a long day, time for bed"
is it 1800hrs  yet
"still bored, now i'm ready for some brown"
for everyone that's actually on here have a great 2 days off (if you actually got them)
<propmale> <propfirst>! bitch!
"sure is a nice day,     "
can't wait to have my partner back
chillinin the snow
another day in the box!
is it time to go home yet?
3-4 glasses of canadian club 12yr makes work bearable
let the running around start!
it was a nice dinner eating seafood with <propfemale> & my neighbor <propmale>
angels & demons       hhhmmmmmmm!!
"running the \studded tire\"" and it's a good thing!"""
bed time!
back in the cell
"coffee with <propfemale> & <propmale>, and scouting the woods"
time to go to bed until the next bonus!
whatching the clock tick life away
not really giving a f about ?????
"it's a new day, let's see what it brings"
"lot's of running around, and spending the day with <propfemale> <propfemale>"
another round of blah blah blah
go in peace my brothers           
"might as well snow now, gotta work all weekend"
"can't love the one you want, love the one your'e with, yeah right whatever!"
jericho anyone?
so do we even have a constitution anymore?
"remember, are forefathers once took up arms to escape oppression!"
"surgery went well, <propfemale>  sore but home in bed "
back in the grind
"hangin with my  favorite people, and enjoying the ambiance of the moment"
"hotel room service, is on my mind!  heh heh"
meet me in the motel room
brewing up a batch of seafood gumbo today
"gumbo was great, now it's back to hotel room serice"
chasing  deadlines
gone fishing on the menomie & bay
happy easter!
i hate the wind
"sweet, almost like a <propfemale> pot     but not as satisfying"
"chillin, while i watch the snow melt"
"stocked up the bar, maybe i'll have some company?????"
bonfires are the greatest thing for relaxations! drinks don't hurt either
can i get some room service?
"now have in the garage, (man cave)"
"what's on my mind? some f'in hotel room service, beootch that's what"
foot soak then bedtime
"gettin the hair done, and hangin with <propfemale>"
it was a good day!
"gettin my butt kicked, <propfemale>'s in fat burner mode"
"spreading fertilizer in the garden, yeah"
"you know someone you gonna take to the hotel room tonight, bang, frack, screw"
"another fun filled day at <propfemale>'s gettin yard work done after her last day of therapy, yippie!"
i need you now!
"back to the shop, and it's <propfemale> as usual"
"estatic, <propfemale>'s coming back"
"weekend finally here, time for grilling, bonfires & drinking!!! whoopie!!!"
"bored, need to get a room!"
definately time for a little hotel room service!  smile 
what are you doing now?sitting at work on day off
"what are you doing now? leaving title town brewery, 2 plus 2 i'll undress you, hotel room service!"
"enjoying another lovely day at work, oh joy"
"what are you doing now?after a really good day yesterday at titletown brewery with partner, it's back the task at hand work "
"waiting for the day to end, tomorrow"
"what  a fucked up ending for the race, but gordin did get whacked! hehe!"
we need tv's at work
beatin people who try to punk you out
what are you doing now?chowin wings at cliffhangers
"cleaning out the crap in the basement that hasn't moved in a year, oh joy"
wonders why people waste your time  telling you things they have no intentions on following through with?
"another great day of fishing at the outer banks, everyone limited out in 3 1 2 hrs  smoked salmon and spread "
"fish caught, grass cut, dishes done, laundry washed and folded, i need a wife-"
yippie best friend coming home today!
"it wouldn't be so bad being at work, except the rain missed us and it's nice out"
"sometime during the next 2 days off of tittletown and \snackpacks\"" """
"just got through withba few liters at titletown with <propfemale>, now it's time to get to work"
"happy 4th of july everyone  oil changed on the truck, time to getting ready to enjoy the holiday festivities "
"wish it would rain all day, get rid of the humidity"
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends' list,as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  lets see who on my friends' list actually pays attention  copy and paste this as    your   status  i'll be watching to see who really is "
is it ever gonna stop raining?
"\it is not the amount of time you spend with someone that makes life better it is the someone that you spend the time with that makes life better!\"""""
"having breakfast then, bring on the pain  <propfemale> and i are gettin inked!"
can't wait for my 2 days off
less than a month kids are back in school yippie!
iv'e figured that 90% of my so called facebook associates aren't worth it! less than 24 hours from now you'll know who you are!
a loyal friend will drop everything just to help you in your time of need and never e playful ect any thanks 
it really sucks when people your suppose be able to trust turn out to be twofaced liars 
it's been a really good start to the 10 day vacation spending time with family and really close friends!!!
"it's nice to be at least someone's option, sometimes   i think????"
time for a peacefull bonfire!
wtf???????
and sometimes it's not about me
"just found out my high school best friend is getting married again to a wonderful woman!!!! lucky him, he found happiness again!"
"sweet the bar, at mt  olympus hotel rome has a smoking area "
feeding the kids dinner in oshkosh then drop off jennas fiends and be home by 8 smile 0
"ah home unpacked, relaxing"
best friends are like the ocean always changing becoming closer to each other and never giving up on each other i love you best friend for life  smile 
"i figure it this way, if your'e hiding on here, what else do you hide?"
"got a new, string free peep on the bow today, itchin for the killing to start tomorrow with early goose!! it has begun! let the carnivore harvesting begin!!!!!!"
"i'm here for you because you're always there for me  you're kind,loving,sweet and sometimes can be bitchy but nobody can come between me and my best friend !!!"
"2 more to go,yippie!"
new year resolution #1- be more tolerant of stupid people- oops!! i mean intellectually challenged people (this might take all year) and i'm not doing so well!
no matter how many text messages you send they cannot replace the sound of your voice! never underestimate the power of a phone call to make someone's day! it's like music to the ear!
i hate when you try to go to bed early and can't get to sleep
"i will always be there to hold your hand in hard times; calm you in distressed times, and offer my help even when your pride may keep you from asking for it "
lunch at title town and a dark helmet witha growler to go
"sometimes it's hard to understand why some go through the bullshit they do in thier lives, but it is thiers to endure  i guess all i can do is be there for them "
time for a fire before bed time!
life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life   smile 
nothing like a nice fire and drink to relax after work
nothing like a nice fire to relax after work
"not seeing a few people for awhile, forever would be nice"
"combo plate of froglegs, shrimp, and perch mmmmmmm good"
"i'm here for you because you're always there for me  you're kind,loving,sweet and sometimes can be bitchy but nobody can come between me and my best friend !!!"
"spend time with those you love  one of these days you will say either \i wish i had\"" or \""i am glad i did\""   smile """
good night unfair and unpredictable world!
hangin with my best friend and her lovely new grand daughter!
"passed pt course and tac course, legs feel like noodles time to relax  man vs  food!"
"sittin by the fire,listening to led zepplin & guns & roses"
"commando paintball sports great day of paintball oct 24th 9 surprise 0a m  - 5 surprise 0p m  free equipment, free field pass, free air all you pay for is paint   we will also be raffling an invert mini (valued at $350) you will receive one free raffle ticket w  purchase of a bag of paint  we will also be having hourly door prizes  it's going to be our biggest, and best great day ever  call 920-826-5554 to reserve your equipment "
 smile 
"no service in the club, kinda busy"
why does the weekend have to be over sooooo fast  sad 
"sittin by a fire, havin a drink relaxing with neighbors"
seasoning my new char griller proffesional grill 
oh and watching the game with a beer too!
"best friends are hard to find, difficult to forget, and always by your side no matter what : )"
"had a drink with <propfirst> klenke in my garage, wow what a down to earth person! please support on november 2!!!!!"
is it wrong to love your country and best friend but hate your current govt  potus and administration?????
wishing i could do more my bf
"there comes a time in your life when you realize that if don't take the opportunity to be happy, you may never get another <propmale>"
"sometimes, maybe it should be about me"
"it was a really good day, got to have breakfast with my closest and dearest bestfiend and spend time with her grand daughter!"
"missing my best friend, even though it's only been a few hours since i seen her : ("
"had a good time with my best friend,  having dinner and drinks at titletown brewery!  happy birthday luv ya to death!"
"why does it seem like some people think that you can't tell when they are saying things they think you want to hear, might as well play the game and see what they'll say next   wink "
"why do people bother to open thier mouths, more empty promises they have no real intentions on carring through with"
"i don't know what kind of friends you've had but in this circle we take care of each other, we are family with or without blood ties"
"<propfemale> puts a few wrong people in your life, so when the right one comes along you'd be thankful   smile "
8hrs 30 mins  till legal shootin time  good luck to all my huntin bretheren be safe
"what's on my mind,  i really don't know anymore     "
"turkey all rubbed down and in the smoker, potatoes peeled, now for some cleaning"
had an awesome day with my best friend <propfemale> and family eating and drinking!  smile 
"working for <propfirst> might be more fun, just sayin"
is being on standby really time off?
"sauce cooking for lasagna tonight, laundry going and tree is up and the lights r good!"
"i like the people in my life, i just wish the ones that aren't would quit trying to force thier way into it  if i wanted you there you wouldn't be trying to to get there!  sad "
"am i coming, or going? must be going crazy"
"people come into our life for a reason, and even if only for a short time, they still helped to shape us into who we are  thanks for being a part of mine, sometimes!"
a nice fire and a bunch of old fashions!
"well nce soooo many liked my status  2 more logs on the fire, and i'll have one for my bff, <propfirst>, my long lost freind sandra(who's a blast to be around) and everyone else, and another for meeeeeeeee!"
"i hope all my friends in tr area are okay, this is one of the worst blast we've had in awhile "
"o all my facebook friends: will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family  r i p -respect"
"should you be upset, when you find out that details of something were purposely held from you, and would it change your opinion of that person  when it was suppose to be an open honest discussion   sad "
"yeah, back to the grind of cleaning and making a pot of split pea soup with ham"
someone please turn the heat on!
a super fantastic day! i got to have coffee with my best friend  smile 
"<propfemale> christmas &  happy new year to my family, friends and associates !  smile "
"a nice fire,smoked ribs, a good drink and the thought of spendinding christmas with family and your best friend and family  is absolutely  priceless        smile "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"had a great evening with best friend and family, would post pics but left at bff's house maybe tomorrow   smile "
"dinner, drinks and <propmale> dunham with family and <propfemale> & <propmale>  a great evening that ended too fast "
"pasta salad made, time to get ready for work,  sad    but at least i'm employed  smile "
clearing the checkpoint and the rearview mirror  smile 
???  wink 
time for bed cuz the rest doesn't  matter anymore 
"after a really good nights sleep, ready to go another 24 day cycle!"
"cut a truck load of oak up north, time to get home to get ready for work  sad "
"8hrs  to go, be nice if it went a little quicker  smile "
relaxed with a nice fire and a packer victory! finished the night talking with my bestie!!!! awesome night!  wink 
"i am not superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy,    will be without money  i can't let that person be me! what the heck might as well try"
"ever notice how some of your so called \friends \"" end up gettting what they rightfully deserve!  now that's lol! ; )"""
"shattered dreams, sometimes you have to except when to quit "
time for a smoke and bed before i realize ther'e more people than i thought that i dont need in y life  ;
"time to get the smokers and grills ready, split some wood for the fire then it's all about the packers vs  bears game today!  packers bringin down the house today!"
"it has begun, fire roarin, ribs & wings goin shriwp are damn good and the packers just scored!"
"damn, now that the packers are goin to the super bowl gotta have another massive cook out & fire    don'tcha just hate to have another party   wink "
"sometimes one has to walk the path of life alone, because those you thought that would always be there, somehow difted off the path you all started on   sad "
if you thought cutting onions made your eye's tear up try grinding up horseraddish roots
"driveway cleaned off and beef roast in the slow cooker, time to relax for a few then shopping!"
time to start preping for superbowl
"what's on my mind?     how the hell do i know, because i seem to be losing it   wink "
"15hrs  till the festivities begin  wings marinating, ribs rubbed down    wink "
it has begun! the greatest battle of mortal combat on the grid iron! go pack go!   smile 
"yea! back to the grind, with an artic blast twist   sad "
"2 days away from the rat race, aaah the drama free zone   smile "
damn good awesome day with my best friend and her grand daughter
"life is too short, appreciate those that have blessed your life, and made it that much more enjoyable      wink "
element mobile sucks!
it has begun! the datona 500    smile 
dinner just about done the lounge pants are on time to relax and enjoy the rest of the race 
"driveway plowed, snow  day yeah!"
things are not always what they appear to be 
i don't know anymore
is it friday yet?
12hrs  to go for the weekend! whoo hoo!  wink 
uh some good old fashion      oh yeah not gonna happen
"brisket smoking for 4 hours, ribs thrown in now for 3 1 2 hours gonna be good!  smile "
"faith is nothing more than what you percieve to be true, trust  no one further than you can cast your own body after falling on your sword "
"okay, sick of the snow now it can stop! need some sun so i can work on my tan   wink "
"thanks to those \special\"" people who make life better!  wink """
"is it wrong to tell people if you left me or died tomorrow, i would only benefit, cuz i would be free from of the negativity you bring into my life?"
"ziva rocks, actually any gurl with red hair and weapons with attitude rocks!  wink "
whoo hoo last complete weekend off in awhile only 6hrs  away
oh yeah! new lg steam washer and dryer! now if i could just get someone else to do my laundry!  smile 
"get running around, and house work done early to enjoy the last nice day for awhile   smile "
"new washer and dryer in with new duct work, time to relax and finish watching the race "
"just when you think you can relax for a day, the kitchen sink drain starts leaking, time for a trip to menards"
"kitchen drain fixed, furniture rearranged, now it's time to relax before bed"
"yeah made it home without gettin wet, now time for bed    smile "
driveway is bone dry hopin it stays that way for a while!   smile 
"going to enjoy a few days off, thinking it's time to make some eggrolls "
"ache's pains, nasty cough, and a low grade temp  definately a pajama day in bed "
"now that it's warm, gotta deal with rain and flat hair   wink "
