5c8f3216a77f09097c45aac50b00899a
night everyone
"some asshole drove by my house and shot at it with freakin paintball guns, seriously wtf"
how shit did u feel that earth quake?
wow    bad night   havent fealt this way in a long time    this sucks
lol i just ran from the border patrol that was crazy
woo tired just got done jumping on a trampoline  lol accidently kneed by brother in the head
owww   my whole body hurts damnit
"\whats the difference between peanut butter and jam u cant peanut butter ur weiner up some1s butt\""~@arielle padilla lol thats a good one <propfemale>"""
ahhh! im officialy broke  sad  aww
duuuuude   im sooo tired
well bye everyone probably wont be on this weekend got a lot of stuff to do lol gonna be fun
im goona watch inglorious bastards!
im playin fooseball tommorow!
i didnt play foose ball today  sad 
man   i feel like shit
im so confused   
i cant find my phone!
done 
<propfemale>! i need ur phone number if im gonna go any where this saturday 
saw <propfemale> in wonderland today    was pretty dumb  that's my review   
drama drama drama   
mmm gotta love walmart burritos
pandora is the shit
relax your farting next to a waterfall 
i dont know facebook    what's on your mind?
why is there no hole in this wall?
the adventures of a obese defective clone of jesus
man bear pig is on the loose    im so cereal 
im no superman
cutchya nuts
<propfemale> are you hiv positive about that?
gingers dont have souls   
paradoxical undressing
the office is on!
this is an 81 honda how dare you!
my mom changed her mind    lame   
dio is dead  sad 
my dogs eating a branch    should i stop her???
first day of summer    yipee
no more phone  sad 
about to go dig up our old sprinkler system   wish me luck
feel like listening to u2   so i will
vegas in 3 days
you know im a dreamer but my hearts of gold
in vegas had a pretty interesting week here so far haha   
 smile 
"goodbye everbody, im gonna go do stuff!"
goin to cece's oh ya
"got back from vegas like 3 days ago, and is about to leave again lol"
i broke my toe lol
<propfemale> is the greatest!
bored   cant play poker :[
lol photoshop is awesome
the beeeaaar jew
mudith is such a good host 
cornholeis
"lol tonight was pretty awesome  beat <propfemale> at pool, scarred mudith big time lol, only bad part was when i ran into mudith lol "
"private parts reporting for duty, sir!"
"something, something darkside "
what did the ocean say to the boat    nothing it just waved! lmao
"if fruit grows on a tree, what kind of tree does a chicken grow on? a pole-tree! haha"
what did the elephant say to the naked man? thats cute but can it pick up peanuts  hahaha
nothing more than a typical whore 
i got 99 problems and they all bitches
gator dont play no shit! he aint <propfemale> been about that
went fishing earlier caught 3 bass all above 2 pounds and a hat   good day
"live duro, rápido viver, e viver sem arrependimentos"
"interesting night    met some new people when i was walking round town    they were very, smart definitely went to college  wink "
a barrel of monkeys would not be very fun    
south park! south park! south park!!!!! yeah    south park 
got reach!!!  laugh 
gonna work through the night wish me luck
i<propfemale> firin <propfemale> lazer!!!
dream of cailfornication 
chillin out maxin relaxin all cool
lol mudith way to go setting the microwave at school on fire like that whats wrong with you!! everybody knows metal in a microwave is bad!!
hotel california
moonlight sonata 
i'll be in the sky!
i wanna go to a boarding school  sad 
gonna be fun  laugh 
hole   lee   shitaki   
feels good talkin to people i havent talked to in a long time 
you got a problem? take it up with my butt cuz hes the only one that gives a crap 
air conditioner isnt working    wtf
really great day  smile 
tch cain got lucky <propmale> was off his game  
is hopeful
what do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch? names! *throws confetti*
forty f*ckin fort nights!
i hate facebook! soooo laggy
time for poker
lol college humor is the greatest
"starting to pack for the move, talk to you all later"
lol dude got wrecked by security at casino  highlight of my night    smile 
"not goin to the 12 o clock <propmale> potter thing, dumb moms a party pooper"
happy thanksgiving!
earth angel smile 
"change\ your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal: to \not see a human face on fb 'til monday, dec 6th    and to be flooded \with fond memories  join the fight against child abuse! copy & paste\ to your status and invite your friends to do the same "
\it’s like i’m her new nightmare, she ain't escaping\5c8f3216a77f09097c45aac50b00899a,"pulled my groin today at school, not fun   "
the movies    best   place   ever   
just got my new laptop hooked up  smile  woot woot
about ti get my black ops on  smile  get ready to rage quit
just played plants vs zombies   epic
"type your name: anthony\type your name with your elbow: angtholnyu\type your name with your nose: antyhony\now with your eyes closed: anthony\post as your status but don't erase mistakes"
gots me a pimped out wallet
aww yeah eagles number 1 in their division wassup baby!!!!!!
gloomy = win
why do people try to piss me off    
blah   one more stop to go
might go snowboarding! omfg!!1!!11!!!!1!11!
good stuff   very good stuff :  
"nobody knows the trouble i've seen, nobody knows my sorrow"
apparently the zodiac changed   cuz of an earthquake   hmm   well guess i'm a sagittarius now
hope green bay gets destroyed   
monkey!
oh i beleive in yesterday   
lol had fun haha pretty nice party thing  strobe lights make me crazy  smile 
playin some ncaa
over reactions make life interesting
"if i were president i get elected on friday, assassinated on saturday, buried on sunday "
pluracy blows!
"oh boi   whyd it have to happen, unavoidable i guess, but still wtf, guess ill see what happens"
lmao nathaniels was funny today
battle la was effin awesome!!!! <propmale> wouldnt shut up the whole time though haha
holy shit shogun vs jones is gonna be epic!
"made a myspace, that i have no friends on   haha lame"
finally the weekend
doo <propfirst> doo
i love ufc ring girls  smile 
seriously why play the game if your just gonna hack
you want a wamburger????
night bitches
legs broken  annoyed 
fucking sunburns 
"coming for you, ready or not\nothing's gonna stop my sword \from swinging through anyone\between me and you"
surprisingly well   
people are stupid
your a fucking idiot 
fml 
theres a sun flower seed in my tea    wtf
