04b83777561640cbd7e4a3a21b32288c
"partypartyparty good times, good year "
i just wanna see my boyfraaaaan u u
"new <propfemale> itself wasn't all that great, but the acting was better than it was in twilight  <propmale> black yuuumm "
lovin this taboule
wonderful! my new phone from metro can communicate with everyone but my boyfriend 
it's cold again  laugh 
god you play farmville too? x x
"stop talk talk talking that blah, blah, blah"
"i know what's right for me, and from now on ill kick the person in the balls who tells me  im wrong "
in the holiday spirit  smile 
"ok, who made my dad a facebook?"
saw nightmare on elm street  preeeetty good  sat's tomorrow though  annoyed 
"sat's were pretty easy  juss chillin with my babyboo, bout to go to the mall cuz at least it'll be cooler there than his house  playful  white power "
watching bones    wishing for some rain    x x
speaking portion of my spanish exam today  i'm screwed 
"<propfirst>'s car is a <propfemale> trooper, yet he's never seen <propfemale>wars  so sad :["
"the only reason i should go to school is for the oral part of the spanish exam and to make up a spanish test  but really, i can do all that tomorrow  today i should definitely work on and finish these exam reviews  i hope i can stay home x x"
thank god theres only 2 days left    i dont wanna be here anymore 
"so tired    really not wanting to go to school  i wanna be with my baaaaby :[[ two more days, then two days of exams  ohhh the torture "
   bazinga 
today is my last class day in high school    and i'm not even there yet  lmao  exams tomorrow & friday  ohhh well 
"food fight today! fuckin awesome  senior class of '10 dont go out with no bang, dawg  and i saw a real cat chasing a real mouse  great day "
does anyone have a spare graphinc calculator i could use? x x
"one more day of exams    x x pshycology 2, economics, web design 3, aaaaand one for my <propfemale> class  should be easy as hell  lets hops so, cuz them spanish & algebra examz was tuff today "
"laaaast day of exams, then i'll be free  friggen sweet   smile "
"rain, rain don't go awaaaay"
"i don't mind you under my skin, i'll let the bad parts in, the bad parts in "
bloo hairz
tomorrowwwww  gonna be fuuuun 
"you can have it all, my empire of dirt"
"e'rybody get up, it's time to slam now, we gotta real jam goin down, welcome to the space jam "
senior day blew 
it's about to storm  smile  summer timeeee and the livin's easy
"ugh    ac is broken at moms, and i have to clean in this hotbox just in case the air is fixed in time for my grandma to come & stay for my graduation "
transmission is currently sucking real bad :[
the old ladies are gone finally! onward with life 
wooo thunder!
"doctor, doctor, i've got an emergency  it seems i'm head over heels, in a case of l-o-v-e! it's like i'm glowing inside, yeah, a light i can't hide, and if this feeling is bad then i don't wanna be right "
anyone know where to buy a boston cream pie?
to whom it may concern: i found a boston cream pie  lol  too bad fathers day plans might be ruined due to a certain soon-to-be brother-in-law bein a deck   
i hate painting    but i can't wait for this room to be done 
"i puprchased the paint from hell  one more coat makes five, and i hope to god it will be enough  x x"
"i had a great time at the gay pride parade, even though we missed most of the official parade  not like there weren't enough rainbow boys and drag queens parading around all on their own  playful "
"i wish someone would mix the original \pure imagination\"" by <propfirst> wilder with some crazy awesome trance  it might just become my favorite song """
"my <propfirst> is a swimming pool  thank you, endless rain "
just a little more painting left and i'm <propfemale>! sooo close  this house is finally coming along  now time for the downstairs lol  any suggestions?
"i wanna dooo something    but alas, i am flat broke  x x"
"i can't wait to get a ride to north <propfemale>, cuz it makes sense to go to north <propfemale>  if asheville is ready then lets go to north <propfemale>, cuz it makes sense to go to north <propfemale>   wink "
i  love  chatroulette
i  love  <propfirst> brand
he knows the simplest ways to make me happy  smile 
can't sleep again :[
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except for a punch in the face, but we can still raise awareness!!! i know quite a few "
someone should get me a pair of combat boots for my birthday  smile  august 1st!
"screw the combat boots, i want money for my birthday for a road trip to north <propfemale>! walmart gift cards are nice because you can use them for gasss     wink "
"<propmale> just walked in on my dog humping his bear in the kitchen    and apparently my dog is ashamed, because he stopped as soon as he saw <propmale> and walked back into the living room   laugh "
hoping for a road trip
how many times in my life will i drive up to my dads house to find cop car(s) parked in front of my neighbors house? gettin a liiiittle old 
i hope i can find my mp3 player x x
hcc wtfff
hcc okay s'all good  smile 
i wish i had cool hair d:
"933 was just playing some awesome gnr and aerosmith remixes  still, nothing beats  remix of the unforgiven i heard on scratch n sniff a few months ago "
ackkk i can't wait for dad to get home so i can compile all of my monies together and see how much i have ready for north carolinaaa  i wanna go so baaad!
"i miss my teeth  i wish my braces were coming off soon, but it's not even close  getting my baby teeth pulled & the adult teeth that are still stuck in my gums e playful osed on thursday  just a few days before my birthday :["
"got a lot off my chest last night, and i'm so in love with <propmale> cox   love "
we has three quarters of the money for north <propfemale> put together  smile 
"is now considered a full time student at hcc  classes monday-thurs, none before 11 am  suh-weet "
anyone have an old verizon phone i could use for a few months or buy for a cheap price?
so excited for this road trip! i know i'm totally over-planning everything lol 
i just had the best day ever  now time to get some sleep for some oral surgery tomorrow!  laugh 
i hate that vicodin makes me feel great for an hour and then makes me feel sick to my stomach 
someone    bake me some cookies  or some brownies  anything sweet!
"oh man, nc is so close! leaving around 1 am monday  there's still so much left to do it's insane! i'm just glad my mouth isn't killing me like i e playful ected it to after the e playful osure of my teeths  that means i'll probably be able to drive a lot more comfortably for ten hours    x x"
makin ringtones  smile  19 in 30 mins 
thank you guyz  laugh dd
"i wish you could post an actual song as your status   \the best thing about life is knowing you put it together "
y'alls is so cuuute thanks for all the happy birthdays  smile 
loving north <propfemale> and everyone in this beautiful place  smile 
nc > fl
i miss the mountains & all the great people located there already  heart-broken 
<propfirst> pilgrim tonight!
<propfirst> pilgrim is the movie of our generation! you'll know what i mean when you see it  epic 
"who thinks i should get my hair cut & styled short? not like an inch long, but like midway between ear & shoulder  so tired of not being able to make my hair look like i actually put any time into it "
starting college on tuesday  surprise 
"i was signed up for four classes and paid for them all on time, but for some reason when i go to my class schedule on hawknet, it says i only have two classes  is this happening to anybody else?"
i think i'm really gonna like this college thang   smile 
"as long as it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's an orgy  @-@"
hanging out with sunshine tomorrow [:[
one year & six months with my baby  smile  oboi do i love him  love 
gettin shiz dooone  yeaaaa boi! now i just need to go to the halloween store and make sure they're still planning on hiring me wtf 
i'm gonna tongue-punch your moms fart box then read a book 
anyone seen machete yet? was it good?
i'm thinkinggggg    halloween party?  laugh 
"listen baby! ain't no mountain high, ain't no valley low, ain't no river wide enough baby - if you need me, call me, no matter where you are, no matter how far - don't worry baby - just call my name, i'll be there in a hurry, you don't have to worry cuz baby there aint no mountain hiiiigh enough, aint no valley loooow enough, aint no river wiiide enough, to keep me from gettin to you, babe   smile "
i know what i'ma be for halloweeeeeen! i love this time of year sooo much 
saw resident evil in imax 3d last night  booooy was it great!
"starting at the halloween store friday  10 hours a day friday, saturday and sunday  looking forward to this new store  love "
ready for my wakeup swim  smile 
so tired    don't know how i'm gonna make it through two 3-hour classes today 
party with just my baby tonight woohooooooo
getting ready for work  smile  we're open til 9 on a sunday wtf  y'all should come in and try on costumes to give me something to do 
anyone have a bike they don't want?
mmmmm new music on my mp3
needs a better job than this part-time halloween store crap 
"cleaning and re-organizing everything at my dads house again  not trying to be conceited or anything, but damn is he lucky to have me as a daughter "
tortoise hole under the house? greaaaat 
"its friday, im in north <propfemale>, the weather is absolutely wonderful and my boyfriends mom is getting married in 4 hours "
"home  daaaaamn what a long trip to take for 4 days, but it was so worth it  congratulations <propfemale> cox & jr albers, orrrr should i say mr  and mrs  albers!  love "
orthodontist & library  don't i feel like a nerd 
ahhhh work from 12-8 today and tomorrow  im gonna die of boredom x x
"ive decided this is my last year working at a halloween store  these past 4 years have made me miss out on so much halloween fun, like halloween horror nights, film festivals, and guavaween because they all occur during our busiest times, and im sick of missing out on my favorite time of the year "
somebody should totally go as <propfirst> gaga for halloween  and send me pix 
ughhhhhhhh 6 hours worth of learning starting in 3 hours 
"say you'll never die, you'll always haunt me "
mmmmm it's gonna be so cool this weekend  smile  temperature wise lol  i have to work  not cool 
workin on my paper for psych  i sound like i really know what i'm talking about!
hahaha! finished my paper at 996 words  i owneddd that shiz!  smile 
"and you can run, oh your little mouth all day, but the hand of god just smacked you back into yesterday "
ah love me some scare tactics and red duct tape  playful 
"was just reminded    halloween party is on for the saturday after halloween   smile  ladies and gents, get your costumes!"
wow    eaaaarly start on the christmas shopping 
<propmale>'s gonna be working with me for a few days at the halloween store because three people quit today lol  i'm so excited  smile 
wow  four people have quit halloween megastore within two days  my manager is such a douchebag  anyone need a job for about a week? he's desperate 
"party this saturday (week after halloween)  starts at 9 surprise 0 pm  message me for the address and wear your costumes! there will be music, food, and dancing amongst other things  wink "
party this saturday at 9  smile  lemme know if you wanna come!
lol @ male shake weight commercials 
"party tomorrow night  starts at 9, wear your costumes! and message me for directions  playful "
does anyone know where to buy dry ice? party tonight message for detailsss
"good party  smile  think i caught a cold though  i've been sneezing non-stop for two days straight, and my nose is hurtin  thank  you <propmale> valyn for helping me set up, and thank you <propmale> cox for being the sexiest betelgeuse in all the land  smile "
i really do not feel like going to class today  :[
it's so cooooooooooold
"i have a paper due tomorrow, and a test in the same class  haven't started studying, havent started the paper, but for some reason, i feel no stress whatsoever "
yeaaaah now i'm feeling the stress from this paper and the upcoming test  playful 
i hate introductions and conclusions 
scared for this test today  :[
thoroughly creeped out  one of the flourescent bulbs in the laundry room just crashed to the floor for no reason  kind of reminds me of the time the <propfemale> vase fell off the mantle and broke after being in the same place for years and the plate falling off the counter that had been up there for a good hour 
what should i do tonight? other than see <propmale> potter 
i'm gonna punch this kid if he doesn't get out of bed now 
i'll only call you an asshole if you're acting like one 
off to the flea market with my <propfemale>  smile 
"dang  i've pretty much found everyone their christmas presents  i wish i could give them all more, though  'cept for my dad  his present's good enough "
procrastinating    gotta do these notes    blah   
"do you think bread pudding would be better fresh out of the oven, or the day after you make it?"
"switiching to metro in february  what do you guys have to say about the lg imprint, the samsung freeform, and the samsung freeform ii?"
"skyline: awesome movie, since it was made up of other awesome alien movies  war of the worlds, independence day, district 9    i'm pretty sure there were a few more "
"mmm just made sweet potato souffle, gonna go shopping with <propmale> valyn and <propfemale> pasman, then come back and make the bread pudding  smile "
"i pretty much have the main parts of people's christmas presents together  of course i'll keep shopping until i'm broke, though, because it never seems like enough "
great thanksgiving so far and we're not even close to chow time!  smile  happy turkey day everyone 
"one love that has possessed me, one lovethrilling me through  one song, my heart keeps singing, of one love, only for you  watching snow white  smile  happy t-day guyz "
sick  thank you <propmale> schulte 
i love my baby  he medicated me and cleared the acorns from my barefoot path  smile 
aaaaaarg school today    it brings joy to my heart that next weeks classes end this semester  no more 3 hour classes starting at 7 pm for me!  laugh 
going back through my photobucket is making me sad but i can't help it!
it's so beautiful out  smile  i can't wait to go to the craft fair with my mom and sister tomorrow!
it's been so long since i last saw the lord of the rings   love 
it is so cold  i don't think i've ever had to bundle up like this to walk out of the house at 12 smile 0 pm  not excited to leave after my final in psych today around 7:45 
totally owned those exams 
this weather is perfect for my new uggs    too bad the only pants i can wear with them are sweats because any other pants just aren't warm enough  annoyed 
got a b in early american history  smile 
cleaning day :'d
"according to my facebook horoscope, hanging out with <propmale> today may not be such a good idea  but i wanna  never really believed my fb horoscope anyways   playful "
"i'm missing myspace    like, back in 9th grade when making your own layout to reflect your personality was cool  and it was easy to understand "
"sooo    there was a small tank in my neighborhood yesterday  dunno who it belongs to, but i'm jealous "
anything interesting going on tonight?
anyone know what the binary code on jp's office doors from grandmas boy say?
makin cheeseburger and bacon cheeseburger pies tonight to take to <propmale> valyn 's christmas party 
"cuz she's <propfemale> hiiiiiiigh, high above me, she's so lovely  she's so hiiiiiiigh, like <propfemale>, <propfirst> of arc or aphrodite     playful "
lg banter touch  any opinions?
just ordered my new phone from metro  smile  soon i'll have a new number for all of you to save 
help me figure out what i should ask my dad for christmas  i have no clue 
anyone gotta guitar they don't want?
whaaaaat getting paid to wrap presents? im down 
everyone's an orphan in zombieland 
does waffle house sell gift certificates?
"i tried scrunching my hair and it looks the exact same  i hate having long, pin straight hair "
enjoying my new tea set  smile 
it's new years <propfemale>! i'm so exciteddd  smile 
life is great  smile  except for gas prices 
"walkin the mile, walkin the mile, walkin the greeen mile, walin the mile "
"intro to anthropology teacher reminds me of <propmale> malfoy, if <propmale> was a hippy  awesome "
totally not looking forward to my public speaking class 
is there anything remotely interesting going on in tampa today?
just gave my cat a bath  ouch 
i hate having creepy dreams 
time for everyone to re-apply for fafsa!
spending my friday night babysitting 
"i'm feeling so nostalgic, and really missing how i used to talk to and be friends with everyone "
class daaaaaaaaaaaay then more babysitting  yay  > >
"puppy chow, grown puppies, and parties  sounds like its gonna be a fun day with my boo <propmale> cox and my best friend <propmale> valyn  smile "
"come on let me hold you, touch you, feel you, always; kiss you, taste you, all night, always"
tired of driving a minivan  especially a bright blue minivan  especially a bright blue minivan that eats up gas  especially a bright blue minivan that eats up gas and flickering headlights 
mmmm strawberries and cream oatmeal 
i love it when people close to me prove that they still can't be trusted after so many years  such a wonderful feeling 
dali museum tonight  smile 
mmmm public speaking today  i thought i was gonna hate this class    but it's turning out to be my favorite  'cept for the speech giving part 
any free events going on today tonight in the tampa bay area?
you're a voice that never sings 
