e29733114ebcc6d3f411763349f9891b
im babysitting      i hate babysitting
i hate summer school
i had 2 subs today!
im goin to my lake house for the weekend
im grilling burgers with the radio loud  so much fun  smile 
i just gave my puppy a bath in a lake  it was her first bath 
sooooooooooo tired
im getting a haircut
i hate studying
my grandpas in the hospital  sad 
im leaving for a week on sunday
im leaving for a camp tommorow  smile 
what field r tryouts on tomorrow?
tryouts are so tiring!
tryouts are postponed til 3  sad 
i had an amp for the first time!!!
my grandpas in the hospital again  sad 
"1  english-clyne\2 geometry-shinkan\3 pe-davis\a lunch\study hall\4  spanish ii-dettlo\5 modern world history- szafasz\6  biology- gutierrez\any classes?"
goodnite summer  good morning munster high
bus           
2nd period  sucks!!!!
history is soooooo boring!!!!
i just had my first high school nap
sox game!!!!!!!!!
i climbed over the cage in the boys locker room  the principals showed up to open it  i didnt get in trouble  playful 
was hangin with a friend from camp
is there football on saturday this week?
goin to kick some kv ass
lost 20-23  better than last week  will be better next week
today i made someone (whom i will not name) laugh so hard they snorted and cried
ok so monday i lost my first id  i bought one for $5  i got it later and there was an atlhletic pass on it       i didnt pay for an athletic pass  i got another one today  i didnt pay for a third  lol
goin to my lake house  smile 
is super tired
friday has finally has come!!!!!!!!!
is working
everytime she askes me do i look ok  i say when i see your face  theres not a thing i would change  cuz your amazing just the way you are
we lost 20-14  sad 
guess who's wide awake?
fire drill
tied 20-20
goin campin this weekend  bye ppls
potatoe creek!
cold!!!!!!
hmwk
homework sux  sad 
i had an amazing day today
starting proofs in geometry  crying 
no school tommorow  i have an infection
i cant play in tommorows game either  sad 
homecoming  laugh 
amazing day!
there was a car crash in front of the high school!
what is your spirit animal? -- my result: wolf  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 488840 referrals status?aid=100001233849354
we lost 0-16  but i had a good game
is working
whats a good movie?
14 5 pounds of candt
i woke up at 6 am today and got ready for school  as i was walking out the door i realized i didnt have school   sad 
i just cant stop thinking of her  smile 
grounded  sad  dont txt me
cell project is finished!
i just say a coyote walk thru my street
well time for bed
q & a?
"q: wats up\a: hmwk  annoyed "
going to colorado today!
i can finally see the rockys!
just finished snowboarding down the rockys  laugh  awesome day
it is currently -1° in colorado
i love colorado
on my way home  annoyed 
is back in munster
happy hanukkah to all my jewish friends out there
had to take the garbage out in shorts and a tshirt
ok i logged onto facebook and 5 ppl r now in relationships
# game
"#40 umm i dont know you <propmale> that well, ur my friends older brothers gf  and ur in my spanish class"
666 walking <propmale>! i met you this year and i think your nice and funny 
902743023470237 i dont really talk to you all that often  but u seem like a nice person and we should <propfemale> out more
28  i dont know much about you at all  i know ur name  thats about it                
69 i dont know you all that much  and ur my gym class hockey team capitan!
123456789 u have been one of my longest friends  iv known you forever  we should <propfemale> out soon
929 workout <propmale>  how did u get to centinial  oh well  we should <propfemale> out sometime
tgif
"2561546215 i havent talked to you in awhile  u \stalked\"" me bak to my house after we <propfemale> out (which pissed me off)  and im taller than u now so ha"""
123456789 (again) i like how u have a twin  and i like how much fun we had in <propmale> over the summer  one of the best classes iv had
6 more hours!
comin home tomorrow
goodbye sunshine state  hello <propfemale> city of chicago
slap happy = fun
oh crap  i just realized i have school tommorow
"my 10 year old sister just walked into the room and said \i'm gonna kill <propfirst> bieber\"""""
wrong! not the anthem!
y did i wake up 5 minutes before my alarm goes off???????
so     my english teacher is a communist
holy shit! its friday!
have u ever had a moment when u found a scar and you have no idea where it came from         
"dear weather,\make up ur damn mind\sincerly <propfirst>"
just got back from old country buffet  gained 3 pounds
goodbye munster hello bahamas!
cruise was amazing  i met so many celebrity look alikes haha  laugh 
who is at the boardwalk in disney?
fuuck  last day in florida and its snowing at home  sad 
holy shit! i start drivers <propmale> tomorrow
