41328121e541bbe5d0ba9d287a0be65c
"if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory with you and me! it can be anything, either good or bad! when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what ppl remember about you  post a"
"inventory!  bleeaaachhh!  oh well, someone has to do it   "
"4th place in group and 3rd in showmanship   way to go, <propmale>   a little more paperwork and then back to the fair "
had a great weekend   got to visit with a lot of fun people that i don't get to see that often   hope everyone else had a great time as well 
fun weekend in reno   sheel's and cabela's   my son killed me in the nascar simulator   it might be a little longer than we all thought before he gets his license   hehe
hey fb friends     leave a one word comment that you think describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting  surprise ) please keep it going   
i am thankful for all of you!  every one on my list is on there for a reason   thank you for letting me share in your lives and taking part in mine 
i am thankful today for aunts that aren't crazy 
"i am thankful that my kids have chores and do them   it's nice that they have learned to pitch in, even if i have to remind them once in a while "
"i am thankful for a husband that cooks   nothing better then getting home from a long day, and having someone else cook a wonderful meal   now we are gonna work on washing dishes, <propfemale> "
i am thankful for twisted co-workers   they make the day so much more fun 
"i am thankful for my coat   it's been freakin' cold around here   (heating is nice, too  ; d)"
"i am thankful for the time off that i am going to take, so that i can make turkey dinner for some friends and family "
"been trying to type this for 2 days, but i was frozen   i used to laugh at the idea of battery operated socks, now i want a pair   i would tell you all to stay cool, but that would seem a little  unnecessary "
are you kidding me?  yesterday while trying to get to work i end up wearing a cup of coffee   today i was trying to find a key for <propmale> and ended up dropping the keys in my cup of coffee which was strategically placed between my legs so that it didn't spill   i think i should swear off coffee   any suggestions?
yeahhh     vacation time   i have a list a mile long 
we wish you a <propfemale>??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•?? christmas??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ? ? ?we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??   and a happy new year!??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??              copy and paste~keep the wave going 
yellow!
"i love it   i make a comment   completely forget that i made a comment then get an email about someone else making a comment too, but by then i have no idea where that came from     gotta love the blonde days!"
"ladies, your red, black ,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, poka dotted, and clear bra colors made the channel 4 news tonight and msnbc  facebook doesn't know who started it going but the <propfemale> b kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer  way to go! post this on your wall if you participated "
i'm changing my name to sunshine   it makes me feel good   ?
i loved a goat in a hole because that's how i roll   ?
"i saw on the internet that haiti is without a government  to help out, i am donating one obama, one pelosi, one <propmale>, one <propfirst>, one coakley and two clintons! they may keep them permanently! i'd give them a constitution; but i can't find mine right now! ~~~ status borrowed from a friend      keep it going"
"if you & i woke up in jail together    using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair"
"as soon as i walk into my bedroom, on the floor "
"put? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ?  smile   (great idea, <propfirst>)"
andretta isn't defined yet   (story of my life  )  check your name at urbandictionary com
"thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes   i had a wonderful day "
??¸ •*¨*•?put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter(s) ? in the ? world?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• 
"life is too short to wake  up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  pray for the  ones who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a  second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it   nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth  it  post to your wall if you agree   (well said, <propfemale>)"
let's go already   i've ordered some north wind and cancelled the rain   let's get this rice planted 
"if i came with a warning label, what would it say? (copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get)"
"the silver dollar fair, apparently, needs no new supporters   no need to try    they will not except any new bidders on the day of the auction   even if you want to support these kids, you will not be allowed    kind of a crock of uknowwhat if ya ask me   *****anyway, good luck to all of our kids that are selling today *****"
up all night with a sick kid   the bigger they are the harder they fall   poor kid is just miserable   hope he feels better soon 
to quote a great man     pi r squared     pie aren't squared     pie r round     cake r square 
big thank you to the wilkersons for their hospitality   what a nice evening   we all had a great time 
give it to the chickens 
power is out wth
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, when your house is a mess, about your past or if your family is filled with crazies    they love you for who you are! a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  repost if you are blessed with at least one true friend  they will know who they are! i love you all!!"
calm night   sounds like every one is ok   hope every one has a wonderful week 
"so i thought about it after the fact    i should have taken a picture of the snake i caught in the office yesterday   it was at least 8 feet long   oh, yeah   there is a camera on my phone   "
my heart goes out to <propfirst>'s family 
so i just finished cleaning out the fridge   my only real mystery is ho does that much dust get it there   the kids must hold the door open forever trying to decide on afterschool snacks 
pray for obama  psalm 109:8
1976 stingray!?!
"15 years ago today, my life was changed forever   happy birthday, <propmale>   love you "
ally made <propmale>'s b-day cake 
"they say true friends can go long periods of \time without speaking and never question friendship  these friends just \pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has \been or how far away they live and don't hold grudges  they understand \that life is busy   but   that you will   aways love them  re-post if \      you have at least one friend like this  i am privileged to say i dosee more"
beans!
peanut butter pie 
"go to my pictures, tag the ribbon picture with your name  go to your pictures, click on the ribbon and make it your profile picture  simple easy process to show your support for pink october     we all know what you look like and love you anyway ;? --- how about showing your support  smile "
weather is cooperating a little better   hope the rice is too     i'm pullin' for you fellas 
"i come here occasionaly to see what others post, and sometimes i comment especially if the need a lift in spirit   know that you all are in my prayers, and for those that don't see me daily or don't know exactly what is going on with me      aaaaaahhhhhh    thanks, i needed that "
"lost connections are made here   dearest friends are found over hundreds of <propmale>   know that i don't get to speak to all of you often, but you all have made a difference in my life   you are all special "
post this on your wall and see what people love about you: i love your ________?
life is good   for me   hoping all is well in the world with all of you 
just made bread   my favorite thing to do on a rainy day 
ally was hoping i messed up   she wanted bread pudding 
"puppies, kittens, kids and wow i'm toast "
gotta hit the hay   i am gettin' too old for this   night all 
kitchen aid is my best friend   breadsticks are in the making 
kitchen aid is my best friend   breadsticks are in the making
i am sooo sick of being sick   enough already 
"feeling a little better, although i had to miss my nap today   smile "
"first the pump goes out, now i have water and the dishwasher takes a dive   i'm afraid to ask, what's next "
"to whom it may concern: if it doesn't concern you don't be concerned, it is not your concern  thank you   (thanks, <propmale> )"
warning!!!!!!     don't use the christmas tree app  it will crash your computer  geek squad says it's one of the worst trojan viruses there is and it is spreading quickly  re-post and let your friends know!!
new dishwasher is a success thanks to my hubby   don't have to brave the holiday while standing at the sink   running all of my holiday wares through in preparation of our festivities   hope everyone has a wonderful thanksgiving 
if i worked half this hard at work they would give me 10 times the pay   i haven't stopped all day   hope i can get up and go tomorrow 
i am whooped   vaca is so nice   i could really get used to this 
a little slow on the draw today   i'll get it    i hope!  ;0)
grandma's birthday   taking her to dinner 
"night, all   can't <propfemale> with the big dogs "
10 minutes     just 10 minutes of quiet   please?  not that bad   i'm embellishing a bit   (maybe)hehe
"i got breakfast in bed   thank you, <propfemale>   i'm pretty sure i didn't deserve it, but i'm glad he thought so "
"i don't want vaca to end   i know there is another around the corner, but    you know "
"wondering how <propfemale> is doing   hoping bentley is not being too stuborn   happy birthday, little guy "
i don't know what all of you people are hyped up about   it's just christmas   the real holiday is the day after when my baby turns double digits   now there's a holiday   but if you all insist then i'll say it     <propfemale> christmas   hope you have a jolly good time 
ally got an une playful ected christmas present she would like to return     the flu 
"if you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame "
"lord, keep your arm around my shoulder and your hand over my mouth "
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates     1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, and 11 11 11      now go figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it will equal to 111    "
"copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have ever heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, please post anyway to spread this important message  oh, and the hearts, for craps sake, don't forget the hearts ??"
"ok, i have been waiting to tell everyone, so, here it goes  we are e playful ecting!!  smile  i know, i know, it's crazy isn't it? i can't believe it myself  i wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official  i mean who would have guessed? yup it's official  we are e playful ecting *sunshine* today !!!! *feel free to re-post if you have any sense of humor  lmao"
showin' support for <propmale> on wipeout 
noooooo!
<propfemale> heavenwhip
"so far it has been a great day   how could it not be with all these wonderful wishes?  if you all are having half the day i am then your doing pretty good   thank you all for adding to my already great day   by the way the all american chocolate cake is to die for   it didn't last long enough to take a picture   thanks, <propfemale> and <propmale> "
"i would like all of my fb friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions "
"so    ally bit down on a coffee <propfemale> and when she tried to open her mouth it had stuck to her upper and lower teeth   the <propfemale> wins, it sucked her molar right out   i would like to appologize again to dr  bowling for the after hours call, but i feel better now "
i guess it's nice that a 19 year old boy goes to visit his grandmother   i'm not quite sure at what point you should actually file a missing persons on him 
are you kidding?
"nuff said!  i think i will stick my nose back into my own business where it belongs now   life is much better when i can avoid the demons of the underworld, even when they are pretending to be normal caring people   i know better   just wish i could save the world from them   not every one can see it   you are just gonna have to learn for yourself   i promise i won't tell you \i told you so \"""""
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think!!!!"
for anyone with more than 2kids    i commend you   if you can keep up with them     i idolize you 
"class of '91    i think i have added everyone on my friends list   we are set for august 13, 2011@feather falls   if i didn't add you, please let me know (or anyone in the class know) if you plan on attending our reunion   <propmale> and i would love to see everyone   if you know of anyone who should be included, please get us contact info on them so they can be included "
great dual   ally pinned both of them   i love it   wish i could have seen it in person 
gladiators rock today   lots of great matches   proud of ally   she won 3 out of 4   it has been a long day 
yyyaaaayyy   power   look out laundry 
hoping tonight is calmer   i could use the rest 
"poor, baby   off to see the dr "
"sincerely   thank you, <propmale>   we're with you "
"i love my aunt <propfemale> more than words can e playful ress   she won't read this, but i truely believe she is my best friend   i hope everyone has someone like this in their lives "
that's it   i want hazard pay 
checked on the weather and it's looking promissing   hope the ground is drying out everywhere like it is here   let's plant some rice 
just turned in my ballot   2 day work weeks and 5 day weekends   don't i wish 
