b7cdcd9e8e989fc7ef07db3492080e42
gah    procrastination sucks ass
needs to pay off his sleep debt 
wtf!?!?!?!
teeth hurt  annoyed 
homework  annoyed 
<propfemale> christmas!!
is an asshole and fails at life 
can't sleep 
thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday!!  smile 
congrats to bhs band for receiving a unanimous superior at the cmea festival!
had a great time at the saxophone party!
congrats to the class of 2010!
is going to ecuador!!
i hate it when things are left unresolved  it just kills me 
leaving san <propfirst> today  i'll miss everyone here!
"having an amazing time in quito, ecuador! will post photos and videos soon "
"i was on the middle of the world today with josé espinosa, <propfemale> kaufman, <propfirst> giallo, <propfemale> shaffer, and <propfemale> bobar "
"excited for my assignment in ecuador! i will work in otavalo with an organization called jambi huasi, which helps the indigenous community gain rights and fair access in the public health sector  i'm definitely looking forward to this e playful erience "
happy halloween to my friends in the states!
"enjoying my new community and family in la calera, a village near otavalo  one of the cool things i have there is a guinea pig farm!"
ate a guinea pig yesterday - taking that off the checklist 
"rain, rain, go away  come again some other day "
watched <propmale> potter 7 in español!
life is good 
i have amebas in my stomach     joder  annoyed 
<propfemale> christmas!! i miss everyone back home  i love you all and i hope that everyone is enjoying this day with family and friends!!
¡feliz año nuevo! i hope everyone is enjoying the end of the year and looking forward to the next one!
had a skype chat with my dad in spanish for the first time  that was cool!
going to the amazon for a week - i´m feeling super stoked!
"tried some indigenous medicine today, limpia con cuy definitely works "
worried about my friends and family in japan  there's been no way for my family and i to get a hold of them  sad 
