cf91d6c8f3410c1267cfc50613ef64ed
y do ppl have too b so confusing? n life is full of hard choices   
"o' <propmale>, <propmale>, wherefore <propmale>  thou <propmale>?  the balcony scene was a lil   ummm weird if you were there to see it   lol"
hmm whts on my mind   ? the real question should b whts not on my mind    
some one needs to get online!!!!!!!!!!!   plz
you never know what you got untill it's gone   
boredom strikes hard    but bruises strike even harder!
"its finally morning!!!!!, but     it will soon fall afternoon, then night   "
wow!!! i just got bck frm my very 1st mud ride!!!! it was cold   n    muddy!!!
"it takes a <propfemale> to friend someone, a hour to like someone, a day to love someone     but forever to forget the one you so loved    "
"super bored, missing my ppls     except vic   i'll just see you in our dorm   "
"wow today was like <propfemale> weird, but it was fun enough   i guess"
"lots o' fun, yet its hard work also      perfect"
i did something i thought i'd never do   and now it's a routine
i did omething tht i never thought i would do    now it's part of a daily routine     
"it seems like the summer is flying us by     n i've had very lil sleep for it to fly by soooo quickly, must be ub"
you know its really hard to stay awake on 2 n half hours of sleep    
hmmm there is absolutly nothing to do     
is taking a turn towards the new    
"have you ever wanted to tlk to some1 reallly bad,but something tells you its best not to?    yea well im havin one of those moments      sad "
"is over the weird flow of emotions!      thnx for all the supporting ppls!!!!! ( <propfemale>, vic, and sydni    and brandon    n i guess t j       probably not t j )"
night you ppls
"wow we listened to a bunch of deppresing songs!!!!! now im a lil sad, but i guess ill get over it      lol love my friends! n goodnight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
im soooooo       im sooooo     im not sure exactly
you know   i absolutly hate when ppl tell you wht you should r shouldnt do   some ppl would be a whole lot better offf if they just keep to their own personal life then dabbling in other's afffairs     
soooo sad bout 2morow
so boring just sitting at home
i just got a fortune cookie      it said that i would rule the world!!!!! ne1 in favor? say i     if not    well then i know where you live!!!!!! lol
you know   you could have all the luxeries in the world    but if you take away a simple thing tht you never noticed before    then all the luxeries dont mean a thing    
good night ppl     dont die in your sleep!!!!!lol
a new morning filled with old memories    a perfectly deppresing day? or a simply georgeous day? ? ? ? ? ? the world will never know   
running in circles unsure of wht to do     
have you every woke up n realized you had only been asleep for a few <propfemale> ?
"it seems like all this is a dream     one <propfemale>  i'm having fun, the next, i can only remember the fun     "
"i see, i see say the blind man to the deaf women      "
my goal is to b off facebook by 11 surprise 0         a m 
"wow, very lil bothering from the brother     i could get used to this!!!!  smile "
"for all the ppl trying to contact me for coach shedd      i now have his number, thnxz though   smile "
"its the end of the world as we know it, n i feel fine!!!!!!"
" love      just waiting here, im not sure why though     love "
"pencil, and paper      the first n not so great way to tlk, but i'll give it a try    love "
he's just another chapter in the book of life    tht you can't help but reread   
counting down the days!!!!!
looking at all the endless options    love 
nothing to do but sit back and relax     love  ing it!
"i love thanksgiving! i mean all the food, football, endless stupid jokes from step-dad    and of course the best part   fighting with your siblings knowing all too well that your parents aren't paying enough attention to get on to you!!!! happy turkey day every1!!"
a week away is all a may need to get back my reg  self    
so happy   i made a wreath from the <propmale> you wrap around the tree   n it doesnt look bad!
"do you think ppl who literally annoy each other so bad can really be friendds     *cough, cough* my brother?"
is it sad tht im sick of the computer? ugh i need sumthing to occupy my time   
