241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0
"well, after all the sleep i got last night, i should be more then ready for work tonight  hope everyone had a nice time at the guild house "
"omg, the 21st is gonna be a fun day for me  anit nothing like having a party for a person coming back from iraq          "
"damn, so wanna stay home tomorrow, but i also wanna get out the house      should i even test my luck "
"btw, whatever weatherman is playing with him computer to give me and the crew false hope of much needed rain, i have something for you          steel toe nut check!"
"bring it games of facebook, i need more additions to my hidden list!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"!@#$%^&*(), just got done smashing my knuckle into a wall moving a table        at least it's not looking to bad off at the moment "
"damn, i feel like a rock slide hit me       oh wait, that was <propfirst> and chip "
"list of thing to do    \1  get someone to take afew darn pictures of me(for some reason, i haven't been photographed well in almost 4 years)\2  buy beer for saturday\3  put money aside for the\radiator replacement fund\"""""
ever have one of those moments where you just don't feel like doing anything but having a beer and forgetting the day 
"ok, let's see how much work tries to kill me today       hopefully they got rid of more mulch early so that i can get some carts pushed up "
"well, after reviewing my list from the other day     i've got 3 out of 4 things done, and one i still need someone to send me the pictures still  guess i've got something going in the right direction "
"damn, having my indy moment of the week, lost my damn black cadet hat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"laundry, warcraft, and a nice cold guinness                 not a bad way to use my day off (still can't find my hat though!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)"
"this is odd, work was not too bad on the physical activities for me today, yet when i left i almost didn't make it home because of the many time my eye's closed on the way back to cornersville              this doesn't look good "
"friday, the day that most people enjoy     unless you work at walmart!"
who will i help today           at least i'm not thinking that for work sake for once 
"refusing to go down, i can still fight          i may have only had 3 hours of sleep, and had a wet, hard day at work        but i will not give in till i have my dinner and my warcraft tonight!"
"\the best way to walk into the abyss is with a smile and a laugh\"" it's gonna be a real fun day at work """
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
"omg, i so hate mulch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ain't nothing like having a relatively light day ruined in the last hour before ya leave because ya have no help and ya gotta load 50 bags of mulch "
"anyone got some tea, people at my house are dropping like flies "
"ok, either something better turning around, or i may need a private suit up at vandy "
"ok, anyone know where to find a good drink   "
5 days till i hit 27 and still trying to figure out what i'm gonna do all day sunday      man i'm slipping 
"darn, just when i seem to be feeling better, it all creeps back in       at least i'm making some progress    life doesn't suck as much, work is ok, and my friends are all there when i need a kinda ear   "
"crap, i really don't like it when i plan things in advance and then i have 2 guys get canned  i really feel sorry for wendel and mike      it's gonna be a long weekend "
"ok, let's get this day over with so i can enjoy these next few days off       b-day on sunday folks, so i'll be out with family eating in the afternoon "
why must the day before ya take 3 or more days off be so hard and or annoying?
"well, if this was the day i wasn't looking forward too out of my 3 days off, it went better then i though it would       now to see how my birthday tomorrow will pan out "
"<propmale> everyone  to my walmart friends, cake will be late today \to the guild house gang, i hope ya like my friend from lynchburg, because he's on the way after i eat and drop off my cake"
"final day off, time to pull everything out of it i can "
"before i go to work tomorrow, i would like to thank my family, my work friends, <propfirst> watts, and the guild house crew for a great birthday and 3 day weekend  may there be many more like this one "
"well, starting way too early this morning, guess insomnia is trying to tell me it's gonna be a long day "
"family, some times ya love them, some times ya wanna kill them "
"ok, about to hit a 9 hour shift        first thing on my mind       where's my tea!"
"ok, every time i think life is getting better or can't get any worst        i get slammed again by life \goodbye, <propfemale> hall(warlockniki)\r i p"
"lindsaylohan,\ 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while \<propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propfirst> weikert 29, justus bartett 27,\ <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26, <propfirst> <propmale> 21, \<propmale> fisher 24, <propfirst> <propmale> 23, <propfirst> goeke 23,    and sheldon\ tate 27 are all marines   that gave their lives this week, with no \media mention  honor them by reposting "
"lord, thank you for the blessed weather and the easy day at work      after everything that i have had to deal with, i needed that "
"message of the week: life tosses a left right combo, you should counter with a right jab and a left uppercut and go take a well earned rest "
payday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"oh boy, can't wait to get started tonight      i got the special foster herkimer cheese dip started!"
"well, after friday night, i'm feeling abit better going into work today  nothing like a party and some time with friends to recharge the batteries "
"well, i thought last night was gonna be ok weather wise, i was wrong!"
"\how long do you think you can hold back some with a will like mine?\""\",241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0,"well, it's another day of slowly grinding myself into dust        bring it!"
"\where's me mallet!\"""""
sometimes i think this is the most annoying day of the week for me  don't do much more then laundry and wow 
gotta love routine computer work           my family always seems to keep me busy with all the stuff they track on these computers!
"well, guess i care abit more then i should       don't have to be at work till 3pm and i'm leaving soon to be at a work related meeting(which is optional)  yep, don't understand myself sometimes "
"ok, it's not cool when you wake of hot and it's only 60 outside  darn room never cooled off last night "
"wow alert! patch 4 0 dropped today, prepare for the usual patch issues, annoying complaints, and messed up changes"
it's gonna be a long evening for me today        better get some tea ready 
"ok, i'm gonna need about a day or 2 on wow just to get my toons back into the swing        guess it's a good thing i've got tomorrow off"
"well, i guess it's time to start my day with world of warcraft(more like world of workcraft at this point)"
"man, tomorrow can't get here fast enough! really wanna get started on my halloween costume!"
"\out of my mind and it's payday! leave a message after the beep\"""""
"getting ready for another day of work      first thing to do, eat me some food \second, shower and skip the shave(ya, it's kinda nippy this morning)\third, find that last marble i lost, because lord knows i'm gonna need it before 6pm tonight "
"sometimes things you plan into can change up quickly, and last night proved that it's not always for the worst  i actually feel much better today physically, but more importantly, i feel less stressed and somewhat renewed  thanks guys "
"ok, i think i may actually be going crazy here, but today has almost gone abit too smooth        this is very odd indeed!"
"do\ any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a \task for you -i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about \how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do \the same to you  you will be amazed at the responses you get "
"well, i'm gonna enjoy being off today    very few people can say its there sister's birthday as well as a old school mate and a friend from the hood  happy birthday guy and gals "
can someone find out where my mind went       it must have gotten loose when i left my window open last night with a fan in it!
need to find myself some extra time to enjoy what is left of the calm time at work        holidays are coming!(3 months of retail hell)
"well, dogs are fed, food is cooked, and my caddy is ready for some use  time to go <propfemale> with watts and <propfirst> for a few hours "
"ok, need to find that nice quote of the day to get myself going      just can't come up with one at the moment  hope it's not too bad of a day, because i'm really sure i wanna come home and have some fun "
"ok, after everything that went wrong at work today, i need more then a good nights rest     i'll catch ya'll tomorrow"
"please\ say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their \",241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0,"well, the armor was dented and the soul was tested almost to the breaking point, but i can say one thing about today already                    bring it on!"
"ok, i take yesterdays comment back, you can keep it today       broken bay doors and reflaring up my back is not quite what i e playful ected "
"time to prepare for work, hopefully i will be able to keep myself going, but it won't be easy this time around "
"<propmale> lord for the extra will and pain endurance to get though last night  i think it's a good day to just stay home and let my body recover (and yes, my back is starting to feel somewhat better, ice and sleep are proving the best medicine on this one )"
"man, laundry is going extra slow tonight(lot of cloths and not getting the stuff moving fast because i'm split 4 ways at the moment)  on the plus side      still making some progress on the back  haven't had any <propmale> pain most of the day and i think that i've managed to get the one very bad spot to calm down \let's just hope it keeps going like this, because i really don't like letting my guys down "
"well, i think last night was lighter then i e playful ected, but it was still memorable for everything that happened and everyone who attended(costumes were very well done)  thanks again guys for a nice evening "
"there's nothing more annoying then a 4 hour closing shift at walmart         but at least i don't have to worry about freezing tonight, the gm bay will be running hot before i leave (possible even before i get there if <propfirst> is working)"
"out for the evening, getting up early tomorrow to hit the polls  hope everyone take the time to vote tomorrow if you haven't already done so "
"ok  time to stop slacking everyone, get out and vote!"
"it is done      now off to work i shall go  remember, vote today people "
"\do not waste my time lesser creature!\""\",241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0,"well, burning that midnight oil tonight, guess i'm not tired at all(may be all the excitement yesterday)  oh well, laundry    here i come!"
"well, i'm looking at a wonderful day for working as a cartpusher    not! guess my coveralls and steel toe rubber boots are getting used today"
"well, it wasn't as bad as i thought it would be, but it was chilly today!"
"well, it's time to get ready for work  everyone get ready for tonight, because it's gonna be cold!"
"ok, it's official      today is just to boring! i need something to do without j o y boy around "
"alright, time for bed     remember to set your clocks back tonight!"
"ok, i thought part of me setting back my clock last night was so i would be able to avoid getting up too early      and then i wake up 5 hours after going to bed  so much for planning this one out "
"man, tired and still trying to figure out why i'm not doing things i would normally do  \it's been a strange past few weeks for me!"
"ok, time to make some progress on this! anyone who knows me in rl(real life), if you see me, fire off a picture or 2     just don't have many recent pictures of myself(work pictures would be nice) "
"ok, i'm beginning to think a small heater would be nice around my right ankle after how things happened at work today!"
           my fallout 3 disc just died!(this would be a good time to find cover)
"well, the money moves fast on this end  at least i have fresh oil under the hood and some better tires on the back end "
"anyone know any good bands i haven't listened to lately?(any no my local friends, i am talking about big name guys at the moment     i still like your stuff)"
"ok, time for work  i'll try to find some nice music video's or something interesting later!"
fog tonight was a real issue on the way home(had a few points where i had almost zero visibility)  glad to be home and safe 
"ok folks, wish i could keep myself going a bit longer, but i'm actually super tired for some odd reason  night"
"wish i could find the time and energy to play wow, starting to thing i may be sick or something "
\and for one last instance," i'm human again \""\"241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0,"ok, i feel like someone put my head in a vice and started turning the rod     i hate wet weather!"
"ok, it's been awhile since i did one of these, but here we go \\\the most beautiful thing anyone has in the world is whats inside them\"""""
"ok, sister and friend got harassed while headed to the local dollar general in corn-town      there be some lucky sob's driving around at the moment, because i didn't find out till they got home with mom "
"man, i knew last night was gonna be taxing, but wasn't e playful ecting to sleep most of the day, feel like i got hit by a bus, and do almost nothing all day but rest  even with all that, last night was fun(pulaski walmart basketball team won by the way)"
"ugh, anyone get the plate off the bus that ran me over last night! i almost feel like calling in today (almost!)"
"ok, i've survived up to this point, now to rest, relax, purge the stress, and take care of some stuff over the next 2 days i'm off (reminder: thursday i will not be in direct contact \even by cell phone\""  i will see whoever i can during the day after 8:15am)"""
"well, today was somewhat of a adventure    hit p town for shampoo(because lewisburg walmart doesn't <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale>'s), then shot into lewisburg to finish do some more shopping around town(ya, xmas presents), then on the way back home i almost run over a little fluff ball turning onto my street(guess i have a new cat to deal with)   yep, it's been a interesting day!"
"well, i took care of my business this morning(and i feel better for it), special thank you for the pedigo's for the meal and taking the time to let a guest in on thanksgiving  i wish everyone else a happy thanksgiving and a wonderful day!"
"ok everyone, time to hit the hay     please don't forget that walmart will be a zoo tomorrow(i'd avoid going out tomorrow if you can, not worth the trouble   really!)"
"well, going to start working toward the pillow here shortly, but before i do, i want everyone to know that this upcoming month(december) is a great time to help others  please support the salvation army, the red cross(yes, blood is also a great gift), and toys for tots(yeah, i have a reason to brush up on my claw machine skills)"
"ok, things that make people run like hell     \1  lynch mobs\2  natural disasters \3  waking up the same time you should be leaving for work    "
"ok, nothing is quite as hard to deal with as having your pants soaked to the waistline and working outside with chilly wind most of the night  i think my legs are finally starting to look white again "
"well, ain't this interesting, i actually slept more then 8 hours last night for once "
hell hath finally frozen over!
"ok, time to do something this morning    been up since 9am and haven't done a thing "
"well, i feel lovely today(not)  i'm sure the customers will come in slow and be careful, nice, respectful(not)  today should be much better then yesterday(who am i trying to kid here?)"
"well, i have to say        sometimes i manage to impress myself with how i manage to make it home on next to no fuel in the tank(i'm stuck at the house till thursday morning)"
"ok, first thing on my \to do list\""\",241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0,time to go to work and feast!
"christmas: the day of presents, family, and food       \christmas: the day we honor the lord by remembering the meaning of giving, and what it really means to be a good person "
"ok, either my sinuses are kicking in or it's about to be a long few days of being sick on this end  either way this doesn't look good!"
"ok, don't know whats worse    feeling like i'm coming down with something, trying to find people that i actually know in the sea of people in that section of my fb, or dealing with this fuzzball named <propfirst> that doen't wanna let me type(pushy, persistant little kitten)"
"well, i'm awake and can half way think today       guess i'll be trying to work at least(really don't feel like it but as long as i'm hurling or running a temp, might as well try)"
"starting to look like i'm not the only one in the family that is sick(sister and nephew down), and corntown is looking abit white at the moment    "
"ya know, i really find it annoying that i have to spend 10 minutes checking the\people you may know\"" section only to find 2 or 3 people a day  \",241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0,"well, sad to say this, but it's come down to this           hell has finally frozen over!"
"from the looks of facebook at the moment, things outside are going polar  please be careful my friends still at #238, any my friends outside of work, please stay off the roads  just not worth it tonight "
"well, guess it's about time to gather up some sanity, hit the shower, and get ready for another round at work tonight  why must people be so angry, rude, and crazy this time of year? it's the happiest time of the year people, get into the spirit and stop going off at people who are trying to help you enjoy it "
"well, guess it's time to get started working on this tower today(may actually be the only time i get before christmas)"
"ok, when ya need someone to hold a cat just so you can type something on fb or a search site, it's proof that the cat is\annoyingly lovable\"""""
"some people try too hard to be what everyone want's them to be, others try too hard to be someone else, but only the people who to be themselves find true meaning in their lives "
"needs a drink, a ice pack, and a vacation!(4 more days till my last day on the lot)"
"ok, did someone get the plate number of the bus that ran over me last night?(yep, definitely worn out today)"
"i can't e playful lain it, but for some reason i just don't feel like myself tonight "
"ok, other then laundry i'm out of ideas for things to do (not playing wow till christmas day, and don't feel like playing the xbox) i guess i'll have to find something to work on here at the house "
"well, i have 2 options this morning      wait till 7pm to leave for work or take off early and try to get some shopping done before everyone in giles county comes to walmart (i think leaving early is the plan)"
"today was not bad at all  had some fun, retired a vest(stockman style), took some pictures(didn't get a good one of one guy, but had fun trying all damn day), and got a card  it was a fun last day on the lot "
time to chill and enjoy 2 of my favorite things in the world          guinness and music! marry christmas everyone!
"scary, it's actually snowing on christmas in tennessee! guess it took a holiday after 93"
how to stay awake for another 3+ hours          warcraft!
"ok, on hour 22, good time to hit the sack! take it easy everyone"
"ok, i'm up, i'm up already!"
"ok, time again to head to work (and yes, i'm definitely setup on sleep this time) have a great night everyone "
"ok, for some strange reason, i actually have been halfway successful in doing nothing today (if only everyone knew how hard that is for me)now if only i could enjoy my day off while not doing anything     "
"time for another day on doing mostly nothing (plan on feeding the dogs here in a minute, elsewise i have no plans)guess i just like work too much!"
"well, guess i'm gonna have to make some time to go out before work tomorrow  take it easy everyone "
"<propmale> <propfirst> for the this one!\dear 2010, piss off you was by far the worst year of my life, so here's hoping you die a slow and painful death and that 2011 will be the best to date   muahahaha"
"man, i hate having 2 days off in a row \what good is a day off if ya have nothing worth doing with it\"""""
"i think i'm slowly starting to crack, i'm running out of things to do while not at work (seriously thinking about asking for my days off to be split up again)"
"               i hate the government, too much red tape!"
"ok, starting to miss my debit card already      had to wait till 9am this morning to get money for tonight "
"hmmmm, think i need to find some spare time this week for myself "
caddy down! taking cover at the game house till i can get back to my caddy on 31a or get a ride out of pulaski 
"well, the weather was a blast, but lord knows i really am glad to be home!(still have to recover my crippled caddy, but she will be ok till we get a trailer)"
"     well, looks like i gotta wait another day to get my car back home!"
"ok, had someone ask me what i would take cash wise for my broken war wagon(caddy), all they got for a answer was \the evil look\"""""
what a week!
         fun night at work!
someone go get me a flamethrower!!!!!!!
"ok, it's been a interesting end of my night, time for some rest!"
bright light!
"+3 weeks and still got it baby!!!! can't take the cartpusher out of ya after 3 years, 8 months and 21 days"
"ok, this just bugs me            i can't find my hat!"
"ok, it's been one of those interesting end of work  heading home mornings(mom's car got a oil change and my caddy should be on the way to the shop)  i'm gonna hate waking up later on this evening for sure!"
holy crap i seriously slept till 7 smile 0 this evening       guess i'm gonna have to force myself to sleep tonight for sure!
needs a drink(washer just died and i still got 3 loads to do!)
goodnight everyone(and my tomorrow be a very nice day    )
"hmmmmm, what to do today              "
i got a feeling i'm not gonna wait on the vacation this year(i'm gonna have a hard enough time making it to april as it is)
"ok, i was e playful ecting more           "
day 5 of my work week(it's been too long)  now for the really hard part of the week!!!! 2 days off!
wow! last night went from fubar to epic rebound in less then 2 hours      something tells me that i should just let this go unanswered!
"beware, <propfirst> comes again with more winter fun!"
"multitasking: the <propmale> of doing more then one thing at a time while getting them done \example: worked on 2 computers, 4 loads of laundry, cooked myself 2 meals, and managed to get done in time for a nap before i have to get up later \long night tonight!"
"ok, hope everyone has a great night, take it easy!"
today was fun(with a capital fu)
need to get me some spare change for tonight      hehehehe!
"\all battles look hopeless if no one is willing to try and fight them \"""""
"ok, it's always a bad sign when you go out shopping and you forget the one thing someone asked you to get for them! i think i should have just tried to get another hour of sleep today "
"ouch, glad that pain is over         my haircut has been completed(and it beyond summer cut level)"
holding off on headed out this evening till 9pm  will be evaluating my driving situation at 8:50pm and make a decision at that point as to leaving cornersville 
"man it's gonna be a long night for me  snowed in, can't go do anything outside the house, waiting to see if i can go to out tomorrow       (anyone remember this story from somewhere!)"
tomorrow there's alot going on     but the main thing that i'm glad about is my caddy should be ready to roll by the time i wake up(war wagon!)
caddy is fixed!
"tonoght was a blessed night, special thanks to jereimah   christian <propmale> and the man upstairts for the salvation of one an from a slow demise     "
"hmmmm, not every day i wake up feeling renewed  "
happy valentines day everyone     now to work on getting some rest!
"well, i guess i'm gonna have to push the depro today  working on rebuilding 2 towers at the moment(ya, 3 pc towers worth of parts and the goal being 2 working pc's)"
"ok, yesterday's computer work had to be put on hold untill further notice(had the only power supply that could keep up with the extra hardware take a fall)\gonna have limited computer use for at most a week(if i let it last that long   )"
"money: here today, gone before the day is over!"
"        need my power supply soon, not having my normal computer up and running is really making it hard to do research "
"well murphy's law, did ya enjoy the payback last night!!!"
awake at 6am on a tuesday       this is not good(i see much sleep depro in my future tomorrow night)
"sleep      my lost pal, where have you been!(night everyone)"
"basketball practice was productive, i think i found those hard to work areas last night before work    ouch!"
"ok, i think i'm losing it       everything right for once!"
"slowly making progress on the pc tower     gotta get some stuff reinstalled and pull off afew scans, but my week long computer issue should be over soon "
         why must people test me so         
"\looking into the future is very hard when all you see is the past in front of you\""\",241dc4d1a5421ded23099c59ed86ebc0,"i'm up and wishing for a quick end to this day     sadly, it looks like it will be a long one "
needs 4 3 11 to get here faster!
"well, after the way this last computer job has gone, i think my next computer project is gonna be a brand new build(less <propmale> of problems and more rewarding)"
"april 3rd can't get here fast enough! got alot of things centered around that date, and some of those things have been put off way too long "
"well, gout decided to pay me a visit again     guess tonight is gonna be a long night at work "
anyone know what time it is              it's time to get afew things out the way before bed!
"ok up and running again, time to get some more stuff out the way(it may be a long night, but i'm off tomorrow and enjoying it with my favorite meal of the year)"
wow! i been off fb and this computer for days now(darn fallout: new vegas)
"anyone got a idea where i can find my luck, it seems to have run away again  "
murphy!!!!! leave my caddy alone!
"well, today has had more twists and turns then a bag or pretzels   "
"well, caddy should be ready to come back to the house shortly(2 new engine brackets this time)  i really need to find my missing luck     "
haven't felt like this since i left the lot     i think i need a new body!
"well, at some point i'll have some time to do something fun on this thing, but today is not the day         good night everyone(or morning for you non 3rd shift people out there)"
