135b4ad9d2df76b8b2c74603ffa59a3d
is getting ready to go to sleep soon!
"i finally posted my pictures from <propfemale> last spring, i didn't have time to tag everyone, and i didn't have everyone on my friends list so help me tag!"
is it really that hard to count?  since when has $79 been lower than $19?
"cali-fornia boys are u deniable, cargo shorts, nothing on top!  sun kissed skin, so hot it melts your popcicle!  oh whoa oh ph!"
yayness new phone!
enjoyed delicious home cooked meal made by bf
it's not at all creapy that i can find a picture of my car on google earth in a matter of seconds   
why can't the head and the heart agree?
"wants a really good fresh vanilla and yellow cake, cup cake! yummy!"
i really don't understand why i do 90% of the things i do   
finally making my cupcakes yay!
woot <propfirst> colfer and <propfemale> <propfemale> defying gravity ringtone ftw!
"i'm limited, just look at me   i'm limited, and look at you you can do all i couldn't do, <propfemale>, now it's up to   for the both of us   now it's up to you "
"so long i've been afraid of loosing love i guess i'd lost, well, if that's love it come at much to high a cost "
the best things in life are never free   although i suppose that it makes them all the more the precious and dear to the heart!
"like omg, im working on my car, i feel so manly!!!  gawd, i thought i needed a mani pedi before this!"
today was full of some pretty big ups and downs but just ended on a very wonderful up!
   
is anyone going to b-bobs tonight?  i need to relieve stress!!!
on second thought i just want to curl up and passout 
goodnight world
"dear floorset,\why can't you go away?  you're keeping me from locking myself in my room and curling up into fetal position!"
"why can't i be one of those people that doesn't eat when they're sad, damn skinny bitches!"
"so, i don't know what to do     what do single people do instead of seeing there boyfriend?  i don't remember   "
i want a fat cat so i can name him bustopher jones 
how can you whole heartedly hate someone and be completely in love with them at the same time?
"ah, yes my friend exercise,  you're always there to give me lots of wonderful endorphines   now its time to give my good ole friend <propfemale>'s on the rocks a visit! you guys always know how to make a day better! \\    sfsa"
"yay driving school for going 5 <propmale> over the speed limit, fml!"
"i guess i set myself up, i shouldn't have e playful ected any better than this   "
weird day   
"well, the weird day is over and it was definitely weird, wonderful ups and some horrible downs, hopefully tomorrow won't have so many downs "
getting ready to dig a grave for my cat that i had over 15 years     crying  i hope everyone is having a better holiday than i am 
a good end to a bad day  smile 
"dear gamestop,\offering $8 to trade in a gamecube  is ridiculous  annoyed  buying the replacement controler i would have to give you costs more!"
what sailor <propfemale> sailor scout are you? -- my result: chibiusa (sailor mini <propfemale>)  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 44966 referrals status?aid=1266596434
i'm so sick of caring
"woot, pizza day at the gym!  wait, why do people want fat drenched processed carbs at a gym? humans are silly  playful "
"yay, for extra long naps!  here's hoping i can sleep tonight  playful "
it seems too early to be learning christmas music!
"why do some people try to find reasons to be mad at you, even if you haven't done anything?  all this needless drama just complicates life "
"yay, gym, dinner, and opera!  full night ahead of me!"
"planning the move to nyc with @<propmale> taalur ramsey, so excited!"
"i just sent out a mass <propfemale> suggestion for my new fan <propfemale>   please like this <propfemale> and help support my career, i'll be using this <propfemale> to post updates about my performances, my performance resume', <propfemale>, and any other information important to my performing career   thanks for the support!  love "
yay finally have time to get back to dance class!  be there till 8
so glad this day is almost over!
"\absence makes the heart grow fonder\"""""
it's weird how not doing something can be the hardest thing to do 
"although parts of it sucked, all in all had a pretty nice day, had a good time with jarrad sager, went to rehearsal for <propfemale> dei choral, found out <propfirst> cagle made it home safe, and got to workout with <propmale> taalur ramsey!!!"
"i have one very simple wish for today, let's see if someone cares enough to <propmale> it!"
"the greater the risk, the higher the potential return!"
"i really want to see and hear from a certain someone tonight   who could it be, i hope they get the hint "
well today should be interesting   i guess i'll see how everything plays out 
today was such great day till about 15 minutes ago   
i hate not knowing what i can and can't do without creating more distance 
"wow, today has been exhausting, i'm totally crashing right now   hopefully my dinner will give me some energy early enough for me to get to the gym tonight "
"all the caffeine i've had today just hit me like a ton of bricks   red bull, 4 shots off espresso, a venti coffee and gree tea  surprise  jittery!!!"
i had so much fun today!  i truly value my time spent with the people who are special to me!
"i just realized i don't remember what chicken tastes like     wow, i've been a pescetarian half my life   "
"i try to keep my promises, i try to keep my life moving forward, but it's still not right   what should i do?"
"yay, mr, reece childs finally made a facebook!"
"great day of rehearsal, act one is going to be amazing!"
"\life is neither good nor bad   life is life and all we know   good and bad joy and woe are woven fine \""  \""you've been a fool and so have i    and let us try before we die to make some sense of life   we're neither pure nor wise nor good; we'll do the best we know   \"""""
"amazing opening night of candide, hope everyone who didn't see it tonight can make it for sunday!"
"\i can't wait\"""""
"so, i think i want to be a sexy neko (<propfemale>) boy for halloween    any suggestions?"
omg they have a lady gaga costume at hot topic!
he lied about having a boy friend to me for 3 weeks and had the audacity to get mad at me when i started dating reece   wow   
"just got fable iii, that poor chicken!"
"if you like the arts follow me at twitter com robertveihman i'll be posting about local arts, especially performances i'm involved with!"
"mmmm, i love vanilla kok, yay greek fest time  laugh "
"men's fashion pisses me off, girls get all the cute shoes!"
"uhg, i hate when ppl who randomly know like 30 ppl i know invite me, but the ppl they know are sooo freakin random i can't figure out how on earth i could possibly know this person   "
woot for getting to <propmale> potter an hour early and the theater already being full  playful 
forgot how good a 5k run feels!
its the first time in 6 years he hasn't been here    i miss him so much  crying 
"too early for work, adult swim is still on!"
"so fitting, adult swim is playing the family guy where <propmale> was addicted to an mmorpg the night the wow e playful ansion comes out lol"
omfg! im moving to nyc in 15 days i feel like i have an infinite amount of work to make sure im prepared!
"space heaters are the best invention of all time, truely heaven sent!"
"on the ground in nc, about to connect to my flight to jfk, nyc, i'm omw!"
"safely landed at jfk, getting ready to head into the city!"
"can't sleep, and it baffles me as to why    i walked the majority of manhattan and went to the gym to top it off   exhausted but not sleepy "
"i woke up to my first real snow this morning, it gogeous!"
"just went grocery shopping for the first time in the city, trader joes doesn't <propfirst> dried beans wtf   "
i keep forgetting about the buses and figuring out these complex plans to take the subway   
"it's cold, im broke, im walking 10+ hours a day, im spending more money than i ever have, i don't have a job, but god do i love it! i  love  nyc"
free food for buying furniture at ikea  laugh 
"grrrr    ikea is taking their sweet time with my furniture, i've been waiting since 11am   "
"i get my mattress tomorrow only 4 more days till i can sleep on it, well its the price you pay for memory foam i suppose  laugh "
"so i found an iphone, i was gonna wait for someone to call so i could return it, but i've come to the conclusion this is the most anti-social iphone owner ever "
i've just decided i hate every piece of clothing i own   who wants to donate to my couture fund?
"i love that everyone in this city has a gym membership, i don't even have to buy one, i keep getting free weeks from people  laugh "
"i got a free tea yesterday and a free coder today, from 2 different cashiers from starbucks   i think i go to starbucks too often "
"you can l<propmale> the life you're living, \you can live the life you l<propmale> \you can even marry harry,\and mess around with <propmale>!"
"?????!  yay for boredom, i can type in chinese and japanese on my phone now  laugh "
"oh, wow, my birthday comment's just showed up on my <propfemale>  annoyed  it was bugging out the other day, thank you everyone!  sorry i didn't have time to respond to each wish individually, anywho  love  all of you thanks again! ??????????? ????dank!  grazie!  merci!  i think you get the idea  laugh "
