42d5111b0958c73a73ccbd11763843e2
"feeling conflicted, like i always do when i look at facebook "
have headache 
"peeeaceful, with just the two us home   smile "
next door neighbors' new renters are having a really loud party  *hates*
still loving the photos of us from our trip   
"spazzy and weird, that is i  and hungry   surprise "
just    make it    stop 
hungry!         been a good few days   smile 
tummy hurts 
tired of stressssssssssss  ready for it to be over 
the countdown to tuesday's 5am worktime begins    because i said so 
tired  happy to be home to snuggle <propfirst>   laugh  happy to have the weekend off  need the rest  badly 
"survived a <propmale> car accident without a seatbelt, on wednesday  we're mostly okay  i have to buy a new car "
"still doing okay after the wreck  looking for a new car  <propfirst> has a minor shoulder injury and i have a moderate-but-immensely-irritating-and-upsetting chest wall injury that causes me a lot of pain from time to time  i still can't work, yet "
sometimes i kinda just want to sink into the earth and hibernate for a while 
the scab finally fell off of my facial laceration! woo! i was happy to see how big it really is  haha 
"     the laceration, that is; not the scab   "
dammit; i just ignored a request i didn't mean to  *cries*
"my grandmother's name keeps popping up in the \suggestions\"" section and it's very confusing  my grandmother has a facebook??"""
*sigh*  sad 
starvinnnng   
it shouldn't be this goddamn hard 
"how the hell do you create a facebook account for a business, anyway?"
just created a <propfemale> for onetruetree creations!
help celebrate envdefensefund's national day of climate action! tell your senators to pass a strong climate bill: http annoyed  bit ly kzr9a
"best day in forever  go saints!!! go <propfirst>  go love, go peace and calm, go good days, and go relaxed jovial quality time!"
how the fuck does this new facebook format work? *irritated* all i want to do is make a note    ;_;
why the fuck can't we get a goddamn break?? in something  anything?!?
chameleons    
sewin'!
woooooo! my profile is now blingin' with a new tab that shows you all my items for sale on etsy com! i'm so excited; i didn't even know you could do that until today   smile 
"okay, so i have to take part in boobquake, too  i'm doing my part    are you!?"
somebody teach me how to stop procrastinating?  annoyed 
"oh, man, i am so looking forward to having a new laptop!! will alleviate some of this damn nerve pinching i 'm getting from wrestling with the mousepad on my current one  *can hardly wait*"
hurrah! i finally got a url for onetruetree's <propfemale>! http annoyed  www facebook com onetruetreecreations
"hot day  decided to spend the majority of today cleaning organizing  about time! allergies are acting up, though "
"throat is killing me  cleaning made me sick! =p i wanted to clean more, today, but i don't feel up for it  go figure   annoyed "
"seem to have finally gotten over that cold, so today     more cleaning!!"
=p
tired  tired      tired 
"haircut!!! i have shortshort hair, now "
*sigh*
maybe i should get a job 
"bad posture only causes bad things  i've got a cranky pinched nerve, now  sit up straight, boys and girls!"
hair dying in process   surprise 
"blah  hair dye didn't turn out the way i wanted it to  not sure if i like it, now "
"my neck is starting to bother me, again  *sigh* all signs point to me needing to get more activity  ha "
"my hair has faded really badly and i have dark roots    time to re-bleach and re-dye! i think i might be getting a cold, though, so it may end up waiting   "
i'm so tired of hearing about parents enabling destructive behavior in their children and then complaining about it 
they're pressure-washing a house outside and it's really distracting  poor <propfirst>; he's trying to get work done 
i just realized that i haven't eaten anything all day 
i think i'm going to use the rest of my purple dye  and then maybe let things gradually go back to my natural color until i visit <propfemale> next year 
"on hold, waiting to bitch out google for not allowing me to log into youtube  all this connecting shit to other shit is retarded "
"been on hold for 40 minutes, now  worst customer service ever  i'm seriously considering boycotting gmail, now, because of this "
"phew! finished <propfirst>'s order, today, then spent the rest of the day making christmas cookies and hunting down some chocolates <propfirst> and i have been wanting to try  cookies are still un-iced, so that'll have to wait until tomorrow because <propfirst>' mother has taken over the kitchen   sad "
"iced the cookies, after all! four flavors: vanilla, anise, almond, and lemon (for <propfirst>)  i need to hunt down my mom's cookie recipe, though, because while these cookies are good, they don't quite measure up, somehow  hrrmm "
today didn't go as planned   
i hate all you bastards who are getting snow! d=
x_x
"hair dye turned out more blue than purple, and tinted my tips to a weird brassy color  hrm "
"hurrrgh  i have that weird \i've eaten too much sugar and not enough real food\"" feeling """
i rather dislike federal holidays 
happy birthday <propfirst> shields
i need to dye my hair again!! i think today is an errand day  or tomorrow  tomorrow at the latest 
"bought dye! all the blue purple has faded out of my hair, so it's just a icky gray-ish brown blonde, so    back to trusty old pink!"
"exhausted  too much to do, too little energy "
"i think it's weird when friends of my friends send me a friend-request when i've never even talked to them, before "
today was basically one big failure 
why is everyone crazy?  surprise 
"why has livejournal been the target of so many hack attacks, lately? anyone have any info?"
