29be62f9286c0e9e0b84488160d0bad4
i need red duck tape
things are going great  smile 
its raining
beach trip!!!
ready to grow up and move on to the rest of my life 
im tired
"transformers was                                                                                                                                       yeah, that amazing of a movie  i was that speechless "
i miss my brown hair 
feelin ancy
tired
teaching swim lessons will take it out of you 
swimming lessons are great  to bad this session ended today
tired
> sad 
> sad 
angels roadhouse is a funny place to be  theres some crazy people there 
chill
 smile  things are great
like being a dirty blonde
life is great and it will always be as long as i keep working to make it 
life is perfect
life is perfect
i miss my gold hair  sad 
had a great time at jakes court of honor 
perfect  that is all that i can say right now 
i need a job
need a job  anyone hiring?
"learning how to play sitting, waiting, wishing by <propfirst> <propmale> and bad touch by bloodhound gang"
can play bad touch!
i just lit myself on fire!!! i was smokin hot 
burn baby burn ( disco inferno) burn baby burn
went to see alesana last night  the show was great  ask <propfemale> was crazy  didnt get to see alesana though 
"life sucks, then you die"
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
swims almost here!
had a great night with a good friend  its nice to know you can count on certain people 
just got beck from saint <propfirst>  grandma gave me an old fender stratocaster!!!!! needs work but man is it a beauty  its a solid naavy blue  looks black in the right light 
"my fender is in better shape then i thought!!!!!!!!!! only 75 bucks to fix it, unless the elctric in it is bad but it shouldnt be "
wooohoooo!!! i gained ten pounds!!!!!!!!!
who knows what a luthier is? no looking it up and cheating  i already know what it is 
my dads a facebook addict 
hates being sick 
mad about project love groove
ready for life to catch up with me
swim invitational went great today  the team is coming really together 
"i miss my bed  i like my bed, its soft and confty and big enough for me "
vistor won the swim meet today  there woking hard but we have to step it up 
i am now a sheltered homeless man  no going back to childish things now 
i want to go play in the riverbed
i think im going to like living in a camper 
"the money pit is a great movie  \the foundations was good and as long as there is a good foundation everything else can be rebuilt\"""""
its nice to have everything out on the table 
excited about seeding my swimmers for the imanuel meet  this is going to be a big meet 
 smile 
playin feudalism 
life can only improve if you learn from your mistakes 
swimmers recieved a great wake up call today 
being sick sucks 
tetris is an addicting game
y mind has be boggled by tetris and bejeweled 
the <propfirst> swim team did a great job against granite today  didnt win but the didnt give up 
<propfirst> against bishop tommorow  3 surprise 0 at the <propfirst> high school pool  come watch and have a good time 
<propfirst> beat bishop  boys and girls! we have a lot of work for next year though 
morning practice tommorow is going to be fun 
being a coach can be confusing at times 
whats wrong with the immigration law in arizona?
i like the law arizona passed about presidential elections 
<propfirst> swim is offically moving up to division three next year  cif just became ten times harder to compete in 
might have a relay and a breastroker go to cif this year for swim  im excited 
just finished with seeding dsl finals
"you pass the north korean border illegally \you get 12 yrs hard labor, you pass the afghan border illegally you get \shot  you pass the american border illegally you get a job, driver's \license, allowance for a place to live, health care, education, billions\of dollars spent  we <propfemale> passports in other countries - or face jail \time  repost this if you agree!!!"
i kinda want to fall of the map till next year 
dsl finals were today  <propfirst> has a relay and a breastroker going to cif tuesday for swim  all i need now is more dedicated aggressive swimmers 
being broke sucks
today is bitter sweet  swim ended today 
thinking of haveing year round morning practices 
finally home from utah  loved it there and brought back a nice arch-top guitar  smile  needs repairs though 
so basically im deppresed   smile 
feudilism
web advisor sucks  im always forgetting my password
shag carpet has so many possibilitys 
buying a five string base tommorow and starting my guitar  the wood is so amazingly beautiful  im very excited  smile  !
twilight sucks  smile 
going to the fender museum tommorow!!!!!!!!
im tirred of people putting me down  how could you be a freind when nothing good comes out of your mouth 
why does there have to be so much bs in the world?
stroke
goodnight everybody 
"i just have got to say \why dont you get a job\"" by the offspring is a great song!"""
is six classes and 16 credits alot?
about ready to bash my guitar 
tired
planning an adventure wensday night if anyones interested 
<propfemale>   la la la la <propfemale>    la la la la <propfemale>    the kinks
i now have a laptop
one more week then lifeguarding is over!
i'm done smiling politely and turning the other cheek 
so i say the most amazing thing today  outside of walgreens on hesperia and bear valley there was a booth stand thing were people were taking a petition to get obama empeached 
texting is stupid 
 smile 
theres just to much bs in my life 
i don't swear i use sentence enhancers 
swims starting soon! oh yeah 
"i am full of possibility and determination, throw whatever you got because i'm coming prepared "
stuck a vvc  i locked my keys in the car 
ten minutes till im on the streets
men who stare at goats is one of the most amazing movies in the world!
my trailer is getting cold  winter must be coming in 
i need up to date photos
downloading music is boring
"i have just got three words to say, the boondock saints "
weezer and blink 182
swim  smile 
its very deppressing when your downloading a 100 mb file at a speed of 30 b s 
anything going on this weekend?
"i just go screwed by aleks on my first math test  looks like i'm going to get a c in this class, hopefully "
flea's bite big ti5me!!
sgu!
"stupid lighting, it would have been fun to practice in the rain "
blind melon  smile 
remember me is a horrible movie 
dude <propfirst> from youtube has a real legit movie 
whos going to jazz night at the college tonight?
who's going to choral night (i think its called that) tomorrow night at the college pac
i had a great weekend  i miss him though 
thinks my math class blows big ones 
i wonder how long a business could survive if obama was running it 
classical music calms me down so nicely 
food inc 
the federal governments being sued  woohoo! the lawsuit against healthcare gets to proceed 
did you know that corn used in food gets ammonia washed  also the same company that created agent orange (a deadly chemical gas) created round-up and owns a patent for soy beans thats makes up 90% of soy beans grown in the usa  that sounds healthy  yummmm            
classiacal guitar is very interesting to play 
swim is going great!
im so glad i own a parka  lightning is terrifying when you live in a metal trailer 
i like my suspenders!
i wonder  who is going to vote nov  2nd?
"so aleks is starting to grow on me  i like the program, i just dislike the teacher "
i went to piano class and the teacher told me to go home because i'm sick and she doesn't want to catch it  the funny thing is i had a midterm today  thats awesome 
how do i watch the new episode of glee online?
first day of getting back in shape  swim scholarship here we come 
i feel left out cause i don't know which teams go to which sports 
community is an amazing show
i am exhausted  i biked 24 <propmale> and swam 2600 yards today 
i need gloves 
"i'm kinda mad  i'm sitting here watching karate kid with <propfirst> <propfemale> and i thought it was going to be something different or continue with the story but its just like the first one  just with better actors  except the old mr  miagi, idk how to spell his name"
wtf! hulus starting to make tv shows only for subscribers  some episodes are only 90 sec previews 
too bad the snows a week late
there needs to be a huge snowball fight tomorrow now 
does anyone know if <propfirst> has school tomorrow?
stuck at my house  sucks living off of a big dirt road 
time to start training again  was a good holiday 
"just to let you guys know, i deleted my facebook games "
something tells me that this is going to be a cold swim season 
just changed my <propmale> again 
i am 
tough mudder  look it up  i need a running partner as crazy as me 
needs to find a college 
its 1 smile 0 and i'm all done with everything i had planned for today 
i think <propfirst> from the show psych has a pace maker 
good night  smile 
is the super bowl today?
state of the union address is kinda worthless and saddening 
i wish i was the government so that way i can spend without have to worry about running out of money or facing any consequences
swim   swim   swim!  smile 
yay for an eight pack! tough mudder here i come 
whys obama sticking his nose into egypts business?
cal state <propfemale> <propfirst> div  3 swimming   hmmmmmm
sweetness!!!! swam the breastroke at about 85-90% and my knee didn't hurt at all  i might be able to swim it again 
jesus is not a zombie  bones is a funny show 
to many commercials on hulu now  looks like i'm going to wait till the shows pop up on netflix 
i can swim breastroke again!
<propmale> burnham
can't wait till summer  i want a membership at the bullet hole so i can rock climb all day 
"18 in  portable pace clock $95  thats a steal  cause a kiefer 15 in, cost $169 00 whoo hoo  go amazon "
great night hangin with my bro 
raquetball?
anyone know how to do a backflip?
i'm stoked for english class  i have a hot professor!  smile 
were getting windmills!
backflip! what!?!
blue mountain state!  smile  great show
needs another facebook for swim so i can some things 
today is one of the best days of my life  smile  im done being nice  im acting my age except at my job cause that would be uncool 
anyone want to go on a road trip during summer? i want to and now would be a good time to get permits and that 
i have some bad insomnia  growing sucks 
oh crap   the suns coming up 
2 hours of sleep  time for college! whoo hoo 
swim meet went well   smile  no more stress  maybe i can sleep now?
where did the like button go?
"vvhs swim team has a <propfemale> for anyone interested in how the team is doing or when and where are next meets are at  the <propfemale> is \victor valley high school aquatics\"""""
i need my debit card to come  its making me mad to wait 
"fake it till you make it, i think i'm starting to make it  i woke up today refreshed "
anything going on this week?
"400 reverse i m  ,200 kick, 5x 4 50's im free on the  50, 20x100 free on the 1 smile 0 and 10x50 free butterfly 1 surprise 0, total 4,600 yards  i'm going to be back in shape in no time! and i swam that on no food and only five hours of sleep over the last 56 hours  im a beast!"
skype
i am out of shape 
after a week of swimming i swam a 50 freestyle of the wall in 29 4 seconds  that means i can hit a 27 or so in a race  six more seconds to go  smile 
st  <propfemale>'s day and im stuck at home doing hw  this sucks
needs a good weekend
needs to figure out how to get fully recerted in one weekend instead of two 
tomorrows going to be an interesting day  i have no e playful ectations  it makes it easier for people to suprise me 
a whole lot of confusion just totallly disappeared  i feel so much beeter 
oh man waking up this morning was ane playful erience 
no gas to go to practice  man this bites  sad 
man    a d d is making it hard to concentrate  i think thats why i'm horrible to watch movies with 
boys swimming won against apple 72-69! whoot whoot!!!! it was a close meet 
i think its time for me to be a little selfish with my life and time 
just swam 20 x25 butter fly 10x 50 fly kick 2x 500 free kick and 2x500 sprints plus worked out with weights  im exhausted   kinda  smile 
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down all congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you support troops"
i've got a long day ahead of me  smile 
went to the branding iron last night  it was awesome   smile 
anyone want to go to the branding iron this saturday?
"yay! obamas running for president again   yeah right he just needs to step down already, him and about two thirds of congress "
