76a3a334ce25865c77427a2bc739489c
happy new year everybody!!!! lets have a good one 
dreams don't die!!!
wait so beating resident evil was by <propmale>? lies! all lies! lol
is watching some long over due boy meets world lol
after two of not having my computer         i'm back on facebook!!!!! yes!!!!!!
after two weeks of not having my computer         i'm back on facebook!!!!! yes!!!!!!
well i hope everyone had a nice holiday this past thrusday lol
can not wait till the new season of scrubs!!!!!! this tuesday!!!!!!!
watcha gonna do when they come? i gotta redeem!  whatcha gonna do when they come? i gotta relieve!  whatcha gonna do when they come? i gotta recieve! you gotta do what? you gotta do what? i gotta believe!
the new scrubs is different       good but different  i'm looking forward to the new episodes lol  so with that said did anyone else catch it today?
i have some dame good friends and family that i would be lost without having 
i am soooooo not gda anymore lol
why were those kids such assholes to <propfirst> brown?lol
i might die soon      lol 
is a chronic procrastinator       
is alive somehow     lol 
i was wrong       the fight of my life has just started  and i have no idea if i'll survive this or not 
why the heck not  i have almost nothing to lose at this point lol
man i suck       
no homo lol
<propfemale> christmas facebook!!!!! hope ya have a good one!!!
or better yet happy holidays to everyone  hope you all have the best possible and god bless 
its quite sad to see things slowing changing  but then again thats life  it would be boring otherwise 
one more battle to go      man this is getting old!!!!!! like really why do i always got to go through all this crap?! why can't i just have a year without this kind of shit happening?! and what i'm doing all of this in fear of dissapointing and being hated by them      they're already going through enough as it is  just man do i really dislike myself 
"ok enough feeling sorry for myself  its time to take action!!!!!!! besides once i do this things will start to get better     alot better!!!! \courage is the magic that turns dreams into reality \""lol       maybe i should look to something else for encouragement  <propmale> stallone maybe lol well the point is i now what i need to do!"""
back at <propmale> stowe now  and just found out that <propmale> sharpton is coming here on the 9th  hmmmmm 
well i'm not going to forget this weekend for a few reasons  lol nows its back to collage life  and you know what? i'm pretty damn happy to be back   wink 
just got owned      lol 
i saw wwwaaaaaayyyyy too many of them today lol
if i don't watch myself im going to become what dislike the most      so im going to start with saying to all of those i've wronged  i'm sorry and i'll try my best to do better in the future 
thats  exactly why i hate facebook applications they are so darn random  that last one everyone please just ignore because the people chosen were randomly picked  i'm just saying this to avoid any misunderstanding 
i just had one of the  biggest epiphany of my life  now i must build my own legacy with the persona i make for myself  to become a dynamic teacher!!!
"hey friends on facebook  i have a <propmale> project i have to take care of  but i have to come up with ten words describing my personality  so i thought it would be fun to see what you guys come with  be honest lol  mine is random, positive, super, trusting, dreamer, he<propmale>ful, hopeful, extroverted, happy, and idiotic  i think there are better words out there so help me out lol  smile "
i have turned over to the dark side     
hulk hogan we're coming for you nigga!!!lol
has enjoyed being a teenager 
well happy birthday to me lol
well thank you all for the birthday wishes  i happy to have all you guys in my life  and to have been on this earth for another year by the grace of god lol
man i'm about to get my ass handed to me by my classes lol
man i just got my ass kicked by my classes today  it was ugly lol
i'm worried about whats going on with some of his best friends   sad 
i'm in a <propmale> fight with my classes at this moment that i'm losing        bad!!!!!! lol
i'm about to give out the second <propmale> to that certain person  hope i don't regret it lol
ugh!!!!! i've been getting my ass handed to me this entire week  but at some point even someone like me can get discourage of these turn of events     
"ok      this is really ugly       how many ass kicking can this man get before he has an emotional breakdown  find out on the next episode of \the life of <propfirst> johnson\"" """
i can't give in to defeat yet  i have a mission to accomplish  i can't die yet! said the hero of the story!
difffenent phone now  but i lost most of my <propfirst>  so everyone give me your <propfirst>! do it now!!
aaarrrgggghhhhh!!!!! ssssooooooo freacking pissed off right now!!!! damn it!!! damn it!!! damn it!!! damn it!!! damn it!!!!! damn it!!!!! why      why did this have to happened? argh!!!!!!!!  this is some <propmale> bull!!!! i was like soooo freaking hyped now it all left me  i just died a little on the inside   damn it damn it damn it damn it!!!! ooooohhhhhhh i feel like punching someone        this is not cool at all 
my friends can come to me for anything  no matter what it may be  i promise to always keep an open mind  even if it might be awkward  i will always be here for you comrades in life 
today is an amazing day outside  it makes me feel even better than usual 
"i'm fighting the forces of evil that are biology        and losing yet  again  is this it for our young and sexy hero?!?!?! find out on the \the life of <propfirst> <propmale> and those other people he just happens to be associated with\"" """
it is so freaking nice outside  i wanna play lol
i am going to take my ownings one at a time tomorrow  and have pride while doing it too lol
it's time to make my counterattack on my classes!!!
i don't care  i am soooooo not losing the fight lol
this is it  win or get owned  the choise is mine to make  lol
"so who's up for some volleyball, ultimate frisbee, and possibly soccer  at longacre part tomorrow?"
"volleyball, ultimate  frisbee, and possibly soccer  at longacre part tomorrow!!!! come on people  you know you want to  all is invited "
"ok everyone we might have gotten own by the weather today but we will do this another day  in the mean time i will prefer to this upcoming day as project \lust for longacre\""  lol"""
wow  just wow       lol
     it is amazing how crazy some people are 
"this is going to be amazing  come on people project \lfl\""  you know you want too go!!!"""
evil must die 
i gotta believe!!!
road house 
i think i'm going to try for project lfl today lol
had fun hanging with nate and <propfemale> tonight  but still won't be joining the side of evil  justice wins!lol
sssooooooo  park anyone?lol
so i have to go to the st  <propfirst> <propmale> museum for a project before tuesday  who wants to come with?lol
ok people! zoo and st  <propfirst> <propmale> museum tomorrow! so who wants in? i would say saturday but its going to rain    lol
damn you sephiroth!!!!!!!
hmmm  looks like i'm going it alone tonight   sad 
          i won't let it end like this      we are too great of friends to let it end like this 
it ain't over yet      but i've made some <propmale> progress  all will be cleared up later on today      but for now i need to sleep 
ok      this is the hardest part 
well looks like its a solo mission to the st  <propfirst> <propmale> museum 
        damn i'm an idiot lol
just got done hanging out with ace and jt   wrestlemania was pretty good 
must get job        need job bad lol
if i fail on my face then i just have to keep on trying until i get good results 
its showtime!!!!!!
happy easter to all facebook! off to church i go lol
i need to grow up      
what is wrong with me? i can't even pass a simple biology class 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the one's who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? april is cancer awareness month! say a prayer  smile "
i got a job         victory!!!!!!!!!
sometimes i wonder just how intelligent i really am       
well       that was short lived lol
for some reason i am really starting not to care about certain things       that is really bad lol
its amazing how fast i do my work at the last minute lol
"the road not taken  i am going to try and not stress myself out with what i've should have done differently  i need to stop wanting to undo the past and strive for what can be  a better future  but the question is  will everyone respect the choice i've made or will they resent me for it  find out on the next episode of \the life and times of <propfirst> johnson!!!\"" we're getting towards the climax people so stay tune """
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!!!
is getting own by the common cold      lol
i'm soooooo pissed off right now!!!!
nintendo is kicking some <propmale> ass at e3 this year!!! what does sony have in store i wonder?lol
i soooooo hate my brother right now!!!! lol
i feel like taking a trip to find of where parts unknown really are  anyone wanna come with?lol
what is true justice i wonder     
to all you dads out there happy fathers day!
yeah       my ankle is in pain lol
"there are two things in this world that i just can not stand! lies and \evil and lies and   bell peppers!"
omae wa mo shindeiru     
should i go for it      
this is very tiresome      lol 
well finally done with that lol
i should had went for that swim to canada while i had the chance        lol 
i will lose this freaking weight dammit it!!!!!
im i the only one that thinks sonic 3 has the best music out of all the sonic games?lol
       victory 
        
i must believe in the heart of the cards       if i am to sell these bitches i must believe in the heart of the cards lol  laugh 
well       that was some fail lol
time to go into hermit mode        goodbye outside world lol
"i'm the best there is at what i do, but what i do isn't very nice "
it's clobberin' time!
what is a man? a miserable little pile of secrets! but enough talk   have at you!
<propfirst> osborn is a freaking prick lol
i need to do some repenting       in more ways than one 
"children\ with special needs don't have an illness, so there is not a cure and \it's definitely not contagious  they want what we all want    to be \accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this, but in honor \of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding    will \         you copy, paste, and leave this as your status for at least an \hour "
i am about to spend my day trying to come up with some witty catchphrases lol
as long as there is a glimmer of hope i will keep moving forward  i will not stop nor can i afford to       justice!!!
even i have my own insecurities  i just choose not to show them to anyone lol
casa <propmale> is open to the public as of 20 minutes ago lol
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale> thank you all for staying at casa <propmale> it was a great pleasure having you all! tell us what you think by text  as we are always try to improve on our services lol"
street fighter had me at hadouken!
thunder  thunder  thunder  thundercats hhhhhhhhoooooo!!!!!!!
argh shit i need to practice now!!
i need a training montage of me getting better at street fighter  or the hyperbolic time chamber  to <propfemale>'s lookout!!!lol
one will rise… one will die… one will lead… one will sacrifice… all will unite 
my friends and family          you guys give me the strength to keep fighting the good fight  thank you all  justice!!!!
you know i just realized that if i had took a few wrong turns in my life i could have turn out to be a real psycho      lol 
my ally is the force 
its a long road 
"here's the mail, it never fails \\it makes me want to wag my tail \\when it comes i want to wail mail!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
winners don't use drugs  said the arcade machine 
i am the cold steel   the blade that will restore balance to this world!
ooohhhh snap it tournament time!!!! hadouken!!!
alright      may the goddess of victory shine upon me as i fight these series of battles  justice away!!!!!!!
thunderstorms are awesome!!
"a\ person has 100 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i \know that 97% will not repost as their status but i know my friends \willbe the 3%  even for one hour in honor of those that died from cancer\ and the those still fighting it"
be just and punish the unjust 
words can not even describe how incompetent i feel right now 
i don't care want what anyone says  i want <propfirst> bearer at my birthday party  and he's going to sit in a corner and make crazy faces at people lol
happy halloween people  stay safe out there 
i am currently out of commission due to what is the common cold      ugh  defeat is such a bitter taste lol
"it really annoys me when people group other people together base on what some are doing or what have done at one time  example \why do insert group name do this?\""   implying that the people within the group does that or whatever  thus making a stereotype for that particular group  it even make me even angrier when its not true  i am not just implying this towards race  towards things in general """
heartburn         owww 
omg i feel like dookie right now     no pun intended lol
heartburn is a very horrible thing           
don't mess with <propfirst> rambo 
"darn you freaking <propfirst> and <propfemale> for getting me addicted to how i met your mother  i really hate you both    with much love, <propfirst> <propmale> aka justice "
argh why is everyone doing this q and a now         alright send a question to my inbox and i'll answer it  and i do have the right to decline a question if i think its too whacked out  but you shouldn't have to worry about that because thats only in the most extreme cases lol
\i am the white void  i am the cold steel  i am the just sword  with \,76a3a334ce25865c77427a2bc739489c,       yeah i don't play the villain too well 
heh im not one to show school spirit often but go lancers 
i have good friends 
god i love street fighter 
may you all have a just thanksgiving!
that food was awesome         this pain is worth it 
can't make friends out of everyone lol
which blazblue character are you? -- my result: hakumen  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 252909 referrals status?aid=1268711908
i feel sorry for the miz girl  but is so darn funny lol
anyone who has live and wants to add me do so lol
people need to stop rage quitting 
yup      im pretty pathetic lol
i want to start hanging with friends who i havent seen in a while  if you feel apply hit me up lol
ranma is freaking awesome lol
ah darn        i really hope it doesn't turn out that way 
its time for the reunion of game night  i've been looking forward to this for quite some time now 
argh why can't i sleep      
that subway sandwitch was like a party in my mouth lol
that was a good way to start off the reunion  but it was only day one  more action is on its way 
hahahahahaha  x-men welcome to die!
i have great comrades in arms 
how may failures can a man take before he starts to feel like one himself? find out in the next episode of justice!
may you all have a blessed and justice filled christmas or should i say happy holidays 
guile's theme does in fact go with everything lol
that was some awesome stuff lazer tag and dennys  still mad that they didm't give me my <propfemale> apple crisp though 
damn you red ring of death!!!
heh some relationships are worth staying dead  and some are worth reviving lol
ugh       why am i tired?lol
maybe i should stop playing around when having a serious conversation  people might start to take me seriously after that 
that weather almost kicked my ass again       
now all i need is a crazy snowball fight of mass destruction  anyone game?lol
all good things must end at some point  its a shame 
ok me and my great ally ace hawkins want to have a massive snowball fight a longacre on sunday  any one who is game hit us up  oh and he said if you come your lives may be forfeited by the likes of him  just a warning lol
again people snowball fight longacre sunday! all is invited but you may die though   wink 
people let it be known       procrastination can kill  repeat procrastination can kill 
"if i say something then i mean it  not the opposite  i'm not the type of person to play mind games  also, don't assume  if you don't know something then ask "
so you want to be a pokemon master?
im starting to succumb to dark temptations      no pun intended lol
all of this snow is really pissing me off lol
i've learned a very powerful lesson yesterday  never eat pizza that just got the oven in less than a minute  it will burn your mouth! and yes i was worth it lmao
now you face doom!!!
thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday! im very blessed to have you all in my life! justice!!!
