24c7d3b657b0e88cbcea2f2e9d5469cc
"maybe it's just because i'm a girl, but what the hell is <propfemale> fox doing on the cover of ew for transformers 2?  what the hell did she do last movie?  (you know, besides cause erections and wet dreams )"
thinks the process of going to college is way more complicated than it has to be 
"would like 6 hours of her life back, please   (damn you, nge )"
"thinks \crashing parties\"" is not in the book of etiquette """
your back hurts?  your back hurts?  welcome to my world 
"woah!  another one?!  okay, who's the one who wished for all the celebrities to start dying?"
"\don't believe in yourself!  believe in me -- who believes in you!\"""""
sigh   
hmm     what should i watch next?
w00t!!!  pary at <propmale>' house!!!   laugh   everyone can come!!!
can't spell or speak english good no more 
"so   can i start working yet, or what?"
damn   hanging out was a lot easier when we were in school   at least then we all had the same schedule   
got her housing assignment from asu today!  yay for roommates!   laugh 
"let's see     my family didn't get a computer until 1990; and even then, we didn't get the internet until about 1992   which means i didn't have computer internet access for about 10-12 years of my life      wow, what the hell did i do to entertain myself"
"let's see    my family didn't get a computer until 2000; and even then, we didn't get the internet until about 2002  which means i didn't have computer internet access for about 10-12 years of my life     wow, what the hell did i do to entertain myself? i"
"\happy <propmale> erickson day!  yingin-hinga-dinga!\"""""
is finally going camping this weekend (7 30--8 1)!  w00t~!!!   laugh   so no texts and no internet!  see everyone on sunday!   wink 
"is getting kind of tired of this whole vampire craze   seriously   (damn you, twilight )"
is leaving for asu in a little over a week and a half!  holy shit!  really?!  *stresses out*
"\they was upset 'cause   'they didn't have any friends '  there were six of them   !     i didn't have six friends in high school!  i don't have six friends now!\"""""
doesn't work at all this week?  uh   happy birthday   ?
"\let's celebrate our materialism!\""   wink """
"dang   narrators for tv shows are old school now, aren't they?"
lol wut?
"what are all these \countdowns until college\"" and \""leaving in 2-3 days\""?!  what?!  we're college freshmen?  what?!  how come no one told me this?!?!"""
wants to bring the roof to ground on the dance floor!
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes!   laugh   and thanks for the party and gifts!  i miss everyone already    sad 
's dorm doesn't have water at the moment!  wtf?!
why is facebook being stupid?   sad 
hopes everyone has a great first day of classes!   laugh 
just wants some familiarity 
hates reading for her human event class!
"lost her phone!!! d:  (well, \misplaced\"" i guess   i think i know where it is )  in any case: ah!"""
wonders how sta is doing   
got her phone back!  yay!   laugh 
lol @ twilight: new <propfemale> trailer hype 
"chocolate chip pancakes and camp sparky, followed by a ssbb tournament!  w00t!  busy friday, indeed    laugh "
lol   calm down 
has a human event paper she should be working on   boo 
the great thing about first drafts is that they can suck but you still get credit for it 
what the hell is farmville and why should i care?
totally wasn't paying attention 
needs to pick a movie to analyze for her fms 100 midterm   any suggestions?
wants skype too!  d:
wants to see paranormal activity   why haven't i heard about his movie?
is going camping this weekend!  be back sunday!   laugh 
is back!  (and has never been so happy to have a toilet and running water )
has never been so happy for a toilet and running water 
only one more midterm!   laugh 
"\why must we meet in the shadows of paris?\"""""
is wondering what the heck she's gonna do for thanksgiving   anyone else stuck at asu that weekend?
still hasn't gotten the <propfemale> of this   
really doesn't feel like reading the politics of aristotle 
"magic is srs bsns, yo!"
"haha, wow   keeping up with the plot of the venture bros  is getting as difficult as keeping up with lost "
hates reading for human event!  sad 
is just chillin' until dinner tonight!   laugh 
"is getting confused my facebook's new layout   what's the difference between \news feed\"" and \""live feed\""?"""
is taking a nap and then dinner and a movie   long night again!
had an awesome weekend!   laugh 
"well, fuck you too, facebook!"
"doesn't know what to be for halloween   i mean, the last time i dressed up, i was, like, 7   "
does anyone know what happened to mr  kiolbassa?
is gonna be pissed off if it's still this cold tomorrow and saturday 
crap 
really needs to get focused    playful 
is talking to her bestest <propmale>!!!
is stilling talking to her bestest <propmale>!!!
"is hungry!  darn you, late-opening dining hall!"
why is there a giant monkey in the dining hall   ?  you know what; i really don't wanna know 
"shouldn't be this homesick from hearing an advertisement for abc's freakin' \25 days of christmas\"" countdown   thing   (can i go home yet?)"""
how awesome is it that i don't have class tomorrow?   laugh 
is finding it really hard to care about her human event essay   
"so that human event essay i had to write?  the one i've been working on for the past 2 hours?  yeah, it's not due until next week   fml "
it's too early for hon 171 
so is it gonna stay cold from now on?   sad 
is not watching new <propfemale> tonight 
"wants to go to \not so silent night\"" too!"""
is glad everyone's back from thanksgiving weekend!   laugh 
"hopes she does well on her final spanish oral exam   \why is it in spanish?!\"""""
doesn't have anything christmas-like to wear tomorrow   
"why is it so cold?!  d,:"
anyone know any good movies in which i can analyze its representation of class or gender?  or anyone know of a good remake?
nom nom nom 
should probably study for her final exams instead of having breakfast at 10 at night 
"it's such a nice day outside today   why do i have to be inside writing an essay?  ),:"
if only starbucks was open 24 7   
just has one more final and then she can go home!   laugh 
's phone is on the <propmale>   sorry!   playful 
"holy crap, did i just finish all my finals?  and i can go home?!"
"is at the airport heading home!  goodbye for now, asu!  and hello real mexican food!   laugh "
is back in san <propfirst> and wants to <propfemale> out!
is going out with friends tonight!  finally!   laugh 
is christmas shopping today!
"is in ur facebookz, joining ur groupz "
is finally catching up on her shows 
tried to e playful lain the concept of facebook to her mom   status: fail 
wishes she knew what the hell to do with her hair   :[
yay for baby!jesus!  he's my favorite jesus    wink 
"what?!  saw <propfemale> isn't at the dollar movies anymore?!  dammit, i missed it!"
"hasn't worked out in forever   now that the holidays are almost over, i don't have any more excuses "
"go, speed racer, go!"
is having lunch at <propmale>'s today for the first time in months 
is starting to miss that nice arizona weather   
"college night at cowboys?  hell yeah, i'll be there!"
"guess i should clean my house room if people are coming over tomorrow, huh?"
good luck to everyone going back to school today!
zodiac 
"do they even have sex on \jersey shore\""?  all i've seen is them fighting   at least the \""real world\"" had sex and fighting """
packing    sad 
"still needs to do a hundred of things, but is just glad to be in her dorm   with her luggage "
"<propfirst> giacchino composes the best stuff, i swear "
so   much   reading   
"has a crappy gaydar   sorry, but ya'll are gonna have to tell me, 'cuz i really can't tell "
tucker <propmale>   lol wut?
is super excited for lost tonight!   laugh 
slept in and still feels tired 
   the super bowl's tomorrow?  ;p
google docs is confusing 
why am i suddenly starting to like <propfirst> lambert?
the new layout kind of scares me   
is tired of her english essay already 
141 12
anyone have anything planned for spring break?
why?
didn't think lost could get any more confusing   you'd think after six seasons i would have stopped underestimating j  j  abrams   
why are all my essays due at the same time?
"so much to do, so little enthusiasm "
tumblr   someone tell me what this is 
"hasn't played a video game in forever!  seriously, i'm going through withdrawals "
"\hey!  don't call me fat you fucking jew!\""  \""eric!  did you just say the f-word?!\""  \""   jew?\""  best lines ever    laugh """
probably has a virus on her laptop   fml 
's laptop lives again!   laugh   this calls for lost episodes!
has to take a science course next semester   blegh    playful 
should really start figuring out how she's gonna store all her stuff for the summer 
"didn't totally bomb her honors essay, apparently "
"tomorrow's friday!   laugh   that means no meat!  (haha, don't forget like i did last week )"
"silly viewers, deciding awards based on the quality of the movie alone is for sundance   they do things a little differently in <propfirst> town "
spring break: so close   yet so far away 
"actually heard the kumbia kings today on the radio   where, you might ask?  in back of the kitchen of the papa <propfirst>'s where i was eating dinner   haha, so yeah "
spring break is finally here?!  yes!!!   laugh 
"\sumimasen\"" is fun to say """
"just realized she isn't going to have a decent meal for a week   haha, someone come feed me!"
poor agave   how many fire alarms has that dorm had this year?   laugh 
doesn't want to do the homework she should've done over spring break 
this really needs to stop 
wants to take a nap 
"\'pc load letter'?  what the fuck does that mean?!\"""""
los examenes   ):
"miley <propmale> is in \the last song\""?  i didn't know she acted!   playful """
"it's easter, yo   can you dig it?"
"haha, is it bad that i respond better to someone yelling at me than someone calmly getting mad at me? i blame my childhood and its lack of ponies "
today's going pretty well so far  i'm impressed 
really needs to get her ass in gear 
my youtube account got suspended   lol wut?
foodstuffs 
"well, that was just pathetic "
what's with all the bugs? they're annoying 
is behind on lost! d: must watch episodes this weekend 
"fiesta starts tomorrow?!  why the hell am i still in az?!  d,:"
is so happy that it's thursday 
actually feels like drinking this weekend 
you're an immigrant!
"should probably run or something today   you know, to at least look productive "
"just got another bad habit  thanks, college!"
"eat, nap, or homework?"
facebook is confusing me again 
"everyone seems to be pleasantly busy today, if that makes sense "
mpaa fuckin' pisses me off 
"hopes all those sta seniors have fun at prom!   laugh   (for the rest of us, well     *insert nostalgia here wink "
"was first afraid, then petrified "
what the hell's with all this work i gotta do tomorrow?  aren't sundays for relaxing?   sad 
"the sb 1070 <propmale> would pass while i'm still in az, haha   so if i don't come home on time, all of ya'll know why "
"had some good, intense discussions tonight "
"even though i have a lot of work to do, i'm not really that stressed  i can't tell if this is a good thing or a bad thing   "
did ya'll know that snuggies are just bathrobes turned backwards???  ;p
"got smoke in her eye, lol   now i'm, like, half blind   like this:  >___o"
"is so disappointed that \the coldest winter ever\"" is fiction """
is so busy this weekend -- and not the fun kind of busy   why?!
has her first final test today!
"knows she fails at life in general   yeah, thanks for pointing that out   again "
finished her last class of the semester!  laugh  now it's just finals and then home 
study   write   pack   home 
"is hungry, but doesn't feel like eating  if that makes sense "
just two more finals to go!
"scrapbook, yo "
"human event paper or packing?     wow, both sound so exciting "
"\who wouldn't want to have sex with batman?\""  \""but!  there'd be no emotion in it; he wouldn't want to get attached   he'd be gone before you woke up \""  \""so?  it's batman   i've had worse one night stands \"""""
"it's a sad, sad day   ),:"
is all alone with no roommate   too much space!  d:
"spanish final, here i come!"
"oh snap!  i'm officially done with finals and my first year of college   time to pack and head home, yo!   laugh "
"all i gotta do is make it through the airport and i'm home free  don't ask me for my papers, airport security man!"
is back home in san <propfirst>  it's time for some tacos and a nap!
"i'm only here a day, and it's already the apocalypse outside  what?"
"haha, i love how <propmale> chappelle talks   laugh "
"is cutting her hair tomorrow   like, super short   see how this works "
"can't wait until \toy story 3 \""  laugh """
is going to run tomorrow   no really      stop laughing 
"\i see a little silhouetto of a man   \"""""
"finally caught up with \lost \""  can't wait for the series finale on sunday!"""
"has an interview tuesday at seaworld  if i'm lucky, they'll ask me to pee in a cup!"
"ok, since i've been asked several times (7), if i were to have another movie night, which night would be good for everyone?  i assume friday again?"
"lost series finale in 20 minutes   this is the highlight of my summer, yo    laugh "
"enjoyed the lost finale and is sad to see it end   but the ending was great, so it'll do   (,:"
is now officially employed!
"wow, \slam dunk\"" is actually really good   though it probably helps that basketball is a sport i understand """
"finally saw that <propfirst> beiber clip where he doesn't know what <propmale> is   i may hate the guy, but even i was embarrassed for him "
"didn't do anything this weekend   haha, why am i so lazy?"
feels like playing her n64   so i will    laugh 
looks like a janitor  guess i'm ready for work!  laugh 
"feels like sleeping  these breaks at 4 am are gonna be a problem, haha "
2010 mtv movie awards 
"if anyone wants to text me between 4 and 5 am, go for it   laugh "
"started her four straight days of work today   will i survive until saturday?  haha, even i don't know "
"doesn't get paid until tuesday   seriously, seaworld?  wtf "
"you'd think someone over 50 years old wouldn't act like a whiny child  then again, this is seaworld   "
doesn't know what movies to watch for the movie night 
literally just slept all day and now has to go to work in an hour   at least i'm off tomorrow   
waffles!   laugh 
can't wait to go camping!
"what would you do: kick a puppy or punch a baby?  you must choose   (i'd punch the baby, fyi )"
"only has one day off this week   darn you, fourth of july week   end!"
is in pain  can i go home now?
"got drenched at work   it was pretty fun, haha "
really wants to go to fiesta texas or something 
is going camping and won't be back until thursday!  laugh  see ya!
is back from camping! time for a shower and a nap 
"does not want to go into work tonight   ),:"
"\f is for fire that burns down the whole town   u is for uranium   bombs!  n is for no survivors when you--!\"""""
it embarrasses me to see usher and <propfirst> bieber in the same music video 
put her 2 weeks in today   last day of work: august 1st!   laugh 
hopes work doesn't suck today 
just realized how much she gets hit on at work  i'm not sure whether to be flattered or a little creeped out 
anyone know where i can buy sesame street stuff? like a magnet or a plushie?
"yay, my book came in: \the name above the title: an autobiography\"" by <propfirst> capra   should be really interesting!"""
"it's kind of depressing how slow i clean, even after 2 months "
only 5 more days of work left! i can do this!
"with only 3 days left of work, i would find a way to mess things up "
"it's the last day of work tonight   i'm so happy, but so sad to be leaving my coworkers   sorry, guys!  d,:"
is finally free from seaworld!
is not used to being awake during the day 
"needs to find new shows to watch, but is too lazy to actually watch any "
finally turned in her uniform and id for seaworld   i guess i am officially without a job    laugh 
asu is messin' up my financial aid a week before it's supposed to be disbursed   yeah   thanks for that 
"wonders why it takes 40 minutes to plan an evening with <propmale> <propfirst> , <propfemale> <propfemale> ybarra , and <propmale> sanchez  (and maybe <propfemale> sandoval )   now my head hurts   good night "
"asu fixed my financial aid!  (quickly, for once )  yay!  laugh "
got her dad a new ipod touch for his birthday   damn those things are really nice   now i want one 
"so apparently i look angry all the time and i'm dominating   also, i slam car doors   (sorry )  is this true?  how come no one tells me these things?!"
leaves in 2 days! ah!
doesn't feel like packing 
"is leaving for arizona! see ya, san <propfirst>!  laugh "
is finally at asu!  smile 
"wow, i can literally feel myself burning under the sun  i guess i am back in arizona "
so who's going to that concert tonight?
has her first day of classes tomorrow   on a thursday      what?
is off to her first class of the semester! yay!(?)
"having no phone reception in my dorm room is starting to piss me off   why must you suck in az, at&t?"
let's see how this tattoo thing works 
excercised this morning and now time to eat some breakfast   today's starting off great!  hopes everyone has a great first (full) week of school    laugh 
you're killin' me here  blackboard  you're killin' me 
refuses to have a repeat of last semester 
it's too early in the year for this 
is hungry and so tired  can't i just eat and sleep at the same time?
should just get netflix and stop putting if off 
is very much impressed and amused by the guys singing in the <propmale> courtyard 
is completely caught up in her homework   and it's not 2 am!
"too bad \lost\"" didn't win anything at the 2010 emmys """
it's interesting how people notice that i'm part native american before they notice i'm mexican  i guess because they're more common here   ?
"it's only just now september? school's gonna go by slow this semester, isn't it?"
feels like going camping or hiking or something this weekend 
they didn't close off the streets for first friday  weird 
"helping at the football game all day! well, here we go   "
really needs to stop it with the low self-esteem 
should just speak spanish all day one day and see what happens 
"way to act like a total spazz, <propfemale> "
freakin' anthropology lab  it's so confusing!
"doesn't want to do two honors contracts this semester, but i really just wanna get them over with "
"\the venture bros \"" returns tonight!!!  so excited!   laugh """
"oh man, it was the human event all over again  well, at least i wasn't trying to say rousseau "
"why do you hate me so, internet? haven't i always been good to you?"
so src is having a badminton singles tournament on friday (09 17) and i totally want to do it    laugh 
where can i buy az or asu postcards?
the fire alarm is going off at the mu? i guess it's burning down again 
is going to be playing in the badminton singles tournament today at 7 pm!  come join me!
depth perception: my only weakness 
should be studying for her two tests tomorrow   but sleep is looking like a much better option   
"why is it that whenever you need want decided to do homework, that's when the computer messes up on you?!"
"wow, today just isn't going my way "
"\i don't know; you don't know; nobody does   so i guess i'll give it a try   i don't know; you don't know; nobody does   but i feel like that's all right!\"""""
wants to be a cheerleader for halloween 
loves staying up late working on homework she should've done hours ago 
the day's finally over  thank god 
"kind of really wants to go to <propfirst> <propmale>'s and <propfirst> colbert's rallies   haha, just think how awesome it would be "
"saw some pigeons mating on the <propmale> lawn  i was like, \get a room  no one wants to see that \"""""
needs to do her homework  anyone wanna join me?
is so happy it's friday!
rain   ? what is this rain you speak of?
will one day not turn in her fms 110 discussion board post 20 minutes before it's due 
of course it wouldn't rain the day i remember my jacket 
has her first midterm today! w00t!
is excited for cci tomorrow!  (but doesn't feel like packing )
will be camping all weekend!   laugh   so i won't answer any texts calls facebook stuffs until sunday evening   everyone have a good weekend!
"is back from camping and had the best time ever!   laugh   thanks, <propfemale> adams!  (pictures will be up soon )"
"all i wanna do is upload some pictures, facebook   why you gotta be like this?"
doesn't really want to study for her midterm 
asm 104 was really interesting today  fun fact: humans are more promiscuous than gorillas 
"\community\"" is such a good series   but also makes me realize my considerable lack of (recent) pop culture knowledge """
studying  just two more midterms to go!
"\but i crumble completely when you cry   it seems like once again you've had to greet me with goodbye   \"""""
this test is gonna suck  fml 
yup  just totally failed my asm 104 test  yay for not studying!
sleep is for the weak 
hates labs  what is their point?
"finished \slam dunk \"" on to the next anime manga! which should be   ?"""
was supposed to work on some homework today   yeah   about that   
is kind of starting to stress out   just a little 
"rally to restore sanity and or fear, yo "
monday already? can't we just skip to friday?
oh      oops 
just declared women and gender studies as her minor! w00t!  laugh 
"so much to do and so little time   facebook, you're not helping "
no fun this weekend   got lots of stuff to do!
feels like dancing!
"ugh   you're killing me, fms 270   you're killing me "
"no! it's getting cold, even during the day!"
is gonna enjoy her day off tomorrow    smile 
classes on friday     why   ?!
uh oh  that homesick feeling is starting to come around again   
"\i walked across an empty land; i knew the pathway like the back of my hand      is this the place we used to love?  is this the place that i've been dreaming of   ?\"""""
fml 
"it's a really nice day  good for just finding a nice spot to read or people watch, you know?"
"who freakin' has a test on the wednesday before thanksgiving?  i mean, really   once again, you're killing me, spa 202; you're killing me "
happy thanksgiving!  laugh 
"man, i really hate the cold weather  can't even sit outside without freezing "
can i go home yet?
"jesus christ, <propmale> wise  you're going to give me a heart attack "
crossing the road is scary 
hates school and my computer so much right now 
wants a new computer 
no more classes! now just 5 tests and one paper stand between me and san <propfirst> 
"what's with the \number statuses?\"""""
writing this stupid women's studies essay is making me want to study for my tests on monday and tuesday   i want to study   omg finals week i hate you so much 
"had so much fun last night!   laugh   but now i have to study for my 3 finals tomorrow   d,:  (but thanks <propfemale> miller for the ride last night   and thank you, <propmale> lusk, for the entertainment that is you cleaning your motherfucking house )"
"so hungry  darn you, spa 202!"
if only it were that easy 
is finally done with her finals! all i gotta do now is edit this paper and i can go home   tomorrow morning 
goodbye asu! see you in a month!
why does facebook take so long to upload photos?
senate is going to repeal dadt?  finally 
"i would go to college in the crazy, violent state "
is heading back to az!  laugh 
"my film professor, in describing someone who wasn't good at writing, said, \she wasn't the brightest knife in the crayon box \"" my film classes never fail to disappoint me """
"we film majors fail at literature, lol "
why is it so <propfemale> and cold?  i thought i was in az!
doesn't know whether to live on campus or get an apartment next semester 
<propfemale> miller and <propfemale> <propfemale> are the greatest people ever    laugh 
"how am i supposed to avoid the temptation that is starbucks when they're everywhere? darn you, capitalism!"
"man, no respect for tx up here "
wants to go see a play 
wants to do something for spring break 
"when people call, why does no one leave messages anymore?"
"<propfirst> savage  mu 241  6 pm  be there, yo "
i had nothing intelligent to say to <propfirst> savage    fail 
"no, netflix, i do not want to merge my facebook account with my netflix account   i swear, why are we still using social security <propfirst>?  we might as well just make facebook accounts for everyone when they're born "
it would rain today   ]:<
philosophy? in my film class? it's more likely than you think 
film students are the nicest people ever   i'm so proud of my <propmale>!   laugh 
"came dangerously close to being pretentious to other people about their analysis of a film   no!  i don't want to be that kind of film student   if you ever hear me say anything, please call me out on it   thanks "
so tired   
"does anyone have a house i could use for shooting my midterm film project in?  it would be saturday and sunday, during the day, with about 7--8 people, including me "
there's a guy across from me in the library that's wearing a black cowboy hat   i wanna ask him where he's from and that it looks awesome 
"wants to go to camp sparky cci!!!  stupid film midterm     ),:<"
"does anyone have the movie \the town\"" i could borrow tomorrow?"""
films her midterm today! i'm super excited (even though i could've gone camping)! but hopefully everything goes well!
just found in iphone in her backpack  no joke 
what's a fun elective to take?
"\what do you wanna eat?\""  \""i don't know; but we can't eat meat today \""  \""   so does that mean we can have taco bell?\""   laugh """
has anyone taken a psychology class?
has lots to do before the trip to ca on monday!
"is off to san <propmale>, ca! see y'all when i come back on thursday!  laugh "
took over 500 photos on her trip to california   this is going to be interesting   
"why are you so old, my laptop? d,:"
"y u so slow, internet?"
"probably just freakin' failed her fmp midterm   i swear, this is just like intro to screenwriting   it's a good thing i'm not an fmp student or i would've been kicked out the door a long time ago "
hay mucho español en facebook hoy 
is going to the phoenix film festival tonight!  w00t!   laugh 
there's a fight going on in the parking lot of a liquor store  what a surprise 
is actually not failing her film class!  this is a miracle!
so much reading to do!
"entire asu campus blackout? man, there budget cuts are intense "
"entire asu campus blackout? man, these budget cuts are intense "
classes after 5 pm ruin everything  especially when they're 3 hours long 
the passing train always reminds me of home for some reason 
fire alarm at the <propmale> library; that's a first 
"what should a <propfemale> do when every student is angry with the grade she gave them? if you know the answer, please come to my film class, lol "
does anyone know where you can fax something on campus?
i officially have no more classes!
no more quiet nights at the library   
"wow, \inuyasha\"" has a pretty awesome musical score """
hates packing 
anyone need boxes for packing storage?  i got three extra 
<propmale> check out is a bitch 
everyone's graduating!  laugh 
"goes back home to san <propfirst> tomorrow!  (or rather, today!)"
"misses everyone from camp sparky already   d,:"
is finally home! finally 
needs a job 
ugh  what is this humidity?
my birthday present wishlist: getting in debt with <propfemale> <propfemale> ybarra and <propfemale> sandoval    laugh 
"how do i connect my laptop to my tv?  or, how would i begin trying to do this?"
has a job interview at h-e-b tomorrow   hopefully it goes well!
"oh, '80s movies  you and your (unconscious ) displays of homoerotocism "
"there breaks at work are killing me  i can't even enjoy them, i'm so not used to them "
is going camping today! see y'all when i get back saturday!
"this is walmart, not a bank, people  so the change i give you is the change i give you "
"\the venture bros \"" marathon? don't mind if i do """
"is in tempe, az!  laugh "
"anyone want a cool mini fridge?  it's free!  if you can get it from my apartment to wherever you are, you can have it   (please, someone take it off my hands )"
it's always cute to see guys enjoy zumba too 
how am i suddenly so busy already? it's only the end of the first week!
what is up with the weather in tempe?
"have nothing to do sunday morning? want to be an extra in a web series? well, here's your <propmale>! the aum's law is going to be shooting tomorrow (sept  4) at 9 smile 0 am in the farmer education building (<propmale>) in room #326! come have a great time with other film extras and get e playful erience being on a set!"
do fraternities and sororities rush at the same time?
"is so, so glad it's friday "
"if it's not one thing, it's the other "
would make the world's worst biologist 
my laptop does not want me to enjoy life  or get work done 
"needs quarters for doing laundry  where does one get change in tempe? d,:"
is going to type her fms midterm essay!   laugh   any essay-writing music suggestions (besides the sound of my own boredom and frustration)?
wants to take a nap 
<propfemale> and i are going to go karaoke this saturday at around 10 pm at a bar on mill avenue!   laugh   anyone's welcomed to join us!  but be forewarned: we're probably going to stay there until 2 am cuz we like badly singing '90s songs that much 
really shouldn't be eating so many nachos at 1 am 
finished all my midterms!  now to stress about if i did well on them or not for the next week    laugh 
"what happened to my saturday?!  i haven't been productive at all!  d,:"
