32618b5dd4d7da453c93c7987aa190ca
feeling better now finally! wrecked on my bike last sunday- 3 ct head scans later - they tell me the craziness is just inborn 
watching <propmale> season 4 opener- get'em dex!!!
i'm one of the lone teeth left on the street  piece by piece the buildings around me are being taken down  feel a bit more e playful osed 
just successfully pitched a 3d infused website! i'll post it when it launches (dec )- i'll get you glasses too!!
up late- no work tomorrow for me- yes!
inspired to finally take my books out of boxes and in to the bookcase  wow that feels good~
absinthe and wine make a great combination!!!! happy thanksgiving!!!!!
why am i still working!!! im sick  kiss 
22 degrees bike ride went great today!! had to ride through some water and thankfully didn't loose my footing- wet feet on a day like today would have spelled big trouble 
worked out and rocked out- it might be my favorite combo
ate all the food in my house (over a few weeks of course!)  just have a few almonds left  this is tottally a game for me  not only does it force me to eat my super healthy foods but l always have lower food <propmale> that month when i do it  win!!
via pip pullen-swope -average days of public school education: international: 200; us: 180; proposed kentucky: 175 
"just broke my bathroom mirror  in trying to see who carries the mirror i learned that it's french and cost around $1,500  s#@t!"
i love seeing movies with my mom!! we watched shutter island which was good and then she woke up this morning with an epiphany about the whole story  it's dead-on and actually fulfilled why it would be called a near masterpiece by scorsese  unbelievable- yay mom!
"on the walk home today i met a homeless man, had a conversation about his favorite band (<propmale> and dun) and on parting he gave me a <propfemale>  then on my door was a bag full of magazines, given to me by my landlady  spring has sprung~"
"who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes \- carl\ <propfemale>"
"best compliment ever: \what are you like 18?\"" soming from a girl in my excerize class in a small evelvator yesterday  ahaaahaha- awesome- i needed that """
the theme song to the never ending story was playing in kroger tonight- somehow my purchases seemed more meaningful~
did you know… kentucky is the world’s largest manufacturer of peanut butter and peanut butter products between jif in lexington and algood foods here in louisville’s riverport?
45 high key business headshots over 3 days- wheeh- that's a lot of protography  wink 
