6748ec763cf7d4aee9e64e31fe1019a5
happy 4th of july to everyone! be safe and drink hearty my friends!
my iphone is gay! tried to get the new update and the stupid shit locked my phone again  i have my old phone but dont have everyone's number  text me with ur number so i can save it (847) 867-5792 thanx!
i havent been able to do anything for a week  my iphone was stolen last friday  thanks for all the invites  sorry i couldnt make it to any of them  send me texts to the same number with ur number cuz chances are i dont have it  just put ur name and ill know what it means  thanks and i hope everyone had a safe and fun halloween!
happy new years everyone!
is anti-socialism a disease?
blah   blah   blah   thats what i hear  i wish it made sense 
jebus save us all
my fine is $530 50
in my own scrubs marathon!
stuck in jury duty and boy does it suck!
"\but you asked me to love you and i did traded my emotions for a contract to commit sp when i got away i only got so far the onter me is dead\"""""
you told me to love you and i did  tired my soul into a knot and got me to submit  so when i got away i only kept my scars  the other me is gone  now i don't know where i belong    
today has been one on the toughest days of my life but i made it through  if i can resist a frickin holiday then i can quit!
"very sad day for slipknot fans everywhere! r i p <propfirst> our hearts goes out to you, your family, and the band!"
kane for the win! toews playoff mvp! whos the <propmale> cup champs? the motherfuckin blackhawks! suck it phillie!
"\what do the five fingers say to the face?\"" - <propmale> <propfirst>"""
fuck yo couch they shoulda <propfemale> gave you niggas money bitch fuck you darkness brothers
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes now if only this hangover would go away   
best bleach ever! 420 baby!
<propfirst> jenkees stay crunchy collab  feat 50 cent and jt is amazing  youtube it!
had a great night tonight  cant wait till the wedding cuz its gonna be awesome  hurry up march and be here already 
when life slips you a <propmale> be sure to find and rub the furry walls!
outside in this crazy storm shovelin this shit commin down but for 13 75 an hour its worth every second!  smile 
finally home from this thunderblizzard   smile  15 hours of shoveling and its good to be home!
nice little 3 day work week now maybe ill be able to sleep for more than 2 hours  one can only hope 
so tired guess ill sleep when i'm dead
what are you a girl or something?
wedding day countdown! 6 days!!!!
missed day five so    wedding day countdown! 4 days!!!!!
wedding day countdown! 3 more days !!!!
wedding day countdown! 2 days!!! cant wait to meet everybody!
wedding day countdown!!! 1 more day!!!
kudos and jealous ha ha
only a few more hours!!!!
its wedding day!!!
<propfirst> and staceys wedding was epic!
slept 19 hours today feels good 
getting sick sucks  fever of 100 & lots of mucus  boo hoo 
just wanna wish everybody a safe and happy st  <propfirst>'s day!
decided to start <propmale> from the beginning again  man this is a great show  ice truck killa 4 life 
bout to fire up <propmale> seasons four  hello <propfemale> killer 
so its five am and im still not tired  i hate insomnia 
