1a7cbf39f8e67423088a1c9d97a3514d
is looking forward to spending the entire weekend with my new computer       well probably not the entire weekend 
doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow 
"90 hour work week over   looking forward to next day off, not till thursday "
"is really exhausted, but is in need of a celebration next week   yay!"
is glad for a day 
is looking forward to friday 
is mildly surprised 
is actually looking forward to a vacation   this will be the first time in three years that i will have more than three days off at once   not to mention getting paid for it at the same time 
can't stand people that think its okay to be over two hours late when the time was set way in advance 
is angry and is not sure that i can wait until sunday to talk about it 
seriously! is everything a secrete!  if he wanted to know he could have looked it up himself!
yay for days off!
ugh!
"only three more days, after the next two days off, of work until five glorious days off "
"sometimes i wish time would just stand still   yet, it never does "
is officially on vacation starting     now!  no more target until monday!
is finally home 
"just got off work, and it was great   i have some great ideas for tomorrow and next month "
is starting to get angry that people do not call back   i have left four messages now 
is officially a weber state student again   will be starting in <propfirst> 
yay for fall! but man is it cold outside this morning 
wants to do something fun this weekend   any ideas?
is starting to get a cold 
is pissed   i cannot believe the lies that people tell just to get off 
is glad to have a day off after the week i had 
is in an amazing mood 
symptoms of influenza: 102 degree fever- the better to make you freezing and even the heating blanket on high doesn't help    throwing up- a reminder that even mild heartburn does not hurt this bad  sore throat- a great way to make you never want to talk again body aching- an excuse to stay in bed and never get out (but wait even your bed can't keep you warm this sucks
says goodbye to influenza and hello to the swine flu 
"is wondering when i will be able to stay awake for more than three hours at a time   ugh, i hate being sick!"
is excited for today 
sometimes wonder what people are thinking 
ugh!
is extremely angry at people that act like they are in the freakin 3rd grade   grow up!
is looking forward to her day of nothing tomorrow 
is putting up a christmas tree tomorrow 
"after a long day at work, it is finally nice to be off "
is looking forward to next friday 
wasn't nervous until today 
hates the snow   please go away 
happy thanksgiving 
yeah for this week being over!
off to save the world       one christmas tree at a time 
is starting to get nervous about starting a new position 
is looking forward to tomorrow 
is excited to start school again!
is glad that i have the next two days off 
is enjoying her weekend and planning on finishing her christmas shopping 
has new addictions called greek food and chai tea   yummy!
just finished a 10 5 hour shift   is tired and ready to go to bed only to start over tomorrow 
<propfemale> christmas!
"slowly saying good-bye to sleep   but welcoming books, homework, work, and no sleep "
is sick and tired of this snow 
happy new year!
black and white
"would like unlimited time so i can get everything in   this week 147 pages to read for school, a review assignment, a paper, 40 hours of work   sounds like my sleeping schedule is not going to happen like i want it to "
is  looking forward to this weekend!
is finding the drive to finish all my homework tonight instead of doing something fun 
is angry!
is going to enjoy my weekend off as much as i can  although i think my homework is going to take up most of it 
hopes everything turns out alright 
"needs to study, but sadly isn't "
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  put this in your status and put what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
is super excited! considering i didn't study as much as i needed to i still got a 100% on history and 92% on communication   yay!
is already looking forward to spring break 
"should have started studying last week, regretting that decision now   ugh!  why was homework ever invented "
wants this year to be over already 
has decided that i really don't want to <propmale> in business anymore   the hard part now is trying to decide what i want to do with my life   so many choices 
is glad that it is spring break   yay for no school 
has decided on a <propmale> 
is moving this summer out of state!
wonders why professors like to cram everything into the last month  ugh!
i forget how many people shop for easter at the last minute   holy people today   thank goodness my shift is over 
sucked it up and went to the doctor   turns out i have an ear infection in both ears and a sinus infection   if it wasn't for homework i would be sleeping 
"wishes this sick stuff would go away   although, i would settle for my ears to stop hurting "
it needs to me this time next week  then all my finals would be done and i could enjoy the great weather 
only 143 hours to go      
is thinking about studying for finals 
three finals down   only two more papers to write and one more exam 
do we really make mistakes?  or are they simply lessons in life that teach us about ourselves and what to do in situations?  but is there really a thing that is really a mistake?
"three finals and three papers down   only four more chapter to read, and then a final at 7 am   then freedom   until august "
would like the snow to go away   i'd settle for rain 
cut six and half inches off my hair today 
spent some quality time at our storage bin today   cleaning and throwing things out   moving is seriously a pain and a reminder that you have to get rid of crap 
is tired of all this april snowing   when will spring be here?
"just finished reading a good book   although, i hate reading books in a series   now i have to wait forever for the next one to come out!"
loves weekends off!  <propfemale> looking forward to this weekend 
        eight weeks and counting      
is looking forward to my 5 days off this week end   friday can you hurry up and be here already?!
is super excited!
is not looking forward to my 8 hour car ride on friday to colorado 
one more night of work until my five day vacation   off at 11 pm and up at 6 am to start driving 
there are trees everywhere 
"three rooms painted today  only one bedroom, a bathroom, and the hall left "
you know you are not in utah when there is traffic on sunday 
is not looking forward to the packing that is awaiting me in utah   ugh!
wisdom tip of the day: don't step on scews that are pointed side up  it freakin' hurts 
is finally home!
"a soldier, sailor, airman, and or <propfemale> is someone, who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, & including, their life  copy & paste this if u are thankful for ur freedom  thank you for your service and god bless!"
another fun filled weekend off of                                 packing and cleaning   i will be glad when this is all over 
went and saw <propmale> of persia today   it was a great movie!
it was a very interesting night at work   only one more closing night to go  followed by four very long day shifts   followed by a day of cleaning and a day of loading a moving <propfirst>   then a day of driving and a day of unloading a truck in co   in case you lost count that is 9 days 
"is exhausted   closed on saturaday, opened sunday, movie sunday night with a great friend as a goodbye for now thing, and work at 4am today   i need sleep   good thing i don't have to work until 330pm tomorrow "
last day of work was yesterday  i will truly miss everyone that i have worked with  it's been a long road and i will always remember  thank you to everyone and i'm sure we will meet again!
"has officially arrived in fort collins   only one 4 hour delay with my car  which was towed, and then found out that nothing was really wrong with it "
another day of unpacking is what i have to look forward to today   looking forward to being done 
will be spending my afternoon painting 
i am going to kill my car!
is glad that the packing is done with   now i can enjoy some time off   i am in need some of quality me time 
hate my contacts today 
box fans falling backwards into a window is never a good thing   my bedroom window that is broken is a good judge of that   good thing we were able to get it fixed today 
thinks interviewing is overrated   one more to go 
is impatient!
is looking forward to my days off this week   three days in a row      now to decide what i am going to do 
"officially has a new tl home at my new store, although i don't start training for twoish weeks "
doesn't have to be to work until 6pm   this busing event should be interesting 
has an entire weekend off             super excited          not about the homework that awaits me         but two days off is going to be amazing 
enjoyed some much needed shopping today 
"is a bit surprised, a little confused, but is hoping that it will all be clarified tomorrow   then hopefully it is what i am e playful ecting to hear "
alarm clock   because every morning should begin with a heart attack!
is becoming oh so proficient in the world of coffee 
should be an interesting night 
is glad that i have today off   now to get caught up on my homework 
"is glad that today is over   when you start your day with a wake up call from work saying the opener isn't there, you know it is not going to be fun  thank goodness it is over "
you know that you are a perfectionist when you are considering retaking a math test that you got a 95% on 
changed my picture to pink for breast cancer awareness! everyone else should too! you the go pink app!
"is excited that my best friend is coming home tomorrow! to bad that i am not going to be in utah to go to his homecoming, but i am excited either way "
hates that i get sticking 95% on every college trig test so far   i really would like to get 100% on at least one   ugh!
is not ready for next week!
today was not what i e playful ected and i am not looking forward to friday 
"is glad that toady is over   so glad i am off tomorrow, and am planning on sleeping and trying to feel better "
is spending my birthday in urgent care 
thanks for all the happy birthday wishes 
already ready for christmas to be over!
today is my friday   i am so looking forward to having the next two days off 
where's the snow!!
is going to spend some quality time with in my laundry room today 
<propfemale> christmas!
"it's been a long week, and i am looking forward to tomorrow off "
is super angry!
"is glad that everything at the school is all okay again   have the five day off, and am planning on doing something great with them "
is hoping my homework isn't going to take long tomorrow so i can enjoy my day off 
is not sure if waiting till the last minute to take my spanish test was a good idea   not to mention the fact that i think i only did mediocre on it to boot   i guess next week i need to start a little earlier on it 
