22e312271b3ca9006dafcc0dc686dbc6
party party party party!
happy new year everyone!
looking forward to spending the morning with my sexy hubby and sweet angel baby  looking forward to pancakes for breakfast  my hubby is such a great cook!
tired after spending almost all day cleaning
watching baby j push her highchair around the kitchen  its so cute to see her walking that way  she will be up and running circles all around me very very soon  lmao
its good to see you too  you look exactly the same as in high school  i went through some really rough relationships and now am married and have a 10month old angel doll baby 
i'm doing good  got married to anawsome man and have a 10month old angel  shes such a sweetheart 
lmao your such an ass but yes i finally broke down and did it and i can not believe how many people are on here  my hubby's entire family is on here and most of our friends and alot of the people that i use to talk to in highschool before i left in '03 
good morning world  its going to be a fun day!
what a gorgous ride the cherohala skyway is!
today is going to be another wonderfull day!   smile 
ugh not looking forward to what looks like more rain today  makes for making pancakes alot more fun this morning 
pancakes were fun this morning and it didnt rain  looks like opening the windows and letting the sunshine in today 
listening to baby j tell me all about spongebob and her puppy playing outside without her!
dang it  <propmale> popped another ball i bought for baby j to <propmale> around the house  grrrr  going to have to go buy a really good soccerball for the two of them to play with instead of the cheap plastic ones i have been buying 
watching her little budda belly get bigger as she eats her food  its so funny that she's 10months old and as big as her two 18month old cousins  shes my cute little buda baby  smile  can't help but love her especially when she's chasing <propmale> around the house trying to get him to play with her 
bath time for the baby!!!!!
almost made it through the whole night  she woke up round midnight but went back to sleep with in 10min  its a start to a long week ahead  ijust wish it would stop raining 
"so tired of cleaning house  need to finish the kitchen counters, the dishes, the laundry, the bathrooms, and the dusting in the living room and bedroom  same things everyday but it just never seems to stay clean  does it ever end? boo hoo  sad  lol just kidding but it does seem to never end  oh well need to stay busy with the baby and school and the house on the days i'm not working  can't really complain to much  smile "
almost finished with the cleaning  got some school work done durring nap time  never seems to be enough time to get everything done fast enough  wish i was superwoman sometimes so i could get through everything faster and have it all done 
just got home from work  ugh  need to clean again  mommy don't make me do it please? i don't want to clean my house  lmao at least is was a nice <propfemale> day for a while  made baby j happy to get out of the house for a little bit    smile   smile 
oh lordy lordy looks like its going to be another gorgous day in tn  smile  got homework to do  more house to clean and playtime outside with baby j would be nice if it would warm up a little bit today  maybe go see her cousins today for a little bit since we will be in that part of town for a while?
picking up the inlaws today from their trip to fl  can't wait to see the pics  its good to have them back home  and last nights surprise party for our friend was fun to go to  the food was great!  smile 
all the bathroom fixtures are raining down in both bathrooms  what is up with that? they are just randomly falling off the walls    sad  so not cool 
watching the <propfemale> and the frog again  going to watch my favorite version of thumbalina next while mommy does her homework and hopefully gets something turned into her school after taking so long on it  wish me luck!  smile 
feel like i've been standing for three days straight  need to sit   must play with baby though  she's running circles around me now that she's figured out she can walk    got to love the baby though  smile 
watching the baby do circles around the kitchen taking pony and <propfemale> along for the ride babbling the whole way sowing they everything there is to see in a kitchen  i love my kid so much  doesn't get much cutier  kinda partial though cause she is mine   wink 
"why do people complain about this new arizona law?if people want to get technical we have to \show our papers\"" i mean our drivers liscence everytime we get pulled over for a speeding ticket  so please someone tell me why enforcing what is already a federal law is so difficult? please don't get nasty on here it's merely for discussion """
"so tired but can't sleep and i have to be up and out the door by 6 smile 0 am  ugh its going to be a long fun day playing with the baby and the cousins  can't wait \p s  finally got a graded project for my computer class turned in  couldn't have taken longer to do  just hope the next 2 will go faster "
so tired but can't sleep  to much swirling around in my head to grasp or deal with and its causing me to lose to much sleep 
got a 100 on my graded project  just two more to go  maybe i havent lost all of my computer ech skills yet  lol
what a rough night  made it through with some sanity left now its time to wake up and clean up the house and do some school work and watch the little lady <propmale> the dog around the house(the best part of the whole day is doing it with daddy) 
i have one of the cutest kids ever  she was doing laps around the kitchen table this morning and then grabbed onto my robe and was trying to pull herself up by the tie  shes so funny  now shes helping mommy try and type and do her school work   smile 
shower and bathroom are finally clean but not without alot of protest from the little one  shes so cranky right now  keeps crying and bumping into things and crying more  i think someone needs a nap bad  got another project turned in for school  one more left and will have the class done  then on to finishing my english class  yippie  sad 
eeryone is in a much better mood after having a nap and eating some lunch  when she crabby and not happy mommy is crabby and unhappy which makes daddy crabby and unhappy  its funny how all your happiness is based off of the smallest person but the biggest personality in the family 
last project for school done and turned in as well as my first english test  sweet! so much accomplished school wise for me today  i feel like i actually got something done for school since march 
since when did playing in the oven and trying to hop into the dishwasher and constantly going into to the laundry room become her favorite things to do  she yels and crys and is so mean when i pull her away or tell her no! shes definately a strong willed child  gets it from her daddy  just wish i knew what she got from me 
june 19 there is going to be a memorial ride for the christian & newsome families  it will be starting at the hooters on merchants dr and ending at the hooters on alcoa hwy  would love to go and hope that everyone will come  this is a really great thing to show these two families that we love and support them through this really rough time after the trials  everyone needs to come  smile 
baby j is crawling into the dogs kennel and torturing the poor thing  lol if only people could see her right now  she keeps opening and shittung the door and crawling in ontop of him  its hilarious  looking forward to baby j's birthday  its the big 1!
put my swimming suit on for the first time in almost two years  is that a bad thing when you can't look at yourself in the mirror cause all you see is cottage cheese and jello where there use to be rock hard and <propfemale> muscle at one point? oh well  just need to work out harder i guess  just wish i was swimsuit ready now  sad 
anyone have any ideas on how to beef up a resume after not working for over two years and having babysitting jobs for a couple of years before that? getting kinda depressed about trying to write my resume for a job that requires one but no college degree still working on it  ugh so depressing 
way past bedtime  goodnight world  wish me luck for the morning and tomorrow 
good morning world  its going to be a bright sunshiny day  baby j is hilarious this morning  she keeps making this blowing sound when she walks or gets excited about something that she's looking at  it's like shes trying to whistel or somthing  got to love my baby j  her and her daddy are the best thing to happen to my entire world 
got a 70 on my retake for my english comp test even though this time i only missed four questions  you can only make a 70 on the retake  grrrrr got my last graded project back for my computer class  got a 100  sweet!!!! now i need to write three essays and turn in my course journal and i will be finished with my english class 
so stressed about the resume stuff  i look at my life on paper and realized just how much of a waste it was there for a while it looks much better now and will keep getting better and better everyday as long as i have my family  almost 10 smile 0 its about story time at the library  watermellon is being brought in for all the kids  this will be fun and messy 
home at last  so tired of sitting in a car  got the table cleaned off and set and ready for dinner but dinner is missing  im really looking forward to the tbone sitting on the counter if the hubby would grill it for us  id screw it up i know it or else i would start doing it   smile  sad 
tbone were so good last night  i married a grill master  so tired  so tired  up at 6 smile 0 this morning and laid in bed til 7 smile 0 when the baby finally woke up and decided she wanted out of her crib  she's so funny  she's just sitting in the kennel with <propmale> loving on him  and showing him a piece of string she found  she loves that dog so much 
"\who's that baby? who's that baby? cutie baby? <propfemale>'s her name!\""  smile   smile  0 smile """
fun weekend  went to ky for a bow tournament  out of the 20ish shots i got 2kill shots and 13 wounded  i think it was something like that  baby j got to go into a pool for the first time and didnt like it that much  water was to cold  had such a good time at <propmale>'s chophouse out door patio for dinner  amazing food and amazing service  even brought the dogs out a bowel of ice water  total blast  ready to do it again!
it's nights like tonight i hate having friends that don't have children! go to a celebrate a friends patio being finished and baby j gets cranky she naps 15 <propfemale>  for pizza pickup and is happy as she can be and ready to play at home  noone could really care they are all just happy that i left their party  what great friends i seem to have every other time except social gathers that are not family friendly 
good morning world  all is good and happy this morning  had some left over pizza with the baby and enjoyed some much needed sleep  now its time to let the hubby sleep and and spoil him all day for the awsome and brave and loving husband and father that he is this memorial day or is that everyday? lol its everyday!
she has decided that she is just going to sit and love on the dog this morning  its so cute  he goes and lays down somewhere and she follows and snuggles into him like hes her best friend  she loves her <propmale> puppy big brother! there she goes again  time to go clean my house while chasing her out of the dirt pile i sweep up lol  smile 
wish i had some left over pizza  kinda hungry and didnt realize it until now 
"going to the library today for the summer reading program  have all of our wednesdays planned out already  so exciting to watch her have fun and play with the other kids even though shes the youngest one there  got the living room, both bathrooms and the baby's room spotless yesterday and most of our bedroom done  yea me!"
dinner was awsome! had some chicken in a white wine and <propmale> marinate that i baked  a baked potatoe that i made with cheese and bacon and celery sticks and a hot choclate for dessert since it was the only desert like item in my house  <propmale> had a bite of the chicken and said it was really good but he wasnt hungry after mowing the grass but everything looked really good on my plate 
spiderbites are itching so bad  i can't believe i got bit in 4 or 5 different spots  don't have a clue where the spiders cam from just know i got bit while i was cleaning tuesday  grrrrrr so annoying starting off the day in an itchy mess 
going to redbones tonight  going to enjoy the patio and the lake with the hubby and the baby! even gonna put a little vavavoom into the look  miss baby j looks so pretty in blue and white checkered print dress now mommy needs to put the sweat pants away and make sure she looks as good as the rest of the family 
had a great time at redbones with the family and some friends  the best part was watching baby j fight the sleep the last little while we were there after dancing with daddy to some songs to the live band out on the patio  she fell asleep in her carseat we got out of the car and stayed asleep after we got home and put her in her crib 
happy birthday to <propfemale>! she is officially 1 at 2:11 this afternoon  i can't believe that it has been a year  where did all that time go? she's so big now and running  she's running around the house all the time  smile  i love my little angel 0 smile 
why does my car have to be a pain in the butt the week i need it for work? why do i have to be the one that is locked out until 11 smile 0pm and up with the baby til lord know when and then up at 5 smile 0am to go to work? why do my car and phone hate me so much? why? why? why?
"she's country! from her cowboy boots to her down home roots  she's country from the songs she plays to the prayers she prays  that the way she was born and raised and aint afraid to stay  she's country! nothing but country! \love it  smile "
"smacking face sound \wake up wake up! everybody needs to wake up!\"" including me it feels like this morning  at least i dragged my behind out of bed at 6 this morning  ugh should have been up earlier to go running """
"ready to go swimming at <propfemale>'s house with lilly,brandon, and baby j!"
i have it on a mix cd in my car  need to change the cd for a bit or i'lkl never have the song out of my head  lol
everyone is still asleep  i get up at 5 smile 0 to be at work by 6 smile 0 and everyone at the house is still asleep? how does that happen? why does that happen? the kids get to sleep in  ugh its going to be a really really really really really long day  i can tell already just hope noone decides to cop an attitude with me today  its just not going to fly 
so tired  well got lied to my face and now must apologize to a kids parents for not being more assertive and telling her she was going home with me  followed in car while trying to get voice confo from mother only to find out later from another mother also trying to call that the other mom gave no such permission and was floored that her daughter would do such a thing 
not happy after seeing that my attic is causing condensation on my walls and making the paint bubble  got the walls dry some and the paint to lay a little flatter  just don't know what to do about it with it being 90+ outside durring the day and it feeling lie 120 in the attic and needing to run the air for me and the baby and the dog  ugh! makes me want to cry  sad 
so tired  just want to go back to sleep  baby is now up and wants to play 
rain rain go away  i need to weed my gardens today! rain rain come again later tonight would be so i don't have to worry about the power when i'm asleep in bed   smile 
need a job need a job need a need a need a job  so very bored with doing the same things  i want to feel like a productive and helpfull member of society again and do more then just go to school and take care of my house and my family with out the finicial stress caused by not having a job  i love my baby j but i want to contribute more to our family then what i am currently 
"rain rain go away  why a repeat of yesterday? i need to pull the weeds and need to finish cleaning the outside of the doors cause i got most of the dirt off but not all, need to clean the gutters and stain the deck  although it is pretty funny seeing the dog hiding in his kennel and baby j in there loving on him and talking to him  its like she's trying to tell him it will be ok  its just thunder!"
congrats to my friend <propfemale> on the birth of her gorgous little baby girl <propfemale>  can't wait for them to come home from the hospital on thusday to go see them  she did an amazing job baking the little one up!
maybe i can get some more house work done today  who knows maybe it won't rain and i can start working on the outside? please please please? got another chapter and a half read last night  still two and half more chapters and two essays to write by sunday  so excited about going to the library to go the appalachian music program for the kids summer reading 
spent the entire time at the library chasing baby j around the stacks  she got bored apparlently   got some resumes emailed out  got the baby to go to sleep on her own after some crying and me doing some work  now its time to clean some more read the rest of my lesson tonight and start working on my essays tomorrow  yippee!!!!! oh and i finally got all the flower beds and weeds rounduped and taken care of 
going to see miss <propfemale> and miss <propfemale> today! also going to finish my reading for next week today (only 2 chapters) that way i'll have until next saturday to work on my essays and my journal writings that i have been neglecting and not be freaked out or pushed for time and be able to do them right  i hate writing essays and journal entries  sad 
so tired  just want a little nap and what happens  get the baby down and then i have to get up and move off the couch to answer the house phone and the baby is up and ready to play  why did the person with the wrong number have to call only 20 <propfemale> into nap time? i wish you could zap people like that through the phone line 
watched the little mermaid the begining and made brownies with baby j tonight  to bad she fell asleep on me before everything was done  got my lesson for next week already finished  now i just have to write three essays instead of two but i'll have more time to work on all of them  want to have this class done by the end of the month so i don't have to study while having fun 4th of july weekend 
"stupid,keyboard spacebar,isnt,working,on,it grrrrrr,oh,well,thats,why,i,dont,use,it,very,often,just,needed,a,couple,of,photos,to,post,on,cl,of,bedroo,suite,to,sell "
the memorial ride was awsome yesterday! i have never seen so many bikes in one place at the same time  seeing everyone pull over and wave on the side of the raod brought tears to alot of peoples eyes  it was just absolutley amazing  i think the bike count was over 300  i heard a definate 296 though  just wish i could find something about it online other than old newssotries from earlier in the week 
somebody is tired cranky and smells icky's  wonder who that could be? baby j???? did you make mommy a fudgie? hehe so cute  just glad we are all feeling better  mommy having a migraine just plain stinks  especially for one of the cutest and happy baby's in the world 
was sitting here going through pictures and realized that every pic of have of me from the last year i'm wearing sweatshirt and sweatpants  there is something seriously wrong with that  i made it back down to 112 why am i still longing to wear clothes that make me look like a dork? ugh!!! maybe if i had finished the p90x? oh well go running now 
i hate school  i hate looking for job  can't get a job without school  can't really pay for school with out a job  its a never ending viscious cycle  i'm about to say forget all of it and just go into the military  at least then i'll have a job and will be getting the life skills and job skills i need for something better then just sitting on my butt all day  i feel so useless right now 
its the tickle monster! argh run for the hills baby j its going to get you! hehehehehe run baby run  the tickle monster is going to get you!!!!
i'm starving  can't wait for the hubby to be home soon so we can go it  we are starting to get restless around here  i'm pretty sure there will be a baby revolt on my hands soon if we don't get to go eat soon  lol that would be funny to see just not fun to listen too  especially once she gets the r's going and starts sounding like the baby machine gun or chubbaca 
"oh life is life  got to love it, got to hate it but you can never escape it!"
had a fun weekend with the hubby  spending the rest of the week cleaning so the house looks good when we get back from the wedding  i hate leaving with the house a mess  it makes me so miserable comming home and seeing everything that i am going to have to do 
so tired of cleaning  all we have done today is clean the house  hubby the outside and mommy the main bathroom and cleaning the kitchen  mainly the floor  ugh never do a good sized kitchen with a toothbrush if you can help it  ugh it was gross seeing how dirty it was there for a while  lmao
i'll be in her studio   studio   lmao
finally got home  what a blast we had on our little family vacay to our friends wedding  have been going over job applications and getting stuff ready to go see an air guard recuiter sometime in the next couple of weeks since we got home  it would be so nice to have a job once again and be paid and be usefull again 
great now she wont stop crying  i think someone misses her puppy! its time to go get the <propmale>!
baby j was cracking up until <propmale> popped the ball that she was throwing at him  she's been so happy and having so much fun chasing that poor dog around the house and pulling on his tail and loving on him when he finally gives up  she loves her <propmale> puppy!
i had such a great time getting to <propfemale> out with the hubby and the pretty miss baby j and all of our friends when we were visiting them last week  makes comming home hard after being out of the house for so long always doing something every day  i sit around here and go really? i need to clean and do school and back to the same old routine of things  not so much fun  sad 
happy to be home  i didn't realize how much i really missed the hubby until i saw him yesterday  it was nice to be able to work again though  i hope i hear some good news about some job applications or something from the recuriter soon  i don't remeber having this much trouble getting someone to call me back when i was trying to get into the usmc!
good morning world  ugh so hungry  can't wait for <propmale> to get back for some tote in da holes for breakfast  some relaxing time with the hubby the off to the germin's for mexican night! love ya <propfemale>! had a fun night with friends and the hubby  its so nice to get out everyonce and a while just me and the hubby  smile   wink 
good food and fun last night  now its time to study and do something about the mess my house is in now after a sugersmack attack this morning  why we ever thought sugersmacks were a good idea to buy and give to baby j i will never know 
"hello world  how are you doing today  had a great time relaxing yesterday with the hubby and the pretty miss baby j  we watched chloe,the book of <propmale> and hot tub time machine  now for today 2rants before 9am sounds like it will be a fun day  got to get studying done  so close to being done with this class  i just hate writing assignments for english though!"
time to get some more journal entries and hopefully the last two essays done today  one is on cheating and the other is on whether we are better off today or 50 years ago or 50 years in the future  hmmmmm that one wont be hard to write  i don't know if i should laugh or cry about that topic and could i change it to 60 years ago? the 60's were not my favorite <propfemale> can we go back to the late 40's and the 50's please?
"ugh  do not want to even think about cleaning my house this morning  maybe i could ring a little <propfemale> and the cleaning <propfemale> would appear and do all of my house work and school work for me  hold on let me find a <propfemale>  \<propfemale> chimes\"" crap i just poofed into the living room  looks like my job as the cleaning <propfemale> has offically started today  : )"""
this is why i hate writing essays for english class  topic is consequences of a college student cheating on exams  it has to be 750-1000 words  be a casual analysis with the definition of cheating in your own words and classifications of the different effects that result from the decision to cheat  it has to e playful ress my feeling about cheating and then inform about cheating  ugh really?
so frustrated only came up with one consequence after brainstorming with the hubby for a couple of hours last night  anyone else have any ideas on what consequences would be for a college student cheating on exams? i'm stuck and am out of ideas 
so happy to be back online!!!!!
weell i have two chapters done in my financial accounting class  still have to write that stupid essay on cheating two essays three journal entries and 13 more chapters to go  i reall would like to get it all done by the end of the month  that would make me very happy!
going to take the asvab tomorrow  oh joy  wink  i know i wont do as well as i did 8years ago but i sure hope its still in the 80's at least  if i don't get offered any jobs that are good and i can use in the civilian world i don't know what i'm going to do  taxes are going up in january and i know i probably wont be able to get a job ever then  so depressing  wish me luck everyone!
so much fun planned for today  clean and clean and play with the baby and eat lunch and go to the library for storytime and then go into knoxville to go see <propfemale> and <propfemale> the two best girls a person could watch! i love being around them  then back home for dinner and homework with the hubby  then back up tomorrow to do it all over again  i'm so glad school is back in session  i have missed seeing the girls 
time to do it all over again only instead of the library we are going to go try and see msgt <propmale> today and go to dinner with my mom at her favorite resturant texas roadhouse for her birthday  so excited about all of it 
oh the joys of being in my little family  keeping my fingers crossed that we can still go to ga  it will be alot of fun if we get to go  have the baby sitter and the dog sitter ready to go  i'm going to go through baby j withdrawls though  i love my pretty miss baby j  smile 
poor baby j is still asleep  we picked her up yesterday from the sitters and she was all nasally and drippy nosed and watery eyed  and then on top of that the poor little thing had another tooth come in the otherday  i love my baby j  shes so sweet when shes sleeping  i just wish that she felt a bit better 
feeling icky this morning  need to clean  need to study  need to sleep  baby j is eating a pretezel and doing circles on the floor at least she knows how to make me laugh and smile til daddy gets back from work   smile 
hehe someone is trying to mess with the keyboard this morning  yall get one <propmale> to guess who that might be  i'll give you one clue  its not the hubby 
everyone went to bed really early here tonight  can't wait to go camping this weekend for the holiday with our friends  it is going to be so much fun and hopefully a great first camping trip for both baby j and me 
time to clean the house and study and make sure that everyhting gets done today that needs to be before we go camping  i can't wait to go camping  baby j is going o have alo of fun playing with the other kids and the guys are going to have a good time going fishing!
so tired of filling out job applications and sending out my resumes to everyone and everyone saying i'm not qualified for the job  it doesnt help that if your trying to find a job for three plus years no one will give you a <propmale> to show that you can do the job you just dont qualify for it on paper  i'll go sulk and cry in a cornor now   sad 
"enjoyed camping do much this weekend  perfect weather where we were at and the best people to go camping with  good food, music, and times all around the campfire  so glad that we got the opportunity to go with our friends!"
loving the photos from our trip  what a great time we had with our friends and their family  sad i missed the first game but looking forward to another win this week against oregon  go vols go!!!!!
so we didnt win  grrrrrr  i guess though it was kinda to be e playful ected when your playing #7 in the nation  it was a great game til half time at least  maybe next game we will win  looking forward to a great week and weekend with friends and family  also thinking about changing my <propmale> to criminal justice  i think that there is alot more going for that out here where i live  what do yall think?
oh to even just fix one relationship in my life would be nice  trying to anyway  i hope that it works  i'm tired of always feeling like everything that is wrong is always my fault and that no matter how hard i try to fix thing it will always be my fault becuase i was the one who screwed up the past   sad ((
"lots of birthdays this month  happy birthday to <propfirst>  hope you liked your card that baby j made you  hehe  happy birthday to my nephews grayson and <propmale>, both are truning 2 this week and happy birthday to my sister <propfemale> who is turning 23 on friday  love all of you  have a great birthday week!"
good morning world  how are you doing today? everything is going well here this morning  already have had to vacum and the dishes and clean the counters and steam clean the carpets this morning before 8  now i'm going to sweep and mop the floor and clean the base boards and the food that is stuck to the walls  what a wonderfull day  smile 
love a good workout in the morning  ran and took 10 <propfemale> off of my run time  did a 35 <propfemale> e playful ress workout  and am now happily taking a little break before i start studying this morning  offically decided going to go paralegal and then cri<propfemale>al justice if i have the time and the longing to still do it after i get my as 
it has finnally stopped being 90+ oustide this week  went to the grocery store and the bacnk and came home round 10 to find that it was only 62 outside still  so much for my morning run with baby j and <propmale>  sad  i'm just happy i no longer have to run my ac  i can open my windows to air out my house  i love fall! i'm so excited about all the activites we get to do now cause it has finally cooled down outside 
thanks to <propfemale> emtman for sending me happiness  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com serendipity--degeih home?url=&tv3=mkrragqaeoovwsiekjtahy6bh0igbhkybqxy0ooihq%3d%3d
love watching baby j play and laugh with <propmale>  he is such a good dog and is so good with her  he just sits there and lets her crawl all over him and pull on him when ever she wants  its so much fun to see the pure joy she gets from playing with him!
still amazed at how much cleaning i can get done around my house in an hour  doesnt even look like anyone lives here except that the floor needs to be moped  time to go make lunch and take a nap with baby j  shes mad at me cause im cleaning up all of her mess that she had fun making 
someone is crabby crabby crabby today and has an icky smell coming from her booty  time to go clean up the baby and the house and hopefully get some studying done today  fingers crossed!
hello happy people! time to get up and do some work  have three workouts i need to make up for this week  hehe  looking better everyday  get a call about my job interview tomorrow  fingers crossed! hoping that i get the job and they are ok with the schedule i asked them about  school is going well  ready to start some new classes  baby j is cute as ever!
excited for the game tomorrow at noon  go ut! go ut! go! go! starting to see results from a month of working out  so excited about it  its nice to see all of my hard work starting to pay off in so many ways in so many areas of my life  can't wait to see what is in store for me in the near future  smile 
why does ut have to make me sad today?  sad  oh well  time to move on and start thinking about alabama in 2 weeks  keeping my fingers crossed that i hear some good news and get alot accomplished that i'm needing and wanting to get done  i still can't believe that we are half way through october  halloween is going to be here so soon  already have a gameplan set out for the the houses and fun stuff we are going to do  smile 
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> the e playful lora! spongebob squarepants! spongebobs squarepants! what my baby girl is saying to me right now in her own special baby j language while chasing the dog around the house and into his kennel with her <propfemale> doll that daddy gave to her  time for lunch  i wonder what is on the menu today  leftovers? or something new? hmmmmm   
all over the house tryin to find the dog only to realize that hes outside  wonder how that happened? lmao  i'm still floating after getting some great news today! now its time to make some dinner and go study for a while  everyone have a great day!!!!!
got my house clean  the baby is happy  looking forward to work today and having someone come look at the house  now all i have to do is get a bunch of study time in and this day will be perfect  off to go workout for 30 <propfemale>  then sit back and relax and enjoy the fact that everything is working out for me  for us  for everyone  hope everyone has as great of a day as me  smile 
made it through my first offical day at work yesterday! looking forward to a busy day tomorrow  helping out at the blount county bbq for a few hours then home to play with my sweetness and then off to work  i'm excited that i'm able to do all of this  hugs for everyone!!!!!
ready to start my first full week at the shack! i really like it so far  baby j's getting use to it and the hubby is proud of me for getting a job and sticking with he job hunt for so long  now just got to get throught this semester of school faster so i can switch majors over to paralegal  life is good  everything is falling into place the way i hoped it finally would  smile   smile 
got to finish cleaning the house before i go to work  i like being able to say that more now  it makes me feel all warm and fussy and happy inside! looking forward to starting to shop for christmas presents  the only person i'm stuck on is my mother  never know what to get her but i think i have a decent idea this year    smile ))
tired  needed a little break from te studying for work and for school  so much information that i'm trying to jam into my head  at least baby j is here to keep me laughing as she runs around playing with the dog and getting into everything  getting kinda hungry  i wonder what is for lunch? hmmm           
wake up girly  feeling very tired this afternoon  not liking that feeling  baby j was so cute this morning dressed up like a little ut cheerleader for spooktacular  got a bucket full of <propfemale>  coloring book and a book to read and a orange balloon to match her uniform! go vols! beat bama!!! will be the first cheer we teach her  hehe  smile 
busy week but loving it! baby j is running around saying mama mama mama and eating dinner  well kinda  lol such a goofball that pretty miss baby j 
its going to be a great day  we have a football game today  got to work and then take my little vols cheerleader trick or treating  oh so exciting  can't wait to see what else happens  happy halloween everybody!!!!!
who's having a great day? we are! hope everyone else is having a good one too  the fall wheather us finally here in tn  baby j is having fun with her new seal we have named fluffy and i'm almost done with my financial account class  lots of happiness all around!
oh she loves the bathtub in my house! <propfemale> cutiepants  she likes to splish and splash around  <propfemale> cutiepants! if swiming around is somthing you like <propfemale> cutiepants then drop in the tub and swim like a fish! <propfemale> cutiepants!
today is such a great day! it's time to sit back and reflect on how great life has <propmale> the last couple of years  hehe i still can't believe that it is our 2yr wedding anniversary  the time has just flown by  looking forward to a nice relaxing day of sitting around and spending time with the hubby today! i married the best man ever!
play with baby j study clean study clean play with baby j some more go to work  thankfully the hubby is off for the rest of the week to help me out while i'm at work  such a sweetheart he is but dont tell him that  it might go to his head  lol  getting pics developed today! sweet more scrapbooking photos!!!!!! life is grand sometimes don't ya think?
it's going to be one of those days that feels like it should be later then it really is and yet still feel like it should be yesterday  6 smile 0 is not a fun time to be awake 
i can't believe that today is monday  it doesnt feel like a monday  but it's monday  this work schedule i have has me all screwed up  lol  love being able to work though  just need to finish working out a few kinks  not looking forward to working the weekend after thanksgiving  hoping to get my christmas shoping done soon 
i have the best husband in the enitre world! i'm really looking forward to getting to go to dinner with him tonight with our friend and our little girl  going to wasbi! love that place! hope everyone has a great day! i know that i will!
finished my financial accounting class  just need to take the tests and i will have it completley done! so exciting  i'm ready to have this semester over with so that i can switch to paralegal  smile 
trying to finish waking up  been up for an hour but still feel really tired  looking forward to spending sometime with my family today  i have missed them over the weekend  got home last night from work and <propmale> got baby j to learn where here feet are and where they are on her body  it was really cute to watch  especially after i put the new dog bed down  she just kept laying on it and laughing!
hope everyone had a great thanksgiving and black friday 
glad hours changed at work  got to see <propfemale> and her hubby and my family tonight  had a great time getting to catch up and be with my family!
its snowing!
putting up the christmas tree and getting the house decorated  glad to have a day off so that i can 
enjoying today  cleaned house yesterday and cleaning house again today before i go to work  baby j has been trying to help me mop the floor with the swiffer mop  its funny cause she goes over the areas ive already done making me do them again  took me forever to clean just the bathrooms cause of it  lmao  smile 
baby is not feeling so hot todsy  poor little thing 
love my sweet loving family  baby j cracks me up with how much of a daddy's girl she is  daddy is loving it 
1st day of potty training  not going so well  sad 
the shack just went hood  wow wow manager went and threw a guy out for shopliffting! he flipped out  manager was awsome!!!
just got home  time to unwind with baby j and the hubby  just happy to sit down and relax with my family 
so bored at work  had our first rush of the day a few <propfemale> ago  now its just as dead as dead can be  ugh love the shack though 
love my daughter! shes so funny playing with plastic ice cream making us all laugh!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
ready to leave work > sad 
ugh  not feeling good  both ends this stinks  hate being sick on christmas 
still feeling icky but alot better than yesterday now after food lots of fluids and a little bit of sleep  ready for us all to be 100% again though!
ugh baby got squirts  friends have it  family has it  this stinks  i figured out where it started and not happy knowing how it got started 
so tired of feeling tired and rundown  i'm ready for all the holiday stuff to be over and the new year to start  party! party! party! looking forward to a new year with new e playful erienes and memories to be made with my amazing family and great friends 
so bored of being at work  ready to leave  nothimg to do but vacum and watch football  sc vs fl state ugh > sad  wish tn hadnt lost last night 
"today is going to be a good day  baby j is <propfemale> out with her friends, hubby gets to <propfemale> out with his friend,i get to get a few hrs of school done before work!"
im so bored  have only had 4 people come in the store since 5  i miss my hubby and angel baby girl  lookin forward to day off to clean & work on school more  laugh 
waiting for the baby to wake up  ugh i feel so tired today i dont want to get out of bed  i need to get up though or ill lay here and never get anything done  sad  choices to make on my day off 
poor baby j is not feeling good  she just laying down on my lap while we wait at the drs office  shes so quiet and tired  i hope she doesnt have the bug again 
no flu  thank god  hope my angel baby starts feeling better soon 
baby j has got on my last nerve  shes <propmale> throwing a temper tantrum in the car for am hour and half  im about to pull my freakin hair out!
suppose to snow again  fun fun  baby j is being so much better today  looking forward to spending to night with the hubby  i miss him so much when we are workin
omg in so much pain this morning  i can hardly breathe cant sleep cant move my left arm with out pain  freakin stupid ribs  trying to decide if going to dr 
so slow at work  had time to read 2 chapters in my marketing book  ready to go home and rest  ribs feel looser but still hurt in certain ways 
so much snow  so pretty  got snow for my bday  i hope the roads are not to bad so i can get to kville for work and for my bday dinner with my mom tonight   laugh 
so bored at work on my bday   crying  think ill go hide in the back and cry a little out of boredom  lol
hoping to make it with a full night of pain free rest  doubtfull though  just wish i knew what happened to my ribs  oh well good bye 25 hello 26!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  and thank you i love you to my hubby for the books you got me  i absolutley love them  cant wait to start reading them!
"time to wake up and get this day started  git to clean the house, study,pick up girls, drop off baby, and go to work  what a busy day  hehe i love it!"
so bored  two people came intobto the store but just looked around  ugh  second night in a row 
just got back from the dentist and eveything went well  even baby j was good for her tooth inspection!
looking forward to dinner tonight  my mom made me lasagna for my bday  hehe so excited cause its going to be so good! looking forward to tomorrow  finish cleaning the house and get a bunch of studying done for school  i'm ready i'm ready!
got the house 95% clean  makin lasagna for lunch today  smells so good  looking forward to double bday dinner tonight with friends!
dinner last night was good  had a fun time with friends  not looking forward to work tonight  sad  im ready for a change in work and school!
ugh not looking forward to work tonight  want to go home already and i just walked in the door  i dont like the feeling of dread when going to work  its not fun
at work and bored but been keepin somewhat busy today   smile 
having fun with my niece and nephew  they are so cute together with baby j! love getting to see them all togther and seeing april! love yall  wink 
"things to do today: clean baby, clean house, do laundry, interview new sitter,read classifieds, study and workout  fingers crossed i can get most of it done "
my kid is to funny  shes chasing the dog around and jumping around and rolling around everywhere  might be time for some gymnastics classes?
looking forward to some lifechanges  life is looking very good and loving the <propmale> at some new oportunities in life!
so tired after a long day at work  ready to go to bed  so happy with the new changes in my life  things seem to be getting better for me  now i just need to keep the momentum and continue on my path of self renewl and improvement this year  so far so good on keeping my resolutions this year!
ugh to early in the morning to be up  i want to go back to bed and sleep in a little bit  oh well been up since 5 smile 0 doing research  i guess its time to go get ready for work and do something productive today! i'm really enjoying what i am doing now and hope that i don't kill myself with work this weekend  smile 
happy to finally be home  went and got the baby and juat got home  im starving  time to make something and give baby j a bath 
good morning world  hope you have as good of a day as i have so far this morning  i love my family and am so happy and thankfull for all of their support!   smile 
hoping today goes better then yesterday  fingers crossed  smile 
finally have everything straightened out with work  feel so much better and less stessed out   smile )
going to read me some <propfirst> beck and go to bed  im so exhausted  ready for a good nights sleep and a real <propmale> to catch up on school starting tommorrow  playful 
can wait to eat this roast when it gets done  smells so good  gettin so hungry 
made tuna helper for dinner tonight  not half bad  baby j is enjoying it lol shes sayig more and banging her plate at me  guess shes still hungry 
i want to see gnomeo an juilet  looks hilarious  ready for the next couple days going to catch up on school and house work  im ready for a good nights sleep now
good night world  ir was nice seeing you again  can't wait to do it all over in the morning  sleep well  i know that i will    smile )
love the new five finger death punch  bring me down is such a heartbreaking song  smile 
go steelers! just wishing my baby angel was feeling better  poor little thing feels so icky  love my angel baby 
ugh the job hunt is back on  sad 
playing wii bowling  way to much fun!   smile )
think i'm going to go take a nap before i start cleaning the house again  then get the baby maybe go to the park then head home for dinner clean up and back to the hunt  lol i hate hunting but at least its something to do for a while now that i actually have a little bit of time to do it and school  love you world too  love 
lol getting my teeth filled at the denist right now  is it sad that im facebookin between teeth?  wink 
had fun at obed park with the family  walked around  played had a picnic  much needed and loved family time  getting ready to play ball with baby j outside 
the binki <propfemale> is comming to take all the binkis back to binki land so they can go to new homes  any advice for ways to say goodbye?
going to see <propfirst> <propmale> tonight  its nice to be able to get out and see people i havent gotten to see in a while  thanks for the ticket and <propfemale> out night a  love 
tired of sitting in the parking garage waiting to leave the <propfirst> aldean show  loved it  thanks a for asking me to come  love   love    smile 
think that i have the flu  feel so bad  need sleep so bad 
almost done cleaning most of the house  ugh still feel terrible but my fever has finally gone away  just hoping it dosent pass on to the rest of my family 
had a great time seeing grandy and grandpa <propmale>  looking forward to being able to take them out for icecream soon when the weather warms up  love   smile 
one of the best things about tn is you can hace a bon fire in march and it feel like its september or october outside  i love tennessee!
someone i think has offically hit the terrible 2's  ugh this is going to be a long year if she keeps this up  love my baby girl  she's growing up so fast   love   love 
someone has found out about bubble guppies  its actually kinda cute and funny  just hoping she will go down for a nap soon  feeling tired 
so tired of being in pain  ready for it to be over with  got another week or so and it will be all gone  i can start working out putting pain in other places  smile 
spring is here! ready for those evening walks along the lake with the family and the dog and motorcycle rides with the hubby  going on picnics with friends   smile 
pain pain go away  let me get some sleep tonight  i so bored my doggy snores  why cant my body just shut down like a computer and go into sleep mode? im tired 
things i love about spring  the weather is warming up  the windows are open  fresh fruits  rootbeer floats  smile  and we finally get to enjoy the outdoors  smile )
such a nut my little girl is  come over to friends house to play and chit chat and shes trying to figure out how to ise the stairmaster  working on her figure 
going to see grandy and grandpa <propmale> and aunt <propfemale> and cousins <propmale> and <propfirst>  really nervous  have baby girl stuff for <propfemale>  hope it is well received 
"had a good time at grandy and grandpa ricks  baby j had a fun time playing with her cousins  it was nice to see everyone  im taking a nap  pain,tired not fun "
i hate business management  cant wait for this semester to be over so i can change my degree  ugh trying to stay motivated  not happy with school at all!
love getting a <propmale> to catch up with old friends  i love all my friends  i have the best friends in the entire world  my hubby is the best and most amazing!
power is out again  grrrrr  stupid storms  off to bed early tonight 
i hate study for classes that are being dropped anyway  just want it to be over with asap  i hate business man  after everything ive put into it  it lets me dow
loving kraft shells and cheese on this cold rainy day  yummy yummy  having a good day now    smile 
making a giant cookie in honor of my sisters birthday in a couple of days  live you hunny  miss you  can't wait to see you sometime soon        :-*
got writers cramp  ugh so tired of studying today  got two chapters of vocabulary and notes done  one more chapter tonight  test in morning  want to be done!
nap time did not last <propfemale> today  30 <propfemale> now shes up dancing in circles around the living room having a good ol time  love my cute big girl!
what a nice day be outside  throwing the ball to the dog  the baby running around the yard after the dog  me sittin here talking neighbor girl while doing nails
yummy yummy  baked lemon pepper chicken in <propmale> sauce ontop of bow tie pasta with a salad on the side  we all loved dinner tonight   smile )
got to sleep in  was very happy til the power went out just as i was going to dry my hair  lol baby j slept in as well then got mad for putting everyhing away 
just watched dumb and dumber for the first time ever  so funny  how is it i have never seem it until now over ten years after it came out?
looking forward to motorcycle ride today  perfect hubby  perfect group to ride with  perfect weather and a perfect gramdma baby j hangout day  love to eveyone!
