3c41e6c4b778b5900d1c764c2b96a004
playing the new farmtown game  on facebook and myspace  yeah i got no life  but it's a good one   laugh 
old times are good times   smile 
"awe ok, i'll take the cow "
i think my face book is broken  it's not posting my messages 
testing   
one day until payday and hubby is cranky   annoyed 
hoping to go camping  got everything packed  yey
no d&d for the next 2 weeks  we will start again at the end of the month 
"where off to go camping! car is loaded and so am i   lol \joking\"" but really   wish me luck  it's my first time   smile """
packing bags to wash cloths 
is being kept awake by <propfirst>  he can't sleep   annoyed 
"almost caught a woodchuck groundhog this morning  damn thing went into the live trap,saw the metal trigger and turned back around then ran out this time i covered the bottom with grass  i hope he gos back in "
"woke up to see what i caught in my trap  a skunk!, a freaking smelly ass skunk  how the heck am i gonna get rid of that? i called the town  they said if i caught him then i must get rid of him  rrrrr    i don't want to let him back in my yard  he's gonna eat all my bait trying to catch the groundhog   sad "
 love  <propfemale>  will look to the brighter sky's that lie ahead 
is out trying to battle the war on trash in the city of wilkes-barre 
"don't you hate it when your phone rings 8 diffrent times in the past hour from the same person and they don't leave a message? there like \why don't you answer!\"" and i'm like \""why don't you leave a message?\"""""
i'm feeling a bit witchy  i'n the mood to brew something up  be cool if they had an app for that 
the plants are talking to me  o o
hope you all had a great turkey day and a good black friday   smile 
last day of novemeber and i have a ton of things to do for the holidays  i'm glad most of the gifts are out of the way for me  lot's of cookies to make 
anyone want to send christmas cards in the mail? inbox me your mailing address and i will do the same 
hubby comes home in two hours  just waiting around 
happy hump day   smile 
"one week until christmas  yey! *dances*  <- not looking forward to round trip to ny   stop and go, stop and go, stop and go, stop and go   are we there yet?"
"oh my, i just started playing farmville after a while and i see there's like a bunch of gifts i need to get from others to reach the holiday deadline  i will send gifts too if u can help me get the 100 gifts i need   smile "
happy winter solstice everyone   smile 
nobody was selected please select some friends first  is anyone else getting this message trying to send app gifts? first time it's doing this on different apps 
leaving for ny  smile  sorry i wont be playing apps much over the next few days 
glad to be home in <propfemale>  my husband wont shut up about his cell phone  makes me wonder how he lived his life before he had one  hope u all had a great holiday   smile 
a friend of mine told me that a tumble weed grows in a desert   this was my happy moment for the day   smile 
it's so cold and <propfemale> today 
dear farmville app friends  we only have until the 7th of <propfirst> to open gifts  granted the fireworks are kinda cool  but i'm really trying to get a gold chicken  i have 5 00 in farmville cash left  i'm hoping for a good prize  please no more fireworks  for me anyways  thanks and happy farming   laugh 
"we all need to loosen up  take a bath, eat some cheese "
happy last day of the year  hope you all have a great new one   smile 
happy birthday to all my friends including my self   smile 
thanks for the birthday wishes   smile 
thank you all for the birthday wishes   laugh  i feel loved 
i can't remember a year when the <propfemale> ground hog did not see his shadow 
i need harness on farmville  please send 
thanks for all the building supplies people   smile  no more nails or horse shoes  i'm all full of those  please send bricks and harness 
"farmville friends, need harness please  that's all i need left  maybe one or two more bricks "
omg all i neede is a brick please one brick then i am done!  laugh 
<- dances * yey!!!! i have my stable! if you need any other items just ask   laugh 
farmville pissed me off today  spent 4 hours redoing my farm and when i  reload the <propfemale> almost half of my work was undone  grrrrrrrrrrrr    
i'm happy with the way my farmville farm looks now   smile 
today i'm taking my cat to the vet  i added half of a can of wet food to his dry food to help him with his constipation  the other two cats seemed to put on some wight where the other became all skin and bones  he's about 7 years old  we will see what the vet says 
my cat has diabetes when i recived the news i was not upset  i have people in my family that have it  the doctor said he will need shots twice a day with prescription cat food  i then started to relize this was going to cost a lot of money  every month for the rest of my cats life  a lot of money  $130  for the shots a month and $35  for the cat food  i may be giving my cat away  i can't aford that   sad 
"i found cheaper means of getting meds for my cat  i called a place in canada and they can get me meds for 37 00 that will last me almost a whole year  yey! getting cat food still going to be a cramp in budge it  however this new findings brings good hope for my <propfemale>,  smile "
lunar passed away this morning 
spring can't come fast enough for me 
we have over a foot of snow  wanting to know how people feel about the idea of skipping right over march to april? we will move st  pattys to april 17th along with birthdays  no more winter!
joined the gym this past saturday  i'm really enjoying it  hope my hubby can keep up 
i traded a bland life for bland foods  lol    i wounder how long this will last before i crash and burn 
going to longisland ny in the morning  going to visit the folks 
yey a brake in weather!
march winds   have not flew a kite in ages 
need help with my barn please  need like 6 more people
who's having corned beef and cabbage this week?
happy easter peeps!
"working hard in my yard  moving dirt, washing rock, planting flowers adding mulch   r i p <propfirst> steele  your music will be apart of me forever "
happy mothers day!
missing my babe    so much    
kicking back with my gf neyda   smile 
hubby is coming home today after a 4 day trip to texas  i will be seeing him at 1am  friday morning  hope he has a safe flight 
i let someone deep into my life  i can now see the true colors  it hurts 
the clouds have lifted  i see truth and nothing more 
enjoying the pool   laugh 
ouch sunburn!
i need help planting cranberries on the farmville game  i'm still using the normal plow to do crops with  it be nice to get the school bus prize  please join the c surprise p   smile 
sometimes love means letting someone go instead of trying to change them 
would give people an update on what she has done today but it's a bit tricky when she hasn't really done anything today *nods*
is amazed how much nothing she can get done in one day!
"dreaming of flip flops, lemonade, warm sand slipping through your toes, sunshine on me and shorts!  love  come on summer!!"
"knowing that you are loved, by the ones you love, is the best feeling in the world"
going to the park with my neighbors today  awesome times food and swimming  yey summer!
hubby left for fl  i'll be missing him 
keeping busy 
is lonely    think i might go watch some tv and snuggle up to myself for a while   
is working hard around the house 
"http annoyed  purinaanimalallstars yahoo com ?v=7652402&l=100000085\lol!\\oh"
today is mikes birthday  i'm going to spoil him good   laugh 
too hot  i want my 70's back 
"flower, flower grow for me, \become a flower from a seed, \grow your roots and a stem, \\let the water come right in"
can't seem to find the 'start-button' today   
is battling being optimistic  pessimistic seems to be winning but i need to be optimistic because it still has a <propmale> to succeed 
"is wishing everyone  enough happiness to be  sweet, enough trials to stay  strong, enough empathy to keep you human and enough hope to be happy xx"
it's so humid i keep sliding off the sofa smile 
"meeting up tonight in wilkes-barre <propfemale> for some drinks, at ole tyme <propmale>'s  all is invited  6pm "
warm and wet here in ne <propfemale>
has a lonely heart 
is happy mikes home from his trip 
says you gotta live life to the fullest and not live in the past if you do you can never fully be happy you cant regret what you did just learn from  it 
don't you hate it when your waiting for a package in the mail and every time you see a truck pull up you get all excited just to find out it's not for you  happened twice today  grrrrrr!
happy halloween!
turkey day just a few weeks away 
why is it so hard to find decorations for thanksgiving this time of year? i went to 6 different stores today looking for a turkey shaped cookie cutter and there all on christmas already 
yey! mondays here  time to kick off the week with something exciting 
everyday is a new day so leave the old things behind you 
put your self first when no one else will 
anyone want to exchange christmas cards this year? privet message me your address and i will do the same  happy holidays!  smile 
20 days before christmas  are you ready?
i like seeing snow  i hate feeling cold 
christmas   the wonderful time of year when you get your dysfunctional families all under one roof  <propfemale> christmas
i'm going on a plane ride in the morning to nc  i wont be enjoying it and not looking forward to it  take offs scare me and my tummy feels queasy 
cough    sniffle sniffle   the common cold  it's the gift that keeps on giving 
never send a man to do a woman's job 
"mmmm another day of fruit, meat and cheese from the holiday baskets "
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes  it's nice to have your own holiday  now go be creative and decorate something in my honer   smile 
i like chicken i like fish mirakuya is delish    ole!!!
"there are the normal boobs (   )(   ), the silicone boobs ( + )( + ), the perfect boobs (o)(o)  some boobs are cold (^)(^), and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\  \\   the very large boobs (o y o), and the very small boobs ( )( ), and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•)( )  we love them all! post this message on your wall and say ???(?_?)??? to breast cancer!"
happy groundhogs day everyone 
sick with some kinda cold flu thing and scheduled to drive out of state  not fun 
i made it to ny with <propfirst>  it's my 2nd day here and it's getting harder to sleep at night  i hate being sick  bad cough and can't breath threw my nose 
i made it threw a flu and now i'm down to a cough  i'm getting better but still feeling lousy 
