f2428a9b0897e2178d783a20fde3d15d
happy new year!
what the hell is up with all this snow?! holy shit 
wow  thought i got hacked  guess not 
release the kraken! >8o
i feel the call of the wild! must    go    outside!
uhhh    wut?
i would be lying if i said i don't miss how crazy everything used to be 
it's filled with impact!
hmmm 
"why, god? why can't i sleep?! >xc"
she sets my soul on fire 
goin' for a run  be back in a bit 
"back from my run, had a shower, and now i feel god-like  > smile "
sleepin' with the fan on full-blast was a mistake  i'm freezin'! >xo
a tattoo for <propfirst>  yay? nay? maybe?
cereal    *drool* i want   
music = life
ahhh  if only this contented sigh could reach forward from today and touch the end of eternity  hehe 
zombie movies at 7am    what the hell am i doin'? haha   laugh 
bang  ;p
"\it's your eyes that make me smile \"""""
"\rage against the dying light! fight on and let your soul burn bright!\"""""
"i slept so long, ugh    well, at least it's the weekend "
wow  i'm feelin' very literate today  wonder why i'm typin' so much  hmmm 
i wanna' play guilty gear! yeah! >8o
where'd all the milk go?! ahhh! i need cereal! d8
just had a shave  my face is so smooth! hehe 
"ah, that crick i had in my neck is finally gone  i feel great   laugh "
<propmale> eastwood is a bamf   laugh 
all's well that ends well   smile 
i used to think you were crazy    but now i can see your nuts! d8
"\when your lungs collapse!\"" -- \""dead man's chest\"" by parkway drive"""
i wish i could speak a different language without my county-ish accent gettin' in the way   laugh 
i    am addicted    t-to    *sniffle * plants vs  zombies  *cries * i can't stop playin'!
strawberry jam and toast sounds greeeat   laugh 
i have a question for everyone    have you ever tried to eat cereal with a fork?  laugh 
"mmm, brinner  breakfast for dinner   playful "
"hm, strange dream   "
i'm in a talkative mood today   smile 
"warning: there is a virus going round,if you see- a girl who killed herselfover something her father wrote on her wall  do not open it, it is a virus and it will not allow you to delete it,please pass this on before someone opens it ( it is a self replicating trogan2 smile  "
cereal sounds good right now    too bad i'm out   sad 
oh my god  where did all of my energy go?  sad 
i woke up wearing my ring    i don't even remember touching it! my ring is haunted! d8
do i seem passive?  annoyed 
i love you   smile 
the computer next to my bed is killin' me dead    why does the light keep wakin' me up when my sister's on?! too bad i can't sleep like i used to    i could have slept through an all-out war! e_e
what do you think of the new hair? disregard the fact that i look angry  haha 
"oh, yeah  i finally got a job! (took long enough   annoyed )"
i have the day off today   playful 
this life is mine and i'll take it  make it or break it! (hopefully make it )  playful 
work today! whoo! > laugh 
"i must play \no more heroes: desperate struggle\""! it looks so good! 8o"""
do you believe black cats are bad luck? i pet them all the time even though i've heard that superstitious belief 
"you're the only one for me, fizzy   wink "
hamburger time 
shout loud  breathe in  won't you drown in the now?
i think i need sleep now    night 
finally got my laptop!  laugh 
did anyone else know that jellyfish are immortal? (not invincible  there's a difference )
"fixing to get his passport and possibly a tattoo if i have some left over  and the rest i'm saving for england! i know i'll have enough, so i'm not worried  but as for the tattoo    i know what i want  i just don't know how i want it! (christ, that sounds dirty )"
wish i didn't have to work on my birthday  hehe 
?????
"i bought my first pack of beer legally last night and got a little tipsy  miller high life  i was alone, but still pretty fun doing it on my birthday   playful "
whoo! promotion = more money!
"\bug eyes\"" by dredg = excellent song """
anyone see the new devil may cry game coming out? they made <propmale> look like an emo! i hate you capcom! d8<
nose to the grindstone  > playful 
i think i've finally found a great laptop   laugh 
cartoon network has gone down the crapper  canceling toonami was a huge mistake 
cooking sloppy joes    wee 
"ugh, i can't wait till christmas!  playful "
"\drown in the now\"" - the <propfemale> method"""
for whom the <propfemale> tolls - metallica
"\now's the time to either nut up or shut up \"""""
"best t-shirt designs i have ever seen!  playful \www redbubble com"
thrill me   
saw inkheart  epic 
"i thought i was a fool for no one  but, baby i'm a fool for you   playful "
lizzy  love 
"is in love with \we came as romans\"" """
no one told me spore was this addictive! i can't stop! d8
lizzy  love 
day off! whoo!  playful 
suddenly feel like today's going to be a really bad one    lovely 
finally got my hair cut! i'm free!
"\i've got the brightest <propfemale> you'll ever find \"""""
xbox live? add me! my tag is elykzilla 
you and i will stand the test of time   wink 
cod: black ops  nice   playful 
"my my my, what a lovely day it's been "
everybody bingo-bango ready to go-go?  laugh 
halo reach before work  woot  would rather be talking to lizzy though 
so much wooork  thankfully i finally moved into my new room and i have another day off tomorrow! whoo!
space is the place 
"\inception\"" is probably the best movie i've seen this year """
i couldn't be happier with the way my life is going now  the best is yet to come   laugh 
district 9 was amazing!  laugh 
wishing sunday would get here already!
"just saw tron: legacy    why is \the dude\"" playing a <propmale> role?"""
having the best time with lizzy!  laugh 
never gonna' belong to another   smile 
the love of my life just flew back home    sorta' feels like someone's died  too quiet   annoyed 
"site says i come in at 8am, t-mat says i come in at 5pm, and the reader says i come in at 12am    what?! d8"
just deleted a lot of people who don't talk to me on facebook  if you want me to re-add you just message me   smile 
never ordering pizza online again    wound up with two different orders from two different places and i'm out $100  at least the pizza hit the spot   annoyed 
i'm a ninja pirate robot monkey zombie dragon    from spaaace!  surprise 
lizzy looks cute when she's sleepin'  x3
i don't know what i'd do without her   smile 
it was my evil twin! i swear! d8
a lot of people called out last night  got to work a little overtime  i'm sooo tired though! d;
nap time   smile 
"i know i'm a little late in saying this, but clash of the titans was epic! i just watched it  now i'm off too bed  i imagine that fiancé of mine is headed off to school right about now  so i best get some shut eye before i get to see my goddess later this morning  night all!  playful "
still can't sleep  what a drag    at least i got paid  heh 
"well, isn't this absolutely fan-frickin'-tastic "
flapjacks vs waffles
i once played solitaire with tarot cards    5 guys died 
up praying to the porcelain god after one too many last night  ugh 
u mad?! u jelly?!  playful 
why is it that everyone thinks i don't like british accents? c'mon! i'm a sucker for girls with a british accent! i'm marrying one! haha   laugh 
3 days off! whoo!  laugh  (i'm sleepin' )
testing out my mom's wifi network! i'm at the park next to the hotel! whoo! > playful 
"holy crap, i'm psychic  d8"
flight today  bit nervous and can't sleep  haha 
"man, yesterday was busy! i was lucky enough to stay awake with what little sleep i got on the flight over, but it was all worth it  i met most of the family after settling in  lizzy, <propfirst> and <propfemale> and i went a pub for a meal  then to the theater to watch lizzy's cousin <propfemale> perform in a play  (more dance oriented ) she did a good job and after that i crashed  don't think i've slept so well in my life   playful "
finally a little heat in england! i was freezin'! hahaha   playful 
just got back from swim 4 fitness at the gym with lizzy  holy hell am i sore! gonna' feel that in the mornin' 
