94183d41d093c0deca311dd637ff1a78
"is going to watch paranormal activity, i hope is not cheesey, i hate cheesey movies   "
see if i cant come up with an interesting status
"as wicked as you are, you're beautiful to me, you're the darkest burning <propfemale>, you're my perfect disease   "
be reading
be still reading
novel after novel   
"stand in the corner and scream with me!! a body full of empty, a head that's full of rage, better believe it!!"
"got lost while reading today, where did the past 5 hours go?"
"new books! <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfirst> koontz    1,601 pages of relentless pulse pounding action ha!"
"preserve me from the enemy who has something to gain, and from the friend who has something to lose   "
"<propfirst> koontz's frankenstien- book i- prodigal son heeeere we go! as wicked as you are, you're beautiful to me, you're the darkest burning <propfemale>, you're my perfect disease   "
   
cant shake this feeling   
"i think you got the rhyming flu, im spittin a's right on cue, you mutter c's and its hard for you, not only does it suck but its confusing too! can you take a hint or maybe a clue? listen up close cause heres what you got to do, take a step back, look at my shoe, ha i just kicked your ass with my verbal kung-fu!!"
"over thinking, over analyzing separates the body from the mind  withering my intuition, missing opportunities and i must feed my will to feel my moment drawing way outside the lines "
"over thinking, over analyzing separates the body from the mind  withering my intuition, missing opportunities and i must feed my will to feel my moment drawing way outside the lines "
"this body holding me reminds me of my own mortality  embrace this moment, remember, we are eternal  all this pain is an illusion "
all work no play makes for a very productive yet boring day     sad 
"too much,  too far, too late to lie down now  i must arm myself to fight you by making weapons out of my imperfections  it's all i have left  there's no other choice   "
"uh, i have to read 75 pages of text for my american government class and then take a 40 question quiz over it    "
"you should know that the lies won't hide your flaws, no sense in hiding all of yours, you gave up on your dreams along the way   "
"you should know that the lies won't hide your flaws, no sense in hiding all of yours, you gave up on your dreams along the way   "
is going to set up the studio and lay down some tracks
shines on borrowed light   
hold the s because i am an aint   
"\a discrete transition to advanced mathematics\"" ha! what a joke!"""
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind   
got a part-time job!!
trying to get amped up by consuming large ammounts of green and black tea   
ginko
gladiator!!
can speak braille
long hair dont even care    
"i'm just a soul whose intentions are good   oh, please don't let me be misunderstood   "
"i'm just a soul whose intentions are good    oh, please don't let me be misunderstood    since i am human, i am good and bad as well, but i try my hardest to stay good and some of the things i do and say may be bad, or just not too good but i do try    so with that said, i don't fault you, i mean, you're only human   "
wants to take a picture
aww mannn
the sky is the limit   
aaaahh photoshop just kicked my ass!
id much rather you talk to me first and see if you can learn an opinion before you make one    
work work study work study study   play!
overrated!!!
and thats what the monkey said   
"and so ends another chapter, even more alone than before    "
think think think think think think think
searching for something that does not exist   
gstid!
can read whats written in the clear ink   
"feeling undone, what have i become? when i turned my back on you i turned my back on myself and became this machine    "
"l is for love, baby  o is for oh yes i do  v is for virtue, so i ain't gonna hurt you  e is for even if you want me to  r is for render unto me, baby  m is for that which is mine and  a is for any old how, darling and  n is for any old time   loverman! till the bitter end  while the empires burn down  forever and ever and ever, ever, amen  i'm your loverman   "
excuse me while i kiss the sky   
"blind to the world, born into sleep, torn into pieces, and yet still i try to stand, nothing to gain, everything to prove, i will not admit defeat   "
"just woke up, yeahhhh"
is workin workin workin
has to get his tire fixed today
define your meaning of fun  to me it's when we're gettin' it done  i feel the heat comin' off of the blacktop  so get ready for another one  let's take a trip down memory <propfirst>  the words circling in my brain  you can treat this like another all the same  but don't cry like a bitch when you feel the pain   
fight for your honesty  fight for integrity!!!!
all your mental armor drags me down   nothing hurts like your mouth   
"must have done something wrong, hell if i know   "
is working
wants <propfemale> go skate it up
is going to rock out with my   haha you kno!
blisters on my fingertips    i played the bass till it was out of tune   
keep it  dont want it  think ill just go away  away from here  away from you
gave up the brush on 4 3 2010
our cat is havving its kittins
yeaa i got my edgefest tickets fo' sho!
didnt think he would meet someone like her   
"is really tired, but it was worth every second"
isss sooooo glad its friday
"had a great time with <propfemale> and friends, and edge fest is just around the corner"
dear god the only thing i ask of you is to hold her when i'm not around when i'm much too far away     -- a7x
and thats why i dont make plans
thinks he's found the best one ever!!
"is at edgefest with <propfemale> and friends, is going to rock!!"
"dosent feel good today, cant wait to get this last test done and be done with school, just want to spend the day with my baby"
schooooooools out  for  summuh!!!!!
