8b520cbf3f407e556c5919bfffb514f2
"01022010 is today's date  it reads the same foreward as backward  thanks for that info, <propmale>!"
i finally gave in and got on facebook   
"i know better, because i have a tendancy to get addicted to silly games, but my curiosity got the best of me and i clicked on farmville and cafe world  but i'm confused! well, generally speaking  but how do i find neighbors and, more importantly, what's the point?"
wants to know why in the hell the posts don't appear chronologically?
"lay in bed for awhile thinking that it felt like a grey, rainy, cold day  i hate being right "
i just found out that i won $100 in a pull-tab drawing at the speakeasy! woo-hoo!
i'd love for everyone to come see me in 'the night of the iguana' at community theatre this weekend or next  i think it's gonna be a great show!
does anyone have pics of kenn and i? i'm debating whether to embark on a project   
last night's show went so well! i hope we can do it five more times  i'd still love to see as many of you as possible at the night of the iguana at community theatre! http annoyed  ctth org
"the first weekend of the show went really, really well! thanks to everyone who came out, and those of you didn't make have three more chances  or else   "
"thanks to everyone who came to the cast party  we had a wonderful time! for those non-cast members, you still have two chances to see us all at community theatre!"
only one more <propmale> to see the night of the iguana - i hope to see as many of you as possible at community theatre at 2 smile 0 this afternoon!
"thank you, everyone who came to see the night of the iguana  an extra-special thanks goes out to my cast members who worked so hard, but laughed just as hard  your support and smiles mean so much to me!"
"my squirrel pics were so popular, i added a couple more  if you click fast, it's almost like a cartoon "
"recent houseguest: on top of one of the dog's crates was a thin metal <propmale> that we used to secure <propmale>'s containment  it is absolutely the type of thing that should have been hidden from a child  however, it is currently hidden from me as well  any ideas?"
"i wasn't looking forward to closing at work, but i had a great time with friends and came home to talk with more friends until the sun just lightened the sky - now that's something to be thankful for "
is getting to bed 'early' so that i can wake up 'early' and go to rising sun! hooray for a mini-vacay!
"we made it back from the casino $400 richer but also sick as dogs  <propmale> came home from work early and i got my shift covered  for our friends in the medical field, when do we start looking for curly tails and snouts?"
"okay, i'm a dork  if you agreed to be my friend, then you already know this  but i need one more 'neighbor' on farmville to e playful and my farm, so if anyone out there is a closet 'farmer', then won't you be my neighbor? after this i promise to shut up about the whole thing - at least until i'm due for another upgrade "
we're getting a christmas tree today! i've never had a real tree before!
"we have a room at the omni and reservations at oceanaire! yay!!! tomorrow is the trans-siberian orchestra concert  i hear i should be excited about that, too "
"our little trip was wonderful! food, great  hotel, beautiful  concert, well, turned to eleven  indy, however, pales in comparison to our time with family  2009 seems to be the year of the scarf! the only downside was the late drive home last night  zero visibility, very icy, and not a plow in sight  yikes!"
"happy new year everyone! i'll be working at @thecopperbar all night, and i'd love to see some friendly faces  everyone, be safe, have fun, and i'll see ya next year!"
"why do furnaces wait until it's 10 degress outside to break down? why not, say, when the overnight lows are in the 40's?"
black
"okay, i know that the farmville posts are annoying and i wish there was a way to just send them to people who play, but for those of us who do they're helpful  and i know that the game periodically has me send gifts or whatever to people who aren't necessarily active but have an account  sorry, just ignore them  on that note, i still need friends so 'friend' me, then ignore it  thanks  wink "
"i just took a quiz that told me i'm bipolar  at first i was angry about it, but now i think it's just funny "
"once again, <propfemale> rohrmayer was working for a medical mission in haiti and her family has yet to hear any word about her whereabouts  please continue to keep meggie, the rohrmayer family, and the millions of people affected by the earthquake in your prayers  if you'd like more details, please see my earlier posts "
"the question with the fundraiser is, how big do we want to get? do we want to have a small place (like <propfirst>'s theatre) and pre-sell a limited # of tickets? do we want to partner up with a bar? thoughts, anyone?"
my mood matches the weather today 
"does anybody want a christmas tree to mulch or burn? i've removed the ornament, but not the tree! it is, however, still pretty green and lush  not bad "
"having been around the purdue campus during the brees years, i've been quietly rooting for the saints all year  however, it wasn't until ot that i realized that the saints winning meant favre might be throwing his last pass  kinda' choked me up a bit  what a great game though! it was a good day of football  wearing blue from here out!!!"
who else is so excited about lost they could just pee themselves?!
finally getting around to cleaning out the spare room  *sigh* i've been putting it off for far too long 
"i'm working my first shots shift at copper tonight  come make me feel special! tomorrow is the bridal e playful o at hulman center, where we'll be serving our food and mimosas - if you're planning a wedding and still need a caterer for food and or bar, we'd love to see you! i think we have some free tickets left   "
i am not amused by the fact that facebook keeps suggesting that i reconnect with <propfirst> furr 
"i feel like fb is kinda' sucking today - i know some of you addicts have posted more recently than three hours ago, and whenever i refresh, old stuff that hadn't been appearing pops up  something is most fishy   "
"it has been, almost exactly, one week since i've seen kenn or even heard his voice  168 hours  many of those hours have been far better than e playful ected, and only a couple have been as bad a feared  maybe it was really time "
"i finally kicked the stupid tree to the curb - i couldn't find anyone to mulch or burn it, sorry earth  but it is so nice to have reclaimed my house! now, on with my conquest   "
"i was just walking <propmale> when the mailman came  seba tried to run in the snow to see him, but hit a drift and did a perfect face-plant in the snow  then he tried to reclaim his manhood by howling at the poor guy, who was laughing his toboganned head off  i love my dogs "
"in case anyone was wondering how much snow we got last night, it's about a beagle deep in places "
i've had better days  does anybody have a computer i can use have buy? or a lead on a good deal?
i quit life 
"i just saw the dog from across the street, whose owners allow to run loose, get hit by a car  he cried the most heart and gut-wrenching sobs, then limped to his backyard  a few months ago, i saw their cat get mauled by a dog  some people do not deserve to be pet owners "
it looks like our neighbor-dog is back in his yard  i'm so glad!
"i need something to look forward to again  maybe i can save for a <propfemale>, beachy vacation "
"okay, the more previews i see for <propfemale> in wonderland, the more excited i become!"
to my fellow reading enthusiasts: check out the goodreads app - it's a neat way to share what you're currently reading and rate and review books that you've read  get on there and become my friend - my to-read list is getting short!
"i had unpleasant messages on my phone before my feet even hit the ground  upon entering the living room, i discovered that someone had peed on the rug (despite having gone outside right before i went to bed - and it really tied the room together)  and my mother wonders why i don't get out bed earlier?"
i am in way too foul a mood for such a gorgeous day 
"i have finally found something i can't eat; amaebi, or sweet shrimp, totally kicked my butt at umi last night  the fried heads - no problem! but the raw shrimp itself - problem! i got one bite down, but wasn't about to take my chances on a second "
"i decided to buy myself a ring, and i found a super-cool celtic knot suicide ring (so called because i could hide cyanide inside in case you tried to torture secrets out of me - kinda' flip-top, i guess ) i need to write a very small verse or prayer and stash it inside  any suggestions?"
"i'd like to fall for someone who will build a treehouse for our children  that way, i can sit in the treehouse and read while the kids are at school, or we can watch stars together after the kids have gone to bed  on second thought, maybe i'll just get a book on diy treehouse building "
"the joint account is closed! c-l-o-s-e-d! cuh-lowzed!!! no more paying child support for a kid i've never met and probably never would have, thanks to mr  father of the year  i asked him to take care of it for months - funny how a half-hour at the bank and two phone calls got it done for me  now, take care of your cell phone or prepare to lose it, loser!"
"thank you all for letting me vent  sorry, that seems a little harsh now that i've calmed down "
i got a red wine stain out of a white shirt and made veggie broth from scratch  i'm feeling very domestic and lovely!
"god, i am really hurting tonight "
"i've just learned that indiana bars can now be open until 3am on sundays, too  that being said, i will be behind the copper bar until 3am tomorrow, so please come and keep me company! it promises to be a very, very long night!"
"i will be bartending at the copper bar all night - that's right folks, indiana bars can now stay open until 3am! please come keep me company, it'll be a long night without you!"
"as if the guy who asked me if our martini glasses had been repaired (they have crooked stems) and gave me a hard time for clarifying that his drink was a long island when he ordered iced tea wasn't weird enough, he is now playing harmonica at the bar  i don't think i'll tell him we're open 'till 3 "
it worked out well that the lawnmower ran out of gas yesterday and i had to continue today - it gave me an excuse to drink a beer in the afternoon two days in a row!
"to the tune of 'every <propfemale> has it's thorn' - \skah-ty knooohs what eeeye driink   \"" thanks mahan """
the guy working the starbucks drive-thru is a little much on four hours of sleep 
fantastic mr  fox  pretty cussing good movie 
"the garden is in and glorious  i only bled a little  if those bunnies take this as the grand opening of the buffet, there may not be an easter next year "
"i am literally lying in bed, wide awake, imagining that i can hear bunnies eating my garden  sheesh "
"in case you were wondering, a trash bag full of un-crushed cans is worth about $1 50 at the recycling center  and it makes all the guys there laugh a little "
among the things that i love about <propfirst> sexton is his ability to bring people together  it's good to sing with <propfemale> furr and <propfirst> 
"for those of you who knew my grandmother and would like to attend, we will be having a memorial service for her at union christian church this sunday, the 2nd at 3 surprise 0 pm  i'd like to share my deepest thanks for all the love that has been extended to my family "
"doing the tax check boogy - it's not much, but it's mine!"
"it looks as though my plants survived the cold weather overnight  and, for those of you playing along at home, yes i am up unusually early  i'm working an unheard of lunch shift behind the bar at copper, so come see me!"
yay! i get to help out at the station again starting tomorrow! back to two jobs for awhile  uf!
it's '80's night at the copper bar - this should be a hoot!
"we've been cleaning my grandmother's house and have quite a bit of clothing to donate  can anyone suggest somewhere to take, or have a need for, plus-sized women's clothing?"
"if anyone is house-hunting or knows someone who is, we are selling my grandmother's house as soon as possible  it's a cute 3 br, 1 bath with a detatched 1 car garage in the sheraton park area  my family has done a lot of work to it, and it looks great, but it's going to be very affordable  let me know if you'd like to see for yourself "
there is a <propfemale> supporter in the bar right now running around with his jersey off  this is awesome 
"someday, i will likely learn the hard way to have more respect for e playful iration dates  until then, i will continue to test my gastro-intestinal system by eating things well past their 'best by:' date - thanks, milk dated the 3rd "
"i may be addicted to my new food processor  since i got it yesterday evening, i've made beer cheese, hummus, and yogurt  it's probably time for me to step away from the kitchen  just back away slowly   "
only about half an hour until i put the bowling shoes back on  this could be interesting   
"dear ants, you were not invited  find your way out of my house  yours truly, human resident"
233-159-171  my distaste for 10-pins is unchanged  i had 6 my second game!
"aah, what a bittersweet night  i am so excited to see the end of lost  but it's    the end   "
tearing up already 
i'm loving these target commercials!
i'm not sure how i feel about that 
"if anyone is trying to decide where to have lunch, stop by and see be at copper!"
"i'm trying to be a sappy nerd and watch moulin rouge, but the dvd is skipping  i could have sworn this is why we gave up vhs   "
"well, my vegetable garden is weeded, hoed, and raked  the <propmale> garden will have to wait for another day  from the sounds of it, i'm not going to have to water the gardens! now i'm craving ice cream    or sushi  okay, i'll take both "
attn! anyone around my house - i just realized that the beagle slipped out of his collar while he was outside - please please please help me look!!!
the cat likes overhearing children's stories  -amelie
"thanks, everyone, for all the birthday wishes yesterday  it was a great one!"
has anyone else caught the typo on the magnetic <propmale> schedules?
"let's go slovenia! oh yeah, and us    what's the record for disallowed goals in the wc?"
woooooooo hoooooooo!!!!!!!!!
i can't for the life of me figure out what this attractive indian woman in the margin has to do with me finishing an accounting degree online 
things i learned today: 1) ceci can swim  2) she does not enjoy it 
"just as i was beginning to agonize over whether motorist in my neighborhood were too classy to honk at a girl doing yard work in a bikini top or if i should go inside and put on a shirt, two drivers in a row restored my self-confidence  in myself, that is, not in the character of terre haute residents "
"if anyone is thinking about lunch this afternoon, you can join me at the copper bar until 5 - grilled cheese, import drafts, spiced rums, and some bombs are on special!"
i was having a really bad day until somebody caught a table on fire at work 
has anybody else seen the commercials for 'fushigi the magic gravity ball'? does anyone else have the urge to see labyrinth?
"i'm so happy to be eating a tomato from my garden, but i've come to the conclusion that i prefer red tomatos to yellow  that's probably because the yellow tomatos are the ones doing best  anybody need tomatos?"
wouldn't this be a lovely day to have dinner and a drink at the copper bar?
did anybody else on the near east side just lose their cable? or has a rabbit finally sought revenge for the garden comments?
come see me at the bar this afternoon - we have baked mostaccioli with garlic bread and a salad on special today!
"i'm excited! i was just offered a real, big-kid job!"
i've just realized that this is likely my last shift at the bar before i start the career job - come say bye with me!
"well folks, tuesday was a false alarm - today's lunch shift is really, for honest, my last shift at the bar before my big-kid job starts  of course, you can still see me and the rest of the <propfemale>'s crew on saturday - we'll be all dressed up for our rat pack night with live music and food and drink specials! ya think i can pull off <propfemale>?"
"\i went to brush something off my cheek and it was the floor \"" <propfirst> chandler"""
"does anyone know of somewhere that recycles printer cartridges for a good cause? petco used to take them for the humane society, but they've stopped and i have a handful to get off the desk!"
is anyone interested in dog-sitting tonight?
"the pups are suffering from some pretty kickin' allergies, and the vet's advice was to give them frequent baths with soothing shampoos  that and a thorough house-cleaning haven't done the trick  for you dog lovers, any thoughts on benadryl, or in general?"
"is it all in my head, or does my car really feel happier with brand new oil?"
i need a stunt double 
"\the devil ain't got no music \"" <propfemale> staples"""
i cannot focus this afternoooh look a <propfemale>!
i just kissed the beagle's face and he walked right over and whiped it off on the couch  men 
"i have a half-dozen open bottles of wine at my house from the tasting last night  shall we have a tasting this afternoon, too?"
hey neighbors - is anyone else without power?
"walmart associate i've never seen: \i just finished capping your bottles  they're right over there  i knew it was you because of how (the manger) described you \""\",8b520cbf3f407e556c5919bfffb514f2,"why is everyone driving like total id- oh crap, light changed "
have the clouds today made any other dark tower fans think of the beam?
"i have five friends celebrating birthdays today  <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale> - i hope you have a wonderful day!"
mcrib: the only sandwich that has ever made me think of pickles and onions as redeeming features 
"today, i planned to finish yardwork, take a bike ride, and bathe the dogs  that all fell apart some time around the bottle of wine and stupid movies on usa  ahh, sweet victory "
haha they smushed vick right out of his shoes  jerk 
"okay, fine, december, i will decorate for christmas now  but did you have to resort to snow already?!"
"ah deeded duh coffee, <propmale> ah burd mah dongue "
i love the iphone weather app's picture for snow! wait - did i just say that?
"here's the brain teaser i'm working on - which musical artist's songs could you play consecutively for the longest time without duplictaing a credit? so, for example, <propfirst> mccartney would have a solo career, the beatles, and wings - there's three credits  sting has two, starting with the police  got it?"
"my car has begun pelting the drivers behind me with chunks of ice  that's right, keep your distance, dummies!"
christmas songs are choking me up today!
three 12-hour days in a row really take it out of a girl 
"i am so grateful for all of my friends and family! i had such a wonderful christmas, and i hope you all did, too!"
there's been an accident in front of the mall and south-bound traffic is backed up past vorhees (or however you spell it)  'seek alternate route '
"note: never buy a $5 pretzel from the iu concessions again  however, kudos on the creative use for stale hotdog buns "
some days you're the bug 
i'm glad my dogs love me for who i am 
"i need to drive less  by then end of the week my road rage is out of control  6 surprise 0 am is too early to yell at a truck going 15 <propmale> an hour on the highway  then again, any time is appropriate to yell at a truck going 15 <propmale> an hour on the highway "
i just had to remind myself that the people on million dollar money drop can't hear me yelling the (correct) answer  but my dogs can  and they suck at trivia 
"to summarize other posts: banks, ups, and institutions of learning are all closed  the mall, however, is open for business  might our priorities be a bit skewed?"
"wow, i think this is the worst half-time show i've ever seen "
the only thing that could save this is a wardrobe malfunction 
"what a beautiful sunrise! stupid sunrise, i wanna stay in bed "
iiiiit's -springly! yay!
"oh three sheets, how i've missed you  welcome back  what's that? never heard of three sheets?! you must turn on spike!!!"
"i just saw a car on whose dirty rear window someone had scrawled \i < 3 you!\"" literally  have we really \""advanced\"" to the point that kids don't know how to draw hearts?"""
oh how i love falling asleep to thunder!
i drove by a field of inky black crows and some clean white birds that looked like sea gulls  it was an elaborate game of avian chess 
"dear <propfemale> slaven,\you are currently a partner in whine  chili doesn't make itself, ya' know?\your partner in sarcasm,\~carrie"
\due date - we have it," redbox does'nt\""\"8b520cbf3f407e556c5919bfffb514f2,"twelve-plus hour days aren't uncommon, but for some reason this thirteenth hour did me in! i'm sorry, emails, but i just can't face you tonight "
i am proud to be a tree today!
the car door just swung shut on my hand  naughty words 
"oh casita, how i love thee; let me count the ways - one large cheese dip, two bags of chips, twelve extra hot tacos, $11 29, number 242, 31 napkins    one happy girl "
"i was going to bed  really  but this is the surfin' bird episode of family guy, and, well - you know "
would you guys just stop stealing liquor so i don't have to put on these stupid security caps when i should be done with work? huh? please?! sheesh 
"the taj mahal is apparently not in business to make money  i knew they close after lunch since they've actually told me to leave before, so i called at 2:10 to place an order and was told that they closed in ten minutes and weren't cooking any more  it must be nice to work just for the love of it!"
you!!! white stuff - back to december where you belong!
"i happened to catch just a little bit of sister wives on my way to bed  negative, ghost rider "
"i'd just like to let you all know how cool <propfemale> seeley is for helping me clean out the basement and clipping the dogs' nails  what a gal, huh? i hope the yardsale fundraiser is a massive success!"
"i spent two hours fixing the shelf set in <propmale> yesterday, which the manager observed  i arrived today to find they've cut the shelf from 12 feet to 8, and everything is wrecked  you might want to stand back so you don't get hit when my head e playful lodes "
