f5f984914d1f843373ba46c3b6809eeb
just found a box of <propmale> grahams on my closet  its e playful iration date was sometime in 2003  the smell almost made me gag!!
needs people to buy my drawings so i can get out of <propfemale> and buy a plane ticket to japan!!
"going down to iowa, gonna disappear for a week   "
"just got back from themiddleofnowhere, iowa  and now i have to draw <propmale> <propfemale> for the rock and roll hall of fame by spirit lake in okoboji  yay, 10 drawings at a time d:"
"just got back from <propfemale>'s cabin  got seriously bruised up while we were tubing (but we got some serious air  ha!) now if you excuse me, i'm going to go saw off my foot "
"volunteering at my mom's work   working with little autistic children (ages 2-5) they're so cute, i love them  smile "
"i'm so scared of growing up, growing old    mortality, losing all that i've got at the present  we go day by day, baby steps  we don't even notice when one day we're making little crafts in elementary school and the next we're in high school  time goes so"
going to see <propmale> potter  smile  looking forward to the excessive use of filters  playful 
"my mom keeps on logging onto my account to play the games  just saying so it doesn't seem like i'm good at pool, haha"
"i'm working on one of the most tedious drawings i've done   i've been working on it ever since summer started  haha, the graphite on my fingers is getting all over the keyboard  playful "
"just got the book i need to read for history   if i read 30 pages a day, then i'll have at least ten days to write the paper  yay "
is now on a personal quest to kill whoever created mah <propfemale> 
"has a job interview tomorrow  selling myself isn't exactly my strong point, though  playful "
"if you want to improve your anatomy and sketching skills, check out posemaniacs com ! it really helps a lot, especially the 30 second drawing "
"i just checked online  i got 1st and 3rd place at the state fair! the old chinese man drawing probably got 1st  but i can't find the big ribbon winners, like grand champion   if anyone can find them, please tell me?  playful "
just finished my ap homework! but is there a certain number of pages the essay can be? i think mine's a bit long   
"'s backpack already weighs 30 pounds, and it doesn't seem possible that another 2'' binder'll fit in there  another fun year at school "
"anybody know a place that's hiring? need money, and nobody's buying my  drawings d:< (i'm trying to come up w money for a plane ticket for spring break)"
<propfirst> and <propfemale> were amazing   they sure gave people a reason to spend their money at theaters during the depression!
"trying to sing with a tuner for the first time, and i'm so off the needle's bouncing everywhere   do any good singers have advice for an inept first-timer?"
screw playing it safe  i'm going to risk becoming a starving <propmale>ist and try to <propmale> in <propmale>  maybe it'll take me somewhere   ??
"no man is an iland, intire of it selfe; every man is a peece of the continent, a part of the maine; if a clod <propfemale> washed away by the sea, europe is the lesse, as well as if a promontorie were, as well as if a mannor of thy friends or of thine own were; any mans death diminishes me, because i am involved in mankinde; and therefore never send to know for whom the <propfemale> tolls; it tolls for thee "
"i know geek= computer obsessed, techie  so what's the difference between dork and nerd??"
and has anyone ever noticed how lol looks like a bald man drowning? i seriously cannot see it any other way 
hoping for a snow day!!   even though everybody knows it's not happening 
is drawing <propmale> from the office 
"i just wrote a a two-page response about how learning other languages is good and beneficial, to a californian who was pissed off that the \real\"" californians are being replaced by latinos  i think i'm paying too much attention in spanish class """
"and i just realized, i didn't turn my ap gov binder in on wednesday  i accidentally turned my spanish binder in instead  craaaap "
"thoreau wasn't nearly as bad as everyone said he was  then again, i did only read the conclusion  playful "
"apparently i have sociology next semester, and i had no idea??? i didn't even sign up for it! thought i had drawing again  annoyed \"
that anime freak on american idol made me sad  i can never watch that show; i get way too embarrased for them  laugh 
"i found, in the depth and bowels of my graphing calculator, the full written lyrics to la vie boheme (rent), from when i was in ninth grade  it takes 1 minute 13 seconds to scroll down all the way  my god, i was bored in geometry "
"i've come to the realization that, strangely enough, the reason i'm falling out with an old friend is i'm not nerdy enough  as if i wasn't nerdy to begin with  strange how people drift in and out, for the most idiotic reasons "
"damn facebook apps, posting when i don't want them to  sorry d:"
"shut up, tetris  don't you speed up your music at me "
i cannot wait until i'm out of highschool and can mentally brain dump chemistry 
"oh my god we have to read until <propfemale> 221??? pfff, yeah right "
"my, is the grapes of wrath a delightful read  it's so uplifting and the plot simply sprints  i'm so glad i can spend the rest of my night reading the remaining 80 pages  laugh "
i always feel slightly nauseous after seeing friends i haven't seen since elementary school   that are caked in makeup and fake tans  annoyed 
"you know the one thing i'm going to remember when i'm 80 years old? p  <propmale> 42 wallaby way, <propfirst> "
"best pencils in the world? a mechanical pencil, 2h, and 6h  i barely use anything else anymore! (to draw, haha)"
"si hiciera bueno en la prueba manana, seria muy muy muy feliz  pero, no es posible por que no se <propfemale>  sad "
"i really, really, really dislike bristol paper  it relies on blending rather than building up shades w a pencil   and i hate blending; it musses things up  sad  dang smooth papers and me having to use them for class "
"there's been this crazy shooting pain in this one spot on the side of my head for the past day now,a nd it's driving me crazy  annoyed  that, and i might be sick  nothing like being plugged up and congested during ap testing!"
"went to the doctors' and got a blood test done, and i fainted  surprise  definitely not giving blood anytime soon "
"\never memorize what you can look up in books \"" -einstein\",f5f984914d1f843373ba46c3b6809eeb,"this new drawing is going to be different, special   i'm gonna go beyond anything i've done before, really push the medium to its limits  i'm going to create something so photorealistic that just the technical skill will be enough to make it more than a photocopy; it will stand alone as its own piece, its own work of art \\that would show mrs  elie "
"just found out from someone   apparently my 'breaking facade' drawing (the one with the cracks) wasn't even judged at the county fair? it was too big  annoyed  i am not a happy camper  it's not even <propmale> up on the wall, it's just hiding out somewhere   why the hell did they even accept it if it was too big? why didn't they tell me? ugh "
"to the people in the high school: please don't mistake me for a sophomore in the halls  sad  \\sincerely, the midget "
i wanna be forever young      sad 
"i love how the most hypocritical people are often the loudest  they spew out the most virtuous, righteous morality that all the cool kids are trending, but at the same are disgustingly vulgar  they e playful ect grand things from their leaders, from their country, that they themselves can't even control in their own lives  they, who have the least knowledge of the intricacies of it all, are the ones to criticize the most "
"we bought a little fish, a guppy  two hours later, it disappeared  where did the dumb thing manage to go? oh, the mysteries of nature "
i got accepted to moore! i'm going to philadelphia next year!!!
anyone know how to adjust contrast settings on a laptop? mine went weird after i was trying to fix the touchpad  annoyed 
wait   there was a football game today?
