6060254c5bd5087a33b1c695d4490944
tatted up!!
puffing trees to get me high as trapeze flipping japanese at ease when i'm stacking g's!!!!!
is procrastinating as usual
<propmale> jeter=savage
gotta get rid of it all
texeira cano break through just in time for the world series  now all we need is swisher to a  stop bein a little bitch or b  retire n we set!! we take it at home sat night its meant to be!!!!!
"bitches in the back lookin right-eous, in the tight dress, i think i might just hit her wit a little biggie 101, how to tote a gun, and have fun with jamaican rum, conversations, blunts in rotation"
"you know the come up, stack get right, put the gun up, laugh get nice, split the blunt up, pray blue and whites don't run up, remain humble, you see the change when the range come through"
yankees lost=can't sleep  just seen geno chillin w a ghost=really can't sleep  
i speak for all yankee fans when i say i love to see <propmale> still getting it done
"human crack in the flesh, im the last of the best, one word to describe me, spectacular, yes"
happy halloween              goin back to my roots   gettin sauced n blunted ridin bikes around town w the crew    holla if u wanna get up or get down
"niggas fear what they don't understand, hate what they can't conquer, guess it's just the fury of man, became a monster, on top of the world, never fallin, i'm as real as they come, from day one, forever ballin"
yankee parade friday whoevers down get at me
bitches are hurt holla if u hear me!
im outstanding like standing outside up in the twister and walking not damaged standing outside up in the blizzard and walking hot handed
fuck the game don't let the game fuck you
"one in a million, i'm strong young and appealin', was born son of a villain, put on in front of my building"
has broncitis fuuucck
"one for the haters, two for the true and the raiders, i know dudes who eat your food with a razor, its <propmale>, barbaric, brutal behavior, called addict, i talk about the jewelry later  "
is gettin panera n coldstone wat could be better?
lost ones
i used to have the tre duce n the deuce deuce in my bubblegoose now i got the <propmale> in my knapsack loungin black smokin sacks up in acts and sidekicks with my sidekicks rockin fly kicks
is sick of being sick and wants to go out!! fuuck
u gotta be kiddin!!
cheescake factory say whaaat
pacha tn anybody?
is fasting all day so he can stuff himself
is gettin so busy on this feast
wants to know why the fuck its been 2 weeks and hes still sick and cant breathe  he also wonders did he possibly catch the pnemonia????????  does anyone out there have an inhaler to spare me a few puffs im dyin over here!!!!!
is most definitely gettin it poppin!!
they said they found me on the bathroom floor   damn
somebody up there's fuckin with me hardd body
free for a new years kiss this year holla back
a new year and yet another decade is leaving us  its only right that this bottle of <propfemale> 2000 must go along with it  2011 is going to be a good year!!!!
<propmale> family fun night
yo the fog is crazy tn i feel like a zombie is about to jump out on me on some resident evil shit
oh you gas-sy huh?
"ok  now ima go off on em   at first i was goin soft on em, but now its time to go haard, bustin bangin boguard! take a shit in yo yard! take a piss on yo broad! make a list of yo boys n go n murder them all!  life is short yea a midget told me that and i always thought i was fly like i had a pigeon on my back"
laughing my ass off
i love sneakers  put your thumbs up (like button) if you love sneakers too
anyone down for snowboarding tomorrow?
"i was like yeah, shorty don't care, she a snake too!"
balls 2 wall tn !
got <propfemale> sauced last night  i dont even wanna be up right now  goin 2 get somethin greasy to eat
"i love to hit it backwards, call it pig latin"
wants to do so many things all in one night    and cant decide what to do
im addicted to this life its gon' be hard to quit
anyone wanna buy a 8gig itouch brand new in box?
im becoming an avatar    as soon as we come across pandora im out   catch me on my flying dragon
whats good for tonight??       8gig itouch brand new unopened in box for sale who want it?
"hold the person that you love closely if theyre next to you  the one you love, not the person that simply has sex with you  appreciate them to the fullest extent and then beyond, cause you never really know what you got until its gone"
all around the world girls all around the world this goes out to girls all around the world
disciplined intellectual beauty's what i <propfemale>
aint shit safe!
got a condo in colorado march 4-9   everythings paid for u just gotta pay for ur plane ticket and lift tickets  who wit' it?
needs to go out for a drink or 12  who wit it?
had a shit-in-the-gutter-morning so in return im gettin shit done n then im out  goin to the bk n maybe manhattan to make the best of things cuzz thats all i can do  n i got money to blowww  who wit it?
bk who wit it??
where brooklyn at where brooklyn at?
lose some then i lose again when im gon' win some?
how ever many people you bless is how you measure success
"life is a, uh, depending how you dress her  so if the devil wear prada, <propfirst> n <propfemale> wear <propfemale>, im in between but wayy more freshher"
fuck these parts-back to the bk stuntin in the cls
anyone for beer & wings @ halftime??? blow me upp
it aint trickin if u got trick trickin if u got it everybody know it aint trickin if u got itt
ne1 down for panera
getting things done w my grown man on fuck the daffodils n dandelions feel me!!
tearin up the outlets or the mall or both idk throwin money call me if u wanna take a ride
"enough of all u \i-feel-sorry-for-myself-i-dont-have-a-<propfirst>\""-knuckleheads!!  be ur own <propfirst>!! takin my day to the mall throwin money and if im not satisfied im goin to the outlets  this is the way it should be  i might even buy myself a flower n a box of chocolates who knows  i got me for life!!"""
"most of the time ppl go out w nothin in mind worth celebrating, just out for a good time  the rest just wanna get drunk to 4get all the negativity their lives attract (but im not talking to ne of you)  each night b4 you go out come up w a new reason to celebrate and see that it dont bring positivity to your life     tn im goin out to celebrate how i became such a god damn success  hit me up if u know how to celebrate"
omg and a celebration it was
movies? bowling? <propmale> n busters? or bar tn??????
wow     im a god damn chef
shutter island fuck yeh! been waiting since 09 wtf
just got fresh courtesy of boogie  shower mall someone hit me up with plans for tonight its a celebration
takin my irresponsible no good down right dirty drunken <propmale> over sister to work cuz she dnt know where her car is at makin me late for the mall n shit fuck
ne1 out there gettin <propmale> wild tonight?? if so let me know where to be n ill get there
doin what the fuck i want hate me all the fuck you want real niggas fuck with me and i dont give a fuck who dont!
"i made it like that, i bought it like that, im livin like that"
yo ladies love what i been through blood on my <propmale> boots snub noses club closes down where my mens shoot but she cant stand im sharin everything with the fam that means them too
there might be bugs on the rest of you mugs but there aint no bugs on me!
my bad people i got hit w a virus fuck
"yea im feelin good and spiritual healin hoods with the shit up out my kitchen im pitchin it its really good smokin drinkin im like a fish and ill probably shit on ya bitch probably piss on her lips and shell probably give you a kiss, nasty!"
you know the come up stack get right put the gun up laugh get nice split the blunt up pray blue and whites dont run up remain humble you see the change when the range come through
posted up with the geek squad  hahaha
makin breakfast then comin back to bed and eatin it  aka breakfast in bed
i gotta get on a better sleep schedule lol
baby if you give it to me ill give it to you i know what you want you know i got it baby if you give it to me ill give it to you as long as you want you know i got it
takin a long ass shower  goin to dublin down shuttin shit down makes sense right? gettin smacked and definitely not driving my car home   hope i make it back tonight
omg tjs gonna order the whole menu n save half for later
needs to see some sun wtf?? bunch of errands chores n gettin soup or somethin rockin my rain jacket
if this snow gets in the way of me getting to atlantic city tomorrow im gonna flip a fuckin shit on mother nature n then find someone with a private helo to fly me there asap!!
atlantic city!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no snow stoppin the 4 wheel drive might get there late but the task is to get there n thats exactly what im gonna do    im sucker free this year!!
yo now i was downtown clubbin ladies night seen shorty she was crazy right n i approach baby like whats your age n type? she looked at me like you's a baby right i told her im 19 n live a craazyy life plus ill tell u what the 80s like n i know what ladies like need a man thats polite listens n takes advice i could be all three plus i can lay the pipe
your inception fuck perception go with what makes sense
last time i had kfc was 2 years ago and it was exactly how i remembered it
vanessa: that kids from guam probably only speaks spanish or some shit    stewie griffin: let me tell you something nessa a bullet sounds the same in every language so stick a fuckin sock in it you cow!
smokin some reefer maybe goin to dublin idk hit the <propfirst>
wtf why cant i go out one night n not get drunk like i tell myself???????
just got 50% off entire purchase at the ski shop due to my charm but she told me it was really just bc im so god damn attractive idk i didnt argue either way im hitting the slopes of colorado tomorrow n im fuckin fired up like <propfirst> moli at dublin last night!!!!
i need a ride to the airport tomorrow at 12 sharp any takers? fully prepared with collateral i have money or really good sex depending on your gender
peace out ny c u next tuesday!
im unhappy to be back home and my next trip on the 22nd is too far away therefore im gonna go visit my dudes in between now and then n i cant waiit
you never know a good thing till it's gone
weed smokers love me like they love buddha
omg u shoulda seen me tn
i take i dont ask for nothin u fake i look past ya frontin for cash ima glutten ima bad influence
"im thirsty, im hungry"
wake up n smell the coffee   
who doesnt love bird shit?? chirp chirp gobble gobble wobble hahaha
when i say nice i mean lookin right and u cant put a price on somethin lookin right if they ask how much tell em what its lookin like everything i buy fly its like im bookin flights if i want it ima get it that should not be taken light   
yo i gotta get on a better schedule for this weather
eatin breakfast n ballin out hit me if u game  
bout to go smoke a blunt n go <propmale> diving holla
can anybody take me to the airport in the am?
im out!!!!!! flight to florida peace!! disconnecting myself from the world for a little bit holla at me in april         
back on the block
omg im smoking so much reefer!!
its colder in my apartment than it is outside this is great news like lets get the day started
bout 2 eat a cupcake n be stuck for the night holla
i respect a woman but this bitch is crazy
10 oclock in the morning sun is blaring r u kiddin me??? makin cd n beachingggggg
get real
got 2 tickets for yankees opening day tomorrow   who wants to come with me??
i could really use a nice massage right about now   
fuck it goin to albany n cortland n comin back when the fuck i feel like  
albany was sick killed it in cortland on way to brooklyn hold me down
its 420 already time goes too fast who wants to burn and toast to that??
<propfemale> christmas everybody gonna go cut some trees down bang my <propfirst>
yankees all day
"happy earthday lets all go drive our cars and litter out the window and smoke and mix recyclables with non recyclables and maybe later celebrate with beers, bbq, and a bonfire, and later piss on the street, and all the other daily activities we participate in what a great holiday that no1 even knows is today yay for <propfemale>"
"i had some crazy dreams last night and a crazy ass nightmare, and then woke up with the song faithfully by journey in my head for whatever reason    point being i need a dutch who's down??"
i shouldn't have drove   tell me how i'm getting home
dont really gotta tell you that im smokin good you smell it through the walls
anyone down for a dutch during this wonderful thunder storm were blessed with tonight????
if ne1 has a time portal that can bring me back to last night id really appreciate it thank you and godspeed
word of the day    smut    i highly encourage everyone to use it in their daily vocabulary   
does anyone know how to create your own fan <propfemale>???? i have endless ideas that consist of sheer brilliance   
when theres a will theres a way             loving this storm
lambourghini dreams beach house wishes pour bottles of champagne for my beach house bitches it aint new to me
talk to me i talk back
did you know?   the amount of technical information is doubling every 2 years  for students starting a 4 year technical degree this means that half of what they learn will be outdated by their third year of study
"did you know?   if you're one in a million in china  there are 1,300 people just like you  <propfemale> will soon become the number one english speaking country in the world "
money's blinding jewels are hypnotizing
feelin mahself feelin feelin mah self
my spider senses is tinglin  
wtf is anybody doing tonight give me a good plan
stunt hard on these bitches i ain't promised tomorrow
the game need change n im the mmothhaa fuckin cashier
aint no time outs death is the only time we gon sign out so we gon grind out
"bring it on if u think u can <propfemale>; n if not, then let me do my t<propfemale>"
she cool she a <propfirst> she ain't trippin off the weed smoke
everyone is home summer is here i love it i fuckin love it
who's ever goin to the beach call to meet up
i just wanna freak ur body oddy oddy  i kno u dnt do this for every body oddy but everybody aint as horny as me  and ur bodies  callin  meee
i'm in luv w a hooter  
goin to the grocery store to get some food and pick up women  
owww!!! ho's turn their heads like      owwwwwww!!!! im the man of the    ow 
does anybody have kan jam that i can borrow for the day??? please
who knows where my bike went?
"attention: to all you females who grew up live on long island, you are not, i repeat, you are not a diva!!!"
"is anybody interested in riding upstate w me saturday to see <propmale> matthews, stay the night, and pick up my dog on the way home sunday?????"
<propmale> matthews tonight upstate comin back home with a new dog tomorrow
had a great weekend   on my way back home with my new puppy holla back
has the cutest hottest sexiest puppy in the mothafuckin world!!!!!
everybody come see my pup wup!!
who has a puppy that is looking to schedule a play date?
cheveyo's up 5 pounds in a week holla   taking shots like a champ no hesitations not a peep   i am a very proud father
cheveyo just killed it   shout out to all the fine young grads up on that cruise ship of a party bus
i'm bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets burn it all burn it all i'm startin it fresh cuz half the time i got it right i probably guessed
anybody else up early tryin to get the day started??
sippin on <propfemale> tn hollaaaa
starting my week off right in port washington
what's everyone doing tn? who knows of fireworks?
all dressed up and nowhere to go
back to liife back to reality  
"congrats to the newest owner of a droid-you did one up me and you do deserve it, i admit you caught me leaving my phone out one time and all it takes is one mistake   but just one thing maybe next time you could just ask me for the money if your situation is that hurt this way i could still keep all my priceless photos n videos and personal information thanks    broke fucken bums out there i tell ya"
is anyone doing anything this morning or want to make something happen ??
wish i had a girl in times like these
<propfemale>mme see <propfemale>mme see <propfemale> <propfemale>mme see ya tongue ring <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>mme see <propfemale>mme see <propfemale> <propfemale>mme see ya tongue ring <propfemale>mme see ya tongue ring <propfemale>mme see ya tongue ring
been feeling pretty sick lately   maybe a virus or something? i need to throw it all up and get it out my system    i think im gonna turn on jersey shore  that should do the trick   
she actin like she not but u know she fuckin wit it she said i seen it all i said no you fuckin didnt
cheveyo's farts smell most similar to diarrhea
i cant take cheveyos farts anymore im leaving
looking for a compatible room mate short term  u cook u clean i bring home the $$$   inquire resume within  smile 
nice night to jump in the pool n burn it down holla if u hear me
i deserve a queen  but ill probably end up with some filthy peasant
even though women change i will always like dimes
is officially cpr certified after today   choke artists holla i got the fix u need ahh!
family party = mimosa's before 12 = gettin drunk today  call me
chaazze n quakers
without a response from me you really fail to exist and i love to see you fail that feeling there is the shit i swear ahh!!!
this fkn fly wont leave me alone someone throw me a swatter
caught in the life i cant let it go whether its right i wont ever know but here goes nothing  
<propmale> polo fish out of water
"de <propfemale> vu, the universe, life, human intelligence (or lack there of), time and matter, spirits and souls, paranormal activity, etc  etc     if anyone has anything interesting to say inquire within  "
need maid service stat
movado movado oh where have you gone? oh where oh where can you beee???
if youre sexy and you know it clap your hands!! clap clap!
space bound!
one of the most beautiful skies i've seen in my life tonight
i had a really good status in mind but i forgot
more than the usual
i hate living in a conformed society  if humans are so intelligent tell me why were all living the everyday struggle    when i m wealthy i'm buyin out a private island n flyin my jet there n takin whpever feels this way along w me  you're welcome
@ giant game   !
shallow shallow waters
the ignorance in this country is unbearable
it turns to winter overnight
you never know the right way until you've been wrong
beats by dre
cheveyo is rancid  but he turned 6 months today so i cant get mad 
fuck school buses makin me late every day
anyone want tickets for the playoff game sat night?
loves girls that work at the mall
easy come easy go
you are the weakest link     goodbye!
we're speaking from e playful erience - is there any other way?
goin into cleaning mode for one time in my life imagine that   runnin the full strip down on the apt gonna feel good once its done and then im gonna take a picture before i never see it like this again
take those fuckin heels off its worth it girl
the sound of silence caused a ringing in my ears
kid tested mother approved
dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power
shes a haggler no im not taggin her
"\robinson cano this season: no <propfemale>s here at yankee stadium\""    if cano has one <propfemale> tonight ill see to it that the announcers body is found missing"""
can anyone take me to ronkonkoma train station at 330??
da mudderfruckin playoffs!!!!
got amped up for nothing tn fuucckk  sad (  i'm shot i need a massage its times like these i need a booboo
blame it on the alcohol
so uhh im just gonna throw this one out there what ever happened to girls bein more mature and growin up faster than guys??? cuz ur all lookin like a sloppy game of duck duck goose n no it is not a good look
if you come lookin for a hard time  hard times arent hard to find  
whos gettin down for the yankee game tn????
yo who's dude????
killed it las night
don't sweat
open up your heart what do u feel
lady in the streets pornstar in bed
your head will collapse but theres nothing in it so you ask yourself   where is my mind?
im down for a one night stand ill accept it any way that i can cause i aint your man!!
pardon my swag
suck fluts
"i was like yeah, but is she fb material?!?!?!?!?!???"
u dont want a grenade to blow up on ya
yo i need a mean fuckin breakfast
anyone trying to hit up a haunted house tonight?
id throw my life against the hood of a car bend it over backwards in the freezing cold and fuck that bitch straight up yo whatt
my anaconda don't want none unless u got buns hun
i'm doin me and ur girl doin the saame shit
poker at my place tn in need of a cocktail waitress who looks good in lingerie n can serve a stiff drink  i got a big tip for ya inquire resume within:
ne1 wanna go to the diner?
yo i wanna play crash bandicoot
who's watchin the fight tn?
if ne1 out there has ne sort of balls n wants to play poker hit my <propfirst>
i had it right the first time
two nickels make a dime every time
frames cant catch ya when youre movin like that
wise man say only fools fall in
this weekend starting tomorrow is going to be so out of control
giving thanks
played hooky
one week later im still giving thanks
im all about my like button n my poke
ill poke the shit out u
insomnia times a million n one
consequences keep weighin me down so whenever she thinks im serious im playin around it gets deeper and colder the funny thing is im writin this in my head and she asleep on my shoulder like   dont u have a man? why are u trying to be my girl?
chocolate chip banana pancakes
bustin out the hat n gloves tn
dont feel like wakin up tomorrow    so im prolly not gonna
"whos that girl?! la la <propfemale>, la la <propfemale>"
wanna play sick? we can all get illlll
chef boyardee
finished school and start my internship tomorrow very excited change is great keep it moving people
n if you pillow talkin with the women that are screwin u just know that she gon tell another nigga when she through with u
salty n pepperish
how are these dudes out on crotch rockets right now  i'm sittin in the car freezin nuts w the heat on wtf
on my extra super grind
the allure of breakin the law is always too much for me to ever ignore i got a thing for them big body benz's it dulls my senses
christmas cheers and homemade sangria
ne1 up for the city tn?
yo i wanna watch like <propfirst> brown n christmas movies
to all my fellow m a 's       guess who gets in on time at 9 every morning????????
"loading swag   \???????????????? 100% complete"
ny is all about the last minute shopping
loves natural pretty women especially on christmas <propfemale>
got iced for xmas
fuckin loves the cold and snow
4 wheel drive is tight  gridin holla back
"\the best journeys answer questions that in the beginning you didn't even think to ask\"""""
what a clusterfuck of events
"back to life, back to reality"
which activities make you lose track of time?
"\fear of the unknown is the greatest fear there is\"""""
i feel like 2010 never even came yet and now its gone
she looks good in whatever she wears         shes not wearing uggz!!!!
e-brakin every parking lot in medford holla
where can we go ice skating??
is it a good idea to bet my bank account on the eagles over packs?
were gettin dumped on this week so siked
finished intern today celebration begins!!!!!
<propmale> says touch your toes get low get low
10-20 inches by tomorrow yeesssssssssssssssssss
girl id trade it all money and cars and everything all even give up my street dream all anything to have you on my team all baby girl id trade it  nahhhh
do you do?
if there's anybody in the world that's hungry right now call me
biggest snowflakes i've ever seen in my life
sledding at 4am whos wit it wit it?
home at 6 up at 10 i still get excited like a little boy who wet his pants for snow
lets go to bald hill and build a huge jump
built a 30 foot igloo call my phone to chill and check this out
bout to poop my pants
are there any good movies playing?
this womens lingerie football league is bad news for my dvr   all i do is hit the rewind  and slow motion for me movin slow motion for meeeee
250 on green bay wish me luck
the more money we come across the more problems we see
rain?! wtf??????
nipples are weird when you really look up close
this maze im in amazes me at times
partee een <propfirst> ghettoo een da <propfirst> ghettoo
passin out pt  ii
looking for a one night stand inquire with a like button or holla!
no1s up to chill n i'm awake as a bat kind of tight
tryin not to over think  only cuz i drove and i done had a lot to drink
good women are rare too none of them have came close
"road trippin' usa   peace out fb, ny hold me down!! if ur warm heart desires to contact me call text see ya when i see ya wouldnt wanna be ya"
cheveyo=#1 wing man
starting to forget what the cold feels like
i'm it
if you dont like my fire then dont come around cuz im gonna burn one down
i drove by the fork in the road and went straight
californ i a 
u think u like me now wait until the light hit me
look for me young b cruisin down the west side
brb k g2g bbl lyl
x chunky peanut butter banana n jelly on multigrain w a <propfemale> n peach tea
