4ac0e20a763435b286e36eaa56315c47
if you feel like you have to poop it's working
"sick of the every day grind, gonna go find myself a new bind "
<propfemale> fil<propfemale> boit     wut?
time for a good ol' kingdom hearts all night throw down  i'm in the mood for teen angst 
"there's something i gotta do, ma   get trashed and listen to brand new "
"here's to you, here's to me "
and so three cheers for my morose and grieving pals 
"cut your finger on the edge 'cause it's sharper than they told you, take a leap from out the window because its way to far to go through the door "
bored and lonely 
just found something to do tonight 
morrowwiiiinnnnd
i'm on my way to happiness where i can find some peace and rest!
arts and crafts!
passed my ged with flying colors  got the diploma in the mail  got my sunshine back  it's all good 
"so tongue in cheek with stale irony - if it pleases you, it pleases me "
"considering busting into \war and peace\""  any thoughts?"""
has befriended a house fly 
we dug these holes we crawled into  now they're my home!
brand new is the best band on the planet 
who still plays wow?
"azeroth, here i come!"
would kill for a bowl 
zip zop zoopitty bop
"\at first i had thought that everything was the same  only now do i realize everything is truly different \"""""
sunday is for church 
"one toe over the line, sweet jesus "
hates those damn sno-cone stand kids 
doesn't have to go back to school tomorrow  or ever 
"mucinex, hallowed be thy name "
holy guacamole 
"it's hydrochloric, yo "
the gnomes have found a new way to say hooray
"the universe is between my teeth  shall i leave it whole to savor the flavor? or chomp away, away, away   "
where the words were are only pictures now 
tumbling through time and space- where is the relief?
"oh, woe is me  i've lost my way out on the sea "
"tumultuous territory! turn 'round, it's scary in there "
"face it head on, but only til the end  turn 'round! it's scary there "
anger is the only thing that scares me 
is omgsooooosooooore
"has christ-like intentions, but the hands of brutallus "
extended maintenance can suck my wings 
"she said goodbye to the ground, she said goodbye to the ground and juuuuuuumped!!!!!!!!!!"
"is out of provocative, pretty sounding things to say "
"f-f-f-faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaark  the sudden realization of the necessity of a legal form of photo identification for many different tasks in this mortal world (see- food handlers permit) has left me with a sour taste in my mouth  defeat is never sweet, but it is far better than self defeat "
the sun is a hole and there's a light outside 
little mr  pac-man eatin all the dots in my mind 
teeeeech suuppppooooorrrrt
"howling blast? moar liek \i win \"""""
c'mon and get down on the dilly <propfirst> dance floor
"dude, try the punch"
technicolor healthhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaa
just got the hush sound's discography  life is good 
"my garage, it's the place to be "
is very amused by chowder 
feeling very mediocre 
"make a little money, take a lot of shit- feel real bad, then get over it  this will be a better year  thanks harlem shakes "
if life gives you lemons then thus god bade 
lives in the garage now 
"hate to say it, but i honestly can't wait for new <propfemale> "
speaker tower to heaven
"visiting from mars, headed soon to pluto "
postal service 
made little lies and then he pulled them apart 
gimme sumthin to (insert comical verb)
sippin on sake
is having determination problems 
i shrug at all these things 
you go bono 
they all know that i've come home to faaaaall 
all tabbed out 
puffy face
continuous aggravation
is you on drugs?
caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaspaaaaaaaaaa
"screw azeroth, i'm going to eberron "
green warrior is about to die
bleak 
inadequate! inadequate! inadequate! inadequate! inadequate!
it's so cold in this house 
"thank you, gentlemen of bungalouski  another raging night achieved "
fat camp looks like hell 
tomorrow is the day we are born anew 
'bout to go cockerspaniel hunting   murderous intent 
all i can say after that is weneedvices 
"recieved my first concussion today  oh, the sweet kiss of asphalt "
the color of the sky suggests the end is nigh 
 drowse
"footprints turned to fertalizer, stop and watch the flowers bloom "
this will be a better yeeeeeeeaaaaaar
all my friends forgot how to answer the phone 
fitty thousand watts o funk 
encourages army blanket use 
make mead>become viking>??????>profit 
makin room for his love and a fire gone blaze 
big blue looks like a <propfemale> me ha me ha wave 
gollllllllduck 
better put my dancing shoes on 
"goodnight, short night "
can't help but screw things up
cuz i got dat swag boi dat swag you <propfemale> had boi
kooloo limpah 
lets all be cavemen so we can love eachother again 
"jesus christ, rhianna  shut up "
lovin all the pokemanz i'm seeing  wish there were more
is now an adult 
whom     whom          whom              uuuughh 
<propmale> thy time has come
the creatures all know that it's safer in the dark 
the blank eyed thing keeps lurching forward 
_______ is used to running away from his problems  _______ is going to find out that there's really no where to run anymore 
"purple <propfemale>, rock my sky man "
i'm dreading a time that is not near as a man on a cross i have no fear i can't believe these words i'm saying   you got to feel your lines you got to feel your lines
lurking  b  for the first time in ages  memmmmorieeeees all alone in the moooooonliiiii-oh my god
"stephaniemanatee: jihaj squiresox: jihad? stephaniemanatee: yeah jihad stephaniemanatee: i forgot to tell you stephaniemanatee: im in a cult stephaniemanatee: dude squiresox: i don't think islam is a cult, dude "
about that heavy snow    ?
"i'm comfortable calling this heavy sleet  it only gets slipperier from here, folks "
everyone needs to stay inside 
sick of holdin on to nothin when i just want to hold your hips 
off to the always weird pre-christmas dream 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone "
"sliding gloves, new vans, the most bad ass plaid shirt i've ever seen    a pen set     other assorted clothes  hell yeah  <propfemale> christmas"
big top cupcake      
seems to me a wall's been encroaching  seems to me it's time to go poaching 
do uap do uap do uap do uap!
"they say you need to pray if you wanna go to heaven, but they don't tell you what to say when your whole life has gone to hell"
baked <propfemale> peppers 
"well if we take all these things and we bury them fast and we pray that they turn to seeds, then to roots into grass it'd be alright  it's alright  it'll be easier that way "
little too much weirdness in that last dream
"you don't have to know things, you just have to know how they seem "
"my god, i'm a tomato!"
"ahayyyy, california waiting  every little thing's gotta be just right  saaaaaay why you tryin save me? why can't i get back to my lonely life?"
what's the only appropriate thing to do after watching banana fish?
it's like everything just happens without any input from me and then i just sit back and consider and ponder and investigate   except consequences fall on me instead of none at all 
tree time is free time
" conformist \omg i love norman\"" status update  but seriously   hit up the g spot while you can  or just outside in general  it's beautiful out there """
nothin but change 
killing in the name of
cut the tip of my finger nearly in half  straight through the fingernail 
"no i didn't say i'm flawless, but i damn sure don't tarnish "
gotta see muse live someday  just have to 
just donated blood  time to rest @_@
all you guys don't have to go to school    but i have to go to work 
"rip, my friend  your verse taught me many things, but most of all to make the best of the time we have  take time for the fat lady "
it's nature's shitty sno-cones 
i'm    gonna          ! head shot!
latent 
"i need the smell of summer, i need it's noises in my ear "
"once i start to recollect these days and nights just don't connect  i'm scared of how much i know i'll forget, someone please tell me what i did next"
"who just saw that?! go saints, holy hell "
"walked on a whim, found an old friend "
bump formspring me juscasbra
a peace bone got foooound in a dinosaur wing! and then i dropped it and it broke 
azeroth's sweet caress   
thedevilandgod   
how can i e playful ress that my life is completely different now?
mannaz 
this will be a better year 
no matter what they say i am still the <propmale> 
"so i'm asking you to shine on and stick around, cause i'm not writing my goodbyes "
oh so sober 
"the choice was yours, but you said choose"
"chop 'em down, chop 'em down nah nah nah nah"
lost a lot  still i strive 
x
first whole day 
cheers to tuesday night 
combo-holidays are the best 
"you gimme the blues, i wanna lay down and diiiiiie"
"boy ya been a naughty girl, ya let your nickers down   "
"i'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden, in the shade "
"you gimme the blues, i wanna lay down and diiiiiie"
"never again, 324"
"i'm a bitter man,i know, but listen <propfemale> you're no fun "
nothin but change 
"i'm pledging my time to you, hoping you'll come through too"
"angsty, lol "
luuuuuucy  happy holiday <propfemale>!
happy holidays
chomp chomp chomp
i advise against stopping time  it takes more of a toll than you know
one of these days i'm going to cut you into little pieces
hahahahahahaha
"i move within myself and the gods shine down upon my weary shell; let there be light, love and life "
shiiiiiiiine oooooon you craaaaaaazy diiiiiiiamond
n m f
bungalouski  thank you 
life is a water fall- we're one in the river and we're one again after the faaaaaaall
i'm laughing at how stupid i've been  ha! ha ha ha!
meeoooooow-kitties! meeoooooow-kitties! meeooooow-kitties! - animal collective 
"yes, a martyr "
remember when you were young? you shone like the sun 
"\   with the elder slow to burn among fires that singe \"""""
new boondocks is going to be epic  can't wait 
bad place bad place
ya damn stupid crack head
"fuck you, <propmale> gibbard "
is officially attending wakarusa '10 
bungalouski tonight at brothers what? what? what?
"raaaaaaaaage  stuck in the city, people meeting up at my house before the bungalouski show and i'm probably going to miss both of these events "
bungalouski did great last night  i can tell because i'm very sore 
now there's a look in your eyes- like black holes in the sky 
someone be trollinnn
sometimes  
surely i'll pay for my digressions  surely 
straight to the moooooooooooooooooooooooooon
"have i told ya, have i told ya? have i told ya, have i told ya? you can really get it on, you can really get it on"
when there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire 
s t r a i g t t o t h e m o o n 
"bad mind, let me put on good habits  been working to put on good habits  sometimes i can't find my good habits "
"yes there were times, i'm sure you knew, when i bit off more than i could chew  but through it all, when there was doubt, i ate it up and spit it out  i faced it all and i stood tall and did it my way "
myyyyyyyyyyyy waaaaaaaaaaaay
power of the <propfemale> skull 
<propfirst> and <propmale> jamming = a really good thing 
scopolamine
"i awoke, separate from my past  i remember, it rushes back, my god i've been crass "
"both  honestly, both  god dammit "
finally got a fusking interview
"i am standing at an <propfemale>; as such the light itself must seem like a crutch   i assure you, i stand no easier outside the herd's den  the light weighs on me, a magnificent burden "
"so sad i missed the encore  so, so very sad "
places? who the hell said it was okay to spell a thing like places?
menos <propmale> oso! muahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahaaaaaa
yarrrr
"i lie for only you  i lie well, hallelu    "
"do you miss the blonde? the color she left in your black and white field? and do you feel condemned just being there?    well, yes "
every time i get on formspring all i see is <propfirst>'s face and thousands of walls of text 
what?
*achoo*     *achoo*          *achoo*         jesus christ 
i get my answer 
she speaks in dots and lines and conversations with people who aren't there  i may begin to learn  huzzah! and schlotszky's still can't find a medium large uniform for me so   gg on the false hope i guess? oh well 
"when you receive instant clarity it is always best to double-f*cking-check your instant, seemingly god-given, false clarity; lest you be completely annihilated "
some days   
it'll continue to cycle 
babies shouldn't have the power to make babies 
"to streak or not to streak, that is the question"
congratulations everyone 
hail to the olden days
omg!11 graduated guize!!!!!!!!!11!
"**correction, <propfirst> just played <propfemale> the beautiful with the wah pedal  let the summer games begin"
"just so you guys know, it's *lotz* better at schlotzsky's "
brochacho
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhmmm
"what else needs to be said? nothing  there remains only the doing  so we shall do, and we shall do so well  may all that is good grin upon each of us on this e playful edition into marvelous madness  godspeed, ladies and gents  i will see you on the <propfemale> "
"play them flossy glossy blues, cade "
i translated scripture at wakarusa  what did you do?
too sure of what just happened   
i should probably watch grease with my alcoholic buddies when they get home 
should i always wear the contacts when people don't want us to know we're wearing glasses?
i think i'll bike to lions 
highlander's on scifi right now if anyone cares 
i love oreo's more than i love cold dessert 
just got back from tinker  they <propfirst> some blood took some xrays and did some tests but i still can't find my phone 
thought i saw a biscuit going gaga when i was watching seacrest on oprah 
"why the fuck is <propfirst> flipping out in the hospital, she's only nineteen for chrissake"
one of these days i'm going to fall right back asleep 
blackberries=favorite fruit  i should eat more blueberries 
just in case:?
come crash into me 
just a different kind of mind control
one of these days  one of these days 
"jumping to conclusions, standing on protrusions from a <propmale> face  mile high, still can't touch the sky, but i fly without a question towards grace "
spengbab is having a bad trip to the toystore 
zoogma  do it to it  now 
objection objection objection objection objection objection
who wants to watch balto with me? hmmm?
"everyone noticed, everyone has seen the signs"
"i stop looking at the internet for five seconds and you get pissed off? what's that all about? hahaha, whatever that means ;3"
"i've got stories, yes i do  i got stories to tell, how about you? i sat down one day and broke my rear, now the clouds won't play or see or hear "
"i'm a centaur, i'm a centaur, i'm a centaur hoorah!"
"so sudden, feels like i'm crawling towards the sun  hush, sound!"
"shh, i'm whisperng "
kick the can! whoooooooooooaaaaa
never ever feed the fish  ever  unless you want them to keep on blub blub blubbing >|3  (unibrow cat concurs)
"broke his head in a frustrating fashion  now he can't converse, it's a laugh "
"leeeeavin on a jet plane, don't know if i'll ever come back  >;3"
redding
"now i feel just like a chiiiild  but i ain't, hahaha "
"hoooooome sweet home  s'good to be back in oklahoma, though the ocean is nice "
"feeling no paaaaain, lookin orange in the rain of the sky that's just gazin down that swirling drain and my mind's a'followin, and no i ain't wallowin i'm just a man without a plan tryin not to think about <propmale> "
"alright shammy's    pop bloodlust, let's take this thing out "
tr-tr-triiiple raainbooow
coffee black and egg white  whoooooooooooooooooa
"inception  what a movie, amirite?"
jumex mago nectar 
blah blah blah blah
"you're a question of when, you're a question of who "
"my head is lead, i don't ever want to go to bed   oh, your hair is on fire "
"what, fireworks?"
no such thing 
"try to get some rest, count backwards from ten    "
"lets not wake up crying, alright? alright  i got my job back  good news "
off to texas 
back in oklahoma  great to see everyone!
<< fail boat  hahahahaaaa    
a smile from a veil  do you think you can tell?
there remains a lesson  
"somebody threw that brick, shattered all my plans  yeeeeaaaaaaaaah"
wish it was time for colds and overcoats > surprise 
dooon't let them see you afraaaid
> >
selfish like sea shellfish
"bobo got into some lysol after being locked in the closet for like four hours    send good will this way, i don't want my cat to lose her voice or be sick t-t"
graaaaaah
"twice now, graaaaaaaah"
"never draw so close to the heat that you forget that you must eat, ohhhwhoooooaa"
"the similarties between wow and fable are resounding and comical  the hammerthyst? it's the hammer of the naruu, sheeeesh"
who what when where why how
i heard somewhere that 16 candles is a pretty cool song
"and the rest of our lives will the moments accrue, when the shape of their goneness will flare up anew, and we do what we have to do re-loo re-loo    oh it's all that you can do on this side of the blue"
geodone  baahaha
"you can flee from a fire, you can float from the ship"
e; pfda ;lkj asd ; lksda f;lk a f;hfsd;lhags;lkafsd;lhjsda f;k limma kick some ass for real 
ghandi 
"*a annoyed hkgf annoyed kfjs* \translation annoyed ach-aye, my head"
doom-doom
 zzzzz
"godspeed and good <propfemale>, let the sunshine flow through  <propfemale> times are coming soon, look towards the sea, i'll be there soon "
aible daible
what does this meeeean?!
"eat 'cho feet, keep ahold of the beat 'cause it's flamin with heat, yet soft as egyptian cotton sheets \\shiiiiiiit"
ibi shibould jibust ibupdibate libike thibis fribom nibow ibon
"i'm a tree, just let me be, i'm just a tree, so let me be!"
"lol, ordinance 319 "
moving on to ordinance 418  where do we go from here?
bed time for bonzo's
stand and remember for a least a little while 
"never knew 'bout missin you, never knew i'd be worried 'bout beads so blue "
"best call from my sister and <propmale>  go go <propfemale> castles, they're tearing shit up right now "
is it in you now to watch the things you gave in life be broken? then stoop and build them up with worn out tools  yeah 
a new form of loose-ness 
upper reaches of the library 
would ya just look at meeeeeeeeeeeee? whoaa whoa
and what of wrath?
secrets secrets secretss  bahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaha
"i'm just a tree, oh let me be  please let me be, i'm just a tree "
i'm <propfemale>  and i'm lucky 
"filligar, french kicks, good shoes "
"also, filligar, the observatory  go now "
"boo, i'm sick t-t"
"let the right one in > let me in, also  pissin me off, <propfemale> "
find out who it was and get back to me immediately 
one of these days i'm going to cut you into little pieces
photosynthesis        photosynthesis        
well it's a predatory thing and it just feels weird  it's just weird!
"katydid, katydid finds me even when i'm hid, makes me think the sky's still blue even when i know it's not true  katydid, katydid       "
fill my head with lead then erase
i love octopi
hack sneeze cough
wheeze 
hurts to purr  
ha ha ha ha ha
i can still ride a longboard  i can still fly 
"just made black bean burgers  and they were delicious  high five, world "
"apparently <propfirst> didn't e playful ect them to be so good, either"
@___________@
did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts?
"got my bow and arrow\now i speak so mellow that the hounds across the way\don't bother me every day"
"all these things i do, they're waiting for you"
am i correct to defend the fist that holds this pen?
"allways i want to be with you and make believe with you and live in <propfemale>, <propfemale> ohh yeaah"
thas some srs voodoo
persistence is futile
we need vices
god i sure hope you are dead
creepshoow
personal hell 
put that monkey on my back
friend of the devil is a friend of mine  why didn't i ever listen to the dead?
hmm 
lord have this grilled cheese
<propmale> horror in 13 hours 
<propmale> was amazing 
"what ever happened to <propfemale> wray? that delicate, satin-draped frame  as it clung to her thigh, how i started to cry 'cause i wanted to be dressed just the same "
<propfirst> jett 
"no really, <propfirst> jett "
life is only living in a present tense
"ohmg  i really really like the beatles  a lot  beyond 'a lot'  more like    a lot, a lot "
the buddha is unavailable 
do ya wanna hear about how sometimes i feel like eating a bullet?
cant get pink out of my head  it's driving me kind of crazy  i feel like i'm being brainwashed 
@_@
sick all day  booooo
cataclysmic failure is what i hear ;3
"only this manupod, crescent in shape has escaped"
mars volta  now 
"oh my god, glee"
"someone remove my digestive system  and while you're at it, take my brain too "
the <propfirst> game is proving that we're operating within a flawed system 
yes we cannabis 
"agony plus christmas lights  sounds like fun, right?"
 puke
as i gingerly wander through existence i often pause and consider that there must be more to existence than a lit screen and a heavy mind
"whoa man, whoa "
it's eight thirty in the morning on a thursday  do you know where you are?
why don't i play music? i've ran out of things to say 
lol apartment party
it's mah birfday
guys lunar eclipse and winter solstice 
remember to forget 
i forgot how much i love dethklok 
i'm just so    angry  super mad  everyone is 
la da da <propfemale> daaa
"\the spank of lifes turns and twists ignites    \"""""
shouting at the sun again 
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (let's see who gets it and follows the instructions--p s  don't give it away as reply
"they call me    cockblock  and it makes me laugh  so be ware, all ye seekers of females! i will thwart you at every turn!"
wa-wa-we-wa
i'm moving at the speed of    nothing  because nothing can move faster than light  bwahahahahahhahaha 
i mean   i do appreciate pretty women  ?
owat
halo:reach  sox324 
im never gonna wipe my butt
"rip, sweet <propmale>  too short of a companionship, if i do say so myself  i'll see you around the bend "
"gotta admit, this has been one of the best seasons of american idol that i can remember seeing  <propfirst> wonder just rocked it "
so i scream til i die til the last of those bad thoughts are finally out
watching the worst movie ever  triple dog  oh dear  
rage at things i used to enjoy
uhh     middle finger up to the world  schizophrenia is enough of a hassle without being discriminated against 
as much as i try to not like it      superstar is still one of the funniest movies ever 
did      did she give you the look? do you think she knows?1!~ !?
"here's your morning song  sometimes things go wrong, but that's okaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay"
