72ecb7fdf5f57f93197f0aae3845aec2
"i moved to <propfemale>, murrell's transfering to alaska, <propfirst> is leaving to the <propfirst> islands, <propmale> is being sent to iraq; all within a few months   god bless the sippy boy's as we span across the earth "
home from work after a fourteen hour day getting equipment ready to go to haiti 
remember text haiti to 90999 to donate ten dollars to red cross   will be added to next phone <propmale>   what an easy way to donate 
i volunteered to go to haiti but probaly won't go because i am waiting for my surgery   i wish i there was nothing holding me here   i would really like to go help 
remember to text haiti to 90999 to donate ten dollars to red cross
conservative supreme court just ruled that corporations can donate unlimited amounts of money in all political races   everybody has been fortelling of the demise of goverment caused by secular progressives (fear tactics) but now thes crazy cronies on the bench just turned our democracy into a corpocracy 
currently watching state of the union!  i hope you are too!
"i am glad pres  obama criticized the republicans for being a hindrance of progress and reminding the that the recession was not his fault   i am looking forward to see what pres  has to say to the dems tomorrow, they can use a bit of chastisement as well   go obama!!"
i am tired of hearing people think the economy to be fixed overnight   it took ten years to lead into the fall and will take at least three to five years to recover   there has been obvious improvement and could have been much worse 
another big snowstorm   el nino rocks!!
alright so the healthcare reform has passed so let me clear something up that has been confused by a lot of people   the government can not fine you   they collect taxes from you   this so called penalty for not having insurance is actually not being able to claim a tax credit that has been created for those who do have insurance   so in the end you are not being fined or charged for not having insurance
recieved a 100 percent on my hazmat inspection   best in the battalion   now i just need to get certified   and my boss says if i ace the annual inspection from the materials center i will be put in for a reward 
is anybody really suprised about the violence and the threats coming from the tea party movement   i'm not   maybe they should fly a plane into congress to make there point   these people scare me 
i will pray for the las vegas mormons that they can understand that there actions are completely opposite of our gospels teachings   my fears have come true and maybe my hopes will too if this is adressed in conference 
what wonderful sessions today   preisthood session was exceedingly great   i feel refreshed and ready to charge forward   can't wait til tomorrow!
beautiful day in my neck of the woods   over ninety degrees and it felt great!!
has never seen so much pollen   it has covered everything in a fine yellow sheet including all the vehicles   it is a waste of time or money to clean your car because in less than half a day it is covered again 
"is curious   out of these three which are you willing to sacrafice first   undo bush tax cuts, reduce defense spending, increase retirement age "
the average american paid 4 38% in taxes this year   just to let you know for those who like to complain about taxes 
"i am officially enrolled into school!!  i start on the 26th   and the doctor gave me some drugs to help out   look out now, here i come "
just spent all day at busch gardens!  my feet are killing me   i am completely worn out 
needs to schedule eye surgery   remind me later smile 
"is currently moving into a new barracks   much nicer then the old one   i get my own room with a huge closet and it has a full kitchen   yeah, baby!!!!"
"forgot i might need a functioning brain for school, it has been idle for so long   still working out the cobwebs and <propmale> gears   got to tinker with my thinker "
"thank you everybody for all the birthday wishes   thanks momma for the make a cake in the box and my favorite snack, trail mix!!!  thank you disney for the free blu-ray movie   the birthday was good, everybody here says i do not look thirty   it must be my youthful heart   i am going to buy a new suit for my birthday, a new birthday suit!"
enjoying my memorial weekend   these last few weeks have been stressful   took a really tough two week class worth four college credits   i am now hazmat certified and can legally <propfemale> poisonous gas in my trunk 
has a life 
if someone sees my pops wish him a happy father's day for me; i can't get a hold of him 
sweats a lot   humidity sucks 
eclipse can kiss my full <propfemale>   i am going to the last airbender first thing tommorrow!!!
sat under the washington monument and watched fireworks   awesome way to spend the fourth!!
"walked around d c  today and saw all the memorials!  it was a good e playful erience but very hot and tiring   most all the other tourists were from other countries   weird for being the day after independence day, i guess the americans had to get back to work "
had the yummiest watermelon today   now i know why they are so popular in the south   sweet all the way to the rine 
"all combat troops withdrew from iraq, but i guess <propmale> is part of the fifty thousand sustainment and training troops that are still there "
going to pick up my brother at the airport and we are off to fedex stadium to watch boise state!!!! score! happy birthday momma!!
is being random!
on cq duty again   will be up til six in the morning and then i will finally be able to catch up on sleep   my body is aching for some rest 
"flyleaf concert or greater richmond interfaith council meeting?  i don't know, i think i will enjoy either or "
"had to take a pt test this morning after getting a nasty cold yesterday   still passed though, it was rough "
saw flyleaf on thursday   awesome!!!
i've been admitting this for years 
"tut-tut, it looks like rain "
breaking news! president obama says he will not freeze military pay raises 
i might as well own a taco <propfemale>   i eat there so much!  yum!!
"someone who listen's but doesn't care\somone who laughs at you\someone who eats all your food\someone who throws a punch\that's a true friend"
"i wish the constitution which is offered, had been made more perfect; but i sincerely believe it is the best that could be obtained at this time   and, as a constitutional door is opened for amendment hereafter, the adoption of it, under the present circunstances of the union, is in my opnion desireable \\-<propfirst> washington, september 24, 1787"
dadt was voted for repeal   president needs to sign and then i won't have to worry about my battle buddies getting kicked out of the army just because they are gay   it is a good day today!
the new advertisement window at the top of the <propfemale> really sucks   i wonder how to get rid of it 
it's oficially the end of the world   natural disaters around the world have caused more deaths this year than any other time on record 
congress start's the day off right!
"\flipped\"" is a charming film   i know my mom and my sisters would like it if they haven't seen it   i recommend it for next pizza and movie night!"""
just one a tv from the pxtra drawing   swweet!!
"just got the red <propmale> for blu-ray, best movie ever made!!!!"
"well i didn't know if 3d would catch on for homes but now that i see sony is pushing it makes me believe it just ight, after all, they did champion the bluray into mainstream "
marry up!!
get well soon congresswoman gifford 
"talk this sunday, actually had the feeling it was going to happen in church last sunday  holy holy ghost!"
dangit!  i went to fort pickett today and dropped my phone somwhere   i hope it shows up tommorow or i'll have to get a new one 
phones still missing   i'll have to get a new one now 
i really enjoyed the state of the union   smart 
"on cq duty again, so will miss church today, hope i can go next week "
