73cd4b5004cd2e7e86e40f9dffe2e6b2
two days off   then it's back to work   ugh!
it's really nice outside today   i'm glad i have the day off!
off to work i go   
f*$k it!
soooo      ready to go home!
i'm having a bad day already  damn alarm clock didn't go off   i had 15 minutes to get ready for work! i really hope the whole day doesn't go like this 
"i love my job, i love my job, i love my job * i tell myself this all day, knowing i'm lying to myself!*"
omg! how can some people be so lazy?
i do not want to be here! i just want to go home   this day has been 10 hours of hell   now to make it through the last 2 hours 
"there are two types of people  givers,and takers  givers give until there is nothing left to give, yet takers still want more   "
i'm soooo   sleepy
"mother, madre, makuahine    no matter how it's spoken mom is the most beautiful word a woman hears  happy mothers day!"
is at work thinking   do i really have to do this again today? ugh   
thank god only 4 hours of work left 
watching lady gaga and beyonce telephone video   lmao  am i the only one that thinks lady gaga looks like a drag <propfemale>? just wondering
"i really hate working friday, saturday, and sunday   36 hours in 3 days always kicks my ass!"
c a b h & k n j i just wanted you two to know what goes around comes around   the hateful things you two have done will come back to bite you on the a**   i just hope i'm around to see it! btw k n j you may want to seek mental help  sending me letters saying god put you here to destroy me   sounds like the voices in your head were lying to you! but did you two really need to destroy my children lives also 
"first of all c a b h you may want to learn how to spell before you decide to call me stupid   it's spelled stupid  not stupied! and i know most likely you or k n j will read this, because you two are obsessed with cyberstalking me(for whatever reason i have yet to figure out)    that does not give you control over me  it just means for some reason you two have decided to make my life the center of your world   lmao"
"\nobody can make you feel inferior without your permission \""~eleanor roosevelte~"""
"if someone says mean, hurtful, or hateful things about you: just remember, what they have said is an inner reflection of how they feel about themselves "
your delusions of grandeur amuse me!
"damn rain! i stepped in a puddle, now my shoes and socks are wet   yuck!"
"what is up with the people driving on hwy  23(from <propmale> to macon)? they want to pass even if you are doing between 60-65(which btw is still too fast)   wtf? all i have to say is press on   maybe they can afford the ticket, but i sure as hell can't"
the six-flags commercials are kinda creepy!
i hope my baby is coming home soon   i miss him so much 
wth   that was supposed to upload a pic?fu metro pcs you suck!
"i really dislike this time of the year   heat,bugs&snakes yuck! so looking foward to fall "
"be yourself  no one can ever tell you, you're doing it wrong  ~james <propfirst> herlihy~"
"i just really \love\"" people who are judgemental towards other people   funny how they like to judge others lives before they judge their own """
i'm bored and sleepy 
"never be bullied into slience  never allow yourself to be made a victim  accept no ones definition of your life, but define yourself  ~harvey fierstien~"
omg   why does it have to be so damn hot  i can't wait until it's fall 
i hate going to wal-mart!! so glad to be out of there 
is hoping that 2   maybe 3 certain people choke on the lies that so easily spew from their mouths 
the rain is making me sleepy 
why do my drunk neighbors always ask me to take them to the store??
"my neighbors apartment caught on fire   she lost all 3 of her cats   so sad    the oldest one was 16 years old  fire dept  says i can't go back into my apartment, due to heavy smoke damage and it is unsafe to turn the electricty back on   what a way to start a holiday weekend!"
silence is golden   duct tape is silver 
don't have much time to get on here lately 
