d228b437350d57807a2c8d74c42e248a
well now i won't online much in the woods of course and i mean that but hello if i miss you   verizon only txt 9312001510   for now anyhow got to see my grand son and daughter but not son   but he is working yay! as for me i have some trees to remove and landcape someone elses mess up and numerous other mundane events happy new year to all a big holla out my brother <propmale> and <propmale> steph  <propfirst> in tenn and of course <propmale>
well time to go peace
wow its me <propfemale>    
just looking at css in awe     geek'd
we need the transporters from <propfemale> trek   so i can replenish my stash hahaha!
i got one for you all       true words aren't eloquent;eloquent words aren't true  wise men don't need to prove their point; men who need to prove their point aren't wise  written by lao-tzu
trying not to piss everyone off at me cuz this the end of my first facebook day      and i already found enlighten ment  and fun and companions and wow!
maybe       fast is slow and night is day    but how bout this     without the one the other could never be      i posit that  smile 
holla back n a bit  smile 
blaaaaaah! there better now
midshipman jabezz is a bit fond of his own anchor        lmao! god the english tongue  smile 
"aufmerksamkeit…  midshipman jabezz ist eine spitze, die vernarrt ist in seinen eigenen anker        thats better ya?"
going mobile folks meet ya on the other side
happy sleepies to all     yes sleepies nite  smile 
awakened by the sound of all my sins remembered     as i watched my body and the weight of my sin snap the cross of my crucifixion yeeech!
wrapping presents
see you in a bit
"god is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh  voltaire french author, humanist, rationalist, & satirist (1694 - 177 smile "
hey bro i moved over hear hope the game goes good eh? (<propfirst> tell <propfemale> momma she crazy)
hey holla back got to take a trail       <propfirst>  be good remember  verizon only txt 9312001510
whats up      gotta go        wow man      peace
make love not war  smile  - make love not war   smile 
"fwd: fwd: happy memorial day!\keep on smiling"
wakey wakey
well so much fer mobile    yeech!
hello hello  smile 
wakey wakey
wah! \\n
good morning  smile 
just out looking for the one   
good morning  smile 
wakey wakey \\n
we are getting some good lightning here  smile 
good morning wishing for you the best day  smile 
paused   waiting on take two the running turtle  smile 
another thing   to all my fbk friends    a big howdy    to my family    brothers and sisters    love you all     happy happy  smile 
good morning   
browsing from the library      stay down it is raining
you know  sometimes    you got to do what you got to do 
btw   i played a sweet fender affinity today    telecaster
good mornin'
um gee miss    you got peanut butter all over my chocolate   p
howdy    just sending out    some huge facebook love to all you beautiful fbk people  ha!
good mornin' to you
good mornin'  y'all
good morning    
umpph! mobile!
well hope everyone has a good day    its raining with the sun shining and so far i've been to: jamestown woody clarkrange isoline crossville rinnie lansing <propfemale> oakdale wartburg harri<propfemale>n midtown rockwood kingston    this a m   hey <propfemale>    its me  smile 
wakey   
hope that your day is good    and that it shines for you   
i know   this is bucking the trend   but i think instead   i ll say to all you mothers out there    happy mothers day   think about it anyway  
anyway have a good day
just woke up    hopeful it will rain and i can go back to sleep  
zombie- the crans   in the woods   wanderin   
good morning    may you have the best day  
good morning    hope you have the best day  
summer stuff is next   
i am smarter than most photo nazis    hey booboo    get ole yogi a picnic basket
good afternoon  
have the best  
thenameisthesameitsthesameitsinsaneitsthesamename    i know huh?
ah   hokey-pokey  
by the road    12 degrees hotter   damn i love trees  
good mornin' to you  smile 
on day 2 of birthday party    howdy and happy birthday  
good morning    have the best day  smile 
this mobile isn't
good morning and thanks for all the birthday wishes and such     the best to all   
happy birthday
good morning   
phish - trampled by lambs   nite
good morning
i just hate the mobile revolution fer screwing my wall          arrgh!
outta here
good mornin to you
supposed 2 get near 100 here    wowman    b careful   
well the mobile godz    they suck    morning   eh  
maybe a rain shower? something please   
not against the wind   but in the wind   i've been my friend    hope someday to pass this way again 
wakey wakey  
yes    thats my maters growing @ the head popos house    dam   another random act of kindness  
that    is the question  
who is <propfirst> mckee?
widgets!
dayton mtn bound    eat yur veggies
to all my childs   remember the dunce cap!? ha! so bad lol haha!  you go linden! whose next?
i got a raccoon oasis   spa   lol
   good morning b safe and have a great day  
wakey   
hot date last nite   everything went fine   wow! ooh!  look ovt fb!
good morning
morning fb   
chillin with the w b    aaaagh!  normal!  aaaagh!
good morning
i understand reporting normal workplace abuses   stealing   laziness etc   people make mistakes   but 2 follow someone just 2 run ur mouth   
alert!mobilesuxsometimes   
good morning fb    thank the gods 4 coffee     <propfirst>    i luv u man   
buhgity   buhgity   uh hi ya <propmale>    smokin   um gee   coffee overload!  lol
chilln with two fine ladies    wait a minute   that hurts   ooh   <propfemale>    wah   
well had a good meal    and movie    and a beautiful <propfemale>  
good morning   
we beat the heat today   i even hugged up on my baby   now to the alcohol   uh oh  
i'm the second son of a hometown lady   some people call me heavy   but mickel is my name   
<propfemale> here almost    yikes
morning all
we r 1
i swear   one day i am gonna get 2 play some real music   with my friends   til then  wah!
"a song by   ledzep: \walters walk\"""""
good morning
"my friend <propfirst> bobb    check the sound out   the group    \break up art\"" good sounds    all the way from iowa   """
good morning          its raining here <propfemale>
if u try ur best and just love   it dont matter if ur you have 1 or one million cuz u still got love  
can u go with this? if you can go with this   i can  
chop   dig   chop    dig     lol
okay its 6:15    and the crew? nappin   
<propfemale> mountain    here in the am  
good morning  
had a very good phone call with my oldest brother  fishing  fighting     anyhow its all good  to my fam   it is fab   love u all  
best advice for ur coco a?ses    just get on with ur living    and loving and giving     svrvey sez   no 1#
good morning   dont forget ur vote matters  
you r a little bit country   ima whole lot rocknroll    roll    roll
good afternoon    hwy127 is a mess   yard sale me
"tweet me algore: \warming is real  now what?\"""""
me: a high tech solution for a low tech problem lets call it  global enviromental conditioning?
happy friday people   how <propfirst>! wake up sleepyhead! lol
btw    i tryd 2 say id b there    waitn 4 you    hav the best day!
sometimes upon us all   a little rain must fall   makes sense to me  
happy happy   nappy nappy  
hello hello
listening 2 mudcrutch   ah  
and i said: i got some love    u want some?
well spent evening   with two sweet gals   cant wait til tomorrow  
what i like about facebook   is the ability to share a concern  a love   with others   and then   they are so far away   but there is no replacement for real contact   human=human  
coffee   shaken   not stirred
thunderstorms   which i love     trolls and elves and such   bowling? yo fb!
the side of the road- <propmale> barnes
goodmorning@goingback2bed com 
vegetable- beef soup   fer the rainy day   
this really sweet babe    <propfemale>   omg!   everytime we do   meet   the love   what love   it shines  
morning  
morning   on the way to the veterans hospital   4 that quality va care  
got me brace fer my knee   some meds   and a fat belly   got a mri 2 do and accupuncture   and then? wtf   bring it on   whew
three   is the magic number   ah yes it is  
love you all tgif  
hey facebook! goodafternoon   peace an less grease   cuz u b slip sliding   wah!
a fuzzy day here   so a fuzzy hello to all
what?
nothing   everything   a bandana? wow man!  there is still hair   up there   thats whats on my ^ mind   hahaha!
would if i could   if i  
yo! to all my fb family   and big howdy to my new friends  
good afternoon-morning   the best to yuns!  lol
good morning  
<propfemale> begonias- sublime   40 !
going     
hey mellow morning   thanks for hncluding me   yo! facebook   sup?
got the synchro loose     tranny next   workn off the ground   with a torn rotator cup   slammy!
just remembering the day   was trucking thru florida's backroads   on the way to a load of papertowels due to deliver in tenn   my home trip  
good morning   free hugs!
tranny  iz  almost on the ground   what a truck   been fighting me all the way   almost!  what a perfect lovely peachy day!  wheres that <propfemale>?
this one goes out 2 the one[s] i love    <propfemale>  ha!
nonesuch   
tranny on the ground! one day at a time  
morning to all   have the best day!
mikes rule!
sometimes   when i am    feeling so very <propfemale>-  she really moves  me  wakes me up and shakes me up   yup   i know i want more of that    cuz it makes me feel good   love you <propfemale> herrick!
goodmorning   uggh!
well today iz   clean up tranny and remove flywheel   hopeful that rain is good for a bit   whee!!
working on it   gg g  good morning!
we b paintn drywalln puttyn patchn    yessir  
love n hugs   
i like it when it feels   good!
good morning   may all   be well   the best  
afroman- because i got high   lmao  
what up   rolling on back 2 the whole   is complete     listening pink <propmale>   <propmale> <propmale> an <propfirst>    and a big dose of janes addiction  
insaneclownposse  f t w    omg!
ya know   relaxing   trying 2 complete the sentence   its as good as it is   gee d  ell ya! hugs and ugh! the best   hows dat?
yello = hello real loud!
hopes you have the best!
rhcp    give it away
hello   have a great day!
got lucky today   found a 2 9  flywheel   pretty mint   25 bucks   on credit   if i want  new one   200   what 2du!
talked with my other boss the building the woodshop iz still on   got 2 drop a red oak thats in the way though   plenty of firewood laying about this year@imnthewoods com   hugs!
hoping and wishing ya the best   since 1960 lol
haven the best! holla   not my phone  
morning afternoon!
thinking about my children   i love and miss you all  smile 
dreary rainy blah!
good morning   and if ur bovine   moo!  lmao
fyi    yes autumn fire iz burning   an hot!  yikes  
grilled cheese and tomato soup?
wow   sposed 2 be in the 40s soon  
wakey   to the mostly rock soundtrack of my life   those i love given considerations   concern   the rest of that which i see    abstractly dividing   multiplying   through this lense i use   sorry   thats all got!             foo fighters is playn 2day
so you know   still wrassling with truck   and because my shoulder feels like it wants 2   one day at a time   bvt i love the truck   and with everything considered the challenge of making it my success or failure   were rockn
cat stevens- bitterblue
walk dont run   the ventures   waay b4 grunge wowman! <propfirst> and <propfirst>!
retro   tranny n? fixing  2 tackle transfer case and some beer? what 2 do?
ok   on truck every thing is together now  im@drinkbeereatsteak com   holla
ok gotta say   nite  
gonna try the doctor in the am   hope they are kind   lucky? my shoulder needs a rest   nite y'all
most times at the v a    its conduct ur business and move on     blah!
tgif   make me smile  
friends   good conversations   we're all loving old man <propfirst>   holla by! hes 90
taking a lil break   been sawing firewood and being happy  
may you all have the best  
how bout some coffee?
i call you beautiful   you call me a dog  
me and son   93 7    on the way 2 his girl   its a good thing   
um   anything by <propfemale> of the dog    while were waiting  
morning all
actually been having a great time with grandson   all is well 
watching the ladies of e5th and <propfemale>   bowwow babee!        t s r t s 
good morning   have a good day!
we uh   just uh   fa fa finished a b b   brake job on a 89 camry  
driving   sssh   
um    i like that  
well we made it back home and now its sleepy time   have the best day people  
well back 2 the grind   oh baby  
is just waking up   admist the shuffle: grrrr!
she said   everything is fine   im thinking just how i can get away with loving her longtime    so i say   come with me  
at 8am  we were in the clouds   this morn  now there are god rays shining here and there   perhaps a rainbow or two 
flathead: what you get when you make your woman mad   and she is holding a cast iron skillet- old country wisecrack  
morning  
airless pussycats wowman?!
is thinking time fer the woodstove  
okay   its 45f   woodstove yes 
likes the nice <propfemale> day   woot!
dreams   and things 
birdland npr? coffee  
good morning   have the best 
you know that song by blind melon bout the holyman? i'm listening 2 it   so go sit down   now   lots of love  
good morning   it is <propfemale> in the mountains  
tater sandwich for lunch   yum 
hugs   to all my friends   no matter what   unless you are drinking hate   i love you like family   thanks for being there through the evolutions that is me  
the <propfemale> is    doing it again   shining   let us howl  
sometimes its alot   more than much more   but its what i got   hugs   all the way home   waah wah wah!
morning peeps got the allman brothers on the cdplayer   brothers and sisters   rip it up!
for lunch   srv   in the begining   followed with the stones somegirls and then on 2 hank3   withtaters  
woot!
breathtaking <propfemale> and stars   and its a breezy40f    nite 
wishing you all the   best!
what aint  
wishing all of you the   best
sup   i suppose this could b considered a shout out to my grandson   son you are just fine   and i love you
"okay   fyi   i b n tampa, florida    and i am sorry if you aint feelin it   just plea  eease   dont murder me  "
may your day    be a good one   and the best things happen  
woot!
bless the ones who stand for our flag   and damn the ones who put it in harms way  
go navy   woot!
okay   so i am gonna be a grandfather again? and and and   a uncle   well a grand uncle at that! it just so happens   i like that! and <propmale> <propfirst> is playing   + aint gonna give up on love + thats a definate plus eh?  wow!
maybe have phone on tomorrow   just finished wrenchin on a 2006 chevy impala    silly girl poured about a gal and a half of water in her tank   beer me    and there goes the neighborhood!
<propmale> boy williamson- 99
okay we b cleaning the jacuzzi   moi   navy of one  
this goes out to the ones who honor us all   by defending   fighting and dying for the u s a   do not forget them   or forsake them   they are the best of who we are  americans all   i salute you  
my thankfulness is a cup  that runneth over   half empty   half fvll    it is not   yet full of love thats what i got    holla by sometime  
is still asleep    zzzzzz  
today is belated remember mr  <propfemale> day!  the best!
btw   you are n vited to my virtual thanksglving! yikes  
popcorn reggae   n biscuits
the stones- mothers little helper    what a drag it is   getting old!
whatevers #13: its bad 2 let a moment n someone elses past dominate your happiness  eh?  cuz  that was then and this is when   hugsatlove com
is relaxing a bit  smile 
is on dad time lef rit lef rite    always
a bit on the personal side   my bp is down   this is good   now 2 keep it there   so's the doc don't prescribe eh? instead of oxycontin? would rather deal with oxymorons    lmao    hitmebabe  
getting ready to <propmale> my thanksgiving day halo   everyday should be this grand - <propfirst> brown
"\dosed ' rhcp"""
a note to all u lurkers and to my peeps   take control of your face hitmeup soon or b deleted thanks as i am thankful  
on facebook we share what we can bear 2    funny but true social network me   
multipeople must die! its a network and a high school   aaagh@aaagh com  there i feel better smile 
happy thanksgiving   by the way breckenridge vs tampa   100 - 0 game over lol
is taking a nap   nap me!
everywhere we went got crippled and blinded  fed like mama do   gotta say that twice   ya know09
turning off and then on my farmville profile over several time periods to see what it does  to wit: rage against the machine
um     
whats with that iphone virus eh? on fb   <propfemale> wish i worked for you all   cuz i would have handled the issue eh  
there is a song by <propmale> marley old school stuff   it goes: they keep holdn me   wont let go   holdn me   i need a hammer to hammer dem down  
about adding friends   i really like the suggestions   its that i don't know if i am worthy enough and i thank the people who have befriended me   the ones who are here for more than games and such   isn't that what friends are for? to share a common bond or is it easier to just pretend?
where is the love   i keep trying   and all they do is   push and shove    go get em!
remembers <propfirst> greene judo tossing him all over the living room   what was you <propfirst> a black belt?  lol!
text me i dare you   ( mikes desperate attempt to save humanity from oblivion  ) lol
better yet its late   sssh  dont text smile 
if this was a real book   there would scribble marks on your <propfemale>   somewhere smile 
if this were a real book   how would your story go? mine is the best   
i hope that you and yours has the best christmas holiday   xo 
its 20 degrees n atlanta   brrr   
winter's icy grip    brrr  
you all look different on a computer screen    aaagh!
is visiting with his family in k-town   and grandson 
facebook@xbox360 com   nothing special   please dont freeze   might make u sneeze?
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died december 6th while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son, named in his honor, who was born approximtaely 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family "
power went out   here n k town   blam! at least @ 5th n <propfemale>!
is talking   with someone special 2 me  
this isn't nascar    its the rough and tumble frontier daze    dats right  
why ask why   when it only makes you sigh   then you cry and then die   just be what you are   don't live a lie 
wish'd i could write outside this status box   4 real   aaagh   dam #%*!! hahaha!
is taking the safe way thru life by not choosing a side  lol wimps!
"i do not believe that sheer suffering teaches  if suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers  to suffering must be added mourning, understanding, <propfemale>, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable     \<propfemale> morrow lindbergh"
"political tags - such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth - are never basic criteria  the human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such <propfemale>  \<propfirst> a  heinlein"
"maybe christmas, the grinch thought, doesn't come from a store  \theodor geisel"
aaaah   fa   fa  friday again   wow smile 
butterflies equal   souls   spirits   friends   memories   lifes good music   the muses yes?
my wish   is that i could sit down with all my friends   we all could be happy   eat drink and be <propfemale>   and play some music   yes life!
is trying to stay connected with things that are most important  
hope this works
welcome to the day after christmas   and the rest of your life   may you live it well  
