394b55ae31d98b78904d18679ff7394e
got my new phoneee
phone works
at what age do you tell a highway it's adopted?
signed up for twitter
freedom!
gabraham in farmvegas and then the beach!
freedom!    in lbg
home
you know it's hard out here for a pimp
i saw red
till the break of <propfemale>
st  e's 09 in 8 days
st  e's 09 in 7 days
st  e's 47 hours
st  e's 24 hours
campcampcampcampcampcampcamp
is home
wisdom teeth
river tubing = epic
only 2 more weeks of summer
facebook discriminates against polygamists
dc tonight
would sort of like some more options
who has a hair razor
tomorrow: free burrito at moes and new guitar
who wants to buy a guitar
who wants to buy a guitar http annoyed  richmond craigslist org msg 1329791302 html
"nutella, kill <propmale>, volleyball"
wants to see his friends
good friends are good
"you say my words make your heart sore, well i guess i just wont speak anymore"
got your six shooter? i got my lynchin rope
poop
good friends are good
good weekend
? <propfirst> ?
? <propfirst> the dog ?
"no one should be frozen in carbonite, or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac, just because they couldn't pay jabba the hutt what they owe him  if you agree, post this as your status for the rest of the day "
beep beep
my head hurts
the most pristine are hiding everything
oregon hillbilly wisdom
the germans are coming
i am the thimble theif
i am the thimble thief
sat subject tests gonna blow
get loko
rocked da interview
"money is like us in time, it lies but cant stand up"
its been a year since leesburg
has been accepted to hampden-sydney college
in bed watching <propmale> kong whilst eating cookies and cream ice cream with hot apple cider
remember treasure mountain?
inidan food & nostradamus effect
yesss got an intervieww
the extreme tends to make an impression
happy guy fawkes day! raise a little hell!
i wish <propmale> mackaye would come to my school
vcu open house
likie yo mom and yo nasal reflexes mand yo diet coke and we go far down the road to justice with every single woman we go now and hail me haaaaaaa  poop 
likie yo mom and yo nasal reflexes mand yo diet coke and we go far down the road to justice with every single woman we go now and hail me haaaaaaa  poop 
missin maine
recording
leesburg this weekend
great weekend got old clothes and ipod back
back in town
jingo jango
giving blood is jingo jango
"finally finsished my paper, not as long as it shoud be but its as good as its gonna get"
ummmmm great weekend
"\beer can\"" said with an english accent sounds like \""bacon\"" in a jamaican accent"""
another good weekend
i dont have a phone charger
new years in richmond
silly stomach noises
avatar was tight
creamy traffic
game night tomorrow
mortal kombat
needs a way to get to richmond friday
double decker crab cake    richmond tonight
mustang <propfemale>'s left the building and we're so much worse without her
"madras lentils, biryani, and garlic naan      thank you trader joes"
"shooting in appomattox: state police have been swarming around a crime scene outside of appomattox this afternoon where there are multiple fatalities, and where the suspect escaped then fired at, and apparently hit, a state police helicopter searching for him  the hunt for the suspect continues though we're told that officers believe they have the man contained to in a wooded area "
too much of my news feed is people becoming fans of random things
"too old to bother, too young to care"
good state of the union
watching movies while i make another hat
freedom toast for freedom
im bored lets do something
cure me of my cabin fever
"god damnnit am i not the sexiest person you know???? hit \like\"" if you agree that my face is ohsofuckin saaaexy!!!!!"""
skype: indiepunk33
is there an end to the unknown?
chrunchatize me cap'n !
<propmale> luster: stopping the chayos
"while you're taking your time with apologies,  i'm making my plans for revenge"
i am the lizard <propmale> i can do anything
richmond then norfolk
the universe as we know it might really just be a hologram
the turbo wagon is mine!
second place in prose for forensics!
lets do something today
tv just reminded me why i havent watched it in so long    its all crap
devil's knob
el pollo locooo
trill <propmale>
ima bout to get brick
short pump
captialism: a love story
swd fish
welcome to adulthood
thank you to everyone who came to the party(-ies) and for the birthday wishes   good birthday
good ride
vcu 2014
dc tonight leesburg tomorrow!
arrested development
"e playful lorers are we, intrepid and bold, out in the wild, amongst wonders untold  equipped with our wits, a map, and a snack,  we're searching for fun and we're on the right track!"
shrine mont!
on top of north mountain lol
indubitably inane and insane
making people believe im british is fun
lbg for the weekend
great weekend  it was sweet to see everyone
i mean i guess today was pretty good
new pants hug
busch gardens!
is rulllll fat and lame
prom night
loves it when a woman brings him a sandwhich
lobster feet
needs a ride to passion pit and back
doneskis
graduation
passion pit tonight!
good night
orientation today
leesburg this weekend with <propfemale>
"richmond tonight, va beach tomorrow with <propfemale> hamilton and <propfemale> hamilton"
finally has his schedule set for the fall
airport fireworks
new phone!
macbookmacbookmacbook
up too late  work at 930
tipsy's in for knee surgery     
something about how great <propfemale> hamilton is      
fried ham and eggs with strawberry jam english muffin
inception blew my mind
chacha
camp tomorrow
camp tomorrow
camp was amazing i cant wait for next year  glad to be home though
does anyone have a charger that will work for an lg rumor touch?
shrine mont chillin in richmond
bored and sprints service sucks  i wanna do something
good day at the office
<propmale> made <propmale> and cheese   soup
<propfemale> hamilton
last weekend at home
needs a new boy toy    sigh   sad 
two more full days
"richmond tonight, vcu tomorrow"
in my dorm!
sweeeeet
ohhh bfd
first day of classes
done for the day
yoooo
bite my boots
farmville for the night
indubitably
amazing show
does anyone want a ticket for the gaslight anthem show at the national?
"oh my god i just ass blasted in my pants  i'm a little ripe today, my swamp ass is perfect  be my big spoon?"
nope 
"the good life is the chief end, both for the community as a whole and for each of us individually"
home this weekend
who wants to ride to the bottom in the rain with me today?
is anyone not going home this weekend?
<propmale> & <propfirst> tonighttt
my night was pretty decent i guess  just hangin out with <propmale> & <propfirst> on their tour bus after a raging show
strike anywhere mouthbreather a wilhelm scream the flatliners tonight!
i totally hydroplaned almost all of that
<propfirst> deacon tonight in cville? i think yes
<propfirst> danceswithwolves russow takes it hard
wooooowwww
having my cake and eating it too
bungle
wrongo bongo
farmvillleee
let them know you realize that life goes fast it's hard to make the good things last
bad mind let me put on good habits been workin' in put on good habits sometimes i can't find my good habits
peed the bed  annoyed 
friends + facebook =  no bueno
well     heres to a new scar
there was a <propfemale> in my sock   
"nasa has found a microbe in california that can substitue phosphorus in its dna for arsenic, drastically changing the way we thought life could form and survive"
good luck to brennan o'brien cahill as he goes off to work with seamen
fat fat fat fat fat fat fat
back in richmonddd
\we cannot always build the future for our \,394b55ae31d98b78904d18679ff7394e,just saw <propfirst> iglesias live for free     
lovin the sunnn
his hands perform hexes
kiefer's first <propfirst>
the people of egypt have triumphed
river adventure   moistt
why do i feel like its not going to be a good day
"doing homework? at the library? what am i, a student or something?"
adventure time
when is the right time to eat an apple?
hey cough   stop it 
"sore throat, coughing, migraine, and feverish with too many things to do"
phone call from brennan o'brien cahill  awesommeee
welp  thats not good
berk in der fermverl
happy birthday tipsy
<propfemale> castles tonight
ramz
i feel so much better now that i finally wrote that paper for tonight
ramzzzz
ramz again
does the ticket link work for anyone?
need to find a way to <propmale>
just kicked a little watermelon
<propmale> here i come
made it to <propmale>
frisbee later anyone?
wish i had some nomz
thank you <propfirst> donnelly
"find me between the books, among the shelves of knowledge"
congratulations brennan o'brien cahill on becoming the sauciest of sailors
need a housemate   
i haven't showered in four days 
what should my 5th class be?
you exist in a world outside of thought- <propfirst> donnelly
anyone wanna drive me to blackstone farmville?
i love the way it looks before a storm
happy may day
<propfirst> street be mine
heck yes dope house
free banjo anyone?
definitely just rocked that exam
welp   back in farmville
spraynard's new album
just finished the girl with the dragon tattoo
dc till sunday for <propfirst> cunningham's graduation
social and economic philosophizing on facebook    drapes
congratulations <propfemale> hamilton
totaly watching pokemon from the beginning
if youre in richmond and wanna chill for a bit hit me up on da cellular
gotdamn speedin tickets
goin to richmond tonightt
jealous excited for all my friends who are going to shrine mont  hopefully i will see you all in a few weeks
green lantern or super 8?
iiiii want to do something
summer solstice
"it's violent and insane\and crucifying the inane"
dc for the day
"just biked to walmart, then down main and up high back to the house  just a little sweaty   "
soooo who wants to go camping for like two nights this weekend?
bryce orkney springs for the weekend
last week in farmville
volvo 850 turbo wagon for sale 1800 obo
24 hours
"so long farmville, hellloooooooo richmond!"
<propfirst> st livin
rollin to the rivah
internet finally working
wolfden comin in hot
first day of work-aced
likes to ride great danes 
<propfirst> simmons is such a cutie sometimes   
no work todayy
who has a grill?
sweet show
just bought $250 worth of books    
sprained my ankle    great
"i propose a citizen's arrest for <propfirst> rumsfeld, <propfirst> w  bush, and <propmale> cheney"
loves making vegan creations with <propfemale> chabot 
