875ace29184db353f3c2529ae653df9e
"gonna give facebook another try    had a good turkey day, had a blast at pov's with <propfirst>   "
"just chillin', exhausted and kinda moody today   been having a hard time    vikings are on, but my eyes glaze over as soon as i look at the tv    i need another nap    zzzzzzzzzzz    "
"happy new year, everyone  this last year has had some really good points, but i know the next one can put it to shame!  laugh "
"it's not about ignoring the differences or pretending we're all the same; it's about realizing that differences aren't good or bad, right or wrong  differences are a fact, they exist - the point is not letting them matter  differences make us who we are - judging because of them makes us ignorant "
i'm gonna be 25 this thursday    i feel old   lol if you wanna help me celebrate i'm goin to be at time out in elk river with a bunch of people that night  ladies' night so ladies drink free!!! ^ ^
just tired   
needing a time out   
so done with other people's bs   
"i traded eyeliner for dark circles, salon   hair cuts for ponytails, long showers for hairy legs, late nights for   early mornings, designer purses for diaper bags and i wouldn't change a   thing!! i love my child!! with mother's day drawing near lets see how   many mom's repost this  mom's don't care what we have to give up for our   kids! ~ i would give up everything for my children!"
"sad and shocked    rip jessy    laura, <propfemale>, cody   call me if you need anything   "
i really hate being sick   
"i'm just done  i'm sick of everything  if you don't care, then don't pretend "
"before you were conceived, i wanted you  before\ you were born, i loved you  when you were born, i saw your face and\ knew i was in love  before you were an hour old, i knew i would die\ for you  to this day, i will  with mother's day approaching repost \this if you have children you love more than life "
"amaya just said her first word! she said \bapa\"" (which is the name jaiden started for grandpa)"""
"will someone tell my 10-month-old daughter that babies are not supposed to still be awake at this time of night?!! i realize she napped well today, but this is ridiculous!"
"pissed off - didn't wanna nap all evening and end up being awake all night   again    but i got to see my friend <propfemale> and her new baby boy today, which was cool    so precious!"
just had the weirdest email chat on myspace    some people are seriously messed up    
"been having an eventful time with amaya lately  the latest: she finally started crawling last weekend! i thought she was going to skip it since she's so fixated on trying to walk, but she finally started to! another cool thing: she actually listened when i told her no today! too cool!  smile "
"frustrated with social services and all the crap they make me go through for the little help i get   it's not that i'm ungrateful, i just wish they didn't have to make it so difficult and seem so incompetent   "
i can't believe my baby is almost a year old already! she's growing up way too fast   
"had a crazy day following a crazy night    saw the st  <propfirst> fire dept  save a house down the street from my friends' place, took my friend to the er, and ended up driving all over hell and back because of a construction detour on my way home at 7am    finally got home, then i had to run errands, clean, make food, and wrap presents for amaya's b-day party tomorrow    i'm exhausted!"
p s  i also find it extremely interesting and a lil creepy that this morning last night marked the third time in the past four years that i've wound up in an er on july 10th   at least this time it wasn't for myself!
"so amaya officially turned one today!  smile  not too sure she enjoyed her actual birthday as much as her party, tho  she was really crabby today, which made getting pics taken at wal-mart and being out in the heat with no ac pretty much torture for her     sad "
*sigh*
"for anyone interested, we're having a garage sale at my parents' house friday and saturday  lots of baby stuff (girls' clothes newborn-9 months, boys' clothes newborn-6 months, equipment, etc ), kids' toys, housewares, some small appliances and furniture, books    anyway, if you wanna come, we'll be at my parents' house in elk river most of the day both days  send me a message or call for directions or questions "
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz       ~ ~
gotta love pointless arguments with people who think being intelligent and articulate negates the fact that their opinions are narrow-minded and ignorant   
"august 20th   once the happiest day of my life, now the most depressing day on my calendar    sep  14th isn't much better    *sigh*"
"first day of school and surprisingly feeling on top of things - so far  i already have this week's assignments done in 1 class  that's 1 down, 2 to go "
"doing really good with my schoolwork so far, but i'm really frustrated with one of my teachers already for an online class  seriously, it's been 5 days and i'm already like wtf? is she going to teach the class, or is an online class supposed to teach itself?! hope she gets her $h!t together - fast   "
"just got back from seeing the last exorcism    eh  not really sure how i felt about it  it had moments where i was pleased with it, but overall i'd say it's not that great  and a lil too <propfirst> witch-ish    my e playful ectations were higher, so i'm a bit disappointed "
this status was posted by a friend of mine whose son is on a freshman football team in er: \results\,875ace29184db353f3c2529ae653df9e,"so amaya's been walking for about a month now, and all of a sudden the other day, she started climbing the stairs! she's pretty good at it, but that leaves nowhere in our house really safe to let her wander around without watching her closely  so now we have a total of 4 gates on 3 staircases, plus one grandma sometimes uses for her office doorway "
life lesson: one-year-olds who have recently started walking can and will get into pretty much anything within their reach! nothing is safe anymore!
"my poor baby! amaya just burned her hands on a hot metal surface a little earlier  it's not too severe, but it's still pretty red and there's some blistering  by far the worst owwie she's ever had - she cried like the world was ending!  sad "
"so i'm pretty convinced my dad's ambien works a lil too well    last night, i went up to my room to get ready for bed, and was puzzled that my dad had left his bedroom door open and didn't seem to be anywhere in sight  i opened my bedroom door, only to hear my dad snoring away! he was so out of it when he got up to use the bathroom that he had gone to my room and passed out in my bed by mistake! wtf   "
"how about a car crash to start off your weekend? not quite what i had planned when i left the house    and now i have a no insurance ticket, a messed-up shoulder, and need to find a new car  oh, and i owe my parents for the tow trick  could've been worse, i guess   "
"just found out that i passed a really important test for school!!! i had to get 90% or better, and if i hadn't, i'd have one <propmale> to re-take it or i'd fail the whole class! i got 92 5%! <propfemale> happy!  laugh "
"for once, thinking having the guys in my house hogging the tv to watch football is a good thing   gives me space to study for school uninterrupted for a few hours - once amaya's in bed, that is   smile "
sooooooooo tired    trying to force myself to stay up another hour or so cuz otherwise i'll wake up at 3am and not be able to sleep more  this is not a problem i normally have - usually i'm wide awake until 3am and can barely wake back up by 10am 
in excruciating pain  i think that car accident messed my back up a lot more than i thought    been steadily getting worse all week   sad 
"sooo mad!!! i spent two hours last night carving jack-o-lanterns so my 1-year-old daughter could get in the spirit of halloween  they were probably on our step for 2 or 3 hours before some dumb %*%%^&% teenagers stole them and a bunch of other families' pumpkins and smashed them on the street nearby  they just left the tops, as a reminder of how ^(*!#$%$ stupid and cruel people can be "
"when life smashes your pumpkins, make pumpkin pie    thinking of blowing up a picture of our jack-o-lanterns prior to their being smashed and making a little memorial for them  amaya may be too young to understand it (thankfully), but this is the only thing i can come up with to not completely lose my enthusiasm for one of my absolute favorite holidays "
"for days now i thought amaya was feverish and moody because she's cutting teeth, and now realizing she might have a uti or some other kind of infection! i feel <propfemale> bad, my poor baby    probably have to take her into an urgent care place tomorrow  my mom and i are both kicking ourselves for not recognizing the signs <propfemale>ner!  sad "
"so just got back from urgent care for amaya, and the doc says it probably is just teething  no infection or anything serious  i'm relieved, naturally, but it kinda stinks to drag her in and have her screaming bloody murder for nothing  oh well, better safe than sorry  now to get ready for some trick-or-treating!  laugh "
"it is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live  and, they don't hold grudges  they       understand that life is busy, but you will always love them      re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends!"
"trust me, just try this! 1)\ go to google maps  2) go to get directions  3) type japan as the start \location  4) type <propfemale> as the end location  5) go to direction #43  6) \laugh, and repost "
"go to the google search <propfemale>  type in \where is <propmale> norris?\""  click on the first entry in the response list """
"omg, amaya slept until 10am today - that never ever happens! i mean, she's no 6am kid, but damn    it was probably my fault tho, she woke me up at 7 smile 0 and i gave her a pacifier and let her go back to sleep without realizing what time it was (how long has the sun been coming up this late?!), but i still didn't think she would sleep another 2 1 2 hours!"
really tired of being in pain constantly   sad  think i need to go back to my doctor and see what's up   
"ugh   can't the snow wait like a month? just for the holidays, then gone before my b-day?! puh-leeeeeze???"
"sooo effin' tired    trying to figure out a focus for an argumentative essay topic - several general ideas, nothing specific enough! blah   oh well, going to bed in 3   2   1   "
"\always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy \"" - <propfemale> angelou"""
"speechless  97 5% on a super important test  absolutely stunned, but elated   or will be once it sinks in   "
taking my own advice    off to get some sleep!  laugh 
"happy thanksgiving! hope everyone enjoys their holiday and stays safe  i'll be spending mine doing homework, so eat extra for me! when did i get all responsible and crap, anyway?! lol"
"<propfemale> tired  did 6+ hours of homework today, even sacrificed having thanksgiving with my family to get crap done, and yet still have <propfemale> much more to do this weekend    i am not thankful for homework!  sad "
"beyond miserable  woke up and immediately started sobbing today  it's not normal for a 16-month-old kid to wake up multiple times a night, every effing night! needed a good night's sleep desperately, and ended up waking up once every hour or two to a crying child the entire night   can't keep being so sleep deprived, but can't afford to not get crap done either    fml "
"i could really use a <propfemale> bit of free time in my daily life  i don't even care about the nonexistent social life right now  just give me enough time to watch a movie at the end of the day without feeling guilty or exhausted, a couple times a week  that would be the best christmas gift anyone could give me this year "
"so here's another question for all the moms out there: have you ever known or had a child deliberately gag themselves?! amaya's been doing it every now and then for a few months, totally at random, usually during or after meals  she sticks her fingers down her throat till she gags, and once she even puked all over grandpa  she balled her eyes out, yet she still does it "
"wow! googled about the gagging thing with amaya, apparently it's not so rare  i'd never heard of it, but sounds like plenty of people have dealt with it  most say it is for attention or out of curiosity, and she should outgrow it once she gets bored with it "
wow  just   wow  my mind is blown  got some very une playful ected news that i'm hoping is a good thing   
frustrated 
"looking at a very, very hectic and stressful week - just focusing on the fact that by this time next week i can (hopefully) relax more!    at least till next semester starts  lol"
"so word has it that the cartoon pics were a scam by a pedophile to lure in kids   i have to say i'm skeptical  it just doesn't make much sense to me, how that's supposed to work  ? but even if it's true, the support people have shown overpowers any negative intent, imo "
"i loved you the second i heard your heartbeat  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old, but i knew i would die for you and to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child, you make a decision to allow your heart to walk around outside    of your body  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself "
in for a long night of studying for my big final tomorrow    just hope i can get the sleep i so desperately need tonight 
"ugh   despite being exhasuted from a long, hectic day   feeling pretty good   smile  lots of positives, especially toward the end here  and i'm almost done with school for the semester, yay! now to pop in a movie, pass out, and hope amaya sleeps well tonight so i can, too   "
"urgent please read!! copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone, who knows someone  if you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this  it's important to spread the message  and the       hearts ????? for f***'s sake, don't forget the hearts!?????"
off to boldly brave the blizzard to bring my baby to get pictures   b!  smile 
the homeless go without eating  the elderly go without medicine  the mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised to them  yet we give billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest 2% of americans -- those who need it least  only 1% of facebook users will re-post this message  i am in that 1% -- what about you?
irritated and no longer in the mood to decorate 
"ugh! had too much coffee with <propfemale> tonight, and now i have the terrible jittery feeling of a caffeine high  it was only one large mocha    i'm such a lightweight - despite the fact that i have a big cup of coffee every morning!  sad "
"let's see   school - done (till jan )   shopping - done   decorating - done   gifts wrapped - halfway done   baking treats - haven't started   cleaning the house for guests - lmao! not done    oh, and waiting on pictures to send with cards  still, not too shabby   laugh "
"just   tired   so very tired, on so many levels     sad "
"way, way, way too much to do today, already exhausted, and amaya's been really crabby  this should be interesting   "
"<propfemale> happy my parents took care of amaya and let me sleep in this morning - really needed it! had a long and crazy but good christmas with all my family  amaya got spoiled (esp  by me), and had a good time  now to get the house in shape again   "
"i despise being sick   and now amaya's coming down with something, too     - -;"
"it's funny how the the human brain doesn't process the fact that i spelled the word \the\"" back to back before the \""human brain\"" in this sentence """
finally got back online after one of the nastiest viruses i've ever had to deal with   had to do a full system recovery and lost some of my files  ;_; i knew i shouldn't have downloaded that   
"probably gonna be offline awhile   no internet at home, gonna have to go to my parents' shop or my school's library for the time being   sad "
"thanks, everyone!  laugh "
"back online, yay!  laugh "
ready to throw out the pacifiers and baby monitors! tired of tantrums and interrupted sleep     sad 
"ready for this day to be over  problem is it'll just start all over again tomorrow, and so on and so on    god i could use a vacation "
<propfemale> exhausted   goin to bed asap! have an early class in the morning and it's gonna be below zero temps   ick!  sad 
"been a long, long day and way too cold   and it's still far from over     sad "
ugh   maybe back surgery wouldn't be such a bad idea   vicodin isn't even helping tonight   sad 
"seriously, who gets osteoarthritis at 26?! and a herniated disc in the same spot? this is messed up     sad "
"via cup of wtf: have you noticed \strap-on\"" is \""no-parts\"" backwards?? oh    the irony """
"been in a weird funk the past few days  not exactly depressed, but contemplative as all hell  been having a lot on my mind  ironically though, i've been less stressed out and anxious   go figure "
so i might've figured out why amaya always wakes up a ton at night: shorter naps!!! past 4 nights in a row she was really tired at bedtime and didn't wake up once! yay!!!
had an epidural steroid injection to help my back today   i cannot believe they let me drive myself home like that; i could barely feel anything below my waist for hours  at least i wasn't in pain   
"not feeling very loved for v-day   that's cool, tho  i've got my lil girl, so screw everyone else   playful "
"tomorrow, facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening, go to account> home invasion settings> cannibalism> brains, and unclick the \tasty\"" box  please repost  good luck"""
"fml!    anyone know of a decent but cheap 1 or 2 bedroom place to live, and or any emergency housing or financial assistance i should look into?? preferably in the elk river to coon rapids area? it's important   "
"the tension in here could strangle someone  is it too much to ask to try to be civil, at least for other peoples' sake?! i feel really loved when people avoid even being in the same room as me   pretty immature "
feeling the need tonight to list and reflect on all the blessings in my life  i'm so lucky and grateful i have these people things to make the negatives a little more bearable  a note will follow   
"i've learned time & again to never doubt how a single thoughtless action can change an entire life; deciding to drink & drive can end a life; a single night of lust can create a new life; and one act of anger can destroy a relationship, a family, an entire life forever   "
"sleep is singing me such a sweet lullaby, but alas! the sandman's running behind schedule     crying  guess i'll just hafta be patient   "
"amaya and i had a great day with friends, and it was much needed! thank you to <propfemale> and the greenbush clan!  laugh "
"so unbelievably tired  this chronic sleep deprivation crap needs to go! my stress level needs to decrease, too   "
goin comatose in 3  2   1     x x
"very, very worried   hoping everything turns out okay   "
"the good news: dad might be home tomorrow  the bad news: they didn't figure out what caused this whole thing, at least so far "
so incredibly swamped with homework at a time when i'm having a lot of trouble getting it done   spring break can't get here fast enough!  annoyed 
"stressing this big midterm project i have to finish for tomorrow   i might not get any sleep tonight, and i'm already exhausted!  sad  at least i have spring break next week   "
"okay, back to work now   still got a ways to go on this project, and my bed is luring me in   "
"•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨* •?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?\women are angels  and when someone breaks our wings, we simply continue to fly    on a broomstick!! be warned  we are flexible like that  keep posting this girls!\?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨* •?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸ •*¨*•?"
"despite feeling miserable and having a couple of crappy days, this is probably the first time in my life i haven't wished i could go to japan    my heart goes out to all nihonjin today for what they're going through - ganbatte!!! ;_;"
"(¯`v´¯)\`· ¸ ·´\¸ ·´¸ ·´¨) ¸ ·¨)\(¸ ·´ this balloon heart is traveling around the world for all the victims in the japanese earthquake & tsunami  please pass this balloon on & show your support & prayers for them all during this devastating time"
"found my new car today!  laugh  just hafta go meet the guy at the dmv tomorrow to transfer the title and pay the fees   it's about time! pretty nice car for the $ too, just has dents from hail damage "
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying 
my baby loves dogs! i'm so happy she got over being scared  a big thanks to fenris and <propfemale> for all their help   wink 
"having a great, exhausting spring break  got my new car, got outta the house with my baby girl, did some shopping, some eating out, saw the greats', and spent all day yesterday with friends in the cities and went to moa  amaya's loving getting out more, and so am i! can't wait for summer!!  laugh "
"spring break's over, and way too soon     sad  now the real fun begins - starting a new class that'll be 5 hrs a day 3 x's a week for 7 weeks    plus the clinical hours, plus my other 3 classes & homework, plus full-time mommy-hood, plus my other resonsibilities, appts , etc    summer! where are you?!! ;_;"
"obviously, breaktime is over    pretty much had an anxiety attack last night over the nursing assistant course that just started - this class is uber important, has very high standards and requirements, consists of 15 in-class hrs  wk  plus nightly homework and a week of supervised on-site clinical training, and determines not only if i graduate but if i can take the test to get my cna certification! stress!!!"
damn    it just took me like 20 mins  to un-bury my car - there was about 4-5 inches of snow covering the entire thing! now we can go to the store     annoyed 
"deadly terms used by women annoyed 1) fine - this is a word women use to end an argument when they know they're right and you need to shut up \2) nothing - this means something and you need to be weary \3) go ahead - this is a dare, not permission  don't do it!\4) whatever - is a woman's way of saying screw you!\5) that's ok - she is thinking long and hard before deciding how & when you will pay for your mistake!"
"wow   hectic day (again)  amaya and i went out for brunch and shopping, and her nap was put off till 3  my nephews and their friend got here a lil after 4 and just left  it's fun having them over and amaya loves playing with them, but i'm exhausted! still hafta get amaya ready for bed in awhile, then shower and homework   "
"decided to drop my nursing class that started last week  i need it to graduate, so that'll be put off till fall, but i just can't handle that class right now   too intense and time-consuming  i'm having enough probs with anxiety and exhaustion as it is, and i still have plenty of homework for the next 6 weeks   "
"there comes a point in your life when fun no longer means bar hopping, clubbing, being out til 4 am or drinking too much  it means movies, going out for family dinners, bedtime stories, and sleeping at 9 pm    becoming a parent doesn't change you  it makes you realize that the little people you created deserve the best of your free time! re-post this if you are proud to be a parent and love your \boring\"" life !!!"""
