5e26a5e15e16bc3f1906de8e9a2adb8d
happy new year!!!!!!!!!
r i p dear <propfemale> furuta  you did not deserve your suffering  ( if you don't know the story you should look it up )
"you're brave, copy this to your status and seewhat people rate you (1)crazy (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) ninja (5) loveable (6)sexy(7) strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) mouthy(11) wild (12) goofy (13) funny (14) awesomely awesome (15) amazing (16) beautiful (17) cute (1 smile drama <propfemale> (19) best friend (20) strong    willed"
boo!!
yay! found out how to make a pic my porfile pic  lolz
"it's so sad when people say things about you because they feel so low about themselvs   so glad i could be the bigger person and say what i thought in a pm insted of trying to get attention by placing where others read  get a life and stop fighting on the compter, girl "
3 days till i leave for devans! can't wait!
"note to self   dont try to side step backwards inthe basment with socks on     you will fall and hurt your knee, hip, and wrist    ugh  lolz  lets play a love game, play love game~  lolz stupid song made me hurt myself  >o<;;"
"in a country music mood  lolz  \ man i feel like a woman~~!\"""""
yay its augest now!11 days left!
"just got back from metropolis     feet, sides and thighs hurt  hellea good time though "
"been up all night cleaning re-aranging my room    still can't sleep though    i still have a few more loads of laundry to do before mom wakes up, then im sleeping on my floor  do not feel like making my bed  i shall save that for when i wake up    if i feel like it then   ugh now imma do it    f**king ocd  "
eah so mom opens my door and starts yelling about some mess on the table     anyother day would be believible but seeing as i have just  most of the house i know not to believe her  i walk in to find tons of new beads! time to make <propfemale>!!!
omg      made like 20+ <propfemale> today  would have made more if not for going to pizza hut  yet again  lolz
"whats does this say mean?: hilow dsb i r b-or-ed  \   now, whoever sounded that out, raise your hand, clap three times and turn to the left "
"clowns that only let you know, where you let your sensous go  clowns all around you, it's a cross i need to bare  all this black and cruel dispare, don't you hide your eyes from me, open them ans see me now  can you see me now? can you see, can you see, can you see? can you see me now    ?"
"well i'm heading off for a needed powernap  not that i'm tired, i just know i have a looong day ahead and i will need my energy  someone give me a wakeup call txt about 9ish please?"
much happier now  can't wait til the thursday! twin i am comming to attack your house!
i'm in love with a faerytale! even though it huuurts~~!
back from matsuri and just awoke from my nap  god i feel terrible but it was worth it  missing everyone dearly already  lets prey for no drama this year that would totaly suck balls 
go to upload pix from all the cons i have been to with the pix on my phone  when the album is up if your not tagged tag yourself and those you know  =p
                  blah
"so a car is comming your way  what do you stop it with? a) your own hand, b)  an asain guy, or c) none, let the wolf save her       sorry all my asain guy friends    edwerd hates asains   ;-; lol"
ay haven't been on in a loing time    and just relised how blonde i am   i thought i slepty all night and it was 7 smile 5am friday morning     ugh i hate sickness   sad (
"greeat   so now aside from alergies absolutly hating me, im cramping and all boatedy   uugh"
"\onna suki! onna suki1 homo <propfemale>nai! homo <propfemale>! homo j a  n ai--\"" o o lmao love <propfemale> <propfemale> """
am i the only one who notices that the bears on the charmin commercials cant even reach their ass`s`s so how did they wipe them in the first place? o o??
"so i tell my friend that if he ever kills my child in the future, i would reserecgte him and beat him  then he goes off on a 5 <propfemale> story as to why he has none  its too early for this "
"so i spoke to <propmale> today to get the closure i have so despretly needed, only it was harder than i though  he never cheated and only broke up with me because of our age    somehow that hurts so much more "
happy birthday to me! ^^
sooo <propfemale> and her mom are taking me to get my hair cut  going short again! send pix asap 
"so i relise now, my hair is nothing like i wanted uugh but its definantly something new  guess i should learn to style it soon  now i truely do look like a boy "
"so today was one of the best birthdays i have had  i would have enjoyed more time with mom, but she is working so its all good  saw her this morning  ^^ time to end the day with bed  lol"
time for a bubble bath with candle light  final day of relaxation before school  this shall be fun  *u*
so i went in to take a bubble bath and fell asleep  now it looks like my left thigh got atacked by an octopus  lmfao
"okay so insted of my tea tasting like peach and something else, it just tastes like hot beer  eew "
omg pealed oinins in culinary   started crying   not fun  lol
"so s storm is here, just when im ready for bed  greaaaaat "
o i haver to go to bed early so i can get a shower early in the morning  then school directly fallowed by catering  buisy day tomorrow 
"so because i went and sent my brothers and my mom a message on there fb, my oldest brother called me and told me not to kill myself  lol  gotta love that he cares, but now i know not to tell him and kiefer and mom that i love them all at once  lol"
time to start the real work for the banquet  this is gunna be a looong night 
(1 2) just got home from school  had a banquet to work  spilled ice on a man but that was the worst of the night  otherwise fun  abt 6 hrs worked with 1 20min
"i'm so sorry but i love, more more  "
"cannot thread my sewing machine     making me very sad      annoyed <"""
so i just took abt a 4-5hr nap  ordered a sub and now im happy  time for tv then back to bed     god my life is boring  lol
so i just found out mono is going around  no water fountan for me  lol
"\all i refuse & thee i chuse \"" - <propfirst> the shadow man """
in nc it is illegle to have sex with a drunken fish      the things we learn in culinary 
achevement: saying the abc¿s withought singing the song  now u try  =p
"why does no one txt me anymorez?  annoyed <"""
cannot figure out how to get song to musicmatch through limewire    uggh
"what happened to us? we used to be like sisters it seemed  now we almost never speak  can u tell me when our fabric of friendship began to rip at the seems?  annoyed <"""
just finnished my training for tonight  thank you <propmale> for helping me with the first poses' and taping the steps on the floor  more work tomorrow  yay!
so im in bed and i hear a thumping sound  freaked out someone is here i look out my window and see a car pass  bass was scaring me  =§=;
i love lesley    she makes my back not hurt anymore   untill i try to sit up then my sholders and ribs hurt  lmfao
omg i am so relieved that this whole mis comunication got solved  i didnt lie to him 
time for a long hot relaxing shower  then i gots to clean  lol 
dont you get it?! do you see the hat?!! i am miss  nesbit!!!!! blahahahahhahahahahahhahahahha!!!!!!!!!
"harley: the door wont close!, me: your foots in the way    ,  harley: ooh!"
omfg   the line to ki tonight    wtf!!!?
drop tower = fml!!
dimond 2 times in a row= win
i have my temps! i got me permit! i can start driving!!!!! üü
"when life hands u a <propmale>, stroke a furry wall!"
"i like it on the floor  sometimes i like it on my bedroom door and if im not lazy, the couch or kitchen table or chair  =p"
"\ are you a prostitute?\"" \"" are you a cop?\"" \""       \"" \"" then no \"" \"" get you hands off of me   =§=; \"""""
"\ this is what you do: x laugh  \"" lmfao  wow i should have e playful lained how i got that     laugh """
kareoke night at bws  lmfao
pretty bra makes me feel pretty  -w-
i drove the car and no one died!!!!  laugh  yay!
"\ look mom she has huge tittie-boobs!!\"""""
"\what? how did you eat a dime?\"" \"" hoouse\"" lmfao"""
just watched splice  not scarry but kinda sad 
just now relising how long this bus ride is going to be     uuuuugh
rocking out to crazy frog  lmfao
laying in the bus isle       attempting to sleep not so easy      cuz then ppl waking      up and make u laugh  annoyed 
"just made it hom from the fieldtrip  cleaveland, for those who dont know is out in the middle of bfe, just east of wtfai? thats where the amish are "
evidently i cannot go to the mall alone because some other mofo s ruined it for us all       > sad 
yay mommy you can zip your pants! lmfao
acapulco has the best white cheese ever!!!
heated blankets are the new love of my life!
gauging from a 2 to a 0 is painful! but i am thankful <propmale> can help with that  one ear in pain one down  uugh tomorrow on the bus is just pain in the waiting!
"so i turn on the tv today for the hell of it, turn to between the lions(havent seen it in a long time) and what do i hear? a son telling kids to \surf the web\"""""
"hey you woodchucks, stop chucking my wood! lol"
omg just cried in science  we watched the ugly duckling  dont judge me! so sad!
"yesturday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a guift  thats why it is called the present "
okay so went to the doc and on 2 meds  uugh  stupid caugh and sinus(sp) infection  uuuugh 
yay for no school today! or tomorrow! woooo~~!! buuuut then im back friday  oh well   love 
"julie: your blanket is niiiice \me: i know  its like a huge \julie: yep  like a hug from a big fuzzy snake  a nive one that loves you \me: that is going on fb "
then the snake spreds it skales out and its flat  then it hugs you      and its warm! fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy  - <propfemale> 
"life handed <propfemale> a jefery, and she was huged by a giant fuzzy warm snake!!! omfg!!! giant fuzzy snake      thats warm!!! \its loveing tooooo~!!\"" -<propfemale>"""
yeah  we lokve my heated blanket that much 
why does my attention to books have to be so strong? i can not put this book down to sleep!!
"(1 2) what is it with this country? are all americans amateur shrinks? you`ve got therapists on the radio and therapists on the telly, and every one of you"
(2 2) speaks fluent psychobabble  - giomanach
celtic women have such a beautiful sound to them  so gladi found them again   smile  )o(
time for a quick bath and exfoliation 
"i swear boy, if you keep pushing my buttons, i am going to loose all controle  so lets meet in the hall 7th period again  lol"
turns out he does like me! yay! now what to do?
"give me some time and i could call him mine  question is, do i want to?"
and ms  <propmale> worked so hard to get those underwere!
looks as though he clamed me first  im now his 
"new goal! save up all my monies after today, for a car  why after today? its xmas shopping day  lol"
mommy the seizure baby at walmart scares me!!
damn man    why does toy story 3 gotta make me cry?
well now that most of my xmas shopping is done i am happy  hopefully kiefer will be an amazing brother and take me to the mall to finish shopping for <propfirst> 
inception just incepted my brain    
loving my big bro kiefer even more   lol  thanks for the ride bubby  on meh way <propfirst>!
wccc is closed due to snow     yay! now lemme sleep!
"\lets all dive into our black mirrors and have our friends kil us in the water \"" ( one weird ass dream i had )"""
well discussed my dream about the black mirror with my brother <propfirst>  guess i should be on the lookout for my true friends  all you girls with red hair    im watching you~!~
happy new tears <propfemale>!
** happy new years <propfemale> !
all my grades are a- but math and culinary they are a+  so all a`s  yay for me  ^^
time to learn a medium dice for potatoe soup  yum!
omg my soup is so good!
"so confused at first then, just pleased  wish we could <propfemale> this weekend       maybe "
<propfemale> was stupid to not pick <propmale>  just sayin` 
"do not like how facebook mobil is on my phone, and that i dont remember my myspace info  -falce palm-"
i love watching stuff on nostradamus 
hates having to do laundry before i can get a shower and go to bed 
"so we spoke about how i feel things are going, and he said he will change  i guess when we see eachother next will be the test "
and the oldman brings over some hot guy to do the lightswitch    and i look like crap  greaaaat  lol
this is how i know kiefer has corrupted me    watching a comercial and made fun of the guy    god kiefer you made me mean 
i was abducted by aliens toda y they scared me 
so i made it late and still finished my english exam with time to spare  feel confident about it too  math is over and it was 96 problems  now lunch then cul 
weeeeell       culinary is a not too good test       bad 
so i finnished immortal beloved  can not wait until the next book   love 
"my total facebook views are: 6042 \\find out your total profile views @ http annoyed  bit ly fqfeuv"
"my total facebook views are: 5991\\find out your total profile views @ http annoyed  bit ly i4rlw0"
wanna go tag team this stall wtih you? crap in the same stall as me  - kiefer and mom 
how to know you are going to have a bad day: when the bus driver closes the door on your acnle 
"ms  <propmale>: that last post was for ms  <propmale>, not collins <------ hates being wrong with names"
now has a skype  just need to install 
"so he is going to his school dance  and not taking me  yet wants me to get us to my school dance,  but he did not invite me to his  wtf?"
so the dumbass got arrested for probation violation  6month-1year  good thing i was told by a friend  imma beat hid ass when i see him again  thats if i do 
"thank you unnamed person, for the information you bestowed upon me lastnight  it backed up my reasons for my new start  i am going single again laugh  "
feeling alone  someone text me  :  
lebanon is the only school in the damn county and i still have school 
"gets happy when people like her cooking so much they keep asking for more, then the recipe   love "
too damn tired  back to bed for 20 
"as of last week my relationship status is single, im just too lazy too change it "
"what song reminds you of me? this is what i have so far: <propfirst>- daughter to father by: <propfirst> lohan, kiefer- fucking perfect by: pink  give me the song that when you hear reminds you of me  i will tell you the same "
fury of the  storm is one of my faves on gh
omfg        my profil language is is in filipino      laugh d
now in pirate mode     loving this!
so now everything is flipsided   cool app  laugh 
"they say that love is forever, your forever is all that i need "
chesty heaven thong
im not your daddy im your grampaw!
"at the dentist, so craving a coney dog  lol"
got my temp  contacts in  yay!
just remembered no school tomorrow  wooot!
so much for amounts  cant wear them  when one wont go on without creasing when i try putting it on 
"my total profile views are : 9543\girls views : 5668\boys views : 3875\check yours at - http annoyed  bit ly drddss"
im as good with sudoku as a sumo wrestler is with a marathon 
"if you cant stand me, tell me  and why would you think i am comming on to you when i havent wanted to date you for 3 years?  omg dude think!"
limburger cheese = barf
is so happy she found herself on deviantart so she could log in  ^^
i lost  the game!
im now at a 00 gauge  didn't even feel the transition 
"nee kamisama oshiete yo dou sureba negai wa kanau?\aa   konna ni setsunakute nemurenai no wa <propfemale> no sei sa  "
just had toast and an omlet  yummy
im such a reable i walk in the exit door at walmart
whn knew killing a song would be so much fun?
still cant believe <propfirst> fergino shook my hand twice and winked at me and signed my shirt 
according to <propfirst> girl scout cookies are made by a cult and a giant squid is sacrificed to make the dough 
it's incorporate touch tuesday   sorry <propfirst>   playful 
so i made dinner tonight and everyone liked it  yay!
just relized she is very content and happy being single  not going to ruin this 
so a wreck means no school on time  lol
a fun day with friends to start and ending with disney movies and <propfemale>  great day!
blueberry
i cant believe that you can see who is viewing your profile! i can see the top 10 people and i am really openmouthed that my ex is still checking me every hour  you can also see wh0 check your profile @: http annoyed  goo gl vhnco
kareoke night with the girls  lol
happy st  patricks day!
looks like im not going to a&g this year  don't have the money i thought 
i cant believe that you can see who is viewing your profile! i can see the top 10 people and i am really openmouthed that my ex is still checking me every hour  you can also see wh0 checks your pr0file @ http annoyed  goo gl yiqmg
going to school without my glasses  i feel nakid
wow          my lips are ticklish right now  weird 
so im free this weekend  anyone wanna make plans?
"just because i go to karaoke with a friend, does not mean that we are dateing  god"
thinking of my matsuricon cosplays  hmm    who should i be? all ideas welcome
"the best thing about the single life, is that no one has my eye "
"mom, you are terrible  never do a joke like that again! just remember what you joke about can come true!"
why is it that even after so long i can still miss you this much? my chest achs for you to look at me that way you used to   annoyed \
<propfirst> might be having the baby today! yay!
got my prom dress!
if anyone wants to hear a truly touching song listen to 9 gatsu 9 <propfemale>  look up the lyrics if you dont know what its saying  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=h_mdwbyrrwe&feature=related
so im going to wccc prom <propmale> and lebanon prom with <propfemale> 
stayed the night with a j   i was so happy to see her i bawlled my eyes out 
"woke up at 3 smile 0 this morning, made cocowheats and rinsed out the pot and bowl, did home work and took a nap  lol"
my facebook profile has been viewed 5991 times and i can see that i have few stalkers  find out your total profile views @ http annoyed  bit ly ekfau4
"so like i knew would happen, <propmale> got prom <propmale>  what i didn't e playful ect was the <propfemale> pong game i'm now in "
time for some nat geo; earth: the making of a planet  yeah imma dork like that  lol
"wow   just wow  google or youtube these people, they are the most rasist, prejedust, and hateful people i have ever heard of  to top it off they are christian! westboro baptist church again just wow "
"my love 4 u burns like 1,000 recital bleeding seams"
"so far tonight, not my night  things can't get much worse, can they?"
single and sad  ):
i got a job! yay!
oh god! its amazing to see that u can know who views your profile   i can see my top profile visitors and i am speecless to see that my ex is still browsing my profile every hour  u can check urs @ http annoyed  qite ws g0x5h0
ramen for breakfasts to start the day  going good so far  ^ ^
chasing a bus is not fun!
so i set off the car alarm     while i was in the car  wow  i am just that talented 
i passed survsafe!!
you never know how fucked up a person is until you hear the unbelievably true  please excuse the language but       just damn!
"im a senior now baby! watch out everyone, class of 2012 gunna be craaaazy!!!!"
"when my days with him went by too fast, why does a day alone have to be so slow!?"
"taking out my contacts, bed, waking up, shower, do something to take up time, work, and then home   smile  what a day for tomorrow and tonight "
spuods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? o? ??s?d pu? ?do? s??? p??? u?? no? ?? '?sod ? ???? o? uo??u???? ??d spu???? ?? ?o ?u?? ?o?
"florida is the first state that will require drug testing when applying for welfare (effective july 1st)! some people are crying this is unconstitutional  how is this unconstitutional yet it's okay that every working person had to pass a drug test in order to support those on welfare? re-post if you… agree!!! let's get welfare back to the one's who need it, not those that just want it!"
"why does every ones status repeat itself ,like, 4 times???"
"is happy she get 27 hours next week and 19 this week      but wants more than one day off   annoyed  oh well, work= money"
closing waitress again  ugh
"ugh pizzahut food, you are going to make me fat! lol"
yay on break  that means more time with mom before she leaves   love 
im home  yay!
time to watch good old disney  time for <propfirst> hood on vhs   love 
<propmale> house and food plus movies equals 15 lbs to thighs and emotional problems  lmfao  are we ready for this? maybe  haha
this year july has 5 fridays 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese philosophy of feng shui  those who read and do not copy will be without money  i am copying cause i'm not taking any chances!!!!!
so sucker punch was confusing  anyone e playful lain it to me?
"let's see who truely reads my status     you and i wake up in a police car handcuffed together  using three words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment as well  be a good friend and play along  (3 word limit is hard )"
happy 4th everybody!
"it's official  signal at 12:20 it even passed on tv  facebook will start charging this summer  if you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you  please pass this message if not your count will be deleted  p s , this is serious the icon turns blue "
"woke up, youtube, laundry, washed face, and now tea  yep nice day so far "
5 mins of break left  this is going to be a long night 
i am a super <propfemale> with a  big big house and a big big car! i am a super sta and i don't care who you are!!!
beware!  fat feet fat pinky toes!
thanks fro talkin to me and putting my mind at ease <propmale>  youre a great friend   love 
omg hangin out with <propfemale> tommorrow  i'm so excited!!!!  smile )
had fun with <propfemale>  glad we got to hangout  i have missed her   smile 
breast feeding baby doll? what?!?!
"so who all is excited for matsuricon?!?!?!\i know i am!"
"so i ordered my contacts from youknowit com  well i hope they get here safely  i mean come on, who doesn't want red and white contacts in prescription with a 1 year life span?"
"thank you florida!!! ! florida is the first state that will require drug testing when applying for welfare, effective july 1st! some people are crying this is unconstitutional  how is this unconstitutional? it's ok to drug test the people who work for their money but not those who don't? re-post if you want all states to do this "
nothing makes you feel more like a b*tch than having to tell your ex you arnt together anymore after about 7 months of absence  and on his pass  sorry <propfirst> ):
at the movies with aj  yay!
work at 5 smile 0  gunna watch the sunrise then crash  lol
sitting outside  watching the sunrise  haven't slept in almost 24 hours  my summer goal is complete   smile 
watching planet of the apes  god i love this movie  been a long time since i last saw it   smile   love 
"chillin at my place with zhou and miku  got my hair done, now watching a movie   smile "
6 5 inches ):
not yet  gave me a hav and a visor
im off tommorrow  who wants to go to kings island and can provide a ride? pm me or txt me 
"if anyone wants to get me the best gift ever, you can get me the walt disney collections   love "
feeling totally sick  uuuugh i blame <propfemale>!
"my teachers for this year: mrs  <propmale>(  love  ), mr  tarkin, ms  snider, mr  stangel, and mr  welch  if you had them or know them, tell me how they are!!!"
at matsuri watching history channel 
"at <propfemale> milner house, because of a storm  having a fun time  loved matsuri!!!! looking forward to sugoi       time for post con depression to set in  =[["
easy  it's not agent the rules?
"okay, my birthday gift to me is one of these: <propfemale> bites, snake bites, or my tongue  gimme a vote to see what imma do "
bored in class  switching out subs every time the <propfemale> rings  no cooking baking  not fun  text me?
"got work tonigh, then bed  school, bringing <propfemale> skeens home with me then going to vex with jun plavši?  i cant wait!!!"
<propfirst> izzard along with everyones birthday wishes is making this a good day   love 
mom is doing the penguin waddle   laugh d
"at pariso, 3 people just got shot  wtf!?!?  i'm freaking out guys!"
"1 is dead  saw his body, limp arm falling off the stretcher  1 in the arm  he is alive  the 1 in the back, not sure yet  3rd in the chest is gone  damn "
got a skype? add me! aalyzha
"me- \ qick as a hare? \"" \",5e26a5e15e16bc3f1906de8e9a2adb laugh ,okay so i just watched the fighter and so i had to watch the sugar <propfirst> and dicky real fight  <propfirst> was stripped and pushed  not ko  juuuuuuuuuuust sayin  ;p now time for bed so i can awake in the morning  lmfao
great  i lost ten freaking more dollars  fml  
so this question goes for everyone who knows something about computers  what is the best and free anti-virus stuff to download for my laptop? asap response please!
"finally re-gauged my ears to a 2  still got 2 sizes to go to be back to normal  it just sucks that my left ear lobe is throbbing  uuugh, oh well i know its only temporary\   love "
so kiefer <propfirst> colmer violated my pizza  so rude  lmfao
bored in class  need to find something to do thats not school or wrok related  someone text me  828-217-8696  btw i hpe to get some body mods done in the next 2 days  wish me luck and a ride!!
just got my tongue pierced  now just awaiting the real pain with some aleve   playful 
"stupid tongue ring           making me think you are my popsicle so i try to chew you        makes me in pain tomorrow, i know it "
"craving the pizza in the fridge  mom, bring home apple sauce and aleve  the other one e playful ired  =x"
"fake friends - never ask for food   real friends - are the reason you have no food\fake friends - never seen you cry   real friends - cry with you\fake friends - know a few things about you   real friends - could write a book about you\fake friends - would knock on your front door   real friends - walk right in and say \i'm home\""\",e6bcffb606ad2afdcc65f8ce83eab64d,go spain!!!!!
