b44b0f653901b05279b99172cba4cfa4
"had an absolutely great night  takota broc thiem and <propfemale> <propfemale> nichols  throw the best parties ever!!!! and i brought in the year with my lovely <propfemale> statler! good night, folks!!"
asks that everyone prays for <propfemale>'s very sick five month old kitten 
"has to say something before he e playful lodes  we're adults, or at least grown up enough  we're tired of people sticking their nose in places they don't belong  if we want or need your help, we know how to get in touch with you  so stop be controlling "
discovered that writing on the back of senior pictures is very depressing 
is beginning the journey of        mrs georgi's monster paper!!!
<propfemale> 1= done
3 pages done 
"hates drama     no loathes high school drama  some people don't like being around certain people  that's how it is in the real world, so get over yourself and grow up!"
is a dorm leader!!!
"'s car is broke  <propfirst> died    but she's getting fixed  until then, more time with my beautiful girlfriend   laugh "
"love is patient and kind  love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude  it does not demand its own way  it is not irritable, and it keeps no record of being wronged  it does not rejoice about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out  love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful, and endures through every circumstance "
"is taking an extended leave from his computer  if you really want to get a hold of him, try texting him   "
"birthday party at bluestem lake sunday night from 8 smile 0 to whenever  come if you want, and text me if you need directions "
"went a dumb trip to west <propmale>  at 4am  with one cool kid, a kid he didn't know, and a tool "
"accomplished one huge task  now, he is off to a slightly smaller one "
"heaven's gates won't open up for me  with these broken wings i'm falling and all i see is you  these city walls ain't got no love for me  i'm on the ledge of the eighteenth story  hurry, i' m falling  i'm falling "
"why, look you now, how unworthy a thing you make ofme! you would play upon me; you would seem to knowmy stops; you would pluck out the heart of mymystery; you would sound me from my lowest note tothe top of my compass: call me whatinstrument you will, though you can fret me, yet youcannot play upon me "
"says if you really wanted to talk to him, you'd text him  and even then, his heart might not respond "
pwned mikey lyric <propmale> and <propmale> herrera tonight 
just ran to hansen  in the pouring rain  to help a friend with four biology questions  it was epic!
feels so much better now than you're gone forever  and his hand is all messed up  life lesson- college is rough 
you thought i was angry but i was only disappointed; you thought i hated you yet i just wanted you to care about me like i thought i cared about you  fyi- this isn't just one you   
hates it when people say they don't do things when they do  like drinking  he doesn't support drinking but doesn't bash people for it either  until you deny that you do it 
"is sitting in sociology, where we went third grade mode and had a seating chart  lame!"
"\humility is not thinking less of yourself; humility is thinking of yourself less \""- <propfirst>"""
"lost his phone  if you find it, know where it is, or who took it, facebook him "
"says he got so caught up in protecting it, he forgot to live by what he'd learnt from it "
"isn't stupid  maybe if his opinion mattered, he talk and come around more often "
god talked to him today at hour of power! twice!
"dear fifth dentist, you use a bottle of <propfirst>, don't you? sincerely, the other four dentists"
is starting a fast from all food except fruits and vegetables until the 14th  wish him luck because meat is so delicious    
"to all the veterans and current servers, thank you  i may not have always supported your leader but i have always supported the leader of all and you!!!"
"is reminding all of his wonderful amazing friends that he is preaching sunday  at radiant springs church in crete  if you need directions, text or facebook him  (p s  if you don't go, <propfirst> <propmale> will super cut you!!! lol rofl!!!)"
2 <propfirst> 4 smile  
believes whole-heartedly that <propfirst> was the spiritual muhammad <propfirst> of e playful laining my walk with god 
"dear people, \need a relationship counselor? i'm available \sincerely, \god"
"love is all we need  not the beatles song, but god's awesome, consuming love!"
"truly, truly, ignorance is bliss  1 corinthians 13:11-12"
"ugh    i try to get rid of the smell of my roommates \activities\"" and get in trouble for the smell of that      mlia"""
"that's when she said,\i don't hate you boy\i just want to save you while there's still something left to save\that's when i told her,\i love you girl\but i'm not the answer for the questions you still have  (h)"
"is at a crossroads  where is the line between tolerance and love? p s  if you comment, don't hate  there's no room for hate here  also, if you want someone to see your point of view, look at it from his hers too "
decided to conform (to god!!!) and his friends  pm a number and i'll post something i think about you 
"13: wow nice number  even though we usually argued, you're a cool cat  work hard and you might get somewhere  lol"
"1010111: dude, i remember when we were little and tight  those were the days  pokemon still rules "
3 14: awesome!!! don't let people pull you down because they're jealous  you've got a good heart 
22: hiya  i haven't talked to you in forever  don't fall in with that party crowd because you're better than them and that crowd 
3: nice choice although you don't intimidate me  lol  i don't know what you're up to but i bet trouble is involved 
"829: you're a great kid  grow up strong because the world is a cold, cold place  but you'll always have a friend in me "
53: you're a good person who has really grown in the past year  god's got some great plans for you 
"818: wow, what happened to you? i haven't heard from you for forever "
"13: i always thought you were cool  no matter what you did or people said, you lived true to yourself "
53 5: you're a cool kid  it's funny how someone so small can be such a good leader 
345: i used to think you were a jerk  but i'm glad i found out different and met you 
73: i don't know you that well but i hope you don't get in too much trouble    lol 
"93456235698347592837: to be honest, you were always the better one of us  i'll always be there for you and protect you from whoever attacks you "
213: you're a cool cat  i'm glad to have class with you even if you never talk in there 
"27: wow, you're a weird child! but that's ok  read the last part of the really long number   "
101: you're a great kid  don't let life get you down  because it isn't worth coming into the muck  and you can't get much smaller  lol
"666: geez, that's a number  you're a smart kid  so come to doane because unl sucks"
"111: even though you're not the brightest kid or the nicest dude,  you make people laugh  don't lose that "
"4848: man, i don't know what to say  i hope you've cleaned up because you're better than that other stuff "
"1: you are a big irk sometimes  but a huge friend  seriously, college wouldn't be the same without you  you'll always have an ally in me "
16: wow did you have talent  i don't know if you're using it now but i sure hope so 
72: i remember way back in the day when we were all friends  good ole elementary 
"7: you are the biggest irk ever  jk  i love you kid  even though i hate to admit it, you're usually right  but as you should know, you don't to here the right answer all the time   playful "
"4,200,000: i don't know what to say  honestly  like we used to be brothers  and then you changed  and i changed  and i still want to be brothers, but we're so different that i don't know if it'll ever happen  why did we fall apart? dang women  dang influences "
had an epiphany  no one defines my self worth  people try to impact how we look at ourselves  but i'll challenge that  i'm going to let god define me 
"is done with four of his seven juries  on a side note, his hand is tired from writing 13 pages of essays for both of <propfirst> clanton's finals    good thing he's a pretty sweet teacher "
"is sick  which is a great time to be before vocal juries tomorrow  but as he was reading his news feed, he was cheered up  some people never grow up and take responsibility for their actions  i'll admit that at one point i was one of you  but let's face facts; i wanted something more and you won't work for anything "
had a blast tonight with <propfemale> pahre!!! great e playful erience  next too? i think so 
"just found out that, in a gallup poll of most respected individuals, <propfirst> <propmale> is more respected than churchill, mandela, and gandhi, to name a few  a win? i think so!"
"won't always be there, so love yourself and others when i'm gone "
to the cloud!!!
won't have a working phone until tuesday  facebook or e-mail him if you need something 
had a super great night last night  god is good 
"best phone conv ever: oper- okay, what is your zip code? me- 68333  oper- okay  so you live in new england in the town of c-r-e-t-e, crete  me- it's actually nebraska but that's the right town    "
officially has a reason to hate ipods: it took 30 minutes to sync     
guess who has no class today??? me!!!!!
is stuck in a ditch  it's pretty cool  no pun intended 
"\how did you know what my dad's name was?\"" rj jensen"""
"\or was it <propfirst> that said 'suck it!'?\"" @<propfirst> papstein"""
"courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point  \c  s  <propfirst>"
accidentally dropped the soap    uh oh! d:
"just got a tattoo, it's pretty ballin "
"\what's a motto?\""- simba\",b44b0f653901b05279b99172cba4cfa4,"\why are we buying nazi ice cream?\""- me  \""because it's good \""- <propfemale>  \""that's because they have all the jews making it \""- rj"""
"god- \i will love you for you  not for you have done or what you will become  i will give you the love you never knew \"""""
damn you greek people waking me up early with your screaming and whatnot!!!
"dear greeks,\this is your last warning  get pledgers during normal 8a m -11p m  hours  if you have a problem with this, you can tell security about it  and last note: break my quiet hours again and i'll break your face!\sincerely,\sarcastic and non-affiliated"
rugby was great tonight! congrats to doane rugby and to <propmale>  just wait <propmale>; we'll win in the tourney!!!
feels like more people should get their facts straight before spouting off  he realizes that he does the same thing often times but knows that a good way to put something into practice is to say it out loud 
"\say what you mean and do what you like because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind \"""""
\a man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do \,b44b0f653901b05279b99172cba4cfa4,"\i'm out of the closet now  no going back \""- <propfirst> papstein"""
corbin urick: i like wood 
just beat portal  time for portal 2!
book? booook? where are you book? just come book    
"for i am his and he is mine\bought with the precious blood of christ!"
"so out of pure need, does anyone who has voice jury on wednesday after 1 pm want to give me there slot? my accompianist won' be there until then    message me?"
"loves how everyone complained when it was cold for it to be hot and now that it's hot, people complain and want it to be cold "
"way to go out with a bang, smith hall!"
<propfemale> potter is the best sister ever! i love her soooo much   love 
"my beautiful, gorgeous, magnificent girlfriend <propfemale> statler is the most amazing girl in the world and is so much stronger than me and i will do anything for her cause i love her!"
"<propfemale> was booking a flight to maine  she started to smell something burning and noticed that the smoke was actually coming from the computer! as she dialed 911 on the cell phone, she swung open the front door  an ostrich was sitting on her front porch  startled, it violently pecked at <propfemale> in both of her eyes until she couldn't see  295 people have gotten aids by not sending it to 30 people  you have 1 minute "
"<propfirst> really needs to learn how to log out   laugh  upside, he has the best sister ever, <propfemale> <propfirst> potter!"
"so the us will default in a week    2012 my butt, more like 8-2-2011  hahaha"
"got texting back today so if you have tried unsuccessfully to text me, you can now "
"116 crew, kj52, as i lay dying, red, skillet, and p o d  all in one day? only jesus coming back could be better than this!"
is no longer a kid  new adult right here!!!
thank you all for the birthday wishes  they were much appreciated 
it's a spectacular show because my heart pumps diesel!
"so my week old laptop crashed today while i was playing a game on high performance, thus draining my battery fast  while on the phone with tech support, i noticed that my charger wasn't plugged into the power strip all the way    my computer works fine now  mlia"
"wolf blitzer: congressman <propfirst>, do you think a man should die then if he is in a coma and has no insurance?\five people in the crowd: yeah!!!"
come to watch the doane rugby team play against usd saturday night at 6pm!
"apparently, yelling profanities is not covered by the first amendment in a private college  good thing i don't pay to go here   "
"has the kindest sister of all time, <propfemale> <propfirst> potter "
doctor's visit: $25 co-pay  12-16 200mg of ibuprofen for 2 weeks: $6:49  only having a sprained mcl and acl with a 75% recovery in 2 weeks: priceless!
l'shana <propfemale>!
<propfirst> <propmale> mills' utilitarianism  comments  agreement  disagreement?
"one year ago today, i started a relationship with one of the beautiful girls in my life  i love you <propfemale> "
