c8840157152fdced257c48a1fbd592b8
im so sick someone come take care of me!
r u happy telsha!
im not going to lie i just had some fried chicken      and it was delicious!
"soooooo i just spent 15 minutes looking for my new stick of deodorant, and realized that i had a dream about going to wal mart and buying deodorant sooooo, yeah im of to the store to buy some real deodorant  im so special!"
maannnnn i got the fries that will cross yo eyes! i got the shakes that will make you quake! i got the burgers            man i just got burgers!
"i just had ice cream for breakfast for the first time in my life! i felt guilty, but then realized im a grown ass man! bacon, eggs, sasauge, buscuits and vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup, topped with slightly salted nuts hahahaha  im retarded"
"my brother just had a baby girl and she is gorgeous! but          it        ok ill just say it! it was a lot whiter than i though it was going to be? im sure its going to get a lil more color in an couple days but if it didnt have danes nose, which is very distinct! i'd have to be askin jenn some questions hahaha"
"family is in town!!!! my two new beautiful nieces in the same house! im going to my brothers for dinner, mom and dad sitting across the table from each other  could get interesting, got my popcorn ready!!!"
famous <propmale>'s and go cart racing here we come!!!!
"my oldest niece left yesterday and i truly miss her  as i kissed her goodbye and gave her to my sister, she turns back and waves good bye and my heart melted  it's funny that i know one niece for 10 months and the other for a couple weeks, and i love them both more than life itself  i cant imagine how it feels to be a parent  they're both to lucky lil angels "
"intermural flag football! its time to bust out some ochocinco all over that ass! haha i better be carefully, not as young as i use to be! might pull a hammy! kobe!!!!!"
"just got through toy story 3, it was so sad! made it til the end annnnnnnd, sooooo i didnt cry      more like a dry heave hahaha, dont judge me!"
"i woke up this morning and decided i didnt want to go to class, then i told myself    self stop being lazy so i get up go down to heat up my car  i find my baby in snow up to her doors  so 30 minutes and 5 nice guys later i was out! so i rush to school running a lil late, ope doors up the doors to nothingness, i turn around and on the board says class is canceled today! damn, so i go back out to my car get in and"
"guess what, yeah im stuck again! this time it only took 3 nice guys and 5 minutes  so im going home and decided im going to be a bit smarter and not park where i got stuck! but in the parking lot across the street!"
"well guess what happened when i tried to get in that parking lot      oh yeah  but one guy and 2 minutes later i was unstuck yet again haha! i ended up parking 1 2 mile way at a beautifully plowed bank  i know what your thinking <propmale> you need a truck or <propmale> you need new tires, and i say yes to both!"
"ok! so i was watching <propfemale> the other night      what about is it? i got kinda lost after his mom got mysteriously kidnapped, lol  but someone through me a bone was there a moral behind this story or is it just an hour cartoon about deer being born?"
"ok! so i was watching <propfemale> the other night      what is it about? i got kinda lost after his mom got mysteriously kidnapped, lol  but someone through me a bone was there a moral behind this story or is it just an hour cartoon about deer being born?"
"i watched casablanca for the first time this week! i gotta tell you thats a good ass movie! here's lookin  at you kid!  humphrey bogart isnt the most attractive, but something about him was just captivating! and <propfemale> bergman is gonna be my next ex-wife! a woman who can pull a gun on the man she loves is a keeper!"
"i love wrapping presents the day before christmas! \\p s  glitter wrapping paper is not a good idea, it looks amazing but it did a number on my hands! looks like i just got in a fight with a stripper! <propfemale> christmas!"
"i just hit a dead squirrel! i feel horrible like im the one the one that killed it! but if it was alive its definitely not now, i didnt see it and before i knew it i had double tapped it with my left two tires! r i p  <propmale>!"
