caa3e252f77c0bc74d01ba5d103f0673
i'm cured! lol time to party in baggage! lol jk
my hair's growth has been stunted   why?!! lol it never grows when i want it to!  sad  can't do nothing! lol --i've been watching too much <propfirst> lopez lol
dont know why i take these stupid ass quizzes    they just bring up bad memories
is ready to throw myself off the highest building    good day my ass! that astrology thing lies!
"the pain in my chest is the only thing that keeps me linked to you  if i had been stronger, would you still be with me  do you too have nightmares and dark nightly episodes? are you still out there or did u succeed in what i could not? did you leave me alone to beg for death or are you still out there crying with me? i have no answers, so i feel as though i'm deteriorating from the inside out and no one can help "
no more work! its gonna suck today    kill me now!
yes!!! two days off woohoo!
the guy at long <propfirst>'s silver must really love his job lol
you're the best thing i ever had   a goddess i didn't deserve and now i'm nobody without you   an empty shell with a colorful mask
6 years and the skies are still gray   will the sun ever come out again?
never going to sleep!! lol
hates being home   cant stand this stupid ass place!!
had the best day ever roaming the city with <propmale> sanchez   i miss my <propfemale> again already lol
go to urbandictionary com and type your first name  post this as your status and the results as the first comment   
too early for work!! please let this day go by fast! busy busy please!
work laugh evastating boredom   damn the white powder from the hellish skies for canceling all the flights at my job    so bored!
hoping 2nite will be great!  laugh 
yay!! finally a relax day!! lol
getting use to not sleeping
reading up on the way of the shinto
oatmeal!! yum yum on a rainy day lol dorky!
feeling mellow as hell to the rolling stones    love this song! lol
loves it <propfemale> it rains   it feels like my heart has manifested itself on the sky    its beautiful
its must be national dumbass day at midway airport 2day b c these ppl are more stupid then usual   damn i wish i wasn't here
loving the way ur hair looks in the morning sun
feels wonderful to actually lay down lol
hidden in the hearts of my characters and ignite my soul with their fears and regrets
time 4 bed    3 hours of sleep here i come yay! lol
i just came out 2 my father and it feels wonderful     i feel like im actually able 2 breathe for the first time in years
losing my mind   
ah! no! my phone's about 2 kill itself    y?!      lol
could just kill myself    cant believe this shit
is having the worse week of my life!      no no second worse week of my life    i wish it would just end already  sad 
feeling like such a loser    i wish this week would end already
"there may have been times i hurt you, times you even thought i betrayed but i've never once stop loving you   my heart is fragile so my shield must be strong so i push you away hiding my feelings beneath this translucent skin but i'd give away my last breath to see you happy"
always sees this cute older couple chinese woman and white red-headed man not greatly attractive but still adorable together lol     loving my morning train rides!
hating these stupid computers at school    i miss my <propmale>!
"so bored and tired    maybe i should just blow up the earth! lets see    i just need a few sticks of gum, a lighter, a cigarette, a plastic bag, and a hanger   anyone wanna donate? lol"
stupid conscience! no good whore! lol
seems like the sky is crying wit me    it feels comforting if only just a lil
friends    the worst concept created by emotions
disgusting! just my luck    not even on my shift 4 5mins b4 some lil girl hacks up all over ticket    nasty!
dressing 4 work  on the train again    lol can't wait 4 this day 2 be over
yay! grilled cheese! lol
is really hating having 2 get changed on the train    now i got some strange guy staring at me giving me a thumbs up    wtf! i think i should beat his ass but then ill most likely be late 4 work    guess im not catching a map on the train 2day    damn pervert!
when the scars stop burning    u begin 2 miss her more but eventually she'll be back at ur flesh
i hate this place so much    i wish it would all just end and whither into nothing
"i wish i could dissipate to ash, maybe then i wouldn't feel so much   and people would have reason to forget me"
"had the best time with <propmale> sanchez yesterday in chinatown    hate that i have work today wish i was back there, i miss my <propfemale> already! lol"
i hate prospect   i hope it burns down!
wondering why i ever quit   
"went fishing yesterday with my dad and my bro <propmale> demitro and had an awesome time    the fishies have become smarter, looking at the bait and thinking, \bitch u crazy"," i'm out!\""    so no fishies! lol \"caa3e252f77c0bc74d01ba5d103f0673,suspended on the day i was gonna call off   some funny shit lol
ahhhhhhh!! morning??    okay i guess  sad 
so tired    cant wait to actually get some sleep! i know its lame but    mucho sleepy!!!
falling back into my old bad habits    if it's so wrong why does it feel so wonderful?
"maybe i'll never get over this feeling    but for right now i'm just going to embrace it  so don't try saving me, i don't want your salvation!"
freaking out so not use to this
forget this!  ur dead u fuzz ball!
it just won't die    total suckage
"as long as i play my role and you never see, then you'll never cry and i'll never see your sadness    some secrets are better kept buried far beneath the surface"
dang <propfemale> hogging my pillow    raar! lol
hope everyone knows how to swim cuz we gonna have a great flood    lol jk
 sad     simple
feeling so abandoned    just want 2 lay in bed and stare at the wall all night
feeling so dizzy like the room keeps spinning    
loving the sound of ur voice
ahhh! these ppl are driving me crazy with all their ideas and such   please stop liking me!
wishing this day would end   
guess ill be pulling an all nighter for sure tonight   2 tests tomorrow and no makeups    fml!!!
who would miss me anyway    no one
so burnt out and feeling like a failure    im sick of everyone relying on me and putting so much pressure on me    i just want 2 sink into my dark place and sleep there 4 all eternity
loving the way you feel beneath my fingertips
so sick of this bullshit! fml!
such a beautiful day can't wait til i get out of skool lol  laugh  i'm free! no one can stop me! muah haha    well atleast not until after 12 lol
almost time to leave for work    raar! i hate you prospect!
if i ever end up blind im getting a monkey! yay!
raar! ull never take me alive! muah haha!
ninja assassin!!! beastly ass movie! hell yeah!
i cut u! muah haha!
just too much to handle   
i'm probably the worst person in the world rite now and i know i'll probably regret it later but i just can't stop
loving today   so beautifully awesome 2day lol
feeling sexy and devilish lol  wink 
anybody wanna chill at the beach today?? i'll be downtown at 12 street beach around 2 smile 0 text me lol
so confuzzled rite now!! dont know which way to choose    someone kill me!
"if you love me at all, just be honest with me    it might hurt at first but at least i know i can trust you   that's all i ask, so stop hiding in the shadows with your muddled feelings its driving crazy and i need some sleep already    sheesh!"
work at 5p m     fml wat's the use of hiring more leads when i still have to close    sheesh!
you make me hate u so much    don't worry i won't need ur help anymore   im use 2 being betrayed and alone     ur nothing more than a ripple in this stupid little pond but soon the drought will come and this pond will dry out and everyone shall forget its existence
had a crazy awesome day at the beach with <propfemale> chavez and <propmale> sanchez yesterday!! yay!! sex shark strikes again! you won't get away from me! heehee lol reminded me of the good old days  laugh 
wishing i lived alone maybe then i could have a lazy day with no one calling my name   how i hate the week days
i feel so alive woohoo!!
so badly want my piercings!! anybody know any cheap places?
grr!! back to work i go   no more vacation for me  sad  oh well was fun while it lasted  playful 
work total sucks    3 hours down 5 1 2 more 2 go   
hating my stupid ass job    i should've called off    not only am i missing the pride parade     i feel sick 2 my stomach
well i was having a great day until about 20 minutes ago   
"i miss the feel of your lips, the feel of your body pressed against mine, the way your hair felt between my fingers and now knowing i can't have that anymore makes me want to curl up into a ball and hide"
i'm the worst person in the world    i wish i could just hide because everyone i love i hurt   its my fault we're like this
i don't even have to hide   it's not like u'll notice me anyway
back to my dark place   
chillin wit my fam on the for the fourth    gonna have a good time and try to forget how ur a back stabbing son of a bitch and how i should never trust anyone!
feeling so much better today    guess i'll just have to save that vodka for another day!!  playful 
can't wait to get home and drink    looks like ill be needing that vodka after all
finally the tears have ceased    i can finally sleep peacefully tonight on a dry pillow
time to pull out the grill lol woohoo! bar b que! lol
watching the white sox game with my dad    yay sox! 5-1 so far     couldn't ask for a better day
i hate these stupid thoughts in my head! i think i need professional help    and sleep  playful 
work at 1   ahhhh!!! i wish it was already over!!
totally demented!
keeps getting worse     i don't know what to do anymore    will these scars ever heal?
this day feels like its never goin to end! god i hate this place so bad    i just wish it would burn down lol
finally found someone to have an intellectual conversation with among all the stupid fucks at midway
?????????????????
some of my favorites   gotta love the devil music lol
this day is going by so slow    someone kill me!
love it when you speak in a different language softly in my ear    it's sexy!  laugh 
the scars just mean you were real and i wasn't delusional   
a little vodka makes all things feel better    lol
alesana my new love    headbanging with liquor is awesome!!
"had the best day with <propfirst> beeman! eclipse was a great movie, however i was really disappointed in avatar! avatar sucked <propfemale> firebender balls! then chilled by the set of transformers 3 and almost got into a fight with a crackhead! crazy day, but still fun!  playful "
"i'm a canvas for your beauty, a slave to your passion, a wanderer to your eyes, and an addict to your touch  these are the reasons i just can't seem to leave you"
so drunk at the beach
"i love my friends! had an odd but good day at the beach with <propmale> sanchez, <propfirst> almazan, and <propfemale> villegas    thank you guys for making my day even if i was being a little stupid  i love you guys!"
wish i was back at the beach!  playful 
finally my writer's block has loosened its demonic grip!
literary orgasm! everything i've been missing is now flowing through my veins at full speed ready to burst through the barrier of my flesh! it's simply amazing!
"you can't rely on anyone! no one cares  don't let them fool you, they don't give a shit! you're all alone  i'm all alone! so quit with your lies already! i'll deal with this myself!"
i finally finished all the episodes of avatar!! what am i going to watch now?! i loved it so much  sad  me want more avatar!    but i still hate the movie > playful 
can't wait    beach time at 4!! yay!
"had an awesome time at the beach on wednesday with <propfemale> steward, <propfirst> arts hart, <propfirst> civeta dei woodard, <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>, and andrew \ then had a beastly time sleeping over my cousins' house  totally pimp!! \ and just about to leave for the movies with <propmale> demitro and <propfirst> demitro   god i love these lames!!"
time to get ready for stupid work grr!
had an awesome time with gio and <propfemale>! need more nights like tonight  laugh 
looking for a new job    god i hate this part! lol
"listening to \bittersweet\"" by within temptation    such an amazing stress reliever  smile """
had an awesome time hanging out with <propfirst> today    then sleepover with my love <propfirst> hart
"woke up to a sexy sweet woman in my bed    <propfirst> arts hart looks so cute when she's knocked out, makes me wanna poke her with a stick or something  love you   lol had an awesome night scared about some creepy ass girl from the house 2  stop mocking us! lol"
raar raar raar! too energetic to sleep! grr!
"is so sore  only 3 days left on my vacation, gotta make the best of it! damn you sore legs! lol  playful "
"time to go chill with my cuzs for my cousin, <propfemale>'s 22nd birthday!! woot woot!! we gonna have a beastly time tonight!! wish my thighs were less sore    oh well time to have fun!  playful "
beastly ass night with my cousins    it was so awesome my mind couldn't retain it all  playful 
trying to find myself within the broken pieces you left me in    maybe one day i'll actually be able to define myself more than this
"no sleeping yet    chatting with my best friend <propfirst> on webcam \come home already!!  sad "
im dying! room why won't u stop spinning?
"why, if love is so deep and strong, does the heart break as though it were made of glass? its not fair and now it will never be just, but i know its not your fault  its mine "
that's it for me! have fun at work guys! i'm done with prospect! i'm free! lol
"these nightmares, will they ever end? i can't take this anymore  i'm sorry   "
demons of nostalgia    devour my vulnerable soul   
"if she could only see, she'd cry   "
strawberry panic!!! my newest favorite anime    yay <propfemale>!! lol
"wishing i went to the school in strawberry panic! sexy lesbians everywhere    not one straight!! i wish life was like an anime, preferably this one! life is so unfair!"
"when the night howls, flesh burns and bleeds as you remember only of what was and can never be again"
ready for this day to end!!
mia again! sorry guys im off to e playful lore  laugh  lol anyone wanna join me text me up lol  playful 
i'd give anything even my life for just one more day
i want to hate you but i just can't
hating the sun
"sometimes i wish i could forget everything, but then i'd completely lose myself  it was my fault  it's only regret i'll ever truly possess "
samanthha was herre <propfirst> best cousin evaa mii love <propfemale> muchoo <propfemale>
my <propfemale>'s fur is so soft!!!!! lol
total irritating ass day!! raar!!
"awesome day!!! thai food and hookah with my loves <propfemale> steward and  <propfirst> arts hart! <propfirst> asakura, <propfirst> and i were all kidnapped   and possibly raped, but it was totally worth it  thanks guys!!! needed the night to forget and relax  my friends are the best!! ;p"
wants to go home! back to the same ol' stupid shit   i just wanna blow it up!  sad 
45mins til degrassi!!! lol can't wait!!! last one    crying  lol
can't seem to concentrate and keep forgetting where i am    ahhhh!!! lol
meow!! lol
so tired   
love talking to drunk ppl on the phone! they make me smile  laugh  lol
"just finished watching nbc dateline: how to catch a predator    wtf is wrong with these sick dumb freaks!! 1 worked for nickelodeon, 1 heard a radio and left just to come back like a dumbass    nasty!"
just woke after a 12 hour nap and feel like total shit    i hate being sick!! stupid change of weather!!
i hate being sick!!!! raar!! lol
just finished watching a walk to remember     now i feel all sappy lol  laugh  heehee!
im tired but i cant sleep! what the hell?! lol raar!
quarantined!!! i hate being sick! grr! imma kill this sickness!! *pulls out an ak-74* come here ho!
5 mins til true blood! lol
i love ouran high school host club!!!!!!!!!  wink  lol hikaru & kaoru are my faves!!!  wink 
god i wish i was better so i could escape from my house!!
time to go mimis!! nite nite pplz!  playful 
"gudgudohfyshkcmhhlgjsom\snvxhwo!!!"
i hate comcast cable!
wishing i could go back   
my cough drops taste like <propfemale> canes!!!! ahh!!
these ppl are disgusting!!!!!
i'll never eat hot chips again!!!
ahahahahaha!!!! i love fullmetal alchemist!!! poor puppy in episode 13 almost got shot!!  sad  yet so funny  laugh 
errr    this is the start of a horrible day   
so sleepy    
cactus pear   my most hated fruit every!! don't even taste good!!! lol
kinda hoping someone picks a fight with me while i'm out    i just wanna beat someone's ass!! hmmm  wonder why lol
"if children don't get 8 hours of sleep a night, they emit a chemical that smells like berries and attracts pedophiles!!! omg!"
sick of this stupid shit!!! i wish you would all just disappear! try keeping me in but it wont work! this place is just a place to sleep thanks to you!!
beastly day with <propfemale> steward and <propfirst> asakura filling out applications  all in all great day even if <propmale> almost killed the hippie and me!! scary!! lol but fun!!
just woke up from a nap    weird ass dreams!!! lol
raar! i love you!! maybe    hmmm   yes!!  joyful  lol
god save me! my cuz has me watching <propfirst> booger! lol
starting to sober up    total kill! wish i was still doing shots  sad 
looking for the good shit lol  playful 
guess i'll be going home   wish me luck! just gotta find a job so i won't have to go back!
"why is it so cold?! \(random person: maybe b c ur in shorts and a tank top!)\shut up! its not just me the world's ending! *runs in circles* lol"
god i hate myself rite now!
on the hunt again    wish me luck!  laugh  lol
my brain is about to e playful lode @_@ grr!
really does not want to go to school    god that place is so boring!! lame ass subject!! i want english!!  sad 
"weird ass day! roamed around downtown, got a new book, then drained by vampires!! ahh!! they got <propfemale> tawny-subway colon too!! lol jk but yup still tired can even text anymore my arm hurts    *cry cry * but i was $30 richer in the end \(random guy: so not worth it  !) \(me: *punch in face* how 'bout now ho!) lol jk  laugh "
i like it on the floor
i should have never went back to school
running thru the house screaming b c its fun! lol  x_x
my poor cat is being tortured by my <propfemale>! i walk in to find him dressed in a tutu and a clown hat! wonder if that's considered ani<propfemale>l abuse   hmmm   
let's get into a fight tonite    i'm game! bring it ho!
"if i just take myself out of the game, things will never be awkward and we'll never be hurt by each other    problem is i can't get you out of my head   \where do we go from here? hmmm   "
so exhausted!!! i just wanna take a shower and crash!! yup yup thats what i'll do
feeling so used    these bastards! i'm going to sleep
"so sick of people!! disgusting bastards!! i hate you! if i ever see you, i swear i'll cut you!"
feels like such a screw up! i can't seem to do anything right! i wish i could just crawl under a rock and hide 
if only she was here with me under our tree    just for a day everything would be perfect
i so have to move the fuck out    just need another job!
tired!!! lol goodnight
i don't care if my back hurts i can get enough   i love them  joyful     my books that is! lol
 sad  my mama pimped me out for a free car wash!!! omg! i feel so dirty!!
"for some reason, i want to buy a skirt    hmmm   "
ahh!! i'm turning into a carrot!
meow!!!! meow??? meow!!! meow meow
i wish emotions would just die so i could shut my brain off for a little bit
watching friday the 13th    wtf is wrong with all these stupid females! no wonder they end up dead! so many opportunities to kill than be killed and missed every one! stupid!
"knows when i'm truly sleep deprived   \*noise in living room, like a sigh*\me: *grabs knife and checks*\so sad nothing there to cut   oh well next time!!  joyful "
"ahh!! the vampires got me again!! lol ive been drained again lol but its okay i got money  playful   \(random guy: so lame!!)\me: *staps him in throat* finally found someone to cut!! yay!!  joyful  lol"
happy birthday to the big daddy d!!! i love my daddy!! cuz he's a beast!!  playful 
awake at 6am on a saturday!! injustice!! another busy day!! raar!! lol
finished making chocolate cupcakes!! woohoo!!
already hating today! kill me!!
about to leave for school   raar i'm so tired!! busy busy day!!
on the bus to <propfirst>'s house after beastly nite of hookah and sexy women! oh yeah i love my friends!
just about to take a nap!! see ya in a couple hours
i love <propfirst> lambert!!  joyful 
feels like total shit   
urgh!! another day   
inuyasha!!!! ahhh!! *fangirl scream*  joyful  lol
is cooking dinner!! hopefully i wont burn the house down!! lol
off to <propfirst> arts hart's house!!! woohoo!! lol
beastly night at <propfirst> arts hart's house!! shot here and penis there! woot woot!! ;p
almost ready to leave for american girl orientation  hope all goes well!  joyful 
still getting ready for school!! i'm so tired i just wanna go back to sleep  i havent really slept in the last two days    urgh!
hope that bitch bruises!
&hearts; yaoi!! &hearts; yaoi!! &hearts; yaoi!!! &hearts; lol
my backpack is trying to kill me! thing weighs a ton! kill me now!
time for bed    i love my job but i'm tired    time to go mimis lol night!!
wtf!! i can't believe this shit! the train is taking forever to move and now im gonna be late! i just hate today so much! fuck you train! momentarily my ass!
thank you everyone for all the wonderful and odd birthday wishes!! you guys are so awesome!! love all of you!!
raar!! i need out of this stupid class!!
worst morning ever! i completely destroyed my room! hope today gets better!
"girl, you know you don't like him! come over to the darkside   we got cookies!  joyful "
"for anyone trying to text or call me, my phone is off for i dont know how long so yeah!! facebook's what i got sorry  lol"
when life gives you lemons <propmale> 'em at whoever's closest!! lol
i feel like i can't breathe i wanna tear off my skin!
"cry to the dark and scream at the light, for it is no more than an illusion"
my phone is such a tease!! lol i get incoming calls and texts but if i miss the call i cant call back!! hatred!!
trying to figure out whether i should straighten my hair tomorrow or keep it curly   hmmm   
"time to get ready for work! lol yay! its gonna be a good day, but shhh    dont jinx it!! lol"
work at 12 and i'm completely exhausted! i just wanna go back to sleep!
ahh!! time to get ready for work! so dont wanna go to school today  anybody got anything better going on?? lol
sucidal drinking game!! fun!  sad 
raar! awesome night with the cuzs   this is getting ridiculous i need to get my phone soon lol  sad 
"muah haha!! cant wait til monday!! i get my new phone!!  laugh  \now i is sleepy nite"
i'm so in love with <propfemale> hopkins' book impulse!!!
i find it kind of funny  i find it kind of sad  the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had 
gabe's a super man-whore!! jk    but seriously!!
ahhh!! i cant figure out which story to continue writing    and i need to find the perfect music! someone help! lol
sometimes asking for help is the best thing to do    but why is it so hard to admit you need it?
a man with a crayon on the colorbook of land!!  life is an illusion   
devil may cry 4 is so awesome!! i wish i could play it all day
god! i'm lovin' all these asians!! meow!! lol
they're are some god damn pack rats in this house!!
tonight was so awesome! still totally suck at rockband but it was so much fun to be with my chicas  <propfemale> is crazy though  slapped her own glasses of her face! damn lol love it!
i love hayao miyazaki's howl's moving castle!!! i watched it like 12 times in 3 days!! omg!  joyful 
"these last two nights have been truly beastly ass hell! hookah and rockband with my sexy ladies <propfirst> hart, <propfemale> <propmale> steward, & arelis <propmale> on saturday and drinking with my boys on sunday  mmmmm    gotta love it! lol"
looking for work again!! i miss american girl! waaahhh!  sad 
just about that time to start getting ready! yup yup
"you make a joke about it because it makes it less threatening \ pretty good observation"
yup looks like i'm definitely sick  urgh! i hate the winter 
flaming fishsticks! i love dragonball z! cell must die!
"urgh!! cleaning the house while i'm sick as hell  cant wait to move!!\maybe then when i clean something it'll stay that way!"
raar!! just finished my phone interview for disney! i think it went well! hope  hope  cross your fingers! lol
this snow is insane!! went outside to have a smoke and the snow was halfway up my door! i hate the winter!! we're all gonna die!
shoveling snow is a bitch! so glad its done  some poor woman got stuck in the middle of the street  luckily we helped her out  still smells like burning rubber though  try not to get buried!!
i cant seem to fall asleep! so bored    #_#
looks like i'm finally gonna die! hope everyone has fun today! i'm staying in! bye bye
"just finished watching sungkyunkwan scandal  \love how it ended but i wish there was more   sad  *cry cry*\i love <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale>!! <~~~~favorite character ever!!  wink "
i wish i could just run away from this place that no longer feels like home
i'm such a ramen whore!! lol mmmmmmm   
"so need to get my own place! that story was in my grasp but because everyone kept disturbing my dream, it slipped right past my fingertips  bastards!! it could've been awesome! grrr! \a love story filled with assassins and secrets unknown by everyone, even the host! *cry cry* i wanted to know how it ended   sad "
"i can't help it  i've totally fallen in love in yoo ah in! \he's adorable!  joyful  ahhh! *fangirl scream*"
i love finding discounts! i'm a discount fiend!! lmao
time for sleep    
cant seem to sleep    just one of those days i guess
"such an awesome night!! took <propmale> demitro to see his first rock concert for his birthday!! \escape the fate was amazing but alesana is my favorite! alesana!!!! \moshpit madness!! headbutted in the face, elbowed, and punched   may even end up with a black eye but it was so worth it!! all the bands were amazing!! cant wait for the next concert!!! woohooo!!!"
hopefully i can finish this story tonight!!  joyful 
gonna give up the toad now thanks to lando griffin!! lol
i luvs robot chicken!! <propfirst> <propmale>'s vagina causes death    not surprised  lol
cooties!! the deadliest infection ever that will cause the world to e playful lode    as seen on robot chicken! lol
talking sexy to my salad    god! it was so good!  joyful 
yay!! american girl called me back!! i'm so happy!!
"gonna play some rockband with my babay ashidilee lol \probably gonna be the last time for a long while    next week i start my 7 day work weeks    so sad"
"5 more months!! then no more having to hear about me going out with my friends, or how i sleep all day on my days off, or how i'm just such a bad person no one wants me around and no one will ever want me in the future!!\5 more months! can't wait   "
smoke detector in the cloud
vibrating fruit loops
time to nut up or shut up! lol
i love when i get the <propmale> to gush about <propfemale> hopkins! i love her!
