8c52a18ac069524dd1d10ce0b4d91849
is happy we got payed and now get to enjoy avater with <propmale> tomorow are you ready <propmale>e 
is happy he gets to go to a movie with a good freind
is all ready for dinner to night with <propmale> and <propfemale> i hope they like it 
omg!!!! work is fun and me and my hubby get to go to bilings for a friends wedding in 4 weeks wow congrate katheryan and garett
i am bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is pissed off that his mother boared has to be replaced a 4th time  but is glad he gets to go to billings with friends!!!!!!
is a week away from 21
is tipsy
i can not wait tell my hubbys 21 brithday what to get him for it though is the trick!!!!!
i want a turtle for my happy aquarium
its kyles bday wow hes 21!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is sick and has alot of homework to get done
is stressed
just wrote 1500 word paper in 2 hours wow i suck 
<propfirst> is sick agian!!!! to much to drink last night!!!
just got done writing a paper on how love should not be used in excess!!! using medea and the symposium  omg my teacher need to get layed more
is stressed out over finals next week  why do the teachers have to be such jurks  all final land on monday or thursday
woho 2 finals down 2 to go
ia about to blow up on his goelgolgy class
is trying to get biology homework done after a great night at a dear freinds house  thank you <propfemale> and <propmale> for the wonderful night 
omg biology sucks
wohooo finals are done
oh <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> why do you have to taste so good? i can not stop eating fudge and peannut brital 
its my anaversiry today woho
is bored out of his mined along with <propfirst> what to do for the next 4 weeks
woho made some crab wantons and potstikers for snacks today 
wow i got a my cumalitive gpa to a 2 0 woho i am so happy it proveds that with out world of war craft i can do well in school  now all i have to do is find the game and start playing again  lol
so i put my hands up there playing my song         omg i hate having songs stuck in my head
is pissed off at the unaversity right now its not even funny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got a pice of glass shoved into my foot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has a masive migrain and needs to stop stay up so late  i am getting to old for that 
<propfirst> is actualy up at 9 30 am wow going to bed at 10 must have realy worked
is up and did not get that much sleep lass night cause <propfirst> was having bad dreams and need me  oh i need to sleep for the meeting i have today!!!
found a free books shelf that is about as tall as me lol
omg two days later and our house is cleaned wohooooooo that took way to long 
"wow my head hurts but sims is calling my name <propfirst> play me, lol oh hangovers suck "
woho school starts in a week yes now its time to not be bored 
omg too early to be up
i am not inpresed with obamas speech!!!!!
had the best time tonight with his good friends <propfemale> and <propmale>  and  had (for the first time in his life) chines cork pot seafood at the <propfemale> bowl  the most amzing thing i have ever had  now monday dollar sushi night woho have to not eat lunch to save up for it yum
is so wanting to kill someone right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but what would it accoplish besides jail 
"okay so i got up at 730 thinking that i could just lay in bed and not fall back asleep, did not work woke back up and saw that it was 9 surprise 0 i had class in 10 syh  missed my first class dang it "
omg sushi was great tonight we need to do that more often 
"97% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattinson (<propfirst> cullen from twilight) standing on top of a skyscraper about to jump  if you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn and pulling up a lawn chair while  screaming \do a flip you sparkly retard\"" then copy and paste this on your status!!!!"""
is feeling great
is a still up working on his western civilization paper  hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm why does the enlightenment have to be so boring and lame  lol and i am become a history teacher why  oh yea i love it just not the boring lame things brought on by intellectual movements  lol   oh joy then i have to start a paper on herland and how it demonstrates both feminist and progressive ideas oh boy fun
hmmmmm tired but dont want to go to bed
is glad he has very close friends thank you <propfemale> and garrettwe really appriate it 
really thinks that <propfemale> needs to get a different job insted of causing truble at her work 
is tired of being sick and having ho and cold flashes along with a fever between 100-101 8
is in a good mood today
is tired of doing homwork and wants to go out and walk 
"is up and ready for hell, aka work "
wohooooo its spring break ya time to do absolutly nothing fo rhte next week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is not sure what he should do today
our cat has not learned that when she is on a diet that she can not eat whenever she feels like it 
i am aweak at 900 in the morning on spring break wtf!!!!!!
omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nija assassian was amazing but it was laking in somthing buti would give it a 3 5 stars  the fighting  was spectacular  buti think the plot need more e playful laining 
is very anoyed right now
omfg! my teacher for western civ got he lap top bag stolen out of her car or somthing and it had over 70 students pappers and test we took be fore spring break  now it ou rresponability to make up fo rher stupidy  what the $#%@& i mean be a good <propfemale> and leave that stuff at home 
is not ready to write a 5 <propfemale> paper!!!!!!!!!!
worked for 6 hours today woho finaly making the pay check count 
is done with registration and is takcing chem history american and west and astronomy and itro to psy  wow its not fun trying to get to bs  degress  bs thats what they wrealy mean  lol i made a funny 
is having a good night with his very close friends <propfemale> and <propmale> 
is finaly home from work with a sick husband
is going to the movies today 
the new  clash of the titains was way better then the old one  but i liked the cheese affects in the old one 
is realy ready for bed 
is not ready for the day
omg i found the dog i totaly want to get but am not sure if it is worth 95 <propmale>                    but can you really put a price on happyness
is not really sure if there is anything to do today!!
my boxerpups have <propmale> been adopted but there are new dogs at the anim<propmale> shelter  so if <propmale>l gose well tomorow by the weekend i should hopfuly have a dog 
omg no call last nihgt at all and still no call today yet i am going to campus and talking to the lady to see if i am aproved  this waiting crap does not go well with me 
is very happy that he got approved to have his puppy  now i have to go see <propmale> next week on thursday or fri  then get the puppy  yay i cannot wait 
is very [ossed off right now cause all the dogs he wanted to adopt are gone and npw he has to wait  forver to find a good dog that fits in his appartment and gets alongs with cats  humansicitys here in missoula sucks 
is feeling very happy today
woke up to doggy kisses and barking that it was time to take him out 
is very tired
broke his toe and it hurts realy bad  now i know not to let the dog be loss on his lease when squarls are around 
kyles mother is coming gurd your loins 
3 finals down one to go 
omg school is over and now there is nothing to do
realy hate it when teachers dont stick to the fucking syllabus  the unaversity of montana is a was of time and really needs to loss its acredation  this unaversity only cares about is the money 
i think its time to go to a different college
is ready for the day
is back in missoula  after a very short week in billings         was i realy gone for a week 
is finnaly over being sick for a week!!
wow made 35 bucks today
loves dealing with legal shit 
had agreat time last night  and forgot to call his sister opps call you tonight sis
the tornado that hit billings http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nlgsnn7tprc
omg i am so bored 
had a great 4th 
is so not fleeing well!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got to level 80 in world of war craft omg that took freaking ever  once i got to 80 i partyed  woto that has been my only achevment of summer   sad 
is watching shark week omg its cool 
omg starcraft 2 is <propfemale> fun  but i hate the fact that the only campion you can play is the tarrain i hate them the nukes are cool but i want to know everything that has happen  its depressing that blizzz is makeing this darwn out  but its still a good game  i know understand why they spent 100 million on it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg school starts in five days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what am i to do i know run away!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ya its friday and sis might be up here today or tomorow 
is realy happy and wants to let his sister know that he appriats all that she has done for him  i love you sis
is up and not ready to go to work
is very thankful to his work and hopes they will be okay with out him for today 
omg i just beat halo reach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its a very good game i was amzed at how well it was done  i give the game a a-
omg kyles mom is here             run
thank you for the happy brirth wishes  it was awsome  <propfirst> made me feel so speaicl  he even went in to work for me today  i love him so much 
is not happy that the weekend is almost over
omg i hate best buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
knee is feeling better 
has an online midterm today and the fing timer that is on there wont let me click next question  he <propmale> got a 2 out of 50 on his term ya i fail another pysch 101 class  but this time because to the stupidity of the computer im oh joy
"i am an un-apologetic american!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer do    that for fear of offending someone!!!!!!!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone"
is wondering what he should make for dinner?
omg i am a weak at 630 oh god  this is going to be a long day hello coffe 
omg i am bord
was watching the news last night and could not believe that a motherwas going to jeli because her baby interupeted her facebook time on farmvile  she shook it to death  what the hell  if your that addicted maybe you should get help 
"no matter your race, your sex, your sexual preference    your appearance, your abilities or disabilities, whether you have control over the things happening in your life or dont      live your life to the fullest! be who you are, be the best that you can be  you live life once, this is it!! whether you like it or not,? now is your <propmale> to shine and do something great, so why waste such a beautiful opportunity??"
having the right to choose what we want to do is being able to accept the consequences of our actions   that’s what it means to have true freedom  the thing people have a problem with is that they do not understand to be free is to be able to do what you want when you want 
is tired an dgoing to bed
wooohoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we lost eh cat grizz game in our home town  wiat thats depressing  i hope this shows our team that just because they have lost to use so many time does not mean they will win  i wish i was there to chear my friends on that were in the band  hope you all stayed warm 
"wooohoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we lost eh cat grizz game in our home town  wait, that’s depressing  i hope this shows our team that just because they have lost to use so many times does not mean they will win  i wish i was there to cheer my friends on that were in the band  hope you all stayed warm "
"omg i have two a's so far in this samaster of school two finals are down and 1 to go omg can i get a 4 0 this semseter if i do soemone please kill me, cause this means <propfirst> is actualy paying attention in class "
still wating for final grades ugggggg  how was everyones xmas
wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo  2 a's a c and  a d my term was a 2 7 best so far lol thats bad i am geting better
omg worked  a 14 hour day moving a freind  now i get to do it all tommorow if he gets his place wohoooo (not being sarcastic  i promise)
omg love 99 knights 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg going to drink to night you guys might not see me for a couple of days   smile 
omg i had fun but feel like crap
how can school be 2 weeks away now almost 1?????????????????????
is feeling bad from all the alchol i drank last night  damn why dose it have to taste so good goign down but back up disguisting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
omg why does school have to be so long but seem to be last for ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy that <propfirst> got his learner permit finaly
just got all done with spartcus season 1 can not wait for season two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
