a580988addc66cc8357b9bd01641f53a
"woot! sixteen! thats right, i did have a transformer themed birthday, got a problem?"
that freakin' money is everywere!!!!!!!!!!
"the <propmale> and his men stole the <propfemale> from her bed  and bound her in her bones  the seas be ours, and by the powers, where we will, we'll roam  yo ho, all hands, hoist the colours high, heave ho, theives and beggars, never shall we die! now some have died,"
bwahaha! i have victory over facebook in the battle for changing my profile picture!!!
<propfemale> snapple! its hump day  that means break is a quarter of the way over!  crying 
now its    almost hump day again!
i love owl city! their song vannilla twilight is the best!! yay!!!
"i feel accomplished  i just rearaged my room, did the dishes, and (almost) all my laundry "
"i really wanna watch chicago! mr  cellophane, should i bend my name, mr, cellophane, 'cause you can look right through, me walk right by me, and never even know i'm there!!!"
sniff my eyes hurt   sad 
sigh    i hate homework 
"party like a rock, party like a rockstar! i love rockstar(the energy drink)"
my presents this year have succeeded in intensifying the impatient longing for <propmale> <propmale>'s <propfemale> in wonder land to come out  i've been waiting so long!!!!
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!!! its 2011!!!!!!!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!! i got an owl city cd!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay 'the tip of the iceberg'!!!
school! i missed you!
i made my vary first pie!!!
pasta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"?????? ????? 97% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattison (<propfirst> cullen from twilight) standing on top of a sky scraper, about to jump  if you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \do a flip!!!\"" then copy and paste this as your status """
"bleh     thats about how i feel right now  \-\"""""
"omg i made the cutest hedghog in ceramics!!! its soooo cute!!!  love  man, i want a hedgehog!!"
i would love to put das beste lyrics up right now 'cept i don't remember the  lyrics and i can't exatly pull them out of the song     
"\we are creatures of the undreworld-we cannot afford to love \""~moulin rouge"""
can't wait for burritos tonight!
im home!! >d
yay new haircut! yay no more split ends! yay not hafting to straighten my whole head! yay saying hafting instead of having!
face book won't let me post my joke!!!
tomorrow is going to be an awfull day  i can tell already 
i wanna go back to sleep! d:
kneel (dream within dream we travel) in silence (empires of faith unravel) alone (sealed with our virtues' treasures) kingdoms falling     down (who's hand commands this thunder) in silence (cry as we're torn asunder) alone (unto  what gods do i call?) protect us in our    take me away ~ globus= epic win!
i think the school play was really good  good job guys  *claps*
"there is a virus spreading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you -tube  snopes just confirmed  it is a trojan worm virus called koobface  it will steal info, infest your system and shut it down  do not open the    link  please repost this in your status!!!!!!!!!!!"
blek! yesterday was too hot!
*sigh* today     today     thank god its almost over 
"\ i refuse to take part in an adventure that is metaphysically rooted in the destruction of an abstract and artificial concept like chaos simply because connotatively its less desirable then the equally artificial term 'order '"""
"now think of the worst religion we have in <propfemale>, the mormons  no, i'm just kidding, thats not a religion "
"just to let everyone know, i might be a little wierd for a while  no i'm not okay, but there is nothing any of you can really say or do that will make it better "
\blue skies are depressing oh, how i hate the day light i find eyebrows so sexy and high heels just piss me off like sour cream and dancing i hate swimming can't socialize well it's easy to see that i don't belong this scene is killing me conforming non-conformity it's about as new as new wave and as free as women's jeans it's easy to see \a580988addc66cc8357b9bd01641f53a,omg i can't believe i missed the last two days of school! my poor tea pot might not ever get done!
"'i need your love to hold me up, when its all to much to bare  and when the night falls in around me, i don't think i'll make it through  use youre light to guide me, 'cause all i think about is you '"
"its just one of those days, when you don't wanna wake up, everything is f*cked, everybody sux   all those motherf*ckers that want to step up, i hope you know i pack a chain saw, i'll skin your a$$ raw "
"well if ther's any one out there thats free, i'm feelin' kinda lonly  so feel free to come over  text me for my new adress "
who all is going to be here the 25th? please answer!!!!
"i am the grreat pretender! oh i'll just float away and let the waves keep pulling me in  i'll just <propfemale> out here and watch the world pass over my head, because i'm still believing all of the things you said, yeah, yeah, oh right now i said: i am the great pretender!"
'and now that i'm strong i've figured out how this world turns cold and it breaks through my soul  and i know i'll find deep inside me i can be the one  i will never let you fall (let you fall) i'll stand up with you forever '
"'your life plays out on the shadows of the wall, turn the light on to erase it all  you wonder what its like to not feel worthless  so open all the blinds and all the curtains  no one, no one, don't want to be no one but me   '"
"'and finding answers is forgetting all of the questions we called home  passing the graves of the unknown \as reason clouds my eyes, with splendor fading  illusions of the sunlight, and a reflection of a lie, will keep me waiting \\with love gone, for so long '"
"'i don't give a damn 'bout my bad reputation  i've never been afraid of any deviation  an' i don't really care if you think i'm strange i ain't gonna change  an' i don't give a damn 'bout my bad reputation  oh no, not me  oh no, not me!'"
planning is hard! no one responds!!!
i wonder how usful facebook is against pikachu now that its evolved?
"zhong guo cai= \cosplaying is more e playful ensive then drugs  >_>\""\",a580988addc66cc8357b9bd01641f53a,on an evening such as this it's hard to tell if i exist pack the car and leave this town you'll notice that i'm not around i could hide out under there i just made you say 'underwear' i could leave but i'll just stay all my staff's here anyway 
"i went outside once, the graphics weren't that great  -_-'"
"aa kami-sama onegai futari dake no doriimu taimu kudasai oki ni iri no usachan daite konya mo oyasumi  fuwa fuwa taimu! (fuwa fuwa taimu), fuwa fuwa taimu! (fuwa fuwa taimu), fuwa fuwa taimu! (fuwa fuwa taimu) futoshita shigusa ni kyou mo haato zuki zuki! ~ light and fluffy time by after school tea time!"
hey! i wanna know who's going to pride!!
am i a bad person because whenever i get asked about what i want most in life i'm stuck between being wealthy and finding true love   ?
"'alaba<propfemale>, arkansas, i do love my <propfemale> and <propfemale>    moats and boats and waterfalls, alley-ways and <propfemale>y phone calls    ahh home  let me go home  home is wherever i'm with you  ahh home  let me go h surprise h-ome  home is where i'm alone with you   '-edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros home"
"'<propfirst> elric, as soon as i heard you were in the hospital i dashed right  - <propfirst> <propfirst> armstrong the strong arm alchemist!over!!!'"
"'mr  mustang how meny licks does it take to get the the philosepher's stone center of a homunculus?\mr  mustang: lets find out!'\pfft rotflmfao!!!"
"the little things, \little things they always <propfemale> around, \the little things, \little things they try to break me down, \the little things, \little things they just wont go away, \the littles thing,s \little things made me who i am today"
"'well hold on, hold on  its the choices that you make that pull you so far from the life you want  dont place the blame on everyone  everyone knows i could never give up on you  open up, open up your eyes ' hold on - soletta"
you remind me of the babe  : what babe? : the babe with the power  : what power? : the power of vodoo  : who do? : you do  : do what? : remind me of the babe 
furk! i just lost the game!
im hoooommmmme!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not that anyone noticed i was gone   
'tis official  i'm going to <propmale> for school this year  sorry everyone 
"the truth is   i don't stand a <propmale> its something that you're born into    and i just don't belong    no i don't - i'm just a no class, beat down fool and i will always be that way  i might as well enjoy my life and watch the stars play"
"i try my best to satisfy but all you do is wave me goodbye  i don't know what i'm gonna do but i'm so crazy about you  even if i don't know where to start, even if my love is tearing me apart  i just know that you and me, we were always meant to be"
i found my phone!!! and charger!!!!!
"-what are you doing?\-rollin'the stache man, rollin' the stache   "
o m g  thats all i can say about the best concert i've ever been to!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=k1bfhytzlau&feature=av2e
\maybe there's a god above," and all i ever learned form love was how to shoot at someone who outdrew ya  it's not a cry you can hear at night  i'ts not somebody who's seen the light  it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah!\""\"a580988addc66cc8357b9bd01641f53a,i'm going to kill the neiboors loud ass fucking dog!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! d<
"so holy shit, i start school tomorow, in a building i've been to three times, and i have no idea where any of my classes are! fucking schedule doesn't have any room <propfirst> or anything!"
my brain is punching itself right now 
i love decora almost as much as i like ewan mcgregor 
wow i post a shit ton of links up here don't i  nobody even watches them    cept me    after i post them    oh god im a dork!!!!! d=
"insperation strikes like lightning, anytime, anywhere "
nuclear families lead to the 'hills have eyes ' that is just the way is is 
"blarg!!!! i don't wanna do anything but to sleep, write, and jam to savage garden "
"'lie to me, convince me that i've been sick forever  and all of this, will make sense when i get better  but i know the difference, between myself and my reflection  i just can't help but to wonder, which of us do you love '"
"hold up guys, i need me some screaming yellow zinggers!"
what the hell! i just let my computer do its update shit and you know what? it uninstalled adobe flash  what? really computer?
'his tunes are too righteous! the helmets can't take this leval of rock'nroll!'
                i just peed my pants a little                wow
i just lost the game 
"apparently i <propfirst> a perfect boob tattoo         wow  <propfemale> wants it, almost like she wants <propmale> rickman  lol"
i'm a scatman!
fall break! i miss you!
* * kuroshitsuji musical!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! omg!!! im so on cloud nine! ~ love 
it ends  omg it finally ended!!!!!!!!!!!! after god knows how meny episodes of bullshit and too meny episodes of angst! inuyasha finally ended! its been like seven years!
hehehe      mooo   
"ah, seabass-cha! ~ love  my lil lamb thats greedy like a wolf!  love "
"today    was really good  i mean nothing amazing happened, but nothing bad happened  it was the perfect day "
"put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wishfor 2010 is people will understand that being gay is not a disease or achoice people who are gay are not looking for a cure, but acceptance and equalrights  93% wont copy this  will you make it your status for       at    least an               hour?"
ooga ooga oaga chaka ooga ooga ooga chaka!
"for anyone out there thinking or planning suicide, don't do it! someone will miss you, people will notice, and who knows who you could have met, now you won't get the <propmale> to be loved, and love in return "
hi! my name is- wha? my name is- who? my name is- chika chika darth vader!
someone once said my head is too big for my body and i said 'compared to what?'
"'don't say its been awhile, and don't flash that stupid smile! don't aaaaask me, don't aaaaask me, don't aaaask  me, ask me, ask me how i've been!' ok-go ~ don't ask me "
    67 cupcakes    omg! i went cupcake crazy!!!
"*gasp* omg! pancakes, they almost got me! in the end i beat them with the power of love!"
"its not the side of the bed that effects my mood, its the waking up part   annoyed "
my lamb thats greedy like a wolf~ love 
omg! today was <propfemale> much fucking fun! i can't wait to do it again tomorrow!
"hehehe, 69! dexion ftw!!!! god im such a fangirl "
"\thank god - those <propmale> franklins were cloging up my heart and now i perish hapily freed from that which kept me from my liberty\"" ~america by <propfirst> hoagland"""
omg soooo beautiful!!! i love <propfemale> by the goo goo dolls 
"with two sides to every whole heart and more than can be seen or known\all anyone can hope for is a <propmale> to hold on through the storm "
"we'll use the trees as tourches   fill the streets with corpses   we'll watch the city fuckin' bleed   and bring the world to its knees, do you wanna burn it with me?"
you know your a narutard when the phrase 'burger hokage' makes you giggle and click the link  - -'
new phone with interwebz!!!!!
"you there, become one with mother russia!"
run quick the demon pubes are coming!!!!!!
asap: act swiftly awesome pacaderm 
"omg, i'm so freakin board, and a little depressed "
"no <propmale>, don't eat the flower "
"everytime someone says 'im drinking <propmale> gray ' i can't help but think they're insinuating something  thanks kuro, thanks"
hey guys imma punch out all my teeth and get rainbow denchers!
<propfemale> trek movie!!!!
"if you eliminate the impossible whatever is left, however unlikely, must be the truth "
the bad idea bears have your best intrest in mind 
"-whats she doing?\-shes being crazy, <propfemale>, that's what people do in this show, they be crazy "
"ewww, razor baby is attaking my insides  ×•×"
gaius you crazy ass mother fraker 
"ok guys, we have to go beat up entertainmart and walmart "
"i have boobs of steel, betches!"
i totally just slept for eight hours straight  wtf!!!!!!!!!!
after watching 'requiem for a dream' i decided i want to move to canada 
"oh theese times are hard, but don't give up on me baby "
i for immature 
i really hate having to go outside in between all my classes 
"my seven year old brother just said he has indistructable balls  yes, those kind of balls "
fun shinanigans at the mall!!!!
cookies!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and dildoice cream too!!!
apple pie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i love writing three letter words with slight dislexia, like adn and cna (and, can)"
"gently, gently  watson be gentle with me "
"reason cannot create, it can only e playful lain "
"lol, meet the spartens "
"yay, my hair got cut finally!"
why are you wearing that stupid man suit 
"-we musent kill them lest they think they're important!\-oh yes, very important!! and unique!!!!!"
"what  the  fuck  vista, you douch!!!!!!!! i hate you right now! you too sandcreek!!!!!!!"
god dammit!!!!!!! why do i always ruin things!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
set off in a general… that way direction 
"i like it, simple, easy to remember "
i love those moments  i love to wave as they go by 
i almost made it through the first 15-20 minutes of up without crying  almost 
"to take a <propmale> is to invite pain into your heart, but to let is slip away is to tie pain up and chain him to your heart "
alright im starting to ged pissed  do have the black plegue or something?
"yesterday is already a dream and tomorrow is only a vision, but today well-lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope "
i can now officially recite every line of the intro to kingdom hearts two with correct voice fluctuations and all (the roxas part)
i just kicked that doors ass 
now that's just plain rude 
"-i could stick you, if that would help  -it might actually, thank you "
"you were much more… muchier, you've lost your muchness "
my windows are melting on me 
snow day? tea party!!!!!!!
"yes the world woud be depressing, over death id be upsessing, and this corpse that im undressing would be sexier im guessing, with my diet id get scurvy, and id worship <propfirst> murphy, if i only were a goth "
"alright, put up some sketch book images  might take some pictures of my actual pieces, if anyone wants to see "
"after that day, everything was wrong because it was right "
