ff3a0fdbafe60a29d956173c8a9865f7
hates that i have to now sneak on facebook  sad 
am dreaming of neon zebras         !!!
babysitting bratty cousins and trying to summer school stuff done  sad 
just spent 6 hrs on the computer   feels like my eyes have been attacked by rabid hamsters  but forget my pain  welcome to the world aiden <propmale> mcgowan!! i've waited 9 months to see you!!
just saw <propmale> burtons <propfemale> in wonderland preview!! its amazing! cant wait till march!!
g'night peoples!!
is about to make chimichungas!! mexican food is the best!
is going to a family reunion today! then out to dinner with a friend 
is upset b c i put in a red shirt with my white clothes so no everything is pink :[ but my fav movie tenacious d is on so it makes me little happier 
is watching bleach   dont know why though   
g'night
is going to <propfemale>'s house to chill by the pool 
<propfemale> is helping me with math over the phone! anyone know how to divide polynomials by binomials?!
"alert!!!! * do not request to add: '<propfemale> colac' and '<propmale> spitzner'  these are hackers  so tell all on your wall  if someone adds them they earn your contacts, empty computer and addresses  so copy and paste this text on your wall * facebook viru"
i have 11 friend requests!! wow im popular these days!
browsing the net looking at things i cant afford 
"is watching <propmale>s world  party on <propmale>, party on <propmale>!"
just watched this kid try and smoke nutmeg and oregano  can you spell dumbass?
chatting with random people on 321 teen chat  call me!
"warning!: never hold in your farts, cause it could back up and go to your heart and you'll have a fart attack  then when you burp, it will smell like shit  just decided to put it out there "
damn computer! keeps aborting facebook!
"warning!: never hold in your farts, cause it could back up and go to your heart and you'll have a fart attack  then when you burp, it will smell like shit  just decided to put it out there "
"warning!: never hold in your farts, cause it could back up and go to your heart and you'll have a fart attack  then when you burp, it will smell like shit  just decided to put it out there"
"allow me to soothe your pains, with my magic white elixir! you haven't seen anything this sexy  sunday, sunday sunday!!!!  <propfirst>, the beast! xenu, the brilliant! and disco, the outdated!  sounds damn badass "
"you wish, mine is the size or dozens of planets, and counting!  she's sometimes called <propfirst> the huge, or humungo"
is watching teen choice awards
is about to take the post test and then the final exam tomorrow!! woot!
just finished summer school!!! not that much of a break but i will make what i can of it 
psychotic robo baby stopped crying 
is talking to josi on msn messenger! add me: xx sinisterxx@live com
is watching the real world cancun(i miss u <propfirst>!) and the five lives of criss angel 
just found out i got to get my second round of shots today  :[
needs really cool random funny nicknames  so comment please!
bad news: got two shots today and two more in december good news: passed to sophmore year!!! it was hard but i did it 
is watching <propfirst> on youtube 
is really bored and nothing is on tv  go figure 
have a busy day tomorrow  ortho appointmen and a dentist appt  all the while the orientation 
just got my retainer today  is lisp lisping away 
is working on journalism homework  cant wait till we debate about freedom of speech!
burn like an animal!!!
is having a little shindig at my house for my mom's b-day!
physical pain heals  verbal pain stays and eats at your soul  it will pop up in your mind at unsuspecting times 
"my wrist is a <propfemale> silk scarf  with one gentle pull on one loose string,  little by little i fall apart   i unravel and fall in an unwanted heap to the floor   still your laughter and voice won't fade  and i paint watercolour roses on my wrist   i'll just lie here, waiting  for a wind to blow all this unwanted string away "
is watching secret life of the american teenager season finale!!!
is happy that <propfirst> finally stood up for herself  and that <propmale> is being honest and acting like a father to his son  he really should get a hand clap for that  plus he looks so cute when hes mad!
"just because you caught me, does it make it a sin?"
"for you, a a fire blazes in my heart  so strong that the embers alone could bring a thousand hot tubs to a boil  so intense that it causes snowmen everywhere to despair  let the bonfire of my love wrap you in its warmth  only your kiss could quench the flames that so consume me  to you i pledge my love, my <propfemale>, my life "
<propfirst> stamos   sweet jesus have mercy!
my sister emailed me the scariest thing  i almost peed myself   sad 
i am windextor! i will clean your soul!!
is watching <propmale> cook on youtube  lmfao!
is about to go see family in laurens
just got back from seeing my granddaddy  he's worser than i thought he was  i literally had to leave the room   sad 
is about to watch melrose place!!!
nothing like a confontation with assholes to make you feel better about your life 
is watching someone get a subdermal implant on youtube  i want a <propfemale> one!
me and miryam might go downtown in about an hour to see the pedestrians play hopefully!
i am <propfemale> full i feel like i'm about to throw up! :[
really doesn't want to do spanish homework 
is about to study for a big bioligy test tomorrow  :[
is about to study for a journalism test tomorrow   i completely don't get the libel law  :[
is watching the last episode of secret life on abcfamily com 
"two things i learned from secret life: 1  i will never,ever, want to see <propmale> cry again  2  baby <propmale> might not be <propfirst>'s son   anne's been with more than two people   wow they're family is really messed up "
is reading <propmale> cook's tweets and they are hilarious!
the future is wide open  what a slut 
we are not who you think we are! we are <propfemale>! <propfemale>!
flash drive nor printer is working for some reason   how the crap am i supposed to print off my work?! @$%@!
just got home  fucking bus was late as hell  uhhh   now i got to go back to the school for a key club meeting   annoyed 
haha   marilyn manson has swine flu 
throat hurts badly  gotta do homework  :[
just read something disturbing   i think i just threw up a little 
freakiest thing ever  i just got a friend request from myself   instead it wasn't me  creeepy!
voice keeps going in and out  oh yeah! <propfemale> evans messaged me telling me she sent a friend request to  the wrong person  yay! no creepy rapist person coming after me!!!
"if you have mrs fisher, on our spy paper, can we do bullets or does it have to be essay style? needs to know!!"
grrr   spy paper is very hard to write  why do i have to spy on africa? of all places that isn't fun to spy on 
good night yall! i'm freaking tired  smile 
just read something very desturbing   thinking about going to a corner and cry  not even <propmale> cooks' funny tweets will make me happy    well maybe 
just made orange chicken with mi madre!!! its really spicey!
i can't believe its been two years since i had a snicker!!! ummm   yummy!!!
"is playing around on the gorillaz website, which is pretty cool actually "
chatting with jbigga when im supposed to be studying 
¤ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ø„¸hardstyle? 4 life¸„ø¤º°¨ ¸„ø¤º°¨º°ººunited statesºº°º¨°º¤ø¸„ º¤ø º¤ø º¤ø º¤ø º¤ø º¤ø¤º
just finished journalism project! who knew it could be (kinda) illegal to burn cds?
freakiest thing ever!!! made my skin crawl!!! ewww!!
is pissed 
i love free downloads!!!
"stick that in your juicebox and suck it!!! i hate, i hate you bitch! fuck you! fuck you!- <propfemale> <propfemale> curve"
homecoming was really fun last night  now i got a headache 
<propfemale> <propfemale> curve  smile  is amazing!!!
helping my mom spray paint 
about to sleep with the rainbows
retards attempting poetry   guess what that spells
"it's easy for conniving bitches to speak of heaven, but if you believe them, the blame is? solely yours i'm afraid "
"i smell sex and <propfemale>, here   "
"everytime my spleen hits the banana, i start tossing and sniffing "
 indecision ]
"i ain't happy  i'm feeling glad  i got sunshine in a bag  i'm useless, but not for long  the future is coming on "
"break! away from everybody  break! away from everything  if you can't stand the way this place is, take! yourself to higher places "
is about go out for lunch and then go see paranormal activity 
"trees are tall, and when you fall? from tall, you go quiet forever "
i feel loopy for some reason ?
"i'm too sexy for my hat, too sexy for my hat, what do you think about that?"
is eating pizza   smile 
is putting songs on dijonis ipod
why the fuck won't the damn ipod connect to the computer??
tried and tried again  ipod still won't sync to computer  any help is needed!!!!
hanging with the fam 
"there are alot of things people take for granted that i don't have  like the same(only) two things i ask for for the last five years, and i still don't have them yet  :["
"???u? ?luo no? ?? ?no? s? u? ????l?q ll??s ? ?u??? ?luo ??? ??? u? ?????q ?no? ??????q ????l o? ???q ?? ?u??q '????uo? u?o?p ? ?? ???s ??? ???l u?n? pu? sso? ? '?? o? ?x?u no? ?no???? d??ls ?,u?? ? pu? '30:4 s??"
gahh!!! stuff keeps dripping on my pants!!
don't go see the fourth kind!!! it sucks!
bad day
is listening to m i a  cd is amazing 
i have the most freaking worst luck ever! omg!
just finished mrs smiths' photosynthesis song!!! it is beast!
"new <propfemale> was better than i thought it would be, since twilight sucked so badly "
"and i forget just why i taste  oh yeah, it makes me smile  i found it hard, it's hard to find  oh well, whatever, nevermind"
happy thanisgiving!!!!
is at my grandma's house  only fun i'm having is shopping 
"weird, i wish i was in school right now"
still can't get it out of my head!!
is eating chinese  thanks mommy! now i don't have to cook!  smile 
i <propfemale> want to play ding <propfirst> ditch!!
needs help!!! asap!!
<propfemale> tired  can't go to sleep for some reason 
my sister is home!!! she totally surprised us!!  love  love 
"i feel so happy and good right now  but idk why  maybe something tmw something will happen to make my day good no, stupendous   smile "
"today was a good day, but sadly not stupendous "
am i the only person who hates farmville??
is working on mr watkins project 
watching ultimate fighter!
"it seems like when christmas is right around the corner, everything slows down to make it take longer to come   sad "
is making christmas cookies! yummy!
knocked up-kings of leon=best song ever
 sad   sad   sad   sad  now i feel really sad
putting songs on my new ipod  smile 
i'll give you bonafied lovin'! oh o oh o! the type that makes me feel old! -chromeo
uhhh i haven't slept for like the past two days  sad  needs sleep badly!
sooo tired finally fell asleep at 5 smile 0 this morning  sad 
just found a new favorite song!!! earthquake-family force 5!! now about to watch real world d c 
is watching the hangover  it is about to be one of my favorites 
lavender!! ??
is about to watch the breakfast club!
about to see youth in revolt!!!  smile 
"\i am about to attack you     sexually\"" --> favorite quote ever!!!!"""
it's morphin time!!!
snowww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
feels like drifting away from everybody   
is about to head to the mall 
wouldn't it be great if we could go to school at 10 smile 0 everyday and only have 15 minute classes?
18 days to my bday!!!!
16 days till my bday!!!!
"just got done doing mrs rays retarded homework, now i'm bored "
"is now in atl, because atl is where to be!!!"
"crush a bit little bit roll it up take a hitfeelin lit feelin light 2 am summer nighti dont care hand on the wheel drivin drunk im doin my thingrollin the midwest side and out livin my life getting out dreamspeople told me slow my road im screaming out fuck thatimma do just what i want lookin ahead no turnin backif i fall if i die know i lived it to the fullest,if i fall if i die know i lived and missed some bullets "
"you know what they say, once you kill a cow you got to make a hamburger "
yesterday was <propfemale> beautiful    now today is like bleh bleh bleh
is  feeling goooood!!!  laugh 
hopes to go to <propfemale> beach next week  now bout to go and chill with the fam somewhere  text it 864 905-0164
finally convinced the fam to go to <propfemale> beach!! even though it's going to be raining  also wonders how i got a runny nose and a sore throat  i was feeling perfectly fine yesterday!
"me and the fam is in charleston  about to grab something to eat, maybe go to the beach, and then a ghost tour later "
"who texts someone at 4 in the morning?? whoever you are don't do it again, or else   "
"you're only as tall as your heart will let you be  and you're only as small, as the world will make you seem  and when the going gets rough, and you feel like you will fall  just look on the brightside, your roughly six feet tall  -on the brightside by nevershoutnever"
about to practice shuffling  smile 
"this school year has flew by sooo fast, but why does the last weeks of school have to take sooo long to go by? uhhh summer hurry up and get here!!!"
"i'm fresh i'm fly, i'm so damn high, more than 500 horses when i roll by, i'm calm i'm cool, everything brand new, i dont hand cuff you can get the whole damn crew"
"why can't we just get out of school with out testing? i mean really, is that too much to ask for?"
"how do u tx me non stop for like two weeks and then randomly won't tx back? fyi ur breaking my heart, i thought we were really getting close"
we were fated to pretend
summer    finally! no more school!! going to be chilling with my bff <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale>! love u girl!
"im going to miss u, my rocker <propfemale> pie  sad "
"about to get some real southern country cooking, never been <propfemale> happy to eat  smile "
is currently without cell phone and ipod  sad  i think im going to die
"my day consisted of: waking up, bored, eatting, bored, watching tv, bored, reading, bored, i really need something to do!!!!!!"
"is not in a very good mood  i really feel like beating somebody, no lie\finds it funny how somebody want u to do something that takes hours on the computer to do, and when u ask them to do one simple easy task like telling them a number they gotta all shady and sketchy  i hate those ppl and <propfemale> is going to get u <propfemale> bad, unless i get there first "
"cause you and your heart shouldn't feel so far apart, you can't choose what you take, why you gotta break and make feel so hard"
"about to run on the treadmill for the next 2 to 4 hours, yeah that bored"
"oh damn, can't stop them foes, standing in the way always stepping on my toes, stealing my style even wearing my clothes, fuck all them haters, fuck all them hos"
"is <propfemale> bored, watching videos on youtube, idk what the plans are for the rest of the day"
do u wanna have a slumber party in my basement???     
word to ya mother
u guys should vote for the teen choice awards 2010!! and if u do can u vote for <propfirst> lambert for best male artist and mgmt for best rock band? thx a bunch!!  smile 
"has decided to take up meditating twice a day for 15 minutes, to help calm the mind and be with oneself, starting tomorrow  smile "
"dang, the website that i used to watch movies online got shut down by the government, wtf"
might swing by <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> house to say happy bday to dijoni then heading downtown to watch fireworks  smile 
<propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> i am the reason  wink 
bout to go see the last air bender with the rents and hopefully out to dinner later  smile 
"some things can never go unseen, really trying hard not to puke, i swear i am never eating again  sad (("
"super long day starting with getting up at 6 a m  and watching a really cool 7 year old for 5 hours, played with her pet chinchila, went to lunch with my grandma and aunt, went to barnes and <propmale> for about 1 hour and went to the mall and spent all the money i made in under a hour, i think i have a shopping problem"
booorrrreeedddd  sad 
"ur a douche and i hate u, idk what i ever saw in u, cause ur a low life, but whatever idc about u anymore, call me the only answer u'll get is my voicemail, text me and u'll get no reply, have a great life, cause what u said to me was uncalled for"
"if u could die from boredom, i think i would have died the week after school let out"
"at the apple store in the mall on the ipad, i want one soooo bad!"
loves all my family and friends  love   smile 
"a bottle, tin foil, tape, a broken pen, and a knife is all u need to have fun  smile "
carowinds tomorrow  smile  the only highlight of my summer
"booo didnt go to carowinds as planned cause it was too freaking hot, but had fun with the fam anyways  smile "
i am <propfemale> proud to say i am a martian
"trying to see if i can get $100 in the next day or two to get something i want and will love forever  love  and what to do when its raining? bake muffins, cause imma bout to  smile "
grrrrr i need $100 now and i cant work til next week!!! does anybody (or know anybody) that has any odd jobs that need to be done and is willing to pay?
"home alone, about to crank the music up and clean"
watching the pirates of the carribean marathon with my mama and my grandma  smile 
if we were unicorns we would fly together  like in a pack  a pack of flying unicorns 
"worked out extra hard, now super tired, wash dishes, shower, then bed, night  smile "
"loves how i go to the school that i have been trying to avoid to get my schedule changed and gets told by the counselor that she gives me \zero hope\"" for it getting changed and to come back on the first day of school to try  umm the reason im here now to change it before school is so that i dont have to go to that class  now hates the 11th grade counselor"""
"getting up at 6 in the morining to work all day, not looking forward to it at all, but atleast im getting paid  smile  bout to wash dishes, then the bed"
"pretty good day today, went to the mall got some new pants and some new lotion from <propfemale>'s secret, then joy of tokyo for lunch with my mama, my treat  smile "
is pretty disappointed right now );
is pretty disappointed right now  sad 
"got a secret, can you keep it? swear this one you'll save  better lock it, in your pocket, taking this one to the grave  if i show you then i know you, won't tell what i said  cause two can keep a secret, if two of them are dead "
"went to belk's today to get some jeans for school, and in the whole entire store of belks could i find two pair of 9 long jeans  whoever wishes they were taller needs to know being tall is overrated, can't ever find jeans pants long enough"
"new word, braingasm, think about it"
can't believe school is already starting
"hates my schedule: smith(eath science), batson(pychology), littman(spanish 3), porter(geometry), sherrill(yearbook, changing), wiggins(english 3), foster(us history)"
aaliyah mcgowan happy 14th birthday little cuz!!!! hope u have fuuunn!!!!
"jet black <propfemale> hair, people stare i don't care  wanna taste? sure i'll share  got me big i'll take you there  glammed up, fabulous  looking hot, dangerous  so vicious, delicious  i got you fuckin like its fitness"
does anybody know where i can get a female yorkie puppy for under $500? this will greatly help alot
"just got back from my grandma's house, we had a family dinner which was like a thanksgiving meal, sooo full, thinking about taking a nap but i want to go to sleep tonight  not looking foward to school  hope im ot the only one looking at the clock at 12 thinking i should be waking up right now"
omg i just changed my language settings on fb to pirate!!! its sooo freaking cool
wow actually decided to read the reading that was given by mrs  <propmale> and i can't read anything cause someone took it upon themselves to write in chinese or japanese or something asian all over the pages wtf
"new favorite teacher and class: coach batson, pyschology  least favorite teacher and class: ms  <propmale>, us history  she is officially an enemy"
am i the only one who only has homework for ms  <propmale> that takes for ever in a day just to finish?
"three more questions, just three more till done with <propmale>'s work, thank god!!!! brain, <propfemale> tired"
"ok so walk past the back door, my dad opens it from the outside and in comes a random chihuahua and i scream cause im thinking i got a puppy but noooo it was the people across  the streets dog who ran out the door when they opened it  <propfemale> just e playful erienced yet another emotional rollercoaster, and  now im emotionally tired  sad "
only a few select people who actually make me look forward to the day
"<propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale>  charleston, cancun, california, colorado, and back home  smile  can  not  wait  especially for colorado"
"got a daily booth, and idk why just got bored and created one"
"you think i'm pretty, without any makeup on  you think i'm funny, even when i tell the punchline wrong  i know you get me, so i let my walls come down "
"went to the mall with the fam, while there picked up a dress that will double as a homecoming dress to wear to a wedding  can't wait to wear it!!!  smile "
"wow in a matter of 5 minutes i go from happy, looking at hot dudes on the internet, to a very dark and maybe a murderous mood that may last until tomorrow or further than that"
yet another week i am going to miss all my tv shows thanks to ms  <propmale>'s seemingly endless homework  indecision 
"taking a break from homework to eat dinner, read a book, and listen to mgmt  all at the same time  smile "
"had my after school chill time now, bout to get cracking on the books"
"actually had a pretty good day  smile  looking for a job, does anybody know who's hiring?"
"had a good day  smile  had a <propmale> to go to the game, but decided to study for <propmale>'s test damn, i'm growing up and being responsible "
thank you (insert name here) for making my day everyday  smile 
"went to a wedding today  smile  had fun, danced alot  but idk how these girls be going clubbing in heels, cause my feet are killing me  learned that the heels i got today are sit down shoes, not dance ur ass off shoes "
is shocked beyond belief    
why are sundays sooo boring?
about to head out to walmart  smile 
omfg today was the most embarrassing day of my life  it will never be mentioned ever again  sad 
"about to go to bed, nighty night  smile "
"i thought <propmale> year was supposed to be fun, not hard as hell "
<propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> happy 5 year friendaversary!!!!! ily bestest bestest friend in the world  smile )))  love 
"study, study, study, 3 tests tomorrow, thank god its going to be friday!!!"
"is in a nice, calm, peaceful, euphoric state of mind, thanks to the best band in the world  smile "
had a good day today  smile 
"the competition is on  there's no doubt in my mind that i will not win, because i will  you might as well give up now so you won't face the embarrassment of losing later "
"day was pretty good till the end of 3rd period because somebody decided to act like a bitch and read something hurtful off of his project that made me feel all hurt and junk for like an hour  wtf ever, i dont  like u right now"
about to watch jumper with my mommy on fx  smile 
"just finished the homework, now about to chill"
vampire diaries with my mama  smile 
"thinking about taking a nap, kinda tired and bored"
"about to roll out in a few to go see one of the best movie series ever, resident evil  smile  peace out"
"about to go to bed, church in the morning  peace out facebook  smile "
"if i'm alone, i'm bored  if i'm alone with a friend over, i'm still bored, but it's less boring"
"<propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> cd trip= cancun, california, charleston, colorado, drinking, drugs and lastly <propmale>  smile  can't wait till we graduate  smile ))) love u sooo much"
a is for awesome  wanna see that movie!!!
"my suspicions have now been confirmed, and i am creeped out"
"day seemed like it took forever to end, now about to take a nap  smile "
"pissed and dissapointed, mostly because i knew u could do better, in everything"
is chilling
"the things i hate most in the world are liars and hypocrites, best stay away, you'll prolly get hit"
"<propfemale> my mommy thinks i'm about to go through a growth spurt cause my legs been hurting for the past month and i don't do nothing physical besides walking  i can't possibly get taller, i'm like 5'8, i'll be a damn giant then"
"hungry, about to do a scavenger hunt in the kitchen to find something i want to eat, then off to bed, night  smile "
"daddy just brought home zaxby's, i love him <propfemale> much right now  smile "
"bout to take a nap, later gonna do something"
"don't u just hate when ur parents give u a option if u want to go with them or not and then make u go with them anyway even if u said no? well that just happened to me, and i'm pissed "
"had fun today, super busy tomorrow"
is feeling so fly like a g6  smile 
"since i decided to go to the mall right after school, i am now trying to do <propmale>'s hw  not doing that plan again, like ever"
?+  love =  smile 
"just got back from getting my hair done, now about to chill and watch supernatural with my mommy  smile "
"watching glee, who knew <propfirst> sexy stamos was on it? too funny"
"had fun at homecoming, is amped up still, wish i had a party to, but o well, prolly about to go bed btw saw somebody named <propfemale> <propfemale> ruiz whom i haven't seen in a hot minute, night facebook  smile "
"wow my daddy just bought a new tv, why u ask, because he was bored  i swear, guys are retarded"
goes bananas like a room full of apes  smile 
<propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> why are all the hot guys gay??  sad 
does anybody know where i can get a tutu? would help alot!
i like it on the couch  smile 
"i hate when u go to youtube one thing, and end up on youtube looking at other videos thats not even related to the first video you watched"
"study, study, study, and then sleep, sleep, sleep  tired of school"
"damn u facebook, i am supposed to be writing a paper and studying for two tests!! stop distracting me!!"
"4 day break is a tease, making it feel like its summer  its like giving a child a giant lollipop and taking it away "
it takes one ignorant person to make one ignorant comment to piss you off and ruin your night 
"going to the dmv later, right now about to blast some music and clean  smile "
"wants to do something, but doesn't know what"
i wish i had doras parents  they let that bitch go everywhere  <--hahaha funniest like i've ever seen
i just got a new puppy  smile ))))))
named new puppy marley  smile )) gonna die from all of the cuteness  smile ))
about to go over my grandma's house  i love my grandma  smile 
grrr i hate it when u check ur notifications like a bizillion times and that little red bubble won't go away!!! it's been like that for two freaking days!
"ok <propfemale>o if u feel like ur about to harmed or uneasy, it's me giving u the evil eye from my house  <propfemale> jelly right now"
i hate people who bitch and cry just to hear themselves talk  baaaddd daaayyy
"omfg just e playful erienced the cutest thing!! picked puppy up, held her like a baby for 2 seconds and she falls asleep like that  smile  about to go to bed, night  smile ))"
"party like its yo birthday, do it everyday, shake it like a earthquake      "
dtf
tomorrow is gonna be toooo much fun  smile  niiggghhtt
"had too much fun tonight with <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> house  had too much fun with <propmale> garcia, amethyst rolon, december mccraney  <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> got it in with <propfirst> augusto garcia cardenas, great way to end the night!"
"has procrastinated long enough, time to get to work!!  sad "
is flyer than a frisbee
"hahaha just realized that on every episode of spongebob that there's that one fish who always yells \my leg!\"" his name is <propfirst> the fish and yes i googled it"""
another crappy school day
trying to get all the homework done before 8 so i can watch glee!
would love to meet a sagittarius guy!
"every saturday, a different house, tons of fun  smile "
is chilling
"dead tired, night  smile "
"spent most of the day sleeping, about to eat dinner with my mommy and grandma  love "
"cleaning, then going to my lil cousin <propfirst>'s bday party  smile  happy birthday <propmale>!!"
mall with my daddy later  smile 
"shopping is my drug, and i just got my fix"
"about to go to sleep, i do not want to go to school tomorrow  sad "
about to go to petco to get marley a cute sweater  smile 
is sipping on sunshine
"idk how im going to fit in doing a paper, a billion notecards, a scrapbook for psych, and shopping this weekend  sad "
"why do parents gotta wait till ur almost a legal adult to treat u like a child? i cant wait till graduation so i can be in my only favorite place in sc, charleston  love "
"finishing up scrapbook for batson, almost done!!!"
"hey yall trying out that <propfemale> chat thingie, if u wanna chat just u know click on the link i guess http annoyed  <propfemale>chat com teenclub"
hey yall playing around with the <propfemale> chat thingie and so far its pretty cool  http annoyed  <propfemale>chat com brittney
at applebees after lunch gonna go to the mall and shop  smile  can't wait
soooo in the entire 3 years that i khave been going to riverside i have never drunk out of their water fountains till wednesday b c my mouth was dryer than the sahara dessert  woke up friday morning sick  sad 
studio 54 tonight!! gonna have funnn  smile 
i made a z on my report card so i passed lmfao
"swear to god, some dudes just know how to talk to a girl, in a nice way"
my sissy is home!!!  smile )))
gotta get up early and get my black friday shop on!!
uhh i want something to do tonight  whats going on?
swear to god
a well fed dog never strays from the porch  smile 
"wanna go out, but nobody to go out with  sad "
my sissy is going back home to north <propfemale> today  sad 
sad my sister is leaving
"booo school, yaaaay sleep too bad i didn't get any"
crazy bored
"talking to cute dude, all happy and junk till we started talking about music where i almost killed him with words cause he was trying to tell me how bad mgmt sucks  no way i can talk to him ever again <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> and <propfemale> ohdangletsbang lingham"
blah blah
"sleep, night  smile "
"kenzie <propfemale> robinson the best girlie in the world  i'm super sorry i couldn't make it to your bday dinner, but best believe i'm sending you love and best birthday wishes telepathically  i know we haven't <propmale> out in a hot minute, but when we get together its gonna be like old times, and maybe a little crazy!\happy birthday love! - love britt"
chilling want something to do
put marley in her new purple sweater and about to take her for her first walk  smile 
"legit had the most funniest random mental image video and i can't stop laughing, swear i think my mama and daddy think i'm crazy cause this happens quite often"
oprah flocka flame is one hood ass nigga haha
bored out my mind
simply put: aries  are  the  shit 
funniest thing i've seen today: miley <propmale> taking a <propfemale> hit of salvia  saddest thing i've heard: zac effron and <propfemale> hudgens broke up  sad ((
"watching the uk's version of the now american tv show skins, and it's hilarious "
about to take a nap
"the monkey is out of the bottle, repeat, the monkey is out of the bottle lmfao"
about to sit back on the new recliner with a book and read with a high possibility of falling asleep  smile 
"got a who new outfit in mind, now time to figure out how to get it     "
sooo freaking bored
"<propfemale> was about to go to bed but something made me super happy and now im hyped up on hapiness, so bout to play kinect to tire myself out and not bust my leg up this time  smile ))"
what to do what to do? shop!  smile )
about to do the crap load of homework <propmale> gave us so i can watch pretty little liars tonight!
good night don't let the bed bug bite!
"my bed is calling me, about to go comfort it for a while"
"bored as fuck! ain't nothing do! actually wishing i was at school, which is sad"
has got the stupid reading rainbow theme song stuck in my head
bored  wish i had elves or something here to entertain me
got a full night of tv tonight! from pretty little liars to the premier of skins  smile 
i got my last exam tomorrow: psychology  smile )
2 legit 2 quit!!
"i say we change the name \thursday\"" to \""jersday\"""""
had fun last night  smile  it been a long time since i last skated and now my legs hurt
"goodbye facebook, tv, internet, phone, ipod and anything else that could be taken away cause i'm in trouble for some bs i don't even know about, and i'm more than pissed about it"
life is goood
"valentines day for us single ladies: buy a banging ass outfit, rock it, strut in front of u and ur dude and watch as they heads turn    lol"
ummm skins in t-minus 7 minutes? i think yess!
has got a cold  sad ((
omfg i am watching jayy <propmale> <propmale> via webcam!! im crying im <propfemale> happy!  smile ))) <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> annastasia <propmale> pilgrim <propfirst> <propfirst> pilgrim
prolly bout to see i am number 4!!  smile )
watching katt <propmale> on comedy central haha he is <propfemale> funny
"\hi i'm a white lady and all i gotta say is niggas did it!!\"" funniest thing i heard saw all day  smile )"""
"i hate ppl who thnk they know everything, get all uop in yo grill about nothing, and when they open they mouths automatically know its going to be bullshit *clears throat* <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale>"
"about to watch never back down, one of my fav movies  smile )"
"missed glee but i had a <propfirst> <propfirst>'s burger, fries, and rasphberry tea to make up for it  yuumm!  smile "
my class ring is fabulous! and it feels like friday boo  sad 
"just go my hair did! it looks great! and a day for shopping tomorrow, can't wait  smile )"
fun fact: baby beavers are called kittens
there was waay too much walking today buut i gots me some cash money$$  smile )
it's such a beautiful day that i'm about to take marley for a walk  smile )
"wow thank u wind and stupid rain for fucking up my hair  btw skins is legit tonight, <propfemale> went hard too funny"
"i wish i could snap my fingers and make graduation tomorrow so i can gtfo and leave, so i can get on with my life without somebody always breathing down my neck"
not a good day at  all 
bored hmu 864 905-0164
bored hmu 864 905-0164
i hate douches whom u give ur number to and they dont text back <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale>
"had a great day, went to see my new baby cousin <propmale>, went shopping  tomorrow bathing suit shopping  smile )"
today was a great day! had s & m by rihanna stuck in my head tho and <propfemale> jabbaninja <propmale> knows whats going down spring break haha  smile ))
watching skins  smile )
"today was a great day! missed half of school yay! then it got bad but now it's all good again  smile  bout to eat me some joy of tokyo, yumm!"
"sticks and stones my break my bones, but chains and whips excite me na na na na"
"after the first 2 tests, the rest of they day is nap time yep"
two days later and phone is still missing fuucckk  sad 
two days later and phone is still missing fuucckk  sad 
"i have this feeling deep in the dephs of my soul that tomorrow is going to be a great day, anybody who tries to mess it up is getting decked  smile  jersey shore time!"
my dog just spazzed and it was hilarious
bored anybody up for a walk?
"life was good today, reeaall good  smile "
gots me a new phone  smile ))
psych field trip! yess! and joy of tokyo! yumm  smile )
"had too much fun the washington center,the kids are super sweet! and apparently i'm <propfirst> augusto garcia cardenas chocolate? i think like the way that sounds lol"
needs <propfirst> asap cause of new number and phone
it's such a beautiful morning  smile 
bored  what to do when it rains?
norbit is funny as hell omfg
¡regine jabbaninja <propmale> just talked to green lmfao
fightclub is a awesome movie  smile 
omfg i wish i was somewhere else besides school
woah the kid who plays rj berger out of character looks like <propmale> <propmale> mind blown
wow funny how everything gets fucked in a matter of hours  went from bad to worse and now idk
i got racks on racks on racks  smile 
ummmm sooo one more day till my birthday!!! yep this girlie is turning 17!!!  smile )
thank you bff <propfemale> for getting me the best bday gift ever!!
going to miyabi's tonight for my bday dinner great day  smile \\n*too*legit*
new fave store is poppy <propfemale> got my nails did yep  smile )\\n*too*legit*
mini giraffes are <propfemale> cute\\n*too*legit*
"it is sooo freaking hot outside, but i love it  smile \\n"
hmm got a feeling its gonna be a good day  smile 
"hmmm not as good as a day as i wanted, went bad in 3rd when my phone got taken by littman's bitch ass"
detention is so boring  sad 
this is <propfirst> hacking <propfemale>'s facwbook hahahahahaha lbvs
it's so beautiful outside so it has to be a great day  smile 
about to get my nails done then prolly gonna head out to the mall and do whatever
happy easter  smile  and its freaking beyond hot outside
umm is weird that i'm actually looking forward to school tomorrow?
real world is bout to be banging!
wanna look for me my nigga u can look up at the stars
sure thing by <propmale> is deffinetely one of my fav songs  smile 
