2385884a80078dd0365b03e7ae0af6e9
pleasantville
now i remember why i don't talk to friends when they're not within reasonable smacking distance  playful 
post wedding day       laugh  lol
has a space  playful 
"omg, where did my e-mail go?  playful "
"\kindness is just love with its work boots on\"" -house <propfemale>  playful """
lots of cool news today  check it out!  laugh 
don't know what to write cause my words have already been copyrighted lol
def misses the bf :-\\
is unhappy with this leaving thing  sad 
should be packing    lol
arkansas   yikes lol
"looking for brawl friends  any takers?  playful  new wii, yay!!!!"
wooohooo! the ladies are in italy   alive lol
washed his phone and now needs his friend's <propfirst>  playful 
"alrighty, i'll be home after 2 days for the first time in 6 months   woah  playful "
just ate an entire pizza  immobilized in recovery mode      laugh 
4 days till i'm 21    omg!!!  laugh 
three days!!!  laugh 
holy shitttttt  22 hours!!!!!!  laugh 
"to everyone who loves me, send me a text with your name in it so i can add it to my contacts list cause i lost everyone lol  thanks!  laugh "
ahhhhhhh!!! fucking 21 finally!!!!! and thank you for the birthday wishes and those to come  smile 
thanks to everyone for the best birthday i've ever had! it was unbelievably cool and i can't imagine a better one!
only two more shifts and i'm off to ny!  laugh 
"tomorrow, at this time, i will be boarding an airplane destined for my homeland     playful "
"is a-traveling to the tri-state area! goodbye texas, we'll meet up again when real life resumes  playful  and hello new york!!!  laugh "
fuck mid-term elections  now i have to keep cnn on all day and cry later when the republicans make ridiculous gains  crying 
"alrighty, time for everyone to get along on capitol hill, though i still don't like republicans lol"
bunnies!!!!  playful 
got jesus on my neckalus-us-us    or not  playful 
annnnnd the entire city of <propfirst> comes to a halt with a nice thin blanket of snow  playful 
"okay, def the cheeziest song ever but lady gaga's new single is too catchy to avoid downloading  playful "
