18ff143e619a9960940d96d87dcaadb5
"i'm going to hate my life this week, just to let everyone know    i go back to work  it's gonna be insane; work, college, running, friends, theater   what about sleep? nope, no sleep this semester   "
"i didn't go to work today, primarily because i don't want to go back  i like my life as a full time college student with only two classes    but i'm determined to get up tomorrow at 6 to get to work by 7   ugh "
"going running, and then to an audition  it's gonna be sweet"
just thinking of the time i peed my pants at <propfirst>'s house a few weeks ago    it was glorious 
"colony says girls think i'm ugly  quick, someone prove her wrong by posting how sexy i am!"
"gaming with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, & <propmale> on and off for 3 days straight  i am so tired    "
"got banged up pretty bad this mornig, running like a madman to class  out of commission for a couple of days   lame "
going to bed with sweet dreams of being hamlet 
"this one has decided to actually make an effort to get in shape  i know i'm in pretty good shape already, but if i want to do a swordplay scene with my shirt off, i'm going to have to beef up my upper body  it's all just so depressing   "
is sick of being insulted   you know who you are 
"excited for this weekend, last meet of the season!"
"i'm going to school tomorrow, followed by a stern visit to the police station  i think they don't want me to get my bike back, because i've called them five times or more over the past week, and they've been \unavailable\"" every time  this displeases me greatly  but such is life; unfortunate events serve to remind us how good the other events in our lives are """
should be asleep but is too busy ranting about the shortcomings of pop culture 
"is chillin'   legit, epic chillin' [makes gang sign with hands and mock angry e playful ression] "
"would like to apologize for the inevitability that, at some point in time, i have given you offense  you know who you are, because you're everyone  don't freak out; it's just that sometimes i can't help thinking everything is my fault "
"i didn't go to class today  that was a terrible thing of me to do  however, i am determined to make up for ir tomorrow by going in to work 2 hours early "
"tired, time sleep for bed   yeah "
"while driving, <propfirst> and i saw a strange light coming from the west  it was like a lighthouse in the sky  i feel this will hold some significance in the very near future "
went to class today like a good boy  i feel great 
needs a date   
is actually genuinely happy right now 
freaked out tonight for what may be considered no good reason   
"will win   at everything   because i have to for my friends  i'm just as strong as i have to be, for them   smile "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=bieozccaxze good stuff 
mgmt  newly added to my list of favorite bands 
is happy to help 
"ok, so like twenty people have sent me this and i've ignored all of them because i don't know what it is, and i'm too lazy to find out: citizens arrest warrant: <propfirst> kony  somebody tell me what it is, and maybe i'll do something   "
"is going to lunch, to get his money and his bicycle, and then    to the show!!!!"
taking care of business today 
"in case anyone calls and is wondering where i am, more specifically, becca, i'm going to wal-mart with my aunt to pick up her prescription, and will be back shortly  i promised to be home, but if i'm not, i'll call you back as soon as i get home   love "
"so who's going to the cast party saturday? i don't know if i'm gonna go, but if someone's going there and then to the shakespeare abridged show, talk to me  i may need a ride   "
is anyone hosting a <propfemale> party any time soon? i'll e playful lain in further detail to anyone that is and wishes to invite me   
"didn't go to school today, due to lack of realization that the buses weren't running because it's veteran's day  i stood at the bus stop for an hour, then, after examining the tire tred in the snow and noting it was old, i knew something was amiss   "
"valve oil!!!!!! i need to go to the horn doctor or somewhere and pick up some valve oil  if you comment on this, include the words, valve oil, somewhere in it "
"technology sucks! i'm going to bed, this machine is making me angry   "
"without darkness, there is no light; without evil, good need not exist  give thanks for all those who have wronged you and caused you pain, for pain is weakness leaving the body, and the pain has made you stronger   it's twisted, but it's true "
thanksgiving with becca and her family in 12 hours!
"after neglecting my facebook for one day, i have come back to 67 notifications   this is ridiculous   "
"opening weekend was great  we had tech malfunctions, i myself screwed up a few times, but we had some great shows  hats off to the cast and crew of both shows "
"is happy  my boss came to see my show today, and i found out a girl in the cast is my boss's granddaughter  good show today everyone "
has reaffirmed his identity today 
"\this woman is making an extra $5000 per month! wow  smile  sign me up! galewher   c0m\""  apparently conner ferrin wanted me to see this  hackers need to get a life """
"is not into guys, and two of his friends, <propfirst> and <propfirst>, are douchebags "
home for christmas
is ashamed that he's stayed up til 3 in the morning on facebook   
"is going to the mall with his family, then movie night, but not with his family "
"new favorite quote: “this just in: this toothpaste is too minty, sadness consumes me\  sheer verbal radiance """
owl city
"the closer you make your character to yourself, the more you become your character off-stage  solution: step outside yourself and distinguish the similarities and differences, and capitalize on, not embellish, both "
"seussical opens in 4 days!!!!!!!!!!!! everyone come see it  <propfirst> <propfirst> theatre at the pac  bring your friends, bring your family, and don't forget your pocketbooks so you can donate to our company!  smile "
believes he may have inadvertantly succeeded in ruining today for at least three different people   i'm just too philosophical and emotionally charged for high school life   wait 
"so i just found out that <propfirst> depp was voted #2 on the list of <propfemale>'s best loved celebrity actors for this year  normally i would be outraged at such an assessment, but he came in second to <propmale> eastwood, who i have much respect for  he's been at it for a long time  hats off to both, and to denzel washington, who was #3 "
"hmm, not sure how i feel about this new format   but i did learn that ctrl+b makes the text bold,  and ctrl+i makes it italic  cool   smile "
"i have a red <propfemale> bobcat, 2008  it has been stolen  if you see anyone riding a bicycle of this description, there aren't many of them around, so it's probably mine  if, perchance, it magically reappears in my front driveway, i won't ask questions  until such time, i will not stop looking for it, and will, without hesitation, hospitalize anyone i see riding it   smile "
so i just found out i can't add myself as a friend   
"got to be a pretty girl yesterday   and totally kicked butt at it, too "
is e playful eriencing record high levels of determination 
spring break = 12 hours of nonstop acting every day all week  score!
is wondering why no one freaking told him about the large group music festival   that was this week right?
got called back to work today! yessss!!!!  laugh 
shower time! (can't touch this   )
"if it happens again, i'm going to kick the crap out of you  you know who you are and you know what i'm talking about  enough is enough, i'm not as spineless as some of you think i am "
left his facebook logged in on someone elses computer  sup guys?
"hamlet! yes! come see! tonight, special student preview, only $6!"
just noticed that he's not the only one with the hamlet poster as his profile pic   and thinks that the whole cast should do the same 
would like to remind everyone that hamlet is still running this week on thursday and saturday  everyone come see it!
"just logged on to find three identical video posts from 2 different people, at the same time, with the same comment with them   stupid internet pranksters, go peddle your stupididty to someone else "
"ya kniow what i hate? when people are d-bags, especially when they know that i would never do to them what they do to me    ya know what i don't hate? when my brother is here from california and gives me a spandex t-shirt!!!  laugh "
"whew! 60 happy birthdays and counting   thank you everyone  btdubs, i quit my job and am now searching for a night job, preferably downtown, so if any of you have any connections, i would greatly appreciate a handout  smile     what? no serioulsy, if anyone has anything, lemme know, k?  smile "
"is going to be a knife salesman! hooray!!!!\by the way, if anyone knows anyone who is in the market for some quality kitchen cutlery, have them contact me   laugh "
"got a sweet check for $600 and is using it to buy a knife set that would otherwise cost $2000\i got plenty money  laugh "
"summer conservatory 2010 june 21-july 24  classes held at pacific northern academy and the festival of plays is held at uaa's main stage theatre  now through june 14 get $100 off your $700 tuition for each friend you get to register  you could go to summer conservatory for free! fairytale theater gets $50 off for each friend they refer! if you have any questions, feel free to ask "
"thank you <propfirst> mcallister christian <propmale> and <propfemale> cummings for a wonderful mountain climbing e playful erience yesterday  my legs are sore, for the first time in months  it's beautiful "
sometimes all it takes is a bit of depression and suddenly everyone loves you 
"normally i love the rain, but when you have to dress nice for a presentation you're riding a bicycle to, rain is the enemy "
will be getting a sweet commission check for $70 this week 
just stayed the night at his parents' and had a 3 hour talk with his dad  it was really cool 
"threw his back out acting as a human shield for some of his lovely lady friends against the mosh-ers at the flyleaf concert, which, btw, was pretty awesome  most fun i've had this month "
"so my cousin colony hannon got back this evening  i missed you  smile     doing your chores wasn't the coolest way to spend the week \kidding\   sort of "
"well, ladies and gentlemen, let's kick some arse, shall we?"
is disappointed in the fact that all of the high school girls he knows are attracted to <propfirst> lautner   
dereeeeeeeeeck!!!!!!!! > surprise 
needs a license to get a job he wants  who has a car and will teach him how to drive?
potluck tomorrow!!! then ultimate frisbee at 8! yay!  smile 
"wishes to wish <propfirst> mcallister a happy birthday, and everyone else gets a happy july 4th  laugh "
zoosk is telling me to join if i like cosplay girls   i'm gonna have to think about this one   
just climbed in his little brother's second-floor window   with the help of his little brother 
"just watched his uncle drive away in a firedbird, and is overcome with joy   and jealousy "
"the girl i'm dating left for college yesterday  in an attempt to feel better about the situation, i took a shower   in a car wash  unfortunately, i still miss you maddy klever , but on the upside, i went with the deluxe wash, so i'm extra polished "
super stoked for today and tomorrow  i'm gonna be a fitness trainer!  smile 
"loves <propmale> cuerdo, <propfirst> mcallister, <propfemale> cummings & <propfirst> hegefeld"
just scheduled classes for the fall semester! yay!
"\you're a beautiful human being\""\",18ff143e619a9960940d96d87dcaadb5,"needs a job and can't afford to be picky  anyone? i'll take anything   maybe even janitorial work, if i can't get anything else   "
kinda feels like garbage  i just wanna climb a tree   
i am love  it's official   smile 
"quote of the day: \i was looking at your pizza and i noticed your legs   \"" \",18ff143e619a9960940d96d87dcaadb5,"has the coolest job ever! 4 am clock-in, kick butt moving food product, clock out at 10 smile 0, sleep  win "
it's my day off  what do i do? sleep  goodnight 
likes how fired up some people get about politics when half of them have no idea what they're talking about  election day is fun 
time for shower  then nap   maybe  sleep is hard to come by these days 
"is it just me, or has everyone else noticed the fact that the sidewalks  of anchorage appear to be plowed by 5th graders on lsd? new rule  how about, if you're going to be getting paid $30 an hour, you should be somewhat proficient at your job "
talk about dedication  i just got a call from an injury claims representative offering me assistance and support for my work injury  my broken fingernail  an injury which occurred exactly one month ago  i love costco 
"in other news, i recieved the largest paycheck of my life today, my grandparents' house has flooded due to a faulty water heater, my girlfriend is away in california, going to school, and i'm moving into a new house, which is about a quarter of a mile away from the gym i'm becoming a member of as soon as i move in "
"so in other news, i got a new home, gave a drunk guy sales advice, colored my hair orange, got made fun of for it, went to the emergency room to use the toilet, and ate prime rib for free  i've come to the conclusion that, whatever negative things happen, no matter how bad it gets, life is generally good "
"quote of the day, zach corcoran: \i wish i could just sell myself   \""\",05bb2a33f353adbab27d92ddf16a7e laugh ,"aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!  ok, i feel better "
