4e35cf0daae4bda17f1f7851d56be03d
"just beat epic <propfirst>  that was a really fun game! now to beat it again, this time with all the side quests completed "
"gah~ i love this song  but since i was reading a story when i first heard it, certain lyrics keep making me see certain scenes  i keep zoning out  makes writing difficult "
<propmale> darko is a seriously freaked up movie  i think mr  poole would have fun analyzing it  some mass conspirity cult thing 
i want chocolate!
happy easter!
"i'm working on coloring this coraline picture i <propfirst> a few months ago on my <propmale> pad  holy crap, it's difficult! fun, just hard!"
"good night, everybody!"
"you can't win, child, we've all tried to, you've been lied to, it's already inside you, either you run right now or you best get ready to die, i said 'move', move!~  smile  can't get the song outta my head!"
"i love the tv series: fringe  gosh, it's amazing  i've got to catch up on the last few episodes i missed  i've got an entire night to do so, too!  smile  yay saturdays!"
"today is the anniversary of the loch ness monster legend! (well, the first media craze, anyways ) let's celebrate!"
"it's kinda creepy when people leer over my shoulder when i start to draw  i get it, really i do, but that doesn't make it any less unnerving  i post all that's worth seeing in my albums anyways!"
i love the <propfirst> witch project! great movie!
great <propfemale> was so much fun!
i'm so excited! my birthday's tomorrow!
"is obsessing hysterically over the season finale of fringe, and is now about to start a <propfemale> trek: tos marathon "
three words: <propfemale> trek scores   smile  band was awesome today!
i get to make some homemade starwberry ice cream   smile  yum!
headaches suck! i was so out of it today   annoyed 
just got back from nebraska!
the wedding was beautiful  i'm so happy for them!
"okay, it's official, i'm addicted to toy story 3  this is my fifth or sixth time watching it  gosh, i just love the animation! my favorite out of the entire trilogy!"
getting ready to go on a roadtrip with my dad tomorrow  i'm really excited!
so ready excited for school tomorrow   laugh  this is gonna be awesome!
mountain dew late at night is not a good thing 
i just got my hands on the first season of fringe!
games here on fb are kinda lame 
"started the hunger games yesterday morning, finished this morning  it's been a while since i've been so absorbed in a book "
"killed my leg at snafu, but it was totally worth it "
"quizes are lame  it's obvious what all the answers are  hmn, i wanna be a ravenclaw, so i'll make sure to say my favorite color is blue!  sad "
" laugh  oh my gosh, i think i have fallen in love  avenue q is now my new favorite broadway production "
"*just looked at my clock* hey, wasn't it one o'clock an hour ago?  laugh  forgot it was daylight savings today "
how come you can't put extended family relation ships on here? i have more family on facebook than just my mom 
"god, i love snow  it's so frickin' pretty  plus, who here is hoping for a snow day on monday?  laugh "
you have not found <propmale> 
is obsessing over a comic series  *squee!*
"have you ever been at a party at your own house, then realize that you're not actually a part of any of the conversations, you're just standing there? i just had that epiphany "
"weather is freaky  it blizzards for a while, knocks out our power, then clears up in ten minutes  only in reno, i guess "
"question for you guys: skull or head? (just answer, please  laugh )"
this  movie  is  so  messed  up 
"*keeps listening to jhonen sing* god, this is amazingly bad   laugh  i know that's what he intended, and he sure achieved his goal  god bless, man, you've made my christmas a little brighter "
"i just had the most amazing idea for a story ever  it was really profound, and really really interesting  and for the amount of time it took me to open word, the inspiration was lost  why the frick does that always happen?"
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
this game is awesome! epic <propfirst> is officially my favorite christmas present   laugh 
getting a new haircut tomorrow  hope it turns out good   laugh 
my hair is so short!
3 smile 6 am  i've scared myself so bad i can't fall asleep 
anyone have ms shaw for english?
i'm excited for our trip to san <propfirst> this weekend   laugh  go wolfpack!
"i'm hoping our hotel in san <propfemale> has wifi, but if not, this will be my final say 'til monday   laugh  hope everyone has a good weekend!"
i  have  wifi!!!
"tvtropes, i love you, but i really have to stop  each <propfemale> leads me to a story filled with highlighted terms, which i, in turn, have to look up, and lead me to several hundred other <propfemale>s with more highlighted terms  the madness  does  not  end "
back from frisco  that was a lot of fun!
"oh, slender man, how i love hate you so "
do you think that there's a character limit on notes at some point? or maybe you can just type in them indefinitely?
people who would be willing to be used as i deem necessary say aye!
"happy birthday to the creator of slender man, today  <propfirst> surge, you are one evil dude "
facebook has finally reeled me in  d: i was doing so well there for a while 
"i'm convinced half of my friends here don't write in english  instead, this weird language of hahas and no punctuation points "
gay geico commercial ftw   laugh 
yay for inspirational showers  i now have a little more to work on for journal 
spazzy singers are the best   laugh 
"hey you  i want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  but, i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status if you want, and i will do the same  (taken from <propfemale>)"
new glasses are making my eyes hurt  i wish they'd adjust quicker 
"i still don't have much of a voice, but i'm sure feeling a ton better today  thank god  one night of puking was enough, apparently "
it's like an episode of <propmale> and <propfirst> in my kitchen 
"happy <propfirst>'s day, everyone!"
"i'm excited  i can't wait for the musical auditions  voice, you have to heal by then! i'm debating between two songs  no business like show business from <propfemale>, get your gun or one from a chorus line  what do you guys think?"
01000010011001010110001101100001011101010111001101100101001000000110001001101001011011100110000101110010011110010010000001100011011011110110111001100110011101010111001101100101011100110010000001110000011001010110111101110000011011000110010100100001
"wow, my weekend got booked fast   laugh "
"i love jhonen vasquez  i'm on twitter for one reason, and that's to follow his tweets  they're amazingly funny  in a sick, demented way, of course "
i'm in a music slump  anyone got any recommendations?
who else is hoping for that snow day tomorrow?
has anyone else noticed that toad is dressed the same as aladdin?
"sweet! hey, anyone have <propfirst> kart wii that would like to race me? i'd love for some new players!"
this movie is so old   laugh  it's funny what comes on at 3 in the morning 
gah~! i kinda flubbed my audition a bit   laugh  but yay for hitting that last note!
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow~!"
"man, i love hetalia   laugh "
i have a pet peeve  brunette vs brunet and blonde vs blond  the extra e makes all the difference  e=estrogen=woman  they're not the same!
"jeez, i'm an idiot  i was watching hetalia all the way to episode 42 in japanese with english subs before i realized that, hey, i wonder if it has english dubs? duhr "
the anticipation for wednesday is killing me!
"i love you, human anatomy  you are helping with my drawings!  laugh "
i just lost the game 
"i made the musical! this had just made my life, i swear   laugh  or, at least this school year "
"got the new phone, but have lost all of my contacts  there's a few i remember, but for those of you feeling generous, would you mind sending me a message with yours? d: so many of you guys i've lost "
i can tell i'm going to lose a lot of weight over the course of rehearsals   smile 
"i almost prefer the english subs now  dubbed is nice, but i can't understand italy's accent when he starts talking so fast!"
whoot! just got pokemon: white!
i have the strangest urge to spike my hair all of a sudden 
"oh god, don't do this to me  d:"
"i've never smoked weed, been drunk, snuck out, or skipped school  copy & paste this as your status  whoever likes it thinks you're lying   "
"you know you're either a geek or spend too much time on the internet when you hear my immortal and don't think of evanescence, but of that fic  like if you have any idea what i'm talking about "
"why have i never noticed just how disproportionately skinny disney females are? (mainly older characters, i e  <propfirst>, <propfemale>, megara, ect)"
"just had one of those 'gah, i should have saved before i came here' moments "
"i keep looking at the clock going 'crap, i need to go to bed soon', then i remember 'hey, it's friday! i don't need to wake up at 5 tomorrow!'"
"has anyone ever wondered how nny gets his money? i mean, he has to pay for his house, gas for his car, brain-freezies somehow  yet he only seems to come out of his house at random intervals to kill people to use for their blood for his wall  otherwise he just stays inside his own personal hell  i dunno, it just bugged me  but i'm probably thinking a little too much about it "
going to coconut bowl's job fair tomorrow  wish me luck!
"reading book critiques on amazon make me smile  especially sci-fi novels  everyone thinks they know more on the subject than the author, and if things don't turn out the way they want them to then the author fails at their research and should stop writing  and then they don't capitalize their i's, and i just have to laugh "
"what makes the critiques even better is that everyone bashes the sci-fi books, but then you go to twilight, and the unadulterated fan-gushing begins  pfffffft "
"why are commenters on youtube either idiots or jerks? most of the time both? they think they sound so smart when they're picking on a video and \tlkig liek thsi lol\"" """
"favorite band? the killers  second favorite? tub ring   laugh  lamest name ever, but they're amazing "
have you ever wanted to 'like' it when someone 'like's something else?  laugh  thanks to those who 'like' my pictures 
"aubri? <propfirst>? i dunno who you are, but people keep asking if i'm related to you  three times now it's happened  who are you?!"
anyone who knows <propmale> drowned you have my respect and sympathy 
"i find i dream the most when i sleep in places i shouldn't  like on my rug, in the grass, on the bus, in class  it's pretty rare that i dream lucidly while in my bed "
"i got my copy of \squee's wonderful big giant book of unspeakable horrors\"" today   laugh  i am a happy camper """
