a01d80ec6a06f6423ce76d9d0e618231
thank you all for the bornday wishes!
"went to my graduation from indiana weslyan university  wow, i am a college grad! (associates, but still a degree) god helped me through the whole thing, praise him!"
"will be having a graduation open house party on january 2nd at my house  if you are a friend that knows where i live, you are welcome to come  times are 2pm-4pm and bring very e playful ensive gifts (lol that is a joke, unless you are <propmale>, lol) "
are the jets a good team? yes! can they beat the colts? yes! will they beat them today? nooooooooooooooooooooooooo! go colts! go big blue!
"god is so good! i wanted the colts to win, but he is what is most important in my life so no matter the end, i would still be unbelievably blessed  he let them win (yes, not manning, no offense), & i praise him even for the smallest of things  go colts, but more so go god!"
"i could scream about some of the no-calls in the game, but god is good & i praise him for the opportunity to watch a good game & have an investment in it, yet not an obsession  he is my only obsession! he still deserves the <propfemale>! thank you god for letting me see what is important in life, yet still enjoy my team playing in the big game! better than the 1-15 seasons i remember! praise god!"
"if we had the spirit of shakespear, we could write like him  if we have the spirit of god, why don't we walk like him? time christians act like christians! with god, all things are possible because there is no temptation that he can't deliver us from! god help me, for your <propfemale> "
"why do people want the credit that god deserves? salvation is by christ alone! he deserves all the credit  to believe in a fall from grace theology means he doesn't  why involve you, if you can't earn it, how can you loose it? work as if it is up to you, but feel at rest to know it is he who works in you!"
"pray for those that think abortion is not murder  i was once one of them, but christ opened my eyes to the truth  if it is wrong to kill a 3 month baby, then it is wrong to kill a  3 month baby (in the womb)  don't hate those that accept it, they are blind to the truth  pray for them & you will help build the family of god!"
"happy resurrection day! thank you christ for giving your all for me when i am so ungrateful & unworthy  my prayer is for others to see your truth & understand satan believes in god, but trusting you is the only way to eternal life  trusting means to live to glorify you and not for ourselves  sin is what seperates us from you, & to ignore our sinfulness is to ignore your calling to us  thank you jesus!"
wow! thank you to all for the birthday wishes!
"notice people get married in a church, but divorced in a court!"
"tell me about it  i am in training for my sumo career  i am at 235 now & figure i can get another 65 lbs on my frame  lol\maybe try to get on the biggest loser & make some money while i am at it  lol"
"read eccl  10:2, why i am with the right in politics! lol"
"put\this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a \michigan fan  being a wolverine fan is a real disorder and should be \taken seriously  there is still no known cure for mf and sympathy does \not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of osu fans will repost this \      simply because we know how to copy and paste as well as tie our \shoes  beat michigan week"
picking my wife up! very excited  she has been in europe for work 
going to family christmas  looking forward to seeing all the nieces & nephews  <propfemale> christmas!
"going to the colts game! go blue! hope to have winning pictures posted next week  last time i went to a game was the afc championship game in 2006, when they won the super bowl! hope it is a sign!"
in my seat at <propmale> oil! go colts!
