4c81c350a66fd8ca841a7ab93c7d7870
cant really work on science report          dumb computer      
next 3 days will suck      saturday and sunday - work from 8 to 2      monday - school resumes     once dias para segundo semestre!!!!
bad things happen to good people   hope the best for those families   
wow wat a storm earlier
going to dbq to see year one
i actually cant wait for school 
is getting sick and tired of band camp and band overall
thank god this is the last day of band camp!!!!!
very tired after band concert
going on the river
cant wait for neighbors to come home so i dont have to feed there cats!!!!
staying up late tonite to watch meteor shower
goin to the cabin w  greenwoods and crouses
is actually golfing this year!
wow! looks like cash for clunkers pulled out for us
first (and i wish was my last) band practice!
school tomarrow
wishes i can find my glasses by school tomorrow
great i have to wear my old glasses that r to small for me! bad time to lose my glasses
is camping
just got home and might go to hospital to see my new niece
is thinking what i should write in my speech for student council?
is wondering if i will win the elections
"thinks that sometimes, certain people are inconsiderate and uncaring about others"
tired and depressed god help me
o great band tonight
"mondays busy, tuesdays band, wednesdays ccd  just great         "
is wondering y am i on  the computer when  i cant even see?
great im goin to miss the parade tomarrow
is wanting to go to the fireworks
is looking for stuff for homecoming  having difficulties
ccd tonite fun fun fun
yum these gummy bears r so good!!!!
"for all band people staying after scool, talk to me"
well i wish i could of gone camping this weekend but there is something more important happening
neices baptism earlier now a little brunch until i have to go get a flu shot
is getting hungry               might go for some apple-snicker dessert
band tomarrow!!!!!! gone all day!!
day one: er day
has no idea for tomarrows theme
why am i on the computer during a storm      
homecoming dance tonight
some people are very stupid and dumb
"'jeez mom, everyone's different!'"
gotta take out the dog           fun fun fun                     
is quite hungry but there is no food at our house
is playing the french horn for concert band!!!!
ok i cant go on to parent portal for some odd reason
is listening to our band music on youtube         odd
help!!! i cant do my english report at home!!!! this is just great!
pizza for supper!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wish the person i really want to talk to was on           but they arent
god! everyone in this world is stupid and mentally challenged!!
if i have a list of friends for chat titled people i want to forget why would i be there friends?
another long and agonizing day at the torturing building
early out today!! then no school tomorrow!!!
mowing the lawn                          fun
extravabandza is a synonym for boring!!!
"it works!!! the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works"
ccd tonight                        yay                     
chat doesnt work                    come on
thinks that my life would be more interesting if the threats were true                 
had burds thanksgiving               still at the americinn
just checked parent portal and found something interesting              
so cold              and tired after work        
gotta work 8 to 2 today             
i have one question               do you think its odd that the big snowstorm were getting is currently located in the new mexico texas region????
what a day!!!!
wakes up to find a snow drift on my deck thats taller than me            and its still growing
not sure whats going to happen tomorrow          well with no school my birthday is going to suck!!! and band concert is postponed to a later date           
should be working on cultural studies map          but dont feel like it        
is listening to my sister read facts out of her stats book    
wishes i could of skipped this whole year and be 16 now          this was the worst birthday ever!!!!
is listening to some <propfirst> <propmale> songs         yea beat it
um      english paper due tomorrow and i just started     uh oh
cult studies map due tomorrow    im almost half way    
crap    i forgot all of my human life stuff at school so im dead!!! literally!!
not feeling that great    im not sick though
thinks i should get off         but i dont want to       
ok    lets finish human life!!!
will be back soon    tacos tonight
has his 2 liter bottle of dr pepper to help me finish human life        thats odd      
is thinking of two things: what im might be getting for presents and what my new year resolutions should be          im thinking of a few
burd's christmas tonight!!!
good news and bad news      i got an ipod for christmas   good isnt it? the bad news    its a ipod shuffle     its small and i dont get to see what song is playing     it sucks
"is thinking of a creative message        nope, none to offer      "
is downloading songs on ipod 2nd time and has been since 9:45
i find this odd         i barely get service in my room for my phone           but im in the basement (not by any windows) and i somehow get 4 bars!
is ready for some serious iowa action                 go hawks!!!!
no ccd!! yes!!
si gnivah nuf gnipyt sdrowkcab!!!!!!                is having fun typing backwords
r i p  mrs  brown
someone should save me now            
cansado          muy cansado            
is doing that free rice thing      feed the world!
is scared for my life     i found out i have 2 people stalking me     and its just scary!!!
is waiting for something to happen that i would never see (or hear) in my life!
shouldn't start thinking about this right now and start hopefully its gonna happen      
is wondering how to make all the people that irritate me disappear 
time to work on english
just finished english! my sonnet is quite amazing!!
is questioning this website that says 'we' has no syllables      its a word so it has to    
finished english   thanks to the best person on earth!!!!
"school needs phones, mp3 players or ipods, and , less teachers, and shorter school days "
what in gods name happened?!?!?!
"friend of the day - <propfirst> naber   story - not really a story but i he wants a <propfemale> lamp that i have for some of his ''magical'' eye drops    he will never get the lamp!   quote - \the drops will make you rabid!!!\"" <propfirst> naber 4 february 2010"""
"friend of the day has been postponed till further notice   if you would like to nominate yourself for friend of the day, please talk to me"
"friend of the day is on now!!!! <propfirst> sorrell    story - the reoeating of one word can get to your head!! hi    hi   hi    hi   hi   hi   hi   hi   hi  hi  hi      bye   bye  bye   bye    quote - \hi         hi        hi       hi\"" <propfirst> sorrell 14 january 2010      (i made up the date)"""
is having fun watching tv and on facebook        while babysitting     
is definetly ready to conquer the night!!! 80s dance tonight
wow   the dance was ok   but not the best    good time to <propfemale> with friends
"if you are able to read this, you are considered one of my true friends so dont try and ruin it please because that is what happened to me a lot    "
is home alone right now with nothing to do besides this      indecision 
"i have a question   if cats always land on their feet, and toast always lands butter-side down, what happens if you strap that piece of toast to a cat and drop them off a building?"
is very disappointed with the fact that i cannot make the first musical meeting  crying 
finished my cultural studies!!!
one door closes another one opens  the question is are you brave enough go through the door to move on? or do you go back to the close door and live in the past?
is having a wonderful and extrodinary day!!! what about you?
had a very good day today! dont think it can get much better than this           but is very happy!
"advice for today: good things come to those who wait, unless your short and then you just cut in line, and no one will notice!"
notice: thank you for noticing this notice  your noticing this notice has been noticed 
must do cultural studies!
head hurts             muy mucho mal!!
"wants to build a life size whack-a-mole game, and choose 9 lucky people to put in in it    pray that you are not one of them!!"
went to the boat thing in dubuque earlier and now finished my cultural studies thankfully
well      i dont know    
doesnt feel good at all right now   needs food now!
's chat is being a idiot
"are you as bored as i am? read this backward, and it makes sense still!!!"
is wondering if they ever found the person who let the dogs out?
nephew's baptism earlier and just got home so im a little tired!
thanks mother nature for this fog!
is still working on homework due tomorrow for fourth period class
and is still working on the same homework    
has yet to finish that one assignment    and has yet to get any sleep!
now i finished my homework 3:52 am!!!!
"attention to all freshman actors actresses: if you would like to be a part of a movie, please contact me soon!! this is for my cult studies project   if you are in one of rogers and foust's cult studies classes, tell me as well   "
doesnt know what to think now    too many things are going through my mind
just got home from musical practice   hungry and has loads of homework   yet somehow finds hisself on facebook?
busy the whole weekend!! work tomorrow then living last supper performance in marion    and then my aunts funeral on monday so i wont be at school    
"corrections: today i have living last supper performance in <propfirst>, sunday i have my aunts wake and monday is the funeral "
today was a sad day to see but hopefully tomorrow will bring better things  sad 
is wasting my life away on this movie!!
"somehow ive turned into a consuler therapist for some people     now i can do that thing they do     just keep nodding and say \so how does that make you feel?\"""""
ifeliz pascua! (that means happy easter in spanish for the people who have troubles   and you know who you are!!)
crew earlier was probably the funniest thing ever    ahh the evil rosebush is attacking the city!! who will save us?? the sunshine daisies will!!! how that happened will be a mystery between me and <propfemale> brockman     
"is totally living the normal life: home alone, on facebook, drinking dr  pepper and eating cheez-its   cant beat that  playful "
finds himself very interested in a youtube video    where's the chapstick?
has pondered this for the last 5 hours   making this desicion took much thinking   especially if it works how embarressed ill be      annoyed 
golfed earlier with the awesomest set of clubs!
my mom is having a total freak-out session on me now over the dumbest reasons   not like the chicago trip last year for school   
===> little shop of horrors: opening night <====you must come to it!!!
ok    imagine this ~ you are a homeless bum on the streets and you look for food in the garbage cans   what food would you most likely find? please reply to this cause it will be very helpful for me   
"had the musical today, yesterday, and friday    now that its over    im really bored   and wants to thank all my adoring fans (<propfirst> <propfemale> knight and <propfemale> brehm)"
is going to post two videos from youtube and you should really watch them   (hint hint)
hit me with your pet shark! hit me with your pet shaark! hit me with your pet shark! hit me with your pet shark! - intro ducing: lyrical <propfemale>
is figuratively a rundown saloon     just forgotten
still e playful eriencing a bad day     and again feeling like a run-down store      sad 
5th ave  tryout = epic fail!!!
might go to a movie tomorrow   have to ask yet =p
is delivering a can of lemon lime soda to <propfemale> <propmale> who lives close by
broke my phone a while ago    but now its working so i am happy!!!  laugh 
sorry to say but i must end this day so i may be ready for the next    cause of a partay!! ~feliz cinco de mayo todos amigos!!~
is forcing himself to learn the music for state concert choir on friday   since i just got the music today    annoyed 
24 hours till state large group band and concert choir!!!
22 hours to state band large group and concert choir!!! yes im keeping a countdown  
21 hours to state band large group and concert choir!!! like this if you cant wait!!
20 hours left to state band large group and concert choir
19 hours left to state band large group and concert choir
choir got a 3   thats depressing to say   but band got a 1!!! and one of the judges gave a perfect score!!!  laugh 
i was looking for a status on status shuffle    one status was a lyric to a song that kinda fits the mood im in now    but coincidentally my sister never turns of itunes and guess what song was on? the same one as the lyric on status shuffle
is working on cult  studies project   and that is coloring!!!!  laugh 
i dont know whats on my mind cause its inside of my head   under my skull   but i think its a bunch of pink stuff that is called a brain!
hates english papers      playful 
"wishes he could see into the future, so he wont have to make the same stupid mistakes that have already been made  sad "
really wants to do something right now but is afraid of what might happen     sad 
never ate supper yet but probably wont after those 5 slices of french toast and 4 strips of bacon    and a large white milk     
doctor appointment in iowa city tomorrow so no school for me!! =p
"has two days to finish a powerpoint, type up an outline and do a bunch of other stuff    how much i hate english    > sad "
first doctor appointment is complete! they said im doing absolutely great    and that is really good! next appointment - 6 3 10
never finished my english project    great   now i wonder what my last grade will be for that?
better get to bed now cause i got a busy weekend ahead of me!     no literally     ===> a busy weekend
time to start getting ready for the party!!! band plays graduation tomorrow    annoyed 
graduation today   party was fun but after there was an episode that completely ruined the day  sad  but <propfirst> ockenfels and i helped take care of it
needs to talk to someone who is in my english class for help immediately!!!
is trying the english (pirate) language for facebook   its quite    awesome
"is currently in a state of shockness, anger and sadness    do not try bothering me    annoyed "
wishes the best summer for all of you friends of mine! next time you see me    well    ill be the same hopefully    and you will too    but its sad that i wont see most of you till next year  sad 
time to go to iowa city again! for my mri in the scary donut tube  sad  wish me luck!!
has conquered the mri scanner! just got back from iowa city and ready for some actual summer time!
"you would think that in summer you would have a lot of stuff to do, when really    you are bored out of your mind!"
stayed at my sisters house playing super <propfirst> bros on the wii!
warning - stay off roads for next month ~ driver's <propmale> starts tomorrow and   sorry   and guess who is in it? me!
is laughing at steph then and <propfirst> bries cause they are watching pippy longstocking!
oh great      time for me to get     braces         
hates trying to eat with the braces!
my question for you: do you think this summer is going fast or slow? comment with your answer
"if it keeps progressing the way it is, im already to go ahead with my plan"
ortho  appointment later  sad 
too many moods at the same time!! ahh!!!  sad      smile      annoyed      laugh 
"47 48 3836 76774253 86 23 3743637 9484 7663663 8428 968 2268 3836 87878? 3825 69 5433!! if you type this with t9 texting, you can figure it out    hopefully > playful "
"dear creator of all animals,\i have a serious question to ask you   why the hell did you make the fly???\from, \<propmale> then"
you should watch this video: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zq7oqmikzdq
needs someone to reassure me that im not a bad person please    i will probably keep saying that im a bad person but try your best to calm me down     sad 
\now if you lose your one and only\,4c81c350a66fd8ca841a7ab93c7d7870,"cell phone broken   transfering to a different one soon so dont \text it\""   cause it isnt a person     annoyed """
thought of today: is it ironic if you get a cold on a hot day?
starting to be the normal life: get back from a bike ride and go on facebook with a bag of cheez-its in one hand and a pibb xtra in the other! feeling great!
succe<propmale><propmale> in drivers <propmale>!!
had fun last night on the river and watching <propmale> otting and <propfemale> greenwood do miming contests with some random guys on another boat! pretty hilarious!!
ahh!!! why must it sound like bombs are going off in my backyard!!!
now i get to sit back and wait        hopefully not long      annoyed 
wants to know why parents have to be so strict when it comes to dating!!!
"you called and asked if i was mad     i said i wasnt mad and its true, but you didnt ask me if i was sad  thanks a lot for a big waste of my life     sad "
knows what he is doing august 18th!!  laugh 
"\we belong together  like the open seas and  shores  wedded by the planet force  we've all been spoken for \"" we belong together - <propmale> degraw"""
"like this status and i'll tell you a like, dislike, impression, and confession about you  smile "
epic newsflash!!! peosta might get a grocery store!!!!  laugh 
"busy week!! band tonight, work then dentist app  tomorrow, and next three days are the show choir choreography retreat (cant wait for it!!)"
fair earlier! saw lots of familiar faces    some i didnt want to see
and the dumbest thing to do was that i actually believed it was true  annoyed 
finally!! ive held in my anger towards it long enough!! i quit!!! yep   now im happy
uh oh   that changes a lot   now im confused and needs to talk to someone that i trust   needs help!!!!
has to work tomorrow  sad  no town & country days parade for me  crying 
thinks today was one of the days where you can say something was accomplished
registration for sophomore today around 4! who else will join me?
registration wasnt too bad  smile  got to <propfemale> with the most coolio person ever!
thinks that monday should come much faster!! (yes i really did say that  playful )
my sister has a spanish version of hakuna matata on itunes   its very    interesting  annoyed 
hanging with <propfemale> kennedy tomorrow! cant wait!!  laugh 
saw a 4th grade class list that had two names of people i know that are sophomores   i laughed  laugh 
there is no <propmale> that today could of been better! cant wait for monday to see her again  smile 
oh my freaking gosh!! im technically somehow related to <propmale> <propfemale>!!!  surprise 
well   lets hope that it happens!
going to a movie with <propfemale> tomorrow  laugh 
movie with <propfemale> very soon!!  smile 
"last day before \its cool\"" starts  sad """
wishes that i can save our chat from 10:47 to 11:10  smile 
well   i guess school starts in a few hours   yay  annoyed 
has it already been a year? wow   time really goes by fast   happy 1st birthday <propfemale> from uncle <propmale>  smile 
had the best day of his life and only one person   two people   know why  laugh 
an hour and ten minutes later   the phone conversation ended
someone please kill me now   i mean it like right now  sad 
is enjoying watching animated roller coasters on youtube with <propfemale> kennedy  smile 
3 hours   and counting still   
and     4 hours     and counting still    new longest time on a phone call but im glad its with her  smile 
wow    the phone conversation went 4 hours and 30 minutes (i think   ) but i wish it went longer cause it was with the best person ever  smile 
ive learned so much more about myself in the past month   only cause i had someone so special to help me   happy one month <propfemale> kennedy  love   smile 
toga! toga! toga!  laugh 
fireworks tonight were great  smile  saw lots of people   little kids were annoying  annoyed  but best of all   i got to be with <propfemale> kennedy  love 
\when i see your face,\4c81c350a66fd8ca841a7ab93c7d7870,the play this year is awesome!! my favorite character is vegetable    no lines but gets to eat pizza   chance ingles makes me jealous   
enjoys rocking out to bohemian rhapsody with <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> heitritter and aj richman and <propfemale> <propfemale> hoffmann and <propfemale> <propmale>  laugh 
<propfirst> leitzen - you just made my night  smile 
now enjoys the song little lion man by mumford and sons
my legs feel like bricks and dont seem to want to walk long distances   down side to homecoming   but anyways   fun night tonight and will probably never be beat for a long time!!
time has come and gone so quickly  sad  but spending them with you makes it worth while  smile  happy 2 months <propfemale> kennedy  love 
that just ruined my night  sad 
at exactly 7:14 tonight it was 2 months to my birthday!!
is enjoying all the poking wars im starting!! > laugh 
band championships today!!!
inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between us  set this as your status and see what you get  smile 
inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between us  set this as your status and see what you get  smile 
is working on biology and attempting to stay on facebook without it distracting me   but im currently failing  annoyed 
"do\any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a \task for you    i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about\how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do\the same "
nothing can cure my case of pissed and im not kidding > sad 
"<propfemale> kennedy, you will never lose me and i hope that i never will lose you  i love you always and forever  this may be a setback but its only going to make us stronger   love "
extravabandza today at the high school!
 love  3 months!! i love you <propfemale> kennedy  love 
wamac honor choir tomorrow in maquoketa    oh fun fun fun  annoyed 
getting my hair straightened    totally worth the laughs  smile  good job to the cast and crew of toga! toga! toga! on our first performance!!
night #2 of toga! toga! toga! good luck everyone!!
sitting and waiting for midnight   then commencing on the bombardment > smile  anybody want to join?
phone bomb still in progress but coming out good  smile  cant wait to see her face when i see her later    anyway    happy birthday <propfemale> kennedy  laugh  i love you  love 
happy turkey day everyone!!
ok   today we are suppose to eat turkey cause its tradition    not tacos and chicken noodle soup!!! dumb parents  playful 
tired as hell!! spent my whole sleeping time in dubuque shopping  annoyed 
sick on a sunday   fun  annoyed  had a great day yesterday with <propfemale> kennedy  smile   love 
"fact annoyed do you know why the marriage ring is placed on the forth finger from the thumb from your left hand? because its the only finger that has a vein wich is directly connected to our heart its called the <propfemale> amoris   smile "
ortho appointment      sad 
7 days!! yes!! just wish that there wasnt any snow  playful 
4 days till i am officially 16!!  laugh 
is gonna let everyone who wants to ask me one question and ill answer it honestly    but not over the comment thing   
happy birfday to me!! happy birfday to me!! happy birfday to meeeeeee    happy birfday to me  laugh 
oh my  laugh  what a great way to start my birthday   an email from someone that i cant believe did get back to me  smile 
thanks all for the birthday wishes  smile  didnt go too great but its good enough  annoyed 
"whoever said that it was a \winter wonderland\"" has obviously never been to iowa  playful """
didnt bring english stuff home   and of course i have it 1st period tomorrow!! screwed!
time to type my english final!! yay  annoyed 
"really <propfemale>!! you used the word \plethora\"" twice in you tkm final!!"""
i gots a haircut  crying 
i feel like crap right now  sad  bad earache   ow  crying 
only 6 days more days   then ill be partying my way to the sugar bowl!!
facetimed <propfemale> kennedy with sisters ipod    very interesting conversations were held   and the word 'deer' and 'dear' are now inside jokes between us  wink 
lets go hawks!!!  smile 
way to go hawks!!! insight bowl champions!
its hard to believe that in only 12 hours    we will be preparing to leave for new orleans   
had a great time in new orleans  laugh  i guess im kinda glad to be home but not liking the fact that i have to go to school tomorrow  sad 
"5 months today with the most amazing and perfect girl in the world  laugh  how i ever imagined to find true love and it happened to me august 6th, 2010   i love you <propfemale> kennedy  love  always and forever  smile "
ok    never watching that music video again   teenage dream is a good song but the video is disgusting
"1st person to like this status i will have their last name for a week \2nd person to like this status can dare me to do one thing \3rd person to like can pick my profile pick for 24hrs\4th person to like i'll write i love you on your wall \5th person to like can ask me anything they want nothings off limits\   copy and past this as your status if your brave"
as of 11:20 - i will have the last name of huff for a total of one week  because of my previous status   the first person that liked it would mean i use their last name for one week   congrats <propfemale> huff  smile 
im scared   im seriously scared that im gonna screw this up   and that ill lose everything   just one little mistake and its gone  crying 
"great job to everyone in show choir, show band and crew!!"
dance sucked tonight  annoyed  but the big dance tomorrow will be awesome!! go show choir!!
got a ipod touch!!  laugh  so im gonna need contacts to facetime anyone who would actually want to facetime me
enjoys scaring <propfemale> kennedy over facetime!  wink  hehehehehe love ya!
no school again! what the hell?? they just want us to have a short summer > sad 
way to go bobcats!!! overtime win over beckman 63 - 61
i can't wait till next week!!! getting quite impatient
i hate them i hate them i hate them!!! > sad 
worst day ever!!!
this is indeed the worst day of my life!! i hate today and wish it never happened! > sad 
congrats aristocats and 5th avenue on a successful day at north polk!!
today was amazing till 3rd period    then it went on a downhill slope to now     
i don't know why i'm up right now   
"the aftermath of the overnight show choir competition left many people with extreme cases of hunger, thirst, and drowsiness!"
bye bye grass  crying  it was great while you were here    
kinda upset but i guess i suspected it    wish i didnt have to believe the lie  annoyed 
it didnt happen  we didnt break up  for reason refer to <propfemale> kennedy profile   sorry for the confusion  sad 
no ccd tonight    hellz yeah!!
hates english soooo much!!!!
got a 96 on my english speech!!! yes!!!
i'm on a bus with <propfemale> freezing  annoyed 
now is 7 months closer to forever  smile   love  happy 7 months <propfemale> kennedy  love 
"if you love me, (comment on this status) if you think i'm a good friend, (like this status) if you hate me, (message me and tell me why) if you ever had a crush on me, be honest, (poke me) if your not scared, (make this your status)"
having a bad day and only getting worse  sad 
god dammit mother nature!!!!!! no more snow!!!
if you cant tell that im fighting for you     then whats worth fighting?  heart-broken 
theyre showing mo show on channel 9 2!!!
okay    more show choirs showing on 9 2 or mediacom 109
jazz night!!!!  laugh 
hates ccd and confirmation!! damn papers!!!  sad 
enjoyed walking in circles with <propfemale> <propfemale> rondeau holding a coffee pot at the fish fry  laugh 
solo and ensemble today!! good luck to everyone in it!!
loras honor band!! great day   had fun and had fun songs!! rollo takes a walk!!!
<propfirst> bries just locked steph then in the bathroom!!! epic!!
