afa2ec4e565e76169325463a07d0ef3d
happy gay day in la!
and go lakers!!
comes from a line of badass mothaf'n pacifists 
hell is fafsa and intermittent wireless 
is back in prospect   i'll take it 
is given pause 
is it normal for cats to use your laptop as a scratching post?
is definitely stuck here   at least i get more bylines? will find ways not to suffer 
isn't bored anymore and thinks maybe i even made the right decision   !
and that's the way it is 
can officially cook 
still has not seen hp6   and is kind of proud 
i have lived two decades 
   ok 
is kind of on vacation!
life is too short to do anything but ____
back in bayside   with one assignment to go 
might trade engl for amst if <propfemale> lets me 
is going to take a painting class one day  (cross ur fingers )
"the e playful ression \to go postal\"" officially has the strangest origins of any idiom ever """
prospect single: it's minimalist 
"wow, i sure do love brake lights  wow "
52°f  feels like 52°f 
"sanity first, phone calls later "
bored 
needs tape and curtains 
"is going to eat this salad leaf by leaf and each leaf is a piece of rage, and by the time the salad is done, the rage will be done  leaf by leaf, leaf by leaf   people are idiots "
has put away the salad of passive aggression 
"bravery, wonder, appreciation "
is figuring it out 
sick of same battles 
 love  is all 
big whoop 
"is looking forward to banana pudding, sleep and feedback "
stop talking fix everything 
"gonna be fine, <propfirst> bradburys cool, need a drink "
https annoyed  pub mtholyoke edu journal mnash   - comments plz 
por que es mi facebook <propfemale> en español?
will stop trying to impose order on disorder  this is <propmale> year 
let's not call it a day—call it something else
happily l'exhausted 
might as well write a poem about economics
still going 
hasnt been this angry since <propfirst> beck ruined network allusions for the rest of us > sad 
parallel synchronized randomness
"can't stop playing <propmale>'s version of \defying gravity \"""""
is drawing graphs  lots of them 
impulse haircut!
is outperforming the benchmark 
best glee ever  showing it to my grandkids 
"\he's taking the bullet for us  solid \"""""
can drive now (in theory) 
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name as the first comment 
life is being like that 
can i just pause homework and finish the books i'm actually reading
"i knew beyonce was beautiful, but i didn't know she could be creepy beautiful "
kind of wish shit would stop happening 
my room smells like rain 
i kind of want to change my profile pic to jj from skins  best character on television next to <propfemale> petrillo 
aint wearin green   but did have a pint of harp lager today 
"i want to see wamego, ks  who's driving?"
swish it up a bit!
who applied for uaf funding this year?
"two honest mistakes (more like 1 5 honest mistakes)  i've done better, but i've also done worse  we will have some chamomile and go on with life "
when is somebody going buy the rights to make a movie about <propfirst> hall's life? the funny old man mentor and the happy ending wedding   so american  so good  so   when?
coffee or maybe not 
south <propmale>
that brilliant feeling of being squeezed to death  yes  it's wednesday again 
"symposium, interview, interview, sontag lecture, paper due  hello friday "
best episode of <propfirst> <propmale> ever: hostage 
"maybe i didn't make a mistake  as a matter of fact, i can still mess things up—probably not a bright idea   but nothing's over for sure "
is officially atlanta-bound for the summer!
just sick of it 
granola and carrot sticks for dinner 
"birthday wishlist: camera, bicycle, wig "
i want to wear grown up dresses and do work i love 
"if i can get this done today, i'll deserve ice cream "
sometimes it takes forever to find out what the questions really are
if i were smart i'd go to sleep 
ok so i need to finish this and sleep tonight or i am totes scrwd 
good trailer 'cept voldie talks too much 
the world is always strangest when it finally makes sense 
i have untangled the leaf necklace -- all by myself -- so there 
"i really, really need to get used to eating and sleeping "
"i think i know what i want to do after i graduate -- and it's a huge surprise, and it might not work "
i will have the perfect schedule next semester  i'm only thirteenth on the waitlist
keep your hat on 
"vendela\ <propfemale> is coming to odyssey bookshop "
the top keeps spinning    we never see it fall   
eating all sorts of leaves    <propmale> salad 
for my birthday i want a billion megapixels
for my birthday i want fun  that's all 
"i'm spending the weekend before my 21st watching \peanuts\"" and learning how to ride a bike"""
i found my window necklace!!!!! easily my favorite thing i did today  now i just have to find my purple sweater 
"yay, yay, yay ca has cred again"
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone!"
back in nyc  oy gefilte fish 
do not worry  everything is going to be juuuust kickass 
does anyone know when the org fair is? i can't find it on the site
i want to digitize our style guide 
speakers are better than air conditioning 
i have to focus now and it totally sucks 
"yaaaaay, that actually went quite well! i can breathe now and even get starbucks "
is the proud owner of <propfemale> glasses 
"was in mystic, ct today -- on a mothaf*ckn boat!"
my registration woes are gone and everything is going to be finetastic 
tomorrow i get to be in high school for a day    how to make the most of this opportunity?
"homework, meals, strategic planning  i've got this all under control "
"yay, you guys  yay "
did i we just get elfed???
i love my postcard  happy senior year yea!
"whirlwinds sweep in circulation, masses sidle forth to meet   "
is having wonderful problems 
good to know i'm not the only one with a <propmale> beale complex 
freak niche = new band
"is that vodka cranberry? no, it's a vodka pomegranate-blueberry "
"despite everything, people are awesome"
ummmmmm  carrel  still drunk 
"if anyone wants to take a break from studying to help me add all these names to section lists, i'll be in 324 for quite a while   "
i want an oratorasaurus 
today is going to be the greatest ever 
"i have 35:55s of footage for all you douchebags who missed today  (that word does not apply to anyone with a valid excuse, e g  work obligations or broken bones )"
life can be as simple as politics hw and a chocolate cookie 
"omg life, slow down "
why am i physically incapable of sleep 
i might not be the healthiest person right now but my teeth are brushed and my t-shirt has <propfemale> petrillo on it 
"oh my god, ex-college dems  stop e-mailing me "
i am now in a homework trance
are you kidding me
everything is about to get sane 
what the fucking hell 
yeah competence!
if you see my glasses please call me  errrgh 
"it's thursday night and i have a paper on medieval alliteration, design training and a backlog of logistical problems to tackle  ok, let's watch \glee \"""""
what can i say    it's a trigger 
i have a cold  my face hurts 
i found my tortoiseshell frames and gave them a kiss
not sure if i want to see the fb movie  i'm not usually a big fan of lies 
"just realized arnie is going to sing \bizarre love triangle\"" at some point  his voice is perfect for it """
i'm getting out of here in like ten seconds  really 
"i wonder if i am dumb enough to stay up watching \alice's restaurant\"" tonight  i really hope not  but then again   """
i just hope that's the last thing we have to add to the wall of deterrence  ever 
shit happens  the perennial question: why?
"anyone willing to drive me and <propfemale> gass up from <propmale> international on wednesday around 5pm, let me know! will reimburse for gas "
lol vegas night 
"it seems to me you live your life like a candle in the wind, fyi "
"found my phone in the box with my \guess who\"" board game  nice """
"goodnight, my poor tired brain "
needs a safety valve 
"is talking too much and wasting so much time, it is bad "
is going to hampshire halloween 
and now it is library time 
asdfghjk i came here to eat peanuts  i got stuck with an ethical dilemma 
no more words  no more thinking  just ramen if i can find a nickel 
everyone has gone out of their minds  thanks 
is librarying
needs a corkscrew   
being an adult is like the daft punk song -- it's harder but it's better
dooooooone  omg srsly  you would not believe if i told you 
"omg, <propmale> is dating the singing <propmale> potter  omg  it's like the lonely island all over again   sad  but good for him "
had a weird dream that i went to witch school 
he was spotted by the paintings on the third floor! the dogs playing poker peed on the carpet! the screaming man has never looked more terrified! it took the entire last supper to calm him down!
dreamt i got a text from someone named <propfemale> povde asking if she could do a spread on american airlines  wtf? i don't know any <propfemale> povdes 
"some sad bitch stole our \help wanted\"" sign  i am not demoralized """
nursing an e playful loding head in the libe  welcome to join 
"i officially have 10,000 unread e-mails!!!!! woohoo party!!!!"
"if you are around and happen to share my bleak intj worldview, i'll be doing my application essays today  join me if you like "
triiiiiite triiiiite triiiite triiiiiite triiiite triiiite hopelessly trite 
one assignment left  let's do it later 
"apparently, i'm done  but nothing is ever done "
baaack
allow me to be a complete simpleton: obviously you'll get stuxnet if you're only using windows   
everything happened today  i even made a salad with lox 
thursday is over  not friggin bad!
franky + grace + <propmale> + alo = best besties ever 
looking forward to another semester of perfectionism-fed delirium! everyone is going to find me a singular kind of insane this spring  yay!
my head is thumping eerily and i'm surrounded by crazed people 
i'm going to bed because i suck 
just sent it  first e-mail of this project  we've officially begun 
mini's gay
"oh, come on people  am i the last person on earth who watches (illicit livestreams of) tv? mini is so gay "
"with the exception of the lines he's forced to recite, <propmale> criss is the only thing that makes glee watchable "
"this entire week is going to be completely, obnoxiously insane "
everything is slightly dumb at the moment 
"in spite of it all, i will miss this "
that actually sorted itself out  in a twisted way that shows me just how much needs to be changed 
"we are now in the newsroom holding our open house  everyone, come "
my life is relatively very nice 
"can't think of a status update that's not passive aggressive, self-pitying or alarming  so    <propfirst> bieber "
good  now i can sleep 
just failed at napping  again 
"\i just hope those assholes realize i haven't complained about them once\"""""
so <propfemale> holiday went to a women's college  this makes my day marginally better 
"i now have a decision to make  well, a few "
"unless someone thinks of a better idea, i am definitely going to be in nyc next year "
by which i mean that i got into the grad schools  honestly 
positive thought #1: a lesser known side effect of sleep deprivation is short-term euphoria 
"sometimes, the thing you least want to do is the thing you most want to do, if that makes any sense  or maybe \you want to do the stupid thing\"" is more apt """
"i closed my eyes for two hours and then opened them, and for some reason, i was still tired  this is not fair  i'm so much better when i feel like a person "
yaaaayyy  twenty-five pages of dreck literally about dreck  my lot is improving 
"10 years from now, we'll have fewer fuck-ups and a permanent ____  pretend i'm not talking about this on my fb  i'm just saying, everything is a process "
