1a2da2dcb7c59e2d67edb39abd605ff8
countin down the days to graduation    seems kind of sad that its almost over
only in michigan is it warm one day and snowing the next!
little late but happy kansas lost
if only life were a little more simpler  back to the days when school wasnt so stupid
"i want to be the one you run to, the one who isn’t going to hurt you"
"i want to tell you my head is filled with things to say when you're here all those words, they seem to slip away"
bring on the vols  go state!!!
"you'll be thinking of me, somehow i will know someday when i'm lonely, wishing you weren't so far away, then i will remember things we said today "
go state!!!!!!!!!!!!!
spartans in the final four  go baylor!!!!!!!
marchin' to indy  goin for another national title  go spartans!!!!!!!!!
it matters not  who you love? where you love? why you love? when you love? or how you love? it matters only that you love 
"i think about you night and day, i need you and it's true  when i think about you, i can say, i'm never, never, never, never blue "
"i intend to live forever  so far, so good "
go state!!!!!! in like 4 hours
"when i see you i just dont know what to say, i'd like to be with you every hour of the day, so if you want me, just like i need you, you know what to do "
"if the rain comes they run and hide their heads  they might as well be dead  if the rain comes, if the rain comes "
laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live 
"love me while you can, before i'm a dead old man, a lifetime is so short, a new one can't be bought, but what you've got means such a lot to me"
all you need is love
"\what's the worst that can happen? a tidal wave? glaciers with guns?\"""""
"if the sun refused to shine, i would still be loving you  when mountains crumble to the sea, there would still be you and me "
is in love with hawaiian punch
no guy is worth your tears & the ones who are won’t make you cry 
one of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't say 
love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning 
"in order to be someone, you must first be yourself "
behind every successful man is a surprised woman 
you don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are 
"the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart "
love is not finding someone to live with  it is finding someone you can’t live without 
"you really know you love someone when all you want is for them to be happy, even if that means that you are not a part of it "
"don't frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile "
"thank u johan franzen, thanks wings at least we didnt get swept"
what a terrible day outside  hate michigan right now
happy mothers day to all of the mothers in the world
loves being a senior  14 days left  smile 
"this is a smoke detector  \does that detect any type of smoke?"
"what is wrong with you? were you dropped on your head?\yes, i was  and up until now, everyone had the good grace not to mention it "
"hey, i'll go spy on them, i just gotta run home real quick and change into my ninja outfit "
"i see you got fat  \i see you still look like a fifteen year old girl, but not hot "
13 days  smile 
"if you love somebody, set them free  if they return, they were always yours  if they don't, they never were "
those who criticize our generation forget who raised it 
10 days  smile 
thinks only the good do die too young
seniors 2010!!!!!!
6 days  smile )))
happy birthday pacman  smile )
wants a job!!!!
5 days of high school left!!!!  smile 
"wonders whats with all the paragraph style \like\"" pages"""
"whenever i see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh  but then i think, what if i was an ant, and she fell on me  then it wouldn't seem quite so funny "
the road to success is always under construction 
"everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else "
there's nothing more frightening then driving with a live goddamn cougar next to you 
5 days of hhs left  smile 
4 days   well at least for seniors
3 days of high school left
hw with one day left  wtf
1 day left!!!!
"lieutenant <propfirst>, i got you some ice cream "
class of 2010!!! haha 2011 & 2012 u got school tomorrow
lakers plz beat boston
lakers!!!!!!!!!!!
hates the weather of michigan  sad 
<propmale> izzo dont leave msu
go flyers!!!!!
2010 still up while 2011 & 2012 asleep  haha!!
"are fireworks legal in mexico?\ hell, everything's legal in mexico  it's the \ american way "
fuck boston!!!
good first half for lakers  hope second half is the same
yeah lakers onto game 7
lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no longer unemployed
job training early in the a m 
spain!!!
wow work was lasting a long time!!!!!!
nite world
"i get the best feeling in the world when you say hi or smile at me, because i know that even for a second that i have crossed your mind"
wow!!! thunder how ive missed u so!!
yes i do love working @ subway!!
subway closes at 11  out of work at 12      wtf?
i still love workin @ subway!!
new car      yes!!!
out of work     but nothin to do
"i sat next to god once on the bus  he told me the meaning of life and then he gave me a pretzel \so what's the meaning of life man?\uhh yeah  i guess i should've written it down   but it was a good pretzel man "
out of work early    yes!!!!
sleepin in late on a day    mission accomplished
i love gettin out of work @ 12
workin sunday at least i got monday off
you can take the children    but you leave my monkey!!
"subway 1\gas station 0"
work at 5!!! cuz i love it
yeah go boise state!!! 17-0 over va tech
subway nightclub work at 5
the weirdest day ever!!!!!!!!!!
work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????!!!!!
8 surprise 0 am class worst idea ever!!!!!!!
there are bees in here!!!!!!
2 hours left!!!!
go state!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a trick play msu!!!!
i love canada!!!
work at tj maxx tomorrow
i wanna go home
i think ill just fall asleep at work  jk <propfemale>
wearin the visor!!!!!
boring as fuck cuz no one is here
well that was quite the nap
how bout them spartans
