3fe96b58e04b5bdf3cd1b06397f5d019
doesn't feel very well  i think it is all this heat!
is really happy things are going way better!
is really stressed about her micro  test today  sad 
is eating watermelon    still 
water is falling from the sky   
2 finals and 3 papers to go    then an 8am class to look forward to for summer ii  smile 
"is amazed that both her summer session i teachers have provided homework for the weekend, even though class ended on thursday!"
"aren't you suppose to learn the capital of bosnia in geography, not political views about global warming? augh, why are you a granola?"
doesn't like her geography class     i want to learn the capital of paraguay!!! not that monkeys are our cousins    
"has come to the decision that when she decides to have children she will send them to a private christian university, so they don't have to deal with crazy professors who believe in the big bang theory and quantum entanglement!"
augh     i can't sleep!!!
is a little stressed with the project and final that she has this week!!
doesn't like staying up late doing homework and then waking up early the next day    i need a nap!
has a lot to do before manana @ 10 am 
is loving all the rain!! it is beautiful!!!
is free from school for the next 10 days! woot!! woot!!
is thinking that today is going to be a great day   
is enjoying a wonderful day in pajamas     
is in shock that day 1 of classes and i already have so much homework!!
"loves god's timing, and the way he plans everything just right!!"
doesn't like spending her friday in the library studying!!!
i hate re-writing papers!!!!
why can't i figure out where i want to go?? augh!!!!!!!!
"i can't e playful lain it, the lovely things that you do, whatever it takes gotta make eye contact with you; it´s so contagious you got me feeling so cool, don't pass me by "
"and all of my friends who think that i'm blessed, they don't know that my head is a mess "
my poor puppy zacchaeus is sick  sad  this added stress is not appreciated or needed during finals week! augh!!!!!!!
would like to wish everyone a very happy and fruitful new year!! yay for 2011  laugh 
i think i may just be ready to join the world of technology again    one step at a time 
really doesn't like the reading material that her teachers assigned     it seems kind of boring  sad 
is happy  smile 
why do you tempt me so chocolate cupcake?
"means: she is always known as being cute, and is the basic definition of perfection  she is the most beautiful girl in the world, and is perfect in every single way "
if you think it's possible then anything is possible  but i think you're impossible! i hope you prove me wrong!!!
"dear texas, please succede from the union and become your own country where health care is not government controlled  thanks, <propfemale> and the 80% or more of americans who agree with me "
is not happy at all with all the reading she sill has to do for this semester  sad 
wants to know why learning a new language so difficult?!?!?! augh      
"dear god, you took my favorite actor <propfirst> swayze, you took my favorite actress <propfemale> fawcett, you took my favorite singer <propfirst> <propmale>  i am just letting you know my favorite president is barack obama  amen!!"
does not want to go to ethics class  sad 
is going to the galleria for a day of shopping with <propfemale>  laugh 
"does not like the last couple of weeks this semester, i anticipate very little sleep  sad "
"is reading outside and enjoying earth day, thank you lord for everything that you have given me  love "
is going to see ocean  smile   love 
is not excited for finals week and hopes it passes by quickly 
wishes she could get a couple of extra hours of sleep!!
"last day of classes    but i still have 2 finals that i have to email back by tuesday, long week  sad "
has returned home for summer break to find out that her whole family is on a diet and that all sweets have been removed from the pantry  what harm did the cookies ever do? i really really want one  sad 
"says: be a best friend, tell the truth, over use i love you! go to work, do your best, dont out smart your common sense  never let your prayin knees get lazy and love like crazy!!"
"reports that \operation crispy\"" (where i attempt to tan) was a total fail  sad """
believes she is going slightly crazy  sad 
wants to wish her mom a happy birthday!!
can not sleep and doesn't like it  sad 
has a very tough decision to make  sad 
does not like being tired  sad 
has had an amazing weekend!  laugh   love 
is thinking of someone   
thank you jesus for everything in which you have given me; not only have you provided me with my needs but everything my heart desires   love 
"'s grandmother just told her to \keep it in check\""!! hahaha    old people are so funny when they try to be cool  smile """
is happy to be at home in pj's next to <propmale> coco martinez  laugh  (tonight is a very good night) 
would like to wish a happy fathers day to all of the daddys here on facebook; especially my daddy (for being my rock and strength) as well as <propmale> d  martinez (thank you for having and raising an amazing son) 
believes that today will be a very long day   
"*looks left, looks right* then screams: \i love <propmale> coco martinez\""  laugh """
does not like the medication the doctor put her on for the next 3 weeks *it makes me dizzy*  sad 
"does not feel very good: head hurts, emptiness, and pain "
"just completed her first family introduction dinner ever! thank you for an amazing time: <propfemale> <propfirst> martinez , <propmale> d  martinez , their little ones and <propmale> coco martinez !!!  love   love "
"says to <propmale> coco martinez: be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse i love you! go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common since  never let your prayin' knees get lazy and love like crazy!!!  love   love   love "
wishes the world could be still for a moment to appreciated the blessings from our lord 
is sitting at the kitchen table with her  love  <propmale> coco martinez eating a doughnut  - yeah life is good  laugh 
"is up and walking around  laugh  surgery went great and i am thankful for all the support and <propfemale> everyone has given me, especially <propmale> coco martinez "
 sad 
just finished watching the last season of <propmale> with <propmale> coco martinez  love  what an ending  laugh 
is watching legally blond with <propmale> coco martinez   love  love  love 
is crazy in love with <propmale> coco martinez even though he stinks sometimes  laugh 
is having an amazing time in <propfirst> with <propmale> coco martinez and his family  laugh 
"does not understand how college textbooks can cost so much   sad    *don't the professors understand the statement: \poor college student\""*"""
"is wondering what type of lawyer she want to be, the type that interprets the law or manipulates it??"
omg!!! tonight i will be back in my cocobeans (<propmale> coco martinez) arms  laugh 
"would like it if father time could slow down just for a little bit!!! there seems to be way too much stuff to do and not enough time to do it  sad  \-lord please give me peace during this stressful moment!!!"
has been having a very bad night and start to her day  hopefully this will all pass quickly   sad 
"would like to thank <propmale> coco martinez , for the most amazing weekend that she has ever had in <propmale>  you are amazing cocobean and i look forward to living in the same city  love "
"abba, be my strength during these dark days  let me know everything will be alright  love "
would really appreciate it if the semester was over  laugh 
is very stressed     i honestly didn't think an annotated bibliography would take me this long to do  sad 
is excited because her cocobean (<propmale> coco martinez) is coming to <propmale> to visit her for the weekend  laugh 
is very much ready for winter break    just 1 more month to go   laugh 
does not understand why i need to do a review of literature - isn't that for english majors? i just want to be able to argue  laugh 
"is watching her boyfriend (<propmale> coco martinez) sing happy birthday to himself as he practices blowing out a candle  laugh    love  \\ps  he also claims that he is doing magic  laugh "
is excited because she only has one more class at 4 and then she is done for the week  laugh 
is going to meet up with her cocobean (<propmale> coco martinez) in san <propfirst> in a couple of hours then it is off to <propfirst> for the cute couple!!   *why is it all i feel like i do is drive??*
has realized that she really needs to brush up on her spanish  good thing for family  laugh 
"has realized that google maps is alot like the bible, it tells you which direction you should be going just minus all the metaphors  laugh "
has been looking forward to the end of the semester    but now that i have 2 papers due this week    sad 
officially hates her legislative process paper that is due today at 7!!
is working on her reviews for finals!!!!
would really like to skip finals week  laugh 
"does not feel to good right now  sad \why must i be sick before finals"
"is free to enjoy her winter break  laugh \time to snuggle up with cocobean  love "
is so excited to go see her  love  <propmale> coco martinez recieve his diploma today! i am so proud of you baby   laugh 
really should be asleep even more since she is going to have a long day manana  sad 
omg!!! one of my classes requires 7 books!!!
lights are out    thank you jesus for my handy reading light  laugh 
"has way too much packing to do again, must be back in <propmale> by friday  laugh   yay for a new semester!!!"
has finally moved into her new place and is very excited to start the semester  laugh  i believe i will reward myself for a job well done with chinese food!
