c306a7a776b0ec6b3b84449a3f35a26a
happy new years everyone!
not feeling well     sad 
"so today, i'm a pink leopard named itchy!  sad   *sighs*"
"unwell and unhappy    just want to go back home to my beloved, and the annoying <propfemale>  *sighs*  sad "
"well i found a new online game i just love  evony is pretty neat    you get 7days to improve a city, get military together, and make alliances    after that you can get attacked by or attack other cities  it's a grand scale chess game if you will    but w"
"i've been getting too much into the uhc subject  i'm so against it because i know what it will be like, but i keep hearing liberals say how great it will be  it's already in force with medicaid, and they can't even make that work right  if you can't make "
"it's strange    why are some people so irrational? they disrespect another person, then feel like they got injured, and totally snap, leaving the actual injured party feeling like 'wtf just happened?' very sad that some people treat a supposed loved one so badly and instead of calling to apologize for their wrong, they call only to make it worse by repeating those hurtful words   *sighs*"
why are men so difficult!  playful 
for those of you that care    happy half-way to st  <propfirst>'s day!
one minute he's so affectionate    the next he sticks his claws into you for attention    why is my cat such a drama <propfemale>?  playful 
is missing her dearest     sad   *sighs*
shaking terribly    nervous shock    hoping tomorrow will be a better day  *sighs*
"so you all know that i have a cat    well funny thing is that <propmale> turned out to be a girl    how you say? i'm not quite sure, but she even had the vet fooled  naughty girl!  playful  anyway, her name is now <propmale> (but now pronounced mo-zee) <propfemale> gray    as <propfemale> gray was the name we gave her before she started 'looking like a man ' lol"
"it's monday, and i'm so happy! just five more days, yay!  smile "
oh this is funny    i have a news feed from oct 17 that just jumped to the most recent updates    above the ones for today  what is wrong with facebook?
take a moment today to remember all those veterans old and new who make our freedom possible    if your near one give them a big hug and thank you! happy veteran's day!  smile 
is anyone else having trouble accepting fb gifts from apps? every time i click accept it puts it under ignore    too weird?  sad 
"when doing your christmas cards this year, take one card and send it to this address: a recovering american soldier c o <propfirst> <propmale> army medical center 6900 <propfemale> avenue, nw washington , d c  20307-5001  think of how many cards these wonderful people who have sacrificed so much would get  please re-post!  smile "
"happy thanksgiving to everyone! eat and drink (but not too much,) have lots of fun with your families and be thankful    laugh, be happy and even merrier today    *hugs*"
so my household is sick now    but we will get better soon thanks to the soupy goodness a dear friend brought over   smile 
 sad  i've got a fever   
my crazy cat is driving me up the wall!  playful 
<propfemale> christmas to all    and to all a wonderful day!  smile 
"so i'm still sick here    watching fantasia 2000 but only cause it's what my little <propfemale> wanted to see  she loves looking at the pictures, staring at the tv like a 2yr old    lol   playful "
sick at home    cold got worse and i feel like my right side is heavy for me  i just wish it was much warmer outside so i wouldn't feel so cold inside   sad 
"attention miami people: large truck that will be on the corner of 1st & <propmale> beginning at 6 surprise 0 pm today and will be there 24 7 until it is filled  items most needed: blankets, tents, batteries, candles, clothing, medicine and canned food  please repost!!"
"some people are beyond hope    they throw poo at it and get angry at the giver, not realizing that it comes from someone who understands, who comes from the same corner and wants to share the hope that was given to them  i do not understand people, but now i do understand why some people don't get what they want  (btw, this has nothing to do with politics )"
"being sick is no fun at all, but what's worse is when you get better only to get sick again   sad "
"tylenol, what a miracle drug you are  keeping fevers at bay, while i will the hours away    sleeping  but not another word, as my throat is quite raw and my head flushed warm by this delirium  blessed is god for giving us such a <propmale> to rid of the turmoil, this unrest with such a little pill as thee is "
feeling better but still pretty sick    i hope everyone else is fairing better than me   surprise ]
"so i'm finally awake from such a long and strange sleep  god i hate being sick, sleeping from night to late afternoon, eating crap, and taking meds  not my day of fun    at least coughing is at a minimal   sad "
why is it that the very thing to make you well can make you feel more sick than you are? *sighs*
"yay! the saints won, horay for the underdog!  surprise )"
i have spent the past few days looking up family history and filling my family tree   surprise ]
"so now colored peeps come in green and orange    i feel that soon they'll run out of colors and start on flavors   playful  just imagine, an orangy tasting peeps!  wink "
i just want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes! they've made me smile     surprise )
got a horrible headache now!  sad 
"ok, who wants to go see the 'sorcerer's apprentice' on june 16? (i will be in miami that day )"
"sick today, still    damn i hate sneezing! but at least my throat isn't as sore, just dry and a little painful when i swallow  i have finished a whole bottle of lemonade and of soda, and a half gallon of cold water in just 3 days  \\anyway, i'm off to finish a artistic challenge that could possibly get me strangled by my sister if it doesn't come out right  wish me lots of luck!"
my head feels like a stuffed balloon!  sad 
"on a philosophical note annoyed \so, according to dovid krafchow author of kabbalistic tarot, the thousand years of peace that man (humans) will enter is called \the thousand years of woman \"""""
"*huffs*\i've got a headache, but unfortunately 'problems' don't care! :-["
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live    repost this if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this  ? ~  smile "
"my cat is watching racing stripes, to my amazement  who knew she loves horses and zebras  ;p"
knitting a scarf today    anyone need one? ;p
"\let's have a bite!\""  wink """
i am missing the <propmale>    badly!  sad 
"i want to send a shout out to all the past, present, and future veterans out there, \thank you for your sacrifices and keeping our nation a free and wonderful place to live!\"" \",c306a7a776b0ec6b3b84449a3f35a26a,my cat was obviously made for me    she loves watching old <propfemale> hepburn movies as much as i do!  smile 
"just listened to an awesome band    signal2 you rock! \ laugh "
"wii    a wonderful little device that is allowing me to watch ponyo for the first time  yay!\ smile "
"i had left for a while    i will try not to be gone too long again, otherwise farmville takes over my pages  strange for a game i liked and played i feel it is possibly time to delete it's posting abilities  i have no choice as this is supposed to be about me, and not silly farmville!\*annoyed* \  annoyed "
lets see how creative my facebook friends are! leave me a one word comment that describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be one word     then copy and paste this to yr wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy! you will spoil all the fun  laugh 
"so went to the gallery yesterday, and i hated my entry! god i'm like every other artist huh    *sighs*"
i can not wait! sushi in about an hour from now    yahoo!!!  laugh 
