402249006d5732aff79b25b4ed9ccec5
is so not excited about going back to school  sad 
just got a haircut   looks really short
the rain is so calming    smile 
i made it the first week of school!   ugh more to come
writing a stupid essay for mrs  branch
ugh im sick   sad 
loving the great weather!
home sweet home
well well another week of school ahead of me   blah
a rocket to the <propfemale> was amazing!
had an eventful day
"\you could be the best for me but im the worst for you   \"" -artm"""
cant wait to ice skate  lol
ready to do something exciting!
happy thanksgiving!  smile 
eagles win!!! 20-17 in a 3rd overtime  amazing!
suppose to do doing homework  i get distracted to easy c:
excited for christmas break!!! c:
hanging out with my crazy friends <propfemale> and snook
off to work   again
is gonna go celebrate her big brothers 25th birthday to night!
<propfemale> christmas!!!  smile 
is so happy that she doesnt have to work today!
tonight will be insane  smile 
headed to <propmale> world  smile 
applying to college  smile 
had a great day playing in the snow  smile 
counting the days til spring break!!!!  smile 
its raining its pouring   i  love  the rain  smile 
just got home from a 10hr shift    shoot me 
does anyone know the graduation test schedule for the non test takers?  wink 
spring break is finally here!
having fun in destin!!! about to go parasailing  smile 
home sweet home! got back from destin today   smile 
ready for the weekend  smile 
is on the stupid bus headed to the bodies musuem for the 2nd time    yippee
so glad that tomo is friday!  smile 
ready for bearstock  smile 
is so not excited for the new schedule this week    3 hrs in math  sad 
can't believe graduation is coming up in less than a month
"can't wait for bed! sooo sleepy \ """
so ready for school to be over with!
oh how great it is that we dont have school today!  smile 
just got back from hanging with <propfemale> like the good ole days  smile 
anyone up for extreme truth or dare?
yay graduation day!!!
doesnt even feel like i just graduated   lol
summer  smile 
mellow mushroom at 630  smile 
can't wait for some adventures     smile 
happy to be off work  smile 
can't wait for work to be over with!
<propfirst> is so annoying!
<propfemale> <propfemale>!
wants to swim really bad!
hmm does anyone know of places that are hiring?
registered for classes today!  smile 
going to take my niece and nephew to see toy story 3!
excited for white waters  smile 
going to vector training for my new job tomo  smile 
"training went pretty well today,,,tomo again at 10!"
i just quit my job of 2 days   freedom!!
gonna have a relaxing day tomo  smile 
going to atlanta tomo  smile 
heading back to wr soon
looking forward to warped tour 2010! woot woot  smile 
about to give some blood! o o
happy 4th   had a good day  smile 
just had interview with sears  smile 
cant wait for the maines new cd to come out!  smile 
"you should totally check out the maines new song \right girl\"" its amazing!"""
about to head off to work! come visit me! c:
cant wait for my toms!!!  smile 
i meant i cant wait for my toms- the shoes  playful 
getting the new the maine cd tomo!!!  smile 
the maine has my  love 
just finshed hitting some tennis with <propfemale> <propmale>
gonna go see eclipse today  hope its good!
went running at the park with <propfemale> spires
today is going to be a good day  smile 
i love the rain  smile 
boys are <propfemale> hard to understand  annoyed 
make everyday count like it was your last day  smile 
just got back from macon with <propfemale> ferguson
bought my warped tour ticket today!!!  smile 
"<propfirst> snook, i win!  smile "
cant wait for tomorrow!!! im gonna get warped!  smile 
"warped tour was amazing, memories made that i will never forget  smile "
gonna shop it up tomo!! whoo!
im looking for excitment!!!
rain rain go away!
<propfirst> snook is the greatest! thx for the drugs  smile 
"reality is kicking in and it really sucks \ """
just got a new phone and i absolutely love it!
this week has flown by sooo fast    cant believe im about to start college monday!
had a great first day of college!!!  smile 
has the most amazing sister in the whole wide world! she got me a <propfirst>!  smile 
oh how i wish i could just get as faraway from <propmale> robins as possible  this town blows 
early class tomorrow better go to sleep early   night!
had a wonderful birthday! thanks for all the birthday wishe  smile 
so ready for tonight    its gonna be a wild one!  smile 
man firemen are so hot!
my class got cancelled  smile 
sitting in the library    its too quiet
only one class tomorrow and no work   gonna be a good day!  smile 
gonna be a good night  smile 
those darn animal shelter commercials get me everytime  sad 
oh boy   should be doing homework for class tomorrow  facebook can be so addictive 
ugh   i can't sleep  sad  had a total of 4 hrs of sleep  gotta to go work in less than 2 hrs  i hope i'm functional 
your only young once so live it up!  smile 
feels like she aced that health test  smile 
"dissapointed that <propfirst> didn't win big brother \ """
here comes the fun!
last night was epic!  smile 
"feels like crap \ """
trying to decide if i should keep growing my hair out or cut it short   hm decisions   decisions
thanks stupid macon state for giving me a freaking parking ticket just for parking reversed   really?
i can't wait for the fair!!!!!  smile 
can't wait for the eagles to murder the demons tommorrow night! gonna be awesome  smile 
vanilla coke  love 
the big bang theory  smile 
of course it rains on the day i decide to wear white   just my luck
"\you could be the best for me but i'm the worst for you\"""""
"does not wanna go to work today   weather is making me lazy \ """
is so looking forward to this weekend  smile 
some people can be so immature!!!
the weekend has offically started   let's party!  smile 
woo! finally got caught up on my sleep   had 12 amazing hrs of it last night  smile 
"couldnt be more proud of my volleyball girls, went the entire season undefeated!!!"
thank you for those who serve our country! happy veterans day!
<propfirst> reynolds  love   smile 
loves her new northface jacket!  smile 
black friday here i come!  playful 
grr   i hate this cold weather!
that was exactly what i was afraid of    
i feel bad   i haven't even begun to go christmas shopping  sad 
geez   why must makeup cost so much!
who are you is not who you've been!
is offically finshed with one semester of college!  smile 
made the deans list  smile 
i hope everyone has a wonderful and safe christmas!  smile 
can finally relax now that christmas is over!  smile 
let's bring on the new year!
such a beautiful day!
ugh this class is going by soooo slow  sad 
got out of class a whole hr early! my day is made  smile 
yay its thursday!  smile 
"\seduction leads to destruction\"" -the maine  smile """
is waiting for a great escape!  smile 
ahhhh! i hate research papers  sad 
"i must admit, <propfirst> snook and niomi sritan yall did a good job but just remember revenge is sweet  it is on!"
i miss you each and everyday but today i miss you more than ever  r i p <propfemale> i  love  you!
