6b5687946746267c45a81b0d52e78d06
staying up for new year
happy new year!
what is the point of wanting the truth when you're going to believe only what you want to hear?
i'm good  how are you?
hi!
??????????????????????
http annoyed  www astrology-numerology com  i'm an aries capricorn  what are you?
2 days before going to <propfemale> beach!
i have nothing to do      
i'm back!
"what you should never do if there's a sedative in your body: cut yourself open thinking that it'll get the drugs out (and i mean you, <propfirst>)"
"bad <propfirst> (retinitis pigmentosa) = broken bones, comas, head injuries, internal bleeding, and wrecked cars  its going to be a while for them to recover    "
am i going in the right direction?
first im hot then im cold  wtf? am i getting sick or its the weather      
does anyone want to sign this please? www saveghostwhisperer com
"does anyone want to help? all you have to do is sign your name  they need the support \http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
"im sooo damn bored       \http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
i had this weird dream that a bomb was gonna fall so i hid under a table  bad idea     so anyway spread the word about this cuz i have nothing better to do http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com 
"no matter how big the world is we are always six degrees apart  smile \http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com \keep those signatures coming"
"td'd 9 girls  whos's gonna be number ten?\http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
"once upon a time there were eleven girls  then they met me and i terminally depressed them with my charm and popularity  the end \spread the word  http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
"http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com  spread the word \<propmale> <propmale>'s doctor is <propfemale> mckeller whos friends with cardiologist <propfirst> <propmale> whos patient is <propfemale> asher whos sister is <propfemale> asher whos a student of <propfirst> finnigan  will <propmale> and finn ever meet on a personal level       "
"http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com  keep spreading the word\me cant wait for summer to come"
"if you found out you are going to have a retarded kid would you get an abortion? (maybe?)\http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
still need signatures  http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com 
"damn im getting killed out here  is it really that violent over there? oh well since the economy has gone straight to hell get their jobs back cuz they need them and want them \http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
"bye fairfax for good  i won't be here next year but in connecticut   sad \keep spreading the word  they want their jobs back \http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
"has problems with attacking and slapping herself along with destroying over 80 people with her charm, popularity, and style  and wants to keep spreading the word \http annoyed  www saveghostwhisperer com "
i went to the doctor yesterday and they said i'm doing good and lost some weight but haven't grown since my last visit so they're putting me on calcium supplements  is it normal for a fifteen year old to be as tall as she was a year ago?
so this is what i get for not drinking milk      calcium supplements  no wonder <propfirst> sou is taller than me now  i'm shorter than my eleven year old sister now 
"http annoyed  www petitionspot com petitions ghostwhisperer\http annoyed  tvseriesfinale com tv-show ghost-whisperer-petition "
"spread the word \http annoyed  tvseriesfinale com tv-show ghost-whisperer-petition "
"http annoyed  www petitionspot com petitions ghostwhisperer\http annoyed  tvseriesfinale com tv-show ghost-whisperer-petition "
made some barrettes  when i have time i'll post pics of them so anyone can leave feedback 
okay i just posted the pics  you should be able to see it  leave feedback please  smile 
my tongue is killing me  there's a small cut on it 
watching world cup right now
"spread the word and sign\http annoyed  tvseriesfinale com tv-show ghost-whisperer-petition "
like this status if you're gonna miss me when i move next month 
moving to connecticut on the 15th  sad  like this status if you're gonna miss me 
glass door broke during yard sale and i was right below the steps when it happened 
august 15th's moving day!
"my sorority life fight statuses as of right now  \burn list gratitudes 26\fights won 5370\fights lost 532\depressions 7\girls destroyed 227"
hello  smile 
"boy: unlike you girls, men don't get periods  \girl: oh yea  wanna bet? \boy: sure  \( the girl gets a baseball bat and hits the boys \area\"" and it starts to bleed) \",6b5687946746267c45a81b0d52e7 laugh 06,"http annoyed  www petitionspot com petitions ghostwhisperer\http annoyed  tvseriesfinale com tv-show ghost-whisperer-petition  \http annoyed  www cbs com info user_services fb_global_form php\http annoyed  abc go com site contact-us"
"a boy gives a girl 10 roses, 9 real and 1 fake  and he says to the girl that he'll love her, until the last one dies "
"there are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course  even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness "
"you hate me?! wow, i didn't even know you existed   "
whenever my sister calls me fluffy i think of a dog not a fat person 
"teenager: excuse me, can i have a burger and fries to go?\librarian: this is a library \teenager  sorry  *whispers* can i please have a burger and fries to go?"
do you hate it when people judge you and act like they know what's going on in your life even though they don't and most likely never will?
don't get dumped near the gulf of mexico  they're no other fish in the sea 
"um, orange flame, when people see the word bp, they think oil spill not bbq party  and by the way do not wear an \i support bp\"" tee in public  and i head a bunch of doctors have a new game to play with you now  it's called: throw dr  flame out of the window because she needs help badly but she's to psyco to help!"""
for those who don't have anything nice to say : shut up! if it doesn't interest you just stay out of it!!!!
"don't fall in love, fall off a bridge  it probably hurts less "
facebooking and mp3ifying at the same time is harder than you think 
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
is the daily horoscope thingy stalking me or something??? it's like it knows what's going on in my life!!!
"if you love someone, put their name in a circle, not a heart  while hearts can break, circles go on forever"
today's my last day in <propfemale>!!!!!!
bye bye <propfemale>  sad 
"be kinder than necessary, because everyone you meet is fighting some sort of battle "
"you can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel "
"in the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make "
school starts tomorrow  sad 
i am strong because i am weak  i am beautiful because i know my flaws  i am a lover because i'm a fighter  i am fearless because i have been afraid  i am wise becasue i have been foolish  and i can laugh becasue i have known sadness!
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is just a sign that we have been strong for too long "
"i'm not a bitch, i just have a low tolerance for bullshit "
i may look calm but in my head i just killed you a million times 
you have haters when you know you're doing something right 
me not weird  me limited edition!  smile 
"when in doubt smile, agree, fake it and tell them what they want to hear "
"dear lord, please give me the strenght not to slap the shit out of an idiot please "
"god gave us two legs to walk wit, two hands to work with, two eyes to see, and two ears to hear  but why would he give us one heart? because there is that special person who holds the other one "
bomb threat at school  got dismissed early  not really sure what happened 
"fake hair, fake nails, fake tan, fake boobs    girl, are you sure you weren't made in <propfemale>?"
"people change, things go wrong, shit happens but life goes on "
"i believe everything happens for a reason  people change so you can learn how to let go  things go wrong, so that you appreciate them when theyre right  and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together"
"you can spend, minutes, hours, days, weeks or even months over-analyzing a situation trying to put the pieces together, justifying what couldve, wouldve happened - or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move on"
another fucking bomb threat  seriously people?? three hours in the fucking cold  now i have a massive headache and still thawing out my body  sad 
i actually miss it when people complain about why i'm so damn perfect even though i'm not
no one has life handed to them on a silver platter  some of us just paint it silver to decieve people 
"another threat  come on people, this is getting old "
"i'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best "
"time is a companion that goes with us on a journey  it reminds us to <propfemale> each moment, because it will never come again  it's for sure that, what we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived "
no one seems to give a damn about anything
"if you don't like who i am then fuck you, i'm not here to please you  i'm just being me and doing the best i can do "
people can be complex  what you see may not be all you get  you may never know every single thing about your loved ones but what you do is enough and what you discover about them brings you even closer 
why is it that one minute our parents tell us to be ourselves and the next minute they tell us why can't we be like the others?
"the only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not like forcing yourself to exercise for half an hour each day even though your body still hurts like hell from yesterday's workout "
internet and tv down  sad 
14 days until christmas and btw happy birthday mom  smile 
"i'm not random, i'm just  whoa! there's a squirrel!!"
"a man asked a <propfemale> to make him a billion times smarter than any man on earth, so the <propfemale> turned him into a woman "
whoever says 'nothing is impossible' obviously never tried pushing a door that said pull   
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
"calling me fake won't make you real, calling me stupid won't make you smart, calling me weak won't make you strong, calling me ugly won't make you beautiful, calling me poor won't make you <propmale>, so why bother?"
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
snowww     smile  me likey
"\it's impossible \"" said pride  \""it's risky \"" said e playful erience  \""it's pointless \"" said reason  \""give it a try \"" whispered the heart """
there is always that one person you just want to strangle whenever you see them 
"2010 = a year full of ups and downs\please let 2011 be better    i'm tired of this rollercoaster"
last day of 2010 - you won't be missed
i'm screwed  annoyed  final draft for science fair due tomorrow and i have nothing 
a note to people constantly living in the past and bring up things that shouldn't be brought up: move on!
snow    the only time 4 inches can make a girl excited 
snow dayyy!!!
one day you will see that it all has finally come together  you will look back and laugh at what has passed and ask yourself 'how did i get through all of that?
never e playful ect anything  the second you e playful ect something you're setting yourself up
just because you know me it doesn't mean you know everything about my life so stop making things up about me 
another snow day!
"imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring "
sore body + headache = owww
studying for midterms   
snow dayyy!
midterms will start tommorrow if no storms    wish me luck
so damn cold  temp is in single digits
delay? if there is then what's the schedule is going to be?
anyone know the exam schedule?
no school for me  smile 
no school again   they better not do some pointless extension on the school year like they did last year when we had about that much snow in va
im so damn tired of shoveling all this damn snow it was ok at first but now my body hurts like hell
"anyone got a rope, gonna strangle my sister with it"
"10 men and on woman <propfemale> onto a rope for there lives  the rope can only hold 10 people go  a woman says she'll go and gives a very inspiring speech  at the end, all the men clap for her "
another snow day  at least i dont have to study for anymore midterms
"we had different meanings of forever, we had different meanings of love, i guess in the end the only meaning we shared was goodbye"
"the cause of all of this snow = <propmale> iceburgs melting up north\blame global warming"
the true meaning of the word h a t e r s    having anger towards everyone reaching success!!
spent the last few days knitting and made two tops  hands need to rest but im not stopping yet   sorry hands
"2 tips to lose weight \1  burn at least 150 calories on the tredmill in under 30 minutes at a fast speed daily\2  eat at least a teaspoon of peanut butter daily\(tried it last week and it seems to be working)"
i just said knitting needles make good weapons and my sister said she hopes i get killed by one  wtf??
"sometimes i just want to close my eyes, spread my arms out, and fall back off a <propmale>, and see who in my life cares enough to reach out and grab my hand "
is it just me or this week is going by so slowly?
"some people see mistakes as a bad thing but i see them as stepping stones that have to be taken, because the people that truly matter will be there at the end "
hate chemistry   i dont understand the lab  sad 
happy valentines day everyone!!!!!!
"call me a slut, call me a whore if you don't like me there's the door  call me anorexic, call me fat i can put on or i can lose that  call me annoying, call me dumb excuse me miss; but i'm having fun  call me a flirt, call me fake that's just me, so give it a break  call me weird, a nerd & a geek call me what you want, i'm just unique  ?"
"if i sleep to much, my parents complain \if i don't get enough sleep, my parents complain \if i eat too much, my parents complain \if i don't eat enough, my parents complain  \if i'm always in my room, my parents complain \if i go out too much, my parents complain  \\i can't win "
on the outside i look calm but in my head i'm carrying an extra pointy knife
"imagine waking up     as a baby, and your whole life was just a dream"
"a brunette goes to the doctor and tells him that she is hurting all over her body  to show what she means she touches her arm and screams then does the same thing to her knee  then the doctor asks if she is a natural blonde  she asks how did you know? and he says lucky guess, your finger is broken "
"grrr   my sisters acting like a bitch    need a rope, metal bat, anything to shut her up"
"blonde: look! you can get a laptop here for four dollars!\brunette: what?\blonde: yeah! and it's even big!\brunette: we're at mcdonald's  they don't sell computers \blonde: yes they do! check the menu! big <propmale> - $4 \brunette:         "
"if people can be annoyed to death, i would have died years ago "
"i say my opinion, so i'm a bitch  i'm not a size two, so i'm fat  i study for tests so i'm a nerd  i make mistakes so i'm stupid  i'm not athletic so i'm lazy  i wear makeup so i'm fake  i try to make people happy so i'm a pushover  i say i'm fine when i'n not so i'm a liar  no one deserves to be labeled  repost if you agree!"
"before marriage-\boy: i have been waiting for this day \girl: do u want me to leave??\boy: no!!!!\girl: do u love me?\boy: of course\girl: will u ever cheat on me??\boy: never in my life\girl: will u ever kiss me?\boy: every <propmale> i get\girl: will u hit me??\boy: are u crazzy  !\girl: can i trust u??\boy: yes  !!\girl: sweet heart  !\-after marriage-\(now read from bottom to top)"
"\uh   \""\",6b5687946746267c45a81b0d52e7 laugh 06,"boy: the good thing about guys is that they never get their period \girl: oh really? wanna bet?\boy: you're on \*girl smacks baseball bat on his penis and it starts to bleed*\girl: haha you got your man period!!!"
"i watch what i eat, burned about 150-200 calories daily in exercise, and dropped a pant size but i still find myself wanting to fucking smash the damn scale every time it shows my weight  sad "
damn facebook mobile isnt working right  cant click on anything or post anything without being redirected to home <propfemale>
"you ask for a one thing, she gives you a whole set \you ask for a phone, she gives you unlimited text \you ask for an mp3 player, she gives you an e playful ensive one \you ask for help for one thing, she'll help with everything \you say you don't want anything, she'll give you something anyway \like if you have a mom like this  smile "
"seriously, why do some people act like it's a bad thing to try to look decent? excuse me for caring about what i look or dress like "
the girl you just called fat? she's starved herself & lost 30 lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies 4 hours a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is already abused enough at home  there's more to people than you think  like this if your against bullying 
sweet sixteen!!!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! love you all  love 
testing     
"blond: will my laptop get heavier when i put more files in it?\brunette:      "
"that boy doing his homework in homeroom? he couldn’t do it last night because he was too busy talking his best friend out of suicide  that girl, with her face caked in make up? she’s bullied, she needs to feel beautiful  see him, the one who wears long sleeves everyday? he covers his arms to hide the scars  see her, with the cheap, hand-me-down clothes? her family can’t afford food for half the month "
"that awkward moment if <propfemale> black couldn't get a seat in a car, cause it just so happened to be a 2 seated car "
fml
should i be offended if my sister constantly tells me that i deserve to die or kill myself?
she is not a slut  she was raped  he isn't oversensitive  he gets beaten by his dad  he isn't ugly  he got his scars fighting for our country  she isn't fat  she has a medical condition  she isn't a bitch  she's tired of being verbally abused by her peers  he's not a slacker  he couldn't finish his homework because he was with his dying mom  don't judge  you have no clue what's going on with someone 
i think i might be starting to have allergies     
"if you could read my mind, you would need therapy "
the true meaning of the word h a t e r s    having anger towards everyone reaching success!!
"there are 3 kids named nobody, somebody and crazy  one day, an accident happened and crazy was running like hell until crazy reached the police station  crazy: somebody killed nobody!!! police: are you crazy?!?!?! crazy: yesss!!!!"
"happy mother's day!! love you, mom  love "
