5edacc19360d79a69ad104dfe642ce86
is pissed with my annoying mom 
is sorry that he hasn't gotten on face book in a month  also happy that the rest of his summer is free to <propfemale> with friends now that volunteering at the museaum of life and science is over 
"i wondering why the heck everyone misses <propfirst> <propmale> so much now that hes dead  i'm sorry but i don't really care that some 50 something, <propmale>, gender confused, racialy confused, child molesting weirdo living on the other side of the country that i do"
just thought of something embarasing and cant get it out of his head 
"ya know, i used to not finish my sentences, but now i"
"ya know, i used to not finish my sentences, but now i"
is done with 4 hours of homework 
is wondering what kind of jerk talks during the moment of silence honoring the victims of 9 11 at school 
"had a crazy substitute today  an 83 year old woman who yells at a random student ever 4 or 5 minutes  most common screams are \stop turnin around and ginnin!!!!!!!!\"""""
"is feeling better, i doubt i had swine flu  at least i got off of school!"
"im back guys, there was no internet at my grandfathers farm when i went there for christmas, did you miss me?"
"is annoyed that school is off on wednsday, is starting to get cabin fever "
"nevermind actually, i get to <propfemale> out with my dad who is off work tomorro "
"saw inception the other day, i had to spin a top when i got home just to be sure i wasnt dreaming  man that movie was trippy "
"is on his vacation to charletsville, just saw <propfirst> jeffersons mansion  been awihle since i have been on a house tour, not as boring as i remembered "
now we are in frontroyal  just got roomservise at the hiliday inn  took forever to convince my mom just this once 
is at front <propmale>  just convined my mom to let us have room service at the holiday inn for breakfast  is then going to e playful lore some caves today 
"my and my family went to a diner yesterday for lunch and there were 5 black suvs outside and a bunch of cia guys out front  apparently ther was a vip inside and we all had to be scanned with a metal detector  turns out it was <propfemale> obama!!!!! song story short me and my family sat 10 feet away from the first lady, she even waved and smiled at us!"
"my and my family went to a diner yesterday for lunch and there were 5 black suvs outside and a bunch of cia guys out front  apparently ther was a vip inside and we all had to be scanned with a metal detector  turns out it was <propfemale> obama!!!!! song story short me and my family sat 10 feet away from the first lady, she even waved and smiled at us!"
"here is my schedual for for first semester\astronomy                    rm224\digital electronics     rm170\us history honors       rm231\creative writing          rm111\\please comment below wether or not you have any of the same classes or lunch as i do "
is happy it is a half day  got to eat at chick fil wid friends
"is working to get all the music he lost when itunes wiped it off for no reason  man itunes are such jerks for doin that kind of stuff just for sinking your ipod, with no warning  arg!"
is gonna have a airsoft fight this weekend  anyone interested?
list your favorit e cheesy action movie lines bellow
has a bad cold
is thinking about learning how to skateboard 
is finally getting his class ring on tuesday 
just spent 2 hours straight trying to do an <propfirst> on a skateboard  my legs r killing me!
just became his little sisters hero by convincing mom to let her play with a giant inflatable turtle in the house  lets see flannery top that  smile 
i finally apreciate all the lazy kids who don't study for exams and have to retake them 5 times and then get automatically passed by dps so they can get more funding to waste on the same kids who don't want an education and drop out of school anyway  thanks to them we get a week off!!! you guys are so awsome!!!!
"went to the skateboard park yesterday, i busted my shins 5 times    i must be getting better  smile "
the white stripes just split up! noooooooooo
"finally knows why peopl listen to ignant rap music in the car with the base all the way up, with the windows down through a suburban neighborhood    it's sooo fun!"
