1e8812803439ba8fd595bacead7e5dc1
i think i have a b in gsp 240 
's in vegas!
"got a sunburn from the ride back to phoenix  just my arms though, and they are more tanned than my legs  go figure  also, back in phoenix "
"it's 4th of july- stay off the roads, cuz people are getting inebriated "
"has finished dresden files book #3- and man, the final fight was epic!"
's flat tire makes with the sad make   sad 
"\in the name of the pizza lord! charge!\"""""
book #4 of the dresden files has been consumed 
"transformers: robot violence was well done  it had some very intricate fight scenes that many animators choose to avoid  the writing? insipid  honestly, pretty disappointing  if they wanted it to be funny, they should've hired a better writer "
"<propmale> (with umlaut) was a riot  i laughed pretty hard throughout the entire movie  vulgar in the extreme, and not recommended for those that didn't like borat "
"i saw <propmale> potter <propfemale>  pretty cool, the movie was nice to watch  however, i wasn't amazed "
has just finished #5 of the dresden files  wow
blizzcon in a week! hoping for new diablo 3 information 
the new minkey island was total brolocaust  courtesy of vgcats
"district 9 was amazing, go watch it  warning: may make you dislike your fellow humans more than you do right now "
ps3 slim for $300? coming out in september?! i'm gonna have to double check this info   
"is procrastinating, avoiding the research paper that needs to be written and finished "
so class #4 for diablo iii is the monk!? i hope it turns out good 
"man, i love me some invader zim  just saw the season 3 christmas episode "
"finished another 2 classes  i'm positive i got an a in writing, not so sure about economics though  i'm #1 in the class, but i had a 93% before the final, and i don't think everything is graded  hope i keep my a"
physics today!
the new okami game is coming out for nintendo ds  !!! now i really need to pick one up   
also: ps3 slim for $300 as of today  i better get a tutoring position soon
did you guys hear about <propfirst> townsends ki cd? or that he's coming out with another called addicted? i didn't until just now  i'll have to invest some moonies his way 
black <propfemale> of murder is going to be in phoenix october 12
"man, i'm really good at finding things to do that aren't doing my homework   "
for the castle age friends: i still need piece #5 of the dragon slayer  help a friend out?
heroe's season premiere tonight! i'm excited
tgs this year has some pretty sweet previews of games to come  you should check out the sites that are covering it 
http annoyed  gamevideos 1up com video id 26859
i miss boba tea
by fire be purged!
3ds <propmale> doesn't like me! it's either going to get yarr'd or i'm going to have to do this homework on campus
i got a new haircut   
the men who stare at goats was funny  you folk should see it 
mmo for furrys? it's in it's beta 
"has bought torchlight and has played for a couple hours now  the game is pretty fun, especially if you like diablo 1 or 2  plus, it's only $20  it's a good deal"
the tofu is angry! http annoyed  gamevideos 1up com video id 27079
"know what sucks? when you spend an hour+ modeling a head, and you find out that your thumb drive where you saved it got wiped by the computers at school "
wonders what he should do for his birthday next weekend   
"stupid 3ds <propmale>  i finish modeling out a hand, then it freezes on me and i have to start over again  x("
"know what sucks? i just spent an hour modeling out a hand in 3ds <propmale>, and then it freezes on me and i lose the work i did  x("
i'm done! screw you 3ds <propmale>!
is gaming while waiting for the tg lunch to begin 
appreciates all of the well wishes! thanks everyone 
"just played the bayonetta demo  if you like devil may cry at all, play it  now "
"\the road\"": not so much \""cannibal thriller\"" as it was a \""starvation drama\"""""
"if there is one thing i hate about itunes, it's that i can't transfer songs i've purchased from my ipod to my computer after it's been reformatted "
just read 58 pages of failblog org   
"i just saw avatar and shelock holmes today  both of them were awesome, and worth the e playful erience "
happy yule!
finished first lord's fury today  very satisfying series
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and    are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons 
midterms this week!
go to urbandictionary com and type in ur first name  copy and past this as ur status and then put ur meaning as ur own first comment   
i've run out of stuff that allows me to procrastinate on this project   
az renaisance fair started this weekend   
finished a (relatively) difficult boggle program  yay! now for some extra features   
i hates research papers!
video game withdrawl  playful 
"not only do i have finals next week for film & lit and datastructures & <propfemale>, but i don't know what to do with my facial hair   "
"that <propfemale> person is a bot  you know, the one that is sending those advertisements to you all? block and dump it "
flying out to las vegas tomorrow evening  hope to see people this week  yay!
"one final down, one to go  then vegas!"
i'm in vegas  plans to drive out to cali and go to six flags this weekend commence tomorrow
i do  love  march and april in phoenix
"i keep talking about how cool cthulhu is, but i've never read any of h p  lovecrafts work  i picked up the necronomicon last night, and look forward to the read "
http annoyed  gamevideos 1up com video id 28300 funny god of war commercial 
"i saw avenue q live last night  it's pretty funny, and does a good job of outshining the soundtrack "
god of war 3 comes out tomorrow  i know what i'm blowing $60 on
pedometer
face-sunburns suck
"i've come into the possession of a wii, despite acknowledging that the x360 is a better investment  damn you nintendo!"
i've played two hours of god of war 3 today  i love it   love 
phanny burp
boobquake on facebook
"man, it is hard to out down changes by butcher  so awesome!"
just finished butcher's latest entry to the dresden files: changes  very awesome  just wish i didn't have to wait a year for the next entry 
got a's in my 20th century history and math for game programming classes 
"muramasa has been an amazing game  i've been playing kisuke's story on hard, and i'm on the final chapter "
"i just finished reading a knaak book  why do i keeping reading his stuff? i don't like any of it  <propmale> weeks though? awesome  i'm a third of the way through \the way of shadows\""  it's basically a novel about ninjas  his story grabs me and makes it hard to stop reading """
i need some hot currey to clear up this cold of mine 
3d <propfemale> game heroes came out today  i'm going to have to acquire it  (yay!)
i just finished the night angel trilogy  freakin' awesome 
"have you heard of a movie called \human centipede\""? a sergeon kidnaps 3 tourists and sows them together mouth-to-butt """
"i've played the first 30 minutes of 3d <propfemale> game heroes  it's pretty sweet  you have access to the character builder from the beginning of the game, and the game comes with a bunch of crazy character options (that all fit into one of the three classes)  for example, i chose to play as a mech  it isn't any larger than normal characters, but it's amusing none the less "
queso fresca: mexican bathtub cheese
to devry-phoenix: don't take any classes with <propmale> diele  he doesn't teach anything that he tests on 
got around to seeing how to train your dragon  pretty funny
e3 in a week from tomorrow (eeeeeeee!)
"so i am flying to vegas for a week, and i get in wednesday afternoon on the 16th  lemme know if & when you'd like to <propfemale> out  beware: limited mobility"
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=cwvvh0_zeli&sns=em\\hilarious  soccer + binoculars"
"i just beat the latest entry of the <propmale> of persia series  a fun game, it was worth the time i invested into it  however, it's a renter, not a buyer  it doesn't have any replay value if you beat it on it's highest difficulty setting (medium) "
thank you for assuming the party going submission position 
e3! pay attention to it  they are shipping 360 slims that have 250gb drives and built in wifi for $300  i'm going to have to pick one up now 
"i fly out to vegas today  i'm stoked, and hope to see you guys"
pro tip from my grandma: put aluminum foil around the burners on the oven  makes the mess easier to clean up later 
just watches <propfirst> darko  pretty cool movie 
i just ate lunch at the spicy pickle  awesome food 
got to see a-team yesterday  it's a decent action movie  worth catching if your action movie quota hasn't been met this summer 
"today is my last day in vegas  i fly out at 8:45  im sorry i didn't get to say high to everyone, bit i'm never a stranger and hope to visit again in 4 months or so  we'll see"
"i miss las vegas already  it's so much hotter out here in phoenix  \\also, great deals on the avatar seasons at sams club  they have them for $28 each "
"the lease has been signed and the move is complete  now, i live in tempe  i'll put up photos soonish"
just saw the last airbender  it was ok  they need to fire their martial arts consultant and work on their pacing though 
"indeed, happy independence day "
"back to school, back to school   "
day 1 of system architecture and assembler in progress   
cho aniki will evetually be released onto psn
just got borderlands for ps3 
"~3 months to go till castle crashers hits psn, if deathspank's submission and arrival on each of the console stores is any indication "
shank comes out aug  25th: must buy!
"resistance down, now for arkham asylum "
http annoyed  www teenbubblegum com legend-of-korra-the-new-avatar-series 1575 
"i just saw sorcerer's apprentice and despicable me  sorcerer's apprentice was cool, but flawed  despicable me was hilarious, and totally worth seeing "
"i got my bed today  pretty excited about it, though i need to let i e playful and before i use it "
"just beat batman:arkham asylum  one of the funnest games i've played in a while  if you haven't played it, you should really do something about it "
"enter week 2 with the new sumolounge memory foam mattress: it still smells  it was read for use within 24 hours, but the smell continues to smell after many days of airing  i have purchased a waterproof mattress cover in hopes of containing it's chemical stink  the bed is pretty firm, but comfortable  if i have to do this for all other memory foam beds i buy, then this may be the last one : p "
"i beat the first level of the <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world game  it's pretty sweet, especially if you liked the tmnt games from the 90's "
i just got out of <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world  so  freakin'  awesome  (not recommended for those prone to seizures or those who don't have a taste for the absurd)
6 gauge vinyl mattress cover > chemical preservative used in memory foam mattresses (just wash your mattress cover before you use it)
shank = 2d devil may cry  it is pretty fun  totally worth the buy
"shank single player is awesome, albeit short  just bought castle crashers (yay!), and i have started working on it "
machete tonight 
inception was epic  and excellent 
"just found out that the xbox 360 dlc for castle crashers was included for free in the ps3 release  the characters are unlocked by playing through insane mode, and the pets are up for purchase from the insane store "
do you guys remember poop dog from invader zim?
anyone know of some solid death metal bands that are produced by sony? i've got 50 free songs from them and i'm having a hard time settling 
i should probably get to work   
"taintlight is soooo bad  funny, but only if you're into bad spoof movies "
just played the vanquish demo  so sweet  check it out
i am zack2216 on xbox live  hit me up
"yar, it be the day to be talkin' like a pirate "
president's list certificate  again   
the other guys was pretty funny  i haven't seen a will ferrel movie in a while 
"make this your status if you know or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil    empire continues to kill innocent civilia   ns  93%    won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
"attention!!!!!!!!!do\ not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a \",1e8812803439ba8fd595bacead7e5dc1,"if the rain keeps up like this, we're going to flood in central phoenix "
"so, traffic was bad all around due to inclement weather  home safe despite either"
just got done with my first game of frisbee golf  pretty fun
"just saw \easy a \"" pretty funny spin on classic high school drama  it's worth seeing """
procrastinating on facebook   
luffy is so awesome 
i think i'm going to have to acquire mr some muse   
it's <propmale> potter day at work  i didn't dress up   
son of a    the right bumper on my dsi broke ><
"i got my dsi back from nintendo, and it's all better!"
"just realized the other day that because i'm flying out to utah for thanksgiving, i won't be able to go tv shopping on black friday   "
flying out to ogden tomorrow for thanksgiving weekend 
"safely in ogden, hanging out with the fam "
"happy, thanksgiving?"
thanks for the well wishes guys 
thanks again everyone ^^
"<propfirst>, i caught the flu, and i blame you for inhibiting my cake consuming capabilities   playful "
"for those that didn't know, robot chicken <propfemale> wars episode 3 is premiering this sunday  sweet!"
"yay, all done for this session winter break starts now!"
"<propfirst> fullerton found that if you use heat to erase a magnetic field, he could \reprogram\"" material to have multiple north and south poles of differing strengths """
"kung fu movies i must watch: ip man, dragon tiger gate   "
<propfemale> christmas you folk 
so  many  udk  tutorials 
know what i haven't watched in a while? zero punctuation  so funny 
how bigoted do you have to be to protest the funeral of a nine year old girl because you believe that god is punishing americans for being tolerant of homosexuality?
5 day weekend and no money to travel 
kahlua + chocolate almond milk = awesome
"oh homework, how i postpone thee "
"it's official: i'm going to gdc at the beginning of march  i have an extra day  to fart around in san <propfirst>, so what should i do?"
"just beat ninja gaiden sigma on normal  not gonna play on, that game is frustrating enough as it is  terrible camera, finicky controls, and cheap bosses  i am disappointed with the last couple boss fights though  i one shot the final boss  they just weren't as broken as doku fight 2 (the ghost)  kinda feeling an rpg next "
"i'm seriously considering going on vacation to vegas next week tuesday, and staying till sunday  how's that sound to you lv folk?"
"i'm heading out to las vegas tomorrow, and i'm staying till sunday with <propmale>  let me know if and when you want to <propfemale> out "
pulse by <propfirst> giles- get it 
rolling out  keep in touch   
"just got into kingman  130 <propmale> outside of phoenix my 5th gear goes out, and i've been drivin in 4th since  i think i know what i'm going to be doing when i get to las vegas   "
omg zaba's!
just dropped the car off at a transmission shop  $285 just to look! i'm currently making my way back to <propmale>' house 
"slidin thru: awesome mini-burger shop in vegas on sunset, just ate there with <propmale>, calais, and their awesome friends <propfirst> and his gf   i had a pulled pork sandwich and s'more fries (sweet potato fries with marshmallow, chocolate syrup and crumbled <propmale> cracker  so good"
car update: i've retrieved my loot from the car and i'm abandoning it to the shop  at least i still have my motorcycle 
"\bad decisions make great stories \"" -nic butler"""
just got home ok from las vegas  now i'm about to turn around and road trip to sf 
"we're in san <propfemale>, 40 minutes away from the nintendo keynote and running late "
"day 1 of gdc went well, despite not getting to go to the nintendo keynote  the awards shows were pretty good, and the winners deserved the rewards they received  we might go to an <propmale> show tonight, since nothing is scheduled to happen after gdc's lectures and stuff end at 5 smile 0  the <propmale> show is displaying video game <propmale>, so that would be cool to see  i hope it's free   "
"day 2 of gdc was cool  <propfirst>, <propmale>, and i covered all but one final corner of the show room floor  however, we are more likely to buy things services from them than we are to get hired by them  we still haven't taken advantage of the free sessions "
ninja is so much fun!
"i'm at my first indian buffet, naan•n•curry in san <propfemale>  so good "
"the 3rd and final day of gdc has come to a close  <propfirst> won a solid state drive, and we all got another t-shirt  today is tourist day, and <propmale> and <propfirst> want to visit alcatraz  i was hoping to stop by <propmale> <propfemale>'s also  i'll have to bring up your previous suggestions to the guys for consideration "
waiting in line outside of <propmale>'s for a super <propfirst> sandwich  looks like a lounge 
"home again after a 13 hour drive  small world, but the hostel i was stating at was a block away from millennium  i didn't grab any dessert though  i'll have to remember for next year "
btbam is going to be in arizona 5 7 for their new album  must see!
i'm terribly unmotivated to do my homework right now 
