7b34928e0584b5f83b2c8ec142c56c42
most uneventful new years ever    oh well 
no doubt music is a drug    a nice good stimulant!!!
aaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh
i am so hhhap hap happy
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa im so angry
sigh  crying  im not to happy  sad  huuuuuuuuhhh
man i really don't like religion what worse invention could people possibly make
is any one else hungry till food is in front of you?
science is beast there is nothing better and if you think so you're wrong cuz science is a part of it!!  playful 
people are so different     huh who knew 
breathing would be so much easier if i were surrounded by air  
i think i might have just ate some bad carrots o well its still good for me
robot unicorns attack
at last he breaks free of the mask that held him captive wearing the skin he once feared his inner demons released  sad 
raw eggs arent that bad they just taste a little weird!  laugh 
"\two steps from hell\"" is so epic they're amazing"""
yeah 7 hours of testing that was fun but ow my ass too much sitting and i was the only sophomore in the asvab that makes me feel special  smile 
"well at least my dad doesn't try to get into my business, that would be twice as annoying cuz thats two people  d:"
who like opera cuz i do
is it just me or does nothing happen how it was planned?  sad 
yeah hmmmmmmmmm yup i wish i knew what i want but i never know what to do with it once i have it arrrgghhh
it was freezing last night!!! d:
i think i'll watch silent hill right about now hmmmmm   ?
i feel like im missing something important but i cant quite put my finger on it    o o
"this pizza is too salty    waaaait why is this pizza salty at all    pizza shouldn't be salty, i dont think i like this pizza  sad "
now where o where could mingo be?
huh im kinda tired  surprise 
im so out of it today ehhhhhhhhhhhh
i think i want to name my second male child lucifer!!!  laugh 
aaaarrrrrgggghhhh so bored and so many quizzes
i hate therapists    i don't want there help that's just ridiculous however i do like secrets and i think i'd be a good therapist if i wasn't such a <propmale>   laugh 
i feel like there's going to be changes
 sad 
huh i think i like math more than i thought
drawing is fun!!!  laugh 
anyone know where <propmale> is?
definitely been a while since i listen to slipknot    time to work out here goes!
why does everyone associate dark with cold i think dark is warm
red=~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ blue annoyed \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \\ i do like light wave lengths  ha science  laugh 
so bored no one to <propfemale> out with till 5
movies are <propmale> i like <propmale> therefor i like movies i love math if a=b and b=c then a=c
that was a hilarious cross dress movie!!!  laugh 
oh yeah church was fuuuuuuuuunn
sleeping the day away  surprise 
today was great i felt awesome!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
sewing by hand is such a good pass tome
sooooooo who wants to spar with me sometime??!!
yeah who wants to join me on some later date were we just were ridiculous make up!!! and if so post this as your status
fuck this shit!!!
am i the only person that just wants to see everyones inner demon and not there damn personality?
yes thank god i've finally finished sewing!!!  laugh 
man things in the 90's actually had a good story but now it just needs to look cool they don't know what there missing its all about the story 
who listens to heavy metal in the shower    i doooooooo  laugh 
hell yeah just got pie from the store!!!! i love pieeee!!!!!!!!!1
so i finally got my hair cut yes!!!
im soooooooo bored  sad 
new flesh is so soft i love scar tissue!!!  laugh 
hopefully i'll be able to sleep after i watch this movie and for anyone thats seen a <propfirst> lynch movie you'd understand my fear of these damn things
"that was possibly the most disturbing movie i have ever watched i mean there are scary movies, and creepy movies but there are also some bat shit insane movies and that was one of them i dont think i understood a thing that happened in it    eraser head watch it"
today was a good day  laugh 
<propfirst> scissor hands was the most adorable movie i have ever watched!!!  laugh  it was soooooooooo cute ahahahahahahahahaha  laugh 
is it just me cuz i think its funny every time someone says somethings imperfect like people    well im a person im not perfect    they could just compare it to everything else 
yeah i gunna get my sleep on!!!  laugh 
i had a good workout today except for the first 30 minutes of lifting when i was dehydrated and had a massive migraine but after i drank a gallon of water it was all good  smile 
eehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i'm so very bland today
i love when i have a pizza to myself  laugh 
hell yeah cthulhu and the necronomican what could make south park any better!!!  laugh  the necronomicans in my house muhahahaha
oh god yes i love eggnog!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
oh yeah just repainted my nails (they look soooo pretty) hahahahahaha
huh i only remember the things i care about who knew but why would i want to remember that huh oh well
hot damn i love asian food!!!  playful 
yeah <propfirst> bowie makes labyrinth an okay movie and <propmale> horror is so silly 
yeah essay time  sad 
i don't change i just become more
this is going to be a long night
if your not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you! (1)=crazy (2)=i'd date you(3)=attractive (4)=sarcastic (5)= i miss you (6)=i'd kiss you (7)= moody ( smile =smart    (9)=energetic (10)=random (11)=hot (12)=funny (13)=fit (14)=amazing (15)=tough (16)=cute
who wants to moooooooooooosshh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahahaha i feel like its gunna be a good year
oh yeah sleeeeeeeeep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh im so tired i just wanna go to sleep but i have to do homework ahhhhhhhhhh why and so much running today 
mmmmmmmm yeah <propfirst> v's is good!!!
aren't satanic bands awesome!!!!!! > laugh 
hmmm odd night
isn't it odd how fast time goes the days blend together i feel like i'm going to miss something but who knows maybe i already did 
uuuuugggggggghhhhhhhh
so i just got the worst gpa of my life oh well 3 2 isn't that bad i guess and i passed <propmale> thats a surprise d- close call   
ever get that grin that you just cant hold back and you just get that awesome feeling in your stomach in chest?   cuz i just love it!!!
don't you hate when movies have a happy ending man thats always such a buzz kill to me   
could someone please tell me what a nightmare is like!!!??????  sad  i want to know
i only have sympathy for those that aren't excepted by society 
so addiction is a beast??? i have to agree but i embrace it    
thanksgiving let us feast!!!!!!!!!
oh my lust for food is gone ive satisfied my gluttony today!!!  smile 
"is it just me or the people that make haunted houses have no idea what they're doing they should make less things pop out and just make things a genuine creepy   all they need are narrow halls, blood ,chicken fence, bad lighting, and manic-ans are always creepy"
so we selectively breed animals for a better outcome so why dont we breed people    just saying 
what a silly night that was    playful 
i don't get it what it what did i do this time to make people angry at me this time? sigh whatever not my problem 
"i'm the only person i know that connects the dots to something that happened years ago i mean come on who does that    oh thats what happened, 2 years ago, yeah cuz that makes sense to figure it out now?"
so i hear <propfirst> nielsen died   d: i thought he was invincible cuz he hasnt aged for like 30 years oh well though he was a funny guy its a shame though  84 years
do you know what sucks    slipping on the stairs
am i the only person that shows all of my emotions on laughing?
magnets are sorta like people the same things repel each other and different things attract    wooooo who new that magnets are people too!!!  playful 
the last episode of <propmale> was so cute    serial killer love is adorable!!!  laugh 
so i got out of the pool today and my hands and part of my arm was purple   hmmmmmmmmm i wonder if thats healthy
eeeehhhh eheheheheh my gums are killing me they're screaming meat i want some meat so bad so nice tough meat  crying 
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhh i hate snow
for some reason i feel like rammstein is good christmas music
i just love being happy for no reason!!!  laugh 
muhahahaha cleavers are fun!!!!!!! laugh 
awwwww how come no one wants to talk to me about there problems? < sad 
someone wanna tell me how im a creepy weirdo????
i love old people so much!!!  laugh 
i would look so much sexier without lips and cheeks    all teeth!
why is everything so fine and dandy for me i feel like nothing bad happens and im getting pissed off because of it > sad 
hot damn when there is knee deep snow in a <propmale> it all looks the same but soooooooo beautiful and really tiring to walk through    yup that was some good hunting fun!  laugh 
"people may die, empires will fall but an idea, an idea will live forever "
i hate you all
fire   walk with me
i dont get why being gay is such a big deal in politics yup cuz being gay really makes no difference in how everything is done 
effin happiness everywhere hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha mother f%ckin rainbows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
people assume way too much 
people believe the lies given to them but deny the truth   always
it's not the religion or beliefs it's the lessons and morals that matter 
hot damn i gotta stop talkin to myself he gets real annoying 
eating about 2 pounds of meat isn't as fun as it sounds especially when its <propfemale> tender uck i like tougher meat    tender meat makes me think of eating babies   i hate babies 
who likes to make people smile   i do    but not in conventional ways 
like this if you think im mentally unstable 
"my mother just admitted that my \ominous\"" presence scares her!!!  laugh """
my god i have found a new love for sound waves and frequencies!!!
and the word of the day iiiissssss   absinthe
soooooo bored
satan left gifts at my house? anywho happy anti-christ-mas day!!!
i just love anger it makes me feel soooooo good!!!!!!! > laugh 
hahahahaha prozium emotions who needs em!!!
can't see the light? embrace the darkness that surrounds you   smile 
soooooooooo bored
i don't understand how i have the ability to think my mother has absolutely no cognitive ability at all 
"there is one thing i have a problem with in the idea of heaven, doesn't anyone find it odd that the believe is if you've fought sin and <propfemale> your life that in heaven you'll get your <propfemale>s   wtf?"
thermite+napalm+ phosphorous=hell muhahahahahaha
i hate when people scream at a t v  screen while watching sports 
if you refuse to believe your religion is a cult then obviously you're unaware that it is a cult 
"aggressive people are so overrated, every one should go through life like a dream, it makes it funner  smile  !!!"
i'm so bored i wanna just rebel or something 
for some odd reason people hate the things that they are but even stranger they don't consider themselves the things they hate  everyone's in denial 
i dont hate things im bad at im just bad at things i hate 
black swan was a good movie but it felt super long for some reason 
japanese heavy metal is sooo crazy is just so ridiculous  and awesome
pretty happy about my exam grades!!!  smile 
if there is anything that t v  teaches you it's how to get away with murder
people are over rated and my imaginary friends always run away      crying  whhhhyyyyyy   why do they always run away stupid imagination 
"i hate when people fish isn't meat, and then to back it up they they say it's not cause the bible says so "
i wish my last name was spelled how it's actually pronounced cuz that'd be fun to say all the time    laugh 
so i went to the doctors today and came back with a brand new syndrome mmmmmm yeah so happy that i can put names to things!!!  raynaud's syndrome yes!!!
oh yeah no school
i think i'll have to dig out my house soon 
are we off again tomorow?
i think its safe to assume that there's school    ewwwwwww i wanna sleep
i hate when people are stupid and dont include themselves in the group that they dont like when they clearly are for example whores so many of them just think they're not whores it makes no sense to me 
i hate when people say time heals all allow me correct you (time erases all) thats how it works 
"so with a ton of luck the packers won the super bowl, but what about that half time show right  playful     p s  fergie is a man!!!"
"i hate when i accept a friend request, and then a while later i just think wait do i actually know this person or not? im never sure cuz i wonder why they sent it in the first place "
i never knew how good salsa was in the winter until today!!!
so i was looking threw a junk droor of mine and i found so many things i could've used in the past that i didnt even know i had except the thing i was looking for at the time 
why do i feel like britain has so many odd medical conditions in its population 
looks soooo gloomy outside!!!  laugh 
celtic music in english is absolutely horrible  d:
who likes latin opera? i do!!!  laugh 
i may be the only person that misses depression when it's gone 
bleh d:
i hate it when people think day time medicine keeps you awake it just doesn't make you drowsy 
"i've been feeling so euphoric lately     mmmmmm everything just seems so good all the time, but i wonder why?"
if there's anything i learned to night it's that bad things happen when you least e playful ect it  i'm talking about the fall of government of course but i guess it could fit for everything else 
aren't demonic angels the shit!!!
i hate it when i see dark shadow figures of someone thats not even there 
why cant everyone get along    scratch that why cant everyone just have an all out brawl!!!
i love milk!!!
i effin love <propfirst> sheen he is the only celebrity i respect!!! i just love that crazy bastard!!!
i hate when i find myself asking questions and no one else is there to answer 
for example if a <propfemale> is living with a pride of lions then thats one bad ass <propfemale>!!!
just because it's theoretically impossible doesn't mean it can't happen!!!  laugh 
does anyone else wonder what a gun would say if it could talk?!? o o
i need a new picture but i dont have anything to post one  smile (
i am addicted to working out!!!  laugh 
i hate when there's a good book and someones like hey everybody lets make a horrible awful movie that's loosely based on this book 
the one thing i hate about infinity is one minus infinity is still infinity    > sad 
"\howl with the wolves\"""""
everything i touch turns to dust 
"there's no time to contemplate, just devastate!"
anyone who doesn't think there a bitch or an asshole congratulations you are one and for those who say they are thumbs up for being honest 
vegetarian girls turn me off so much
i wonder how many people spiked there shamrock shake today 
just because i'm laughing it doesn't mean i thought anything was funny 
yeah my mum called me big <propfirst> this morning instead of lil <propfirst>!!!!  laugh  finally!!!
mmmmmmm i love sushi so much!!! im so full!!!
i can't wait till it's warm and it rains then i can dance in the rain wearing my boxers!!!  laugh     i love rain!!!
the heeeeeaaaat of the moment!!!
is it just me or does anyone else just love saying devil dog
woooh yeah got me a couple stitches!!!
