5e2623cfbc1fd9a24825b4a78db5d350
happy 2010 to all!!!
enjoying the hot summer weather and looking forward to my end of summer vacation    
gutted my bathroom this weekend  tonite just relaxing with some gametime 
the ny giants rock!!!
wow just caught up with an old army <propmale>    how cool is it to reconnect?  smile 
catching up with old friends and updating the 1987 class site   
happy new year everyone!!!!
waiting for some info on a new place   fingers crossed   
appendicitis is no joke  i have a new appreciation for a hot ap  never had so much pain in my life  thank god for laporoscopy cause i am back home in under 24 hrs 
feeling much better  thanks to everyone for the well wishes!
feeling good today  looking forward to a relaxing evening out 
mentally draining day  
thank you every one for the birthday wishes!!!!
"tangled within instability creeping   thoughts of  insanity; fight  within continues to grow, knocking  out true reality "
"so young and so innocent - children are amazing care free yet compassionate and kind- children are amazing from birth  to walking and finally speaking ''dada''- children are amazing enthusiastic at day, pristine at night- children are amazing"
"another wonderful day  good weather, good friends, good times  awesome "
"the egg hunt is on!! 80 eggs, 2 stories of searching  <propfemale> is so excited "
off to see clash of the titans in 3d with all 3 kids this afternoon  will be nice end to a great weekend 
looking forward to a quiet monday evening after a busy easter weekend 
debating politics and talking bout life with fb friends  thanks for all of you being out there   smile )
spending a lazy sunday at my brother <propfirst>'s beachhouse  too relaxing     
waukesha     a great place to spend a sunday
congratz on you red belt <propmale>!!
nothin better than pizza outside at little vincents 
tgif  i hope the weekend has nice weather so i can enjoy some nice outdoor time with nik and dyl   
"dinner at applebes with my mom, <propmale> and the kids   tasty "
"sleeping  late, egg sandwich with pepper <propfirst> cheese and sausage for me,  scrambles & sausage for nik & dyl, running around the back yard  playing missile tag, watching the kids team up to make a big chalk  drawing on the driveway    it's all good"
all in all a very nice weekend  hopefully this week is the week i finally close on my condo    fingers crossed    
happy 8th birthday my dearest <propfemale>!!
it's party spa day for <propfemale> and the girl crew!
off to do a condo walkthrough and then a closing  should be a good day   smile 
hot wings are gooooood     
i am once again a homeowner     what a stress relief 
time to head out and celebrate a bit   smile 
it looks like the weather is shaping up to make for a really nice day to move tomorrow  awesome 
"little vincents pizza, some time at the park  what nice evening weather to start a weekend with nik & dyl "
moving day!!!!!!!! sa-weet!!!!
buh-bye coram!
"life is quite the ride  thrilling, exasperating, joyous, painful, awesome, scary, satisfying    what a rush when you e playful erience it all in single month "
tgif    nothing else to say 
   wondering whether i should or shouldn't go to karaoke tonite   
dental work suks   
"tgif    time to kick back and enjoy a little  good friends, good food, good conversation  what more does anyone need?"
sat afternoon and just kickin back on the deck enjoying the nice weather 
"it's a keehn kinda day  burgers, then golf then dinner at the wharf in greenport  rockin f'in day "
oh why oh why can't the pool be open yet? today is just right for a swim 
silence is golden    duct tape is silver
caught 2 blues so far  really hoping to hook one for <propmale> to reel in  but he's a proud boy  wants to do everything himself  gotta love him!
oh did i mention with <propfemale> on a sleepover it's mens night out  <propmale> and i are having a blast !
so <propmale> puts a chewed up yellow skittle on the hook and catches a nice bluefish on the next cast  no help from me at all  just awesome     
shot a 109 at indian island today  had a complete blast!
let the vacationing begin!
<propfemale>    vacations go far to fast!
i'm really getting used to spending weekends at the pool when i have the kids  feels like a vacation without leaving home   smile 
so it's wednesday  just another average workday  i think i'll go take a swim in the pool and make it above average 
the weekend can't come fast enough 
just enjoyed the nicest lunch i have had in a long time  i've contracted an intractable case of the smiles   smile )
ahhh    independence day  i thank god today for allowing me to be born in the nation that holds freedom in higher regard than any other place on the planet  independence also holds a more personal note for me today as well and for it i am also glad 
on a different note    yummy is my new favorite word 
getting kids then hitting the pool     gonna be a hot one from what i can tell 
pool is packed  kids having a blast!
it may be tuesday but i have wednesday on the brain   
ahhh    wednesday  looking forward to an enjoyable evening  is is 5 oclock yet?  smile 
is content and happy 
cloud 9???      as if    i am a spinal tap kid    my cloud goes to 11   smile 
a quarter to 8 and the kids and i are swimming  gotta love the summer!
"child moment of wisdom of the day annoyed \dylan:   peas are little green balls of terror!!!!"
vacation starts now!!!!!
rain    blah! ruined my swimming plans  fingers crossed that tomorrow is nicer   smile 
it's comedy club nite!  smile 
"my face still hurts from smiling last night  to the bouncers out there who don't let people take shoes off    \screw you!!!\"""""
"nik at a party  me and <propmale> on \man time\"""""
why do i wake up earlier when i am on vacation then i do when i am working?    
hmmm    maybe a nap is in order 
the rain won't get me down today   smile 
"steak, smores, snuggling, and really good company   last night was enjoyable   laugh "
last day of 1st summer vacation with kids  next up is florida in august! just have to nurse <propfemale> back to health from swimmer's ear and a lil uri  guess it's the price you pay for so much swimming  well worth it   smile 
beautiful day for swimming  kids having fun with their buddies   smile 
"had an awesome week with the kids     but in 2hrs \daddy\"" <propmale> is off duty till monday """
last day of vacation    boo! gonna end it with some fluke fishin on the bob-o tonite with some really good company  fingers crossed for some keepers to stock the fridge with 
"no keepers but no complaints here  caught a bunch of fish and had a ton of laughs, saw a great sunset and fed some brave seagulls by hand! couldn't think of a better way to wrap up a vacation!"
"doctors with a blackberry, e-prescribe, and who just generally awesome are good to know  hopefully my sinuses clear up soon "
fighting to keep a smile and a cheery outlook until these antibiotics kick in   
time for a nice beach walk tonite    can't wait   smile 
it's all good 
it's even better  
tgif  and a beautiful one it is 
"had a wonderful day hiking in stonybrook, an awesome bbq din din and some well deserved and relaxing couch zzzs "
coffee on the patio with <propfemale>   smile  looks to be an outstanding day!
"is wiped out from a busy, fun, enjoyable weekend "
one more day till vegas   
"laughin, learning and lovin in vegas  too fun for words   smile "
13 hours of ny to pickup my babies and then a sunday flight to florida! was 110 in vegas so florida will be a walk in the park 
back in jet blue terminal    <propfemale> florida here we come!
exhausting but fun 1st day in fla  nothing like crusing 192 in a convertible mustang   smile 
wake up call at summer bay's kids water park   smile 
"110 and dry versus 85 and 100% humid  flip a coin, equally uncomfortable  good thing is i don't have to work outside in either   smile "
it's slime making time at the activity center! gooey!
kids are tiring     wish i was one  unlimited energy    
need      coffee   
just finished jet-skiing with nik and dyl  what a blast!
epcot today  have never been  hope it's good 
epcot was surprisingly good! tuckered out now 
we fished the gulf of mexico down near ft  myers today with my brother and had a complete blast! kids passed out cold on the ride back to <propmale> 
day off    to tired for anything <propmale> 
heading to blizzard beach! should be loads of wet fun!
amazing weather again  we are having the best luck! no rain all day at blizzard beach  so much fun!!
ny bound very shortly!
back to work and the daily routine    need a vacation from my vacation  lol
broadway with my girl!  smile 
hanging with my mom  she looks great! gonna get her a fb <propfemale>   smile 
it's all one big jedi mind trick   
angels do exist 
ahhhhhh   gotta love when the wekend arrives 
had a wonderful time re-connecting with family last night 
i love <propfemale> 
tgif  lookin forward to the promised nice weekend weather 
"had an awesome week of family, friends, fun, & football  back to the daily grind today  "
fantasy football draft night    bring it on!!!!
today marks two of the best months of my life  love ya t!
spongebob opposite day has a whole new meaning   lol
wow    tired just hit me like a speeding train   
"ahhhhh humpday, how i love thee  "
remember 
are you ready for some football!!!!!??????
big blue - lame green      smile 
"coffee, tea, eggs  best way to start the day   smile "
busy fun weekend is about to commence   smile 
freedom rocks concert in southold is rockin!!!!!
after a great night out with the kids and t it's football morning!! go paulie! go ny giants!!!
fresh off an awesome weekend  ready to face the work week 
some days just suck    
is killin time while <propfemale> does gymnastics
such a great weekend! only dim spot was a big blue loss     sad 
had a great time out at the pindar harvest festival with <propfemale> and all the kids!
"<propmale> <propmale> doesn't post on facebook, he posts books on your face    "
thank you <propfemale> for 3 very happy months! love you!
life = 10% action    90% reaction
hurry up and wait     thought this stopped when i got out of the army     apprently not 
football sunday!! better yet is that i get to spend it on the couch with <propfemale>!!! awesome!
"monday, monday    "
relief    $weet relief 
good day for pumpkin picking!!
i am so ready for a weekend with the best lady on the planet   smile 
watchin my son do tae kwon do  can't believe how fast he has grown up  where does the time go?
sat  mornin kid-tivities  i would like to take this opportunity to thank god for creating the coffee bean and thank the individual who figured that brewing a bean drink for breakfast was a good idea 
happy halloween everyone!!!
go red team!!! remember to do your patriotic duty and vote!!
4 months  not only has the magic not faded it has gotten more magical each day  love you t!!!
i feel good    (queue <propfirst> brown music)   
work    work     work  
new paltz on the brain    
<24 hrs till it's time to road trip it 
i'm seriously ready for some hiking 
my legs are reminding me how much i walked this weekend  was such an awesome weekend i don't mind being reminded 
had such a fun turkey day!!!
"dear god annoyed \please let the giants win today  thanks "
is it friday yet!!??
"rain rain, go away if not today then saturday "
looking forward to a nice peaceful weekend 
recovering from an awesome night  oh and subway stalked lady     leave us alone!!!!
football!!!!!!
i love ny giant football 
snow flurries this a m  love it!
big green bummer    must suck to be a jets fan today 
laundry sucks worse than a jets-pats game
when will i start feeling a little better? grrrr dang cold 
"dear g annoyed thanks for granting my lady some christmas cheer today "
the ny giants have just scored more touchdown on one drive than the ny jets have in 2 games 
it's so cold today the jets coach tripped <propmale> roker - <propmale> letterman
"so my daughter says this to me tonight, \seems like forever since i was a baby  can't even believe i was a baby  i feel like i have been a kid my whole life \"""""
"while playing scrabble t says to me  \well i thought it was a lower case l\""     lol"""
ny giants game today  hope my presence at the game will help pull big blue through!!!
it' s a good day to ne a giants fan!!!
freaking heart breaking loss    
vacation begins in 3 hours  no work til <propfirst> 3rd     woot!
<propfemale> christmas to one and all!!!
it's days like today that make paying my condo association fees so worth it! didn't even have to touch a shovel   smile 
good day for sledding!!!!
only in the nfc east can you be 10-6 and miss the playoffs    total suckage 
humpday   nuff said
let's go snow!!!! i am so ready for some more sledding!!!
seahawks winning      interesting    
jets looking good!!!
<propmale> <propfirst> is walking the talk   
