ac53fad440c7e50a969835b5fa9fdf9d
transformers 2 at 8 with <propfemale>  laugh 
all the osu fans need to quit there bitching and accept that they lost that happened saturday and im still hearing about it on the radio and televison! who cares u suck ass!!! get over it! the better team one and osu choked as usual now lick ur wounds and go beat up on ur next opponent     if u could call toledo that
usc lost to washington!!!! this makes the buckeyes look even worse!!!!  laugh !!!!
go bucks!!!! hahahahhahahahhaha i love purdue  laugh  now theyre 2-5!!!
nenone else suddenly a boilermaker fan???  laugh 
osu-mich party at my house whos comin??
osu-mich party at my house this saturday if ya wanna come hit me up
osu-mich party at my house this saturday if ya wanna come hit me up
osu-mich party my house be there at 11
if you're coming to my osu-mich party on saturday comment n let me know so i can get a head count!
feeling like i'm up aginst the world    and right now    i'm losing 
"\so what am i supposed to say when i'm all choked up and you're ok?  i'm fallin to pieces   \"""""
"look around and tell me what you see    in your heart is this what you really want?  i refuse to believe after everything, this is how it ends "
a person's strength is not measured by thier physical or intellectual talent but by when the moment comes when their back is to the wall if and if they choose to fold and give up    or stand to fight for what they believe in  you make your choice   i've already made mine 
"yesterday is history, tomorrow is mystery, today is a gift, thats why it is known as the present    anger is one letter short of danger "
call me mr  flintstone i can make yo bed rock!
rediscovering and realizing how much i enjoyed and missed the life i left behind   
couldnt have brought in the new year any better! last night was absolutely amazing  smile 
"\our hearts are hungry for a food that won’t come    we could make a feast from these crumbs    and we’re all staring down the barrel of a gun    so if your life flashed before you    what would you wish you would’ve done?\"""""
people need to learn some damn respect before i beat it into them with a baseball bat!
leave it to boise to run a trick play! fake punta pass!
i hate snow!!!!!!!!
"so give me reason to prove me wrong, to wash this memory clean let the floods cross the distance in your eyes give me reason to fill this hole, connect the space between let it be enough to reach the truth in lies    across this new divide"
only got 86 400 seconds in a day    to turn it all around or throw it all away    gotta tell em that we love em while we got the <propmale> to say    gotta live like we're dying
i would like to buy some pass defense now please!
ot here we come!! <propmale> rackers is my hero!! go pack!!
i hate everything to do with arizona
"it's 4 surprise 3 and i can't sleep    without you next to me i toss and turn like the sea   if i drown tonight, bring me back to life   breathe your breath in me the only thing that i still believe in is you   if you only knew   "
watchin conan's last show and ironically    this is the first time i have ever watched it hahaha
niagra falls pictures up (stolen from <propfirst>) i will have mine up later tonight and i just want to tell you all that i did indeed find nemo there!!!
new niagra falls pics up! comment!
"under the tv lights, you fell asleep again you dont know, i'm writing this song about you there's a picture of a hollywood sign, reflecting off your skin i don't want to live another day without you you woke up and said baby i, had one of those dreams again the rain came down and i lost you, in the wind you said something    about don't leave, when you fell back asleep before i could sing my song back to you   "
i'm stretching but you're just out of reach   
saints!
not a saint's fan but i am <propfemale> glad they won the superbowl   no team nor city deserves a win more than new orleans! go saints!!!! btw    i bet bourban street is crazy as hell right now!
campus closed again!! this would be great news if i wasn't bored out of my freaking mind!!!
hope 2 18 2010
i feel like the entire world is against me   
direct tv can kiss my ass
"lovin my new 46\ samsung lcd hdtv  laugh !"""
just found out that over half of my summer tuition is gonna be paid for in <propmale> money  laugh 
usa hockey!!! usa!! usa!!! haha
fuck canada
i'm on a plane!!!
"i had the most amazing week of my entire life!! i miss my boat  sad  i miss my friends, i miss <propmale>!!!  sad "
realizing that i have to go back to reality tomorrow and i want no part of it    spring break was better than i could ever have imagined i dont want it to end   i miss all of you guys already!
college sucks  sad  can someone please hit rewind to last week??
let me be me and you be you and in the end we'll both make it through 
last night was amazing miss you all already!!! happy birthday to me!!!
is it friday yet??
anyone looking for a job in <propmale>? the hours are tues & thurs 4-9pm and 8am-6pm on saturday  let me know!
bored with nothing to do this weekend  ne ideas??
"\and i think what i just wrote is going over my head i'm stealing lines from myself and what i said was never said    it's just a lyrical lie made up in my mind   you want to be dressed in poetry but imagery doesn't fit and you want resizing but darling dear get a grip   \"""""
change where you layin'  i'm just sayin'  l to the o  v to the e  k to the i  n to the g  i don't know how they treat you  how they do it where you at  but all i'm tryna say is  you should know me like that
"one \bruised\"" elbow and the <propmale> lebron <propfirst>' fall apart   i love it  laugh """
how many bs calls can the cavs get??? seriously?? lets just let them back in the game refs! this is why i hate <propmale>
game over  i love the celtics
"this shit was all i know, you and me only, and i did it all for you, still you were lonely, we coulda worked it out, uhh, but i guess things change, its funny how someone else’s success brings pain, when ya no longer involved that person has it all, and you just stuck standing there starin at it all but i’m gonna need you to say something baby"
one word 
idk if i really want lebron to leave clevland bc then i have to listen to all of these whiny cavs fans complain until the end of time    
"life is built upon risks   if you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you're doomed to fail  because without risk, there is no gain and without gain there lies doubt  what is worse, the risk of pain or the pain of endless doubt?"
necesito dormir!
b-dubz!
tired  sad  thank god for b-dubz   
find a way to make it through this day as everything slips so far away remember that i remain here to stay may all the lifeless words  dim to gray flightless fear fades as i think i may have found a way to make it through this day
today could not have just gotten any better than it just did!!! only payin 200 for summer classes!
i bleed my heart out on this paper for you so you can see what i can't say i'm dying here (i'm dying here) 'cause i can't say what i want to i bleed my heart out just for you
"home alone, bored, in this giant ass house in \wonderful\"" east <propfemale>   so whos coming to see me??"""
just realized my cousin looks like mcluvin     made my day hahhaha
"ya know, sometimes i think of you    and well, it makes me want to just throw up repeatedly  laugh "
online physics    wtf was i thinking???
hungry  sad   side note  lebron make your damn decision so the rest of the world can move on please!
online physics    bleh then whitehall fireworks!!!
today was exhausting  sad  i vote sleep!
"which would be the better trio    lbj, <propmale> and bosh for miami    or lbj, amare and melo with the knicks?"
bye bye bron bron!!
how awesome would it be if lebron went to the clippers and shocked us all hahaha thatd be hilarious
finally!!! lebron is gone!! today is an awesome day as i get to see all of the cavs fans get knocked off their high horse and return back to below mediocrity  laugh 
but i'm   tounge tiedd and terrifiedd of what i'll sayy
"and we both go down together \we'd stay there forever \just try to get up \and i'm sorry \this wasn't easy \when i asked you, believe me \and never let go"
and i'm throwing away pictures that i never should have taken in the first place and it's cold in my apartment as i'm changing all the colors from the brightest reds to grays
cp saturday whos in??
i just paid 50 dollars for all of the answers to all the problems in every chapter  written out step by step for my impossible online physics homework   is that bad?? haha
another day gone and spent doing crap i hate   yay me!!
gonna be home alone all week   yay   
time to become one with my inner artist and pass this midterm    am i the only one seeing this not ending well?? hahha
droid x  laugh 
and     there goes the sattelite! fml
finally getting to bed     laugh 
bored    who wants to come visit?
had a pretty sweet day with <propfemale> at the zoo and got to see the penguins which was kickass  laugh  aaaand i kicked brittanys ass at ghetto rock paper scissors! could this day be ne better? haha
home = sleep  laugh 
"anyone want tickets to a tennis tournament in cincy for this thursday? they are great seats, midcourt with free parking and everything "
ok so i have two tickets to the womens tennis masters open on thursday at 11am in finch   the tourney goes all day pretty much ne the seats are front row  who wants em???
just cleaned my entire car   
last day of physics hw!!!
just two more days    just two more days     laugh 
physics final tomorro then done forever with science!  laugh 
bored ass hell    who wants to <propfemale>?
summer classes over  laugh  never knew how much i appreciated capital til i had to go through that shit haha
people suck 
idc what neone says the other guys was hilarious
zoombeezi tomorrow  got half off tickets!  laugh 
rise above
the man who can't be moved
college football is back!!!
one hour to game time    let's go blue!
uconn who??
it's funny how quickly we try to forget those who once mattered so much
shadows of the past haunt the images of today
today was a great day! don't want it to be tomorrow already   
people who post about how great there life is all the time are secretly insecure and compensating for something  not to mention it is annoying as hell   noone cares  get over yourself!
saints!
huge game today  go blue!!!
go blue!!! best game of the day  denard robinson is the real deal
wtf jets  can we please score some tds? preferably shonn greene??
just played sonic the hedgehog 2 for 3 hours straight  laugh 
"got the sonic and knuckles cartridge   i can now, once again, play as knuckles in sonic 2! today has been a good day "
what a great weekend  laugh  don't think it gets much better than this haha
\but compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright\ac53fad440c7e50a969835b5fa9fdf9d,\so i'll sing a melody\,ac53fad440c7e50a969835b5fa9fdf9d,next two days are going to be brutal   
correction  today was brutal but nowhere near as bad as it could have been  in fact i think i got the best of today  laugh 
necesito dormir
miss my canton friends  sad 
at jons graduation! they grow up <propfemale> fast    haha
i love it! go blue!!
just locked myself out of my car   
fantasy team is killin today!
<propfirst> romo=fail
does neone else hate the sound of <propfirst> collinworths voice or is it just me?
rootin for <propfirst> smith right now   crowds booin the hell outta him and callin for the backup and he comes out and leads a drive down the field n shuts em up  i like it haha
great day with <propfemale>  laugh  haha cept for the whole gettin ripped off by the crazy chinese ppl in the food court at tuttle mall!!
\oh her eyes, her eyes\ac53fad440c7e50a969835b5fa9fdf9d,"abbi holmes: \i just e playful ected it to be classy\"" me:  \"" abbi   you do realize your talking about the lions den right??\"" hahhaha good times at work today  laugh """
bdubz  laugh 
to all of my canton friends: i will b in town sunday  we all need to get together!  laugh 
why is everyone in a band but me???
stressed  annoyed 
"i could only sing you sad songs\and you could sing along\and you could see the melody\that's been calling out your wrongs\and this never will be right with me\and now you're trying to desperately\but i'm tongue tied and terrified of what i'll say\but i never told you everything\i'm losing hope and fading dreams\and every single memory along the way"
"id give you today but its not mine yet, id ask you to stay here with me til then"
overthinking the concept of overthinking
omw to <propfemale> arbor for the game! go blue!!
a little piece of my soul just died    hahha really wish we coulda pulked that one out 
walk away im barely breathing    as im lying on the floor  take my heart as ur leaving   i don't need it nemore   
mayday parade oct  29th
just bought my mayday parade ticket for october 29th at the house of blues in <propmale>  laugh  it's gonna be sweet haha
just decided i am going to train my dogs in spanish!
its just a lyrical lie   made up in my mind
ihop!!!!
classic <propfirst> farve  now holds the record for most pick sixes ever! we green bay fans remember all too well   
"\i swear that you don't have to go i thought we could wait for the fireworks\"""""
goodbye limewire  sad 
mayday parade = amazingness  concert last night was epic
and honestly i have been begging for answers that you and only you can give to me
time to download some go radio and breathe <propfemale>
completely just walked into a door     todays gonna b sweet hahahah
"this place could burn, for all we care   one step closer but we're still so far away   "
could tonight really get any worse   ?
"cause i’ve been trying way too long\to try and be the perfect song\when our hearts are heavy burdens\we shouldn’t have to bear alone"
looks like today is just a continuance of yesterdays misfortunes    yaay me
"you hold your breath, i'll hold my liquor"
hate the cold 
bout to watch megamind in 3d! hellll yeeaaahhh
<propfirst> roundtree
bama is fallin apart and i am lovin it!
"love watching my team completely dismantle \america's team\"""""
damn you <propmale> christensen!
refreshingly inspired
bored as hell  home alone on a friday night with nothing to do haha i believe this is what the cool kids call lame nowadays   
northwestern
hey browns fans!? o-h!!!!!
monday morning + epic traffic = fml
its official  ke$ha most certainly has the most poorly written and most horrificly unintelligent lyrics i have ever heard in my entire life   
is philly the best team in the league right now?? i can't decide
check your events friends
"put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a buckeye fan  being a buckeye fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for bf and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of michigan fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy and paste  go blue!!"
rise above
well looks like i'm gonna lose my fantasy game bc sf refuses to throw the ball to <propfirst> <propmale>   
i really need to stop falling asleep for 3 hours during the middle of the day and then staying up all night bc i cant fall back asleep  annoyed 
thank god tomorrow is friday
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon\from your childhood  the goal; to not see a human face on fb till\monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy\& paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
"still surprised i haven't seen anyone's profile picture as <propmale>, <propmale>d and <propmale>dy"
how could i say no? she's got a love like woah
so far away from where you are   im standin underneath the stars   just know that wherever you are   that i miss you      and i wish you       were here 
i finally understand what the hell all of these <propfirst> mean and now i kinda want to play haha send me <propfirst>!
1359: i can still remember to this day meeting you for the very first time freezing our asses of in front of starbucks out by your gigantic truck and dancing in the parking lot hahahha i also rememeber making cookies and going on double dates waaay back when and having deeep facebook converstions haha sadly enough i haven't seen you in like over a year and i miss your face woman!! this needs to change very quickly  laugh 
44721:  first of all i would like to say that you give the most crazy and random hugs of anyone i know haha i can remember getting fake tattoos together and having mysterious pictures taken of me falling asleep on your lap in the middle of airports?? hahah i miss and love you to death  laugh  p s michigan is still better idc what you say!
2604:  you will forever be the short one to me even though i hate to admit you will probably be taller than me one day because you have amazon genes haha although no matter how tall you get you will always be my little sister and have the right to pick on you  laugh  you need to start seeing your big brother more often because he misses and loves you more than ya think kid 
14:  not once in a million years did i ever in my life think you would have dated my best friend    but guess what? you did! haha i feel that that is the true you and personally i admire your randomness and how you would always speak your mind in class  together we suffered through hempsteads and managed to get chocolate everyday    and the wildermuth! how the hell did we pass that class???
13 and a half: not to be mistaken with 13 5!  laugh   all i can say is i love you and how u have come 2 my mich-osu party every yr 2\\we have great memories from mikhail owing you his firstborn to <propfirst> choking on chicken n us spending the night in the hospital together i still rememebr the night u stayed @ my house and wrote my mom a ltr to tell  her thank you  smile  u are such a good person n we need 2 <propfemale> out more!
64:  i havent seen you in forever man   i remember many two-a-days in the heat and waking up at the crack ass of <propfemale> and the whole time you were right there with me   we have had many great discussions about the nfl and football in general and im still bankin on ravens-packers in the superbowl   just know the packers will win hahha and lastly jumpin <propfirst> waffles!!!
7: i knew it from the first time i met you that we would have something special n everyday is just that much better bc i have you in my life i remember listenin to songs together on the way to florida n thinkin how much every one was about us n how we would sneak off so we could be alone even if for only a little while your letters keep me goin when we're apart n i cant describe how happy i am you are finally mine  laugh 
perfect score on my economics final! naaaaaailed it  laugh 
getting my wisdom teeth taken out tomorrow  sad 
maybe we should chug on over to mamby pamby land where we can find some self confidence for ya you jackwagon!!
welcome to goodburger home of the good burger can i take your order???
tired of being in pain
<propmale> <propmale>    meet <propmale> bishop 
so pissed off right now    now is the time to rise above
if i could bash your face in to the point where you are physically unable to breath that would be perfect 
well this was a bad start to my day
"the ink is running towards the page its chasing down the days the hours, minutes, seconds until you are again with me"
"the ink is running towards the page its chasing down the days the hours, minutes, seconds until you are again with me i missed your skin when you were east you clicked your heels and wished for me    hey <propfemale> please forget to fall down hey <propfemale> dont ya go down   "
watching the disney parade makes me miss the cruise  sad  wish i could go back soooo badly right now  smile 
nyg = epic fail! go pack!!!
today is a great day! ending the year strong  laugh 
"sugar bowl, your opening two tds were probably two of the most bizarre i have ever seen "
game over! go pack!!
auburn   or oregon?? oregon   or auburn?? can both teams win?? if either team was playin some other team in <propfemale> they would be my pick but since they are playing each other idk what to do  annoyed 
