a8202b245295d65f4c9253f4c80fce31
"my god, i do not want to take my grandmother to the store to buy her diapers  ugh!"
mmmm  pina coladas! soooo good  i love you coco lopez and banana rum 
i cant wait for vegas!!!!
never good enough  never even try  why do i let my life just pass me by?
sick and tired of being sick and tired 
enrolled in school today! yay!
finally get to finish up my chest tattoo tomorrow! yay!
first day of school  so excited!!!
i need 2 lemmings badly  willing to trade
how the hell do i get these pots for the green house? i have everythinhg else and cant seem to find them anywhere 
mimosa all day long  sounds like a good mothers day to me 
today was a nightmare  so glad its almost over 
   and somehow i thought today would get better 
someone is starting thier terrible twos a little early  ugh!
"the countdown is on, 8 days till vegas!"
can anyone help me? i need 1 prairie dog and 1malayan tapir to get past this level  ive been stuck for months now  please!!!
drowning in schoolwork   my son wont let me even look at it  looks like tonight will be an allnighter   sad 
3 days till vegas!!!
taking care of my 2 year old son and 7 month old niece is not an easy task! i dont think ill have another baby for a long time 
is sad that i can never go to bed with my man  my two year old will not get out of ours  the moment he wakes up in his crib he climbs out and just crawls right back into bed with us  that is if we both actually make it in there  this is a nightmare!
"well, i made it home from dropping off <propmale> and <propfemale> at the airport with only one illegal  u-turn, crossing over a median luckily without popping my tires and not a single run in with the police  i'd say it was a successful trip   but it was a close one  glad to be home safe with my son "
"who wants to lend me $8000 to fix my teeth? pretty please i cant believe i need 8 crowns, 7 fillings, 3 root canals, and an extraction  idk what the hell im gonna do   "
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question your friendship  this type of friend picks up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it's been, how far away they live & they don’t hold grudges  they understand that life's busy but that you'll always love them  repost    this if you're lucky to have at least one of these friends "
i am so fed up with being a slave to urban treatment!!
"the\ age of 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom \doesnt really know everything  at 14: mom doesnt know anything  at \16:mom doesnt exist  at 18: shes old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does \know about this! at 35: before we decide, lets ask mom  at 45: i  wonder\ what mom thinks about this? at   75: i wish i could   ask my mom about \this  post this if you have the best mom in the world "
man it is rough being sick with a 2 year old boy runnin around  this sucks!
"so many babies to meet, so little time   "
on my way to stay in  a free room in ac for me and my babes 1st anniversary  yay!
"back to school today   anatomy and cpr, yay!"
"i need to find a place to live by the end of december  if anyone has any info to help us out, please let me know  that would be sooo helpful!"
"off to get some more excruciating dental work  i am scared to death, but it will all be worth it in the end   at least thats what i keep telling myself  annoyed "
is so happy that i'm just about done with my first trimester and that means no more constant morning sickness  yay!!!
warning! do not make a right turn on red anywhere there may be a camera on the traffic lights  i got 2 tickets in the mail this week for this dumb bullshit  since when is a right on red considered failure to observe a traffic signal? grrrrrr!
feelin my little peanut movin around  thats the best feeling in the world!
getting new hair tomorrow! so excited! tryin to figure out how to get it cut   what colors to dye  decisions decisions 
"5 days till i find out if i have a girl or boy baby in my belly! soooo anxious, i can't wait!!"
well it looks like im having another little boy  two sons   crazy 
