b0b5553b5a47cd617fd0c25f5646e636
"not waiting on you anymore oshae           i really feel like a huge weight has been lifted on my shoulders  i don't regret the time i spent with you, not by a long shot  but it's time for me to live my life, since your determined to live it without you  i love you, but it's better this way  funny how've you've already moved on though lol goodbye  be happy,"
to everybody else live like you were dying  you never know when your life's going to end  regret nothing  smile 
i meant your determined to live it without me lol
depressed  sad 
"if he only knew how much i love him, and how i'd do anything for him  all i need is a <propmale>"
getting ready for band camp tomrrow! im so exited!  smile 
restless  sad 
oshae daquan best kind of depressed  sad  oshae i still love you        and you better be happy for your bday tommorrow!
"had a great time last night at the comp! grand champion baby! that bonfire last night was kinda crazy, with <propmale> and his love for fire lol i had like the best time my baby last night  i hope that we can do that again real soon  smile "
"my life is crashing down around me  im falling, falling so fast and no one is there to catch me "
completely worn out from tonight's game! im going to miss the seniors  sad  i know im going to cry on graduation day
awww i just hurt a little boys pride lol don't play game with bitches who can play them better  smile 
at home with chelsea       she stayed the night with me smile 
guess what? for 24 hours i will be completely honest!!!!!!!! no matter how weird or crazy the question is i have to answer truthfully  only in my inbox though  and i dare you to do the same 
"okay so i'm sure this is going to sound so dramatic but idc  i officially feel not wanted and not loved  hmmmmmm not really sure what to do right now  sooooo going into depressed   mode lol wish i could talk to my aunt <propfirst>, but oh well"
relaxing for the day  smile  tired from this weeks activities lol
having alot of probs  sad  wish i could just cry it all off             but i refuse to do that  im not going to let life and the devil get me down           this is for you <propfemale>  annoyed \
thankyou to all who told me happy birthday  smile 
"being my same old paranoid self lol wanting to give him a <propmale>, but scared because of last time  annoyed \"
"omg just saw the hottest myspace url ever!!!!!!! \kissmebelowthe6pack\""  smile  that is like so freaking hot lol  playful  night all  smile """
sooo i think i'm going to go to this party for new years? should? lol  love 
\ummmm see what had happened was," i feel off the bed\""-\"b0b5553b5a47cd617fd0c25f5646e636,"missing my guard besties <propfemale> moody, joydan sparks, aliyah ingram, and <propfemale> mclaurin  sad  love ya'll  love "
"well face book i've dealt with enough aggravating straight boys for tonight, see ya tomorrow  wink   love "
"sooo ready to see all my besties on tues: <propfemale> ray-smith, <propfemale> <propfemale> mcmillan , keke kawaii, <propfemale> moody, joydan sparks, aliyah ingram    "
"<propfemale> mclaurin, sheng xiong, miya hunt, and <propfirst> mcneil  smile  love all of you!!!!  laugh "
i'm ready to see my super big booty bestie <propfemale> miloncus to  smile )  love 
your not winning this poke war aliyah ingram!!!!  laugh  lol
miss him  sad 
awww you mad me feel better <propfemale>  smile  i love you  love  we're so gonna rock the mb season together  playful  lol
ugh!!!!!!!!!
"just becuase u were a self proclaimed homo at 4 and a half doesnt mean everyone was -\by one of my gayest friends  smile  i love you <propfirst>  smile  lol"
i thought i saw a putty cat              i did! i did see puddy cat! : gotta love tweetie  smile  lol
"rochaad     you could always make anyone laugh  you were straight up with everybody  you were suppose to graduate with us, but someone took you from us before that could happen  there was so much you still had to do, but someone took you from us  it's not right, you didn't deserve that "
i don't know why i even try
"oddly enough, this storm is making me feel alot better  smile  thankyou god  laugh "
that two timeing lying backstabing cheating conceited cunt ass bastard!!!!!!!!!! i hope he burns in hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that two timeing lying backstabing cheating conceited cunt ass bastard!!!!!!!!!! karma's a bitch you asshole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"im bout to change everything about me  the whole nice westley that everyone knows, is about to become straight up bitchy  24 7  fuck all the people thats hurt me  friends, family, guys, girls, it don't matter  cause imma do me, and you gonna do you  and i promise you, im always gonna keep it real"
"wow that is so fucked up  one of my friends had a ticket i could have got from them, and went with them to see elcipse  but i've been on in hours, so i don't get to go see the movie of the year with some of my besties  fml fml fml fmlxinfinite"
"when people look at me, they see some girly white boy          but what they can't see on the inside, is that im a black woman ready to take her heels and earrings off, and go grap her vasaline in milla second!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol  laugh "
"people always ask me how how early can i call you, and i always tell them the same thing  if i pick up the phone cussing you out, its to early  laugh  lol"
"like this status, and i will tell you what i like about you, dislike about you, a confession, and my first impression  smile "
"i love my guard, hornline, and even my drumline this year  laugh  i can honestly say i like all of them haha  laugh "
im so bored                wishing my parents would give me back my phone already  annoyed \
i love my band peoples  laugh   love  they are like so funny lol
"copy\thisinto your status && see what people rate you  *1)i love\you  *2)your're cute  *3)your're funny  *4)i like you  *5)i used to\like you  *6)you're amazing *7)i hate you  * smile  friends forever\*9)i   dont know you that   well    *10) you're sweet   *11) your hot"
poke me if you've ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm a good friend  message me if you've ever wanted to date me and comment if we have had any good memories  now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status   smile 
well im bored now lol i guess i'll go to bed lol night fb  laugh 
copy this as your status and see what people rate you: (1) ghetto (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic(5) lovable (6) crazy (7) want you ( smile  cuteee (9) great person (10) wild (11) funny (12) bed room fantasy (13) mature(14) wish we <propfemale> broke (15) id take you home to mom (16) i wish i had ya numba(17) goofball (1 smile  honest (19) inboxx me(20) sexyy
"well the showcase didn't turn out as bad as i thought it was gonna be lol its a great start, and hopefully well just get better lol i actually had some fun with drumline today, there not all that bad  playful  haha i love all my mb peoples  smile "
"uhhhh im bored!!!!!!!!! haha someone im me or something, please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"im off to bed fb  theres no one to talk to, im bored, and kinda in a pissy mood now  goodnight"
"well im finally up  i thought about a lot of things last night, and come to a realization        "
"the only reason i want school to start back, is to be able to be with all my friends again  i miss all of them even the mb ones, who i just saw yesterday!!!!! its official i depend way too much on my friends lmao"
      
speechless          
"its not hard to fall in love, the problem is finding someone to catch you  wink "
"going offline  nothing else to do, bored out my mind  have some serious thinking to do  have to decide what im going to do soon"
"i have a mom who has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, saw me fail, cheered me on, and kept me strong  moms are a promise that you will have a friend forever  how true that is  if you love your mom, post this on your status! i ? you mom! ?"
"i feel like eating a bucket of butter pecan ice cream, with a couple of snickers bars "
i always get on facebook when im bored and don't have anything else to do lmao yet it never makes me any less bored  laugh  hahahaha
"judge me, and i'll prove you wrong  tell me what to do, and i'll tell you off  say im not worth it, and watch where i end up  call me a bitch, and i'll show you one  fuck me over, and i'l do it to you twice as bad  call me crazy, but you have no idea  smile "
off to bed 
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his her family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for our freedom  it's military appreciation week  repost this if you are in the military, love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero, or appreciate our troops!!"
1st person to like this: i'll add you as a sibling for a day  2nd person: i'll tell you anything  3rd person: can have my number  4th person: i will comment on your current profile picture  5th person: goes in my info box for a day  copy this to your status and see who you get 
"oddly enough, im ready for tomorrows practice  laugh  lol"
say word lol
"we're not supposed to talk about the band, but i will say this: mb is no longer fun  the directors have taken all the fun out of it  yes we want to  win, but not at the cost of our happiness  i understand that some sacrifices have to be made, but come on, no laughing? no smiling? no breaks really? always bashing people?"
"telling people to shut up? you can't not feel well? i mean really? its getting ridiculous  last year people didn't want to do mb and quit because we weren't winning  this year it's because there is no fun to it at all  come on, this is not the drum corp "
i don't hate you                i just don't appreciate your existence  smile 
"everyone that loves me needs to come eat at pizza inn tonight, 430 to 900!!!!!! come support the guard, cause you know you  love me  smile  hope to see some friendly faces there tonight  smile "
"after sending a risky text, one minute seems like an enternity  annoyed \ lol"
drinking a strawberry daiquire and doing my ap us hisory homework  smile  thinking about you-know- who  laugh   love 
well first day of school was gucci  smile  i have some classes with some of my favorite people  wink  im actually looking forward to this semester so far!  laugh  oh and its official: im black  im now back in the slave days with cb in fourth period  playful  lol
glee is offcially my inspiration  smile  it's always picking me up when im down  smile  now im gonna get off and listen to the storm     maybe it'll give me some answers  smile 
"the storm def told me the answers i needed to hear     the thing is, doing what the storm says, is way harder than saying it "
lifes too short to stress over people who don't even deserve to be in your life  smile 
"if you would date me, like this status, if you\love me, put a heart ?, if your my friend, put a smiley face  smile , if you\gotta a crush on me, put a wink face  wink , if your upset with me, put a\sad face  sad   copy this in your status & see how people feel about\you"
"i love rumors, they tell me things that i never knew about myself  smile  lmao"
"\looks at hot boy\"" \""looks at best friend\"" best friend- \""i know!!!\""  smile """
just got done listenening to chorus of angles by haste the day for the like the third time today  smile  that is one of my new favs  laugh 
well fb imma about to get off here finish this note and watching fame  smile  after that       who knows!!!! bed maybe?  smile  night  love 
the problem with boys - they make you think they love you when they don't  the problem with girls- they make you think they don't love you when they do  smile 
"if you love or care deeply for someone, tell them cause there not going to wait forever  smile "
"off to bed fb, night  smile "
"okay, first and foremost im apologize to all my guard sisters and our guard mommy <propfirst>  i love guard and i love all you guys, so im really sorry about my status yester day  love ya'll  love "
"i love how i be home by myself, hear a strange noise, and immediately think im gonna be killed lmao  smile "
teacher: why are you talking during my lesson? me: why are you talking during my conversation?     i would so be the one to do this  laugh  lmao  love 
"k, don't know why, but im really tired  annoyed \ i think im going to go on to bed       night fb"
"so ready for tomorrow!!!!!!  smile  finally it feels like this season is starting off  laugh  love all my band, guard, drumline, and pit peoples  smile  i really hope <propmale>'s okay  frowny "
"we did that tonight  smile  i love all my guard, band, drumline, and pit people  laugh  everyone did so good!  smile "
"soooo i can't sleep, and i have nothing to do  bored out of my freaking mind!!!! why can't i have a car and license  sad  or even a phone to txt on  sad "
"i remember when my brother and i used to make forts in our house out of blakets, chairs, pillows, and whatever else we could find  smile  oh good times  laugh "
"brea, why do we even bother? why do we put ourselves through the same shit, over and over and over again? hallauja  prada"
"can i just see 'em all  no, can i just have them all!!!! lamo total insider  laugh "
"loved you once, love you still, always have, always will  so is my mood for the moment  love  <(\)"""
"my daddy just gave me some words of wisdom: excuses are like a butt hole, everyone's got one  gross yeah, but sooooooo true"
"night fb, i love my guard besties aliyah, bri, and joydan  laugh   love "
"even though i never see or talk to him, i still love him  love  i really wish i knew why he doesn't answer any of my im's, messages, or anything  crying "
"by the power vested in me, i now pronounce you deleted and blocked  you may now kiss my ass! lol"
"\hey\"" \""hi\"" \""how are you?\"" \""okay\"" \""okay lets cut the crap  who do you like?\"" lmao priceless  smile """
sooo i just woke up  still tired lol gots to talk to my baby last night  smile  i  love  him  laugh 
"talking to my bae on the phone  smile  oh gosh, why did i ever let him go??????  sad  but he's mine forever  laugh   love "
"i love him, but i swear we have communication problems between one another  sad  school in the am  sad  lol night fb  smile "
the greatest book ever written was the bible  love 
"i so hate <propfirst> mcneil  joyful  i'll love him him another week, maybe two if he keeps aggravating me lmao"
"sorry fb gotta get off, eclipse is soooooo calling my name  love  all six packs of taylors body  smile "
im with you by <propfemale> lavigne  smile  sooooo my mood song lol
"omg, that movie was like the best ever!!!!!!  laugh "
"for the record, it's soooo possible to fall up the stairs  i've done it on many occasions lmao"
"sooo my voice has always aggravated you? well, don't worry babyboo, you won't hear it no more  smile "
"i'm with you by <propfemale> lavigne sooo my mood      a little depressed, but i'll be better after i cry it out  realizations are always so hard to accept, especially ones about people you really care about "
cut by plumb sooooo my mood  smile  new fav song ever!!!!  laugh 
"i have 400 years on you little boy, i will rip you from limp to limp without even blinking  mess with me  smile  lol"
"bout to go to my dads     no internet for a week, yay  annoyed \"
"i'm sorry, but if your a hoe your a hoe  i'm not gonna hold my tongue just cause you don't like your title  thankyou  smile "
bitchy? i'm sorry i wasn't taught how to say fuck you politely  smile 
"don't trust a hoe, never trust a hoe, cause the hoe won't trust you  wink "
bed sounds sooo good so night  smile 
wow haven't been on fb in forever!!! feels a little odd lmao
bitchy? i'm sorry i wasn't taught how to say fuck you politely  smile 
"hmmm     depressed, cheer me up?  crying "
ugh sooo not looking forward to my iss tomorrow and thurs  sad  lol
"you know that one person that you want to talk to on facebook, and your just waiting for a message or im or something because you don't want to bug them anymore with yours? ugh i hate those moments lol"
"wearpurple tomar 2 put an end to intolerance in honor of the 6 boys who commited suicide in recent months due to homophobic abuse at home and inschools  purple represents spirit on the lgbtq flag  plz know that times will get better and that u will meet ppl who will love u and respect u for who you are, no matter your sexuality  please wear purple  repost this if your qoinq to do it"
"\if a guy really wants to be with you he will do whatever it takes to make that happen\""    thankyou @aj miller for stating something that i believe to be soooo true in its entirety  smile """
gettin ready for the bestie's miya hunt's b-day party  smile  love you girl  smile 
"okay finally ready for miya's party, bout to head there now  laugh "
<propmale> potter was like soooo freakin awesome!!!!  laugh   love 'ed it!!!  smile 
sooo waiting on my bro to get back so i can get my crap out of his car and go lol
bored  annoyed \ somone talk to me!!!!
just got pissed off  thanks for ruining a good day
"omg i just spent alot of money       o well i feel good lol  got new rugs, and went shopping for clothes, bought a ton of christmas presents, and got all the stuff to refinish my kitchen cabinets  i am accomplished for the evening "
well this sucks  frowny 
i just don't know what to do      i'm gonna cry      
the balls in your court now     whatever happens to us is up to you     whether i stay with you is up to you         i'm hanging on by a thread      save me or you'll lose me forever     
"i'm ready to see my ghetto fabulous, crazy in the head bestie <propfemale> <propfirst> to  smile   love  you  smile "
fuck it all     fml x infinite    i've pissed two of the most important people in my life    yay
"i flirt with you,i stay up at like 3am texting you,i talk about stupid stuff that you like    when are you going to get it i like you"
"how did everyone's day go?  smile  mine went fine, except the part were i was around <propfirst> mcneil  annoyed \ he's soooo mean!!!!  sad "
"oh wow, i think that's the funniest thing that's ever happened to me!!!! rofl i'm laughing sooo hard that tears are running down my face hahahahaha"
"still on montclair, this sucks     first day not that great  sad "
"no your right  i mistook our endless converstaions, your sweet texts, the compliments, and our amazing moments for you liking me  guess she had somethin more  my bad"
"by the powers vested in me, i now pronounce you deleted and blocked  you may now kiss my ass!"
night fb  smile  great day today  smile  love ya'll  smile 
"well, montclair, your as boring as ever  sad "
shut me down real quick haha
"[p o k e] me if you ever had a crush on me, or still do \[l i k e] this status if you think i'm a good friend \[i n b o x] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me or in the future \[c o m m e n t] on this if we've had some good memories \post this as your status, you'd be surprised at what people think "
"night fb  practice in the am  had an interesting day to say the least haha love all those that i do, and hate those that are truly a regret for letting them get so close to me  smile  bye  smile "
"fb my beds calling my name, goodnight  love "
sooo bored  sad  lol
"like i know he's gone, but my mind just won't accept it  i can't except it  i wish you were here <propfirst>      frowny "
none of ya'll are winning this poke war!!!! haha
"i just want to say to all my besties that my life would not be complete without you  smile  and that includes: <propfemale> too <propfemale> ray-smith, kiwii koneko, miya too brutal hunt, <propfemale> <propfirst>, aliyah ingram, <propfemale> mclaurin, joydan sparks, <propfemale> moody! i love all ya'll  smile "
"i couldn't link the last twooo sooo joydan sparks, and <propfemale> moody  smile "
i forgot one of the most important people in my life!!!! love you bestie <propfemale> <propfemale> mcmillan  love 
"soooo i came to a realization through a lot of heartache, and almost losing my besties: i'm obessed  and i'll be damned if i let a boy come in the way of my besties  smile  plus honestly i think i made up the whole thing in my head  playful  lol sooo goodbye obsession, and hello new directions!  smile  time to just sit back and chill with the girls for awhile, and forget about the guys  smile "
bitch you do that shit on a regular a base! your one of the biggest damn hoes at scotland! bitch don't get mad just cause nobody wants your stank pussy  you can't keep a damn boyfriend cause your fish smell pushes everyone away 'cause its so damn bad 
"go fuck yourself, cause no one else ever will, and btw learnt isn't a damn word so go take 1st grade grammar again and get a fucking dictionary before you come up against me with your bullshit again  smile  thankyou, have a nice fucking puny life  smile "
those last two goes to <propfemale> norton!!! hate you bitch  smile 
ugh!!! this is not fair!!! every single time i think i've figured things out someone throws something into the mix!!!! i'm sooo just ready to give up  annoyed \    
i am frustrated!!!! grrrrr!!!
welp    i'm bored and still very frustrated    sooo i guess i'm going to bed    grrrr
"i know i'm gonna regret putting this as a status later, but       i am sexually frustrated right now to the extreme!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
ugh    this whole school thing     smh
these bitches at scotland!! they some skanky little hoes!!! i'm sooo glad joydan sparks found out about her mistake before she took a trip on the teney weenie e playful ress!!! haha love you chick  wink   love 
games are sooo over rated  smile  imma about to be on that triple threat status  wink 
sooo over it
"ugh, like i said your too much drama for me      like figure it out please!!!"
what a day  sad 
why does he have to be so mean to me    its not right    well that hurtss    
i'm soooo pissed right now      
i'm about to cut a bitch    
getting ready for competition     frowny  ugh me and early does not get along!!! lol wish me luck  smile 
"i'm sorry  sad  i didn't mean to hurt you, i was trying to keep you from getting hurt! i'm such a horrible friend  frowny "
i'm feeling diabolical  wink 
night fb and all my besties  smile  on that mission status right now  wink  lmao
thanks for telling me you were leaving     and this is why i don't want to be with you    
soooo bored  sad 
"ugh! thank you for sending me to bed pissed off  i thought i had this crap behind me, along with all the bs that comes with it, but i guess not "
"off to school, wish me luck  annoyed \ lol"
"today was not the best day  first i get asked what i did to this person, like there a victim! then i have to deal with that little bitch <propfemale> gist saying shit about me  then i get home and have a message from someone i would rather never of talked to again  and on top of all that the more days that pass by, the more i realize i was just a paranoid gay boy that was seeing things "
"between our laughs, long talks, stupid fights & jokes      i fell in love with you  love "
"ive never had sex,smoked weed,snuck out,or skipped class copy & paste this to your status and whoever \likes\"" it thinks your lying!"""
"if you like my status i'll tell you something i love about you, and what i really think about you  smile "
practicing this beautiful piece of music called equus by <propfirst> whitacre  smile  loving it  smile 
"this clarinet solo in equus is sooo amazing  smile  i'm going to sooo beast this junk  smile \love all my band peoples!!!  smile "
"i love you <propfirst> mcneil!!!!  smile  your the best guy friend ever!!!  smile  and no, i'm not afraid to say it in public  playful  lol"
there was only one person who made my day shine today     i really love that person a lot for some reason  smile  lol
"mmm  ya'll make it sooo hard sometimes to even be cool wid ya  that's exactly why i don't have straight guys as friends, 'cause they don't know what the fuck they want  and that's all imma say"
asshole     
"we all have at least 200 friends on facebook; but when it comes to needing a friend to talk to, how many will actually be there for you? i can guarantee not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status  like this status if you will be there for me  set this as your status and see which friends will be there for you"
getting ready for this uncp honors band thing    ugh!!! i was suppose to reast today  sad 
"ugh!!! same old shit different day     that seems to be the story of my life constantly    i'm so sick of this  sad  i do not have time, literally, to keep dealing with these stupid things "
"that's it  i'm going to kill him  your such an asshole  i can't believe that i even considered letting you in      you better hope i don't see you ever again, 'cause if i do i'll castrate you "
"like for the answers ?\\i call you  annoyed we first met : \remember when : \i ? how  annoyed i hate how : \one word that describes you is : \we should  annoyed you're my : \you need to : \i miss  annoyed by the way :"
i'm not giving up on you just yet  wink   love 
good night fb
me + _______= perfect couple  put this as your status and see who you get 
"even though you didn't answer my question, and you stop talking to me, i still love you  love "
"toatally feel horrible  sad  i'm hurting like hell, and my body's wanting to reject everything i eat and drink again  sad  not good  sad "
"i hate wishy washy people        just stay out of my life if your going to be that way  i'm serious  just stay the fuck out of my damn life, if you don't know what the fuck you want  and you know who you are  now get to stepping, and don't let the door hit you on the way out "
"practicing equus     so don't feel like doing anything, had a horrible day  frowny  someone cheer me up?  annoyed \"
bored  hmu
that's the shit that pisses me off 
"am i ugly? like seriously,am i ugly?"
"to the non-pet owners who visit our homes  don't complain about our pets  (1) they live here, you don't  (2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  (3) chances are, i love my pets more then i like you  (4) to you, they are animals  to me, they are family who are hairy, walk on all fours & don't talk back ? re-post if you love your pets"
things might just look up a bit        smile 
"boreddddd, someone made me really happy today despite the horrible day  thank you person i'm talking about  smile   love  you!"
miya too brutal hunt and me are sooo on that g status  smile )))))  love 
soooo apparently i'm not attractive haha wow this kid really does need glasses  smile 
sooo fucking frustrated right now
\what i really meant to say,\b0b5553b5a47cd617fd0c25f5646e636,\i never really wanted you to see,\b0b5553b5a47cd617fd0c25f5646e636,\i never really wanted you to go,\b0b5553b5a47cd617fd0c25f5646e636,"similar, yet so different "
"like this status if you think you deserve my love, affection, and attention, and i'll tell you if you do "
"this is by far the hardest decision i've ever made  i love you, but you can't be in my life anymore  you hurt me too much, even though you don't realize it  too many problems are coming into my life because of you, and i don't have time for that, literally  so this is goodbye "
ya'll win  you have me all to yourselves once again 
