e8122a53da10aa04aac298fe7ebc325b
happy new year! smile 
woke up feeling like crap  faaaannn-tastic 
<propfemale>! we need to talk call me right now <propfemale>  indecision 
"we are straight up trapped in a bear cave, yo!"
   sigh  school morning     sad 
does'nt feel like going to dynasty tonight    ugh   
oh god    so tired and feet hurt from basketball practice :[      but dynasty sure was fun!  laugh 
"call all you want with your regular phone, but your not gonna reach banana phone    "
"is tired, wishes she didnt have to go to school tomorrow    ]:"
dynasty practice    hmm    
"woopwoop!!! tournament this weekend, anyone as pumped as me???"
"we play at 9:10 at night!??! pm?! d: i hope i dont pass out  laugh  (even though it would be kinda funny, it kinda wouldnt   )  sad "
its tournament day! woopwoopp!
"has survived playing at 10 surprise 0! at night, and actually played pretty well    but is still tired out of her mind, and has to play at 11 smile 0! this morning    ):"
"last game of the tournament was at 11 smile 0!, and the ref was riduculous, a bad call cost us the game! d: but everyone played a good game today, go dynasty!"
omigod    taks  annoyed  i dont wanna do math of all things    d:
"taks day! good luck, everyone! [:"
b-ball practice! happy dynasty!  laugh 
and for tomorrows reading taks    ): shoot  me  now    
yes! taks done! (now for benchmarks     sad  )
"was watching the atlanta milwaukee game, and saw the funniest old spice commercial ever!  laugh "
"has an insanely busy weekend  schlitterbahn (if thats how you spell it  ) on saturday for choir, and on sunday the dynasty golf tournament! and i have to annotate a book!     someone save me!!!!"
schlitterbahn tomorrow!  smile )
schlitterbahn today! be back around 10! smile 0    ( smile 
"fell off the raft at schlitterbahn, in the whitewater river nonetheless  i have a big scrape on my right knee, and <propfemale>'s hurt too! never ride a ride twice in a row!!!!"
dynasty golf tournament!  smile 
there are only 5 mondays left   
"if you wanna kiss me \like\"" this status  if you love me write a heart  if you hate me put an angry face  if you want me as a friend put a smiley face  and if i've made you upset put a sad face  post this on your status and see what you get"""
"happy frog day, everyone    "
woww two free weekends in a row    how rare    
"dynasty practice, then hello weekend    have three projects     sad "
is going to the dance     laugh  d: ?!?
if you are brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: silly   7: moody   8: dumb  9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: h0t  13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beatuiful   17: cute   18: smart 19: c   ountry  20: risky  smile 
is awake  smile 
going to see date night at 7 surprise 0 with <propfemale>!
they stabbed a chicken nugget with a sharpie  these are baaaad people!
"later today, i have a <propmale> crapload of work to do    i hate projects   "
"ew i have to finish my <propmale> project, almost done    this sucks     sad "
going to show choir show    anyone wanna come with??  laugh 
intermission! come while you can!
blah    blah blah blah    p:
tournament this weekend    :i
"school morning    tired    come on, weekend!  sad "
"tommorrows friday    my question is, how much slower can it come?!"
"this tournament in this here weekend, a game at 9ish, 1ish, and 4ish, then a game on sunday!! so excited! (lets hope i dont run my feet into stubs!  smile  )"
"howdddyy! the tournament- lost first three games, won last game by 1! point! won consolation! whoopedy whoop! (btw, my feet are not little stubs smile  yays)"
is sick  sad 
has made a recovery from her massive migrane!
wow  its almost the weekend    again    hmmm smile 
"dynasty practice, project, tournament this weekend, project over the weekend, annotating, tests     no! its the end of the year, people! d:"
is tomorrow regular schedule? d: oh and    nothing else   
www formspring me hahaimkylie
"first two games are ova! the second one got a little messy   (i e  threatening, angry parents in the stands   hmm   )"
"just finished dynasty tournament    played well, people! proud of everyone! ( smile "
got back from the knox awards ceremony! i won an <propmale> award!  playful  yay!
"omz, i open up the chat and like everyone is online    why didnt this happen yesterday?!"
"ugh    the one weekend i'm free, i have no idea what to do "
   feeling like a loser because there are three people on facebook     laugh 
just went swimming smile 
"just got back from memorial park, ran three <propmale>! movie and mall with jathes later!"
"oh my god, if every day went as long as these last two, i'd die before i was 20 "
ah  there are exactlyy 4 hours and 40 minutes left of school! d: laugh 
"finally, complete freedom!   lol jk, i have practice tonight "
go celtics!
wants to hit the beach    when there's no beach  ):
have you ever been to coldstone? where they beat the crap out of their icecream??? its really good!
home-made protien smoothies + tanning by the pool + new sunglasses = perfect sunday smile 
college park basketball camp starts today! whoopwhoop i'm pumped!! smile  smile 
cp camp was awesome! had so much fun!  laugh 
back to back 2 hour basketball sessions tonight    hoping i'll have legs tomorrow   
free today smile 
"sure, i'll do it to    like this status, and i'll write something nice about you smile "
"two more games in the tournament! did great, even though we were missing jewels campbell, makenzie aldridge, and <propfemale> <propfirst>    get better people!  laugh "
wohoo! third place!  laugh 
celtics ftw!! what a great game!!  laugh   laugh 
who were the blue people by the waterway??  laugh 
two parties today o o
<propfemale>'s b-day was pretty legit 
fathers day love 
nothing to do todayy    text smile 
you know who's pretty cool? <propfemale> jathes  she's pretty cool 
zumba classes with <propfemale> mathes smile 
practice was    interesting    
tournament! three games today  laugh 
two or three games today    woke up at 6:15 d:
had three games today    took a four hour nap and just woke up smile 
has a free weekend 
"you know, everyones been to these super cool places and are doing all these camps    when i've barely been outside the woodlands  i feel like a vacation outcast "
i just found out there was a hurricane   
happy fourth! smile 
just saw the most rad fireworks ever  o m g 
"like this status and i'll tell you something i like about you, something i dislike, and my first impression of you smile "
market street with alayna smile  red  mango 
shoot out and pictures tonight! ya'll are goin down 
"dude, its raining on my parade   sad "
 wink 
"duude, formspring turned so boring "
tournament this weekend! i'll see you someplace on saturday    at a time 
up early for the games today  playful 
"had lots of fun with <propfemale> today! smile  and no, i dont stumble when i walk, wii fit  thanks for asking "
innersquad scrimmage= awthum  was late to the first game! d: but had tons of fun     ride home with <propfemale> was interesting  poor angel-tot 
i have made a decision to collect all the deep-sea tots 
"basketball, from monday to sunday, from here to san <propfirst>! wont be free until the first     _ "
practice tonight!
"aaand now, for the rest of my summer   smile "
is bored  <propfemale> out? text it up   smile 
"i wish i was like, 6\8 """
i wish school started in december or something  august is waaay too soon 
just got the worst news    
dentist today! mouthshots? bring it on!!
laughing gas is legal crack 
i just love food   
lazy saturday love 
kung pow: enter the fist
my dad just called someone a fag   
whoah  why on earth is school starting in an almost week?  crying 
orientation tomorrow 
"schedule!\pre-algebra: bruce\health com app: <propfirst>, wilson\language arts ap: horton\us history: williams\chamber choir!: flowers\scienceap: kemper \girls ath- edgar \anyone have classes??"
juuust saw vampires suck    very funny  the real movie shouldve been like that 
"before i die, i have to go see saturday night live, live  i will die unhappy if i don't "
"last day of, summerr   annoyed  school tomorrow??     yikes "
school tomorrow  it still feels kinda weird just typing that   
every weekend is a mini-summer 
"school tomorrow    athletics starts, choir rep craziness, and tons of papers  business as usual "
"today, i realized something \it's possible to spell \fag\"" on a scantron \",e8122a53da10aa04aac298fe7ebc325b,"guess what guys  ?! \its alayna's birthday!!"
"sick    lost my voice  \cant find it \maybe i'll go to school, maybe i wont but i still feel really gross     annoyed "
finally feeling better! took four days!
"with <propfemale>, just saw the other guys    ropes course tomorrow!  laugh "
full ladder+ post-workout smoothie+ homework for five classes= a day in the life of me 
cp game tonight! my hermit self has weekend plans? awesome  smile 
"touchdown in overtime! hugged the mascot, got on the big screen    it was good smile "
rush concert tonight!
"could'nt go to practice because of steinbeck \he has ruined me "
"lol, 333 friends "
"i throw my hands up in the air sometimes, sayin aaaa-oh, where'd my haands go   ?!"
"such a chill mood, fridays are awesome when you have like zero homework  good weekend, people  smile "
weekend!
"going to see my show choir children     <propfemale> mathes, <propfemale> <propmale> and katja yanko! smile  good luck lovelies "
so    what are you being for halloween   ?
"finally the weekend! movies tonight, game tomorrow then i might chill with <propfemale> mathes!  smile "
"choir concert!! college park auditorium, 7 surprise 0pm, come see us!! woohoo!"
happy!
i walk in my house and there are cinnamon rolls  thank you jesus 
noo school tomorrow! lucky me!  laugh 
este status é oficialmente em português   smile 
"today was, pretty good  its way too early to be physced about basketball tryouts but i cant help it!  wink "
"i'm wearing a cowboy hat tomorrow     everyone should wear a cowboy hat tomorrow,  laugh "
volleyball game!
dance later!
"www formspring me thisisntkylie\    do it  i'm bored, ( annoyed ask me something interesting "
"dynasty camp, then trick or treating!! great day ahead,  smile "
how can people like dark chocolate? its so effing bitter 
busy week  busier weekend  auuugh 
"you know what? you should text me  bored,"
made the team!!!!!!! whoo!
"year 14,  smile "
"apparently i got an extra hour of sleep? still, i woke up completely tired    yesterday was huge! and so was last night,  love  extremely funn  ready to chill today "
"deear party goers,\      we have succesfully raised $240 for the aspca!! thank you so much for coming to the party, not to mention donating, and making my birthday fun  the puppies will appreciate it  love "
first free weekend in a looong time  too bad its about 2356991336 hours away 
friday! thank the lord!
"tuesdays are always good because mondays suck, and the universe needs to pay me back for the damage it's done  "
first game tomorrow! wish  us  luck! smile 
beat schultz 37 to 12    even though the school is in the middle of a cornfield    we did good smile  great team this yearr!
"woww, everyone decided to go out of town? nice \everyone can suck it  texas is better smile "
"just got back from the cp games with <propfemale> <propfirst>, aesja essix, isabela medinaand lots more    it was fun! my dad sure was happy in the jv game    "
"hahaha home from slugfest practicee with <propfemale>, jackie,\<propfemale> sanchez and rens kremer    it was interesting!"
"thanksgiving  time, to get fat "
ahh  isn't it refreshing to walk outside in shorts and its 40 degrees? :i
"<propmale> potter, sucked  a lot "
"man, i love <propmale> cook "
"last day of the break    this, makes me incredibly excited for christmas break,  smile  even though its way to far away  "
"weelll, now that i want it to be friday, its  only  tuesday   sad "
"tomorrows friday  i've been waiting for this, all  week  \thank you jesus!"
"<propfemale>, slugfest today! and maybe the choir-chili thing later   ( annoyed good day to come!"
"monday tomorrow  _ \seriously  "
wtff  new profile muchh? d:
"whattup with all these facebook fights? kinda lame  kinda pointless  kinda, immature "
choir  effing  concert 
"<propfemale>, hangin with <propfemale> mathes tonight! movies,  smile "
in the best mood ever! just decorated for christmas    there are even little christmas trees in all the bathrooms! smile 
"i was on youtube, and i was the 47,747 viewer of a video \omg  d laugh "
"last day before break    so happy  i've been waiting for this one since thaksgiving,  smile "
"sooo, break is finally here! aannd, it was happily started off with a night around the town  sushi, of course! smile "
christmas shopping was interesting today  very       interesting  
big day tommorrow!  smile 
"me and kolby just did the cinnamon challenge  and, we failed  baaad "
i dare you to try    snorting it  :i
"today was funn! got tons of shopping done, and gifts dropped off    onto tomorrow, time to cook  d:"
cooking with my mom! god we have so much food this year   
"<propfemale> christmas, people!  smile "
onto week two! yay break! smile 
tommorow= great! i can alreadyy sense it  (;
"hadd funn at the mall with <propfemale> mathes, makenzie isom and <propfemale>    p s-- kinsey <propmale> and <propfemale> journee     you were missed!  crying "
"home from the games with <propfemale> <propfirst>, jewels campbell, <propfemale> fitzpatrick, devyn fitzpatrick, and offf course ms abby lopez    that was fun, love you guys! smile  except jewels  i sorta kinda like jewels(;"
am i the only one who doesn't like country music?!
"ice skating and movie with <propfemale> mathes, then new year's celebration with <propfemale> journee! happy new year's <propfemale>, people! smile "
power just went off at my house? come on now 
"oh, my god  just tried nutella for the first time  now i know why australians put it on everything  why wouldn't they? it's freaking delicious!"
beat peet!! 41-21    fightin' cubs? more like kittens   smile 
onn my way to walmart! smile 
"college stationn today! can we say, first place champions?! lets go get it! smile "
why is ghost adventures so entertaining?
"sooo, the weekend went by in aboutt  1276 seconds "
"i freaking hate when i come home, and someone ate my freaking cereal \not cool! sad "
"whoohoo! weekend, and could not be happier  one of the longest weeks of my life  seriously "
i'm seriously enjoying this une playful ected three day weekend thing  mostly because all of the projects i didn't do were due friday  agree?
"the facebook world is divided between the packers and steelers  personally, i didn't even know who was playing until this morning   "
"hopefullyyyyy, gonna be at school tomorrow    smile "
"tmea, woww wowww  best  day  ever  even though i had to wake up four hours early for nothing  good job, choir kids  love, love, and love  smile "
sooo gladd its friday! another looooong week!
"sooooo, <propfirst>'s day tomorrow! maybe, it'll be fun at school     but you know there probably not going to do anything   annoyed  that's knox for you "
sick  again 
i  have  the  flu! won't be at school until monday   
i already reallyyyyy wish that it was summer  i want warm weather and no school   
"fun night planned ahead with <propfemale> mathes! smile    \reuniteddddddd!"
how am i sick again ?
trying to be back at school tomorrow!
"phones broken    \\ughhhh"
whhyyy is *everyone* ditching school friday for spring breakk?? im not even going anywhere  
battle: los <propfemale> is the bessssst freaking movie ever! seriously  
spring break every week? i think yes 
funnn karaoke nighht! (;
"don't you just love early release, from early release? smile "
tommorrows already monday    i hope the last nine weeks go by this fast!
kind of tired of all the chat spam 
