3e4784c524370440884f98c5598047f3
is listening to some old school wrestling theme songs haha
really needs a new photo to replace the boc symbol
oh im just taking it easy back home for now and preparing for my last semester  its hard to believe how fast if goes sometimes haha
is in disbelief that i am back on facebook again
is alive with samhain
"is working on what will be the next \world's best screenplay\""     blue hotel """
is finished with blue hotel the short screenplay     get ahold of me if you wish to read!
is working on a paper  could be the last one     
is completely finished with undergrad finals forever     
don't talk shit about total! haha
is now 24 years of age  sounds like fun 
had a damn good night and couldn't be happier 
"oh, kid cudi  you are the pink <propmale> of rap and i love it!"
thinks the grad classes will go ok  there may be four article samples to read for thursday but he'll live  he always does 
is ready for a great weekend  smile 
is enjoying the weekend with the lady 
is in the best place he can be right now : )
and now to start a long day of reading followed by a three hour class     who's excited?
is trying to enjoy reading about received view and scientific theory     and     it's     interesting?
is rocking out to some zz top! is there anthing better during intense study guide making?
well it happened   they called me out in class and made me participate  knew it was a matter of time haha   
where the hell have i been!? the coen brothers had a new movie out and i didn't even know it till now? i gotta get my shit together!
kicking off <propfirst>'s weekend by doing homework in the miami library   5 smile 0 needs to come sooner  smile 
can't wait for 9 smile 0 to roll around   
has a discussion to lead tonight! wish me well as i show off some guest-student gusto!
there are some sick people out there 
i think brownie the bear needs a facebook  anybody wanna help me get one started over break or something?
wishes he was back in oxford  sad 
doesn't care what they say <propmale> collins' 80s work is timeless!!!
wants to locate movies as good bad as death row diner over spring break  slime city and evil spawn are out there somewhere!
anybody out there dig on early <propfirst> <propfirst>? you all should!!
"i am convinced that <propfirst> levin is one of the greatest bass players in modern rock  he is now in my list of greats with geddy <propfirst>, flea, and <propmale> claypool "
so would everybody agree that studying the intercultural relations between anglo-australians and aboriginal australian tribes is a good research topic? it sounds interesting to me  let me know champs 
well soon it will be off to my first graduate level exam on philosophical foundations of communication theory where i can display my epistemological knowlege 
"as <propmale> <propfirst> would say \it's hip to be square\"" """
and so begins part 2 of research paper proposal 2010 
looks like somebody's got a case of the mondays!
is feeling blah 
i must say rush is one of the best bands there will ever be  this is a scientific fact 
you're face to face with the man who sold the world 
"there's a starman waiting in the sky  he'd like to come and meet us, but he thinks he'll blow our minds   "
"just got my first grad paper back  thought it was surely an f or d   turns out it was a b  not bad <propfirst>, not bad at all   "
you've got your mother in a whirl 'cause she's not sure if your a boy or a girl 
<propfirst> bowie kicks way too much ass  i'm a quarter of a way through listening to all of his work and already i'm proclaiming him as one of my top ten favorite artists ever  definitely my kind of rock 
"convinced that \kid gloves\"" is one of the most underrated and underrappreciated songs by rush """
"sometimes the point of the journey isn't always getting there, but changing along the way "
got a 170 out of 200 on a midterm for a doctoral level class with phd students  grad school may be calling   
celebrating my 7 year anniversary of the day i discovered rush   
oh my tvc 15   
hand over fist  paper arond the stone  scissors cut the paper and the rock must stand alone 
feels its time to start playing drums again 
"why does it happen? because it happens, roll the bones   "
let's dance tonight on virtual wings  press this key to see amazing things   
has two papers on his trail and they want done   
we come into the world and take our chances  fate is just the weight of circumstances  that's the way that lady luck dances so just roll the bones   
"thinks \time will crawl\"" is an underrated bowie song """
you belong in rock and roll 
what a nice day out there  this coming from being indoors 
is relaxing with <propfirst> and going to hollywood  smile 
really wishes he had a <propfemale> masterworks 7-piece set right about now   maybe someday 
enjoying some murmur by r e m  underrated and overlooked if you ask me 
a better future   good bowie song  really speaks to me lately   
needs to submit some <propmale> terms before 6 
is your boogieman   
is revisiting the wall   the greatest album ever   
is remembering <propfemale> tech today and how bad i felt reading those first few sentences on cnn com   
studying with the peplet in da 'brary   
just saw a thirty-ish woman wearing a yo gabba-gabba t-shirt with all of the characters on the front  wow haha   
is thinking about sticking with communication studies if grad school calls later   what are your thoughts people?
about to start a marathon-style paper writing session   man i really should not have put this off so long haha 
just wanna shout out a happy b-day to iggy pop! one cool cat   
just saw a kid in the library that looks just like beavis from beavis and butthead  he was even wearing a blue shirt  hope i see butthead soon!
10 pager down and a 20 pager to go   
"so much style over substance, it's hard to separate the crap from what's wothwhile   "
when the song changes keys one must keep in tune 
"just tried to help a dying squirrel i found an hour ago on campus  couldn't do much , but it was definitely worth a try  hope it makes it "
"writing a paper about \whiteness\"" in the office tv show and there is a guy in the computer lab who looks like <propfirst> and is in a similar corner  i feel like i'm in the \""office\"" and waiting for <propfirst> to come out of the door behind me and say something stupid!"""
relying on some <propfirst> <propfirst> dio to get me through this long day of paper writing 
"thinks <propmale> vai is a god of guitar   passion and warfare, nuff said "
i am the outsider  a nightwatchman with no eyes 
thinking grad school may be a calling someday soon   let's roll 
working on a take home final all day   
working on an intercultural take home final   ohhhh which perspective of intercultural research shall i focus on? postcolonial? social scientific? whiteness studies?
cranking out my last grad class exam  gonna miss this scene   
"now sees why \november rain\"" is an awesome song  never really listened to it before   """
i have just found out dio is dead  that really sucks 
listening to the holy diver album  may another great god of rock rest in the night!
not having a very good day  at all 
"gotta get in shape and start getting some changes together  been a good break for the past two weeks, but i have a whole list to start working on!"
then came the last days of may  boc reference anyone?
thinks fallout 3 is pretty cool 
"come august, i am more than likely going to see my favorite band: rush!!!"
currently high on my favorite drug   music 
poor hopper   blue <propfemale> performance was a favorite of mine   
"just finished a drum exercise  my arms are tired, but i feel surprisingly stronger   "
is reading some rather dark local history   
listening to some classic yes and marvelling at the <propfemale> that is <propmale> bruford!
"<propmale> parsons project is \winding me up\"" """
"on my free time, i have decided to finally give a real listen to the albums of the beatles and after being only halfway done and not to the truly creative stuff yet, i am already a fan   "
"\miracles out of nowhere\"" by kansas - excellent stuff """
"hanging in blue springs, missouri  vacation times are near "
jamming to the mahavishnu orchestra and missing peplet and colorado   
listening to some classic police  <propfemale> is timeless   
needs a drumkit  maybe <propmale> peart will sell me one someday   a man can only wait and wonder sometimes   
"facebook, i am vastly disappointed in the fact that you will not let me edit my likes and interests right now  you lose points my friend   "
<propmale> marley and the police are in my head currently   too good of artists combined for a great effect   
asking a serious question: would anyone like to start a band  with me when i get a drumset? im thinking playing everything and anything   
literally chilling with my dog in my air-conditioned nightmare!
<propmale> and eric: you guys are hilarious 
"\a mind is like a parachute  it doesn't work if it isn't open\"" - <propfirst> zappa"""
had a very good day at the lake  smile 
i miss my peplet and we're only twenty minutes apart   
is listening to jazz from hell   
what a hot day 
no country for old men  such a good film 
goodnight f-book 
i love my peplet  izz true 
getting a haircut tonight  a new <propfirst> will be born  smile 
"room's a mess, but getting rid of stuff feels sooooooo gooooood (homestar runner teens girl squad voice) "
getting myself together tonight   i have things to do and someone who matters too much to me   
"in the mood for an ingmar bergman film  \wild strawberries\"" would be just right   """
enjoying some trout mask replica by captain beefheart  i recommend   
had a great time this weekend with awesome people and the one most special to me  smile  now on to some job searching!
"i have to admit that i recently saw the movie juno, and really liked it  it's true!"
listening to the thrills and searching cincinnati for jobs  gotta wrap up this night!
why am i so forgetful lately?  sad 
i really need to talk less about doing things and actually do them  sometimes it takes the fear of losing something important to make you realize you need to get yourself together 
winding down my night with some rush and radiohead  another day begins tomorrow   
"well, mom drove me crazy today with yardwork chores amidst my job searching quest  on the other hand, i did complete some pertinent steps to this journey  a long and tiring day and i'm missing someone again   "
has been dancing with mr  brownstone (not really just enjoying the song!) 
knows its hard to hold a candle in the cold november rain   
pulled a few weeds tonight 
"god, i love <propmale> young's music  great musician and person all-around "
there are nights when i feel like a broken arrow without a quiver or a clue 
sometimes a conversation is all it takes   
comes a time when actions speak louder than words and i'm all out of words   
"today was a good day  resume is finally to my liking, searched for jobs for 4 hours applying to at least 5 (and many more this week), filled out a substitute teacher app, ran 2 <propmale>, and still had some time leftover to learn a few <propmale> young guitar parts "
my mind and body are moving a thousand <propmale> a minute today 
"is having another \poetic moment\"" """
six hours of searching today   more to come 
"reminded of how upsetting it is when god takes the talented ones so early   guess he needs them more  i like to think that, at least "
i'll always be a dreamin' man 
"just finished jogging at the \voir\"" """
long may you run 
doesn't care what anybody thinks  <propfirst> stipe still has one of the best voices of our times   
so the new <propmale> young album rocks like i hoped it would  i think there's a little bit for everybody 
i hold no cards and no grudges today  all you see is all i am 
i am now a kid cudi convert  some of the best rap i've ever heard 
october is here and i'm ready 
it's 3 a m  and i need you 
what a gray and depressing day  i need something uplifting for this apparent dismay 
loving this fall weather   
is on a stairway to the stars   
"\red and black  it's their color scheme \"""""
you'll be a hard luck woman till you find your man 
watching new south park with jersey shore parody  i hope this is good   
it's a jersey thing  you just gotta be from jersey!
my tomorrow is your today 
"needs ideas for a halloween costume  i don't want to go as <propfirst> wiebe again, i was him last year   "
"they didn't write me one, so i'm making my own happy ending   "
is feeling a little friday night full <propfemale> fever   
let's talk about me for a while   
"happy birthday <propfemale> wiebe! (yea, it's my mom's b-day in case no one could tell)"
"thinks he belongs back in school (grad school), and most certainly not in a small northwest ohio town in the dead of fall  i'll be roaring down that road like a storm on your porch when my tide comes "
so a few of my friends commented earlier that snookie may be my type  interesting haha   
happy all hallows' <propfemale>!!!!
don't burn a bridge you might need on the way back home   
nothing like a little freezing rain at 4 p m 
i love it when i outsmart life 
"i think i'm gonna watch a really bad movie tonight  i'm in the mood for something very stupid, obscure, and outdated  too bad video spectrum isn't at my disposal as easily as it used to be "
"if you aren't true, then i don't want to know you  save your nonsense for another "
"plug me into the zen machine and set it to the <propmale>, cause' i ain't coming back "
got the transcript today  now on to the certificate   
today is a good day to listen to my favorite lennon songs  r i p 
who's excited for the new coen bros  flick? this guy right here 
finally saw inception  mind status: blown
"time  you can be my best friend and my worst enemy at the same time, but i always rely on you, don't i?"
the biology of purpose keeps my nose above the surface 
still believe die hard is one of the best christmas movies there is  if only i could live my life a little more like <propfirst> mcclane  yippie ki-yay!
i'm floating closer to your shore and maybe i'll reach the beach in time to beat the tide 
true grit was true great 
i have successfully entered my quarter life (that is to say that i reach 100)! so what's a single 25 year-old guy like me gonna do?  he's gonna have himself a good time  that's what he's gonna do  smile 
thank you all for the birthday wishes yesterday! you guys are awesome and some of us should <propfemale> out more if ever in the same neighborhood  all in all it was a good one!
happy birthday jesus  i hope i get that miracle i asked for   
relaxin' with some dr  dre and seinfeld 
"spending the afternoon of the last day of the year reminiscing 2010 and reflecting with some classic rush  \in the end\"" is a good tune for this moment   """
"i know it's already been said plenty, but happy new years!!!!!"
i sip the rum cause' it's long time before the boat will come   
successfully saved a large amount of money for a drum <propfemale> in the future  now do i want acoustic or electronic? any musicians or other contributors care to help with my dilemma?
just finished a 3 hour game of <propfemale> wars monopoly  i didn't even come close to winning and emperor palpatine made a lot of visits to the jail!
"i know few are signing up for the part, but i'll take the role of the one with the open heart "
doing some volunteer work in about 8 hours 
i have added sirius by <propmale> parsons project as one of the best songs to get ready for your day in the morning  damn good stuff 
"hey, everybody, while we're changing the zodiac signs around, why not change 12 months to 13! my birthday is now obember 23rd  guess i'm waiting 12 months for cake and ice cream, huh?"
"thinking about just going somewhere someday  not sure when, where, and i may not even be sure why, but i can tell you this town has run dry "
off to see what saturday night will bring me 
"i think <propmale> would be proud that i'm still \temporarily\"" using a purple phone  what an awesome color """
"watching my man, <propfirst> de niro win a <propfemale> globe award "
"if you saw me standing and waiting in line, would you tell if i was wasting my time?"
"wow, i learned something new tonight  smile "
prove you're still alive or they're gonna think you can't survive 
life's a lot like fishing  you won't catch anything unless you cast something  think i may go down to the river today   
"pumped some serious iron today, thanks to my coach, mr  <propfirst> thompson!"
"you know, when thinking about it, i feel i probably would have felt more at home wielding a sword and standing for some code of honor in a lost forgotten time  where's the dignity these days?"
"tomorrow, i am probably going to get a ticket for an april show of the best band in the world   rush!!!"
happy birthday papa wiebe!! (he has no facebook i can comment on) 
"you can tell me that i got no class, look around, you'll see who's laughing last  don't give me speeches, cuz they oh so droll', leave me alone, let me rock and roll "
lmfao   really? i'm a little amused about now   
"i didn't know you very well, but it still pains me to hear news like this  r i p "
"oh, cute girl at the hospital workout room, you make weekday afternoons oooohhhhh so nice  smile "
"you can remind me of all the things i may never be, but i'll keep going, because i know i have much better coming to me "
"well, i have to say my life's story has been fairly interesting until lately  the end of ch  24 and beginning of ch  25 are a little dull and repetitive  time to shake this writer's block and give this story a much needed surprise twist  different setting, more characters, and a better theme "
"well, it's official  exactly two months from tonight, i will be spending an evening with rush  it will be amazing   "
"it's okay to lose track and veer in a different direction, just try not to lose your head along the way "
"i'd love for a symphony, but i'd be more than happy to take a masterpiece   "
my tooth <propfemale> plastics have a score to settle with your shelled vice-versa 
"if i dare to be, can i still be me?"
"wow, what a day it's been   "
"i hope things get better for you, <propmale>  i'll be thinking of you   "
"been doing some thinking lately and i concluded that i liked college so much that i may look into someday going back (grad school that is)  i'm going to contact lady luck, dr  <propmale>, mr  fate, and my own freewill to see what we can come up with  oh yeah, and some advisors, too!"
anybody interested in a surrogate <propfirst> for today? i'll be single all day  women only  send resumes  no e playful erience necessary  offer ends soon 
happy singles awareness day everybody!!!!
someday   
ohh rush   a band that appeals to both guys who like to fix cars as well as guys who like to fix math problems  smile 
"my victories may sometimes look small, but brick by brick, i'm taking down my wall   "
might as well live for what you love  what else are we doing?
i have to say it was strange seeing one of my musical heroes just win an <propfirst>  <propmale> reznor is awesome  enough said 
let's roll   
"\long live the new flesh\"""""
a damn successful day it has been 
"good night, you've all been great!"
"looks like i'm gonna see my favorite musicians and favorite comedian both in the same month  april, you will rock!"
"man, i love me some <propmale> parsons project "
burger <propmale>  where all dragon masters eat   
starting my new job on monday  and it's mainly outdoors!!!
