9c7d2884f2a977b0e28e44dae6547512
studying for finals   
finally done with school!!!  laugh 
had an awesome day!!!
cactus is cool
was playing halo with <propmale> batman and cactus til <propmale> and cactus quit   but i actually beat batman   which is a big deal   but he only used grenades   i used my gun and grenades   lol   
freaking bored!!!
freaking playing halo with <propmale> and batman and they are freaking cheating!!! we cant even take down their sheilds!!! freakin sore losers!!! go jump off a bridge   lol   and drown for 5 seconds   but survive   unfortunately   
freaking me and batman just built an awesome map on halo   we even have our own houses on it   lol   and cactus lives in the taco shack   and <propmale> lives in the dumpster!!! the only reason i have a house is cause i deleted batmans house   so i rebuilt i
tonight is my last night in ct   im so excited!!! were leaving at 4 in the morning!!!  smile 
going back to <propfemale> in the morning   ill be starting school soon   ugh   lol   
today was my first day of school   it went great   everybody is sooo nice here!!!
just got back from the game   it was amazing   nothing like i e playful ected!!!
going to the game tonight   go wildcats!!!
some people need to define the word friendship!!!
have to clean today   got company coming later   gotta help cook all day tomorrow  annoyed 
hopefully tomorrow will be a good day   unlike today  annoyed 
things are getting better  smile    only 13 more days  laugh 
leaving at midnight!!!  smile 
finally home   hopefully new years will go better than christmas   
mw2 as soon as my dad gets off it   hopefully that will be soon   lol    smile 
watching movies with mom and tina   wonder what were gonna watch next   lol   
i smelled a baseball hat under your bed because i'm cool like that   
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
boreddd   
love my new hair   its so different  smile 
ordered my class ring!!!
feeling a little better   
just got outta the pool with family   might go watch a movie with <propmale> and tina   maybe   
going to sc   gonna <propfemale> out with my bff mysti!!! i also have to drive there   hope it goes good   lol   
only 2 and 1 2 days of school left   thank god!!!  smile  and only 3 more days till i go swim with dolphins!!!  laugh 
today was the last day of school   thank god   had a great time with everyone at peppers today!!!  smile 
got my classes fixed today   freaking got english honors back on my schedule unfortunately   so now i really have to pick up on my reading   ughhh   but good thing is   i got physics with <propfemale> second semester!!! yayyy!!! but my <propmale> year looks like its gonna be a good and easy year  smile 
8 more days until doomsday!!!
anbody wanna <propfemale> out   go do something   ??? just text me if u want to do something   my # is on my <propfemale> info   
spent the weekend with my bff <propfemale> heatherly
<propfemale> <propfemale> henderson is a slutty pig!!! hahaha  playful 
attention facebook friends   please ignore <propfemale> <propfemale> henderson   she's a little on the dumb side   she's always saying negative things about me on my wall   
comment me a color! black -i h?te you  pink -i f?ncy you  purple -i would d?te you  blue -i did love you  red -i do love you  silver -we ?re close  gold -i like you  green -i will ?lw?ys love you  orange -i think you’re sexy  yellow -you’re my best friend  brown -you’re funny  put this ?s your st?tus and see wh?t colours you get!
get home and see all my posters ripped in half   freaking little kids!!! way to put a downer on my day   now im just super bored cause everyone is asleep   feel free to hit up the cell   
just woke up not too long ago   had a great nap   lol   now im gonna go kill <propfemale> and her freaking stupid country music!!! ughhh
i guess im going to the waterfront   
just about had a heart attack when i turned and looked at the computer and saw a spider come running across the desk towards me   in less than a second i was all the way outta the room   i knocked chairs down and everything   hahaha   im such a spaz when it comes to spiders   
goodnight facebook friends  smile 
super bored   nothing to do since its late  annoyed 
heading to the base track to run with my bff <propfemale> heatherly  smile 
hanging out at my house tonight   hoping my bff <propfemale> gets to come over so we can <propfemale> out   
my bff is going to the game and i don't want to go so i'm flying solo tonight  sad 
going for a run with my bff <propfemale>
had an intresting night with someone   totally took me by surprise     smile 
starting to see things clearer   
"people should be sure of what they want before they take action  a kiss is supposed to be a special moment shared between two people, not something you run around giving to every girl that catches your eye  it can be misleading and cruel "
i got batman silly bands! woohoo!
had a great night ?    going to <propmale> world in a lil while   
out to eat and then going to the waterfront  smile 
"having a great day so far  got my hw done early thanks to my wonderful and awesome mom, shawnett miller! then i got to play in the rain, or more like dragged outside and threw into the puddles   lol   and here in a little while i get to have a huge family dinner! good times, good times, good times   smile "
had a great day at school    thanks to all my awesome friends    took a nap and got up and filled out my first job application   i really hope i get a call back   
"omg!!! just went and bought halo reach!!! got a poster, a beanie, and a $20 gift card with it!!! freaking sweet!!!  laugh "
"fixing to go play halo reach finally  stupid hw, ive been waiting to play it all day!"
had a great day at school today   had a good time hanging out with my bff <propfemale> heatherly at the game   maybe dinner and a movie tomorrow night   
"heading to peppers to meet with the friends, then going to the movies to watch easy a     smile "
just got home  had a great time with my friends!  smile 
"i hope i got all my hw done, dont exactly remember everything i had to do   oh well  going outside to lay underneath the stars  smile "
"snobby girls come from new york  sweet girls come from alabama  but we kentucky girls have fire and ice in our blood  we can ride four wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw left hooks, drink with the boys, and if we really have an opinion you can bet ur ass ur gonna hear it   smile "
"im so sick *cough, cough*  i dont think im gonna make it to *cough, cough* school today   how unfortunate  crying "
i might crumble i might take a fall again
got to go to school tomorrow  sad  well i got the feeling i was missed today though   lol   
"just got done cleaning the kitchen for <propmale>, at least im getting a good deal outta it though  smile  now i have to go do hw  crying "
"just got home from helping tutor for the writing test, i feel very smart now   lol   had a pretty good day at school, glad tomorrow is friday!  smile  got to go do hw now     sad "
"give up on reading the <propfemale> letter   i just cant get into it, i fall asleep every time i try to read it  i'm probably going to fail the test tomorrow   great! glad tomorrow is friday! got so many plans this weekend!  laugh "
"   since everyone else is doin it for the next 2hours, you can ask me just one question (only in my inbox) that i will answer with complete honesty  i dare you to put this as your status and see what you get asked   "
"so far having a great day  went and volunteered at the salvation army this moring, it was tiring but fun   lol   fixing to go to my bff <propfemale> heatherly's house!  laugh "
going to the waterfront!  smile 
i just turned in another job application   i really hope i get a call back   got my fingers crossed   
"i like it on my nightstand, and sometimes in my chair, and occasionally on my dresser   "
"done cleaning, finally  probably gonna go get on reach and get the challenge of the day with <propmale>, then im gonna go to bed, lol  can't wait for tomorrow!  laugh "
"finally saw the greatest guy ever today, my dad, glad he's home! now none of us are gonna have a care in the world again   lol     smile "
"had a great day at school today   laugh  writing test sucked though,  annoyed  it was the stupidest topic ever for a persuasive essay! eventually gonna do my hw, then just chill for the rest of the day   lol     smile "
had a great day today!  laugh  gonna chill for a while  halo reach later!  laugh 
had a great day  just got done making the scarecrow and carving a pumpkin   we all did a great job!  smile  really hoping we can decorate more  i'm gonna have to talk the parents into it   lol   
"glad i got to stay home today  having a great day! helped dad take his system and everything else out of his truck today, can't believe sombody is already buying his truck   crying  got my car windows tinted today, can't wait to help dad put a system in my car this weekend!  laugh "
"im a little late on posting this, but i finally got my system in my car! it didnt take as long as i thought it would   lol   it sounds pretty good right now, but its gonna sound even better once i get some bigger speakers, i cant wait!  laugh "
"had a pretty good day at school, it was a pretty fun   lol   glad i dont have that much work to make up   smile  going to go do hw now then chill the rest of the day "
greatest day ever! my dad surprised me and replaced my 8's in the car with 12's   it sounds amazing now!  laugh 
"been all over jacksonville and camden today with <propfemale> white and her family, staying at her house tonight!  smile  going to brunswick with my parents tomorrow to look at phones!  smile "
just got my new phone!  laugh 
on the bus  had a pretty good day at school  really tired though   annoyed 
pretty good day at school  not that much hw tonight!  laugh  on my way home 
today is going to be a pretty busy day   i'm gonna have a lot of hw tonight  sad 
"yep, a lot of hw     sad "
"had a great, fun day at school, rest of day was great too! going shopping tomorrow!  smile "
"so i'm officially going to homecoming now, i got my dress and shoes and everything picked out! thanks mom and dad, i love you both!  smile "
i'm such a nerd!
"heading to school, today should be a fun day!  smile "
babysitting   gonna get paid today!  smile  today is gonna be a busy day   homecoming later!  smile 
"homecoming was amazing, i had a lot of fun!  laugh "
no hw tonight!!! that means i can just chill today!  smile 
once again no hw!  laugh  i'm think fable 3 most of the day   lol   
had a really good day at school   smile  this weekend is going to be amazing!  laugh 
mysti is finally here! going to the movies tonight!  smile 
just got home  today was  probably the most fun i've ever had at school   lol   glad i got to get a feel for the filming industry!  smile 
playing black ops!  smile 
"happy veterans day to those who have and are serving our country, much appreciation and love goes out to all for the sacrifices you make! especially my dad, <propmale> miller, love you!  smile "
home!  smile  had a huge surprise waiting for me when i got picked up   lol   probably going out with my friends tonight  going to be a great weekend!  smile 
"so i had a great end to a school day, i got to see my <propmale> cj that i haven't seen in like forever   glad he moved back here   lol   now <propfirst> just needs to move back   "
babysitting   later gonna <propfemale> out with <propfemale> and start cooking a few things for tomorrow!  smile 
holy crap   i just got a phone call from <propfemale> wishing me a <propfemale> christmas   hahaha
just got done chilling with <propfemale> and corey   pretty fun night   lol   
had fun over at <propfemale>'s house! ready to go to sleep now   lol   its been a looonnnggg dayyy   
"so my dad just threw me on the ground and repeatedly hit me in the face   well not literally, but he did throw me on the ground and repeatedly hit me in the arm   dads   lol   they never grow up   hahaha  smile "
had a blast over at <propfemale>'s today   ready to go to sleep now   lol   
so we ended up opening all our presents tonight   lol   which was awesome cause now i've got my new amazing tv! thanks mom and dad   i love yal sooo much!  laugh 
my key chain is finally complete now that my amazing parents gave me my car key! yay! i love yal so much!  laugh 
just got all my hair chopped off   i love it though!  smile 
"1st: personal fitness  healthii- west\2nd: acting i- hill\3rd: physics i- lyster\4th: public speaking- woolf"
last day of freedom     sad 
"had a good day at school, pretty fun day actually  trying to figure out what to do tonight   lol   "
i guess i'm going to a party at the cumberland inn tonight  one of my aunt's friends is performing there 
"fixing to go to bed, really tired   had fun at the party though!  smile "
had a great day at school!  smile 
"just got done going over my actions exercise for acting class tomorrow  i hope i don't forget one of the steps, and that everything goes good tomorrow!  smile "
"had a good day at school, did good on my acting thing, even got to see some old friends, and its friday! what a great day!  smile "
"so i threw <propfemale> <propfemale> heatherly and <propfemale> <propmale> a surprise birthday party last night  it went very well, they didnt even see it coming   lol   but i couldn't of done it without my amazing mother shawnett miller!!! so i hope everybody had fun! love you guys!  smile "
tired of all this freaking school work! ready for this weekend!  smile 
dyed my hair again   it actually looks red this time  it looks really good!  smile 
finally ate at chick-fil-a here   hahaha   
ready for the weekend!  smile 
"had fun at school today, ready to get tomorrow over with already   lol     smile "
cleaned my baby (my car) today  it looks amazing!  smile  it looks even newer   lol   
"been working hard all weekend   lol   been blaring the music and painting the deck all day today with shawnett miller and <propmale> miller   had a blast! oh <propmale>, <propmale>, and hairy helped too   hahaha  smile "
"finally finished the deck today   thank goodness   lol   it looks amazing! i'm burnt now, but at least i had fun, and dad will be so proud of us!  smile  ready for a real break now   lol   "
"had fun at the mad hatter tea shop and waterfront with <propfemale>, meggie, and <propfemale>   smile "
been super busy today! i've been driving and walking everywhere  pretty good day though  dying my hair right now   smile 
"not a red head anymore, dyed it back close to my original color   have to keep it this way until after senior pics     sad "
"so one of the <propfirst> <propfirst> terriers that gets out all the time went to one neighbors house pooped in their front yard, then wiped his butt in front of their front door  he then went to its other neighbors house and peed by their front door  he really don't like those 2 neighbors   hahaha"
"hey you village idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals    yeah, i'm talking to you do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are disrespecting gave his or her life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity! feel free to copy and post-i did because i wasn't afraid to e playful ress my undying gratitude to every single service person past, present and future "
i really hate grenades and e playful loding barrels   they get me every time   annoyed 
"had fun today  <propmale> out with the family  went to applebees, then the movies to watch rango, and then to sonic  overall it was a good day!  smile "
watching supernatural!  smile 
i got a lead on a part time job!!! turning in my app  tomorrow 
gonna go get some sleep  got to take my drivers test in the morning   hopefully ill pass   annoyed 
just got my license   what a relief!  smile 
had an amazing morning   wish i could go back in time and get mr  sexy's digits   hahaha   end of school sucked   because i'm a moron and left my lights on all day and killed my battery  i felt so stupid   lol   but everything is all good now!  smile 
"at the car wash at cumberland inn  everyone should come and get your car washed, there is also a bake sale, and its all for donations for a guy that just came out of a coma and needs help "
"home for good for the day   hahaha   just got back from the movies  had a great day, extremely burnt though "
"finished my first day of testing, woo!"
blueberry
had an amazing day <propfemale>ing out with <propfirst> <propmale> humes and <propfirst> milicia! definitely going to have to <propfemale> out again   lol     laugh 
"so i'm too tired to go get on the computer to tag everyone, but i had a very fun amazing day hanging out with camrus, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and zakk! we will definitely have to do it again   lol  laugh "
had a great day hanging out with <propfemale>!  smile 
"whew, what a long boring day  ready for the weekend already!  smile "
