ab7bc996ece35e64559ff60c163c3368
right now i'm having breakfast with my wife    mmm mnmmm good!
"it was a beautiful day today in san <propmale>  the sun shone brightly, but the temperatures were perfect  after all, this is san <propmale> - the best weather on planet earth!"
going to bed early tonight  gotta work at 5am 
"my son isn't feeling so good today  he's got a fever, stuffy nose, and a sore throat  i hope he starts feeling better soon "
"yep, he's got a fever 101 3   sad "
"he's doing better now  getting ready for bed  got some meds and then he was just jumping about  yep, time for bed   smile "
"thought that by now i'd stop with all the driving  yet, i drive  2hrs 17mins here, 2hrs 07mins there  gee     smile "
"gee, i'm sitting here trying to think of something to write and nothing comes to mind at all    just sitting thinking about it   maybe i've got too much on my mind or nothing, can you tell the difference?"
my day off    just sitting here chillin' 
"have tg off (yippee!); but then have to be to work at 4am on friday, datg   sad "
is off to work  looking forward to having a tough time  gotta get ready for black friday!
"is gonna take my nap, then i'm gonna get my work on "
happy new year 2011 to planet earth and all its inhabitants!!!
"saw walls down at homes and broken trees near where he lives in san <propmale>  the storms that came through here this week were awesome! we even had lightning and thunder! unusual for san <propmale>; yeah, i haven't heard thunder here in almost 4 years "
"heard that el niño is affecting our weather systems  this has led to a lot more rain than usual  this area annual rains usually start during the month of october; instead our rains started january 2010; more than 2 months late   the backyard is lightly flooded (about an inch of standing rain), but no other apparent damage "
got his free cookies from oreo today    did you?
"says that he is tired and very sleepy, even at noon time in sd  planning on taking a nap in a few minutes  sssssiiiiiiiiggggggghhhhhhh    "
yyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssss
"lmn! i call it the lemon network, since it always seems to be sour to men!"
"nap, then work  the sleep  then wake  then school  then nap  then work  ahhhh    life is sooooo much fun!!!"
7 2 mexicali earthquake - mountains 30k south of mexicali - http annoyed  bit ly ajcjo1 #ireport
going to bed and sleep after spending a little time letting the kids hear some real music 
trying to figure out why my location is not showing up in my tweets anymore
unable to locate me    wow!
the dogs are barking and they sure are biting too    ouch!
"just had a visit from the us census today at 7pm  counted 11 of us, which includes our <propmale> kids "
"being so busy, i didn't finish the forms    still on my to-do list  might get it done before the end of the week  said the census bureau will release the information in 72 years from this year  means i should be able to look up my dad's info in 2012 "
"and my mom's    and both my grandmothers (if i can remember the spelling of their names, eh?) "
i keep searching for this toy i remember having when i was about 3 years old  it was a boeing 707 (american airlines) with battery-powered retractable landing gear and realistic engine sounds  the landing gear had working gear doors that retracted like the real thing  can't find anything online like it  frustrating 
i need help finding this toy  i remember my dad giving it to a neighbor in st  kitts just before we left    sometime in the early 1970's  i loved that toy     smile 
"i am so sleepy    falling asleep watching a video of upcoming technology  very excited about it, even if i'm falling asleep "
the kids didn't want to go to bed tonight    too much energy they said  so we used that energy to get some more work done around the house  just love it when the kids have energy!!!
the universe is great  long live the universe!
"happy anniversary, <propfemale>  it's now 6 years and we have made it this far  imagine where we can go when we really get going    i love you "
"finding myself coming to fb to play fv more and more  didn't realize that growing veggies and fruits could be so, well, exciting!"
happiness  joy  excitement  that's the feeling i get when i come home from work 
"black friday is this weekend  the beginning of true profitability for almost all retailers  without this season, most won't be in business  that's the commercial side of a very religious e playful erience  hope all have safe and happy holy days as you celebrate "
"added some info about work, but dates are approximate    working strictly from memory here   "
"cdma iphone 4    coming to sprint too? whoa!\\but i still think that windows phone 7 is gonna be better in the long run  can't wait 'til all phones are at least dual-core with at least 2gb of ram! heck, maybe they'll be 64bit within the next 3 years    that would be a w e s o m e!"
finally installed the facebook app on my new wp7 phone  don't know if i'm keeping it though 
"meetings about this    meetings about that! man, meetings just keep coming, but what - in the end - is ever accomplished by a meeting?"
"on thursday i went and donated 500ml of blood  funny thing, i actually felt better after all that blood got out of me and got on the way to possibly helping keep someone alive "
