b3348d06aa8f89c3a90fd96a99d1ab8d
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday, and to all of those who didn't    you're on my watch list  loves you guys!!!!!!!!"
random question: why don't ppl wash their hands when they come out of a restaurant bathroom? eeewwww!!!!!
i started school today  it was actually pretty fun
just got out of 10 hours of class  waiting to go home      about to fall asleep at the school library computer      so bored!!!!!!
"random question, honest answers: would you get upset if you were dating somebody for a year and that forgot your birthday?"
what can you do when they just can't take a hint?
so many faces of so many people all covered in stupid and all they wanna do is fit in 
dont you just hate people that get mad for no reason?
i've come to this conclusion    everyone i know is insane!!!! @_@
"class let out, ihop all around, went back into the classroom, no teacher to be found!"
im so ready to get this bordem thing over with
"you know what they say: \it's all fun and games till someone gets hurt  then after that(depending on the situation) it's just to funny!!!!\"""""
we have to realize that life's to short to be mad all the time so smile  r i p <propfirst>
the semester's almost over  now i'm feeling like a big college girl  yay me!!!
just started my first day of my second semester  so far so good but my first profesor looks like house so i laugh when i look at him 
stupidity gets a door slammed in your face  joyful !!
new kingdom hearts game for ds     looks a little stupid but then again everything on ds looks  stupid 
freaknik the musical is still on of the funniest things i hve ever seen! lol 
you miss out on a lot when you sleep all day 
"i know people are gonna think i'm stupid but i couldn't care less what you think, but i made tuna for the first time today and it actually came out good! yay me!!  joyful "
if i see that friggin <propfirst> bieber movie commercial one more time i will find and shoot him!!!!!
"i think about my friends on a daily basis and i wonder: \how the heck do you people deal with me!!!!\"""""
life sucks     and then you die and it's over 
i saw a hippie-mobel on the way home from school today and i laughed 
why in the heck does walmart have a thousand check out lanes and only have three open for customers?!
thank you everybody who wished me happy birthday! i love you all!  joyful 
waiting for class to start  loving my new schedule  only two days of school is awesome!!!
