56599165b3660ed0db33bb1d60055fe4
"i'm new to facebook  bear with me  some of our friends gracefully bowed out of our bumbershoot adventure today  i am fairly certain this will be a trend over the weekend  so i think i may have some extra tickets  if you're family and wanted to go, call me "
our dog is a great rat catcher  she caught one in a matter of seconds and brought it to our door  still alive 
going to a native cultural fair today  then maybe a japanese one  perhaps a movie before we're out of $$ 
"ever see the little signs by the side of the road that say you can get paid $20,000 (or some ridiculous amount) per month? how come they can't afford a tv commercial?  or maybe a newspaper ad? or better signs? maaybe i should call and ask "
"today's ironic moment is brought to you by corporate <propfemale>  last week i was given a job-e playful iration-date for being too high-tech, among other things  it makes sense in its own context  anyhow, my high-tech report today helped me find about 30k in over-spending that we can recoup hmpf  i need a better paying job anyway "
"my interview today was pretty good  the boss seems to treat people like people  so does the one i have now, don't read anything into my other comment  i also had one with hr  i hate being summed up in one word "
yay for friday! -the boss is back today but leaving again this weekend  i wonder if i will have a new job when he returns  i need fun this weekend  the last 2 weeks have been difficult  what to do   ?
"my car is towed home  oil looks good  water looks good  now i have to remove the sparkplugs and look for any bad signs  i have a broken spark plug cap  after i get that out, i have to buy crap just to see if it dont work  i dont like that part  grrr!"
if your sidekick had interrupted service you might be getting a refund  and you don't have to pay that $1 50 month for a paper <propmale>  that was silly  today i job shadowed a fraud investigator  i like that work  i hope i get it 
"interview went well  they had some hard questions but i was able to answer them sufficiently plus provide additional information they hadn't thought of  they had a ridiculously easy excel test  i told them how they could make it harder and they said that i was the only one who finished early  then i showed them what i've done in excel, access, and <propfemale> reports and they were impressed "
thank you mayan elder for saying what i've always believed- 2012 has nothing to do with the end of the world  apocalypse is probably another western projection onto another culture  ethnocentricity strikes again  frankly i think that also applies to religion 
i fixed my car  +10  i got a cold  -10  my fish died  -5  i got the oil changed  +10  the cv shaft had to be replaced  -364 89  i got a job  +359 89  i have a reeses big cup  +0 50 
"yet again my car leaks  it leaks oil  it leaks water from my sunroof  it leaks from the heater core  i can fix all that but they're messy  i'm trading my floormat for hammerite  too tired to futz with an old car, i don't care what it looks like or what people think of it "
"not cool: \[depressed] woman loses health insurance for smiling on facebook\"" """
"what happens when a touch-screen 5 megapixel camera internet browsing samsung \behold\"" phone gets dropped on the floor? anybody? anyone? mom? mom: it breaks  sad  mmhmm  then they get a cheap disposable phone time-out  i was kinda hoping that this incident would have happened much later than a week """
the phone works!!
"i woke up this morning with my arm cold, hanging straight out over the floor- paralel to the floor, not pointing towards it  shoulder hurts like crazy "
"arm is worse  but it couldnt have been from sleeping, my body pillow was in the way  i can type w  1 hand; i'm worried about shaving today    this sucks "
"a day of mouse pushing didn't help my shoulder out  lol i like the \you don't drive everytime you smoke\"" commercial """
"new term- divorceversary  yah, mine's coming up  a sad happy time, though nothing like it was  weird to feel 2 seemingly opposing emotions at once  so my thoughts on \closure\""  closure is ones own preferred ending  any thoughts?"""
how are you supposed to help someone when no matter what you do or say they think nothing will change 
club motor  4 totlly awesome dj sets in a row  amazing!
"comcast tv annoyed  one moment please this channel should be available shortly\"" (ie never)  comcast chat: \"" \"" [you don't even get the courtesy that they've left the chat  the session is open but nobody is there nice ]"""
"replaced cmos in laptop  has interweb connection via cell phone  so far everything is workin good  i need to upgrade my ram though  i gots new ram, anybody have some old ram? when it sees my laptop they snicker  it's kinda old "
"another company xmas partay  the music is too loud, the <propfemale>  is ear piercing, but the dessert is awesome  i hope i win something useful  last time i think it was seaweed or something  unless its around a sushi roll, seaweed  is part of the deserted island menu  imo "
sucks at wii rockband  but its funny 
"i am ready to see avatar tonight- in 3d! i hope 11 15 is late enough to avoid little kids  and friday night drunks  i dont have anything against kids, i would just rather not hear them when i pay a small fortune bringing everyone to the movies  speaking of which, i asked my daughter to invite a friend  ask her if she found one free to go that late  and i swear to gawd if theres any drama 'cause of whatever, invitatio"
avatar sold out until sunday 11 am  perfect time for kids  gawd i hope they're still in church 
can't i sleep in just a little? maybe tomorrow   
"i smashed the hell out of my finger 6 hours ago  if my nail falls off then i'll get to tease all the girls  oh, look- chipped a nail [holds up black and blue finger, nail half on]"
xmas <propfemale> was very difficult  i wish she had more time to deepen her bonds with such a close friend 
"i have flu? i woke up feeling as if i slept on rocks  dizzy, dyspraxic, a  gurgling churning tummy (this can't be good), + hot n cold flashes  oh & i'm home alone  i don't hear the dog anymore; i e playful ect to see her i so i do out of the corner of my eye  creeped out yet? hm  when i \go\"" i hope it's in my sleep too  just not by this weird cold flu food poisoning allergy or whateverthehell it is """
"htc touch pro2: developers will have an app soon to reboot into android  i couldn't wait  i moved back to a g1  my cold is somewhat better  the doc says it's not strep throat  but it damn well feels like it!! i get about 5 minutes of talk time per day  and the rest of the time it feels like hot razors down my throat  sometimes i sleep, almost through the night if i am lucky  my bp is too high for meds  sad "
's deathflu stages: 1) queasy confusion 2) phlegm mass production 3)painful throat+fevers-voice 4)coughing fits+night fevers  btw i suggest: often gargle warm salt water; herbal tea & cold fruit smoothies (to coat throat); benadryl every night  pain in throat? i ate spicy food  hot towels on face are nice too  worst flu since childhood! it's eating my vaca $$  sad 
"i will have my 401k moved to my bank, and i can use it for skool; skool starts around vday- and fits a working schedule!! i can probably get scholarships to snag extra classes for a dbl cert- dba + db busin  intelligence analyst  these certs are supposedly a response to requests from businesses in the area and jobs are supposed to grow by 24-28% "
argh  this week has been difficult but enjoyable  i'm getting all my ducks in a row for skool work unenjoyment  still not done 
"anyday now   the bureaucracy can send me confirmation to get my transcripts  then i can apply for scholarships, yay! as for jobs, i only have a funeral (black) suit  although, a little part of me dies inside when i apply for crap i don't want to do "
"guess what i saw yesterday, <propfemale> blossoms! my fave tree  spring is coming! i love spring because it always brings change "
great  my phone plans are screwed up 
since the layout change i haven't logged on here much  it messes with my firefox  i got my transcripts today  now i can apply for scholarships  *crosses fingers*
"skool starts tomorrow  kinda excited  i think i may go to haters ball 2  $5, hard to go wrong  hm  di fm is playing hardstyle mixed with <propmale> <propfirst> poe  nice combo  i'm off to study "
happy valentines everybody!!
"oh wait!! that's tomorrow  today's only the 13th  i'm actually a fan of vday, just a little excited it's almost here   "
sweet! i just scored free passes to shutter island  from fobogo  gobofo  goofob? foogob  gofoob  something like that  i hope i can score free passes to <propfemale> in wonderland!!!
friends can be flakey at any age  grrrrrrrr!!!!!!!! bye bye scholarship *waves*
let the right one in  it's not very often i'm willing to watch a movie twice  but this one is even good the second time around  i must read the novel 
oh the ides! beware the ides of march!
pipeworld was fun last night  on the way back from the lodge we walked through the woods and saw a deer  we were about 30 feet from her  oly kids are fun btw  <propmale> and pooka were great  beat weazel was good too 
goodbye rush! don't let the door hit your ass on the way out of the country 
"*sigh* rush isn't going  he was asked where he'd go for healthcoverage  his response seemed to one-up the questioners disgust by *implying* he would leave the country  now he's backpedalling  since the entire country would be under the same law, it's unnecessary to say you'd leave the country  no one mistook rush's intent, it was obvious "
"reads a+ cert exam question #18: a customer is e playful laining their problem but you know their answer, so you: b) go to your \happy place\"" and let them drone on """
"we're turning socialist! the treasury is selling citi bank stock it got from the bailout  oh wait  hm  i got my -ist wrong  we get to keep private property but the govt ocasionally interferes and favors with big business  what's that an aspect of? oh yah  fascism  we're turning fascist  i know, not very happy facebooky of me  i am amused, really  i think i want some stock today "
happy easter  watch out for the púca!
is sad sakuracon is over  sad  next week i have to sign up for night weekend classes 
"ca ag clears acorn employees; <propfemale> maddow played the unedited tapes in context, illustrating how faux news mislead and manipulated viewers  how anyone could ever believe that \news\"" [entertainment] corporation again is beyond me """
"was at the old-timer's optometry w  his aunt  what a grumpy place! this lil ol lady was so upset with the world she was wishing for the apocalypse! sheesh  which makes me wonder though who gets to be a horseman  how do you get the job? what happens when you're all done? you know? who do they work for, so to speak "
nanda has mad skillz 
"is lmao @ <propfirst> <propmale>  i agree: fox, you lupus of news, gfy "
my cv axle today costs about 1 2 price! my valve cover job is full price  sad   i just enrolled in skool! my scholarships takes care of most of it  i just realized if i do some financial fennagling i can score the upgrade cert next year as well  nearly free education tastes oh so good 
"wonders if he should trade his xtra copy of office pro 2007 for an xbox 360, wii, or $$  decisions decisions   oh maybe i can trade it for a phone!!"
"likes dividends  busy month: <propfemale> @ motor, binary <propfemale>, blackout 8, bubble bobble 5 (which is a foam partay xander!)  binary<propfemale>: dj audy has a great <propfirst> darko remix, computerclub is good too! blackout 8 has dutch master (nuff said), and bb5 has electrixx and pornscore "
"is currently @ goodwill, sitting on (probably) some deceased persons couch as the maternal unit hunts for treasure "
"likes dilettante's copenhagen and tiramisu  \copenhagen\"" is their gourmet coffee with chocolate n spices  yum!"""
i can't sleep  outside hoping <propfirst> is walking home and then i hear about 6-10 coyotes yipping  this is not helping 
"is watchin baseball with the aunty  i think there should be sand traps between 2nd and 3rd, and out in the field  between 3rd and 4th should be at least one hurdle or 3 pairs of tires  or a water trap with a vine "
watched tonari no totoro (my neighbor totoro) with aunty <propfemale>  she likes it of course  who doesn't? the nurses got a kick out of it 
"just learned nbc cut heroes  fyi nbc, i'll be reading books instead of watching you  it was actually the only thing on tv i was interested in "
blackout 8 is tonight! this has been a stressful week  i need a night out  i want to be a dancesafe volunteer but there doesn't seem to be a seattle chapter haven't heard back from ds  *shrug*
"we left blackout early  dutch master was really good  shuffle circles were almost impossible  it was like a sauna, so crowded  i met a few people  its so hard to talk in a club, i think i come off as unsociable  sad "
"watched the movie peaceable kingdom  i think i will stick to seafood  i have been without chicken, beef and pork since maybe friday  so far i am feeling great  sql server studying is going well too, but been really busy "
"first sql server mcts book finished  scoring about 80% on self tests  videos are half done; i'm going to finish those  then its on to ms press mcts, and i'll move on to business intelligence books  this fall i will take the dba class training, and possibly a boot camp for bi  i'm feeling a lot more confident "
"please support the <propfemale> rule  we've all heard most of the <propfemale> read in cop shows, you should already know what it is  eroding <propfemale> for safety leaves us weaker in the long run  when someone confesses after <propfemale> rights are read the confession holds more credibility  removing <propfemale> introduces doubt, giving criminals stronger defenses  lets use intellect, reason and logic to guide strategy "
"i ran into 2 friends at bubble bobble tonight  very glad to see them sober as well  a few regular dancers too  the music was incredible and the foam-sticky  some chic gave me a care package- <propfemale>, a condom (woohoo! pma, i like it), antidrug flyers, and a card to a teen clinic  a teen clinic lol "
"small\\                          things\& great by piet hine: \he\",56599165b3660ed0db33bb1d60055fe4,likes gogol bordello (gypsy punk) 
"great  <propmale> rossi vs <propfemale> <propmale>  jfg  if one wins we will be stuck with stupid gaffes, if the other wins we will get less taxes but crappy less services "
"hm  i wonder what it was i wrote or did  i think \disagreement\"" is an opportunity to for people to address the boundaries of their reality and their over-reactions to it  i'm sorry my friend and i couldn't do that  although now i feel a bit freer to write """
"is @ folklife fest  parking was ez  i've avoided any dum circles  lots of hippies around, hipsters, street kids, strollers, backpacks, and bags  its fun even though raging headache   sad  must take advil b4 go mental "
<propfirst> hopper: you will be missed 
doesn't feel so great  earlier i felt flushed hot  now i feel a lil woozy  unless <propmale> palett or flogging <propfemale> is @ folklife- i dont feel any need to go  although i could do free hypnosis there  i haven't done it on the street though  could be fun 
"sometimes i miss ham, or chicken, very rarely beef  i used to love that stuff  <propmale> simpson donut moment, you know?"
baseball and soccer on a friday afternoon? *shakes fist* they have to be in the worst locations for traffic! seriously irritating 
american mexican food used to make me sleepy  the meat made up for any reluctance i had  salad i could get anywhere  since i don't eat chicken beef etc i find nothing palatable in their menus  no i don't want seafood drowning in cream sauce  i guess i am now mexican't 
ani-fail  i'm almost positive i just turned off street fighter  isn't that from 1999? thank god monster is over  or i hope it is  next is gundam? blah  syfy needs to imagine greater 
is at the filipino community center with aunty  lots of old folks  they were playing some techno? lol  this place is a lot funner than the old folks home she's at 
"sql saturday 43 @ ms is interesting  free food n drink, free classes  very nice  oh free raffle tix for stuff  hoping to win "
"enjoyed <propfemale> in wonderland tea party last night  remionds me of the old days  i scored 8 boxes of pizza and about 50 muffins  so i handed out about 90 slices of pizza to the kids and 40 muffins  now they want to call me the muffin man  fyi they often go by aliases  i already have 1 and it sure isn't \muffin man\""  my g1 is buzzing me for a \""rabies appt \"" i have to take the aunty cat in for his shot  *sigh*"""
i resign myself to the idea that vegetarian asian food merely means less meat then usual 
select posts from feed where date=today and post <> game_update  please?
is @ the showbox waiting for miyavi to play  i love the old chandaliers and lighted flower petal columns  a tourist took a pic of sis in her red n black outfit  lots of girls seem to like it 
<propmale> horror picture show on my projector tonight  kids are having fun  you can hear <propmale> curry outside lol  wish it were playing in atheater but this is still fun  kinda wanted to see <propfemale> solar but i think i better stay home  mischief deterrent 
i had a nice time with the famn damily on bfe  i stopped by my aunty's hizouse to check on her  she tried to convince me her <propfemale> is not demon spawn from hell  normally i'm great with cats  owners often get mad 'cause i can get their cat to like me more than them  but this thing   idk  it's furry and eats cat food but i'm not convinced yet 
"<propfirst> kurtz, mascot for his previous team with a super losing streak, wrote 'coonelly extended the contracts of <propfirst> and huntington through the \2011 season  that means a 19-straight losing streak  way to go pirates ' on his facebook and was promptly fired  i'm not sure $100 month would ever pay for my silence "
yay! tomorrow i get free software from that big co  in redmond  i have no idea what to get  maybe i can sell it!  laugh 
"i've stopped drinking coffee in the morning  i might have 1 cup a day, but not usually  instead i drink 1 cup hot water with 2 tbsp apple cider vinegar and 1tbsp <propfemale>  then i have 1 cup of tea  i feel lighter, have more energy, and my bp seems to be getting a lot better  a lot "
"i'm missing a filling  sad  grr @ new dental work  me, my son, my daughter  *sigh*"
"why am i sitting here doing this? i am tired of reading sql server (1 chapter left)  why? i need a better job  why? i'm on the wrong job path  why? i thought it was the right one  why? my bro chose it, so i did  why? i thought it would be easier than computer science  funny how the why exercise sometimes goes around in a big circle "
"saw twilight   the eclipse  i didn't recognize <propfemale> fanning! though i haven't actually seen her in anything (lucky me? idk, haven't watched any of her)  i think when the cullens were gathered around the campfire, they should have roasted marshmallows  or smores  <propmale> should have marked <propfemale> as his property  and i'm glad the brokeback mtn scene ended before things got weird  all in all i liked it "
ready for otter pops? i am!!
otter pops is starting out really small and hip hoppy  wheelz will be spinning though  amazon found me 2 batteries for my phone for about $7! and an adapter so i can play my interweb music through the car whilst it charges 
"another 900 pages done  2 more books; next book is 600 pages  i can't afford a class for these so i have to do every[tedious]thing very thoroughly  it would be helpful if they answered these questions in order: why, what, how, and what if  they generally answer 'what' and 'how', but not necessarily in that order  yay for appdev and their wonderful videos, they help tremendously "
"is liking greenlake- blue sky, warm sun, gentle breeze  i got my sql book, flogging <propfemale>, all that's missing is ipa "
tacoma bon odori was nice  we didn't have much time there  some1 was bored  i consider the bon odori a time to celebrate my bros life  i would like to light a lantern this year if they do it at the seattle bon odori 
"yet another day of hacking up a lung  it doesn't feel like a cold but if it is, there'll be an end to it  if it's allergies, who knows when it will stop  sad "
"*looks outside* oh hey, i almost forgot i was in washington  almost "
"apparently raw kombucha drinks, if left to continue to ferment, gains alcohol content  will they plz do some math, stick pull dates on them, and restock  thanks "
conspiracies make sense out of a senseless world  <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>  on the other hand he also said history is a string of conspiracies 
"minor note: the 405n i-90e interchange let's cars merge for a whole mile  seriously  1 mile  there's no reason to panic and get over when they both meet  at 50 mph  on a steep incline  at the bottom ofthe hill   even if you miss your <propmale> in one mile, the offramp turns into an on ramp  and you get another half a mile to merge  plz tell every1 "
aunty got her cat in the travel carrier  we didn't even need ruffies  i told the vet assistant they may need medicinal marijuana cat food to mellow him out   (they're going to wash him)
"<propfirst> schorr, the news will not be the same  you will be missed "
"\addicted\"" at the old seattle brewery- a bit like naf but with better graffiti and less pandemonium  some of the graffiti is really awesome """
omg! there's a hide button for game updates??
"good for you dez <propmale>, you show em! i still hate football though "
"my fav lil deli keeps sneaking in pickled stuff that's really bitter  i just want some normal stirfry, not pickled veggie aged in horse colon  x_x"
"'i came out here to iraq   i was supposed to see combat  i'm here guarding a checkpoint'  ok, when things are getting more peaceful, i'm pretty sure the correct civilized response is \happiness\"" or \""relief\""  whose parents raised this guy to be disappointed he's not killing people?"""
<-- is bored  wants to do something interesting 
"when making blue cheese n bacon ice cream, be sure to add the blue cheese to taste  what the recipe calls for may be tooooo potent  not sure if i can eat a whole scoop "
do people who reenact civil war battles also reenact sports games they lost? or jobs they got fired from? i know my family doesn't put on blankets and pretend to die  just kind of wondering  or confused  why? help me understand 
i get in free to my fav club if i bring my kid  nice! and i've been paying all this time   
\poll annoyed ,56599165b3660ed0db33bb1d60055fe4,yay for new fillings  oh boy 
what happens when you forget your oil cap? the oil u put in comes out  what happens when you don't degrease and rinse carefully? your car hates u  i won't do that again! i consider this an ine playful ensive lesson (nothing terrible happened)  i think i fulfilled my quota of dumb stuff this year 
"oh boy! i get to install sql2008 dev on my 'puter  my dba course dropped the sql 2005 curriculum and replaced it with 2008, right before i started skool  i was worried about being behind a version but they solved that for me  smile  and all that reading i did- still applies but i need to bridge the gap in 2 weeks "
i picked up 2copies of frogs into princes for $6  amazon sells em for $40+  i wonder if they're eally selling for that much   
i haven't had any premonitions lately  but i have had an unsettled feeling all night 
ugh  medical days w  aunty  i don't <propfemale>d but they take so loooong  10 <propfemale> for parking  10 <propfemale> to wait  30 <propfemale>  for the dr  to get to the exam room  20-25 <propfemale>utes for the lab  5 <propfemale> for another appt  another 5 at a different office for a different appt  a trip to the pharmacy for a new prescription   *sigh* and i can't plug my laptop in to study 
i saw the cutest tiniest itty bitty lil baby roach @ starbucks  bugs don't bother me but i won't ever eat there again 
"lol @ npr caller  guy w  <propfemale> accent says mcveigh was a devote catholic  after ok bombing a catholic church went up and no one complained  i think when it comes to \sensitivity\"" it only applies to the dominant culture  if they were truly sensitive perhaps they would make a concession or gesture of sensitivity to kill the mosque cultural center by ground zero  such as remove the faces of the presidents from   """
yay! dj wheelz on a wednesday night!
hempfest  dancesafe booth makes things better  skipping next year unless its at marymoore or some place smart 
frickin bongo drums are really irritating 
gogol bordello and dir en grey (seperately) are coming to town! i really want to see gb- tis on my bday!
"woke up late  i will probably finish 70-431 class early anyway  why do people who are doubtful ask the other person if they're sure? like, doubter: hey how do you blabla? resourcefulperson: oh you blabla like this   doubter: are you sure? (you know what, no its all a trick  you got us  hahaha *sigh wink "
you pay peanuts you get monkeys 
another ridiculous job  requires 100-400 free hr s annually  no dec  vacations-ever  must also be willing to ignore labor law  you're guaranteed respect though  otg! its been so hard trying to pay for groceries with respect when i'm all tapped out of it  i wonder if instead of actually doing work i could just give him respect 
wha? where'd my sunshine go?? what's this wet drippy stuff?! this isn't funny  4 5 weeks of sunshine isn't a summer  this is bs  robbed  every year  *sigh*
my web video teachers must have been told to be e playful ressive  one of em doesn't know what to do with his facial e playful ressions or hands  so he looks funny  the other guy must have been told to smile  remember when hannibal talks to <propfemale> like she's a tasty treat? that's the feeling i get when dude smiles  and he always smiles 
 sad  yesterday i thought it was tuesday  *sigh* tomorrow i will be done with active directory directory domain services (yah it's kind of like atm  machine or nascar) and dns domain name system  i think my brain is full 
"another crazy employer  business data analyst @ $22k yr  uh no  unless it comes with a corner window office, artist studio apt  in pioneer square, cable, utilities, and cell phone  btw \sno-cone\"" vendor pays $21k yr  there just isn't a yearly need for sno-cones """
"i took my aunt grocery shopping, to the bank, and got rx filled  we talked a bit about her will etc  i have to fill up her med box on monday "
argh! i missed the first stage of sakuracon pre-reg! who's going in 2011? i'm buyin tix @ aki matsuri next weekend 
\after company scientists conducted safety studies on bovine growth \,56599165b3660ed0db33bb1d60055fe4,oh screw you facebook  are you saying i'm verbose? i have to use less than 400 something words? pfft  no wonder i hardly post here 
's brain is mush after 2 episodes of the jersey shore 
"found archived japanese tv shows on teh interwebs  \neverland\"" is a pretty good cheesy japanese tv drama  the subtitles are a bit off but i get what they're saying """
can't  wake  up  need coffee  i dreamed about nazi zombies  can zombies really be nazi's? i don't think so 
"the student next to me needs a binky  she keeps chewing on something  i don't mean this in a mean way, and she sounds like a horse cribbing  or she's gnawing off fingernails  and i have headphones on  i  can't  look  x_x"
"yay! 2 chapters left  then it's time to find out the holes in my knowledge, fill them, test and get certified  i'm discovering some of the homegrown diy solutions i used at work a few years ago are legitimate programming approaches  only with better tools and formal structure "
your company is only as poised or agile at the rate of speed its entirety can efficiently react  i would very much like to no longer see those words used  they're most often feel good fluff  fluffery is say!
"i feel peace is the answer  i'm not particularly religious but i do like some of the reframing in prayer  forgive us our trespasses as we forgive our trespassers, and let us not fall into temptation but deliver us from evil "
"new lake hills libary: cold, cave like, amazing acoustics, constant sound of construction work (dull drone), very bright lights  if you need to study, there's about 3 rooms  frankly i don't see any point in tyring to study here  otherwise it's a very nice libary "
jimni cricket just went by and i didn't have time to say hi  sad 
"candidate runs for office on campaign of \not a politician politicians are the problem\""  candidate wins  the noob tries to not compromise; noob accomplishes   nothing! noob tries again by forming relationships and compromising; now they're a politician  i can't wait until the tea \""party\"" goes through this process """
i like how rossi visited a shipyard that received part of the stimulus package  they're not only staying afloat but growing 
hm  my ms windows server 2003 class book comes with an evaluation copy- with a key  do they usually come with keys? its an eval 
"concentration overcomes procrastination; concentration is the foundation of self-confidence and self-esteem  or something to that affect, is what <propmale> hill asserts  yah i don't think so  there are tons of procrastinators that can concentrate  just not on what they want "
"last night's dream cast: <propfemale>, giles, aliens, alien possession, a shikigami thing, a harpy   "
"did some studying, off to study some more and wait for my contracting interview  i'm hoping this won't get in the way of my certs, but be enough work for some good $$ "
"interview for contract position went well  the hardest part may be getting different versions working together, minimizing user efforts and errors, and installing owner confidence  i forget users with less technical knowledge may feel more doubt "
r i p  <propmale>  i actually don't like most commercialized sports b c i think it's bad affects outweigh any good  i even throw the sports <propfemale> away  at restaurants  yup  <propmale> move i know  i think it's ironic the nfl offers help for players family  the industry wraps their identity into the job and perpetuates male macho ego crap  if i had a problem with drinking i wouldn't go to a bar for help 
"going over course material for the cert  boring  so, do i want to see gogol bordello @ the showbox? or red contact lenses  gogol bordello is one night  freaking people out is all year > smile "
"goldilocks planet news: scientists found a planet 20 light yrs away  it's solar system is huge  <propfemale> and giant asteroids orbit their humongous sun, which btw is 100x hotter than ours! it's also very bright, of course, and an annoying yellowish color  one planet is about 2 3 water! scientists estimate the planet generates a lot of rain, which may make some residents mildly annoyed or even exasperated "
loves popcorn and chopsticks 
hakuna matata! what a wonderful phrase hakuna matata! ain't no passing craze it means no worries for the rest of your days it's our problem-free philosophy hakuna matata! (with a diet of bugs n worms)
loves winning money  smile  yay for door prizes 
"is glued to the set watching hoarders  the hoarders comments are awesome  can't they like win a vacation or something and the come home to an empty house? could you imagine the police report? officer, they took everything! can you list your possessions and their value ma'm? uhhhh "
"bah! nbc drops heroes  abc picks up \no ordinary family\""  i get it """
"ack! i'm behind on studying  i absolutely have to take my test on tuesday at the latest  today-friday i have reporting services to learn  shouldn't be too hard, i've already done a lof this stuff @ werk  so i should be able to study for both  but i'm going to focus on dba junk after friday  argh "
last day of ssrs  its easy  if i knew it was this easy i would have read up on it beforehand and barraged the instructor with questions  oh last night i tuned the car in like 40 <propfemale>  runs great now  driving sucks when it runs pathetic 
"lady awaiting flight in heathrow airport buys her fav packet of biscuits & sits down, man sits beside her reading newspaper  then he takes a biscuit  wtf? she takes a biscuit  he gets a funny look then takes another biscuit  eventually they get to the last one, he grabs it, breaks it in half, gives it to her  what nerve  and its time for her flight  on the plane she's shocked to find her packet of biscuits, unopened "
"and after i spent $$ to tune the car, plus put in the work, it dies  prolly a timing belt or fuel pump  everything else is spot on  what an irritating little car  still, better than horses "
"oh what, today's just a normal day? we run out of people to celebrate for crimes against humanity?"
 hermit mode off  tomorrow i start skool again  yay  more info to cram into my brain  i think i will either schedule my certification for friday or monday  if i do it monday i have all weekend to study again  if i fail i have a month to narrow where i flubbed up and fix it  i would prefer to use that time for my other certification for december though   hermit mode on  sad 
"ssis is over  so, i did a dba course, ssrs, and ssis  next is sql server analysis services in december  before then i have to take that exam which i've been putting off  haven had a test in a dozen years, i need to get over it "
completed ms survey (resistance is futile) and got my gratuity  e playful ression studio i choose you! i was hoping for something cooler to use (not sell)  yah i have no idea what i will do with it so until then it stays in the box 
"why do people attribute a <propmale> of luck to a miracle of god? one day,at the dmv, i had this ticket with a number on it, and i was about 50 <propfirst> away from my turn  but then, an hour and a half later, <propfirst> 40-49 were called but they must have left! it was a miracle!"
i'm not really sure i want to click the official xbox 360 giveaway  i'm afraid it's going to sign me up to something(s) i don't want 
spooky gossip is spo00okyyyy!
happy halloween! i hope yours is spoooktacular!
broadway is full of spookies! and a few drunks 
pharmacy called so i dropped off new meds to aunty  her friends were having a halloween partay  it was a hoot!
"liberals, if you're in ky- don't fall down! you might get stomped! yup, ky (famous for their gel *[whisper] i think they're gonna need it wink  elected rand <propfirst>  why do i get a bad feeling about today   i just have to remember what the dalai lama says (we elect the leaders we deserve) "
"so much for studying at home  not sure why they have to work on the yard but it's damn noisy  hm  if i got a ridiculously large tax break and had to put my bet somewhere, where would it be? probably not here  but i'm pretty sure no one's gettin anything for a few xmas's "
"congrats <propfemale> <propmale>  please don't ban water, glowsticks and white gloves  seriously though, i am very glad rossi did not win "
hm  wow  surprise  i might actually watch a football game  lfl miami @ <propmale> 
"'s review of the 2010 movie \monster\""  its got the wrong name  it should be \""mildly interesting giant land alien octopi\""  or octopii  *shrug* frankly my free parking spot was more exciting """
"club motor this wedn : dj wheelz, nympho, flave, myk, and check 6 "
"thank you veterans! your lives are precious  i support you by backing those that won't put you in harms way needlessly  i also support you by voting for representatives that will ensure you have the proper equipment, benefits, and medical care "
"books found: reframing & frogs into princes @ goodwill for $1 73  ebay & amazon are selling them for a decent price  i'm hoping one of these days i run across a signed or new copy  i love it when my intuition says \stop here\"" and i find stuff i have been lookin for """
"a pescatarian killer of sacred cows? a nice chatty lady was whining about how farners took arr jobz  they took ar jobs! i had to e playful lain to her how they actually make us jobs  seriously  know of any border hoppers making cell phones and erecting towers nationwide? or making their own tvs? cars? gas? or do they bring all that with them  they don't steal a rung on the ladder, they add to its height "
"thanks mattha for this  new\ privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" shares your data with \",56599165b3660ed0db33bb1d60055fe4,good grief  feels like someone left all the doors and windows open 
"next time there's a come to jesus or review meeting at your poe, just try a post-game football player interview nugget of wisdom  i'd love to know if that kind of sports-babble actually works anywhere else "
yay for snow! i love the snow 
hap e tanksgiffing  i hab a code  sad  i was going to see my family but the roads allllll the way over there seem like a big <propmale> to take 
"i was fairly resolute to not buy anything today  i just don't think holidays should be about buying crap  unless it's everyday practical things  like warm socks  who doesn't want warm comfortable socks?? yes i bah-humbug  anyhow, a power supply in my kids pc fried last night "
kabuki @ seattle center world winterfest was amazing! and they had origami candy!
"omg! space battleship yamato is released in december! that's only days away!! what's the easiest way to get to japan without any significant $$? what is this movie you might wonder  well, it's only from the greatest 70's manga anime ever to grace <propfemale> (starblazers)  by greatest i mean really great and somewhat cheesey  but that's good  any remake of something from the 70's is bound to drop all the cheesy hippy cra"
"thanks for all the laughs mr  nielsen, you will be missed "
"tv annoyed you know what makes chicken mcnuggets even better?\"" me: \""another restaurant entirely?\"""""
playing video archives of previous interactions with <propfirst> <propmale> illustrates the spd's familiarity with him and their ability to handle him  i wonder what other people will conclude from the videos 
angry little man + beer + game + argumentative friends = fail  i never seen someone throw so many things in such a short amount of time  i smell like vietnamese food and heineken  this does not help me like football 
i thought ssis was a little tedious  making cubes in ssas can be a pain  i need to turn my brain off for a little while 
"ui may get extended  this political hostage stuff is bs  out of $1 of net wealth, 84 cents go to the super <propmale> (they have about 40 trillion btw)  the next level (quintile) gets 11 cents  the last 3 levels, probably you and me, split a nickel  what are the super <propmale> going to do with all that money? buy a new earth??"
"it's non-serious post day  so, what happens if your mom leaves a banana in your car for ~10 days? apparently it's resting place is dutifully respected by all until it's banana soup  thank god it was in a plastic bag, it could've grown furry "
i had a nice phone screening preinterview- no advancement from last position though  at this point i probably shouldn't be choosey 
jingle bomb was meh  massive headache  wheelz was great though 
"weird dreams  one about my uncle <propfirst> <propmale>  we were chillin in an inventor workshop (of course)  i was telling him something about playing chess with oppenheimer and einstein  which would make a great tea party i think: my uncle, oppenheimer and einstein  playing chess "
"weird dream #2  i call my son, i get a wrong number or someone else has his phone, they decide to prank-answer the call  ever do that? someone calls you by mistake so you pretend to be that person or know the person  anyhow, i tell em i lost the game "
"i have an interview for a decent job on friday  there may be room for growth into the position i want  i also scored sufficiently on my pre-test to schedule my cert exam  it's suggested i score again, presumably higher, to make sure  then it's testing, and on to studying for the next cert  thankfully it's much more interesting then database administration "
"see rare e playful orts - its ho-ho-larious  seriously  a demonic <propfemale>, dead reindeer, evil elves   whats not to love?"
"<propmale> landesberg (deitrich from tv show <propmale> miller), you'll be missed  maybe you're just going home, in a galaxy far far away "
"i did not get the job  their reasoning was sound, i'm not disappointed  i did get a flash of precognition a moment ago, so i think something's coming around the corner, so to speak "
"what spews forth approx 1000 gallons of water a day? hint: it has 4 walls and a roof, and i get mail there daily  btw, can i unlike my own post?  sad "
happy boxing day!!
"employed, provided i meet a couple minor contingencies "
"ok  today's the day  i need my future employer to send me a link for testing  piece of cake  i've already taken these kinds of tests, hopefully they'll just show my last score and i can skip it  and i need for my references to answer their phones "
i like watching stuff like <propfemale> goodall research  more monkey thinking insight: the loudest (most assertive) monkey dictates reality 
work was easy  its challenging learning a new routine  coworkers are cool  i don't have to wear a suit n tie  the desk is large and i have it all to myself!
oh yay  its raining 
there's a gym about 3 <propfemale> from work  no membership fee  right next to my chiro  i think it'd be good to have guided workouts at the beginning of getting into shape  $60 for family of 5  i have enough time to work out and go to work  pretty sure my daughter would have fun on a treadmill in the evenings 
"confused about paycheck  the first one, for me anyway, never seems to be right "
so the mc makes a big to do about the next dj from sfo  he plays dumb step  dancing reduces by 60% 
i think my phone is dying  touch screen is wonky   sad 
"my state of the union: suck it up! this was a market adjustment  growth based on unfounded credit = crisis  so there is no return to business as usual  we've readjusted, now we have to grow- normally, at a reasonable pace  enjoy your citizen funded bailout  don't do it again "
newt wants a new business friendly epa  great  like an alcoholic in charge of a bar 
seattle has almost 9000 homeless people 
"aunty is 85 soon, today is the celebration  woot! fun times to be had by all "
"i knew i should have rolled over and let vm get the call  it's a bad sign when you get a call on a sunday early in the morning but i shrugged it off, hacked up whatever was clogging my lungs, shuffled to the bathroom and got my @ss up  then my mom called  how do you get <propmale> to help you move to new digs after not enough sleep from a rave, and trying to hack up the plague? have his mom call him "
"oh i forgot  met a 20 yr old hs dropout (family problems)  any way he can qualify for ged or college help? any one? he has md too, so should get an education before using his body for <propmale> labor is no longer an option "
woohoo! can't wait until next sunday 
"\summer wars\"" was great  even in english  it helped that disney had nothing to do with it """
an idiot abroad touring petras: 'you're living in a cave in the desert and you get post? i live in the city with a code and don't always get my post and here you are in the desert in a cave  i think that's more amazing than petras '
"my touch screen     sad  well i try not to use it  i use the scroll ball instead  i could replace the screen myself, or get a new phone  but i don't want to make the investment when 3g has been so sucky lately  will it ever get consistent? is it like this for everyone? are you unhappy or happy with your wireless service in seattle? (seattle area  ima homebody)"
superbowl dude spent $9k for the game  his seats weren't available  what would u do with $9k if you had to blow it? $1 for every homeless person in seattle? adopt 30 xmas families? send 90 boquets over the year to funeral homes? pay for someones braces? go to a game?
