9936bf41c2d2d81fb13be1a624ce81b8
now has a broken phone until thursday 
is okay  just need prayers and time 
has roommates!
"has nothing to update a status with, but wants to update people  problem "
is done with the first day of classes!
what's an interesting fact about me? quick!
is 19!
needs help with amtrak  is anyone an amtrak master?
is having chocolate pudding and nilla wafers  this is the good life 
hates being blatantly used and discarded 
"is tired, but bursting with happiness "
you know you're in college when you notice there's a banana hanging from the ceiling of the elevator 
might have a haunted dorm  :[
does anyone find me funny?
beware the drunk zombies 
"is taking a class called the vampire tradition  there's potential of great lols here, i just know it "
left her heart in rocklin 
just went to do some homework only to find out i already did it last week  i should try this more often 
is obviously out of her mind  the real <propfemale> would never clean her room 
is sick with no meds  halp 
poll: is it wrong to share songs online? give reason please 
shouldn't be allowed to grow plants  i think i planted them upside down  fail 
breaking out the fun dip  this could get interesting 
was unaware that trying to take a summer class was so stressful 
today i made my own happiness 
is accepted!
was entertained by a very confused cop car 
"today is simultaneously 4 20 and a tuesday  i e playful ect laughable things from you, san <propfirst> "
i think relationships should be about sweet nothings and tactical support 
it's funny how hair turns into strawberries sometimes 
is shaking in her proverbial boots!
it's been a day of huge success and crushing defeat 
how i know my mommy loves me: oatmeal chocolate chip bars 
i bought milk to cheer me up   annoyed 
just took the happy pills  zoooooom!
twlilight broke the dvd player  seriously 
seeing the 2010 graduation brings back fond memories and a craving for cereal 
went on an adventure with the <propmale> family  one word: amazing 
might be in a ddr addict phase  too bad i can't find my dance pad 
it's easy to fly  just miss the ground 
my dad is coming home! i've missed daddy hugs 
"go away, clicky app  nobody likes you  not even your mother "
slow down semi-truck! you're losing your broccoli 
i helped rescue a cat today!
i suddenly see why college students have no free time   
i've been informed that the lump on my arm is called muscle 
"why, hello there birthday  nice to see you again "
the best part about wearing a gir costume is watching peoples' faces light up with joy 
went to the gym all by myself  it was awesome!
"help!: i need to securely glue small, uneven surfaces of plastic together  suggestions - go!"
let's see if <propmale> potter gives me interesting dreams tonight   
moo meets the snow: a comedy  coming to a screen near you 
"please \put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in    the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this "
awkward feeling: waiting for results when you don't know how you want them to turn out
performing open heart surgery  on my ds  i'm scared 
"first boot up on the ds: sound works, but something is wrong with the screens     sigh "
"doctor's note: patient has been revived several times on the table, but always with severe brain damage  future surgery may be attempted - but the risks are fatal "
