db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710
"about to leave work, should be a great night! smile "
on the new laptop smile 
i should really stop falling asleep at work
"phone got turned off, so if you need something leave a comment"
"phone is back on, i win"
"seriously, again?!?!"
call text 4435361191 if you need me
"goodnight all, text it 7173575487"
"having a good night, text 7173575487"
"truck is in the shop, hopefully have it out monday"
ravens won! it's hard to control myself   
"bored, going home today? text it 7173575487"
"bored, text 7173575487 or aim dtroxe14"
"bored as hell, text 7173575487"
"going home with my truck later on, text 7173575487"
"freaking out, need sleep"
"still at dads, don't know when i'm leaving"
text 7173575487
"if you want to get out alive, run for your life   "
"pain, without love pain, i can't get enough pain, i like it rough 'cause i'd rather feel pain than nothing at all   "
for no apparent reason i suddenly find myself in a really good mood smile 
what?!?!?!?!?
"finally got my computer to work, back to hellwill tomorrow"
why must i torture myself?
2 more hours in hell
"working in hell til 9ish, text it 7173575487"
is this fucking day over yet?!?!
"when my time comes forget the wrong that i've done and help me leave behind some reason to be missed, and don't resent me and when you're feeling empty keep me in your memory leave out all the rest"
"can't wait to get out of here, tomorrow moving in the new roomate in am, friday xmas not sure what i'm doing yet, weekend at dads sunday ravens vs  steelers!"
it's going to be a longggggg day
"\i'm burning in the heavens and i'm drowning in a hell my soul is in a coma and none of my friends can tell that i'm reaching out and getting nothing this is just a story of a broken soul\"" -papa roach"""
"no more net til thursday probably, if you need me call text 4435361191"
having a good day
"sooooo tired, work til 8"
new number 443-547-2176
enjoying my week off
home by myself and really bored
anyone up and feel like talking?
does the universe hate me? i'm pretty sure it does
"\i hurt myself today  to see if i still feel  i focus on the  pain  the only thing that's real  the needle tears a hole the  old familiar sting  try to kill it all away  but i remember  everything\""-johnny cash"""
"had a fun night at timeouts, helped to get my mind off things"
"somebody please make it go away, i don't know how much more i can take"
"i know i can make it through this, i know i'm strong enough, i know my life is not over"
"trying to make some plans for this weekend, what's everyone doing?"
this house is always creepy when you are the only one in it   
not having a great day so far
"room is finally starting to get dry, i hate the rain"
can't sleep again   
going to see megadeath at rams head tonight!
megadeath was awesome!!!!!!
"slept like shit, now waiting for my first package"
this just keeps getting weirder   
sooooo tired
watching clerks ii
this is going to be a long month   
"looking at all or nothing,   babe it`s you and i,    with you i know that,  i am good for something,  so lets go give it a try,  we got our backs against the ocean,  it`s just us against the world, \all or nothing\"" theory of a deadman"""
"getting some sleep, got work tomorrow, finally"
"thinking about better times, hoping more are yet to come"
"work today 11-?, text the cell 4435472176"
"\never be bullied into silence  never allow yourself  to be made a victim  accept no one's definition of your life; define  yourself \"" <propmale>  fierstein"""
"having a great day despite the rain, hope the rest of the day goes well   "
"dog chewed up laptop charger so no more net tonight, hopefully getting new charger tomorrow"
"got a new laptop charger today, $95 what a ripoff"
working way too late today
working out in the rain with power tools is always fun
working in the middle of nowhere today
going to be working through the weekend
"tomorrow can't get here fast enough, i need a break"
"bullet for my <propfirst> \your betrayal\"""""
sitting at the airport
"had a really good night, it was much needed"
"torn in two, between what the mind knows and the heart wants"
"going home in a little while, can't wait til next weekend!"
\bury all your secrets in my skin,\db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,i guess i'm just a magnet for pain
"my mind says to walk away, but my heart tells me not to give up   "
"\little smirk\""- theory of a deadman"""
waiting
tonight is going to be awesome! just have to make it through work first
chilling at bentley's with spicer and <propfirst>
stuck down in college park
i love randomly catching up with an old friend smile 
"off to another day of work, text 4435472176"
playing wii
\all i ask for, all i pray\db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,"wrecked my truck into a guardrail, now waiting for a ride"
feels like shit today
"it's offical, truck is a total loss"
interesting evening
anyone want to go to ocean city tomorrow?
anyone want to go to oc tonight????
cruising the boardwalk with spicer
"leaving for work soon, then out with <propfirst> tonight smile "
had a good night out in hanover
"\interstate love song\"" stp"""
i can't wait for this day to be over
reallllly good mood now smile 
"\i like her because she smiles at me and means it \"" ~anonymous"""
feeling pretty damn good
"room deconstruction complete, now to start putting it back together"
"finally feeling better, still off work"
"spending the day updating my movie library, any suggestions?"
hanging out with sam smile 
the hangover
fml
another bad day
what else can go wrong today?
wtf usa?
gooooaaaallllll!!!!!
"getting the truck towed home, hopefully i can figure out what the problem is"
"what a beautiful morning, too bad i have to spend it stuck at a gas station, truck won't start"
"at dads, working on the truck tomorrow, new fender and bumper"
"truck repairs are complete, only took 12 5 hrs, back to work in the morning"
the crazies
had an awesome night
have you ever just felt like punching someone in the face?
"\ramble on\"" led zeppelin"""
happy 4th to everyone
bored   
text 4435472176
"cinder road \the worst way\"""""
"really bored and hot, my room feels like an oven, odd because i'm in the basement  not sure when or if i'm going into work today   "
is in the process of backing up my dvd collection
can't sleep   
"\pushing me away (piano version)\"" linkin park"""
"had an awesome time on the river down in <propfemale>, headed home now"
"got a bit too much sun today, ow"
at the 98rock blood drive
so bored someone text me
\i became insane, with long \db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,text if you feel like talking 4435472176
anyone want to go to a concert monday night?
anyone want to go see the dead weather monday at rams head?
"concert at rams head monday night, who wants to go?"
"concert tomorrow night, anyone want to go?"
going to see the dead weather in a few hours
"dead weather put on an amazing show, definitely worth it"
going to see sick puppies tonight!
"had a great time at sonar last night, sick puppies were insane"
"my darkest days \save me\"""""
alright now i'm angry
"really bored      if\ your brave copy this into your status and see what people rate you (1)crazy\ (2) i'd marry you (3) talkative (4)sarcastic (5)loveable (6)clubhead\ (7)moody ( smile dumb (9)spoiled (10)mouthy (11)random (12)hot (13)funny\ (14)fit (15)amazing (16)beautiful (17)cute (1 smile rude (19)simple"
planning   
and the terrible day continues   
"theory of a deadman \i hate my life\"""""
having a good day
i'm a mess   haha
why am i awake so early?!?!
just bought my ticket for the lp show next month  laugh 
20 days until linkin park in nyc
"\wretches and kings\"" linkin park"""
"been listening to a thousand suns since last night, what an amazing album"
so apparently diddy has declared today linkin park day
that was hard to watch   
"leaving for nyc soon, linkin park tonight!!"
finally in jersey
"waiting in line, doors open at 8"
"in times square watching ravens highlights on a jumbotron, awesome"
"epic show, greatest night ever  laugh "
"gave my notice today, i start my new job a week from monday"
the midnight meat train
i have lost almost all faith in humanity   
one more day off then starting the new job on monday   
in a pretty good bad mood
i hate giant spiders that hide in my room
"bored at work, text 4435472176"
at the nauti goose with the fam
"soooo tired, working down in <propfemale> the next few weeks"
trying to find something to do today
horrible day so far
needs to get a life
watching the human centipede
wtf ravens????
"too long of a day, back to work in 8 hours"
finally killed the giant fucking spider that's been living in my room for over a month
reading the strain before i finally give in and go to sleep
"i have a craving for something, but have no idea what it is   "
"i just won 3 passes to the baltimore comedy factory saturday night, who wants to go?"
"i have 2 extra passes to the baltimore comedy factory, text me if you want to go"
"i have 2 extra passes for the baltimore comedy factory saturday night at 9, anyone interested in going?"
anyone want to go to the baltimore comedy factory saturday night?
just won myself a couple of passes to see linkin park in february!!
at the baltimore comedy factory
getting ready to watch the ravens whoop some panther ass!!
people are already in line at <propmale> farms wtf
happy turkey day everyone!
"extremely bored, watching <propfemale> wars, text 4435472176"
ozzzzzzzyyyy!!!!!!
three hundred sextillion
another cold boring day of work   
listening to lpux
"\to the pain\"" nonpoint"""
anybody want a puppy?
"change your default facebook picture to a cartoon \from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until\ monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  invite your \friends to do the same"
hell yeah ngata!
"first night of classes, way too tired for this"
"1213- you are an amazing person and we had some great times working together, i miss always getting lunch with you and we should <propfemale> out sometime smile "
"1- you're an awesome cousin and a great lax player, sucks we don't get to <propfemale> out as much as we did when we were little, see you at xmas! lol"
"3- you are a great person, fun, nice, sweet, and smart  i wished we still talked as much as we used to and i'm sorry we fell out of touch "
"25- you are an awesome person to have fun with, we have a blast at concerts and i can't wait for all the great shows we have coming up!"
it is far too cold in my room
"great start to my day, alternator went up in the truck on the way to work, hope the rest of the day gets better"
wishing it was summer   
this weekend needs to get here fast
"i don't know what's worth fighting for\or why i have to scream \i don't know why i instigate\and say what i don't mean \i don't know how i got this way\i know it's not alright \so i'm breaking the habit,\i'm breaking the habit\tonight"
"had a great day with my family watching the ravens win, steelers lose, and celebrating my bday a few days early"
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
hates snow and does not want to work tomorrow
pirate radio is a pretty damn good movie
"bored, text 443-547-2176"
work is going to suck on 2 5 hrs of sleep
dubstep radio
this can't be good   
not having a good day
would really like someone to talk to
never thought i would be glad it's winter
needs some motivation
pissed off
time for schoolwork
needs something good to happen soon
text me if you're bored and want to talk about something random
"can't sleep, text me"
avenged sevenfold in one week!!!
got laid off today  annoyed 
got my new phone smile 
losing my mind
so much to do and so little time to do it
"schoolwork is officially done, now i can focus on the nightmare tomorrow!"
"a7x, stone sour, and hollywood undead in less than 2 hours!!"
"concert was amazing last night, but i feel like i got hit by a truck, or a dozen crowd surfers"
"1  go to google maps and click directions \2  type in usa as your start point \3  type in japan as your destination \4  go to point 31 in your directions \5  when you stop laughing, repost this so that others may laugh too"
watching the social network
aced my first college final
it's a trap!
why does the history channel keep airing these ominous apocalyptic shows? and why do i keep watching them?!
anybody else watching the afc getting their ass kicked in the pro bowl?
watching paranormal activity 2
this day is off to a good start
"i retract my previous statement, not a good day"
drove all the way down to 98rock and my tickets aren't here! grrr
\tell me would you kill to save a life\,db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,sick
needs to get better by thursday
"pray to your god, open your heart\whatever you do, don't be afraid of the dark\cover your eyes, the devil's inside\one night of the hunter\one day i will get revenge\one night to remember\one day it'll all just end"
disappointed
"this is going to be such a boring day, at least i'm feeling better"
done my schoolwork for the rest of the week smile 
i need to find something to do
i wish this headache would go away so i can get some sleep
it's going to be a good night smile 
anyone want to come to a party? text me!
wow lol
"\the joker\"" <propmale> miller band"""
"great weekend, now what to do?"
hates being woken up by barking dogs
"can't wait for this weekend, hopefully it will be as good as the last!"
out
having an awesome night
"so tired, but must stay awake"
ice
"crazy week, tonight should be a great end to it"
i am number four is a badass movie
\if i stay it won't be long\,db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,i need to figure some things out
i don't know how long i can keep this up before i go completely insane
i feel like i'm back in school
"this feels like a huge waste of time, hopefully out of here soon"
the song remains the same
\go to heaven for the climate," hell for the company \""\"db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,\define your meaning of war\,db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,(760): if i die i have 2 requests one a viking funeral prye and 2 i want you to take over my facebook and haunt the fuck out of everyone 
had a profound realization last night   
getting ready for the outbreak tour at rams head live tonight!
going to see rev theory and pop evil with <propfemale> jansen!
amazing night at rams head seeing pop evil and rev theory
my job tonight? make sure a 4yr old does not wake up
well there goes my plans for today   
got an a on my criminal justice final
house+zombies=awesome
might go out into the world in search of food soon   
\if i gave you the truth\,db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,"going to be another long boring night, that's what i get for sleeping all day"
"so here's the lineup for the next three concerts at rams head live i'm headed to with <propfemale> jansen\march 23rd 98 rock presents sick puppies w  framing hanley - adelita's way\april 13th three days grace w  my darkest days\april 15th 98 rock presents seether\it's going to be epic"
\i'm sick of following my dreams  i'm just going to ask them where they're goin'," and hook up with them later \""\"db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,watching doctor who on netflix
feels like a pizza and movie night
you spring is right around the corner when the spiders return   
i feel like i'm forgetting something   
lots to think about   
how the hell did i sleep for 14 hours??
burger <propmale> ftw!
"getting some shut-eye, then out tonight"
enter to win a signed my darkest days  cd! copy & paste this as your status to enter! #moveyourbody radio request contest! tag @my darkest days & request it today!!
"trying to find something to do today, don't want to waste the beautiful weather"
"had a great day, exactly what i needed"
watching scooby-doo with <propmale>
"sleeping on the couch tonight, headed to fallston in the morning"
getting tired of fighting with my laptop
this is going to be a long quarter   
"\dreaming men are haunted men \""\",db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,sick puppies concert got canceled  sad 
time to get started on this weeks work
today is off to a great start thanks to <propfemale> gamber
trying to find something to do today
at the station
this has been an awesome day!
since the mva doesnt know how to do their jobs i got pulled over for having suspended tags
"had an amazing weekend so far, hoping it continues today"
 smile 
getting ready to go see insidious with my amazing girl <propfemale> gamber
"had a great night with my baby, insidious was awesome"
\you’ve got all that i need\,db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,going on 5hrs straight of doing school work and still not close to being done  thinking about my girl and hoping she gets better soon 
\she looks at me like nobody else, like nobody's ever done\db28c43d7423d52e8fc83e37aa853710,"listening to music, missing my baby and hoping i get to see her soon"
going to see my baby finally  smile 
"just got home from my baby's house, i missed her so much this week, she is completely amazing and i can't wait to see her again tomorrow smile "
getting ready to go out with my girl for the night smile 
