fb3fad8258292e5fe1c459e26923fad8
"eh, bored! where to go at almost 1 in the mornin'?"
ihop fucking sucks! they locked me in a freezer!
have to g to work soon! nooo! this sucks     wait    i get free food! awesome!
so i was just outside     and i'm pretty sure i heard a tiger growling?!?! wtf?
getting pulled over is fun ain't it? this was about my 8th or 9th time now? oh and still no ticket!
being sick sucks!
"i wish i could plug in my amp right now and just go nuts, but    don't think the sis would like that   "
my face is on fire! welder burn sucks even worse than sun burn! i realy hate myself right now
screw ihop    they suck   
"just saw that ne avatar movie    eh, it's just like any other movie  no biggie"
"once again my new years is boring, uneventful, and lonely  annoyed "
my new years resolution?      to not be so lazy
so i heard it might snow    wtf?
breaking into cars is fun ain't it?
is seriously ready to move the fuck out
so guess who just got home at 2 am after breaking down around 9 pm!
"so guess what happened again tonight? yup, piece of shit broke down again and now it won't start    "
who just got their ass stuck? i did! who dug their own ass out? i did! i need new tires!
so there's this waitress at work i was gonna ask out tonight  guess what i find out instead? she's moving in a month! ahhh! why? i was really starting to like her too! this sucks!
whoo! nearly wrecked twice in two days! i think that's a new record for me 
so i asked out the waitress at work    what the hell am i doing?!?!
cleaned out sammi today!
mla format is the devil! this is seriously the most ridiculous shit i've ever come across   
so guess what happened once again? come on not thtat hard of a guess!
"alright, i think my car if fixed    keep an eye out for me though  you may see me stranded somewhere"
so it's 1 in the morning and guess you just got home froom free pancake day? yeah     fuck you if you went    
"i know it's weird for me to think this, but waitresses at woork need to stop tipping me"
loves the sound of the street racers at night
thinking about becoming a census worker    $15 an hour!
driving around with no doors on in march - bad idea!
holy shit! just saw fight club for the first time! all i can say is what the fuck man?
does anyone else get freaked out when they find strange lumps on their body because i just found one on my back
playing til my fingers give out
building custom bikes is fun!
someone just bought the tires i was gonna buy      i'm pissed 
craigslist is such a bitch
so sick of waiting!
so why did i stay up until 4 in the morning on the phone with <propfirst> evans?
new tires! this is freaking awesome! look for my car tomorrow  it won't be hard to miss!
went running on the beach with the dog and then went to zaxbys  it was fun!
home frome work and there's a new waitress at ihop  her name is <propfemale> is she goes to sahs
so the new waitress at ihop now has my number    
ah what a nice day driving home from work in the rain!
played in the mud with <propfirst> lowe's girlfriend and her friend becka  it was fun
hanging with t lowe tomorrow on the beach i think
"<propmale> with tlowe and his girl, mudding, and cruising on the beach all day"
"got the knarliest sun burn, pulled out <propfirst>' truck, and only got sammi stuck once! that little bastard is making me so damn proud!"
don't know why    just jumping on the band wagon i guess: http annoyed  www formspring me jeepeater
oh i'm looking for a back seat to put in the jeep eater and seat belts  if anybody has anything that might work gimme a shout
got pulled over on the beach today for going in the wrong direction on the beach    this is what the 12th time i've been pulled over and still no ticket!
so guess where i was today? yup! beach  i'm either gonna be a red lobster or a bronze god by time spring break is over
holy shit! just found a 67 <propmale> on craigslist! someone must lend me a $1000 right now!
"home from work, not ready for bed, and i can't get that smell off my hands     still thinking about that <propmale> too"
wow    spring break just keeps getting crazier and crazier!
so i've been on the beach all week and not once did any sun burn i get really bother me until tonight    wtf?
"so i get burn as hell, nearly got shot at last night, my eyes started burning, and now i've been trying all day to keep something in my stomach   "
"so supposively if i don't show up to work tomorrow i'm gonna be fired, but i've puking all day! that make sense to anyone? does anyone here want someone puking on their dishes in a restaurant? yeah, that's what i thought!"
off to work! i hope i puke all over the fucking place
my belly is making some freaky noises   
why can't i ever sleep once i get home from work?
so    i think i wanna sell the samurai   
i want a bike so bad   
"why is it that whenever i have to work or go to school there's something to do, but whenever i'm free to do something there is nothing going on?"
so someone got a motorcycle today   
whoo! the starter on the bike works!
so the first part i need for my bike costs $500! yeah a $500 part on a $150 bike!
i hate scavaging for parts!
surprise surprise surprise! samurai broke down once again!
samurai fixed    need more money to put into the bike   
for once i'm glad i have to work tomorrow  i need the money and maybe that cute waitress will be there
"she is soooo cute, but she's gonna get me into soooo much trouble!"
yes! yes! yes! i just figured out how to get around the $700 worth of parts i need for my bike!
wiring diagrams are so complicated   
"so i got this text from that cute girl last night \if i didn't have a bf and you some how liked me and asked me out i would more than likely say yes!\"" so how is it that i need your help <propfirst>?"""
"damn, this girl just cant leave me alone! not that its a bad thing though!"
"\never trade the thrills of living for the security of existence \"""""
"just forget it <propmale>, just forget about it!"
can't sleep    thinking about her wayyy too much
so i made $65 bucks at the junk yard and found a part i need for my bike    so far it's been a good day!
started chopping my bikes frame today  got one side done and will be doing the other tomorrow  this thing looks sick!
home from work
i hope i didn't burn my eyes again welding on the bike    bitch is i don't notice the burn til 3 in the morning usually   
so should i buy a tank for the bike tomorrow or save the money for parts i need to make it run?
mmmm nothing like leftover pizza for dinner
soooo don't wanna go to school   
so i burnt my eyes again welding on the bike     it's gonna be a long night
so this weekend will be my first weekend off since january     i so don't know what to do with this free time i'll have    
fuck my life   
so i keep being told that there are constant girls checking me out every where i go    i never see these girls though so i do not believe this   
whoo! no work this weekend! i have no idea what to do with this free time still!
ah    shower time    i need to wash my nappy ass
well    that was weird   
bored as hell     
so my armpits hurt? this is really weird   
ahhh my foot is asleep!
whoo! free movie at the ampitheatre! they're playing <propmale>!
so i'm already thinking about buying another bike   
work      yeah    
wondering   
"hmmm  i hate just thinking about stuff  wayyyy too many possibilities and it doesn't help that i'm dense, dumb, and oblivious "
bike is going wayyyy too slow    i wanna ride now t t
so the census is dude is <propfemale> around outside my house    this is creepy
i'm diggin this walmart moneycard
"got a lot done on the bike  nothing really big or photo, but mainly just a bunch of small stuff"
so i think  there's something in my eye    with my luck it's gonna be a piece of metal   
so who got a raise today? yup! about fucking time!
ahhhh legs asleep! oh god!!!!
so i just realized it's 2 in the morning   
"whoo! got invited to go on  bike trip down to the keys this summer and i'm nowhere near done with my bike, no motorcycles endorsement, or any real e playful erience on a bike! this is gonna be one hell of a ride!"
i hate waiting for payday!
so i totally fucked up <propmale> lovedays jeep today  huge hole in his door  not a scratch on mine
jesus christ i'm creeped the fuck out  everyone stay the fuck away from ihop!
dreading school monday   
so i just got out of the hospital!
got the tank mounted!
i'm hungry and there's nothing to eat here   
i just tore my thumb open working on the bike and i'm bleeding all over the place now   
it's freaking raining like a cow pissing on a flat rock and there's no top on sammi and my back has been in sammi all night! yay!
$166 traffic citation! what the fuck?!?!
bored    bored    bored    and yup! bored!
so i think my mom is going to pay for the ticket? friggin' sweet!
"just rented some movie called \choppertown\"" on youtube  this better be worth my $2 99"""
so my car broke down once again    
got the engine out of the frame  i have no idea though how i'm gonna get it back in once i'm done painting everything  definitely gonna need some extra muscle!
so who else just had their phone raped by the senior run shit?
so i just learned that the senior run is not a school sanctioned event    this makes it actually cool to do now!
so who decides when the senior run is?
bored     i need something to do!
nearly got my finger cut off  that made my day interesting!
no wheels fucking suck
b   o   r   e   d   
uhg    paint fumes are getting to me   
just found my 8th grade yearbook    makes me want to get a yearbook now   
payday tomorrow whoo! can't wait to see how much of a raise i got!
thank god this was the lastweek of going to school 5 days a week 9-3 and then working all weekend 9-3  been doing that shit since feburary
hmmm save my paycheck or spend it on the bike? toughy 
"fart machine, jorts, squirt guns, scooter, bicycles, silly string, and skate boards make for the best last day of school ever!"
the only way this night would be better is if i was next to you
no one even heard about it! damn it!
bored  need something to do   
"debt day is june 1st, right?"
once again i've managed to nearly cut my finger off
it's hard to believe how far i've come on the bike  i think i can say i'm about half way done
holy shit    other than debt day this will be my last time setting foot in sahs   
2nd period exam started at 9:15 and i finished at 9 smile 7   
i hope i get to see you over summer   
so     what to do tomorrow?
i've waited over ten years and i can't stand the waiting anymore    i'm so ready to ride
i have no idea what to do tomorrow
so i just found a $50 check from my grandma for graduation  for some reason i don't feel like i should take the money
"i'm so tired of being told i can't, i'm not able, and i shouldn't when every fiber of my brain is telling me i can, i am able, and i should!"
"so myspace won't let me be friends with this girl i work with because of \age restrictions\"" what the hell? is myspace calling me a pedofile?"""
"you're so close, yet you're so far away   "
wrecked my mom cars tonight    anyone willing to help me get to and from work for a while? i'll probably need a ride to debt day and grad rehersals
"god my moms car is so fucked    there's this huge piece of metal that all the suspension, the engine, and tranny all bolts to it and just about every weld holding it together broke  it's surprising it didn't get ripped out from underneath it    i think once again i have to give up on the whole motorcycle dream   "
i need to get out of this place
so once again it has been proven to me that nice guys truly do finish last
couldn't i have just drove off a bridge or something instead?
has anyone been thru the k-mart parking lot lately?
"could of, should of, would of   "
why couldn't it of been my car?
"say what ya want, but i wish i just had someone to cuddle with"
so    who wants to give me a ride to debt day?
"i never knew this before, but air bags smell really bad   "
what's up with all these people i barely even know wanting to be my friends?
so when are we suppose to be at school for debt day tomorrow? can we just show up whenever?
"geez, i'm just letting everyone down   "
"i can't get the sight of that curb, the feeling of hitting that curb, and the smell of that damn airbag out of my head"
"why the hell not?\\if you \like\"" this staus i will post \",fb3fad8258292e5fe1c459e26923fad8,my dog is such a fatty    she's begging for pizza again!
fuck ihop
well that didn't last for long     thinking about that again    great   
"this entertained me for a bit so i'm posting it again\\if you \like\"" this staus i will post \",fb3fad8258292e5fe1c459e26923fad8,waiting on <propmale> to get here     i hope he didn't forget me
keep finding that everything really comes down to one night that happened before i was even born   
it's cold in here    wish there was somone to keep me warm
"\dedicated to! how i'm fucking you!\"" - master of puppets"""
so    getting to work today is gonna be fun!
i wonder if anyone is downtown    text or call 5402599
"had a fun day  rode around downtown, got some stuff for the bike, made some money    good day"
"alright, things are getting better  how can i tell? the bike is consuming my thoughts again and i'm getting excited about it!"
just found a letter from some lawyer about the citation i got over <propmale>'s jeep  all it said was i should go to court over all this  my boss said i should too if i know it wasn't my fault    maybe i should?
chillin at jeffs  this place is awesome!
"you make me smile, please stay for a while"
i think i just got locked in the freezer at ihop   
"gonna go <propfemale> with <propmale> before graduation    to think that 14 years ago when i first went to pre-k and met <propmale> i was thinking \i'm never getting out of this place   \"""""
so some chick that <propmale> likes just flashed me    not sure what i should do
time to party   
i have no idea whats going on    i kissed her infront of <propmale>  i feel like such a <propmale> but i still want to again    this is why i consider myself an asshole
well im not getting any    but i did the right thing
so i almost thought i wasn't getting my diploma    scared the shit out of me
fuck  this is gonna take all day   
i already know everything in this traffic school    i'm learning nothing! this is so pointless!
fuck traffic school!
yes! finally done with that damn traffic shit!
just got the last slice of pepporoni pizza fuckin awesome
i sooo don't know what to do   
and once again im in the ice machine   
"well    there goes my <propmale>, but atleast i did the right thing  maybe i ain't a total dog after all"
hmmm  let love find me? will definitely be contemplating this
should i spend the money?
and there went $158 99   
takin a break from the bike and damn i'm filthy!
attempting to lay down some masking tape on the tank for the two tone paint job    this is a gonna be a little bit harder than i originally thought
"yeah, i was thinking with my <propmale> at first, but i see what's going on now, bitch "
i'll never get tired of watching this movie
"is covered in dirt, grease, and paint"
shower time   
all clean and shaven  hope i didn't miss any spots
"oh, i knew it you little fucking bitch!"
can't sleep    too worried about my brother
<propfemale> is running and barking in her sleep    i wonder what she's dreaming about
heads up theyre workin on holmes between <propmale> street and 207  this shit is gay
"off to work    i'm feeling pancakes, eggs, and bacon for dinner tonight"
people at ihop are freaks   
it is so slow at work    someone should definitely come get some pancakes or something
good morning
i hope i dont fuck this up   
and its another slow night at ihop   
"yeah, its dead at ihop could really use some customers"
i think it's time this bird flew the coop
it's a great feeling to be waking up at 12 surprise 0!
hmmm  sitting at home with nothing to do and my ride is rolling again    what to do?
"so my consisted of fixing my jeep, painting the bike, and getting slapped downtown     good day i say!"
why follow those who only put us down?
you know those days that it feels like the world hates you?
gah! i hate the anonymousness of formspring!!
time to go take a shower and wash off all this damn paint    and i still wanna know who the hell it was that said i was cute!
you know what? today wasn't all that bad! turned out pretty awesome at the end thanks to those of you who make me smile  smile 
i still wanna know who it was that said i was cute    night everyone!
"what in the world? just got a text that says '<propmale>!!! you are so flipping attractive!!\ another that says \""a girl who wants you  wink ) which was a reply to me asking \""who is this?\"" after getting a tect that says \""hey cutie  wink \"" i'm sorry but this is very very very out of the norm for me!"""
so now i have atleast two secret admirers? wtf?
"so i've got someone texting me \hey cutie  wink \"" and the number is from indiana? wtf? this is kinda creepy    """
who in the world is from cicero indiana?
i swear you would think i was black with how much i love chicken!
"okay     i'm scared now     \jake i want to do things to you animals wouldn't even do  fuck you so hard  damnnnnn \"""""
holy shit    i just witnessed <propfemale> <propmale> her tail for the very first time in her life    she has never done that before    
why am i always inspired to play my guitar at night?
well    this sucks
jax is a screwy ass place    i hope we can find our way home
mission accomplished  we're heading home!
we are definitely in the wrong part of town   
finally back in st  auggy 
what the fuck?!?! who the hell is this person?!!
got my truck for today    heading out!
i want some chicken   
why must it be sooo hot at ihop?
well     my grandpa just died
getting attacked by a hose is just another day of work at ihop
that was a weird dream     never get involved with drug deals kids!
tmnt is awesome
splinter is a beast!
i think ihop wants me to die   
if i ever come within arms reach of <propfirst> swift i will slap her across the face   
home from work  watching <propfemale> in wonderland for the first time    why? i don't know!
why must every where be crowded on fridays?
so im out in sammi and its about to rain    shit
jai ga ru de bah
jesus christ! when they named these things hot pockets they were not kidding!
how in the world am i going to get this motor back in the frame?
who hit the crazy switch on my life? whoever you are you deserve a high five anda punch in the face
showertime
everything is alright   
home from work     and i'm keeping my truck for another week!
never felt this good  never felt this right  never knew that i could ever feel so tight
funeral today    this is gonna suck
im about to start throwing shit at this guy in the car next to me if he doesnt turn off the fag dance music
so i got my voter card thing and guess where it said i go to vote?
"got a haircut today, didn't tell off that bitch, and i'm ready for a long day of work on the bike tomorrow "
this is so lame i cant get this thing stuck
yes! yes! yes! parts came today!
holy shit    it is way too hot!!!
"i love how i can keep track of all the <propfemale> nuts and bolts, but i manage to lose the big stuff like the axle to my bike and a break rotor for sammi "
just stepped on a rattle snake    how the hell did i not get bit?
i would really like to break check this asshole
"gremlin: any cause of trouble, difficulties, etc  ha that does sound like me!"
ghosts scare the shit out of me    
its hot! its hot! its hot! people should text me
gah! she is so cute!
so i just blew a tire out on 16 and my mom isnt answering her phone   
so is it just me or does this damn thing seemed cursed? maybe im cursed
"so i finally got home from work, nearly got kiled by a tire, almost kissed a cute girl, and now i'm rocking out to string quartet covers of sum 41"
ihop has the wierdest music i swear
sweet! i got me some chicken!
beware the pancakes! there may be exlax in the pancakes!
this thing is going in even if it breaks!
"whoo! i work monday nights too now! this is gonna suck, but i like the banking part!"
bubble wrap is so much fun!
"i'm hungry, but there's nothing to eat here      annoyed "
can't wait for this to be done with
"hungry, tired, thirsty, bored, and i don't wanna go to sleep    "
should really get to work    but i don't feel like it
i shaved my head and i'm not sad
"less is more, love is blind, i dont know why"
sparks and smoke just came out of the dish machine at work     im a little scared   
so    i broke the dish machine    im going to be in so much trouble
it's official  ihop really wants me to die
"we can plant a house, we can build a tree"
having some wierd ass dreams again   
i love the fact that i have a team!
still can't find my damn phone  annoyed  oh well    time to go to work
whoo! home fromwork! what to do now?
never look back and don't fear the fact that you might not make it back alive
so woke up about 9 this morning     wayyyyy too early
"alright, i gotta get out of this damn house and find some food"
wtf is it? asshole day? only i am allowed to be an asshole!
na na na na na naaa na na na naaaa! na na na na na naaa na na na naaaa!
headed for work  hopefully no manager  might be able to get some good music playing tonight
why in the world do i still listen to <propfirst> <propmale>?
no manager tonight  this is friggin awesome! im just sitting on my ass with my feet propped up listening to my psp and im getting payed to do it!
i think this is a pretty clever status update
just played hot potato with an egg    god ihop is awesome with no manager
"i'm home after nearly wrecking in the rain  the only thing that usually scares me about driving is the rain  odd ,i think, seeing as i live in florida!"
is anyone else sick of just seeing so and so likes this and so and so like that?
having wierd dreams again    even wierder this time
i hate shaving so i'm not going to today even though i kinda need to
i always wanna <propfemale> out with you  its my favorite thing to do  im just not sure if its the right thing to do
mmmm laqito taco <propfemale>!
"geez, what's up with all these wierd dreams lately? i never even have dreams!"
so is anyone going to warped tour this year?
"nirvana, foo fighters, decendants, blink, gd, sugarcult, sum 41 and so many more will be singing me lullabies tonight  im so glad i found my psp"
i dont know why but whenever i wear this shirt i feel like i should be killing someone     is that wierd?
so what's everyone doing for tomorrow?
"okay, that dream was way too real "
waking up late forwork? fucking great 
i think i found my spot for the fireworks
ah shit i forgot where i parked
i really wish i had my bike  i would be out of here in no time
"so nearly falling off the bridge of lions was fun, but i got some vids of the fireworks!"
why cant i sleep? i have to be to work at 8 in the morning  i hope i make it
this is a huge stack of cash
"off to the gas station, walmart, and then     who knows where?"
"so i've been having weird dreams about robbing stores, robbing banks, paper towels, getting drunk at work, and the last one was about some crazy biker chick? brain    what the fuck are you trying to tell me?"
well got a bit done on the bike tonight  tomorrow i'm gonna go shopping for more parts
"uhhhg  i doubt anyone on here is an e playful ert when it comes to titles and registration, right?"
so i can either go sign up for classes at the community college or go to the dmv to figure out how to get a title for my motorcycle    guess which one im doing
so the dmv went horrible  now im at sjrcc and its taking forever! why am i even here? i dont wanna go to this place  im just being forced 
college is fucking retarded  dmv is fucking retarded  why the hell do they have to make things so god damn difficult?
so getting this bike registered in the proper and legit manner is out of the question  time to get dirty and pull some shady shit
i hate the dmv with the passion of a thousand suns! dmv can die and burn in hell!
"i don't know which i love more, chicken or shrimp?"
grrrrr      starting to loose hope on this 
booyah! never mind that last update! hope is not lost!
i love wearin my real d 3d glasses as sunglasses
f m l  hope has been lost again
well ive seen a few cute girls so far    this might not be so bad
"so i got done at the college, walked out the door, and just out of habit pulled out my keys to get the key for sammi only to realize that my mom took it"
message me something you always wanted to tell me  ill keep it between us  post this as your status and see what you get 
gonna be another crazy night at ihop!
good god this new waitress is annoying
is it bad that the majority of my diet consist of free food from ihop?
"ladies! why is yalls bathroom always so damn dirty and disgusting? yall been doin this for how long? we are potty trained, right?"
finally home and just discovered the night manager at ihop use to be a <propmale> drug addict! great!
could use some wheels   
omg! i just realized i dont work tomorow! fucking sweet!
hmm  woke up at 2 smile 0 in the afternoon today     new record for this summer
i should really get off my ass and do somethin     don't think that's gonna happen today
just about got the bike all wired and got the starter workin  maybe i can get spark once i get off work
good god this girl is too damn cute!
whooooo!!!!! ladies and gentelmen we have spark! i repeat we have spark! this is a triumphant day! fuck yeah!
nap time
its rainin like a cow pissin on a flat rock
this one better be good too
just so yall know    brake fluid does not taste good   
i should really get to work    damn you summer for ruining my work ethic!
i  love  usps
i hope i get a <propmale> to go to the keys before summer is over   
getting my truck back today even though i don't want it back!
hmmm  it would be awesome if i could get paid overtime     hmmm 
i just realized that life is about the only thing where it's good to finish last!
no <propfemale>! my cookie!
hey! sjrcc kids  how the hell do you register for classes online?
today is the first day of registration    how the fuck are classes already full?
i hate college! it's already got me about down to cryng   
this is so fucking scary    
"poke me if you ever had a crush on me, like this status if you think i'm a good friend, message me if you ever wanted to date me, and comment me if we have had any good memories  now lets see whose brave enough to copy and paste this as their status "
"geez, i'm not even done with this bike and i'm already wanting to build another    definitely hooked on bikes now!"
okay    psychology or into to business    tough choice  annoyed 
feeling a lot better about this college stuff!
got the axle for my bike today  smile  i'm a happy kid
"its not about the money, it never was  its about dream ive had since i was about  8 years old"
i hate it when i dont even have money to spare for food
<propfemale> i was out driving and some ungodly noise came from my jeep     great    
bored    bored    bored   
"so today i yelled across the restaraunt \ernest is gettin some!\"" i wonder if anyone took that the wrong way   """
so im employee of the month    how the hell did that happen?
covered in oil and grease  mmmm so sexy
i hate these wild goose chases
"so i just woke up from a very good nap, i'm employee of the month, my moms car is almost fixed, signed up and got the days off i need to go take that riders course, and i got a $430 paycheck today! good day!"
<propfemale> is barking and growling in her sleep
had a good little jam session in the garage
off to the bank to cash my $430 paycheck!
so this jackass at the wendys drive thru just threw a cup of coke at me
damn there is still coke in my ear
"hmm eggs? good start, but i need more"
i wanna go home
why do i miss something i never had?
god damn my head hurts
i want some chicken   
good morning world     i still feel like shit
it sucks to work when youre sick
oh god this sucks so bad and i work tomorrow night too    i must be insane
finally home! yay! but    they didn't let have tomorrow night off    damn itt
i wish i knew more drummers
okay maybe i shouldnt try cooking at home    
yes! parts are here! freaking sweet!
"we can plant a house, we can build a tree"
l      a       g      
"don't you love it when you see just the cutest girl, but you have no idea of how to start a conversation with her?"
does a third night of work when im still sick sound smart to anyone else? i work tomorrow and sunday too by the way
good god this bitch is annoying
boo fucking yah mother fucker! it ran! it ran! it ran! maybe only @ or # seconds but it ran!
im gonna go get something to eat even though i dont know where i want to eat  ideas?
omg! i just saw the mystery machine on holmes!
"i wanna go, but i don't know where"
hmmmm bored    
uhhhg i hate shaving  annoyed 
you know what? i think i actually hate summer
thought i was gonna have some pb&j  so excited until i found mold on the bread     fml!
good morning!
its days like this that make me wonder how i havent been fired
so what's up with random girls i don't even know adding me as friends on here?
i beg to differ on the contrary i agree with every word that you say
damnit <propfemale>    learn how to share the bed
<propfemale>    why must you lick everything including my feet?
i need food    
really don't wanna go to work   
another night at ihop    oh well  free food is cool
how the hell do you scrub the inside of a bottle?
i hate it when <propfemale> starts barking in the middle of the night
<propfemale>    why must you insist on always having me within paws reach?
so i was right  i'm gonna be all by myself in college     great
i hate <propmale> bitches in fancy cars
mmmm supersonic cheese burger
someone tell me a bedtime story
"i decompose yet my gut's gettin fat, oh my god im turning out like my dad!"
"i love the fact that my dog understands the words \bath\"" and \""ride\"""""
so    tired   
so ihop almost went up in flames today    almost wish it did
i look like such a badass    now if i could only back it up with some attitude
its hard to type and play guitar at the same time
okay <propmale>    just put the guitar down and walk away    just walk away    oh god i wanna keep playing!
me and the dog are going to the beach     i hope this ends well
home and the dog is exhausted
getting sleepy    must stay awake   
why do i always go in circles?
gettin that itch again    
<propfirst> stephens likes my statuses a lot    i wonder if she'll like this one too?
did my good deed for today
<propfemale> just because i have food that doesn't automatically mean you get it too
"waking up at 7 in the morning? yeah, fuck this"
"but i don't wanna go to work! no \buts\"" <propmale>! now go!"""
how did it get so long?
i am so wet   
you have no idea how hot this is
"so has anyone had a face to face conversation with this \maria iris?\"""""
this makes me feel kinda old
ah shit    there are 3 jacobs in my psychology class     god damn it
going to the h-d dealership soon
burger <propmale> has some strange yet cool tunes in the bathroom
so day one of that motorcycle course is done and over with
<propfemale> you must learn that it is not cool to lick me
wondering wtf just happened
grrrr  well this is great    
going for a ride   
im about to punch an old lady
let me get this straight  someone cant play guitar or sing on st  <propfirst> street but this guy can yell as loud as he wants about religion?
so some of the religious nuts just came up and talked to me about jesus   
just saw a guy with the same bike i have    loud as fuck
"it's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right, i hope you had the time of your life   "
cant sleep and i gotta be up at 6 am    fml
day two is done and i got a 98 on the written exam
cant wait for tomorrow
"bitch, the silence is my polite way of saying \i dont care!\"" now get the hint and stfu"""
how many ihop employees does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
so ready to go riding again  grandma better get her scooter scootin a bit faster tomorrow 
hmmm which is better    <propmale> or <propmale>?
ive only been at work for an hour and im already out of things to do
good god    so bored   
so by this time tomorrow i'll hopefully be able to legally ride a motorcycle    sweet!
"just realized my face and neck is burnt from riddin that little 250 motorcycle all day  say what you want, but that little bastard was fucking fun!"
i'm off to see the wizard    
this is starting to sound like a really bad idea   
so i'm not getting my motorcycle endorsement today    
so im annoying? whats really annoying is people that i have no idea who they are texting me
"alright now, talk to me!"
this is the greatest day ever   
oh fucking great! its not even a real fucking number!
god damn it that other bike got sold    
"curiousity killed the cat, right?"
its raining like a cow pissin on a flat rock
all work and no play makes <propmale> a dull boy
please! someone come to ihop! theres no one here! im so bored!
you piece of shit    you did just break down on me in the rain
duck tape is holding my p o s  together     i need a new ride
limping home again
can't see <propfirst> out here in b f e 
of course the trees are in my way    
some things you just shouldn't know    
fuck    the    rain   
i'm such a little ninja    
this is gonna be trouble
yup  i was right  already found a drug dealer
keep it    sell it    keep it    sell it    hmmm  more for my mind to ponder
<propfemale>    i just hope you know i love you and i'm gonna miss you
"i'm not sure what to think     <propmale>, since when have you known what to think?"
why is it the things you'll never know you wonder about the most?
hmmm i wonder how i'm gonna get to work tomorrow   
this guy better shut off the annoying spanish music or im gonna bigfoot him with my bosses <propfirst>
should i go to itchnetucknee tomorrow? did i even spell that right? so many questions   
so ive made nearly 6000 this year  where the hell did that all go?
there goes a $315 paycheck  didnt get a <propfemale> of it
nope  definitely not going tomorrow 
would really like to talk to ya right now
gah! mold beat me to the bread again! no pb&j for me
"<propmale>, before you leave the house you should really have some sort of idea as to where you're going"
"i have no interest in skating, but for some reason i really dig the movie \the lords of dogtown\"""""
"waiting, waiting, waiting"
i hate paying for haircuts
"hmmm just get a trim, shave it all off, or     mohawk?"
i really shouldn't be allowed on craigslist
sick of waiting    
"hey you! right there! you! no, not you! you! yeah you!     fuck you!"
gah! the waiting is gonna friggin kill me!
4 more days til college starts  this sucks  they better hurry up and give me my money
<propfemale> wars music in ihop? wtf?
finally off work    back to drooling over bikes i can't afford!
keep dreaming <propmale>
"try talkin to her, don't talk to her, try talkin to her      <propmale> you need to be more decisive"
yay! parts for sammi!
jehovahs need to stop coming to my house and trying to shove their crap down my throat
i don't wanna go to work  i'm gonna miss <propfirst> damnit
why am i doing this shit when i dont even get paid to do it?
i need some tattoo ideas
"so i've got a motorcycle, i'm thinking about getting a mohawk, and maybe some tattoos     i think i might be trying to give my nearly 50 year old mother a heart attack"
im becoming such an ass
i was gonna go to bed at a decent hour     what was i thinking?
"<propmale>, you need to go to bed    i don't wanna! go to bed! no! now mister!    you never let me have any fun"
so i was at <propfirst>'s and i felt the need to get up and start bussing their tables because their bus boys were so slow  i saw where they rol their silverware and felt compelled to roll  i'm always checking to make sure plates are clean no matter where i'm at  i keep  haveing dreams about ihop and it just feels plain wierd if i don't go to ihop once a day     i think this maybe a sign i work wayyyy too much
so i just flipped sammi
haha death! haven't got me yet you little bitch!
"death    you've been after me since the day i was born, but you ain't getting my ass, fuck you"
"so that <propfirst> ass didnt just fuck up sammi, i got pretty beat up too  just now started to really feel it"
insurance is fucking stupid  what's the point if you can't afford the shit?
<propmale>    next time    just hit the dumb son of a bitch
shower time and damn my body hurts!
this is such bullshit
i am fucking lost
just did my first college class
so    theres this cute girl sitting next to me  hmm sounds like a good time to start passing notes
so how was everyone elses first day of college?
home finally
getting excited  hope i can get that truck
nfsu2? fuck yeah!
chillin at wendys with <propmale> and will
this gonna be trouble again
well that was interesting
"shower, shave, sleep      actually fuck shaving"
it just dawned on me that i dont drink milk yet i have never broken a single bone
cant believe im saying this but im actually excited for school tomorrow  now if only i could go to sleep
i'm up and ready to go
second day of college    already forgot to do my homework
in psychology  with nyle
so might anyone be willing to drive me to jax?
so im curious    who else has done 55 mph backwards?
college makes me feel like i'm in middle school again except it's awesomer
gotta write a 300 word paragraph describing something    
roll cage in sammi? might be a good idea
maybe i should go to the doctor? idk
"how bout a roll cage, an engine swap, lengthen the wheel base, and paint sammi too? more for me to ponder "
can't sleep back hurts too much
i dont know if this pepsi is helping me wake up or fall asleep
done with school     now what is there to do?
come on <propmale> you gotta have a half decent idea somewhere in that meatball you call a brain
work then hopefully jax tomorrow to see about getting a new truck
why does my back hurt the worst when im trying to sleep?
home from jax     still looking for a truck
<propmale> you should really be writing that paper
just wanna see you smile
craigslist you fucking suck
so on halloween all the ihop employees come to work in their costumes     i need some ideas
you know that feeling when you know theres nothing you can do? yeah it sux
wearing a gorilla suit to work for halloween
chillin in mr crockers class    coolest class of the day
i wonder if mr crocker believes in fairies
god fucking damnit she is taken
mmmmm goldfish
you know what <propmale>? fuck it! take what you want not what you can get
shower time
why do my eyes hurt so bad?
"sammi runs     smokes alot, but it still runs"
this dog has species identity issues
mathxl is retarded
i fucking hate mathxl
attempt number 1 of trying to go to bed
holy shit! i actuallz had 2+2=4 in math
can it be friday already?
haha i got the last brownie motha fuckas!
you should see the faces i'm making at the computer    you'd be laughing your ass off
today is a lazy sleepy day
just burnt the fuck out of my hand on the bike
so my dad is a chevy man and my mom is a ford woman    i just can't decide on what side to take!
<propmale> you need to figure out what you want
good mornin motha fuckas!
coloring in science  smile 
"attempting to study, eat, and be on facebook all at the same time    "
mmmm zaxby's
"when someone's annoying you remember  it takes 42 muscles to frown, but it only takes 4 to punch that mofo in the face"
think i might just cave soon
stop thinking about it <propmale>  stop dreaming
so what matters more? the money or the e playful erience?
cute girls are down right dangerous
this makes me feel as though i may truely need an anger management program
im having the time of my life right now
might be going to the <propfirst> <propfirst> concert
mmmm cookies
haha i love the fact that i'm getting 2k for almost no reason whatsoever  smile 
"so i just got in my bros truck and theres this song on the radio and the lyrics go \i hope you choke\"" pure genious!"""
i have become my dad   
you know what i realized? i truly am a freaking idiot!
"so tired, but the trip to jax was so worth it  i think i'm falling in love, but i don't know if i can take this one home to mom"
oh fuck my head hurts   
is it strange that im not alarmed by the sound of gun shots?
yes! i finally got one of the comfy chairs at b&n!
i think i'm gonna bring her home soon
feeling like a goober head  annoyed 
transfer the damn money already    i wish i knew how to make angry face on here
don't look down on me cuz i do coke
yesss i just found more coke that i didn't know i had!
i crank my amp to 11! so fucking what?
yay! more coke!
i think once you get to the point where you think about thinking one thinks just a little too much
fate rarely calls upon us at a moment of our choosing
50 piece nugget at mcd's? fuck yeah!
yes  i am relieved to know that i'm not a golem
"we are not a species meant to be restrained by structures, schedules, social norms, or neck ties"
you didnt see that   
we are the lazy generation
whoa! just learned that at one point ford made a hemi too! my mind is blown!
the good will be decieved and evil will succeed
this day just keeps getting wierder and wierder
yeah today is a sucky ass day
i am <propmale>'s hypothalamus and i am about to make this 150 pound mofo have a fucking roid rage like no other
oh and my day just got fucking worse
"\if you arent already coming then come\"" i just sent that to my mom   """
yup  today was just a strange day
"$2,325 60!!!! bankin!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck yes!!"
i hate not having my own ride   
have you ever held a grand in cash? do you know what that feels like in your hand?
so ive got a new truck
"i'm gonna take so much shit for this, but you know what? i dont care!"
i must have lost my god damn mind
"cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those ho continue to conquer it!! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  in memory of c a g "
i am so fucked
i am a dumbass
wow im studying and actually understand all this b s 
chillin at epic
alright then  today i don't feel like an asshole  sweet
so much for going to bed  annoyed 
some things were just meant to come full circle  hopefully by that point you learned something and youre a bit smarter
time to sit back and relax
working on sammi
everyone needs to stop worrying so much  including me  we're still breathing and we're still alive  everything is gonna be alright
is covered in grease and oil  <propfirst> might have a blown head gasket  annoyed  great   
can't wait for tomorrow!
got a paper to right and not a single idea
accidently having a moment of inspiration is easy  purposely creating a moment of inspiration is a daunting task
found his moment of inspiration  the paper is almost done
just finished writing a paper e playful laining how to blow off writing a paper until the last minute  laugh 
so i was told you have to act uninterested to get a girl interested? that makes absolutely no sense at all
chillin out maxin relaxin all cool
blue collar comedy tour?
i've got no problem going back to prison   
the difference between men and boys is the size and cost of their toys
im loving the ford
stress    stress    stress
is ready to go
there are some freaky people around here
needs to get the hell out of here
ya know what? i am pretty damn good looking    there's my arrogant moment of the day
i hate <propmale> people
wants out
lobotomy? i don't think so   
there's still hope for the bike
thinking about getting a second job?
i need to find new people to <propfemale> out with
i hate it when i shave and i miss a spot
whats on my agenda today?
chillin at the dmv
strange folk at the dmv
"so far i've seen a hooker, farmer <propfirst>, homeless g i  <propfirst>, and a clown that escaped from the circus"
so im in a cop car at the moment
if it were so easy i guess it wouldnt be cool
thinkin about blowing off work
no pain no gain
shut the fuck up please before i beat you senseless
i'll be lucky if i'm not in jail tomorrow for murder charges
"idk why, but i'm very pissed at the moment"
going for a drive   
so i think i finally saw one of those girls gabes been talking about
so why am i still up?
i think i might be dehydrated
finally gettin to work on <propfirst>
why is it so difficult to get comfy when going to bed?
"have to rewrite a paper over the word \you\"" well fuck you"""
im gonna fail
what would you do if i sang out of tune?
mr  crocker is a nut
almost drove over a miata
fact: lovebugs love fiberglass
am i the kinda guy who would laugh at a funeral?
"so many projects, so little time, and even less money"
that was hard
<propfirst> rock speaks the truth
home from school  watching gamer  i should probably be doing something more important
i should really be doing more productive activities
chik-fil-a is packed
scratch that  its fucking flooded
well that was a dumb idea
got an interview at the ampitheatre! hell yeah!
they locked me in the freezer again
well    i feel like shit now
"random fact? i nearly died as a baby and the doctors thought i was going to suffer from brain damage    makes ya wonder, huh?"
the dog wants my burger    she keeps starring at it
so the whole bonfire thing is a no go
its our mistakes that let us walk like men
modesty = arrogance
"i still remember the first time i saw you, the first words you said to me, and that look on your face  i miss the sound of your voice"
the <propfemale> is following me
"so i can study, work on <propfirst>, or sleep     hmm decisions decisions"
so will wants me to ask this girl for her number    he rated her a 7
has a trojan horse
wishes he was as good with computers as he is with cars
it's hard being an idiot
loves the goodnight texts
so where can i go to ride a bull?
i have no idea what im doing   
so im terrified of peanut butter
"i wonder, i wonder, i wonder"
screw fall  forget this cold shit 
so i just missed a test and about to fail another but im surprisingly calm
so my psychology teacher just said we all want to kill ourselves and its natural    
i shaved my head and i'm not sad      okay maybe a little
"no matter what, you have to listen to yourself 24 7 so fuck what anyone else says"
is taking care of business
just another wasted day
"you know when you have one of those days and you feel a little, you know? and you could use a little    you know what i'm talking about?"
yay more papers to write!
i find myself longing to hear what you have to say
how did i meet you?? copy this and see what people say
i lke it just about anywhere  your place  my place  i don't care  lets just do it already
work soon     lame
i feel like i missed something
possibly most awkward moment of my life
i never cease to amaze myself
interview tomorrow    no idea what to e playful ect
"may not be exactly who i want to talk to, but still good to have someone to talk"
wtf? is it national confuse <propmale> week or something?
a little nervous
just stop thinking about it 
what do you want to do?
shower then to b&n to make an attempt to study
almost saw an old couple get hit by a car  gutsy old farts
i am so jello
i hate you
i'm no superman
"so easy to talk to some, but so hard to talk to others"
punched a guy at work today
gotta break free to break the mold
my back hurts and i could use a massage
"\im gonna tie you to the bed and light the house on fire\"""""
haven't thought about that in a long while
doesn't want to write this paper
about sick of college
anyone got a drum set they wanna sell?
fuck that paper
need some motivation
so my paper now has 666 words and i'm struggling to add more to it
$300 to drop a class? wtf?
dropped my science class
just realized i havent had a weekend off in over a year
"\hey love c annoyed ""     ?"""
like my status & i'll tell you the first word that comes to mind 
gasoline does not taste good
hell yeah! got the job!
walkin in a winter wonderland   
put this as your status and see what people like about you: i love your _______ (fine! i'll be like everyone else!)
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a goodnight! shut up i'm getting in the mood for the new job!
omg! my burps still taste like gas!
freaky dream
so i just saw a woman carrying a goat to her class
oh i did not just get put in the friend zone
if it was so easy it wouldnt be cool
hmm buy a drum set or keep saving for another bike?
"you say that you like me, but you don't like like me"
i wanna be sedated
banging on a trash can! strummin on a street light!
anyone want a pitbull puppy?
i am now 100% st  <propfirst> ampitheatre employee
love gettin the truck sideways
this show is awesome
she's an extraoridinary girl
i keep having this dream that i have a baby   wierd
should i wear my chucks or my boots today?
so whats everyone doing tonight?
i hate deciding on pizza toppings with will
theres a thin line between being smart and being a fucking idiot
just lookin for a good time
it´s much more than just black and white
too much dwellin on the past
i make a real ass out of myself sometimes
fat bottom girls make the rockin world go round
"comma this, comma that, comma and, comma but, comma my ass jackass"
"supersize supersize its the american way, gettin fat going broke either way youre gonna pay"
ancient city is damn right
is such a cute little bastard
"yes, youre this great amazing infalable person! now shut up and let me eat!"
tattoo? tempting tempting
"if you think i'm cute, like my status  if you love me, put a heart  if i'm a good friend, put a  smile  if you miss me put a  annoyed  if you've ever had a crush on me, put a  laugh   if you're not scared, put this as your status"
while i'm young and while i'm able all i wanna do is   
<propfemale> i am not your pillow
installing a new flux capacitor in the truck tomorrow
the clock is laughing in my face
rain makes corn   
just so everyone knows i'm not really making a $1000 in one night! if any girl wants to change that though     wink 
why is it that the people who are bad influences the people i like the most?
"inbox\me & tell me something that you've always wanted to tell me  i \promise it will stay between us, post this as your status and see what \people say "
so my horoscope is telling me to not go to sleep and instead go spend sometime with someone i've been flirting with? i didn't even know i've been flirting with someone lately
rat fink > <propfirst> mouse
hustling deals
chicken!
at times like this i wish i had the gift of gab  annoyed 
good god my back hurts
\\ \\ 3$$l3y! <-- thats gonna be my rapper name
hittin the gywm at midnight is an awesome idea
he who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man
fuck it  gonna go get season 1 of soa
this show is fucking awesome
this show cant get any fucking crazier
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know, that 97% will not post this as their status, or even acknowledge it  be one of the 3% to like it, and put this as your status, at least for an hour, and show your support for those who died because of         cancer,suffered because of cancer or are still fighting it  october-cancer month x stay strong"
i could really use a massage from a pretty girl right about now
i fought the law
shouldnt be forced  should happen naturally
everyones got their fight
hmmm gym sounds like fun right now
the cat wants to eat me
is just pissed off
never look back?
who wants to go to school tomorrow? not me!
wow i really dont give a fuck  stfu
some folks are born silver spoon in hand
when the load gets heavy don't ask for a lighter load  ask for broader shoulders 
like my status and i'll tell you the song that reminds me of you 
i don't wanna be another <propfirst> working 9 to 5  i'm better than that
"inboxonly!!!\tell me something you've always wanted to say to me  stays between us, \promise  put this as your status and see what happens"
scratch that  pissed 
"please put this on your status if you know someone, or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is real, and should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is still no known cure for stupidity, and sympathy doesnt help, but we can raise awareness    93% wont copy & paste this because they dont know how to!!!"
fuck college
"so i completed failed physical science, i'm failing psychology, most likely failing comp 1, and probably getting a b in algebra if i'm lucky"
"\if you can blow off other responsibilities you won't regret it \"" i think my horoscope is telling me to skip school"""
just slept thru all his classes today
ya know god forbid if someone just wants to enjoy their time here instead of worrying over money and all the b s  that comes along with it
stress stress stress  worry worry worry
escape the cage
"\what do you want to do?\"" one very simple question that is driving me nuts"""
warning: you come to my house looking to convert me to whatever your religion is i'm going to pull out a baseball bat and threaten to beat your head in with it  thank you 
la kito taco <propfemale>
so not in the halloween spirit
someone should bring me some food
uhg mcd's was a bad idea -barfs- i can't sstop thinking about supersize me now
dont wanna go to school
doin some body work
i hate walkin around downtown with <propmale>  he always gets up in my space
bored as hell on a friday night  what else is new?
sorry i don't wanna be 40 years old working all day just to come home and watch tv
"so this waitress said i would look \cute\"" with a mohawk"""
i hate <propfirst> schwenk
you know how when you fllush the toilet and the water spins? well when you're on the equator it doesn't 
"\balls bigger than our brains\"""""
less than 17 days   
"wiseman once said \dont make me slap a hoe\"""""
just looking for a good time
"boredum does strange things to the human mind, psyche, and spirit"
rubio! whoo!
just saw on yahoo that republicans won control of the house
silly democrats! florida is for republicans!
i really really really hate writing papers and this whole election thing isnt helping
just wrote a paper on why i might drop out of college 
grocery shopping     i have no clue what to get
"im so gangsta, youre so thug"
mmmm nilla wafers     someone take them away!
is attending a seminar are about domestic violence
rollin like a cop
nowhere in the constitution does it say it's the governments job to take care of us from craddle to grave
"so there's a club at my school called \superior donut company\"""""
"i'm probably gonna regret this, but why do girls never seem to be happy?"
i should be doing something much more important right now
i guess its time to get out of bed  annoyed 
yes! fat annoying bitch is gone!
cruisin with will
fishing    horrible idea
people confuse the fuck out of me and the more i learn the more i get confused
just got a narration of a drunk college fight between two guys over a girl via <propfirst> <propfirst>  laugh 
"\just pack up and leave\"" this woman can read my mind i swear"""
lp twice in one day at ihop?
"no class, no taste, no shirt, and shit faced!"
"feelin' like a <propfemale> can't stop my shine on, rubbin' cloud nine my heads in the sky"
fuck this daylight savings crap
ridin solo!
dreading school tomorrow
just keep swimming
chillin at mcd's when i should be in my comp class    feels just like high school again  now all i need is <propmale> and will
i <propfemale> wanna give this guy thd finger and walk out his class
workin on the jeep
guess what?
i was going to do something    but now i can't remember what it was    
"feelin like winter, cant wait for spring"
cantwaitcantwaitcantwaitcantwaitcantwait
just finished watching good will hunting
"no! bullshit, i wasn't with a hooker today!"
it's gonna be a cold winter
mmmmm heart attack on a bun
picking out my classes for next semester
"my friends may be total dorks, but they're cool dorks"
they should offer classes on how to sleep in college
crank it to 11 and blow another speaker
cruisin in the samurai 
"so i just drove around downtown in the samurai going \weeeeee!\"" its like driving a big go cart"""
i love not having to lock my doors
walkin around walmart with will
cheese wheel tomorrow at 11! peeps should join me and will!
"btw     i'm with pwned\ |\ |\ |\\\ "
6 more days!
at the cheese wheel for the first time with will    i e playful ected it to be more cheesey
i think the power went out at gander mountain
ill remember this when you need a wingman
back at the <propmale> dealership
"so i can either a) keep saving, wait a bit longer, and get a cheaper bike overall or b) finance this $5000 bike and start building credit for myself  hmmm"
hope from work  ready to pass out 
just because you want to hear the damn t v  doesn't mean the rest of the neighborhood wants to
almost got raped in the womans bathroom today
this is gonna be a whole new ball game
i need to get back behind the welding mask
time to party    not really
so i'm in my psychology class and the teacher once diagnosed a doctor with paranoia and the guy would <propfemale> a  38 revolver and kept a bazooka in the trunk of his <propfemale> for when the cubans invaded    
does anyone want to go to work for me? please?
im probably around people twice my age more than im around people my age
time to party?     no <propmale>
riding the mop bucket like a skateboard = great night at work
"\we treat our bodies with respect\"" \""and i treat mine like an amusement park\"""""
sometimes doing the right thing aint doing the right
"with the top down, seat back! rollin' in my cadillac!"
"q: will you ever put your hair back in the <propmale> do just once more?\a: the only way i could see that happening is if for some reason i started to pursue some kinda acting career and was cast as <propmale>"
walkin in a winter wonderland
"\it's like beer pong    except for little kids\"""""
<propmale>    why must you be so <propmale>-ish?
so i hear you're fly like a g6? well i'm like a g7    suck it!
whoooo! working opening night at winter wonderland! i e playful ect demand people to come see me!
and they are already fudging the schedule
"q:why did i have such a big crush on you freshman yr?\a:i honestly  haven't a clue  i'm shy, quiet, and kind of an ass  annoyed "
watching saving private <propfirst>
"alright, ke$ha just gained points in my book  laugh "
id like a piece of her parle vous francais
workin in a winter wonderland
<propfemale> <propmale> is amazing
great night at the new job! can't wait for tomorrow!
needs an elf hat   
almost time for this little elf to get his christmas spirit on
workin the obstacle course tonight!
this is one bored little elf
and this little elf is home!
"so i can either leave at 5 to go to <propmale> and potentially piss my mother off or just stay here, do pretty much nothing, and not piss mom off       annoyed  decisions decisions"
heading to <propmale>
thank you all for raping my wall and phone with birthday wishes
most fucked up birthday ever
bed time i can finally end this shitty ass day
nothin like mcd's for breakfast
home from a looooong day of work    sleepy time
cake for dinner?
needs to get thehell out of bed
chillin at wendys
cant wait for this year to be over with
bubba gump shrimp
you and me girl we go together like two peas in a pod    like spagetti and meat balls    like ham and tuna fish
"it's been a hard days night, i should be sleeping like a log"
all i know is that i don't know nothing
workin the ice slide again
"so some guy tried to start shit with me, got to be on the news, talked to some cute girls, and impressed the bosses! fantastic night!"
is very tempted to take a target buggy to walmart
just threw down a grand
my life is awesome  not lying
still doesnt seem real
another great night  can't wait to get that last $650
so i just woke and i gotta be to work at 7 a m  and be to the winter wonderland at 3 p m      gonna be a long day
"alright, all yall that are going black friday shopping make sure to pick me up one of those 60'' flat screen tvs for like $0 02, okay?"
up all night long and theres something very wrong
thinks he just saw el chupacabra
home from work getting ready to go to work
ice slide    again  uhg
alright if youre an asshole dont come to the winter wonderland  just saying
it only gets darker before <propfemale>    or something like that
back to work
feelin like superman
another crazy night at the wonderland  the bounce house deflated on me!
"arms hurt, shoulders hurt, back hurts, legs hurt, ankle hurt, and my toes hurt  yippie!"
if i keep this up i wont need to go to the gym
go big or dont go at all
can't believe he just did three days of doubles
i just realized that i really hate washing dishes yet i've had a job for the past year washing dishes   
off to the hibbity hop
"damn it, my camera broke    well i know what i want for christmas!"
"sitting, waiting, wishing"
just because you're legally an adult that doesn't make you a man
"wake up in the morning feeling like <propfemale> claus\grab my stockings i'm out the door i'm gonna deck these halls\before i leave brush my teeth with a <propfemale> cane\cuz ya know this christmas <propfemale>'s gonna be insane\i'm talking about wrappings with some bows, bows\making some kids some yo-yos\helping <propfemale> with his ho hos\\       i was bored at work okay?"
fuck this p o s  samurai! i want my bike now!
so i think the samurai is dead
and im on the ice slide again damnit
had a blast learning how to ice skate at work tonight! can't believe they pay me to do this!
don't be so negative  everything will turn out just fine!
it's official  i hate sjrcc
i dont wanna survive  i wanna live
bike sounds amazing
i hate being a passenger
my abs hurt so bad
i hate those moments when you realize you missed the oppurtunity of a lifetime
just need another $450!
so much easier on my own  no worries  no responsibilities  no nagging!
it never fails! gahhh!
the wait is killing me   
"<propmale>    i know she's cute but just forget about it, okay?"
home from the wonderland! got to be ice guard tonight which was soooo easy!
okay seriously  why are all the cute girls always taken? so not fair at all
home from another night at the wonderland! don't go back til thursday  might go ice skating tuesday though!
so what is it? every 7 years that you're suppose to have a life changing moment? i think i'm on the verge of that moment
i should go to class but i really dont wanna get out of bed
heading to school!
"2010 is almost over ! so inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me   put this as your status , you might be surprised \\yeah you! you reading this! i'm talking to you! spill now!"
heading out  later haters
#22 you're pretty cool and havent seen a whole lot of ya lately  very entertaining person and i'm sorry you have to walk to and from school    i just saw ya walking that one time so i figured you always walked
"#22       how can i say write anything about you? words just don't do you justice  this is my best attempt though  you're beautiful, gangsta, and one of a kind  one in a million  never met anyone like you and glad i did    even if we only talk on fb  anyways you're awesome and even if i say you aren't gangsta or black truthfully you are  atleast in your own way, thug!"
thank you everyone who's been calling me cute lately even though i hate being called cute  i think i'm starting to learn to accept that fact and just rock the whole cute thing cuz i'm just so damn adoreable!
number game? why not?
you have no idea how lucky you are
"please remember that i'm dense and don't pick up on hints all that well    you have to be blunt with me, okay?"
whoo! picking up more hours! sweet!
time to go to my job    and it's not the good one damnit
thats it just tell them to fuck off and leave this shit hole
youre a two faced piece of shit  hope you know that
<propfemale> i'm home!
you know i was in a great mood until you came along    thanks
i am so bored!
"i've just seen a face,\i can't forget the time or place\that we'd just met, she's just the girl for me\and i want all the world to see we've met"
"had it been another day\i might have looked the other way\but i had never been aware\and as it is i dream of her tonight"
i hate those little things that make you wonder
skate guard! sweet!
"i love being skate guard even though my legs, ankles, feet, and back hurt like hell!"
ihop and wonderland tomorrow! whoo!
life is so much better when you dont go to ihop
"so last night i got only four hours of sleep  been up since 7 am, went to work at 8 am, got off at 3 pm, went to wonderland at 3 smile 0 pm, was at the top of the ice slide for 5 hours straight, got off at like 11 smile 0, and now i'm home eating doritos and drinking coke and i'm just all wound up and not one bit tired or ready to go to bed    "
i wish i could tell you how beautiful you really are
is exhausted
i love my fucking job!
guess who can skate backwards?
fucking awesome night tonight!
omfg my knee hurts!
it doesn't matter who's right or wrong  you'd think each other would be more important than that
"here's a number that is not a game, 5825  that's how many troops have been killed in iraq & afghanistan protecting you  now that is a status i'd like to see on everyone's <propfemale>! question is  who is thankful enough to repost this \b t w  stop all this war bullshit!"
"<propmale>, i gotta ask    how do you get yourself into these situations?"
stare fear in the face and laugh
is getting greedy
i love working at the winter wonderland!
thinkin bout painting my new bike pink when i get it
i need some good gloves now!
"so let me get this straight  we pay taxes on the money we make, the money we spend, and there are already taxes in the price of the products we buy    wtf?"
if the music's too loud then you're too old!
so i can either go to ihop tonight like i'm suppose to or ditch and go work at the wonderland instead   
tis the season to be jolly and i don't think i've ever been jollier
wants to get another group together to go ice skating on his next day off
"we can't say <propfemale> christmas now we have to say happy holidays  we can't call it a christmas tree, it's now called a holiday tree?? , because it might offend someone? if u don't like our '' american customs'' and if it offends u so much then leave!!!!  they are called customs we  have   our    traditions!! if you agree with this please post this as your status   ho ho ho \merry christmas\"""""
has christmas songs stuck in his head and if he doesn't find the one he's looking for he's going to go insane   
is as friggin excited as a little girl that's about to meet <propfirst> beiber
so should i let zach ride the bike home or ride it myself?
just locked up the rear tire on the way to work
can i go home yet? im ready to kill a retarded child   
in walmart waiting on <propfirst> and <propfirst>    i wanna ride so bad
and there's a ringing in my ears
fuckin lovin the bike
finally home after skating for like the last 8 hours and i didn't have to zamboni tonight!
got to skate witha hot drunk girl tonight too  wink  oh yeah
shower and shave then going for a ride
"rode all the way to jacksonville today, got lost, and rode back on 95 doing like 90 without a single problem just to wind up dropping the bike at a stop sign on <propfemale>    "
just woke up and you were the first thing on my mind
cute ?! really?! cute?!?!?! i cant escape it!
the more i try not to be cute the cuter i am apparently   
"just got home from working all day at ihop and wonderland  work all day tomorrow and tuesday, then night shift wednesday at ihop, night shift thursday, then i think a double at wonderland friday, then a double saturday between ihop and wonderland     time to shower and hit the hay"
i cant believe wonderland is already almost over  this saddens me greatly
i think ive heard ''12 days of christmas'' done in every genre of music except rap
dread is a terrible thing to e playful erience
anyone wanna go skating on the 2nd?
some woman busted her head open on the ice and all hell broke loose
packed in a <propfirst> like mexicans
this year to save me from tears im punching you in the face if you dont shut up
great day to go riding    too bad i'm working
just got my last schedule for the wonderland     this sucks
so who thinks i should take a shot at being a waiter?
its lovely weather for a bike ride together with you
"home from a horrible night at the wonderland  waiting on my pizza now  oh and tomorrow night after 4 if you go to ihop you can get a 15% discount if you tell the manager, <propfemale>, i sent you there"
"wiseman once said \forgiveness is divine but never pay full price for late pizza dude\"""""
so what does everyone want for christmas?
omg im having too much fun skating  im gonna hurt someone
ah elf life     such a hard life! oh well    <propfemale> christmas everyone!
"got a leather jacket, new helmet, an ipod, and some other little stuff"
i hate itunes with such a passion
it is pouring like a mother fucker
i should work on getting a new truck
come together    right now    over me
you have no idea   
home from work    didn't get to ride my bike home though damnit!
ice skating tuesday at noon anyone?
"dont hold me up now, i can stand my own ground, i dont need your help, you will let me down"
my ipod just died    damnit
needs something to do tomorrow morning   
doesnt wanna get out of bed
you say you want a revolution well ya know    we all wanna change the world
god damnit i drop my bike in the most ridiculous and embarrasing situations
chillin at dennys tired as hell
oh just got a $524 44 paycheck too  my next one should be even bigger
long ass day of riding  dont know where i went but i think i saw a sign that said bunnell
"good day of work  skate guard all night, got a new camera, and picked up an extra hour for tomorrow"
ya know once this wonderland shit is over with i wont know what to do with myself
"i can mash potatoes, i can do the twist"
7 hours on skates is a bad idea
got a job offer today! booyah!
"home from the last night of winter wonderland  last 2 hours i was there the staff had the rink all to ourselves  played tag, raced, got drunk (while skating), snowball fight, and other shenanigans  also rode down the ice slide standing up  terrifying  rode around on top of the train  fun ass night  now i don't work for 2 days  i'm gonna be bored as fuck"
just broke the nut that holds the shock onto my bike     not good
is officially a college drop out
a cute girl to cuddle with sounds good right about now
i have no idea what to do with myself now
i'm pretty awesome    just saying!
i wonder how mad the pizza guy would be if i ordered pizza right now
haven't had my hands this dirty in a while    it feels good to have a wrench in my hand again and workin on something i love
never back down
wants to ride soooo bad
you can be my brown eyed girl  wink 
needs something ot do   
"\you two would make a cute cupple!\"" hahahaha wow!"""
"should be going to sleep, but is wayyy too busy thinking about stuff"
"yall are gonna think i'm nuts, but i really want a low rider truck"
hmmm thinking about selling the samurai to get a new truck
just got back from jax and i got lost on the way back so that added like an extra 20 <propmale> riding in the cold
ya know right now would be a great time to have a cute girl to cuddle with
is selling a 79' ford 4x4 and an 87' suzuki samurai  if you know anyone looking for either let me know
"just tried to hit a 100    ya just couldn't do it, huh?"
starting to shake that fear
"copy this to your status! smile \red)i love you\blue) i want to go out with you\green)i think about you\yellow) your my best friend"
still got that smell on me even after doing 80    wtf?
should i say what i'm thinking or just keep my mouth shut?
is absolutely speechless and amazed     someones gonna be jealous
shower time for real this time
warming up friday! great news!
i'll be honest  i have absolutely no idea what i'm doing so i just hope i don't scew this up
is down right exhausted      sleepy time
chillin at victors just killing time and waiting
life is great life is awesome life is amazing! couldn't get any better than this! going for a ride!
"finally home after a long ass day at work, working on the bike and working on my brothers truck"
most boring night ever i swear
off work but gotta head out to my dads  thinking about someone 
don't wait for the perfect moment  the only <propmale> is now 
is following through with his new years resolution
just found a cd player made in 1995 that still works! wtf? they don't make em like they use to!
i wonder just a little too much
i can sleep when im dead
well there goes my night
has to come up with $539 to be able to go back to school   
"\men are stupid\"" hey! im standing right here! i can hear you!"""
time to stop chasing pennies and start chasing dreams
when i was young i thought the world was so simple    i was dead wrong
why in the world am i up at 4 in the morning?
i can ride my <propmale> with no handlebars
confuddled  heading out 
thinking about stuff  annoyed 
"strange day, but i think it ended well  it was nice talking to someone"
and you succeed again dumbass
"eh, i'm nuts, so what?"
riding with the guys
"so i shot my first gun today, hit a 100, went ripping thru traffic, froze my ass off, and pretty sure i came within a few inches of dying today  good day i say!"
if i fall i just want it to be hard and fast
this movie is retarded
just got home after getting a little lost out around flagler estates
"riffraff, street rat\i don't buy that\if only they'd look closer\would they see a poor boy? no, siree\they'd find out\there's so much more to me"
is walking around palatka
rule #2: double tap
too much noise in my head to sleep
kind hearts dont make a new story  kind hearts dont grab any <propfemale>
"\i've always prefered older women \"" \""hey my grandma's single!\"""""
so it would cost me about $250 in gas to get from st  auggy to los <propfemale>  hmmmm 
"so let me get this straight  i wash dishes, bus tables, wait tables, do all the janitorial work, cook, paint, be mr  fixit, generally help everyone, and"
sometimes act as a manager even and still see no raise after working here for a year and a half? wtf?
just lost some parts out on 214  annoyed  damnit
i search for the beat in this dirty town
wiseman once told me: if you want your life to be boring you make it boring  you want your life to be fucking insane you make it fucking insane  trying to remember that everyday 
road trip all over florida? sounds like a good idea to me!
home after a long ass day  great time though with old friends
we just got <propmale> rolled at ihop   
"if you love me ; comment on this status \if you think i'm a good friend ; like this status \if you have ever had a crush on me ; poke me \if you absolutely hate me ; then message me and tell me why \post this as your status if your not scared"
i am so exhausted    why am i still awake?
why is it everytime i ride my bike when im pissed something breaks?
"today i don't feel like doing anything\i just wanna lay in my bed\don't feel like picking up the phone\so leave a message at the tone\cuz today i swear i'm not doing anything"
whats a guy gotta do?
cant wait for bike week
"blackbird singing in the dead of night\take these broken wings and learn to fly\all your life    you were only waiting for this moment to arrive"
so i've got march 7th to the 16th off work for a little road trip  where all should i go?
i need food!!!
ya know for someone who's chicken shit i've got some balls
st  augustine: a quaint little drinking village with a fishing problem
thinking about skipping work tomorrow   
where my bitches at?
im so happy cuz today i found my friends    theyre in my head
<propmale> why the hell are you even thinking about this?
well    there goes my good mood 
just got busted by the cops
"i can be your hero, baby"
almost did #12 tonight
"<propmale>, why are you doing this to yourself?"
go to jax and freeze or stay in st  aug and do nothing?
almost died on 95
whats up with hot girls and skating? not that im complaining
where the hell am i?
rise against and bad religion at the ampitheatre? hellz yeah!
dont mess with my crazy ihop aunts  they all got my back
i need a new hobby   
i couldnt wait til i got home to pass the time in my room alone
just had a gay black man come onto me at mcd's   
just bought pit tickets for the rise against and bad religion concert
needs something to do
might be getting a job at the gate on 312
winter    nobody likes you! go away!
"phone steady beepin, but i'm busy sweepin hoes off their feet like i do every weekend"
"i should've been a cowboy\i should've learn to rope and ride\wearing my six shooter, \riding my pony on the cattle drive"
anyone got a tent i could borrow?
living the god damn dream!
"lost a glove while riding on the beach, but it was so worth it"
"i hate it when i'm talking to someone i enjoy talking to, but then we have nothing to say  annoyed "
party at my house and i'm the only one invited!
hot damn im awesome!
"i'm probably gonna jinx it by saying this, but i think its officially spring"
"\so uhh ya play xbox a lot?\"" greatest pickup line ever"""
sooo    ya wanna wrestle?
fuck march 1st
pissed the fuck off
so a manager got fired at ihop  hmmm 
i need a new job
the present moment is the only eternity you have
where the hell is my brown eyed girl?
well atleast there aint much left to piss me off
i swear im about to beat this little brats ass
gotta stop counting those pennies
im really starting to hate ihop
i have an imaginary friend but shes such a bitch!
"if i can pretend, even if only for a few hours, then for a few hours im happy"
there could easily be a 1000 people around me yet i still feel alone
exhausted    
nothing like falling out of bed to wake your ass up in the morning
this is down right pathetic
a boring life in a boring town with the same old crowd
can march 1st be done and over with already?
never had a plan just livin' for the minute
free pancake day at ihop is the perfect example of how free health care will not work
and all the girlies say i'm pretty fly for a white guy
not looking forward to tonight
made $35 in tips tonight  hopefully will be making more tips in the next few weeks  no more washing dishes for me  smile 
cant wait for friday
i like big butts and i cannot lie
1 hour until my last night shift is over    thank god!
"goodbye st  <propfirst>, hello daytona beach!"
cops in daytona are fucking dicks
do not let me in a swap meet  im like a kid in a <propfemale> shop
looks like im going back to daytona
can't  wait  for  tomorrow 
off to the new job  a little nervous
i'm liking the new job
hasnt got a clue
hate it when i'm pissed like this
will today please just hurry up and end?
it never gets any easier  you just get use to how hard it is 
this oppurtunity comes once in life time
ready for something new to happen  sick of the same ol' same ol' everyday b s 
omg i think i just made like $100 in one day!
nothing feels quite as good as holding a huge wad of cash $$
"good day, bad day? i can't tell  no idea what to think"
cant get this off my mind
i miss skipping school
got my eye on the prize
why must i be broke all the stinking time?
i always get in the mood to work on projects in the middle of the night then i cant cuz people are trying to sleep  annoyed  grrr
ihop sin #1: stealing one of robbins tables
ihop sin #2: not making coffee
"ihop sin #3: stealing another servers coffee pot, condiments, or food "
"ihop sin #4: not getting ice, glasses, or soda change when a server moans, whines, or bitches"
ihop sin #5: not rolling silverware
made 200 bucks today  booyah!
ihop sin #6: flirt too much with cute waitresses only to get rejected
<propfemale> pong balls - $1 86    reeses cup - $1 06    nearly getting kicked out of walmart - priceless 
ready to go the fuck home
anyone need a job?
i'm the kinda guy who colud make a million dollars in a day and still not be happy
back to daytona
mmmm hooters  deliciousness for my mouth and my eyes
together and miserable or single and lonely 
night shift sucks ass
everybody's working for the weekend
i may be getting killed tonight
oh yeah  she wants it
i wonder if hooters hires bus boys
can life get any wierder
new phone  finally i wont be walking around like its 2005
just when i thought things would be getting easier they just got harder
so it's gonna rain on my day off? wtf   
working again on my day off
whoo employee of the month again    yippee    that was hard   
anyone wanna go ice skating tonight?
howd i become such a workaholic?
hmmmm skydiving?
is moving to tennesse
haha im surprised my april fools joke worked yesterday
what to do what to do what to do
im not growing up im just burning out
i hope i dont smell like that when i get old
just had an epiphany
did a milf just check me out?
so i'm the only male server at work yet i never get the table of nothing but hot girls? what gives?
got another 30+ year old woman hitting on me tonight     wtf?
good day at work  $96 in tips  new record for me
has become such a greedy little bastard
ready for something new
"salary of us pres   $400,000 \salary of retired us pres   $180,000 \salary of house senate   $174,000 \salary of speaker of house   $223,500   \salary of majority minority leaders   $193,400   \      average us salary   $33,000 to $77,000  i think we found where the cuts should be made! if you agree    repost!\i think we should    start from the top & work our way down"
need something to do tonight   
"you can treat your body like a <propfemale>, but i'll treat mine like an amusement park"
"it's amazing how the guys from the hangover are so much like me, <propmale>, and <propfirst>"
"so i lost my phone, helped some retard in a wheel chair out the bathroom, and some random woman took my picture while i was eating     completely normal night for me"
remembering all the corny pickup lines  i would say to make you laugh and all the tickle fights that we had
"if it's bewtween about 4 pm, your waiter gives you the check and comes back every 5 minutes to get the money it's probably time for him to get off work   do not keep him waiting cuz he's probably been working since 7 in the morning bitch!"
"phones gone, laptop broke, and computer broke  damnit"
has had one hell of a day   
feels like i got hit by a bus
feels like such utter shit
haven't felt this bad since swine flu
got a phone again 5402599  text me <propfirst>
i'll show you mine if you show me yours first
"okay, what are we all doing up this late?"
if you hate your job so much why dont you just quit instead of bitching all the time?
moshed  crowd surfed  dance with some hot bitch  broke my nose  i'd say i had a good night
warning labels were only made for those who cant think for themselves
like this if you think sweet tea is the shit
night shift sucks
apple is it too much trouble for me to talk to a human? that too much to ask?
its gettin hot in herre
"sitting, waiting, wishing"
all work and no play makes <propmale> a very wealthy boy
"\whats the difference between a pancake and an omellete?\"" - some stupid customer"""
"live long and prosper, bitches"
joy to the world osama is dead
whoever put a bullet in that raghead    you sir are bad ass 
what did i learn tonight? dont mess with shit on <propfemale> talbot's keychain
