4c1b73593c72a3e7a1e3487ca2a8cc15
is working late again today    i am so ready for this project to be finished       grrrrr    
is so happy it is finally thursday   it has been a stressful couple of weeks     but luckily my weekend starts at 4 today!!!!  tgit!!
doesn't want to be at work today    not that i ever do  wink   hopefully this week will fly by
wow      99 outside with a 115 heat index right now     i guess i should have known it was going to be a hot one when it was 79 when i left for work this morning at 5 smile 0
"gets to drive home in \severe\"" weather    yippy"""
is feeling a bit stuffy today    hope it is just allergies!
is plotting my drawings and calling it a week     tgit!
is hoping this is going to be an easy week     and only 3 days!!  woo hoo!!
is heading to the house      only 2 more work days this week!!!!!
is soaking wet after walking (running) from the parking lot to the building     now i am listening to the thunder pop      don't think the guys will be working today!  wish i got rain days too  smile 
is about 9 hours away from a 6 day weekend!!!! woo hoo!!!
   one sketch and description down     one boundary survey to go     hopefully this afternoon will go by quickly!
really hates the new alachua county property appraiser gis site     uuuggghhhhh    
just woke up from a little nap with 2 dogs laying on top of me     
is relaxing with a cup of coffee    no plans today    woo hoo!!!
just made a big pot of chicken and dumplings   mmmmmmm    
is heading up to ga    working on my vacation!
is back at work today  sad  but at least it is just a 2 day week!!
has to archive the surver today     busy work really sucks!
just got back from a nice lunch with <propfirst>!  now it is back to work  sad 
stayed up way to late last night     and has a lot of work to get done today   sad 
didn't get enough sleep due to the fact that the power went out last night for a couple hours for no good reason?!?!  a battery backup beeping at 1 am gets really annoying really quickly!
tgit!!  my boss is gone for the rest of the week    so i am the boss today!  i think everyone should go home with pay?!?!   smile 
is waiting on some plots     then to publix and then dropping off a survey at the county      and then home for the weekend!!! woo hoo!!
is at work with a headache     uuuggghhh   
had some really strange dreams last night      but at least today is thursday!!!  tgit!!!
is sipping on some coffee and planning the day with <propfirst>    man i love 4 day work weeks!!!
is sitting here at work wishing i was still in bed!!
started back on my morning workout today      4 smile 0 is too early to be up!
really needs to finish up this minor subdivision today so i can take tomorrow off!!!  looking forward to another 4 day weekend!
is going to be starting my 4 day weekend in mere moments!!!  woo hoo!!!
"is getting ready to head to gainesville    drop off a survey, then errands   hanging with <propmale> and <propfemale> tonight!!"
"had to drive the jeep to work today, since my truck had a flat tire     not starting out monday morning very well!"
is happy to have my truck back today    now lets hope tuesday is a little better than monday!
2 hours down    8 to go     but today is going to go by slowly since i have nothing to work on  sad   things are getting scary around here!
is thinking about taking the rest of the week off     i just need to finish up a couple small projects first     
just finished uncharted!! woo hoo!!  now i have to wait till october for uncharted 2
"is at home for the rest of the week     to bad it won't be a relaxing \vacation\""!"""
is heading up to ga in a couple hours     can't believe my nephew is six today!!!?!?!?!?   smile 
"is back from ga, had a nice visit with my family! now i have to catch up on house work and get ready to go back to work tomorrow  sad "
"has so much work for the next couple of weeks     i wish we could just get a steady project load, but i guess a lot of work is better than no work!"
stayed up way past my bed time last night hanging out with <propfirst> and drinking mojitos      but at least it is friday for me!!!  hope i get to sleep in tomorrow!
thinks mother nature is messing with me     it was 61 this morning!!!  but i am sure that is only temporary
is so tired today      is it bad that it is not even 7 yet and i already need a nap?!?   smile 
"picked up the new professor layton yesterday and is really enjoying it, hope they don't wait another year and a half for to release the 3rd!"
is thinking about going to see colt ford tomorrow night     who else is in??????
is heading up to lake city for the weekly errands    
had a nice (busy) weekend    lets hope this week goes by quickly! only a few more days till gator football!!!!!!!!
"has a very busy thursday ahead of me, but i get to ride this afternoon to kick off my 4 day weekend!!!"
"is getting ready for the game tomorrow night    beer is on ice, meat is ready for the grill, now i just have to wait another 26 hours     uuuggghhhh!!!! go gators!!!!!!!"
less than 7 hours till gator football!!!!
"it's been a hard day's night, and i've been working like a dog so i can pay the taxman but you can't buy me love even if you work eight days a week     looks like i will be playing rockband beatles tonight with a little help from my friends, while my guitar gently weeps!"
tgit!  hopefully i can finalize this project today so i don't have to work tomorrow!
turned down 4 tickets to the gator game tomorrow     what the hell is wrong with me????  oh yeah    noon games at the swamp suck!
stay classy kanye     
is at work    the top of my desk is completely empty     looks like today is going to be a boring day!
still has nothing to work on      and the field crews were sent home again today    might as well take tomorrow off!
9 more hours till the weekend!  new grey's tonight!!!!
is wondering if 6 am is too early to start drinking     this project from hell just keeps getting better  sad 
is so happy the weather is finally cooling off!  53 this morning!!!!!   love  it!
is really hoping the reason tebow hasn't been cleared to play yet is just to screw with lsus head?!?!
"just loves \fall\"" in fl     a nippy 78 at 5 smile 0 this morning     soooo yucky  sad """
's copy of uncharted 2 has shipped!!!  woo hoo    i think i feel a sick day coming  smile 
is so happy <propmale> is hanging out with us while he is on leave from afghanistan!!  i think i will be leaving work early today so i can spend more time with him!!!
"has had a long week     lake city mx tonight, suwannee tomorrow to celebrate my mom's birthday!!"
will be so happy when this awful project is done  sad 
"     a hurricane in november?? really??  oh well, we need the rain!"
was laughing my butt off this morning when <propfirst>'s girl came on the radio    anyone who has been watching <propmale> springfield on californication this season knows why  smile 
has a <propmale> headache from the guys working on the roof above my head all day  sad 
10 more hours till 10 days off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  woo hoo!!!!!!
is in complete shock!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
really wishes columbia county would grade our road!!
final season of lost starts tonight     woo hoo!!
"you have to do this     go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name  copy and paste this as your status and put in the first entry for your name under comments   "
saw the coolest shooting <propfemale> this morning on my way into gainesville     it was a double!  thought they might land on the hood of my truck  smile 
usa!!! usa!!! usa!!! woohooo!!!!!
forcast for today    heavy rain!!  (but not until around 2 when the ups man comes!!!)
"is wondering if sony has fixed the y2k10 bug yet     was hoping to play some heavy rain tonight, but am too scared to turn on the ps3!"
has been working way above my pay grade this week    
really wishes i worked in the field on days like this    instead of behind a computer for 10 hours straight      what a beautiful day in fl!
is wondering how i am going to watch the gator game tomorrow at noon???
is supposed to hear back from the lawyer today with comments on the first <propfemale> survey i've ever signed     a little worried lol
hmmm    <propfemale> and a high of 77    sounds like a good day to lay by the pool and sip rum  smile 
just saw an otter cross main street in gainesville as i was leaving work!
"really chevy??  a dead battery (i hope) at 36,001 <propmale>   i hope this isn't a sign for things to come     at least the f150 made it to 48k <propmale> and the titan made it to 43k <propmale> before becoming scrap metal   is it too much to ask for a truck to last longer than the <propfemale> period?!?!?!?  i see a tudra in my future!"
went in for a new battery and left with a new truck     what what?!?!?
stamkos!!!!!!!!!!  scored with 12 seconds left in the season to tie crosby with 51 goals!!!!!!!!  woo hoo!!!
just got my hours cut back 20%     after a 10% paycut a year and a half ago!  yay!
wishes archer road was as nice at 4 smile 0 p m  as it is at 4 smile 0 a m !
"so my 3 day week has turned into a 10, two 11s, and an 8 and my 4 day weekend has turned into a 2 day weekend     but i am definitely not complaining!"
"dear columbia county, it doesn't matter how much limerock you dump on top of a washout, until you divert the water the road is not fixed   gravity is a bitch   that is all "
11 more hours till a 5 day weekend!!  woo hoo!!!
<propfemale> skyward sword not out until 2011    boo nintendo  sad 
knows times are tough when i am seriously considering comuting to jax everyday for a job!!!!!!!!!!!
facebooking fromthe kindle   sweet!
thinks it might take a couple glasses of whiskey to kill this hodges-glyphics induced headache!
@#$%% fatal error %$!*&!  oh how i loathe thee
working 5 days this week     sweet!!!
"worked 38 hours in the last 3 days    and the week is barely half way over  sad \\at least my pay check is going to be nice  smile "
53 hours in and my work week just keeps on going      
at home on a tuesday  sad    hope we get some work in soon!
so   i came within a couple inches of hitting a 6-point this morning on bible camp     it is always fun to lock up your brakes on a <propfirst> dirt road at 4 smile 0 in the a m !
"dear columbia county,\moving my polling place from the north end of my neighborhood (where i can ride my 4-wheeler and never get off the dirt road) to 15 <propmale> north on 441 is not actually \for my convenience\""  \",4c1b73593c72a3e7a1e3487ca2a8cc15,is unemployed     now what?
"the house smells so good right now    big pot of veggie and beef soup simmering, making me hungry!!!"
any of my surveyor friends know what hydro class i need to take to get my license in ga?
love waking up to owls hooting and turkeys gobbling in the back yard!
hmmmm    university of alaska needs a survey professor???? applied!
sorry jimmer  playful 
just got back from a bike ride to ft  white (14 <propmale> round trip)   ready for a good weekend
