371e9270a8b7e71b9d5b57aec2f4f9e7
"<propfirst> wonders why his hair is so long    thus ending in a desperate battle between his right hand and his left hand, the former liking the style and the latter reaching for the scissors "
too much biking!!! the longest i've ever done: 50+ <propmale>  i think everyone that went is has or will crash in a very short while 
ah quite a day  what do you do when you are trapped between a dilemma and a quandary? find your nothing box  quickly   smile 
"man, there are too many people i haven't seen in ages!!! somebody help me remember who they all are!!!!  laugh "
ugh  stupid bike broke again and i can't shift  at least things are looking good for skh    man i can't believe you can get really bad allergies and asthma at the same time   
"therecomes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless dramaand the people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good  after all, life is too short to be anything but happy  repost thisif you agree     "
"ahh, don't you love the feeling that when you get just enough that you think you can never get done, you take a break and think about nothing? in fact, you're thinking about nothing so much that you just look at what you have to do and laugh, knowing that you actually have to do it  smile "
"ah the fourth  what would we do without freedom? people fight wars for it  hah i think i'm getting deep because i'm listening to the soundtrack to braveheart right where they win that battle  well, cheers on the fourth!"
we bounce through our lives like shopaholics in a store closing sale until we run out of pocket change  a dilemma  what can we do about it? run for dear life   
we should strive to be who we can be for the time we're allotted  that seems to be the best we can do 
"dude! it was amazing! we broke another record today at sidewalk!! 80+ kids and they were really attentive  last week they were crazy rowdy! oh well, i'm just happy that the object lesson went well     laugh "
"ah nothing like a busy day  sometimes i get stressed out, but then i think about god  and then i wonder what people without a religion do  that just makes outreach so much more important!"
"if you believe in jesus christ put this in your wall  don't just ignore this because in the bible it says that if you deny him, he will deny you in front of his father in the gates of heaven  this is the simplest test: if you love god and you are not ashamed of it, copy this "
had a relaxing afternoon  whatever that is   
what's weirder than seeing someone you haven't seen in 12 years? accidentally crashing their birthday party  smile  i must have some sort of sixth sense for timing to catch them walking out the door! now i have bragging rights mwahahaha =p
 smile 
itunes has a mind of it's own!! it can singlehandedly read my mind and play related music  it's really creeping me out  especially when i don't want to know what i'm feeling on some issues o o
"nursing wounds of the flesh today  after a bike crash and poor <propfirst> (<propfirst> fisher bike model) taking a smashing, i'm also nursing wounds of the heart  no more riding until i get it fixed d= oh well, i'm sure getting ready for s a  is going to be busy enough   "
"hey, does somebody have any pictures of last years fall picnic? i could use some watery ones for the poster of this years  asap if possible!  smile "
thinks that we need a good school vacation  already 
"study, study and study  i found out that listening to pirates of the caribbean soundtrack while studying is useful to be an anti-boring substitute to the atmospheric noises of my house  or maybe it was because making flash cards is so easy  well, looks like i'm 1 step closer to acing that oxidation number test anyhow!"
wow  2 hours of lost and i am nowhere closer to reaching an end of my confusedness  just  wow 
i'm getting the feeling that i'm injury prone    d=<
great vespers! i loved the way that went     smile 
oh man  just two episodes away from ending the time-vortex called lost  i'm assuming i'll have it finished by the end of this weekend  i'm getting a feeling similar to that of amnesia    but maybe that's cause i just watched four hours of it straight o o
"yes! i finally finished lost  ah, the ending wasn't the cream of the crop, but it wasn't a bad series to watch five seasons of    leaves me wondering about the dharma initiative    o o"
"has been uber-stressed  like the pull your hair out, jump off a <propmale> stressed  hopefully relaxing and reading (thanks <propfirst>) will help out  smile "
wishes there was more strawberry banana smoothie in his cup    =   (
i   think   my   mind   is   going   to   e playful lode    o o
thinking about getting into photography  always loved to take pictures    anybody want to help me out? i know really nothing about camera types or functions     sad 
what's more annoying than finishing an assignment and having it crash when you hit print? i don't think that i've found anything up to this day   
"hey to all you cool people, who wants to go for bike rides? well anybody that wants can come sunday mornings  mostly rain or shine, pm me or <propmale> s  this includes mountain bikers and racing bikers  like i said, anybody and everybody! so if you have any interest at all, you can pm me, <propmale>, or joe-d g  in fact you could either pm, call, or bump into one of us at school "
ah  i love community service  no homework due the next day  smile 
hates stinking colds  they make me sleepy and sick  blech to whoever gave me this!!!  playful 
"wonders if he's the only one that finds himself picking up an instrument to let out emotion  i find that if i have something on my mind, i put more heart into my music  but that's just me   smile "
hates mazes with no end  especially when you feel like you're living in it  > sad 
ah    i am so glad it's friday after school  tgif!
"the most awesome thing you can do on a sunday is bike  head down, tires spinning, speedometer going up and up    we got up to 45 mph today on the hills we were on  it was one of the most insanely fun things i've done on a 3-day weekend  smile "
"i think my lab partner is dropping  > sad  oh well, i still have her lab composition notebook from copying data i didn't get  although i'm not sure how much its going to help me  annoyed "
"i love afternoons like this! the cold, the sun and everything else  makes me smile  laugh "
"like my status and i'll annoyed \1: say what i've learned about you while looking at your wall for 13 seconds\2: say what color you remind me of\\3: say my first memory of you\4: say what animal you remind me of\5: ask you something i've always wondered about you\6: say my favorite thing about you\7: give you a weird nickname\8: tell you what's on my shirt right now\9: give you a challenge to post this as your status"
"why are threads coming loose on virtually everything i'm wearing today? okay, i get one or two, but more than that? i'm falling apart!! xo"
"wow, there's so much to say! and yet there is nothing that i could start to e playful lain that would take under 420 characters    i guess a smiley will have to do for now     laugh "
"i am so exhausted right now    thanks goodness that fall fest is half over!! now lets look at why they call it a weekend   \\3 hours until i go to bed\16 hours until i become a public violinist again\24 hours until we enter craziness\36+ hours before i get my camera  smile \48+ hours until i start my bible project\\   nevermind, nothing is \end\""ing   """
wishes commitments could end for a month   
"rediscovered some of his parents really old music cds like <propmale> petty, sting, <propmale> <propmale>, chicago, <propmale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propmale>, and the wall!"
can i just pass out now?
"it feels <propfemale> good to be done  i just wish we were totally done  the only problem with that is that all the people who couldn't come to this last one couldn't see it at all  and that would be a shame! well, at least there's only one more morning at 5:50   "
"time to \sleep in heavenly peace   \""  laugh  goodbye everyone until tomorrow!"""
stress  it's the only thing i've gotten more of than my 10 hours of sleep and 3+ meals a day the last two weeks  and i am more than ready to pick up a good book and veg out this break  laugh 
watched the first dr  who and beat my dad at foosball  what an afternoon  smile 
"well, the banquet was awesome! everything from my date down to the lights in the limo and the fact that i have mounds of chocolate sitting in my room from the white elephant gift exchange  well, maybe the last parts not that good    you guys will just get to e playful erience me hyper soon  very soon!"
> sad 
"everyone is a genius at least once a year  the real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together \—georg christoph lichtenberg"
"is more than 100% glad that today is over  the feeling is almost indescribable  whooh, two and a half days to go     laugh "
"you know, it's really messed up  the craziest things i've done have either been the best or the worst things i've ever done  or just left people thinking that i'm plain crazy  the problem is that i seem to have no way of differentiating between the 'good' crazy ideas and the 'bad' crazy ideas  well   mostly  smile "
is it a crime to think your friends are crazy?
"feels like he could fly away with neo, sail away with caspian, rock away with petty, read away like a scholar, and hibernate away like a brown bear  if this wasn't break i'd kill myself!"
the best gifts come from the most une playful ected places 
sometimes i think my life is more interesting than a science-fiction novel
studying for finals while listening to the moody blues?    oh yeah  laugh 
why am i thinking about music tour already? maybe because i can't wait!???
hey listen up columbia students: pajama day has been moved to the 26th of january  do not come in pajamas next wednesday!!! tell everyone you know!
"the camera, a scenic location    and rain  annoyed "
tomorrow is pajama day!!! nobody forget that!!!
is not taking orders for the best fudge ever made  smile  don't you wish you were in chemistry now?
"i have no idea how i made it through last week  in fact i think some of me got left back there  if you find it, please write: return to sender and put it in the mail box  laugh "
is it just me today or was everyone out to get me? why are people such jerks at times    it can just make me sick  or am i just tired   
who got a job at big lake this summer? (not me)
yeah i have my license now so watch out world  wink 
off to walla walla!
"my room is surprisingly squeaky clean! it was annoying me dirty so i cleaned it and rearranged  i also rebuilt a ton of my old lego sets  when i get tired of looking at them, off to the lego store i go for cash  wink  that makes me happy"
"man, it is crazy how much can happen in a day! it was a good day, but man do i have stuff to do! i can't wait until next year when maybe, just maybe, i won't always have to be running to catch up to the bus of education   "
"\life is what happens while you're making plans \""\",239ae11fd91bcaa7408851e2d0a9e2ef,gator's girls better be using jimmies!
