0236c5cec968a8502086bbf36dca74b6
doesnt have a winterformal date how sad   lol
operation condor haha what a great movie
i seriously need to clean my room it is so messy dude     
"cyrill: haha, ooh!i'm gonna <propfemale> your picture on my wall! (obsessed!)"
formal  smile  tonight is going to be one crazy night 
is wandering       
eats cold raviolli
do dreams really do come true?
my sister <propfemale> is so awesome  i love her 
forensic files
oh man i got socked in the face by a three year old  now i know how juicer feels hahahahahaha
woke up to my sister's bad ass singing to seasons change
right now im feeling pretty shitty xoxoxoxo
aint nothing like them summer nights
had a good time with the family today     cant wait until school is over  
"just \ wow\"" thats all i can say ha """
"if you knew me knew me i'll probably drive you crazy, just saying, look at my mom   haha"
sunburn on my face from yesterday sucks    and im super dark now  playful 
my nose is peeeling whoop whoop!
run <propmale> run haha
happy fathers day!
finding nemo 2  love 
"itsjulin 9 surprise 0 pm i am a bitch\\behold the truth*"
thank you thank you everyone for the birthday wish hehe  smile 
im so cool!!
time flys by so quick like oh em geeeee
watched inception today  good movie 
i love tacos and oranges!
watching <propfemale> and the frog again!
happy birthday nundee!!!
hakuna matata
rawr  love 
"all i hear is \turn that flab into ab\"" hahaha how annoying"""
hi yak yah! *giggles*  smile 
i enjoy liking my own status  love 
it feels good to be sick in the summer  annoyed 
"i feel very special now, i'm <propfemale> happy!  wink "
i am cooler than you  tee <propfemale> 
yay no school tomorrow whoop whoop! i'm happpppy  laugh 
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw lmao
i'm hella scared to shower now man i hate scary stories
yay <propfemale> vang made a facebook  love 
1 more week  love 
"i am \zzzzzzz\""  wink """
 sad 
komquat
hells kitchen today whoop whoop!
trying out this crest whitening strip thingy majiggers i feel weird spit is building up lol
<propfirst> scissorhands love 
easy a is furkin hilarious
had a good time at the game smile  eaaaaaagles!
time to bring out my long colorful socks woo hoo
freakin someone prank called my phone and all i heard was ymca music in the background  get a life!
boom chicka boom boom boom  boom 
happy halloween  smile ! funtime 
what the heck is smh?
i'm know i'm late       but kevjumba is not on the amazing race anymore  sad  booo!
nap time     
hi julin  smile 
today was awesome smile  first time ever laser tagging whoop whoop!
like my status and ill give you a why wassup  smile 
happy bithday to my momma!  love  caketime  smile 
oh no wait i take that back imma watch the 70's show
epic day with scs  love 
when life gives you lemons       
gonna watch <propfemale> mononoke  yeap 
i hate today
"november 29 to december 6, change your profile pic to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the object of the game--to not see one single human face on fb to raise awareness of the fight against child abuse "
hahahahahahaha i fail at that snake game  playful 
good day
music therapy 
valoso  love 
today is going to be interesting
 smile 
i hate you
guess what song they were playing at <propfemale>'s? last christmas by wham!  i swear i was gonna dance in the aisle
"i know im late, but yeah im gonna add tangled to one of my favorite disney movies along with up, love it "
"<propfemale> christmas to everyone  especially to the troops out in afghanistan, enjoy the holidays "
found two dollars in my old wallet  that's lucky 
criminal minds! whoop whoop
my mom gets all happy when i wear her old sweaters lol 
oprah reveals her secret! omg 
facebook is the only time where it's okay to talk to a wall     haha that made me laugh
stockton rated as number 1 worst city in the u s again  come on man  lol 
right when i'm about to sleep i get the hiccups  not cool 
taco tuesday > <propmale> taco> happiness
bobs burgers is better than family guy
lovin this weather  good day  smile 
