f4640678c4fa01a29628fd367bd43033
"thank you everyone, love you guys!!! wow 28 years old, its going by sooooo fast "
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! ?
"help, i still need slates, boards and vines only   thanks everyone "
"nasty virus running around farmville!!!!!!!! there will be a box that pops up says there is a problem & it will fix it  it says click on the ok button *** do not click it !!!!! instead, click on ctrl alt delete  this is the only way to get out without getting the virus !!!!!!! please please repost thi   s to your home pg 4 all 2 see!"
"we are soooo proud of <propfirst>, she has straight a's  keep up the good work girlie    we love you!"
whats better than reading your daughter a bedtime story   
omg! taco <propfemale> is the best!!!!!
at work on a saturday is not bad when its o t 
going back to school    today is my frist day kinda nervous     
if it wasnt for bad luck i swear i would not no luck at all!!!!! gotta keep tellin myself that it could always be worse     
"a promise to my children: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture \you, drive you crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front ofyour friends, hunt you down like a bloodhound because i love you! \when you understand that, i will know you are responsible adults  you \will never find someone who loves you, cares about, protec   ts, and worries about you more than your mom! copy and paste if you are a mom"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes    my birthday was great! cant believe i'm 29  wow the years go by sooo fast!
at home passen out <propfemale> with the family!!!!
had an awesome day! went to old sac with george   it was great!
"i may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman, nor do i have the perfect body  may not be everybody' s first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm the best at being me  i may not be proud of some things in my past, but i am proud of who am today  so take me as i am, or watch me as i walk away  post if you're proud of being you  real women rock"
"is e playful ecting again !!! i know, i know, it's crazy isn't it? i can't believe it myself  i was not going to put it on here because its obvious but wanted to make it official    i mean who would have guessed that we are e playful ecting again!! yup its official    we are e playful ecting wind tonight and cold again tomorrow!!! re-post if you have any sense of humor!!!"
