c6c554ed496393c33f58ac99470bfcac
back to my natural haircolor yesterday  school tomorrow  eww  lol   sick again too  gosh i just got over that sinus thing now i have a cold!?!?! grr  ily
"back to my natural haircolor yesterday! school tomorrow! eww  lol  sick again, it's like i just got over that sinus thing a few dayyys ago and now i'm sick again!?!?!? grr  ily <propfemale>  smile "
going to sierra's par-tay on friday and spending the night  this month is suuuper busy hit me up and talk people! lol  laugh 
<propfemale>'s birthday party tomorrow   so excited!!!  laugh  met this boy at this other party     wink 
guys are sooo stupid!!!!  sad 
sending out birthday invites  plus getting a new puppy today!!!!  laugh  sierra's party tomorrow yeah baby!!! lol {love ya girly}
went to the mall of <propfemale> with <propfemale> and some of her friends on sunday    planning birthday party and wishing people would let me sleep!
i am surprised with my stereotype results   we had to bring the puppy back     sad  i miss him already  he was cute 
going to <propfemale>'s again this friday to see transformers and go to the rockin' rogers celebration  hope to see <propfemale> there yeah!
that kid had some nerve bugging me last night after what's he's done to me    hopefully now that issaiah talked to him he'll leave me the heck alone   or just get his face beat in which ever one  it's his choice  lol  <propfemale>'s was bomb love you girly!  laugh 
i'm <propfemale> excited!!!! p<propmale>y in 11 days!!!!  laugh   plus i found out my driver's exam is scheduled for august 20th   better st<propmale> practicing my parallel parking and 90 degree backing  lol <propfemale> where <propmale> thou???{love you girly!}
well i was told something different   smile  me neither i don't have very many clothes   for the summer or any other season  can't wait till i can go buy some new clothes!
whatever i'm so over this summer   people need to learn how to grow up then talk to me  starting stuff with me doesn't make anyone feel good you know?
omg might be on the way to new york on the 10th of july!!!! <propfemale>'s asking right now!!!!  laugh 
hey people birthday party next saturday!!!!  laugh  get excited! lol
guess what!?!?!? we went to the fireworks in princeton yesterday[me and alyssa{chuck!}] and we got hit by debris falling from the sky!!!!  laugh  it was scary but now i have a scrap to remember it by 
tired and hanging with <propfemale>    she's going home in like an hour or so      sad  cleaning mania for my party today till saturday! whoo-hoo! (sarcastic)
birthday pictures coming soon!!!  laugh 
tired and tired  that's about it   
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! that's so thoughtful!  smile  drinking <propfemale>'s soda   the best in thee world!!! a birthday present just came by ups but i can't open it until my mom gets home    at six o'clock!!!!  laugh  ahhh! the suspense! lol
going to <propfemale>'s on sunday and then heading to issaiah's grad party!!!  laugh  uploading birthday pictures now you should check them out!
stupid thing cut me out before i could finish uploading all my photos!!! grr more coming *hopefully*  annoyed 
rockin' out to the devil wears prada!!! it always seems to lift my mood    i don't know why! lol  laugh dd
went to <propmale> potter yesterday and got her second ear piercing too!!!!  laugh  the movie was mainly amazing except for the fact that it was lacking a few very big points   oh well you can't cram everything into 2 hours!  laugh 
going to go read or maybe sleep    idk yet   annoyed 
smells like axe!!!!  laugh  love it soooo much yummm     wink  {tired of being bored and alone}
"\i'm <propfemale> tired of finding happiness only for it to walk away from me into the beyond   \"" \""true friends stab you in the face   \"" -superchick-"""
heyyy anyone out there???? who's not busy tomorrow night??? come to the races i don't want to go by myself!  laugh 
"i'm super duperr tiredd!!!  annoyed   i hate this feeling of nothingness, and boredomm   "
going to go to sleep asap   byeee 
lifee is boring    is there nothing coming to liven this rutt i've fallen into???? idk still feeling kinda sick though      annoyed 
listenin to some musicc and deciding what to do with my lifeee    decided maybe my dad was right about my dream    i just don't know   annoyed  any ideass people???
"\take me and you'll be rewarded  love me and you'll be rewarded with my love in return  do wrong unto me and you'll be royally screwed by the friends who've got my back   you are warned \"" hahah   love """
heyyyyyy peoples!!!! i'm getting my hair cut on monday and getting it colored on tuesday  yay! go meeee  lol get ready for a shocker! *hehehe* that's all i'm going to say  picturesss nexxtt weekk man  byee 
is hanging out at scsu today and getting my hair done by my cuz in a little bitt   laugh ddd super duper tiredd   lol   seeing <propfemale> and issaiah today!
checking out this cute guyy at the library @ scsu  lol  what to do he's a college guyy{maybe}   but i mean i didn't know that cute guyys actually volunteer at the library!!!  surprise  lol i'm sooo funnnay!  laugh 
got my hair colored and i miss my normal hair color but this is bomb! lol it makes my hur pop  talk to <propfemale>   laugh dd
omg driver's test tomorrow!!!  laugh d i hope my car passes the inspection     surprise 
buying the music for the musical audition this fall   still shooting for <propfemale> but    i might also put <propfemale> on my sheet too  who know???  laugh ddd
i passed my driver's examm!!!!  laugh dd that guy was a meanie though i didn't like him one bit   plus he made me superr duperr nervous   surprise  lol
just chillin' and stuff  watched the football game last night with my cousin yesterday   vikings won baby!!!! lol  laugh 
rockin' out to music    dashboard confessional :never heard of them??? well look them uppp!  laugh ddd in a superr duperr good mood 
is excited for chamber training the next 3 days starting tomorrow!!!!  laugh  yay  i'm miss driving already   i'm such a dork  oh well  i lover you grapers hope your day gets better   laugh 
"wow   what is with guyyss lately??? goodness gracious, do i have a sign on my back saying \welcome all pervs druggies drunks jerks are to hit on this girl right here!\""???? it's gettin superr duperr annoying to deal with!!! grrr     sad """
finished with the chamber camp yesterday   have to sing anthem twice next week so yup  <propfemale> you should come ovar nextt week  you are my grape and i wanna squish you in a hug  oh wait   wouldn't you turn into juice??? lol  hahah raisin's can't in your face!!!!  laugh 
"just ate wayyyy too much food! lol considering i just ate a bowl of soup, a bottle of chocolate milk, 6 in sweet terriyaki chicken sandwich and some cheese puff thingys  hahah  i'm already regretting it "
"looking for colleges to <propmale> in music  got boredd after gettting through 3 of 44  hahaha   smile  freezin' cold out, last time i checked it was august!!!! but yet i'm sitting here in sweats and a sweatshirt  what's the deal with that???"
"listenin' to <propmale> marley  hahah  \cause every little thing is gonna be alright   \"" i'ma bored grapersss you should call me if you're friend left  k my grape???  laugh dd"""
home alone again   at least i don't have to shred today  graperss yay! i can't wait till you come over tomorrow!!!!  laugh dd wahoo!!!! ily!
went to the volleyball game tonight after singing the anthem babyyy!!!  laugh  anthem tomorrow and staying for the football game too! only that means i miss the vikings one    hmmm   oh well i'll live!  smile 
"bored and shocked at how fast this summer actuallyy went  goodness gracious batman! lol, ily grapers!!!  smile "
stupid school tomorrow! gosh this summer went wayy too dang fast for me   oh well time to make some more memories this year   smile 
tired from the dayyy   grr  where the heck is it????  sad  paperwork and homework now   laugh 
callback sheet posted in 20 minutes!!!! this year's musicals going to be amazing   smile 
my math homework is going to kill one of these days   
"glee is on tonight!!!!  laugh  hahah \i should put all your kids in <propmale> care   \""  smile """
my life has crashed and burned   and for the first time i don't think i will be recovering from it  i've decided to give up and not try it's too hard to try to be something i'm not and never was  gosh 
just got back from practice and now i'm going to do my homework now   *sigh*  can't wait for dressup days this coming week  <propfirst>'s later!  smile 
figured out her makeup for tuesday' halloween day!!!  laugh  it looks kinda creepy not going to lie   lol 
bomb threat @ school so hangin with the girls!  smile 
"well this week's been exciting   bomb threat, dressup days and winning the football game for homecoming last night  the dance was totally bomb <propmale> with the girls and had a blast  *wish he knew i was alive, oh well *  annoyed "
my ex-bff contacted me today   i don't know how i feel about that  it's sad i miss the times we had but i can't be around that messed up scene  i've changed  *wish life would go my way  confused  boys idk*
life is okay i guess   finally got to drive the car to rehearsal this morning  just got back and now i don't what to do with myself  lol   smile 
"rehearsal tonight for the play, and i get to find out my role in the drama i play tomorrow!!! yay   smile  it would have been nice since it did snow if it had stayed around so i could have played in it "
"took a 3 hour nap after getting home from musical rehearsal today  got up @ 6 this morning, and had practice from 8-12  the good thing is i'm getting better at the bar scene dance     smile "
"i'm a nervous wreck, why is it so hard for me to talk to guys? it doesn't help i turn bright red everytime i have to hug my \husband\"" in drama   everyone thinks it's cute  i think it's a <propmale> annoyance that stops me from talking to the one guy i want to without feeling like the <propmale> geek i am   lol  life  what ya gonna do?"""
"goodness it feels like lately i can't take a relaxing breath seeing as i'm always on my way to a commitment i can't get out of! what i would give to have a moment of laziness  crazy hectic day tomorrow, 7-9pm @ school "
tired and relaxing for once in the last two months     annoyed  it feels good   actually it feels great!  laugh dd
"costume party tomorrow!!! so excited!  laugh  *sigh* today is just one of those days that i can't help focusing on the bad in my life, and think how i'm going to be an old cat lady when i'm older  and i don't even really like cats     annoyed  go ahead <propfemale> try to tell me otherwise     wink "
omg the party last night was funn!  smile  whoever those creepers were that came looking in <propfirst>'s windows   we wanna know who you were so let us know k? it really freaked us out so yeah we will find you   heheheh   laugh dd
had funn our first two damn yankees shows this past weekend   finally a few days rest!  smile  i'm all beat up from our set pieces though   covered in bruises  lol 
gonna go work on my english poe project   it's due tomorrow 1st hour so yeah  lol   smile 
had funn at the college visit yesterday!  smile  decided my future college     wink  tired and have homework 
"had my drama performance yesterday!  smile  it was amazing, i even scared myself during my screams  the audience's reaction made me laugh when they all started talking after it   smile  sorry about that!"
there's a fricken squirrel in our chimney!!! x0 i'm not even joking right now    going to new <propfemale> with <propfemale> tomorrow!  laugh 
choir concert~ monday at 7 smile 0  be there or be square    or yeah just come  lol omg <propfirst> lambert and <propfemale> iraheta's cds are coming out this monday and on dec 1st! wahoo!  laugh dd
just got back from black friday shopping!!!!  laugh  got a $16 cd for $10  i love this day      laugh  working on my english paper now 
"people need to get flippin' lives if all the have to do is make fun of mine! you hopefully know who you are, no names here  just know you need to seriously grow up and fast, i will not have people making fun of my friends  go ahead and take a shot at me cause i've been toughened from before but leave my friends out of it   sad "
still going strong with rihanna's cd   it's kinda addictive  beware  lol   laugh  <propfemale> where <propmale> thou???  surprise  i tried calling my grapers but she didn't answer meh    *sadness*  playful 
going to sing with chamber soon at school board meeting   sooo tired   annoyed  i hope what i'm thinking isn't what you're thinking of doing   this is a cause for an alarm of warning     sad 
so you think you can dance dance dance finale on tonight!!!!  laugh dd decided to try out for the one act tomorrow  idk what's going to happen thought     o 0
tried out for the one act play today  list up tomorrow morning!  laugh  writing my french paper right now which is a rough draft for our first col<propfemale>ge credit paper   omgoodness  cast party tonight was cool  j'aime chanter pour tout <propfemale> monde! la la llaaalalal  hehehe 
got a crazy part in the one act  excited for the rehearsals to start on monday afternoon   laugh dd <propfirst>'s tonight yeah boi! lol  just finished with my christmas stuff giving it out on wednesday   
handing out christmas cards tomorrow!!!  smile  everyone should wear christmasey colors tomorrow to celebrate the spirit  spread the word  laugh dd
setting up my new ipod today     laugh  anybody wanna <propfemale> out this coming week? preferrably wednesday or monday???
at my cousin's house till tomorrow  then going to grapers!  laugh dd thursday= <propmale>'s partay  new picturess when i get home  byeee 
hanging out at <propfemale>'s house!  laugh  going home tomorrow 
<propfemale>'s computer was being retarded!!!!! grrr  had to switch in like two seconds  lol   smile 
"does anybody know who jeydon wales is???? if not, you are missing out  he's hott  lol  plus he's talented what more can you ask for? lip ring? oh he has that too  lol   laugh dd"
workin' on the advertisement for college gov  campaign party   yeah thank goodness it's almost over   smile 
"sitting here in my pjs, home alone and kind of freaked out  feel like there's a creeper outside creeping out  lol   smile  texting peoples   "
sitting here in my pjs  sensing a creeper outside my house but can't see anybody  hate that feeling!  annoyed 
frickin' pissed!  sad  i really wanted to go to the hockey game   i was sooo excited to go all day! then my mom said i couldn't drive on the icy roads    grrrr  i had a really good reason for wanting to go!
getting ready for thee dance at <propmale>! after the hockey anthem of course   smile 
hockey boys are cuteee       wink 
hockey guys are cuuttee   wink 
"got all conference award last night  it surprised me, we have sooo many amazing cast members     smile "
wooot woot goooooo vikings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! good game so far   those saints are a bunch of stinkin' cheaters though     one act and chamber tomorrow   smile 
half an hour till american idol!!!!  laugh  gotta finish my homework before then   otherwise it won't be done  hahah   wink 
"got a whole bunch of snoopy bandaids   hahah  got one on my finger   laugh  american idol and no homework  what an amazing night, don't cha think?"
"just found out i get to dress as a prostitute tomorrow night   jazz and broadway baby!!!  laugh  helped decorate today, feel accomplished  hahah   laugh "
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!  laugh   wastin' away the weekend watching the olympics  aww relaxing   smile 
"hanging out at sierra\s!!!!  laugh dd my day is the bomb a diggity   hahah   love you grapers forever and ever  love """
home sick todayy   this day shall not waste away however! for i am writing my school board critique for economics and my concert critique for concert choir   oh yeah    i should probably start that giangantanormus stock market project as well   goodness gracious   surprise 
"got my hair cut today (finally!) haha   can\t wait for thee concert tomorra!!!!! super excitedd   11 days till ncacda women's honor choir    goodness so little time it seems     surprise """
was hoping that wasn't the truth but alas i found the proof i was hoping didn't exist  now unfortunately i have to forget you and the flaw i cannot overlook   
leaving to go to my choir concert today!!!!   laugh dd can't wait to hear how people like the lituanian piece we're singing   you either hate it or love it   byee 
"for some reason i've been extremely addicted to <propmale> marley music for the past two days, it's all i wanna listen to  the lyrics just speak to me i guess    oh yeah solo  ensemble tomorrow!!!  laugh "
kinda sad right now  that boyyy is gonzo as far as i'm concerned   not worth my time  hahah  solo and ensemble went ok could have done better but can't dwell in the past right?  laugh  women's ncacda honor choir in 6 days!!! agh!  laugh 
"going to andrea\s today!!!!  laugh  super excited  using my time to work on my solo  ensemble piece for my all state audition  ncacda honor choir=5 days! agh    ;p"""
"new classes yeah boi! hahah   smile  french 3, accelerated english, concert choir, college biology, followed by an easy hour of <propfemale> with palmquist   had ncacda honor choir this weekend, it was funn   laugh "
i'm sooo excited to know more!!! agh  this is so true i really believe in fate right at this moment   smile  je suis très enthousiaste sur ce qui est à venir!
"\how many days are in your life's story? how many tears have you counted as you cried in my arms? will the day of reconnecting become a reality or stay a dream?\"" ow   my ribs   """
working on my creation myth for college bio  due tomorraw  eek   smile  omg <propfemale> and squid you guys were the biggest creepers today  where did you get the idea to ask for giagantic murals of yourselves on my wall!??? hahah i'm a painter not a musician    hhahah  funn times guyss 
"\can you be real? or are you always this perfectly fake? how about all the answers you hold that have opened my heart to you? can they all be that rehearsed that you actually believe them yourself? or am i the naive one to believe i was interesting enough to hold your interest? *felt like writing and this came out*"""
had my all state audition today! i think i did pretty dang well   smile  at jessica's! yeah boi   
about to take a quiz for college bio!!!!! eww  haha  i'm super excited about my grades and gpa   just saw them and now i'm super happy!  laugh 
"tomorrow boston trip starts! woo hoo!  smile  ily grapers!!!! hopefully we can get together monday when i get back   yeah boi!  wink  omg, just realized i can no longer count correctly, seeing as i thought i only had 9 hours till boston earlier  wow  that's reallyyy bad  hahah "
back from boston! still have my sunburn still not all the way gone  hahah  sooo much funn   laugh  pictures soon and stories  love yew grapers!  laugh dd
is currently pulling stuff from thin air to write this final paper for the evolution unit in college bio    omg  help me!!!! i hope this sounds like i know what i'm talking about   hahahah!  laugh 
agh! i was not going to prom    but now i am  two hours with <propfirst> and i guess i have no option except to go  hahah  gosh dang it   smile  ily grapers!!! oh yeah  sleeping at <propfirst>'s tonight with <propfemale> too!!! wooo party up in here! lol 
"if there was a ginormous dislike button for today, i would push it     annoyed  why are they doing this!??? agh  <propfemale> gonna call yew we need to talk   "
took my act this morning! it was good and it was like fate that i got the essay question i got too   smile  oh and just spent some time in the sun   whitewashin' a fence   smile 
"kinda bored   why is that!? hahah  grapers!!!! we need to <propfemale> out and play some \bingo\""   heheheh   wink """
"why won't my computer let me upload pictures from boston!??? agh  hahah, oh well  covered in whitewash paint, i love this feeling  the badge of honor of a job well done for a painter   smile "
pondering stuff today   lead to writing a new poem today   whoo! glee is on today!  laugh 
"i cannot  freakin  believe it!!!!! agh  i hope i can go, omg my life will be freakin' awe some if i do  cannot wait whoo!!! hahah   laugh dd"
"fell asleep again today   been nappin' a lot lately   annoyed  gonna go watch idol now,,,only for <propfirst> of course  hahah   laugh "
<propmale> out with the girls all night and most of today!  laugh  freakin' funny nightt playing halo 3 all night and meeting all those nice new guy friends  hahahah  funnn timess    
we got 4th at the state economics challenge today!!!  laugh  i don't know how i feel about you yet but i hope it's good     
wow this day has been tiring  fell asleep and then got woken upp to home phone calls  which is both good and bad seeing as i was supposed to be working on my college bio lab write-upp    oopsie!
i'm tireeeddd    whoo prom pictures are making me happyyy   smile 
i just really don't know what to do   grrr  you say do it and i say it'll end bad for me  again  freakin' nervous for what? idk even know if it'll make any difference  if i even matter  too many worries for me to deal with   agh!  playful 
"yummmmmm     heyyy anyone wanna lick of my ice creammmm cone? hhahha   wink \wow  <propfemale>! why do we always end up acting crazy and \wrong\"" when we talk!?? hah """
ya know i really am feelin' down in the dumps right now   i'm just really sad and tired of all this bull  i hate feelin' insecure and feelin' like i can't do anything correctly? seriously where the heck do i get off thinkin' i'm worth this attention? or these friends?  annoyed 
"boys are dumbbb   well at least the ones i knowww   playful \but i'm over it i have low e playful ectations on how they're gonna treat me so it's all gravy \ smile "
what do you do when everything you have ever wanted and lived for is now gone   gone in a moment   
"mkay  yesterday was craziness  8 job applications, hangin' out with grapers, home, firestorm with peeps   sleep  hahah  oh and i found out i'm starting my demo cd recording this summmerrrrr!!! wahoo!  laugh d"
haha that was really weird   it said i liked tornadoes on here  truth is i'm deathly afraid of those things   is this some sort of sick joke facebook???? lol  smile 
"tonight should beee funn   smile \bonfiree and stayin' at shannon'ss  whoo hoo! lol"
"whaaaa hoooooo!!!!\american idol part one finale and then gleeeeee!!! hahah lady gaga style yo   smile "
verryyy hard decisions to make for the coming year    grrrr  i feel like i'm gonna pick the wrong things and then regret it  a lot     playful 
"this day actually rocks even though it was bumpy \congrats to all ya'll in chamber     smile \i have a job interview for friday!!!!! booyah baby!  laugh dd"
omg!!!! this screws up everything! grrrr      why do all the morning classes for pseo have to run that long!??? they end right as i'm supposed to be back at school for choir!  annoyed 
"highway cleanup went really fast today! only half done cause it started to rain but finishing tomorrow   smile  then cookout wahoooooo!!!! lol  \p s  i finally conquered the evil known as rain   i kicked it's butt ninja style   smile "
"trying to sign up for dance classes this summer   hopefully i can do it!  smile \summer needs some spicing up yo! hah  lovers yew grapers!"
i think i really wanna talk to that guy that works across the street   hahah  oh and i'm bored   playful 
"went to the dentist this morning   (yuck!) made unum vox for this coming year kinda excited for that   smile \oh p s  i really wanna cut off all my hair right now it's annoying  do you agree <propmale>? ;p"
"whooo squid video up finally!  laugh  \i've gotta another job interview monday morning   2 of the 3! hopefully i get it   smile \gonna head to the library soon yay me  lol "
"finding all these people i went to elementary school with is sooo cool  lol   smile \ <propfemale> bullivant 's grad partay today  and   i'mma goin' to my pirates party  obviously   smile \oh and i'm makin her cd mix cause i'm oh so nice   lol "
leaving <propfemale> bullivant 's grad party i saw a whole bunch of baby ducks running all over the road  it was really cute so i drove really stinkin' slow so i didn't run over the cute things     smile 
"tried out for the musical \south pacific\"" last night with <propfemale> mordal and <propfemale> bullivant and it was funn!!! goin' to <propfirst> kimball 's tonight for girl's night!!!!  laugh dd"""
"omgoodness! i can't stop sneezing!!!! i hate my nose right noww   lol   playful \ <propfirst> kimball 's tonight!!!!!  laugh dd"
"sunnnnburned! lol \soooo   i was gonna go to a grad party today but   i slept too late  hahah   smile "
"was <propfemale> surprised yesterday    my dad called me   \and even more surprising he's coming to visit me next month  but to tell me where he thinks i should go to college and be in the military   this should be interesting   "
"at <propfemale> sorenson 's house!!!!\she's the bomb like tick tick    lol   laugh "
after this musical's done i'm gonna be colorin' and cuttin' my hair back to the way i feel comfortable   yeah  i'm excited  lol   smile 
"tired, and trampled on  hit on and yeah it's only 1 pm  whew \oh yeah    16 days till my birthday!!!  laugh "
"whooo!!!! omg today is an awesome day and by the end of the week it will be the best of thee summer so far!!! my clothes just arrived via ups so now i might wear it tonight!  laugh \clubbin' with <propfemale> bullivant , <propfemale> aho , and <propfirst> leipus tonight!!!! whoo plus others we are meeting there  800 some people watch out baby!  laugh dd"
"omg i'm still drained from last night  lol  i woke up and was like \dang   last night was crazy  funn but crazy \""  smile  3 hours then i'm off to the musical meeting  wonder what part i got!!!  laugh """
"i got chorus and gonna share stage manager duties!  smile \it is a musical comedy!!! the legend of sleepy hollow, was a funny read through  \performance dates: july 30th, 31st, and august 1st, then the friday, saturday and sunday of the next week as well "
"going to <propfemale> rivers house today!!!! yeah boi! lol   laugh \then while i'm there we are gonna go see eclipse and go swimmin'   \\just keep swimmin' just keep swimmin' just keep swimmin' swimmin' what do we do? we swim swim   \"" lol """
"new youtube video up!!!! check it out please!!! just uploaded it up an hour ago   smile \it's called \dire situations\""   enjoy """
"<propfemale> bezner 's house for two days was funn! here's a list of what we did: stirfry, park, cookout, zombieland (good movie), shutter island (disappointing), cake mania, 30 <propfemale> walk to which we got catcalled on, mtv, and paranormal activity! so yeah funn two days for sure  oh and musical rehearsal today!  laugh "
"3 daysssss! omg! i'm excited even though as of right now i'm home alone on my birthday    playful \anyone wanna rescue me? oh btw i have now been upgraded to a flirty red headed bar maid in the musical   this shall be a <propmale> challenge for me  lol  \oh and p s  i'm bored right now   texttt me?  wink "
<propfemale> bullivant has been kind enough to take me out on the night of my birthday (monday!!!)  we are heading to the movie despicable me in elk river  funn funn!  laugh 
"thanks again to everyone who said \happy birthday\""", you guys are sweet!  smile \c6c554ed496393c33f58ac99470bfcac,"so i'm dancing around my house   home alone!! whoo  party hardy! lol \movie later   "
<propfirst> is the best person in the world!!!!!!  smile 
"going to the night storm club tonight with <propfirst> leipus , <propfemale> logeland , <propfemale> aho , <propfirst> collins , <propfemale> scharber and some of <propfirst>'s work friends! gonna be a night full of partyin' lol   laugh "
omg last night was so freakin' awesome!! danced with some boys and kept their hands in line  lol  i really had funn with all my girls last night  we are for sure doing it again sometime soon!
"so you know what i find really annoying? when you are looking at clothing online, like victoria's secret, and stupid pop ups    pop  up  out of nowhere  seriously  lol \ oh and p s  my tie dye shirt looks amazing!!!  laugh "
i'm bored and wondering what i should wear for my senior pictures   smile 
"have only been awake for two hours now   goodness   sad \i have a really big urge for screamo music  right now so i'm indulging that urge! lol"
i just found my new favorite show    plain <propfemale>! omg it was sooo cute  plus she reminds me sorta of me with her inability with guys     wink 
"ended up at night storm again last night??? it's sorta a blur how i got there   lol   smile \i actually asked like 4 guys to dance too   i'm getting better???  laugh "
rockin' out to panic!atthedisco's pretty odd  album   just felt like listening to it   smile 
"listening to hollywood undead right noww peoples   smile \i'm scheduling my senior photos tomorrow!!! whoo \i just wanted to thank everyone who is supporting me and my dreams of singing! hopefully scheduling my studio recording time soon!  laugh dd exciteeeddddd!"
attention!!!!!! does anybody have a piano that i can borrow!!!!???? it's super duper important   lol well to me   smile 
"i think i should just wear humongous baggy clothes instead of shorts and a tank top   i seem to not be able to walk without causing one of the following annoyed a slowing of a car full of construction workers guys to honk or wave or say hi  the funniest was today when this guy almost drove off the road  hahah  i almost fell down i was laughing so hard! should have been watching the road not creeping in his rear view mirrors"
i'm so tired   drove to cambridge on 3 hours of sleep cause of stupid allergies keepin me up till 4  then found out they only had one of the two textbooks i need for classes there  so that means another trip  wonderful  p s  these allergies are kickin my butt!  sad 
"stupid!!!! my other college class teacher still hasn't figured out what textbook they wanna use   3 weeks till my class starts thank goodness   playful \can't wait to cut my hair, i've got too much of it to handle  lol!  laugh "
"yesssss!!! whoo my other college professor made up there mind about the music business management textbook they want to use finally! lol  gonna go pick it upp tomorrow   smile \ <propfemale> aho : just for you i'm listening to chevelle!  love "
"this pain is thee punishment of not taking the orthodontist seriously   grrr \p s  i think i'm falling apart  seriously   everything hurts and i can't breathe, or hear pretty much anything, coughing, not to mention i can't taste anything either  this stinks     sad "
"anybody else who did not rsvp for the b-dubs event tomorrow i assume you aren't coming!!!! let me know! thanks  <propmale> messer : still coming???\ <propfemale> rivers : bestie? are you working or are you still coming to hangout with your raisin?  smile "
"hahah  oh my goodness   i just read those answers in the 21 questions thing  talk about a source of entertainment, but some made me wonder who answered them  lol  some of them it suprised me how they had the wrong answer   and who the heck thinks i'm part of the mile high club? bwahah  ahha i'm still laughing     smile "
next time someone honks at me and it's a male driver inside i am gonna seriously jump in front of their car! see how many strangers they honk at then   heheheh   laugh 
can't wait to see yew today!!!!  love 
last night was super funn man! slept over there and took a late night walk around the streets     love 
can't wait to hangout with <propfemale> bullivant tomorrow afternoon! haven't seen her for awhile and she's leaving soon for college   i'm gonna miss her   sad 
i have never been through as much drama as i have gone through since signing up for pseo  haha  so much stress i feel like i'm in a soap opera   seriously  oh <propfirst> sorry it's only 3 days till you start classes but we are cancelling this class so you need to drive all the way here and do it all over again     playful 
"tomorrow: river tubing with the family to celebrate birthdays, sunday: school clothes shopping and hanging out with <propfemale>  it was too rainy to do frisbee today     sad "
"aghhh, starting classes today!  playful \actually as i speak i am signing into my online class   help  hahah  then my other class starts tonight so i'm heading to cambridge "
"omg i don't think i can do this!!!!\i just looked at both of my syllabuses for school and it's seriously scary   seriously!\who knew you could have that many speeches for one class???? hellllpppppppp mmmmmeee!!! x0"
"had fun hanging out with <propfemale> bullivant today! talked her into going to simonsen's to get her haircut  lol  it' looks really cute  laugh \p s  oreos are really good   lol  (grrr   the link thingamabob won't tag you my friend   )\ playful "
"no reason to try seriously cause everytime i do i get kicked in the gut   \p s  gonna put up a new song i wrote like 10 mins ago   check it out   annoyed "
this weekend should be super funn! saturday gonna be at the renaissance festival all day with my mom  then sunday i go to the unum vox retreat in cambridge   smile 
"renaissance festival tomorrow! gonna have some pictures let me tell you  lol \<propfemale> rivers: i promised you i would eat a drummy for ye and dress up in one costume for ye as well me fair maiden  lol  love you grapers!  love "
"got a kick out of being ran after by the cute pickle guy and his sign at the renaissance festival yesterday  i'll upload his picture later  lol   laugh \unum vox was super cool even though i have a horrible headache noww   super cool music!"
"attention phs students!!! we get another stinkin' day of summer y'all! construction has delayed school for everyone except link members and freshmen on september 7th   everyone else goes on thee 8th   laugh dd \cool huh???"
found out my link crew and fellow link partner  lol  it's weird that two of the 6 <propfirst> for my girls are disconnected? hmmm   gonna be a good year!  laugh dd
"dear link kids,\so sorry for having to have an awkward convo with you  i'm sorry i have just called you and said thee most awkward thing and we both have an uneasy silence  you know what ? sooo so sorry  \love,\your link leader this year "
my computer sucks butt  as we speak i'm using my mom's laptop to do my online class stuff cause my computer decided it didn't like the internet so it's now blocking the modem connection to get online   lovely  thanks every so much you big piece of     poop!!!!  playful 
"i gotsa a haircut yesterday  ah the joy of the haircut before you go back to school  lol   smile \p s  still have to use someone else's computer cause mine has rip!  playful \umd college visit september 21st!!!  laugh  excited "
"heading to senior campout soon  just eating dinner first, and then going to hangout a little bit with some friends   smile \school starts tomorrow  this is gonna be a bomb year, i can feel it  lol "
"what do you do when you know a guy likes you but you don't like him back??? story of my life   playful \or there's a really nice guy who is clearly flirting with you through your online class??? hahah agh  ;p"
can i just say that thee most simple things in life are super funn? like running around in the pouring rain and getting all soaked and muddy? super cool time  then dancing in the shower  hahah!  laugh 
"my link kids told me about a new music interest really popular with this freshman class this year   tech n9ne?\i looked it up on youtube while doing my online class homework and it's really quite good  lol   wink "
"had funn at the game last night!! tapin' up my room to start the painting this week, finallyy   playful \senior shirts tomorraw with the girls! can't wait mann \<propmale> out with <propfirst> leipus today     laugh "
so yeah i'm pretty sure i hate the quizzes for this class   i've never scored so poorly in my life!!! she doesn't word them correctly and has horrible spelling errors  what the ??? grr  misses  yew  love 
"so i'm tackling the mountain of homework i have due this week  lol  it's slowly being lowered to the ground level  lol \pepfest tomorrow and senior pictures this saturday!  laugh "
"yay me! homework i defeat you!!!!  laugh  lol  yess i'm weird deal with it \i lover yew baby!  love "
"r i p     i miss you already   sad \you are in a better place but it's still hard to handle  i will always love you and remember you were the first to hear me sing and encourage me to keep going \unfortunately i can't handle all the things i don't get to share with you   \-<propfirst>-"
"ugh, i got through these two days so that's an accomplishment  lol   smile "
"can i just say i like my profile picture? and you guys should check out the awesome picture <propfemale> wenzel took in my senior photo session   smile \that is all     playful "
sent in my college application friday  now three weeks to wait for the decision   laugh 
"wow i just found my a thing about my grandma on <propfemale> news online  it just makes me sad to think that the only thing the world will know about her is what day she died on    \ sad "
"dear <propmale> steele,\i'm truly sorry for slapping you in the face today   but i didn't really appreciate you prepositioning me with fake money (try real money next time)  hahah! oh and i hope you know i'm joking and you are forgiven  hopefully i am too?\truly,\<propfemale> molloy  smile \\p s  umd should totally get back to me on my college application soon  for real  lol "
"whoever invented homework should be found and destroyed, at least the person who came up with this stupid assignment     playful "
it really scary to fear for your life    and i don't apreciate it even more when i'm in my own front yard when it happens  seriously     sad 
"i got my acceptance letter today peeps!!!  laugh dd\cannot wait till next year!!! whoo!  laugh "
is righting an extreme wrong in my lifee  how could i have added the one guyy who totally shattered my world only two years prior??? yeah my mouse is hitting delete on you and your lies     playful 
tomorrow i'm hangin' out with <propfemale> bezner all day! going to go to class with her and then go to paranormal activity 2   eek! the things i talked into with my cousin  haha!  laugh  funn day for sure 
"going to a halloween party in like 2 hours   lol \still running on an hour and a half of sleep  had rehearsal today too \dear paranormal 2,\you let me down  again  sigh, but you were creepy the last 20 mins at least  but the screaming guy in the front row just made it all that more amusing  haha "
happy halloween everybody! so far i've read like 2 hours of homework and another half answering questions  the rest of the day i've been sleeping   ahhh good day  lol   smile 
"yummm   crab!  laugh \omg! opening tomorrow     eek! i'm so nervous, can't we have another week????"
dressing up for 4 act tomorrow  everyone should come!!!  laugh 
"doin' homework before the last 4 act show     sad \somewhat tired from being at perkins till like one in the morning "
"thee play is over! mixture of sadness and relief ya know? but i wish my brain knew it was over, i keep dreaming i'm on stage and someone says something to me to which i can't remember anything even my name    ugh scary o o"
"doingg homework right now and waiting for    glee!!!!  laugh \yay me!"
"going on a sneezing spree   lol  right now i think i'm on 38???\superr tired and get to order senior pics tomorrow morning!  laugh "
"dear car,\i totally hate you right noww  thanks so much for deciding to kill the heater the day it starts snowing and becomes really cold  for several hours i had to deal with no heat    \p s  boots you are also on the way to the garbage with your stupid holes and fridge like tendencies     playful \sincerely, <propfirst>"
"so i'm trying to write a descriptive paper and my hands won't type  stupid huh?\maybe it's cause i'm still recovering from the awesome scsu concert i went to today  \suprised my cousin <propfemale> bezner , cause she didn't know we were coming  suprise! lol   smile "
"been thinking really hard about getting a tattoo when i turn 18   oh and i really wanna go out dancing with my cousin  lol  she wants to take me to a drag bar, sweet huh?  laugh "
so the roads suck and i feel like i perish if they are driven on tonight  agh     playful 
"\sol fi <propfirst> si la   la si la <propfemale> ti   ti <propfemale> ti di re di re mi fa re ti la <propfirst>   sol <propfirst> fi <propfirst> <propfirst> do <propfirst> <propfirst> mi fa mi fa ti fa    \"" lol  it's a choir thing   laugh """
"choir concert tonight!!!! starts at 7 smile 0 pm\great night for some music eh? lol   smile "
"the choir concert was amazing if i do say so    lol  \anyone else agree?  smile "
heading to unum vox rehearsal tonight  wow this break has been amazing  probably the first time i could sit down and just relax with college and all these activities going on  but back to school tomorrow  ugh  lol   smile 
"so right now i'm asking myself why i waited till the last two weeks of my class to write my research paper   lol  maybe because i was so busy that i didn't have to breath maybe? haha   smile \oh and one act starts this week i believe wonderful!"
music is the hardest <propmale> it doesn't <propfemale> on a wall waiting to be stared at by passerby it's hours and hours being put into a work of <propmale> that realistically may only last a few moments but might last in our he<propmale>s forever if done right  it's <propmale>  speaking with your he<propmale> to the he<propmale>s of others 
"yay i cannot wait till one act starts next week, gonna be fun yessir   smile \oh except for the fact of sections is on thee day of my umd music audition   this could get interesting   "
anyone planning on attending the princeton ecmc  unum vox concert tonight it has been cancelled  if you bought tickets feel free to attend the cabridge one tomorrow night! thanks 
"i'm contemplating dying my hair again, and chopping almost all of it off   it's getting really annoying "
just heard some music by motion city soundtrack!!! i kinda like it  haha   smile 
"attention friends annoyed anyone who wants to go sledding this weekend we are going to cambridge park to sled, build snowmen, and all the other fun snow activities  just let me know and i can give you more information!  laugh "
you know you're tired when you start referring to yourself as he     laugh 
"i'm soooo excited to go sledding tomorrow!!!  laugh   love \the ride out there should be funn with him in the car lol "
"snowy funn yesterday that's for sure   smile \attention annoyed one act rehearsal tomorrow 3 smile 0-6 surprise 0 p m  spread the word "
"gooooooo vikingsss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! agh!\i'm in a writing mood today   hmmm  maybe i'll during our two hour delay "
"dear everyone,\have a very <propfemale> christmas tomorrow!  smile "
"hey if anybody has time please go check out my new photos in \photgraphic memories\"" and let me know what you think  thanks! oh and feel free to take a gander at my notes if you so feel inclined to read my music lyrics  <propfemale> christmas!!  laugh """
\cause you're my object of affection," my drug of choice  my sick obsession \""\"c6c554ed496393c33f58ac99470bfcac,"hangin' out with <propfemale> rivers after spending the day with my cousin <propfemale> bezner!  laugh \back to <propfemale> out with her tomorrow!  love "
"new classes started this week, and one week till all conference meet! get pumped up  lol   smile "
hanging out with <propfemale> bullivant  just played scrabble and traveled down memory <propfirst>   smile 
"i am now officially 3 chapters behind in my pseo reading   fantastic   playful \conference meet saturday, gettin' up at like 4 though, blahh "
just chillin' and relaxing since my foot is delaying my forward motion for the time being  hopefully he got it wrong and it's just sprained! please   smile  lol 
"i like to think life is good most of the time  however, right now life is trying to tell me i suck  now on top of a broken foot, i have to battle fevers and sneezing and fatigue too? well crap "
"had my audition yesterday at umd!!!!!!  laugh \it went super well if i do say so   all of the judges were amazingly sweet   smile "
so i really wish i was at school today (scary i know   !) but the car wouldn't start so i'm stuck at home working on college stuff for next year  so good and bad   smile 
"i just barely passed my first anthro quiz  omgoodness <propmale>! <- (<propfemale> rivers, that was for you) haha  that was hard seriously   i believe this statement could be office worthy here  maybe glee will cheer me up from my near fail?  smile "
"i'm on a cleaning binge right now  going through everything to bring stuff to goodwill  went to \the roommate\"" last night with <propfemale> bergman  superr funn man   laugh """
it feels weird to have a free sunday night   not normal  lol  figured out what prom dress i want though   smile 
"i hate when someone comes back from your past and tries to mess up your future   it sucks!  playful \oh and p s  i've been smiling for like two days straight now     love   smile "
"so i've been trying to keep myself busy all day by spackling my bedroom and painting it with no windows open  lol  probably not a good idea     smile \agh   one week? seriously? i'm gonna be boreddd "
"i think i might die of boredom this tri  seriously haha   smile \guess it's time to find a job to fill up my free time then "
wahooo! party of one at my house for the next 5 days   when i'm not cowering in fear of the axe murderer or homeless guy outside my window   lol  if you don't get this there's a reason for that   laugh 
"ok   so these past few weeks have been interesting  i got crushed by a guy, then wrote a song about it, went dancing twice, got extremely confused, chased an escaped horse, stayed home alone for 5 days, and had a choir concert  how am i still sane? lol   smile "
so   it's saturday and i don't have anything to do  wow that's a first lol  maybe i'll finish my college homework so i don't have to do it tomorrow   smile 
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, kentucky usa little girl, 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey    car, license plate: quebec 72b 381  canada  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you  if it were your child    what would you want people to do the same"
"omg i have wayy too much to do today and not enough time to get it done   awesome   playful \oh but i did get $90 shoes for $9 bucks today so that made my day  lol   smile "
