57774c4264e37981eb74804b8d180b2d
work @ 5 yay for me     
too damn hot out     
payday today to bad most of it's gone b4 it's even in my hands       work @3
yeah whitesnake!!!!
well holy crap i have a <propfemale> tree in my backyard and i didn't even know it       i think i need to go into my backyard more often lol
tried to watch an old episode of <propmale> & bullwinkle               definatly not the same as when i was a kid      *sigh*
off of work for 5 days     what the hell am i going to do???
off to steamers to go celebrate 7yrs  of fabulousness with my wonderful g f come join us if your out and about  smile 
happy 4th everyone     having a get together after the fireworks if your interested  smile 
last day if mini vaca        i had a lot of fun over the past 5 days that i didn't even miss work like i usually do    
back to work @ 5 after having 5 wonderful days off with my favorite person  smile 
got the day off today    going to steamers later if you wanna get ahold of me xo
off to steamers
man i can sleep       just woke up      have the day off woohoo
been stuck in wii land for the past few days sorry  playful 
never own a wii             it sucks the life out of you      all i can think about is stupid metroid prime    
just waking up       work @ 5 boo on that      i can't wait for next saturday when i will have 9 days off  smile 
sooo      i wasn't supposed to work today but i got called in to work @ 6      eh well     sat  starts my 9 day vacation and there will be no one calling me in for that muwhahaha!!!!!!!
i am done with work for 9 whole days     leave in the morning to go camping till tues 
so yeah i have no idea what to do and i still have 4 1 2 more days to do this       man vacation is nice lol
"kinda sad for the crappy weather the last couple days of my vacation, but sittin at home is kinda nice too  smile "
so excited that this is the last day of my vacation and then tomarrow i am back to work         oh god     does this mean i'm a workaholic?????
what a first day back to work after vacation          annoyed 
hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go     
yay for having the day off !!!
i'm glad i have the da off today
sadly i came in 2nd to a newbie but it's ok we had fun doing it  playful 
i am finally awake and i'm friggin starving      time to go scrounge up something to eat lol
man i've been a sleeping machine lately         i think it's the weather   
ugh i hate not feeling good  sad 
why is it when you start becoming an adult you go to bed earlier and wake up earlier        i miss the days where i could sleep till 2 pm      though apple toaster strudels  are friggin awesome for breakfast instead of snacks
yay to not having to work today!!!
wow what a totally uneventfull day     just how i like it  smile       and i just have to say that nacho cheese combos are the whip
can't wait till friday      we are having a party for <propfemale>'s bday if you would like to join the celebration    get ahold of me if you would like to come  smile 
sad that i dont fell well enough to be able to go out with <propfemale> tonite  sad 
work @ 5     got tomarrow off (yay me) got a lot of crap to do for the party and hopefully i will be able to fit in a tattoo (yay me again)
got tomarrow off     i have a ton of running to do b4 the party     gotta get a pinata    run to midland to get a friggin door for my car     have to do a lil grocery shopping and hopefully somewhere in between there i get to go get my tattoo!!!!!! i really hope to see ya @ the party     festivities will start around 10ish in the pm for all you lil worker bees out there  smile 
would anyone like to volunter to have a ninja <propfemale> stuck in their arm so my tattoo guy can see what it looks like?????????
sadly i have to wait till tomarrow to get my tattoo     but on the bright side the party should be awesome tonite and i can't wait to have a drunken swing at the pinata  smile 
party turned out pretty awesome    it was really good seeing some old friends and nothing got broken        thanx guys xoxo
i friggin love this tattoo!!!!! it's awesome that it's mine!!!!
just got back from the haunted house in st  <propfirst>       just have to say that the did an awesome job on the sceney and the drunk bridge was a blast   smile 
just wakin up     gonna shower then go get some grub from <propfirst>'s      mmmmmm <propfirst>'s
man i can't believe i slept as hard as i did     it was 12 smile 0 and i still didn't wanna get up had to force myself outta bed     grrr
so i think i may have done to many quizzes cuz they keep giving me the list in spanish      lol
i am sooooo glad to be out of work and that i have tomarrow off what a friggin day       and why do people think they always get free stuff     i don't get it      i don't go into your place of business and e playful ect everything for free   
yay to having the day off and my new gamefly game came in the mail today  smile 
"todays payday *yay* to bad i didn't keep the car       now i'm hungry, bored and very very stuck       hmmmmm wish i woulda thought this through better @ 8 this morning lol"
it seems that everytime i get on facebook today i am hungry        i think i have a small obsession with food lol
as soon as i get my <propfirst> johns i will be able to start the day lol
first some laundry then quite possibly a horror movie marathon seeing as it is almost halloween and all  playful 
work was hectic but i got a pocket full of tootsie rolls and i'm finally home so i'm good now lol
i hate being sick hopefully i feel ok to be abk annoyed e to work @ 10         
was having really bad stomach issuses so i went to the er        turns out they think i may have an ulcer *yay me*       heck with the way i eat though it was only a matter of time      lol
sittin at home by myself    
i'm in top form again today can't wait till i can go to work and pick on my employees     it's 1 of my fav pastimes  smile 
got the day off today     the dishes are calling my name and it will please <propfemale> if i actually do them    lol
outta work and i have tomarrow off who knows what i'm gonna get into  playful 
getting ready to watch the new <propfemale> trek       and yes i am excited to watch it  playful 
couldn't fall back asleep after taking <propfemale> to work        now i actually have a lil bit of time to wake up till i have to wrok  playful 
had a pretty good nite at work gotta be back at 10 am
gettin ready to go see ninja assassin       *yeah sucka*  playful 
i have the next 2 days off       i wonder what i'm gonna end up doing
couldn't sleep so i'm just gonna stay up gotta work at 10 anyways *grumbles*
trying to keep myself from going into winter mode        playful 
got the day off         waiting for <propfemale> to get home from work than it's dinner at my moms
"yay snow *grumbles* just waiting around till i gotta work, <propfemale>'s making lunch *yum*"
got a lil shopping done       i am now wondering if good ol' ebenezer had something goin     lol     now i'm home and it's time for some video game time  smile 
thinking about adding to my tattoo     
home from work     got the next 2 days off *yay me*     <propfemale>'s spa party thingy is tomarrow     should be fun  playful 
man i wish i could sleep in like this everyday  playful  my bed felt so very nice
does anyone remember the claymation christmas special?? it was friggin awesome and had the california rasins in it
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
so     i worked my ass off this week     my car died on me today      &i'm not out partying with my friends like my young adult self should be      my new years resolution this year is to have an awesome new years <propfemale> next year     smile  on the up side i am with my awesomely fantastic family in my nice safe house in my p j's  playful  man i'm such a hermit lol       
just 1 more day of friggin work then i can have 2 whole days off  smile      to all my co-workers that i have on facebook i warn you now i refuse to come in lol sorry but i need it
i'm not random i'm just    omg do you like tacos?
i wish i could sleep like this everyday        and i still didn't even wanna get outta my bed
does anyone know what weekend snow fest in frankenmuth is going to be on this year???
why is it i can never find anything to eat when i'm hungry??
"not looking forward to all the packing      already have like 20 boxes packed, but it doesn't even look like we packed anything      hrmmm i think that means we have to much crap lol"
home from work (man it was going so well) had a good dinner with mom now i think it might be nap time  playful 
i think i slept waaaaaay to long      *yawns*
done with work till wed        just had some awesome spagetti at moms house *thanx mom  smile *
"went to see avatar      all i have to say is \simply amazing\""        definatly worth watching in 3-d"""
had awesome sits at the circus last nite      we could almost touch the elephants lol
*does a lil happy does* yay i'm etting a ps3 for my bday  laugh 
going out saturday nite for my bday      if you wanna join us get ahold of me or <propfemale> for details  smile 
*yay* no work till tuesday!!!!
going out tonite for my bday      get ahold of me if you wanna come out with us smile 
<propmale>'s for dinner @ 8 then probably to grand central to go see my friend <propmale>'s band play (there is a $2 cover) after that who knows     hope to see ya tonite  smile 
"ok sorry scratch dinner, but we will be @ grand central at 9ish xoxo"
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes  smile  sorry i'm a lil late i've been stuck in video game world for the last week
cant seem to get myself away from my ps3     i think i may have a problem
"yay for day off      have to peel myself away from video games to go to a hockey game tonite, then maybe the bar         man i don't know if i'll be able to handle real human contact lol"
had to feed the fish and pet b4 i went out for the nite lol i think i may have a problem
man what a really really really long day at work        
man facebook is a really really good way to waste time lol
hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go             all i can say is i can't wait for 5 to come around  playful 
just getting home from work     p j's are already on and it relax mode in      5      4    3    2    1      ahhh  smile 
just hmmmm
playin god of war 3 for the nite  smile 
finally outta work     got the next 2 days off     god of war 3 will be occupying most of those 48 hours   laugh 
just gettin home from work     not to much goin on
i took a picture of all my gold in farm ville and sent it to one of those cash for gold places   i haven't heard back from them 
i stepped on a cornflake today! so am i a cereal killer now?
wonders do midgets have short tempers?
follow your dreams  except for that one where you fly  that one never ends well 
"says if you pushed your own naked clone off the top of a tall building, would it be: a) murder? b) suicide? or c) simply making an obscene clone fall?"
where do bubbles go when they pop?
"found the end of the rainbow, there was no pot of gold, only an empty keg and some crayons"
is thinking that selling sea shells by the sea shore is probably a somewhat misguided business venture
"isn't sure whether humpty dumpty fell or was really pushed, but firmly believes that the 3 blind mice had something to do with it"
"the blond couldn't figure out the tiger puzzle so she called her boyfriend when he came over he said \ lets put the frosted flakes back in the box okay\"""""
<=============== o m g look its my name
says it's a bit evil when they put midget porn on the top shelf
shits-n-giggles are o k  but giggling shits are not
off to work so the millions on welfare that depend on me can get there check
man it's nice out     glad i'm outta work already now it's time to go enjoy the day  smile 
i think i may be facebooked out   lol
hope everyone is haveing a fantastical easter  smile 
people say money can't buy happiness  they lie  money can buy a jet-ski  you ever see anyone unhappy on a jet-ski? well?
"no sir, we can not provide donkeys for that purpose "
"its odd the way everyone automatically assumes that the goo in soap dispensers is soap? i like to fill mine with mustard, just to teach people a lesson in trust "
did you ever fart so hard you cracked your back?
   wonders if woodpeckers get headaches? 
boredom <propmale> #5 make a kite out of empty cans and stuffs that wont fly and then go to busy park and get people to try to help you fly it 
is wondering if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
so yeah        work at 5      should be alright  playful         ummm think i'm gonna play video games till then        yup
"two bums eating out of a trash bin outside a circumcision clinic, 1 turns to the other & says \ what you make of these crispy onion rings?\"""""
"we, the unwilling, lead by the unknowing, do the impossible, for the benefit of the ungrateful"
finally out of work      got tomarrow off      do i have plans        mmmm probably not        get ahold of me  smile 
"if you hate someone, why not try to walk a mile in their shoes    i promise it will help things, because you'll be mile away from them and you have their shoes"
is doin important things rite now like spinnin round in my chair tryin to make myself sick
hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - fear of long words  anyone else see the irony there?
each generation complains about the next   its so stupid because  they never stop to realize they are the ones who raised us!!!
ok so i think i can no longer think for myself so i've been letting status shuffle do the work for me lol
says if life gives you melons   you have dyslexia
ok last 1 for now  playful 
is wondering if the reason rice krispies start making noise when you pour milk on them is because they are drowning 
thinks it's kinda sad when xbox starts to advertise through family guy      
due to sleepyness im off to bed before head hits the keyboard and you think im typing gobbledegook to you  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz x        <~~~~~~ had to use it for the simple fact that it used the word gobbledegook lol nite nite
             i think i slept to long            
saw two lesbian's walking down the street with their hands down each others pants     i think they where lipreading!! <~~~~ sorry if ur offended but i read this and laughed my ass off so i had to share
home from work       hmmmmm what to do        
is able to go to 80's fest on saturday after all  smile 
nite nite fellow facebookers
sooooo full       now its time for haircut smile  hopefully i'll get done before i go to work at 2
finally outta work       showered (so fresh and so clean)        now i am  ready to take on the nite       can't wait till saturday wooooo
yeah sweater vest & polo combo *two thumbs up*
has a bad case of vacatoinitist- definition - vacation starts tomaarrow and i have to work at 4 today *grumbles*
finally home to start my vacation  smile  had a busy day at work though              80's fest tomarrow should be awesome        yup
"friends are like potatoes, if you eat them, they die  so don't eat your friends!!"
just woke up after having a fantabulous time at the 80's fest  bar with all my homies!!!! love you guys xoxo
know what's scarier than squirrels? ninja squirrels! and even scarier than that? zombie squirrels! run away!!!
"question   you are driving a bus from ny to nc   3 people get off,3 people get on the bus then pulls into bus depot  what was the name of the bus driver?"
"my favorite rapper is dr seuss  who else can rhyme \cat\"" with \""hat\"" and \""green eggs and ham\"" with \""sam i am \"" that man's a genius"""
ok done with facebook for now     think i'm gonna go play video games now         yay vacation lol
i shower naked   how naughty am i? lol
just kinda hanging around the house may take <propfemale> to the park later       hust maybe though  playful 
"sometimes i ride my bike without a helmet   oooh oooh and i color outside the lines, im just a rebel at heart!!"
getting ready to eat     then its off to owosso for a few days
in owosso still        gonna cook out and just <propfemale> out at crystals mom's house for the day  smile 
coming home today         i really wanna come home today      lol      is it sad that i've been gone for 2 days and i miss my home already  playful 
"have you ever seen people dressed up as three different colored crayons run by yelling, \we're free! we're free!\"" and an empty crayons box chasing after them?"""
yay to being home finally  smile 
wondering what to do with yet another day off??????         is it time to go to work yet???
*yawns* mornin everyone  smile 
"i try to always be positive, except on medical tests "
is super focused   on procrastinating
last day before i go back to work       at least it will give me something to do  smile  lol
"wonders:  if you eat smarties and dum dum's at the same time, does it even out?"
went for a mile run yesterday           stupid ice cream man just kept driving even though i was waving my money in the air!
"refuses to talk to naked clowns, they're just not funny"
"\shits-n-giggles are o k  but giggling shits are not\"""""
what do u get if batman and <propfirst> get smashed by a steamroller? flat-man and ribbon 
"attempted to 'dance like no one was watching', but someone happened to be watching, and mistook my dancing for a seizure and called an ambulance "
"back to work at 5 today after having the last week off       it was nice, then i got bored     now i'm ready to go back to have something to do       sad huh lol  smile "
toodles for now fellow facebookers  smile  hope u enjoy the rest of ur day
yay for being home from work      what a nice easy nite to just ease myself back into things after vacation  smile 
home from work      got the next 2 days off now       hmmmmm
is wondering what it would be like to be a penguin      
says you know you are getting old when you come home from work at 5pm and put your pj's on and get ready for bed without your mother telling you to      lol
so            would you say your stairs go up or down?
"how come when you open a can of evaporated milk, it's still there?"
"wonders, if you worked at one of the cadbury factories putting fudge bars into boxes, what would you tell people you did for a living?"
is tired com  thinking about visiting sleep org
word of the day! shananigator: (n) a person who instigates shananigans
"if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, vehicles make you drive drunk, spoons make people fat, and matches cause arson "
hmmmm      
"facebook is like a fridge, you keep on opening and closing it just to see if there is something new, but there never is "
"tried to make a small music playlist         tell me why after i was done going through my music i have 11 hours worth of music for this \small\"" playlist"""
                            i think i shoulda stayed in bed longer *yawns*
is currently unsupervised   yeah i know   it scares me too!  lol
kinda excited about talks of a trip to amsterdam this year may actually be possible smile 
"man i'm kinda bored, but feeling to lazy to really do anything about it        shoulda got more sleep"
<propfemale> dum dum
"have you ever noticed that sno-cones come in every flavor but lemon?  apparently, we take that not eating yellow snow thing very seriously "
glad to be home from work  smile  yay me!!
ummmmmmm i apoligize for the post about the optical illusion       if u got 1 do not click it!!!!! i did and looked what happened grrrrrrr  sorry again
man what friggin nite at work         
is as tired as a 2 dollar whore on dollar off tuesdays 
i just hate it when i wake up in the morning and don't feel like p diddy annoyed 
takin <propfemale> to her moms house and dropping her off for few days      hmmmmm       it's gonna be a loooooonnnng week     
happy's mothers day to all the great mom's out there!!!!! hope u are having a wonderful day  smile 
im bored      
yay crystals home  laugh 
getting ready to watch daybreakers       hope it's decent
movie was decent a bit cheesy but good none the less  laugh 
quick ! put your left hand over your right shoulder; and your right hand over your left shoulder! that was a quick hug from me  love 
"if you think you are special, then by all means, get you a foam helmet and wait for the short bus   yay!!!!!!"
be-lives pizza is a formidable weapon against the forces of darkness 
is having a special kinda day!!!!! yay!!!!! hope i get crayons to play with  laugh 
"is officially vetoing my facebook apps      i'm bored with them     i will keep them up and running so u can have a neighbor,but i'm sorry to all my neighbors that need gifts or something for their stuff       u may write a formal written request for something and it shall be considered and then process       thank you for your participation  smile "
<propmale>!!!!!!                                                                                                               (come on now you know you want to answer)
petition #1- <propfemale> robinson has requested cupcakes via petville  yay if cupcakes should be sent or nah if not       voting commences now and will stay open for next 30 <propfemale>  thank you for your participation   smile 
petition #2- <propfemale> guerrero has requested white oysters via fishvillie  yay if white oysters should be sent or nah if not         voting commences now and will stay open for the next 30 <propfemale>  thank you for your participation   smile 
ok      so      when i posted the veto thing about my apps  i was joking about the written consent thing  my lovely g f decided to actually ask for something and so with that said i am a woman of my word  hence the vote thing      it might be fun who knows    it might get me interested again lol    but i figured i should make some basic rules cuz i do work and stuff    
"rule #1: i will only accept requests for games and apps  that i already have  i will not be joing anymore apps  unless further notice  so, please no neighbor requests  (please stand by for list of played apps )"
"******list of apps ******\farmville\petville\fishville\big city life\pot farm\fantasy kingdom\farkle 2\mafia wars\cafe world\lords online\yoville\fish world\happy pets\garden life\ninja wars\zoo world\hotel city\tiki resort\treasure isle\family feud"
now u can see why i'm burned out      lol       i'm sure there are a few more that i'm missing      if there is and i happen to be your friend for said app     if u would like to particpate please send in request and it will be considered for further consideration
well honestly that is about the only rule       i will start posting people's request if u wanna play         than play        if not oh well lol      just tryin something to kill the boredom of facebook  smile 
ok so today is short     gotta go to work    but i will play fair and only open polls at times that there are more than just a few people online    i will make sure to keep track and who know maybe i'll just feel nice and just send the gift anyways     good luck  smile 
  laughs inappropriately at all the right times 
"i have made up my mind, and i am determined, that today will be a great day"
"went for a horse ride today   horse wouldn't stop, just kept going out of control   luckily the store clerk unplugged it before i fell off!"
"we can dance if we want to, we can leave your friends behind  cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance, well they're no friends of mine  "
life is like gum  at first it taste sweet  but then it leaves a nasty taste in your mouth  then you throw it away and get a new one 
it's a tough job   but somebody's gotta lead the freak parade 
if you are driving and swerve to miss a tree-and then notice it's just your air freshener hanging from your mirror-you shouldn't be driving!
"has finally been diagnosed   she has a serious condition known as \awesomeness\"" but don't worry non of you can get it because its not contagious!"""
"okay so there's this thing called sleep and i hear its really awesome,   so i'm gonna go try it out and see how it works! night all xoxo"
payday is only the illusion of having money for a couple of hours  then it's payday for everyone i owe money to 
"sometimes i ride my bike without a helmet   oooh oooh and i color outside the lines, im just a rebel at heart!!"
thinking beach on saturday     just maybe
wishes i worked in a bubble wrap factory 
"says if a word were misspelled in the dictionary, how would we know?"
nite everyone!!! work in the am than have the next 3 days off  laugh 
i would just like to say that i really hate pizza today    
im free!!!
mmmmmm i love peanut butter & jelly sandwiches      thay make me happy  smile 
thinks today is the day  smile 
how much happier would you be if you saw a duck moon-walking?
yay sun  smile 
note: singing in the shower is dangerous    you know why? cause singing leads to dancing   
finally awake      morning everyone  smile 
life is like gummy bears they live a nice life until someone bites off their head 
just another exciting day in the world of pizza
glad i have a lot of energy cuz the world of pizza is slammin today  playful 
finally relaxing after a crazy day at work        glad it went by fast though cuz now i have the next 3 days off
"i just discovered the phrase   lol  looks like a drowning stick man! so every time you say lol, just remember you are killing a stick man  i bet he isn't laughing"
haha i beat u rain and got my lawn mowed b4 u came!! how ya feel about that sucka  playful 
gummy bears are just grizzlies without teeth 
what an unbreathable thick day        
so for anyone that knows how i am with sports this next statement will shock and amaze u     but i am actually watching the u s a vs  england world cup game
finally relaxing after getting home from work  smile 
is closing her eyes so you can't find her 
work at 5 tonite hoping tonite fly's     if it's as slow as the past 2 days i may shoot myself lol jk      but seriously if ur cravin pizza come see me at the lil caeser's on gennessee off of mich  *muah*
"was reading the paper today about a dwalf that had been pickpocketed,how  can someone stoop so low"
don't argue with a nut  you might be attacked by a squirrel 
1st half down 2nd half to go      
work tonite   than it's just 2 days of hanging out and hopefully enjoying my new pool  smile 
finally got to facebook after work  playful  yay for having the next 2 days off  smile 
so yup this me being awake way early in the am on facebook  smile 
"mom & <propfemale> are leaving for lansing soon     i'm gonna miss them, but i will also be enjoying the pool and the strange quietness the house has when ur alone xo"
thinking about sittin in the pool     
pool was refreshing  smile  now what to do     
im hoping the rain stays away now    cuz i was looking forward to jumping in my pool after work     if u wanna join me      u know how to find me  smile 
just another day in the neighborhood  smile 
mmmmm    i love <propfirst>'s food~it makes me happy  smile 
is having a pretty fantastical day this far  smile 
im thinking that steamers may be in my future after i get outta work      would anyone like to join me & <propfemale>??
in all my drunkeness i'd like to wish juntia a happy b-day and i hope ur hung-over for ur 8 o' clock shift love ya xoxooxoxoxo
had a pretty fantasical nite last nite  smile  i kinda forgot what it was like to get outta the house and be social with me friends     thanx guys xoxoxo    
so      there may be talk of a pool party  bbq @ my house on saturday         if u think this might  be a good idea let me know  smile 
bbqing today ur more than welcome to stop by if you want    just give me a call or post something here  playful 
mmmm i love the smell of charcol burning in the afternoon  smile  beer time soon  playful 
man what a day at work     thankfully our a c works pretty decent      now i'm home chillin in the basement  playful 
most definatly thinking steamers tonite!! anyone care to join?
i can hear steamers callin my name  playful 
beer 2      where u at???????
done with work      now i think some sonic in my belly sounds fantastical  smile 
yup     
"i choose you, pickachu!!!!"
"doesn't understand why some people are so petty that they <propfemale> on to their childish, adolescent behavior even into adulthood "
i hate it being so muggie out        wish that i could just sit in the pool rather then having to clean it    work at 5 thank god we have decent a c  playful 
had an awesome time at the detroit zoo yesterday with my amazing g f  smile 
having a yard sale  this weekend at my moms house     if you need stuff you should come check it out
you really dont know how much stuff you have till you try to sell it to other people      
i wanna be done working now       *sigh* to bad i still have 2 1 2 hours left of my 14 hour shift
says go with staple guns! because duct tape doesn't make the awesome 'kachunk' noise 
got the day off         what to do what to do hmmmmm
"<propfemale>              <propfemale>           <propfemale>  <propfemale>  <propfemale> <propfemale> waaa <propfemale>  \ ______ \\____\\o ____shark attack!"
i just giggled when i read this 1         when i was younger i would make funny faces in the mirror  now that i'm older the mirror is getting even! i hate that mirror!!!
"<propfemale> <propfemale> in the sky, made a poopy in my eye  me no frown, me no cry  me just happy cows can't fly ! smile "
so friggin bored @ work        would someone like to come entertain me?? lol
ha ha ha   wait   what?
sooo excited that i dont have to be back to work till tues !!!! get ahold me if u wanna <propfemale> out  playful 
"when in doubt, step back, prepare to run, and poke it with a stick"
i would just like to say that i am sooo proud of my amazing gf for starting school again      today was her 1st day back and she seems like she is in her element     more power to her  smile  hell someone has to take care of me lol
omg pizza               annoyed 
"what's black and white, black and white and black and white? \a penguin rolling down a hill    \\what's black and white laughing?\the penguin that pushed her"
"if you draw a blank, what exactly does it look like?"
"for those that think nothing is impossible, i ask, have you ever nailed jello to a tree?"
i'm awake and i feel like i should still be sleeping      what gives    
holy crap when they say media circus they don't friggin lie        had them all here at the house and it was crazy     here and gone in a hour
mmmmmm bean soup
blah         that is all thank you and goodnite
yay im outta work!!!         hmmmm now what to do??
unwritten rule of the day: don't make eye contact while eating a banana!
"things to do at walmart #14-\stare at random people until they do double takes, then say, with a straight face, \i got new socks  wanna see?\"""""
don't laugh in the bathroom because it will make people think that your playing with yourself  
yay! i have the next 3 days off      haunted house tomarrow & maybe drinks with <propfirst> tonite  playful 
"quick, pick a color from 1 to 10!  ok lemme guess, ummmm   uuummmmm, ok was it triangle?"
had an awesome time last nite @ the haunted house that we went to    then ate some awesome food & drank some good beer     so all in all it was a good nite  smile 
i am sooooo friggin full      made an awesome spaghetti dinner  smile  yay me lol
i was fighting the sickness so well     then i got slapped hard in the face with it this morning        now all i wanna do is lay in my bed & whine about being sick      
"<<<that's me!\or is it\i might just be me in disguise but if it was me in disguise then i would be me, wouldn't i?"
"just thought a thought, but the thought i thought wasn't the thought i thought i thought!"
fooooooooood!!!!!
outta work @ 3     then it's off to pontiac for a haunted house adventure  playful 
had an awesome time @ the haunted house       it was definatly an e playful erience getting buried alive  playful 
so i ask myself       why am i up already??
      i like dots      do you like dots    ? dots are very      <propfemale>     
i know what your thinking  your thinking of what an orange panda looks like in a bikini with a head band playing the drums  no??? you weren't???  well now you are  playful 
wonders if rhinos are just obese unicorns?
"rawr    people say it means i love you in dinosaur, but, i think it means back off or ill eat you   "
never try to baptise a cat 
whose up for some rock & bowl tonite???
ok    so i may have spent to much $$ at the halloween store      which means <propfemale> said we can't afford rock & bowl now        *grumble grumble*
right meow!!!
i'm a multi-tasking procrastinator    i can put many things off at once!
"i hate hate hate you 1st of the month  just b c you get a free check at the beginning of the month, that doesn't make it right to treat any1 like your better than them  remember as soon as ur done blowing your $$ on pizza & cigarettes i will still continue to get checks through out the month "
life is short    especially if you are only five feet tall 
go ahead burst my bubble   i can make more
"thinks it would be fun to to go to walmart, get a football helmet, snorkel and a foam noodle, hop on a toddler bike, and joust! who's with me?"
is wondering if you could breathe through your butt like a turtle would you suffocate when you sat down?
oh famous daves     why must u make food so delicious that i have to eat till i'm so full i'm about to burst    
is kinda lost!  sshhhhh      all i can tell you is      i'm behind a tree and i'm on the shoulders of a small green elf 
are you ok? i heard you were riding a horse yesterday and fell off and almost got killed!  luckily the walmart worker was there to unplug it!
yup      
i reckon     
mmmmmhmmmmm
i am thankful for my family & friends    and making it home safe from the 45 <propfemale>  drive nap after meal #1     just in time for meal #2
wonders if i can put thanksgiving meal # 2 in a blender and drink it like a shake       
"*twitch,gurgle,gurgle,twitchh*        <--- that's me still drowning in food       *gurgle twitch*"
kinda wish i didn't have to work today      but that shall pass once the nite is over  playful 
difference between a drunk person and stoned person when at a stop sign? a drunk person will run through it and a stoned person will wait for it to turn green!
"if you fall, i will pick you up    as soon as i'm done laughing  smile "
it's always an awkward moment when you are standing around in your superhero costume waiting for crime to happen  
sometimes i like to talk into the fan just to hear my robot voice!!
"ninja health tip of the day:                          exercise is important, but jogging is for wimps  plenty of excercise can be had leaping from the bushes and kicking joggers in the head "
mmmmmm chicken noodle soup & tuna melts  smile 
why yes   i am the brightest crayon in the box 
               
remember kids   skinny girls freeze to death faster!
i love having sarcastic conversations with people who think i'm serious!!
<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family  smile  i hope everyone's day is full of christmas cheer xo
i'm a little teapot short and stout here is my handle and here is my   other handle   holy crap i'm a sugar bowl!! why didn't anyone ever tell me!!!
's friends are those kind of people who can turn even the most innocent of statements into something dirty 
"if you rape a prostitute, is it in fact rape? or just shoplifting?? just saying   "
ninja: someone born with epic awesomeness!
"if i'm ever on life support, pull the plug and plug it back in  see if that works "
the other day someone called me normal - i told them to take that back before someone made fun of me 
*stomps foot* i don't wanna be sick on my 2 days off  sad 
"what do pirates and pimps have in common?\they both say \yo ho!\"" and walk with a limp!"""
if my nose would just stop running like a leaky faucet i would be throughly excited
so     work @ 4     all i wanna do is sleep even though i slept for a good 20 hrs  already      i'm hungry & every1 is at work    so i have to fend for myself  sad       god i hate being sick    it makes me more whiny then i already am lol
wonders how she ever survived without dvr       i don't think i've watched regularly scheduled t v  since i've got it lol
"i took my medicine, ate, & cleaned myself up      see i can take care of myself if needed  smile "
you see i prefer not to wear my helmet on the short bus  for it limits my window licking abilities!
"what do you see when the pilsbury dough boy bends over??\          \doughnuts  smile "
and i'm up why???
"home again, home again, jiggity jig  smile "
have you ever noticed how facebook is like prison? you sit around wasting time & writing on walls while being poked by people you haven't met   
"no, i did not trip, i attacked the floor with my awesome ninja skills"
mmmm grape soda how i love thee
werewolf vs  vampire   winner is: ninja!
gamer mode commence in     3       2         1
"i went outside once    the graphics were alright, but the gameplay sucked "
come on 5 o' clock      
*shakes head* man i can't seem to wake up
napkins used after eating hot wings and then shoved in you pocket should never be used as toilet paper no matter how much you've had to drink 
blah blah blah
waa <propfemale>          wanana            da-na       smile 
friggin car * grumble grumble*
<propfemale> dum dum
doesn't care about flame-retardent marshmallows
"woman finds her hubby in bed with a female midget! furious, she screams 'you promised you wouldn't cheat again!' husband says 'can't you see i've cut down?!'"
is it a bad thing that i am bored with life?????
clearly i'm cleverly disguised as a responsible adult 
"nursing home residents today listen to classical and <propfirst> cash, my generation will be blaring disturbed and eminem   "
"if bars don't sell to drunk people, why does mcdonald's sell to fat people?"
raise ur hand if you like being lame *raises hand*
go ahead burst my bubble   i can make more
"hears \pop  pop  pop  \"" then giggles because she likes bubble wrap"""
"if i had a wedgie and no arms, would you help me pick it out?"
"tickling is such a weird thing  you hate it, but you laugh "
huh? i didn't hear you  i was to busy being awesome
the best thing about this status is by the time you realize it's completely worthless it's to late for you to stop reading it 
thinks life would be far more interesting with background music 
"have you ever thought of something really cool to say, but once you said it you realized it sounded way cooler in your head? yeah, i have been there "
"i have something to say                \purple crayons do not taste like grapes\"" """
"when you're flying up river in your birdhouse n the antenna falls off, how many cups of sugar does it take to get to jupiter?  none silly, worms don't eat nails"
if stupid people didn't exist who would we laugh at?
"dear snow, you're like the person from across the bar that was really attractive   but after spending some time with you, you're totally inconveniencing my life"
i think i slept to long        shoulda got outta bed an hour ago  playful 
"i have a riddle: if you're going down a river at 2 mph and your canoe loses a wheel, how much pancake mix would you need to re-shingle your roof?"
yay i'm home  smile  time for shower & movie time
"<propfirst> hood was a thief, <propfirst> gets high off of mushrooms, snow white lived with 7 men, sleeping beauty always slept in, and our parents wonder why we are bad!"
wonders how bad they would miss me if i just didn't go to work      
"better watch out! because, when the all the short people attack you, you won't even see them coming!  playful "
"if it walks like a duck, and talks like a duck, then it could be a dragon doing a duck impersonation "
in my p j's         bring it on o' mighty blizzard  smile 
wow       i actually get a snow day from work        i'm amazed that the world isn't demanding pizza   
well my vacation is off to a good start      i didn't wake up till 1  smile 
"world domination! i'm going to take over the world with evil gummy bears, ninja penguins,and robotic gnomes wink  wanna join??"
thinkin i may go check out the price for my tatoo  smile   smile 
it's set      tomarrow @ 6     my skin gets more ink  smile 
man i have way to many hours until 6
mmmmmm can't wait for chicken & dumplings for dinner mmmmmmm
soooooo full       
"i went to the bookstore to buy a 'where's <propmale>' book, but couldn't find one anywhere   well played, <propmale>   well played, indeed "
thank you everyone for my  morning birthday wishes  smile  now i get to start my day by going to sit @ the secretary of state *yay go me* lol
thanx everyone for my afternoon birthday wishes  smile  & thanx <propfirst> for hoping that my dmv wait was short     i was actually in & out in like 10 min smile  lol      now what to do for the rest of my day????
"when life hands you lemons, just be glad it wasn't herpes "
"so, you think you're tough? let's see you open a box of <propmale> and cheese using the \press here\"" tab  then i'll be impressed!"""
<propfemale> dum dum
ok   so tell me   if tomatoes are fruits  then why is there a tomato in veggie-tales?  isn't that lying to kids?
"so let me get this straight   kelsey grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone, <propfirst> <propmale> can be on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone, 53% of americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses  yet, same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? re-post if you find this ridiculous "
work @ 4 till 10     have the next 2 days off after that      <propfemale> doesn't get home till thursday          im soooo friggin bored       and there is no on to enter<propfemale>in me      <propfemale> dum dum
yay i'm done with work & i have a full belly      now i have to decide if it's nap time or not
"i don't care how old you are, the only safe way to guarantee the monster under the bed doesn't grab you is to use the run and jump method "
tip of the day   don't be a douche!!
"st  <propfirst>'s day: the wearin' of the green, the drinkin' of the green and the next day    lookin' pretty green!"
"spider pig,spider pig,does whatever a spider pig does,can she swing,from a web,no she can't she's a pig look ooouuuttt!!!she is a spider pig!!"
when the road of life gets rough you can either complain about it or laugh at the way your fat jiggles!  smile 
it's all fun and games until you know there's <propfemale> involved    then it get serious!
does it really even matter??
"when you think you have it rough, just remember   at least you're not being rectally probed by aliens "
why oh why am i awake this early in the morning??????
"so i decided to crank up my stereo with a blank tape, the next thing i knew, the mime next door was going crazy!"
"wonders, if a pig e playful loded would it smell like bacon?"
"do you like dinosaurs? i love dinosaurs  i think that;if a dinosaur lived today, it would like waffles  i love circles  do you like circles? waffles are circles"
wondering if you're wondering the same thing i'm wondering   
would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really was all fun and games up to that point?
"if money fell in the toilet after you used it, would you get it out?"
hickeys are just trailer park bar codes 
