cce581577ed09731bf719d88170ae22a
is looking forward to driving home   joyful 
"to anyone l had as a friend on myspace, l have deleted you there because l will only be using it to keep in touch with people that arent here on facebook, lm making this my main contact site "
"yeah birthday's really do suck when people don't remember what day it is, and at least try to be respectful of the sacredness of the day  but thank you to all the people who wished me a happy birthday!  joyful "
lady cap'n alameda huddleston therkildsen said do not accept a friend request from <propfirst> butterfield  he is a hacker  tell everyone on your list because if 1 of your friends adds him as a friend he will be able to get your computer's id and address  so let everyone know- copy & paste
"hey everybody!  smile  just wanted to let you know that i don't have a computer of my own right now, so i very rarely get a <propmale> to get on facebook!  sad  so, sorry if you have been trying to talk to me and i haven't answered    most of the activity you see on my <propfemale> (farmville stuff) is actually my mom taking care of my farm for me, so she doesn't answer mail or accept friend requests for me   "
happy new year!
"'nude' is a color, right?"
"okay peeps!!! word is    it's the weekend and we're switchin' things up a bit    time to post into your status how many and what kind of pets animals you currently have    and, if you can, change your profile pic to one of your pet(s)  i don't have my pic up yet, but i have one lab mix doggie and her name is <propfemale>!!!  laugh "
"farmville peeps    i still need plenty of stuff for my horse stable, all pieces still need anywhere from 5 more to 9 more  smile "
"my horse stable is only half finished!  sad  i need harnesses most of all, and some bricks, and two horseshoes    i can take care of the boards and nails with the momma's accounts  ;p if you still want need boards and or nails, please post it right here (as a comment) so that i can check it before the next time i send out gifts, okay? thanks!!!  laugh "
"thank you, <propfemale>!!! i very much appreciate the horseshoe!!!  laugh  for anyone who can actually see this    lol    i still need one horseshoe, four bricks & five harnesses    the momma is taking care of the boards and nails for me!  laugh  please post a comment here and tell me what you need, otherwise i might not be able to find remember what you want next time i send gifts   annoyed "
harnesses    please???
"thank you, <propfemale>!!!  smile "
harnesses    four    please
"thank you, <propfemale>!  laugh "
"if you play farmville and don't have me on your neighbor list, please send me a neighbor request! i only need two more neighbors to get the last e playful ansion!!  laugh  thank you!  smile "
"thank you to <propmale> & <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>!! i just need one more friend (who already plays farmville, not trying to bug those of you who don't  laugh  ) to either accept my neighbor request or send me one please!!!  smile  thank you!  laugh "
hey guys! if you still need boards and or nails for your horse stable in farmville    would you please post a comment right here and let me know how many of each that you still need? thanks!  laugh 
hey neighbors! i only have one more day and i need three more people to help with my barn shed e playful ansion     please go to my profile <propfemale> and scroll down to wednesday and click to help    thank you!!!  laugh 
"hi <propfemale>'s friends    this is her mom, <propfemale>  just a reminder that, if you see activity on <propfemale>'s <propfemale> (especially farmville stuff), there's a good <propmale> it's not actually <propfemale>   sad  sorry  she was on here earlier today, but only for a very short time and i know she was having problems loading <propfemale>s  so, <propfemale> in there, i'm sure that she will catch up with you just as soon as she can!!  laugh  thanks   smile "
is moving back to california soon 
i danced with my sister riding a motorcycle because i'm not crazy! rofl ( joyful )
"well anyone on here should go to serpo org and read atleast the first 4 articles under the info releases tab, and then reply please  thanks  joyful  l'd like to know what you think "
   time sucks   
will be back in fresno tomorrow night 
"please put this on your status if you know, or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
i love spring time  sigh  joyful 
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear    while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a man stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence   "
"is dancing a victory dance! \i got my backstreet boys concert ticket and money all in the same day! woot woot!\"" ( joyful )"""
"here in my bed l lie, looking up at the starry starry sky    and wondering where in the hell is my ceiling!"
"it's all <propfemale> with puffy white clouds down here in fresno!  joyful  with the mountains looking beautiful in the distance, with all the purdy snow on them! hehehe"
"okay   i'll bite     how many of us really know all the people on our friends list? here's a task for you  i would like of thepeople on my list to post how they met me  after all you have completed this, repost to your status box  you'll be amazed at how cool this can really be 24 hours from now    seriously, leave a comment please   joyful "
"gave blood today, for the first and last time   sad "
is happy   joyful 
"oh! l forgot to say yesterday! l found out l'm a+ on my blood type, so it's not rare  l don't have to feel guilty for not being able to give blood!  joyful "
"i know summer only just really started, but, l wish it was winter     sad  l really miss my job! i need to be back in my cat!"
" laugh  i had an awesome day yesterday! l found an old friend l hadn't seen in like 2 years, and found out that he has a kid! i get to meet little xander tomorrow, and his fiancé <propfemale>   joyful  l'm an auntie, lol l just can't believe it! i'm sure some of you guys remember <propfirst> hillhouse right?"
yesterday was awesome! a 650 mile roadtrip in one day with friends is the best!  joyful 
"wow \l was not impressed with that movie  avatar: the last airbender did not live up to the series   crying "
2 and a half hours until my concert!  joyful  go backstreet boys! whoohoo! lol l can't wait!!!  laugh 
1 hour!!! gahhh! lol its driving me nuts! their in there warming up right now! l want to be in there! >ï<
"ok l wish l knew what was going on, it says 7 smile 0 on the ticket but its now 8 and the concert still hasnt started  > annoyed "
here we go!!!  ï
"ï  hmmm now lm happy, l got to see my boys! lol \\nthat concert was awesome!!! wooooohooooo!  laugh "
"i'm going to be happy for awhile now!  joyful  that was an awesome concert! hehehe maybe l'll follow them around the country for the summer  lol\hmmmm happy thoughts     (= joyful  smile "
"lol how odd, it's normally my lunchtime right about now in the winter, and guess what lol l'm eating dinner!  joyful "
"bangs her head against the wall \make them be nice! the voices aren't playing fair!\""  crying """
"had an awesome weekend! it was so beautiful up in the mountains! l wish l could have stayed \it's just too bad some jackass had to hit my car on saturday  crying  i'm just glad they only caused cosmetic damage "
lol! avatar the last airbender the anime series was the #1 watched article on the netflix instant queue for the last week! so maybe m  night did bad enough to get people interested in watching the series lol  joyful 
time to go take a shower and then go drive in the heat    lol errand time!
gahh! thats what l get for talking to hot guys  surprise  l locked my keys in the car    hooray for little brothers with a spare key! thank you <propmale> wiitala!  joyful  lol
going to be hanging out with <propfirst> baker today  joyful  i'm looking forward to it!
"is sitting by a campfire on the beach, watching the moonlight dance on the waves  ï"
"is off to mammoth again tonight! so if l missed getting to spend time with some of you guys here in fresno maybe sometime this fall if l make it back this way we can set up a time to <propfemale> out   joyful  or just make a trip out there to see me sometime in the winter! l'd love to get some visitors this time around, l had a few those 2 other years, but l want more of you guys to see the beautiful place l live in!"
"good morning mammoth! its so nice being back over here!  laugh \\nmammoth, l have missed you "
"i learned how to crochet! its fun, and much faster than knitting    l already have a new beanie to wear!  joyful "
"is very sad  grandma is gone        \\ crying  the funeral was    hmmm l guess its yesterday now \\the only good thing about all this, is that l know that now she is no longer in any pain and that she is with her father, and happy "
hahahaha! thats cool! did you know that <propfirst> the babtist and samson had dreadlocks?
"hehehe i got a <propmale> sleeping bag for 3 25  awesome!\i'm just sad that train is playing in mammoth tomorrow but the tix cost to much, so i'll just have to listen from a distance "
5:10pm just look at that white!  §  the 4th pic l just posted goes with this post
snuggie buggiessssss lmao  playful 
"\help! i can't tell where i am  it's dark and i can hear laughing \""  joyful  lol"""
lol last night was off the hook!!!  joyful  l'd do that again in a heartbeat! <propfemale> girl! you are awesome and it was an honor to lose to the champ!!! lol
is about to leave to go have dinner with a j  ayala  joyful 
ahhh!! it got in my mouth!!
mammoth lakes  the most beautiful place on earth!  joyful 
just walked 10 <propmale> with a j  ayala  joyful  l feel great!
uggg  that was a huge meal! maybe l shouldnt have cooked so much  lol  joyful 
"it's snowing outside!l'm so happy!  joyful  lol and its only september 8th, this is awesome! lol"
"it will keep snowing, l just know it   joyful  lol"
yosemite was beautiful yesterday!  joyful  so much fun!
 joyful  thank you guys for all the birthday wishs!  laugh 
"today was fun with a trip to bishop,  joyful  l got yarn for crocheting beanies, and throwing knives for learning how to throw "
"tonight's walk with a j  ayala was nice, l'm glad l can do it again \l always feel better and tired afterwards but in a good way   joyful "
hot tubs ~ joyful ~ hehe
rain is awesome 
still raining     joyful 
it snowed!!!!!!!  joyful 
"lol a 12 hour round trip to mammoth and back to fresno  joyful  l'd say that was fast lol <propfemale> hicks wiitala, <propfemale> wiitala and <propmale> wiitala came and got me"
today is going to be a long day  sigh~
"lol 10 hours later and my day is only half over,  troubled  time to start driving in a box "
"home as of an hour or so ago!  §  all safe, not a bad trip  just really long and slloooooowww                     >§< lol"
"hmmmmm yummm! it smells soooooo good in here, a j  ayala is making me breakfast! hehe scrambled eggs with cheese and onion, with tortillas on the side      joyful *"
11 1 2 hours of sleep lol  joyful  l guess thats what l get for pushing myself so hard 
 joyful  my place is coming along nicely 
"maybe it's not <propfirst>'s song, it's mine    "
"well this sucks, the whole street is dead "
it's snowing!!!!!  §
it's snowing hard!!!  laugh  this is awesome!!!! hehehe
soooo awesome!!!!  joyful  l just got the outline of my tattoo as a late birthday present this evening 
i really wish <propmale> would call and tell me that lm going to start working soon  troubled  we've gotten soooo much snow in the last 2 days 
"happy happy happy  joyful  hehehehe l get to go back to work tomorrow night!!!! lm sooooooo excited!!!!\time to go shopping  laugh "
"wow  i'm tired   troubled  talk about a first day back lol l clocked in at 12:23am and out at 1 surprise 4pm \but i'm sooo glad to be back  joyful  l did miss it "
hehehehe  joyful 
"happy to have a couple of days off, l love my job, but l still need me time "
we will never be anything but loud and nitty gritty dirty little freaks  lol
running from the storm  lol with a cat in my lap 
it's eating my mountain!!!
my new phone number is 5592132066  hit me up with a text please 
to be caressed by snowflakes is such a beautiful feeling   laugh 
"yeah i was sad cuz i missed last year, but this storm alone has made up for it and it is still going!!!  smile  this is soooo awesome lol "
" joyful  freakin awesome lol the top of 12 and 14 has soooo much snow, that's some of the most fun i've had yet this season  i love pushing snow its alot of fun "
"the fucking world needs to leave me alone between 2pm and 11pm i'm fucking sleeping, just cuz you think everyone else is sleeping when you are doesn't mean they do "
"come one, come all! it's time to go riding at mammoth mountain! the snow is great!!!!  joyful "
<propfemale> christmas to all!  joyful 
"a beautiful bluebird day!  joyful  i enjoyed last night for the most part, but falling asleep is not acceptable! (<propmale> »_«)"
i hopefully won't get the hellcat again tonight if they fixed it  i really don't think 66 is doing good  »_«
die snowman!
"lol 89°f in my cat, no wonder i'm so hot!"
"we just might reach the 300\ <propfirst> by the new year if it keeps snowing like this  mwahaha did you guys know that we have the most snow in the world right now?  joyful """
so many stars  joyful  hmmm     beautiful 
sick lol i've taught <propfemale> how to fetch!  mwahaha so when i throw this mouse toy i got her yesterday she chases it lol and practically drags it back to me! like she'll have to drop it and pick it up again in a different spot just to get it back to me   joyful  she always drops it within a like 3ft radius 
artichokes and avocados added to thai <propfemale> flavor miso soup is really really good!
400's are freakin sick!!!
"relaxing at home listening to the radio, some interesting stuff about the poles shifting, reading an old book and having some yummy yums  joyful  it's nice to have a quiet day "
why do i miss him so?
"life is interesting stuff \one minute your on cloud nine the next in hell, you look upon a beautiful vista and smell a skunk, hear about a man shot to death in new york then you see a man beating someone  what would you have done? the world is in a state of content motion, it waits not  to have loved and lost is the true blessing, to be blind to love is the true crime "
      must go to the library and study  sigh       i wish it didn't have to be like this but i guess it's my own dam fault  (and yes i spelt it that way on purpose )
"is listening to \bad romance\"" by lady gaga  joyful  i soooo love this song!"""
"i love my boss  \<propmale> is the most awesome boss in the world!!! hehehe  joyful "
fun  joyful  it may be my day off but my boss called me yesterday to ask me if i wanted to come help with a music video by driving one of the snowcats  so i get to go in at 6 surprise 0 am  easy money 
"even if it means i have to take the bus to work, i really hope we get some more snow soon it's getting ugly around here  ;p"
old 40s band music while driving a snowcat through a snow storm
ot oh yes
"long very fun day of work, then gettin <propfemale> shoot a 22 while chillin whit some of da crew   joyful  lol time <propfemale>get me <propfemale> bed "
pineapple
"snow snow snow snow snow        lol  joyful  it just keeps on snowing! lol if this keeps up there just might not be a summer, only winter year round "
well she's almost done  joyful  a sweet deal for the color  lol now what to get next lol jk
hard boiled eggs and sour cream  yummym!
i love my life   joyful 
"if knowledge is power, why am i so free with it and helpful?"
why do my ears start ringing when i've been concentrating on anything in my head?
"eat your hearts out  $11 50 = rango (with <propfirst> depp  love ), med popcorn and dr  pepper (no ice)  tee minus 7 minutes   joyful  a good start to my friday before work "
"taxes being done while i sit here having breakfast   joyful  the petite pantry, a very cool and friendly place to go  oh so much better than h&r block   surprise "
it smells like spring  i just might have to come down again next week 
*cross' fingers* sent my taxes out today                *                                     how long do these things take? ' annoyed 
"i miss grandma  i was just making dinner, i realised it smelled like mornings at grandma's and that she must have cook her eggs in bacon grease     like i said i miss her "
"someone called me a goddess yesterday    *glow*(= joyful  smile *glow*  beauty is truly in the eye of the beholder, for i have also been called homely at one point in my life  teehee"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=rejrjg2gpk7uch9oukfq\\ _frsthgl"
"you have received a multimedia message - you received a media mail from {trimmed_sender} click to view  http annoyed  mediamail boostmobile com share do?invite=ieyrjd2hpk7ena2auhsl\\ _frsthgl"
truly  what is love? and why does life have to be so complicated?
"cook your bacon  then start the top ramin add 2 eggs and seasoning packet, cook  add bacon pieces and a dolep of sour cream, stir and enjoy "
woot woot!!!!!!  joyful !  joyful  ! joyful ! im moving in the morning!!!!!!
"2 smile 5 and i still haven't even finished my coffee, that's how many holes i've been digging  43°f the snow is mush that's why, this sucks, at least ice is workable and fixable  »_«"
