b7bdff057833d2e907e70896cb6734b1
"happy new year everyone   thought i would also pass along that <propfirst> did not start his new year off very well   he is okay, but is in the hospital getting iv fluids for dehydration   grandma is doing okay   i am on way to stay with her until <propfirst> gets home "
life is a circle        at birth we are cared for  we are wrapped in warm fuzzy blankets  we are watched with a cautious eye  we are told what to do  in the blink of an eye      the roles are changed  now we are caring for those who cared for us  we wrap them in warm fuzzy blankets  we watch them with a cautious eye  we tell them what to do  if we are lucky life will always be a circle 
i get to see kiss live in concert at key arena next sunday!!
going from a full house of 6 down to 3 in a matter of 24 hrs sucks
i ate too much      ugh   it was good though
"well, even though kids move out you still get calls that the toilet is plugged   nothing like going to bellingham at 7pm to unplug a toilet on a satuday night   hope every one is having more enjoyment on a saturday night "
"just got home from taking my 89 yr old grandma christmas shopping   had so much fun   yes, she can attempt to take off in her wheel chair   we covered good ground today   my arms hurt from all her bags &  packages   just hope that i will be able to do this again next year "
it's snowing!!
i am bored out of my mind!!  nothing to do except the computer and its getting old 
back to work today  sad 
"need cows both brown and whatever, no green please"
nothing like having a good old fashion slumber party with your grandma!
"if you have a best friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults copy and paste this to your status!!"
"it's sunday, home alone, talked to 2 of my cousins that i have not talked to in a long time, <propfirst> is improving, grandma is doing good   grandma called and told me to take a day off so i am cleaning my house while rocking out to kiss   something that i learned last night, loosing touch with family sucks   family memories are the best thing to talk about that can put a smile on your face "
"yeah, our next door neighbor is finally taking down his christmast lights and yard decorations down   and people call me a redneck "
yeah!!  the saints won!!
battery dead   won''t hold a charge   beautiful day coming up   this sucks 
"my car has been the repair shop for 3 days   when <propmale> & i went to pick it up, of course i had questions   when i asked the questions do yo thing the guy would look at me and answer?  nope, looked right at <propmale> and answered   it pissed me off that he would not answer me!  he wouldn't even tell me yesterday how everything was going, he said he would tell my husband   what? do i not know anything?"
what a fun day today at work   bet no one would ever think someone would say that 
the worse thing that can happen to a wife is to lose your husband inside cabela's   a large store like that needs to provide wives with husband traking devices   at least i got an hour of exercise of wondering around searching him out   had such a fun time friday & saturday!
"at 6 surprise 0 pm the sun was out, then 7 surprise 0 clouds came in, at 7:20 snow, now heavy rain & wind     what the heck?  this sucks"
"<propfemale> haa    got my motorcycle running, washed and waxed!! now it just needs to be 10 degrees warmer outside"
had an awesome trip to seattle with my daughter today!  thanks for the fun today britty!
"a good day is:  flower beds weeded, house clean, motorcycle up and running and a nice ride all by yourself and i am still alive      now i am not going to sell my bike quite yet                   "
our actions of the past should not define who we are today   our actions of today should help to define who we want to become   learn from mistakes and move on!
"just once, can't the weather forecast be right!  so much for trying to mow the lawn today "
"had a awesome day!  worked 1 2 a day, bought flowers, mowed the lawn, planted flowers, did laundry, took our doggie to the beach and went swimming then went to dinner with <propfemale> (just the 2 of us) and sat in the bar at <propmale>'s and had a good time!!  didn't get home until 9 smile 0 "
there is one less <propfemale> in whatcom county  sad 
no more dumb blonde jokes for me!  i did a drastic change today 
"home dealing with a broken hot water tank while <propmale> is at the phonix intl speedway attending a nascar race            sad  but i am determined to fix this myself   <propfemale> in there kids, will have a hot shower soon  smile "
"let it snow, let it snow!!  yeah!!  yes i am crazy   nothing new to a lot of you "
"as of today i no longer can say i have teenagers   now i have to say my kids are in their early 20's   damn, i am feeling old today    sad "
happiness is    when your motorcycle fires right up after sitting all winter and your leathers still fit!!  was a great day for ride     a little cold but nice 
thank god its my friday today!!
