a6995bf1961c9e9ea90db4eb840c23f4
"my internet hasn't been working for like a month! d8 though, i've been reading a lot more and have a sizable amount of income now   hmm   "
wishes skype would work better where she's at   and that it weren't 109 degrees   sad 
my laptop is broken  8(
"has a working computer now!  no internet, sure!  but boy howdy, is it sure a start!"
i am in new mexico   everyone is selling chili peppers 
i am in texas   every radio station is routinely telling me i am going to hell  8(
"was trapped a whole week in <propfemale> town with no internet studying holistic medicine!  really intense, really awesome and there were like a ton of cute baby cows"
has been srsly busy lately   sorry if it seems like i'm ignoring any cool peeps such as you fellas  8(
"i no longer play fishville   it was slowly destroying my soul, and i am sorry if you are wondering why i have not regifted you with a scubaduck or whatever by now "
"does anyone else have a problem clicking hotlinks on facebook?  it never sends me off to the correct, normal url, it just messes with it by adding a bunch of %%%%s and makes it impossible to remove them all "
"men,\woman, gentleman, ladies, and lumberjacks: thank you so much for the happy\birthday wishes!  laugh  they all really made my day! seriously, thank you\guys so much!"
"defeated job background check\new job obtained\500 e playful  obtained\learned skill \work with adorable children\"""""
"i am currently looking for a artist to commission a company logo   it'd be about twenty bucks for a fairly simple one, and i'm not looking for anything absolutely intensely perfecly proffessional   if you're interested please just send me some samples of your work and i'll see if your style is what i'm looking for   laugh "
my sister's school showed a screening of the movie 2012 to her and her classmates without informing any of their parents   she's in the fifth grade   wtf?
"strawberry cat is now complete!  i'd like to thank the super cool lady <propfirst> j  labog for making the iconic logo that is sure to endear the cat themed vegan recipes to the mass market!  it's gonna rock this town, gonna paint it strawberry red"
i am not 12 years old  :i
ffxiv's release date has been announced   september 2010   i am happy 
i have never been more thankful for air conditioning in my entire life 
"did anyone accidentally happen to click the ffxiv beta <propfemale> six months ago, sign up, post all their computer specs, get in, and then realize they had no one to give their invite to?  because i can help you   please   pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease "
who's up for a rousing game of alien swarm?!  it is free on steam
this is the best salad in the entire world   every single one of you is missing out on something magical by not eating it this very second 
"it turns out i'm allergic to the dressing in the best salad ever   my will to live has dropped several points on the 1 to 100 scale, let me tell you "
"i finally read we3 and oh my god, everything about it was amazing, and crushing, and perfect   i can't stop crying "
"i entered eight contests for the ffxiv beta, and had nine different accounts (with different ip addresses for each) but still didn't get a code   i am doooooooomed "
"finished mockingjay   can a book with that many people\e playful loding be considered appropriate reading for the ya market?\\that aside, it's a wonderful series that gives you an interesting\perspective of war, propaganda, politics, and how we glorify and\dismiss violence like total jerks   a++++ highly recommended   would\read again if i did not almost throw up once or twice "
"i am finally started watching <propmale> <propfirst>'s heroman again \\and it is beautiful "
haha~!!  i have overcome my slight health abnormality and have become as strong as ten mere mortal ariels!!
someone brought their adorable fluffy dog to class   i got to pet a dog for three hours   it was the best class i've ever taken in my entire life 
ugggghhh!  how long am i going to keep getting sick for?! d:
outer inner ear infection slowly retreating!  i feel a million times better than i ever have!!
"i woke up yesterday to the dogs i'm dog-sitting trying to rip my cat apart   she was on the ground, on her back, and they were biting her as she completely freaked out   but apart from being shocked, she was amazingly almost completely unharmed   why?  because my own dog was fighting the four dogs attacking her, and literally pulling them back off of her   scooter, you're the coolest <propfemale> dog ever "
there should be a video game where solid snake makes peace with robotic technology by teaming up with daft punk to impress <propfemale> for her 11th birthday 
"it kind of feels like a lot of things are e playful loding right now   like, geez, man   a lot went down today "
"i got a cool job working at a high class gym where every machine has a tv built into it   it's crazy, guys "
the moment i realized i was not good at handling stress was the exact moment i was sitting in the middle of the <propmale> hoping i would get eaten by coyotes 
eight pounds of mandarins for four dollars at orchards!  if you live there go go go!
i pity the fool who can not enjoy a delicious spinach salad such as this 
