af7a31b594036aee0f6fd3a43ee922cc
had a lovely new year's <propfemale>
just slept for like 15 hours
is truly terrible at bowling  annoyed 
is getting over it  who needs him anyway?
fuck him
has very strange dreams
wish me luck!
epic chocolate chip cookie fail
hooray for finding long lost friends!
is totally upset  century cinemas is really gay
home!!!
is soooo happy!  love 
"is sooo happy  love  second interview, yay!"
= dead x_x
 love  kool-aid
soooo much meat
= very sad
r i p 
is cleaning out her closet
8 hours later   
= happy  laugh 
is carving pumpkins tonight!
ugh pancake fail    stupid flour   
 love  pumpkin ice cream
"yay for being cut off from civilization all day! please text, i'm going to go crazy if you don't "
"best day ever! love my \job\"""""
off to work! yay
tv is psychic
tiiiired
needs to cleeeeaaaan
babysitting my girl  love 
doesn't wanna go to work again  sad 
make me not sick! d:
 love  cookies
wants her stuff back  indecision 
needs glasses  crying 
joy to the world
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!  love "
to <propfemale>!
got a new tattoo!
is 20!
it's true what they say
spluuuuurging
x_x
is seriously dying over here  sad 
what the hell?
peeling   gross
is utterly bewildered
 love  puppies!
"is in pain, people"
today is sure to be fantastic (can anyone read sarcasm?)
is awesome  love 
hates ants!
new mexico tomorrow!
is living it up in nm! be back in ca in a few days
is in tulare county
is back in nm! job interview tomorrow at 9 smile 0 in the morning!
got the job!
has orientation on tuesday!
is in ca again!
being sick sucks  especially when you can't go to the doctor 
"i've tasted rainbows before, motherfucker!"
i hate mondays!
"it's a small, small world"
work sucks balls  i hate wal mart >:^(
babies make you exhausted  and hungry
it's not a good day
"\your wait time is less than 10 minutes \"" so why have i been on the phone for 20!?"""
happy thanksgiving everyone! it's time for us all to overeat with family again
#18463  you're a huge nerd but i love you anyway!
#13467 you're an odd one but i love you and i'm lucky to have such a great guy as part of my family 
#7777777 you're such a sweetheart and an incredible person  i hope you continue to do well for yourself
"#1889 you were one of the coolest people i knew in high school! we even had the same birthday haha  even though we can't really see each other anymore, i'm glad we can still keep in touch on facebook lol  i'm so glad you're doing well  i'm super jealous you get to live in hawaii though"
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
omg nerf guns are the single most awesome toys ever!
omg this is the craziest night ever! me and <propfemale> <propmale> are the most awesome people in the universe!
a seven year old just beat me at monopoly  nice
excited to spend my 21st in monterey! i miss that place
