7c80b66ece1d0fa437fb6cc9fc5f49b7
feelin like shit this elephant on my chest needs to go away   kinda hard to talk to customers when im hackin up a lung and can barely talk 
woke up 10 <propfemale>utes before i had to be at work  and was only 5 <propfemale> late!
cant believe everything that happened last night!!! what a great time!
cant believe everything that happened last night!!! what a great time! gotta do that more often 
at work  3 more days and my baby will be here!!!
at work then goin home to get reaady to leave bright and early in the morning!!!
back at work   gettin a new phone today!! and thiry is finally here for good!!
got my new phone!! its amazing!!
bored at work 
at work til six waitin on a damn order to get here   sick of old people already 
really not gonna be bored tonight   is that better <propfirst>? lol 
i suggest everyone go see transformers 2 it is amazing!!!!
yay my cousin is here from arizona!!!! goin to the house of my grandparents to eat some grub and go on the boat!!
work at 2   then my cousin and <propfirst> and there 2 dogs are staying the night!!! holiday world tomorrow!!
at work once again 
happy one year baby!!!
wishin time would speed up   ready to play some vball and watch shit e playful lode!
had a great time last night it was  amazing!!! <propmale> candle wars are great sorry bout the bald spot scrawny   lol 
off work in a couple hours then goin to otwell again for more fireworks and volleyball!!!
at work   
yay im 3 for 3 on service plans today!!!
you can follow me on twitter now! shannonkay05
at work   had one hell of a night last night!
very annoyed   
at work then packin for the trip this weekend!
at work   had a great time this weekend!
at work then <propfemale> is comin over tonight!
at work   blah 
workin 12 1 2 hours today   hope its worth it!
workin a short shift today!
at work 
workin all day   
at work   had fun last night!!!
"love=pain, trust=stupidity, faith=hurt"
off work tomorrow goin to see my mom and grandparents   then hangin out with schwee and goin swimming!!!
at work    
off work in about half hour   not really wantin to go home 
at work   about to throw my phone through a wall 
workin 12 hours today 
pissed the fuck off!!!!!
workin   
im sick and tired of being sick and tired im sick and tired of being pushed away   
glad i dont have to close tonight   what to do with an evening off?? maybe get my nails done and find a party!
workin   dont know what to do after work party in <propmale> or newburgh or not party?
me is tired and needs a nap   i think me and <propfemale> are gonna bring a cot to put in the back   lol 
at work   
workin with the new guy and the trainee    what the hell 
work is uber boring today   no one is even comin in 
at work   i have another damn migraine comin on   fuck this people better not annoy me today 
not a good day to be at work when you have no voice and your paycheck depends on talking to customers 
gonna be training the new district manager for the next few days   hopefully he works out!
workin cant get over this damn cough
at work with no sleep and a hangover    fml 
in serious need of a damn nap!
workin til nine then goin to mt <propfemale>!!!!
hangin out in mt <propfemale> today!
at work   
back to work   had an amazing weekend!!!
at work   gettin everything together for sunday!
workin then goin to be in mt <propfemale> for a couple days!
came into to work early today   looking forward to tomorrow!
workin 12 1 2 hours today   need to sleep dang it! the party was great yesterday   couldnt ask for a better 2nd family!
at work til 6   then what to do?
at work   its a rainy sleepy day 
workin by myself til 9   boring 
not in the mood for people today 
at work   still dont want to be around people   wantin some hard liquor and a day off   
another blah day in my blah life
at work til 9 then goin to a friends!
workin a short shift today    then i wonder what kind of trouble i can get myself into!
work til 2 smile 0 then goin to otwell for some fried chicken!!
had a great weekend   so much fun   minus <propfirst> almost dyin   but that was funny too
so why is it that thiry just called and bitched me out for her bein a dumbass and passin a cop and getting a ticket   def not my fault from 112 <propmale> away 
off work at nine then goin to play rock band again!!
one thing everyone should know   dont fuck with me right after i wake up and havent had coffee or a cig yet   never ends well
do not cross me    you will not win   i promise 
at work   tryin to figure shit out
at work   workin open to close today then back to otwell for more fun!!
workin then goin to otwell!!
at work with <propfemale>!!!
at work   a dreary day out today  
at work   then idk
yay for a great day at work!!! this is what i like to see!!
countin down til i can leave this place   im exhausted   
almost done with my open to close   i dont think anything else could have gone wrong! so glad i only have to go to a meeting tomorrow   and i dont have to deal with stupid people!
at work   lookin forward to the upcoming weeks
workin til 2 smile 0 then gettin my license plates renewed and new tires on my car then headin to eville for some haci and some drankin!!
at work   gonna be a long week
gettin off work at 2:15 then goin to eville and havin dinner and shoppin with <propfemale>!!! then new <propfemale> tomorrow!!
at work had a great time yesterday watched new <propfemale> ate at los bravos and played some rock band and did some drinkin!!
off work soon then headin to otwell for some exciting drunken times
gettin the group invite for my high school class reunion makes me feel old   and wonder how 5 five years flew by so fast
happy birthday dad   r i p 
at work   then goin home to <propfemale>!!
waitin to get off work then goin home to chill with <propfemale> and the inlaws!!
at work then <propfemale> and <propfirst> are comin over for din and goin to see some lights then off to mt <propfemale> to open more presents and see my seester and seester in law!!
lookin forward to all the xmas festivities!!
my first sober new years in a long time    happy new years everyone!!
dont really see the point in being open early new years day everyones sleepin off their hangovers lol
apparently <propfemale> wants to go golfin
at the hospital waitin on <propfemale> to get out the shower so we can go to los bravos!!! she needs to hurry her butt up 
for everyone wondering   yes i am prego   im goin to the doc this week to find out how far along i am
waitin for it to be nine so i can go home and load up on nyquil and try to get a decent nights sleep   wish me luck
workin open to close today   lots to do to get ready for the regional manager visit tomorrow
workin open to close today   yay for coffee and gettin my hair highlighted after work!
less than two hours to go!! so ready to be outta here
at work   soooo ready to be off the next two days!
workin open to close and needin a nap   
tryin to figure out to do with my day off tomorrow    hhhmmm
oh monday how i loathe you   you ruin the ending of a perfectly good weekend!
at work   glad i dont have to come in til 2 tomorrow 
this week just might be the death of me   
back to work for me   but i had i good day off yesterday   much needed
so ready for 5 o'clock some people that come in here need to be bitch slapped with some common sense   seriously!
get off work in a hour with nothing to do afterwards   sadly im a lil excited bout it
workin again ill be sooo glad when <propfirst> is back from vacation   wakin up at 7am is def not for me!
yay <propfirst> comes back tomorrow and i can go back to bein my lazy sleepin in self!!!
at work i feel a <propmale> headache comin on   i just wanna crawl back in bed
hopefully todays open to close will go by as fast as yesterdays did
workin and stressin    nothin out of the ordinary
my allergies are already kickin my ass   not a good sign
today is not gonna be a good day   love you baby
my gfs in jail   my best friend is in the hospital   fml
happy st pattys day!!
so i talked to thiry twice last night   still dont know when shes getting out but i hope its soonish   i miss her like crazy
ive been here a whole hot 20 <propfemale> and im already so annoyed i could hit someone    this is stupid  thank you who closed this store last night for being a complete dumbass
these slow days here are killer    people please come in and get something more than airtime!
<propfemale> just highlighted and lowlighted my hair   and i have to say i love it!
happy easter everyone
played some softball ate some amazing food and way to much <propfemale> and got the blind side all in all great easter
at work for a few hrs then gonna finally get to see <propfirst>
still wondering what schwee has in store for me tomorrow   hhhmmm what could it be?
hopefully goin to sleep soon   im ti-red yep
either my nose is making funny noises or i have a bird in my head
"so i just took the best nap ever and now to shower, tattoo shop, food unt movie   thank you seester"
its tattoo time for me!!! yay yay yay
schwee is amazing i get a tattoo and an albino guinea pig!!!
what should i name the albino guinea pig its a girl
doin some cleanin before work   
really hopin the cats dont try to get in the guinea pig cage while im at work
headin to bed soonish lots to do tomorrow before i get my party on   anyone who wants come to hamerheads in <propmale> around 9ish is more than welcome!! gotta do it up right!
since everyone suddenly cant make it tonight i might just forget about celebrating   fuckin perfect
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!!
doin some cleanin then shower then famdamly bday thing then volleyball!!!!
feelin good and havin fun
nothin like startin off the day with makin <propmale> n cheese and dancing around the kitchen singin beach boys songs!
slow day at work   lookin out at the amazing weather and wishing i could go enjoy it
just sang like scuttle for my boss
i love that th store opens an hour later   i dont love that i woke up when i used to have to be here freakin out thinkin i was late
sittin at dennys with the schweenie and dereko gonna get our grub on!!
so my allergies r makin my eye do the creepy stoned thing and its kinda hard to see
so looking forward to oct when i go to arizona to see my cousin and stay in vegas for a couple days!!!
almost sleepy time i think work tomorrow then goin to hammerheads yay
cant wait til im off work so i can go to hammerheads and drink it up
hey im just lookin for a good time
sittin here waitin   ready to go get my drink on
havin a good time hahahahahahahaha
had a lot of fun last night havent been like that in awhile    wow good times
workin for 4 more hours then headin to otwell!
less than half an hour and im outta here!!!
sleepy time    she comes   its been a llooooonnngggg day
i love that i can hit snooze until 25 <propfemale> before i have to be at work and still get here with 7 <propfemale> to spare
played some horseshoes now sittin by the fire chillin
me-cosmtcha brittiany-whats that mean me-its japanese for fuck ur mother
i got woke up before my alarm   but i am gettin dennys breakfast out of the deal   
ugh i just want one fuckin day where i can relax   sick of idiots
allergies are drivin me crazy today    ugh
one should never wrestle their seester in za bed   i will end up sufficating her with her own tits   hahaha oops
so i have the next two days off and tomorrow i have to go clean my moms apt   but what to do friday?
so i drive and think about my life
im a spitting image of my father when the day is done my mommas my biggest fan im clueless and im clumsy but i got friends that love me its all a part of me thats who i am
when everything is all said and done will you be happy with the outcome
i forgot how nice it is to sleep in every once and awhile    
gonna be an interesting night yes
i can tell already that this is not gonna be a good day at work    fuck
finally sleep time   looking forward to next month
sittin at home chillin with schwee <propfemale> and fergie   glad i have tomorrow off
sooooo tired   ugh
missin my <propfemale>
just got back from the park took some interesting photos that will be on here soon!! miss you baby!
at work   kinda a slow day
gonna try to get some shut eye   working open to close all weekend   gonna be a long one
doin the work thing all weekend open to close today and tomorrow
busy day      holy crap
so sick of bullshit and people talkin shit everyone just needs to get on with their lives seriously
at work til seven then who knows   in a weird mood and i dont know why
had a really good day   my baby sent me flowers at work i sold lots of stuff got some really cute pics in the mail and supper was ready when i came home!!
and i have the next two days off!! gonna go see my mom tomorrow
awake but still layin in bed   feels nice to do nothing for a change
as i look around me my dog schwee <propfemale> and my mom all look like theyre goin to sleep soon   everybody run   she comes
not only am i awake way earlier than i wanted to be but im awake so early because i have such a bad damn migraine   its gonna be one of those days   ugh
my head is still throbbing really dont want get out of bed
gonna eat tacos and watch <propfemale> neuva for cinco de mayo!!
took a lil nap and stephies here! gonna make some good grub tonight   missin my baby
played some uno watched some movies ate some good food all in all good night the only thing that would have made it better is if <propfemale> was here
holy fuck my life im freaking out
woke up early   had to go to the store twice   but my moms mothers day cake is gonna be delicious! work later   guess im the boss this week
happy mothers day to all the moms out their    i really need to get around and head to my mommas   
ive decided that my hell will be me being locked in a room with my aunt pam   the stupidity and annoyance of that woman drives me insane
will somebody plz bring me some ice cream? its for a good cause    
yep im freakin goin to bed and try to sleep workin open to close tomorrow   
so maybe the goin to bed thing didnt work out my alarm will be goin off in 2 5 hrs so i can start my 12 hr shift   fml and my swollen throat   
so i guess when i get off work im goin to the e r  ugh
so they shot my ass and now they are holding me hostage for 20 min   damn
ok so i have a very severe case of strep throat which in turn is givin me a severe ear infection which makes u feel like shit and not eat anythin
the best conversations happen with my seester in my car in a parking lot    i cant even describe it
fixin to have a lil captain in me!!!!
captain is in my system and im feelin fine    i love this stuff
laughed more tonight than i have in a very very very long time   good night all work open to close tomorrow
its an unofficial kinda thing but im down with that   and i need to get more jew wine   makes everything better
playin cards eatin grapes and drinkin jew wine   seriously its kosher
gonna get a couple things done then goin to work day nine of my ten day stretch   ready for a day off
"long roads, windows down, cigarette in my hand you how i love drivin in the springtime"
so i drive all day to watch greys anatomy   well worth it!!!
rain cant stop me from pitchin a tent and spendin the night under the stars
on the road again cant wait to get back on the road again
workin open to close then gonna have some fun!!
workin    this day just needs to hurry up and be over
goin for a night swim at meems!!!
you make me dance like a fool forget how to breathe shine like gold buzz like a <propfemale> just the thought of u can drive me wild ohh u make me smile
holy holy shit shit fuck fuck my life
so this new game im learning is kinda fun   
workin noon to nine today   you should come buy stuffs from me
lovin my girl more and more everyday
sooooo i just figured out that the word diesel is really fun to say   but not with a cig in ur mouth haha
walmart dennys dyin schwees hair again then canasta    work tomorrow mornin for a couple hours and then mill house then to otwell for a cookout and volleyball
<propfirst>- if you dont come up lookiin like a glazed donut   youre doin it wrong   
gettin ready to head to the millhouse and eat then gonna head to otwell for some fun!!!
beer in my hand and a cookout bonfire and volleyball later!!! so glad summer is here!!!
so thiry is paintin my toe nails and im not gonna lie   kinda nice
just got done swimming and takin pictures now off to otwell soon
headin to otwell soon had fun swimmin and workin on my tan today!!
headed to patoka lake for the day
i guess its national dont answer ur phone day
rule number one cardio    im fucked
oh boy what a day this will be
covering my last day in princeton then im back at jasper   missin my baby
did some cleanin at the new place gonna go to my moms to clean in a lil bit workin open to close tomorrow again   
ugh so much to do in such little time   and im tryin to quit smoking   bad timing
a fun filled day of painting the new place and hittin up some yard sales    hopin to get lots accomplished today
hittin the hay got a lot accomplished today and am exhausted but everything is coming together very nicely!!
it is fifa time!! yay world cup for futball!!
dont taunt me with ur lies
at steak n shake then headin home to crash
workin then gonna head out to the house to paint some
so ready for everything to go back to normal
dear god all i ask of u is to hold her close when im not around when im much to far away
finally goin to bed    gonna be a long day tomorrow   but well worth it
why even bother anymore   nothings ever gonna change
oh venti caramel vanilla latte with whipped topping with caramel drizzle how i love u
so theres a 20 yr old freakin out in my bed because apparently were all gonna die from this storm   this why im awake at 5am
workin til six then goin home and gonna try to get my damn sinuses to clear up
almost time to get off work   finally   kinda a day off tomorrow gotta do inventory!!
its like one step forward and two steps back no matter what i do ur always mad
whos gonna feed the goddamn birds
worked a short shift today   at the apt packin more stuff then swimmin later!!
not feelin so loved or appreciated right about now   
of course of fucking course   ugh   
worked open to close today came home packed some more made dinner now just waitin for thiry to return   workin open to close tomorrow
the word gay orginally meant happy   so remember when u say somethings gay ur actually sayin its happy   just throwin that out there
worked on the house a lot   takin a dennys break then back at it
why yes i love <propfirst>in up the shed with a car <propfirst> at 3am to get a <propfemale> out who has been under there for about 10 hours    not
hhmmm    i think ill call her bandit   cause she stole our hearts   gotta love havin kitties find you haha
when we dont talk when we dont touch when it doesnt feel like were even in love it matters to me    how can i make you see it matters to me
is thinkin i need to go to vincennes sometime soon   im needin some new piercings   any suggestions   just none on the face because of work
soooo the <propfemale> is tryin to backstroke in the box    
according to schwee its hotter den a dog turd in here    
all in all a pretty good day   besides the fact that its over 80 damn degrees in this place   
hes gonna be like what are cuticles and why are they on my floor   lol i want <propfemale> to work at my store
of course the night im exhausted and just wanna get home i get stuck by the damn train in princeton   
we have valet   where the fuck r the bitches yeah
we got an upsidedown volcano where the waterfall should be   oh the joys of thirys grillin
im past the point of exhaustion   i am now a zombie   i dont even remember what sleep is anymore
the radio hates me today   fuck my damn life
ive officially been awake for 25 hours   this stupid shits gotta stop
goin through more trainin for assistant manager   lotsa stuff to remember
i would have totally rocked the 80s
off work in half an hour   its been a loonnngggg day
nothin like an impromptu cookout and swim party at meem and paps!!
at work waitin on my energy drink to kick me in the ass and get me motivated
i tell u what    
she learned some good tricks out there in the jungle   
headin home   
home sweet home   its good to be back
i have 5 baby mama dramas what the fuck have u done today
note to self   stay away from the <propfemale> bushes   yes
"schwee: am i gonna do it or r u gonna do it?\me: i dont know    i cant    i wont    i should    "
at hammerheads havin a beer with david   need it after today
thats alright because i love the way you lie   
im dancing to the music in my head
just got done swimmin with schwee and <propfirst>!! good times!!
<propfirst>- wtf over my fucking forehead!!!
<propfirst> <propfirst> is in town!! gonna be an interesting week!
chillin watchin a movie with <propfirst> <propfirst> before night night time
about 4 and a half more hours and ill be drinkin beer relaxin in the pool
"hear no evil, speak no evil, and u will never be invited to a party-oscar wilde"
yay for more alchy tonight!!
its almost hammerheads time!!!
apparently im on a boat because i got high   yay karaoke
shots r pourin!!!!
gettin ready to go get my hair did
nothin like pizza and ice cream to help a hangover   oh and the fact that my hair now looks amazing!!! thank you <propfemale>!!!
workin a split shift now today    ugh
so this past week has been amazing   ive had soooo much fun!
headin to eville   wall of foam here i come!
so had some amazing food and beer bought some new books and now starbucks   eville u r so good to me
finally cleaning and doin some laundry   there was just no time for that over the weekend   countin down to another amazing time
never make someone ur priority when ur only their option 
ready to be off work guessin theres gonna be a party tonight
what the fuck    waldo
me: oh my god    shes talkin to a stranger
oh no   someone might die today    
its one of those days where im gonna need an iv of caffeine    
things for you by hinder   amazing song
its to late to apologize   its to late
my pants fall off to easy to do that tonight
yay for smores and homemade sherbert
lots to do today   time to show em what im made of
so ready for it to be 6   gotta do some shoppin
hacienda after work and shopping   yes plz!
gettin ready to pick up some new friends   margaritas and mexican food!!!!
seriously people need to learn how to drive i almost got t-boned cause some dumbass thought it would be a good idea to run a stop sign
friends dont let friends fry bacon naked
strawberry and orange margarita   aaahhhhh sweet goodness how ive missed you!
"ben: ur halo is held up by devil horns\me: how else do you live?"
its def an angry music kinda day   
so who wants to come put this bookshelf together for me   
holy crap i just got sooo much done   now its time to relax
some people u dont think ull see again u run into at the liquor store
workin til 5 smile 0 then it might be a jew wine kinda night
off work soon   its gonna be a movie and wine kinda night
me: im gonna beat ur kitty   ur gonna kick my puppy   and the puppies gonna eat ur kitty   its gonna be one hell of a night
time for bed   jon needs to hurry up and get off vacation   this openin stuff is screwin with me
loves that my dog and my prego cat cuddle
rentin some movies and relaxin
clash of the titans=pretty good movie
i lost my scuttle     sad 
hot tub time machine=win
its a run around naked kinda day   110degrees can kiss my ass
yay for mean bean in the mornings!!
people need to learn responsibility   like now
i just love that i have to cancel all my plans because i work with a jackass
i got audrian and baydden for the day
my dog likes baydden a lil tooooo much   uh oh
yay yay yay yay yay!!!!!!  laugh 
thinkin i need some kind of liquid energy   
come on nine oclock    u need to get here faster
im so happy right now words cant e playful lain!!  love 
the countdown to thursday has begun    
go for an evening hike    i say yes
did some hikin and skinny dipping now its time to go home and relax
"ive got great friends, a great job and an amazing man in my life    things are really starting to look up!!"
workin til 6 today then goin to see my mom   i cant believe shes gonna be 60 on friday!!!
the roles are reversed now im happy and ur sad   and im never going back
headin to my moms   then home to <propfemale> with some cool kids
idk if its a good idea for me to go to work today   i woke up with my fuck u attitude and its not leavin
so ready for it to be tomorrow   
yay my cars back and ready for the road!!!
two hours and fifty-five minutes until my mini vaca starts!!!! finally some time away from work and indiana!
i am responsible for the cancer of birds everywhere   
i suppose i should start packing now   
so im packed   finally   so ready to be in wisconsin
one thing i hate about road trips    i always get a damn migraine
fuck rush hour in chicago
soooo happy to see the welcome to wisconsin sign
watchin house of 1000 corpses   loves this movie
had a pretty amazing time at six flags   not wantin to leave tomorrow!
i gotta full tank of gas   huge fountain dew and lots of cigs   to bad i really dont wanna make this drive
i could really go for some ice cream from leons right about now
i want some fuckin french toast   and im gettin it
"me: thats my toe\schwee: found it\me: fat toe\schwee: mine"
ill be glad when theres not a seven hour drive seperating me from what i want   
"twizzlers, chocolate milk and <propmale> python   it is a good night"
needs some brain bleach plz   some things u cant unsee
everyday i catch myself smiling and its all because of u
my friend just came out as a conformist nazi zombie from outer spacee    freakin knew it!
"me-ur welcome\schwee-i didnt thank you for shit\me-no but you will"
off work soon then takin the dogs swimmin
this is me   this is who i am
headin to eville with <propfemale> then the movies later tonight
feels weird being back on usi campus    soooo many memories
usi panera bread starbucks and saw everyone at the mal rs    the last exorcism later   good day
it just may be to good to be true     ugh stupid brain quit thinking
the last exorcism=epic fail    not even worth it
workin open to close today    its gonna be a long one   
do ya love me??    wanna play love games??    do ya love me?? have some baileys  its creamy    do ya love me??
now i’m feelin so fly like a g6
ugh     i think i just need to sleep for awhile    
"david: ouch    i just sat on my balls    im a mess   \me:           im not laughing   im cryin\david: yeah im cryin i sat on my balls"
workin at the first ave radio shack in eville today   come see me and buy stuff
sittin in my livin room with 3 guys   wish there was 1 more here
"david: its almost time to go home   an hour and a hour \me: honey   u mean 29 min?\lmao"
fuck the cookie   i want a popsicle
"me: im walking away from that one\schwee: what   where are we going"
he is the only thing always on my mind    love 
workin til close tonight then a get a day off!!
in one of those moods   
all in all   bad fucking day
took a break from cleanin to have chinese with the guys
that phone call just made my day  smile 
ggrrrrrrrrrr     yay for another migraine
it would be really nice if i could communicate with a certain someone     sad 
blueberry lemonade smirnoff is yummy
my plans for labor day weekend    work    ugh
workin    feels like thats all i do anymore 
i have a very strong urge to wrap my legs around ur neck right now 
i want a <propfemale> wife
jessica: i have a fucking ginuea pig go fuck urself!
gettin off work at 3 today   what to do???
cookin some good foods waitin on there rest of the extended famdamily to get here!!
i look like a hippie today
david: he can go suck a god damn goat   i dont care
finishin up cleanin at my moms   goin home to change then headin to the <propfirst> fall fest!!
woke up super early   hopefully it was worth it
at the moment i just wanna be in a cabin in the mountains snuggled up next to the one i love in front of a fire    
in a nutshell today blows   
ill make a voodoo doll of ya and flick ur nuts
off work shortly   then goin home and havin a cleanin party    possibly a cookout involved somewhere in there!
"cleaning   check, defend my best friend   check, relax in front of the tv   check    all in all good night"
makin some jello cake!!!!
pork chops and creek fried potatoes on the grill and jello cake in the fridge   its a beautiful thing
workin for a few more hours   thinkin about gettin some jew wine for tonight!!!
jessica: u know how so people cuss and its like magic   thats what i aspire to be
theres this boy and he stole my heart  love 
gettin really excited for my trip next month   cant wait!!!!
i would rather be hated for who i am than loved for who im not 
"its mani, pedi, facial and eyebrow waxing time!! thank you <propfemale>!!!"
im livin off of caffeine and nicotine   and i am excited about this
not really feelin like im worth it anymore   ugh fuckin stupid
workin a short shift today   probably goin to see resident evil: afterlife tonight with someone i havent <propmale> out with in forever!
resident evil afterlife is amazing!!!!!
at work alllllll day   but at least i can watch the game!!!
pretty eventful day    worked    had dinner with some friends    and my cat had three stillborn kittens   ugh
at work   as usual   maybe tomorrow ill have the motivation to put the huge pile of stuff in the shed
watch your step to hell its a long fall
so i just booked my hotel in indy for the night before i fly to arizona!!!!
so i am now at the docs waitin on my mom to get out from her yearly yes im still disabled appt    
cherries and berries all over the damn place today
feelin pretty good about myself atm     i saved a cute lil puppy from gettin run over on the highway
ugh    grrrrrrr    this sucks    
really wishin a certain someone would get ahold of me    
waiting in the dark for miracles    miracles dont happen here
we are all here for some special reason  stop being a prisoner of your past  become the architect of your future ~robin sharma
goin down to meem and paps tonight!!! i see euchre in my near future       yay!
going slightly crazy today     well more so than usual 
in a really chipper mood today   maybe its the beautiful weather   maybe its the fact that i get off work early today   or maybe its because i have an amazing man that i couldnt be happier with!!  love 
workin open to close today   blah
i think <propfemale> is disguised as a fedex driver    so many toys
fuck your access denied shit    umm did you hear that?
being woke up at 6am by my love was the greatest feeling!!  love 
feelin pretty loved   a 14hr roundtrip drive just to see me for a day     love  him
cleanin at my mommas   
in 27 days i will be makin my trip to arizona and vegas!!! cannot wait!
still in disbelief    i hate shady people    
thinkin i may need to lay off the red bull a bit   im becoming more like a zombie everyday   ugh
off work in half an hour and then its <propfemale> time at los bravos!!!
im actually gonna have an afternoon to do something    now what to do???
at the park with the kids
i just watched a nine yr old devour a big mac    wow
11 years ago today my best friend was taken for me    i miss you everyday dad   i only hope youd be proud of who ive become   love you dad
if you cant handle me at my worst you dont deserve me at my best
cravin some yogurt covered raisins   but im settling on the chocolate covered ones
i wanna drink some wine tonight but i cant get the damn cork out of the bottle  sad 
i like it on the kitchen table    
we have a new addition to the family sgt  toast   your welcome <propfemale>
if you wanna find out whats behind these cold eyes youll just have to claw your way through this disguise~pink <propmale>
on my way home from eville   learned how to kill nazi zombies   pretty successful trip id say
"people who judge others based on gender, race, sexual orientation or religion need to be bitch slapped    just sayin"
hopin that when i get off work i still have enough red bull runnin through my system to get some cleaning and rearranging done   
takin <propfemale> up to crane then who knows
dont u know that u are a shooting star   dont u know
goin to haunted houses in eville tonight
now its starbucks time!!!!
dogs have owners    cats have staff   funny but true
i will smother it in gravy and eat its creamy goodness
nothin like some starbucks before a meeting    in eville today!
you must see beauty in all things 
the answer is always yes    unless the answer is no
so my dog doesnt drink out of the toilet    but my cat does  annoyed     i may have some of the strangest animals
so i just got flipped off by some old guy because i went around him as he was turning onto a different street   i love grumpy old men haha
im in a mood today tonight   aka go to hell   k thanks  smile 
workin open til whenever my boss tells me to get the hell out lol   then off to <propfemale> claus to see my momma!
"too much to lose - i'm choosing to learn and learning to choose \we find our faith according to lies, according to clues \remember - i remember - we were gonna burn the world together \but i can't stay - and i can't get away ~stone sour, home again lyrics   love them!"
there's a hard life for every silver spoon  there's a touch of gray for every shade of blue  that's the way i see life  if there was nothing wrong there'd be nothing right ~shinedown lyrics
in one hour and 53 minutes i will be on vacation for 9 days    not that im counting down or anything   haha
gotta love toppin off the night with a trip to the e r  oh well hopefully my cyst wont come back anymore cause damn that fuckin hurt!!
i hope all these pills theyre makin me take are gonna help   4 pills 4 times a day   ugh
<propfemale> <propfemale> and logun r here!! its a great day to be at the park   
woke up and made a bunch of homemade chocolate chip cookies   gonna go see nicks family then supper with my grandparents!!
me and <propmale> took shilo to school today took a nap now shower time and then eville   hacienda tonight!!!
had a few margaritas at hacienda!! hangin with <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propmale>!
gonna have a relaxing day watchin movies and cookin with my baby!!
i love it when you call me big poppa     hahaha
had a really amazing vacation   i forgot how awesome nicks family is   back to work tomorrow
apparently i have a very strong want to blow shit up today
looking forward to spend the day with nick   gonna work on my car some and possibly go to eville tonight to <propfemale> with a long lost friend!!
i love my man!!! he just surprised me with a <propfemale> just because!!  love 
tried some cow tongue again   not so bad the second time around
had an amazing time last night bowling with my baby and a couple great friends   now off to a meeting then work
im a one way ticket to the darker side
workin by my lonesome tonight   come visit and buy stuffs haha
45min and i have a day off    lots to do tomorrow
thank you to all my friends who are in active duty protecting our freedom and those who are overseas i cant wait to see you when you come home!
if anyone finds ostrich number 1354 plz let me know k thanx
since when do they put tadpoles in the ostrich dept?? just wondering
oh quiznos how ive missed you
ask me a question in my inbox and i will answer it as a status   no names attached! have fun!!
"q  how much do u love me and will it be forever?\a  more than words can e playful lain   and forever isnt long enough "
"gonna spend my day off cleanin and makin homemade snickerdoodles, banana bars and potato salad!"
this cold medicine may make me groggy as hell but it works!! i can breathe!!!
got my plates renewed visited my mom and x is stayin with us tonight    dont really wanna go to work later
my back is killin me   ugh
workin til 7 then goin to see shilo
montonio says no montonio does wear girl pants but thats becuz he likes the way they fit    montonio makes people smile long night
"nicole-i dont even know what just happened\me-i dont either and i was there"
when you open your mind to the impossible sometimes you find the truth
i got the towels in the wash clothes in the dryer banana bars in the oven dishes washed and koolaid made for xavier   now time to straighten my hair ugh
headin to the gaslight for a couple drinks with <propfirst>!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!
at work waiting to open the doors  we got campers! i think the only way id go out on black friday is to get paid   these people crazy!
i love the madness!!!! bahahahahaha! my heart might e playful lode  to  much  redbull!!!!
one more hour of work   lookin forward to goin home and curlin up on the couch with nick   i see popcorn and hot cocoa in my near future
just got done helpin skin rabbits   i say its been a successful sunday
"slept in, skinned rabbits, watched football, played with shilo and ate some deer meat   all in all great day now time for my back massage!"
got a phone call tonight   une playful ected   balled like a baby    fuck
i think possums are cute dead   is that bad??
im really happy <propmale> got a better job   just sucks that the only time we get to spend together now is when we're sleeping  annoyed 
workin then goin home to make no bake cookies and chocolate covered pretzels
watchin the cowboys
hell yeah    cowboys won!!!!!
relaxin on my day off   doin a lil cleanin and possibly more baking
"made dinner and chocolate chip cookie bars   plannin on makin some more no bake cookies, chocolate covered pretzels and maybe chocolate peanut butter cookies"
send me a number to my inbox and i will reply what i think about u as a status
#333 you are hilarious and we have many drunken memories   remember its japanese for fuck your mother lol
#007 i got you <propfemale> wars legos for christmas a few years ago and you were pretty excited about it
#123 i miss workin with you and ur son is one of the most adorable kids ever
#666 you are a crazy bastard thats needs to get ur damn window fixed lol remember creamy
#105 you will be getting lots of goodies tomorrow lol ive been baking tooooo much
#35 i havent seen you since high school   lots of classes and laughs together
#13 oh my sooo much you were my first gf lots of laughs   fishing   beached whale   it glows   lots of inside jokes
#6775 you are a very helpful person and i use to cover for ya when u had surgery
#1234 we were attached at the hip growin up   my mom still has pics of us wearin the same outfits lol
#321 we had a lot of good times in middle school always joking around
#1639 i miss you and we need to get together and <propfemale> out its been way to long
#01 we havent <propmale> out since high school and that needs to change asap def since we both live in <propmale>!
#8909 i spent many many days at ur house hangin with ur brother i miss you guys
#1616 we have been friends since we were little and i am hopin to be down soon to see the new addition to the family!
#22 im sooo happy to be around again ive missed u and ur family so much its good to be back   hopefully this time i wont be goin anywhere
#6682 where to begin   theres color guard and the bus to school or to une playful ected meetin at ocharleys in bloomington lol
#316 i miss you   we had some crazy times ridin with <propfirst> or when u let me stay with u for awhile   one generous and caring person
#6 i only have one thing to say tweeker hahahaha
#2008 you are a super nice guy and really fun to go bowling with   now me and <propmale> just have to make it to knoxville
#138 you r a crazy girl lol bujt <propfemale> much fun i miss hangin out at mainstreet and drinkin mudslides
#555666 you are an amazing person and i love you    and thanks for feedin my animals lol
#3721 i miss you!!! i will never forget when u showed us the light that falls to the floor without breaking or our many union breaks lol four minutes
i need chicken tenders    right meow
#209 we had a lot of laughs at work and you are such a sweet person
#808 you will always remembered for the oven mitt and all the drunken memories and of course me chasing u around with fireworks
#2686 i love you and i miss you and you need to come home   uve been in japan tooo long
yay i got a new water heater!! wow im gettin old if that excites me lol
r i p  <propfirst> stahl youre gonna be missed
david-it makes my heart smile when i see a child smile because of metal
in eville all i gotta say is the evansville fire department is awesome
i really want a digital camera for xmas
more specifically i want the black casio ex-s8 from radio shack with a 2yr repair plan 8gb memory card and this freakin cute golla case
migraine and i cant turn my head this 13 1 2 hour day is gonna be fun
more snow    ugh
my car needs a bath it almost looks white with the salt on it
10 1 2 down 3 to go   cant wait to go home
im gettin a lil worried my moms sick and her phones on but she hasnt answered or returned my calls all day   very unlike her
well i had to call 911 for an ambulance and shes in the e r  right now
gettin some things from my moms house for her   shes in the icu still waitin to find out what all is wrong with her    
home from the hospital gonna go back in the morning to see if shes gettin any better   exhausted
well the roads are bad enough that i cant go see my mom and i missed work   fuckin wonderful
my road still hasnt been salted    this is awesome
runnin to <propfemale> claus to get some things for my mom then headin to the hospital
headin to the hospital again   ive seen far to much of that place
its like robot in retard mode    
the dessert lineup is peanut butter choc chip cookies cake balls oreo balls choc chip cookies white reg choc covered pretzels & holiday shaped snickerdoodles
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! have a safe and happy holiday!
workin all day    glad the holiday stuff is over   no more <propmale> the donkey!!!
runnin some errands before work    lookin for a new place to live
happy birthday and anniversary to my baby! i love you!
sooooo my mom finally stood up today she still cant walk but standing up is a huge step
had los bravos for lunch then went to the hospital and watched my mom stand again she still cant walk though now workin then goin to <propfirst>
off work in a couple hours then goin to <propfemale> out with my seester!!
seems like all my free time is spent in the hospital visitin my mom     this is getting rather exhausting 
here we go with this snow business again   
this headache can go away any time now   
biggie biggie biggie cant u see sometimes ur words hypnotize me i guess thats y theyre so broke and ur so paid
well just got out of the doctor and im due september 7th
goin to eville for a meeting this morning   hopefully i dont end up in a damn ditch
at the hospital again visitin my mom    she needs to hurry up and get outta here
so according to the updated zodiac signs im no longer an aries   but they can kiss my ass i will always be an aries everything about my personality fits it!
morning sickness   not a good thing to have while drivin to vincennes
ten oclock on a sat night and im goin to bed   this bitch is exhausted
apparently its national be a huge fucking asshole day   ugh so ready to go home
it is mildly entertaining watching these crazy birds fly into the front of the store repeatedly
so my mom came home yesterday   and is goin back now
sooo my relaxing day off ended up being spent at my moms at the hospital and then the nursing home ugh so ready for bed meeting in eville tomorrow   maybe
jaspers out of salt   fucking wonderful
hollywood undead stone sour and avenged sevenfold in 8 days!!!!!!!
this being nauseaus 24 7 stuff can go away anytime now   ugh
this snow nonsense needs to stop    bring on the warm weather
looks like ill be goin for the steelers on 6th    
baked a cake   straightening my hair    work and concert tomorrow!!!
gonna go home and straighten my hair then work and concert tomorrow!!
new medicine sucked time for some hollywood undead!!!!
stone fucking sour
impatiently waiting for a7x
concert = success!!!!!!!!!!!
my iphone came in today!!!!!
so i'm nine weeks along and i have a little bump   
workin for a couple more hours then finally a day off
my cat became a momma last night 2 made it this time!! theyre soooo cute!
workin a few hours today then it's superbowl time!!!!
windows down music up flip flops on    hell yeah
cleaned up the house wrote out some bills now off to the doc hopefully get to hear the heartbeat
nothing like wakin up at the ass crack of <propfemale> to help butcher a hog before work
fresh pork chops right from the hog    so fucking good!!!
this has got to be the longest day at work ever    going sooooooo slow
so tired of being sick 24 7   doctors appt bright and early tomorrow maybe we'll hear a heartbeat
girl scout cookies and milk are calling my name
we heard the heartbeat this morning   now it's really hittin me   oh boy here we go
fried turtle just may be my new favorite food
happy birthday to my seester and her dad!!!!
between this new system at work and the fact that almost everyone took their stupid pill today i have a raging headache  ugh
so <propmale> made homemade chicken noodle soup tonight i have to say not to shabby
had a very long very fun very exhausting day!!
since i haven't been able to leave my bed since yesterday it has been an old disney movie marathon they just don't make them like this anymore lol
four more weeks and we find out if we are having a boy or girl!!
"jessica: it's like a chihuahua\me: yeah all cute and cuddly and then bites ur nuts off"
apple
i love this weather but it hates me i have seriously sneezed about 50 times already this morning    
so the babies heartbeat is 160 min and we find out may 4th what we're having!!
watching some lady vols at work!!
had a really great day yesterday    now i'm sick as hell ugh not wanting to go to work
making a mental list of everything that has to be done before my trip to rochester tomorrow   this pregnancy brain is gonna ruin me lol
