cd7bf59758be813bd6eb2e8a1d8f0045
just got back from seeing a movie about an hour ago! saw sherlock holmes at the chabot theater! it was really good!  smile 
im having a bad week          sad 
going to my grandmas for fathers day!!!than off to the movies with amy!! smile 
is hanging at grandmas for the day i think!  smile 
is hanging at home!!!!  smile 
is going to the movies tonight!!!!!  smile 
i cant belive my birthday is on the first day of school!!!!!!!!!  sad 
i feel really sick right now!!!!!  sad  blah
my life really sucks right now!!!!!oh well on the bright side its not the end of the world like i know zac wants it to be!!!!!  smile 
im going to the zoo tommorow!!!!!!!  laugh  yay!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
im feeling kinda lonley right now
i cant wait to see <propfemale> next week!!!!!  smile 
today is such a boring day!!!!
goign to the ice creamery tonight!!!!!  laugh 
im really sleepy!!!!!  smile 
im going to amys house again!!!!  smile 
i just got home!!!!!  smile  cant wait to see <propmale> potter tommorow!!!!!  laugh 
gonna go see <propmale> potter soon!!!!!!  smile 
just got back from seeing <propmale> potter!!!the spider scared me so flipping much!!!!!! x] im also glad amys sleeping over!!!!!!  laugh 
i had such a good time in twain harte!!!!!!!  smile  i cant wait for next week when i go camping!!!!!!!!!  smile 
about an hour ago my cat came in with a poor baby blue jay!!!!!it was bleeding and couldnt move!my mom and i took it to the vet and we are pretty sure its going to be okay!!!!!  smile 
im getting ready for camping!!!!  smile  leaving tommorow and coming back next monday!!!!! im so excited!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
just got back from camping!!!!!!!  smile 
i just found out my aunt is in the hospital!!!!!!  sad 
gonna go see a movie with <propfemale>!!!!!!  smile 
<propfemale> and i went to the <propfemale> skate last night we were having a great time until uncle <propfirst> (<propfemale>s dad) fell and broke his leg!so now <propfemale> is gong to have to stay with me for the next couple of days!
im sad because <propfemale> had to go to her moms!!!!  sad 
i just woke up to <propfemale> yelling at me like crazy!!!!! i am so scared right now!!!!!!
she keeps on doing cheers       
zacs over at my house!!!!!!!!!!  smile  im happy!
im very sad right now!  sad 
my dad is so crazy!lol
just got back from amys house!we had lots of fun decorating our backpacks!!!  smile 
tommorow is my birthday!!!!!!!!
i cant believe zach smith used <propfemale> like that!!!!!!!!how dare he pretend to like her!!!!!!!!!!im gonna kill him!!!!!!
is hanging out at home
im gonna go watch a movie!  smile 
i had such a good time swimming!  smile  im hella sun burnt though!ughhh
i didnt go to school cuz im sick!blah i hate being sick!!!!!!
im to sick to go to school tommorow!  sad 
i feel like shit!!!!!!ugh  sad 
im going to school tommorow!i hope zac can go too but i dont think hes well enough to yet        annoyed 
im hanging with <propfemale>!!!!!  smile 
im going to watch a movie with <propfemale>!  smile 
people confuse me!!!!!!!!
im going roller skating with <propfemale> tonight!!!!!! i dont even know how many times we have gone theses past 2 months!lol
i just got back from roller skating!!!!i had so much fun!!!!!  smile 
im hanging with <propfemale> again!!!!!!!!  smile 
im going to a party!!!!!!  laugh 
im going home soon!  smile 
i hope im not late for pe tommorow!!!!!lol x]
i apparently have a appointment! ugh!!!!!!!!!
im not having a good day!  sad 
today was just plain weird!!!!!!lol
<propfirst> paiz is the craziest kid ive ever met lol!!!!!hes sugar high 24 7!!!!!!!! x]
im hanging with zac!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
oh crud he just turned my whole facebook into german!!!!lol im so confused!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im having an amazingly good day!  laugh 
i saw mustard today at school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
today was a really good day!  laugh 
i love my life!  laugh 
<propfirst> proposed to me today!lol now hes telling everyone that im his fiance!!!!!!!!!!lol x]
just got back and i had so much fun!!!!!!  laugh 
i just got home from the homecoming game a couple minutes ago!it wasnt as fun as last year but it was still pretty fun!i could have done without the scary stories while zac and i were walking home though!lol x]
im confused!!!!!!!!!!!!  annoyed 
i love today!!!!!!!!  laugh 
im confused!!!!!!!
today is my favorite day!!!!!!!!!!  love 
i just got back from hanging out with my amazing bf!!!!!!!!!  love 
im so glad that everything is okay again!!!!  smile  the only q i have is why do so many people want me to believe that my bf is cheating on me????lol the next person who says that is gonna get smacked right in the face!!!!so dont even try it people!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i cant wait for amys halloween party!!!!!!  laugh 
i hope <propfirst> does well in his boxing match!!!!!  laugh 
im gonna go watch a movie!!!!  laugh 
i cant believe someone could be that shallow!!!!i mean i know that alot of people hate <propfirst> but still thats no excuse for what they is trying to do!!!!  sad  i cant believe that <propfirst> and i have to break up because of this!!!!!but its either us breaking up or having him go to military school for 2-6 years in ohio          sad 
i dont like today          sad 
i cant believe he used me         
if anyone is wondering why i didnt go to school today its because im honestly scared to see my ex bf       dont worry though people i wont let him do what he did to me to the next girl!!!!  smile  and im gonna cuss him out!lol x]
life is good again!!!!!  smile 
happy halloween peoples!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
i had so much fun at zacs house last night!!!!  laugh  id forgotten how big columbia is!!!lol x]
im just hanging at home right now!!!!  smile 
no wonder <propfirst> never lost his boxing matches!lol he doesnt even box!!!!!! x] this doesnt really suprise me but it is really funny!!!!lol
im hanging with <propfemale> and <propmale>!!!!  laugh 
im glad to hear that my dads surgery went well today!!!!  smile 
i hate homework!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ughhh  sad 
i had to go home early cuz i was feeling like crap!!!!!  sad 
im sleepy!!!!!  smile 
hello people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i just woke up from a dream where it was illegal to drink coffee!lol so everyone desided to dye thier coffee green so the police wouldnt recognise it!!!!! x]
i love life right now!!!!!!  love 
my life is starting to get complicated again  sad 
apparently <propmale> is visiting <propfemale> again!!!!lol  smile 
<propfemale> convinced me to go to winter ball so i apparently am! oh and i found a dress for it!  smile 
im gonna go visit <propfemale>!!!!  laugh  yay!  smile 
just got back from hanging with <propfemale>!!!!  smile  i had alot of fun!!!  laugh 
im gonna go read my book!  smile 
amys stealing everything that ive became a fan of on here since i started on here!lol x] no fair!!!!
<propfemale> and i are having a contest!!!lol x]
i gave up!lol x]
im so bored!!!!!!!
im so happy cuz i just got a new phone!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  yay!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i hate shots!!!  sad 
i didnt exspect i was gonna end up going to improv but i had fun!!!!  laugh 
im hanging with <propfemale>!!!!!  laugh 
im sad right now!  sad 
im very pissed off right now!!!!!!!!!
im not mad anymore!  smile 
i cant wait to see new <propfemale> tonight!!!!!!!  laugh 
i wish <propfemale> was here to take my mind off of everything that seems to go wrong!  sad 
it sucks having my cell taken away! i cant talk to <propfemale>!  sad 
im going to <propfemale> with <propfemale> today!!!!!!!! yay!  laugh 
just got back from seeing new <propfemale> with <propfemale>!!!!!!!!  laugh  gonna go watch a part of so you think you can dance!  laugh 
i got my phome back!!!!!!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving peoples!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i just got back home!!!!!  smile 
my cousin <propfemale> is such a dork!!!!!! but we all love her anyways!!!!! x]
im very happy right now!!!!!!  laugh 
i am extrememly happy right now!!!!!!!!  laugh 
im excited for winter ball!  laugh 
i had so much fun last night!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i  love  life!!!!!  laugh 
today sucks!  sad 
im so confused and hurt right now!!!!!!!  crying 
idk what to say           crying 
i feel like a piece of shit right now! ugh 
im not exactly sure but i think i just found my silver lining in this          smile 
today was good!!!!  smile  it was weird but definitally good!
im going to the ice creamery tonight!!!!!!!!  laugh 
im so frusterated right now!!!!!!!!! ugh
i am so mad at someone right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i feel bad now       annoyed 
im worried right now!  sad 
apparently ice cream is more important than me        crying 
my life feels so pointless right now 
<propfemale> is really scaring me right now!!!!!!
<propfemale> really shouldnt have phrased her words like that!!!!! she scared the hell outta me!!!!!!
<propfemale> is over!!!!!  laugh  yay!!!!
im still shocked        o o
going roller skating!!!!!!!  smile 
just got back from roller skating a little bit ago!!!!!!!!! i had so much fun!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i wish i could take my friends pain for her right now    
idk what to do right now!  sad 
im hanging with <propfemale>!!!!!!  laugh 
its almost christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
omg i got a laptop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i  love  my laptop!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
im happy!!!!!  laugh 
i feel awful 
today is gonna be a good day!  smile 
im suprised that i actually got something from my real dad for christmas! i mean i havent heard from him in 2 years and all of a sudden he remembers me!
i had so much fun!!!!!  laugh  oh and happy new year peoples!!!!!!!!!!
yet again my gut was right       im glad i listened 
why do i keep messing things up????  sad 
im single but we r gonna get back together  eventually     
idk 
i am so mad right now!!!!!!!!!
im done with the past! its time to move on and find something better!  laugh 
im bored  ugh 
i think i might have messed up   crying 
last night was definitally freaky!!!!!!! o o
im finally home!!!!  laugh 
"im tired of people wanting to date me just to use me   sad  and i never asked for \pity dates\""  i just wish everything went back to the way it was before all this crap!  sad """
i feel bubbly!  laugh 
today was such a good day!!!!  laugh 
today was just plain weird!!!!!
my life is full of crap right now   crying  i wish all the bad stuff would go away 
today was definitally a good day!!!!!!!  laugh 
today is a good day!!!  laugh 
my life seriously sound like a freaking book right now!!!! x] lol
ugh i hate being sick   sad 
today was such a fun day!!!!!!!!!  smile 
i love the fact that the fire alarm went off today! lol it was much more entertaining than class! x]  laugh 
today is a really good day!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"i saw pops tonight and it was really good!  smile  zac, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> were amazing in it!  laugh "
i had fun at jenns party!!!!!!  smile 
i had alot of fun at the mini golf place today with <propfirst>!!!  smile 
i had fun at joeys house today!  laugh 
<propfemale> bit me!!!!!!!!!!! x] lol owweeeeee and ewwweeeeee
im hanging out with my cousin <propfemale> today!!!!!!!!  smile 
homework sucks!  sad  i want to kill who invented it 
i went mini golfing with <propfemale> today! i had so much fun!!!!!!!!  laugh 
my poor <propfemale> had to go to the vet today   crying 
im hanging out with <propfirst>!  laugh 
today was definitally a good day!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i hate progress reports   crying  they suck 
i love my life!  laugh 
life is great!  laugh 
is officially ungrounded!  laugh  happy day!  laugh 
today is a really good day!  laugh 
i had an amazing time in fluff land today with viktoriya!  laugh  lol
its offically been a whole month since i got together with him!  laugh  yay!  love 
im gonna probably see <propfemale> and wonderland tonight!  smile 
<propfemale> in wonderland was a good movie!  smile  i recommend it in 3d!  smile 
im so glad that my bf and i r so understanding with eachother!  love  its nice to actually b able to work out problems and make everything better again!  smile 
i hated testing today   crying  but besides that tonight was one of the best nights of my life!!!!  love 
going to b going to joeys bday party!  laugh 
today is one of those days when the universe cant deside whether to hate me or love me      ugh   annoyed  aka a good and bad day 
its been so nice outside!!!!  smile  i actually get a <propmale> to start wearing shorts again without freezing! lol x]
im hanging with viktoriya!  laugh 
viktoriya had to leave   crying 
today is just full of confusion and negativity   sad  so im ending it  night peoples 
i had a really fun time at the mall today!  laugh  and i even ran into viktoriya and <propfemale>!  smile 
im reading the newest book from the maximum ride series!!!!  laugh  its called fang!  laugh  its so good so far!  laugh 
i love my life!  love 
gotta catcha mole! lol x]
im hanging with <propfirst>!  laugh   love 
life is definitally complicated   annoyed 
"every long lost dream led me to where you are, others who broke my heart, they were like northern stars, pointing me on my way, into your loving arms, this much i know is true, that god blessed the broken road, that led me straight to you   love     by rascal flatts "
gonna go see how to train ur dragon in 3d with <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"im going roller skating with <propfemale>, viktoriya, and <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
both <propfirst> and i got upstaged in weirdness!!! after <propfirst> did the truffle shuffle like 10 guys come in doing the conga with their shorts above their belly buttons and their shirts tucked in!!! lol x] while viktoriya and i were skating last night one of the dudes comes up and tells me 2 take his hand and viktoriya tells me 2 do it!!! after that <propfirst> said who the hell was that!!! aka  it was a weird night!!!
tonight is definitally a night i would call spooky 
my dad is being a jerk   sad 
my sister is here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  i havent seen her since last year so i am very excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i definitally dont like april fools day! lol x] not fun!  playful 
i love spring break!  love   laugh 
"if i didnt love you than i wouldnt always be so happy to see you smiling at me when were together, if i didnt love you than i wouldnt always giggle whenever i hear your name, if i didnt love you than i wouldnt think that your my soul mate, if i didnt love you than i wouldnt feel like your everything i ever wanted and more, and if i didnt love you than i wouldnt be writing these words out for you "
happy easter peoples!!!!!!!!  smile 
<propfemale> never signed off of <propfirst>'s itouch!!!!!! so this is <propfirst> saying    wazzup peeps?!?!?!?!?!?!?
today i went to the mall with <propfirst>! and than i went back to his house and played his play station! lol aka i had an amazing time!  love 
i feel like a piece of crap right now   sad  ugh 
i'm at the ice creamery right now!!!!!!!  smile 
i am so freaking bored! ugh  and sad   sad 
i wish the last few days never happened   crying  than everything would b ok 
my life is crap right now   crying  i wish the problems would just go away   crying 
life is so complicated  u just cant make issues go away  that doesnt mean that im gonna give up  i want to see things out until the end 
ive never been this depressed before  i wish the pain would just go away 
its officially over  we are not together anymorer 
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca & 17,000 in il  new jersey, & fl are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy & paste this into your status "
"my wish, for you, is that this life becomes all that you want it to, your dreams stay big, and your worries stay small, you never need to <propfemale> more than you can hold, and while you're out there getting where you're getting to, i hope you know somebody loves you, and wants the same things too, yeah, this, is my wish    my wish by rascal flatts!  laugh "
the univese really seems to hate me this week    crying 
now ive lost my best friend too   crying   everything seems to just b getting worse   crying 
today is a pretty good day!  laugh 
"left school early for a dentist appointment! so just as i leave the school, the dentists office calls and cancels the appointment! lol x) so i got out of school for nothing! lol  wink "
im going shopping with viktoriya!  laugh 
im at <propmale> elementary with viktoriya and her sister playing on the play ground!  laugh  lol its fun!  smile 
i think i slept in just a little late! lol x] aka i just woke up! x]
hanging with viktoriya!  laugh 
"today we went to the village, the skate park, to <propmale> elementary and back home! aka we walked around town for a while!  smile  and it was fun!  laugh "
ugh stupid people r having a party like right next door  the music is so fucking loud!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ugh   sad 
"#1 best way to annoy my dad  walk right infront of his view of the tv, streatch really widely and than just walk off! lol works everytime!  wink "
i  love  <propfemale>!!!!                                love  viktoriya!  love 
its raining!!!!  laugh 
everything is better again!!!!!!  laugh  yay!!!!!!
i should not have listened to viktoriya! lol now ive gotta walk home alone!  crying 
im hanging with <propfemale>!!!!!!  laugh 
i am bored  ugh   playful 
i am so excited for <propfemale> right now!!!  laugh  eppppppppppp
im going swimming with <propfemale>!!!!!!  laugh 
this weekend is boring  ugh   sad 
what i learned today at the pool is that rachel+pingpong= disaster 
if i had known that this roller coaster was gonna b so scary i would have chosen a different one 
today is definitally a good day!  laugh 
i dont like being sick   crying  it sucks 
don’t wanna run on your command don’t wanna keep on commin’ back don’t wanna swallow all your lies wanna feel alive don’t wanna hold on to your truth don’t wanna keep on lovin’ you don’t wanna look through jaded eyes wanna feel alive we are dogs unleashed you and i we are dogs unleashed you and i  - dogs unleashed by tokio hotel!  smile 
i am so fucking pissed right now!!!!!!!!!
why is it that when ever i try to do the right thing that it always goes wrong?  sad 
today is definitally a good day!  laugh 
they cut the dance team that my friend jenn was gonna b on next year   sad 
"i know i have to find you now,can hear your name i dont know how,why cant we make this darkness feel like home?running through the monsoon,beyond the world to the end of time where the rain wont hurt fighting the storm,into the blue,and when i lose myself i think of you,together well be running somewhere new,through the monsoon,just me and you  monsoon by tokio hotel"
hanging with jenn and viktoriya!!!!!!!!  laugh 
my cousin <propfemale> is so amazing!  smile  i  love  her 
why is it that out of no where someone keeps trying to continue a fight that wasnt even theirs? it makes no sense 
turtle turtle!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
omg theres cheese in my iced tea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! o o
with to this walkathon thing at chabot elementary today with <propfemale> and <propmale>!  laugh  had so much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  and i ran into <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay   smile 
saw a movie called the losers tonight  was pretty good   smile 
3 lol so a bunch if teenage boys were looking at us like we r crazy  lol it was great   smile 
3right after we walk out of the theater my dad desided to dance around like a gorilla  lol so i pretty much tackle him and try to stop him  x) didnt work 
right afrter we walk out of the theater my dad desided to dance around like gorilla  lol so i pretty much takle him and try to stop him  x] didnt work  lol so a bunch of teenager boys were looking at us we r crazy  lol it was great   smile 
"why cant i know you? why cant i talk to you? why cant we be friends once more? i know we could be together, and i know im different on on the outside, but in still the same on the inside   - by me  lol its hecka cheesy but it fits "
today definitally turned out better than i planned   laugh 
tonight was definitally interesting     lol
omg there was this baby squirell that was following my mom and it was acting just like a puppy! and it didnt even try to hurt my mom when it climbed on her!  smile  it was very adorable! and than it tried to follow her into my house  lol x]
today definitally sucked   sad 
over you by daughtry  smile  pretty much sums up how i feel   laugh 
omg i had so much fun at the dance tonight!!!!!!  smile  i am now at the ice creamery with viktoriya and jenn!  laugh 
i hope i get to go swimming with zac today!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
going swimming with zac today!!!!!!  laugh  eppppppppppp lol  smile 
i had so much fun swimming with zac today!!!!!  laugh 
very shitty night   crying 
"bonjour, bonjour, bonjour, oh my god!"
tonight was amazing  smile 
ugh idk what to do anymore   annoyed 
i am so tired of this bullshit   crying  why cant people just b nice?
gonna go to the coast today!  laugh  gonna b fun!  smile 
ok that earthquake scared the hell out of me  lol weird part was that my cat was flipping out like seconds before it happened too  lol now i know why 
"if you like this status, i will post on your wall something i like about you  make this your status if you want a challenge "
going swimming today!!!!!!!!  laugh 
people should stop jumping to conclusions and assuming things that arent true 
ugh today was full of shit and depression  hope my friend stops saying shit that isnt true so we can finally b friends again  cuz im tired of all this   crying 
furbies are officially evil!!!!!!!!!
ugh stupid earthquake startled me 
going to the as game tonight!  smile 
on my way into the stadium i saw a guy holding a sign that said ''i am to ugly to get laid  please give me some money to get a hooker '' lol x)
"i love my cous <propfemale> soooooooo much!!!!  smile \2marro <propfemale> cruzzzz"
going to the <propfemale> cruiz beach board walk today!!!!!!  laugh  hurray!  smile 
idk the point in even trying anymore      i give up 
omg my dad found the cutiest and most tame bird today! lol its so adorable! and it knows songs too!  smile  to bad we cant keep him 
finally school is out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
im so glad that viktoriya and i r friends again!  laugh 
sleeping over at viktoriyas house tonight!  smile 
if making fun of me and hurting my feelings is how ur going to treat me than u obviously arent my friends 
gonna go see eclipse tonight!  laugh  yay!
if anyone says anything on my fb after i post this than it isnt me
ugh today is boring  sad 
today got so much better!!!!!!  laugh 
tonight was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i feel amazing!!!  laugh 
this night sucks 
<propfirst> m miller jr is a <propfemale> hater!!!!!!!! he wants to kill all the <propfemale>s in the world!!!!! meanie!!!!!!!!! lol x]
im so excited to go camping tommorow!!!  laugh 
im so happy cuz my sister finally got proposed to last night!!!!!  laugh  eeeppppppp!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
im hanging with zac!  laugh 
"going to the movies with zac, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>!  smile "
going over to amys house for a sleep over!!!!!  laugh 
i had fun hanging out with <propfemale> today  laugh 
"what do you see me as? : (1)crazy  (2)wish\we went out  (3)talkative  (4)sarcastic  (5)lovable  (6)sexy \(7)strong  ( smile dumb  (9)spoiled  (10)mouthy  (11)wild  (12)goofy \(13)funny  (14)awesomely awesome  (15)beautiful  (16)amazing  (17)cute (1 smile cant live without me(19)annoying(20)the best friend ever"
im going to go zip lining tommorow!  laugh  only issue is that im afraid of heights! x]
going zip lining today!  laugh  i just wish i didnt have to get up this early to go!
says zip lining is awsome 
at the board walk  smile 
"to let go is not to regret the past, but to grow and live for the future  to let go is to fear less and love more!  love "
im hanging out with zac today!!!!!  laugh 
im talking to <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
tommorow is going to be weird 
inbox only!!! tell me something you've always wanted to tell me  i'll keep it between us  post this as your status and see what you get in return   smile 
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their\battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this up\for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy\and paste  i did  will you? love to those who are in the fight   ??"
today on my way to my grandmas house my grandma drove through a red light right when a police man was behind her  the funny part is that the police man didnt even see her! x]
im going wake boarding today!  smile 
i had so much fun wake boarding today!!!  laugh 
i finally got my schedual!!!  laugh 
i had so much fun today!!!  laugh 
today was amazing  smile 
school tommorow  sad  wednesdays my birthday though  smile 
tommorow is my birthday!  laugh 
thank you everyone who wished me happy birthday!  laugh  i really appreciate it!!!  laugh 
i cant wait for tommorow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
tonight was simply amazing  smile 
 laugh 
i cant wait for tommorow!!!!!  smile 
hanging with <propmale>!
today was suprisingly fun  smile 
"put this as your status and see what people rate you : 1 = crazy, 2 = i'd marry you, 3 =talkative, 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = i'd kiss you, 7 = moody, 8= dumb ,9 = energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random ,12= hot , 13=funny 14 = fit, 15 = amazing ,16 = tough , 17 = cute,18=beautiful or      boss , 19 =nerd , 20= i'd date you, 21=i love you ?"
of course my night had to be ruined    again 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now 
typical that id end up sick  sad 
i am hoping to go to san fransisco with zac tommorow!!!  laugh  it would be amazing if we can!  smile 
finally the power is on!  laugh  being at my gmas with no power was creepy   sad 
just got my hair trimmed  smile 
<propfirst> m millerjr is a bully!!!!  playful  lol
today was awesome!  laugh 
this night sucks  annoyed 
im apparently married now x]
like this status and i'll tell u: 1  something i learned about u from looking at ur wall for 13 sec  2  the color u remind me of  3  my 1st memory of u  4  the animal u remind me of  5  something i've always wondered about u  6  my favorite thing about u  7  give u a weird nickname  8  challenge u to post this 
that maze took forever to get out of! x)
today was freaking awesome!  laugh 
weird day      but now life is good again  smile 
tonight fudging sucked   crying 
going to zacs awesomely awesome party!!!!!!  laugh 
tonight was definitally fun  smile 
so excited for the so you think you can dance tour tommorow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
seeing the so you think you can dance tour tonight!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
this is freaking amazing!  laugh 
jenn and i got the higher hunk at the so you think you can dance tour today!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
oooooo lightning  smile 
so far turkey day has been amazing  smile 
definitally have the stomach flu  crying  its painful!
ive finally been able to eat food! its a miricle that i finally can eat breakfast! :')
 smile 
life is confusing        playful 
i want snowflakes in my cow!!!!!  laugh 
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas, a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know most of you won't re-post this to your status, but my hope is that my friends are the few that do  in honor of someone who has died, or still fighting or survived cancer make this your status "
i just realized my neighbors have goats     awesome!  laugh 
i shall now and forever be in hippo mode!!!!!!  smile 
someone left hello <propfemale> earrings on my front porch! o o idk who it was but i wish i could tell them thank you    
ooooo lightning!!!!!!!  laugh 
zombies vs unicorns         i love this book even though all ive read so far is the title!  love 
the lunar eclipse is so pretty and i even saw a shooting <propfemale> go right past it!  laugh 
hanging with <propfemale>!!!!!  laugh 
going to denises house!  laugh 
i had soooooo much fun today!!!!!!!  laugh 
i still think of some of the fun times i had last year with old friends      but still life goes on and im not letting things from the past ruin my life when my life has been amazing the past few months  smile 
i want quackerdoodles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"something a girl never wants a guy she likes to say to her ''i like you <propfirst>  your like a man, you think with your nuts '' x)"
today has been amazing  smile  hanging with <propfemale> (airhead) and shantal (pudding) now!  laugh 
hacked crystals account  annoyed   love 
"girl: awww you got me roses for valentines day! how did you know i love them so much?\guy: oh i figured you were like every other girl i know  \girl: fuck you!"
a relationship without trust on both sides just doesnt work no matter how much you wish it did   annoyed 
lightning!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
