f5facd653ff8ec0cda0b4ba4cbd7cbf2
oh man that was a crazy night last night that new years <propfemale> and by crazy i clearly mean boring 
oh snap! <propfirst> <propmale> and parliament funkadelic concert upcoming! sweet  goin to that 
that was the fastest trip to the dmv ever  in and out in 10 minutes  chyeah!
is at the mountains 
<propmale> rubio to the thunder *fingers crossed* and <propfemale> kicked spain's ass!
noooooo <propmale> rubio to the timberwolves dammit!
<propfirst> went back to long island  crying 
is trying to finish his thesis once and for all 
playing time crisis for lack of anything better to do 
if anyone has any video game stuff they want to sell let me know i am lookin for anything and eerything 
pretty fireworks
's ebay account now has a <propfemale>! yay!
just got vib-ribbon for 5 bucks! i am so excited!
is defending m s  thesis on july 31st so i can officially graduate 
is defending on the 31st so i can finally officially graduate 
is defending his m s  thesis tomorrow 
is officially a master of science 
anyone need a place to live in philly in september? <propmale> and i need a third roomate 
is now the proud owner of 4943 <propmale> ave  in philly!
is excited to start at upenn in 2 weeks 
does anyone need a place to live in philly? i really need to find a third person 
starts at upenn tomorrow! wheeee   
"starts classes tomorrow! qmech, math for materials engineers, thermo, crystallography"
class is mad boring  i wish basketball would start or nba2k10 would come out  or both 
the cops arrested a ninja today in the mse lounge today at upenn  yes a ninja and yes that statement is true 
nano letters is publishing my paper soon confirmation today! chyeah!
"spain vs  greece, eurobasket semifinals @ 12 smile 0  <propmale> rubio, <propfirst> fernandez, <propmale> garbajosa, and the gasol brothers vs  uh greece  watch it!"
mayor nutter married my aunt today!
one more week and i will have my house in philly  i can't wait to stop commuting 
"i have discovered what going to class is useful for: a quiet time to do homework for another class  tomorrow, qmech in crystallo "
is getting the house in 4 days! it is finally almost here 
i'm pretty sure drexel still thinks i go here  i wish they would send me my degrees  sad   
settlement on the house tomorrow @ 9 am! movin to philly again! finally!
first night in the new house  hope its not haunted   
warriors vs  suns  i wish real basketball would start soon  17 more days   
thermodynamics has to be the most boring scientific field  midterm tomorrow 
"me and <propmale> moved 27,000 pounds of retaining wall block yesterday  yes, 27,000  320 block at 86 pounds  my back hurts "
is normalizing wave functions tomorrow morning  quantum mechanics midterm  last one 
cavs vs  knicks at mikey's 
"nsf research proposal  also, football is boring  sorry "
advisor liked nsf proposal (thank god)   minor changes and sending this shit off 
nsf app =  done! (finally!) i'm gonna have a beer now to celebrate 
halo ->e+m lecture -> mikeys -> basketball -> distrito -> videogames = eventful day 
woot! macromolecules accepted the paper!
"i am mad bored, does anyone wanna do anything either today or tomorrow?"
2 3 left
"party preparation  y'all better come we got alot of liquor and beer to drink that we must drink tonight, and i ain't doing it alone "
"thank you for everyone who helped out at the party and who came out  next time, we will do it even bigger "
my house is depressingly empty  sad  guinness + music = chillin
thanksgiving with the family   yay   
i now know how to knit  anyone want a scarf?
another reason not to live in jersey (as if you needed one): the nets  0-15 to start the season  worst 
the universe is a confusing and counterintuitive place 
"ugh, laundry, thermo, math, and crystallography tonight  weak "
"homework makes me sleepy, even at 1 smile 0 in the afternoon  anyone working on crystallo right now?"
"yo, homework is whacktastical "
"yo, homework is whacktastical  sleep over with <propmale> and <propfirst>! wheeeeee!!!! way for my house not to be mad empty for once, chyeah "
"goin out tonight, chyeah!"
<propfirst> gave a genious rendition of <propmale> <propfemale> tonight  y'all shoulda been there  music -> tao of wu -> sleep
laundry and misc  cleaning on my day off 
"monday, 10 am drexel bing <propfemale> phd defense, be there or be square  \e playful loiting polymer single crystals to assemble and functionalize nanomaterials\"" it'll be mad interesting """
take that program! i beat you while intoxicated! chyeah! (i hope its right haha)
kobe!!! fadin away covered off the glass 3 at the buzzer! holy shit! take that heat! i wish i had seen this game 
so begins finals week   not looking forward to it 
"schedule this coming week end: today: studying thermo 6-12 am  friday 9-6 studying thermo, 6-? holiday party saturday 9 a m  - 3 p m  studying thermo, 3-? math sunday: studying thermo  9 am  - 12 am  monday: studying thermo 9 am  - 12 am  tuesday: thermo test 12-2, getting wasted 2-? wednesday: studying quantum thursday: 12 - 2 quantum test  12  p m  - <propfirst> 10 drinking"
"thermodynamics is simultaneously reasonably interesting and atrociously boring at the same time  when i read about this stuff, i don't know whether to rejoice at the fact that we figured out something so useful like 200 years ago or fall asleep cause its soooo boring  353 more slides to go "
hahaha an interesting turn of events has occurred 
my gpa is going to be so screwed after this term  ugh 
"whatever, at least i am good at research  screw you gpa "
"music, sapporo, and <propfemale> <propfemale> shower gel to top off a whack ass day  i guess it could be much worse "
so   many   slides   omg
i now have insulation for my back wall so my pipes don't freeze  anyone wanna help me install it on tuesday?
this thermo test is either going to be super easy or super hard  i sure hope i guessed what he wanted us to memorize 
"cleaning, cooking, quantum, and c-laundry "
i wish my name was buckaroo banzai 
i bet khantha will switch up the classic particle in a cube problem with a particle in a hypercube just to throw us off  in which case i will be forced to make references to the really crappy syfy original movie cube 2: hypercube in retaliation 
spiced wafers ftw 
"yo i just bought a <propfemale> <propfirst> christmas album for the party, because apparently you want christmas music  y'all better show up to this shit "
is kind of buzzed and its all because: this is how we do it!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for all those that came out to the party!
my house has almost been restored to the <propfemale> it once possessed prior to friday's party and saturday's impromptu beer pong session  anyone want to mop my floors for me?
"i am sure, at some point, my family will understand what a phd is and what exactly i do in graduate school  although it has been 2 years and they haven't figured it out yet  *sigh*"
is jawning a jawn at the jawn for the jawn thats the jawn after the jawn 
got the jawn for his jawn for that jawn that's two jawns away 
french electro disco ftw 
when was it that rappers forgot how to rhyme and flow? new gucci mane album sucks except for the first song which is awesome 
<propfemale> christmas!
the clippers   suns game has become so boring the announcers have reverted to discussing college football instead of the game 
finally has a kettle  thank you christmas 
my back wall now has insulation  yay!
"if i were diplo, i wonder if i would be a lot better at dj hero?"
"<propfirst>'s plan to get diplo to dj at my party: lure him in with a gift basket of soaps, a custom made shirt, a dvd of maximum overdrive, and some philly shit  i think its a good plan  you hear that diplo? dj my party and its all yours "
may plan for this week: dentist -> dmv -> lab -> sleep -> lab -> sleep -> lab -> sleep -> airport -> new years -> sleep? -> lab -> sleep -> sleep -> sleep  this plan might be a little ambitious  especially that last lab 
anyone wanna see rjd2 with me in early march?
yo fuck northeast philadelphia  im fucking tired and that was a long ass drive 
"<propfirst> mercer is not cee-lo  unfortunately, danger mouse is still danger mouse  therefore, gnarls barkley > broken bells "
wakin up at ass o' clock in the morning to drive friends to the airport  maybe i just shouldnt go to sleep   
"whiskey, music, and nes  i guess it could be a worse new years   "
hasn't seen so many white people in one place since highschool  i hate white people  no joke 
aaaaaand       break is over *sigh*
yo did penn forget to pay the heating <propmale>? it's colder here than in my house 
is pretty sure ssdna is the winner 
actual lab work tomorrow chyeah  no more reading papers for me 
mmmmm tetrahydrofuran  that smell brings back memories  and probably cancer 
"poor <propmale> arenas, he got cut   from the nba  owned "
"is gonna buy a pair of $15 protege sneakers so i can ball like <propmale> harrington! cause, you know, <propmale> harrington is so good   "
thank you northwestern university for making my life slightly easier 
"fuck football, i am goin back to basketball after this game "
class starts on wednesday  worst 
"best scientific journal article title ever? \sonic hedgehog mediates the polarizing activity of the zpa\"""""
did i just miss a group meeting? everyone in my lab disappeared all at once  i am so confused 
hates being sick 
"class starts today, whackkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"
"got some drexel binders for my upenn classes  drexel, represent!"
afternoon alchemy  making gold  way cooler than what i used to do when i made iron 
ballin' with <propfirst> o after our first day of classes with the new <propmale> harrington kicks  bright red with white pinstripes chyeah!
new goal: translate voynich manuscript 
"class 'til six, whacktastical "
"random free drexel physics dinner ftw? best food ever, straight up"
israeli dubstep + lab work = a good time 
"sigh what a waste, i guess i'm coming in tomorrow "
standing in line at a shitty <propfemale> pub? umm   fuck that  early night 
"has to go to work so early tomorrow, ugh  making me come in before 11 is ridiculous "
stupid nature making it so difficult to make things anisotropic  grrr
laundry and lakers game  go kobe!
<propmale> <propmale> can make jump shots? guh?!
"anyone want to go to <propmale> lazer concert with me? diplo and switch, it'll be good "
beer + super nintendo = awesome
it's time to b-b-b-b-b-ball  basketball with <propfirst>  yes that was a yugi-oh reference 
"class until six, then happy hour til 8, then   ??????????"
drink beer much had hhahahahhahaha sleep 
???????????
????!??????????????
perhaps 3 bottles of wine was one too much   
aaaaaaaaandddddddddd     officially 3 bottles of wine is a bad decision 
jets better lose 
the jets really suck take that <propfirst> and <propfirst> 
"ummm is there like a hurricane in philly that i'm not aware of? cause if there is, tell me, i'll gladly go home and sleep in my cellar til it passes "
is going to pacers vs  sixers tonight  i have no idea why i am going to watch this game other than its free 
new goal: determine a way to digitize myself like tron 
"yay! my new computer, tv, and ram are all getting here today wheeeeee!"
anyone want to wait at my house all day tomorrow so these packages can get delivered? you can eat drink anything in the fridge as payment and i will give you 5 bucks  any takers?
<propmale> horror picture show ftw?
i wish i lived in japan or <propfemale>  so many good concerts coming up there *sigh*
"is waiting for ups  man, if ups didn't bring me tasty packages, i would really hate them "
"j d  salinger died today  really though, it felt like he died 50 years ago since he hasn't released a fucking book since the 60's  of course he's still considered like the greatest author ever for some reason, even tho he had like 2 novels  americans should learn how to write so this guy doesn't get stuck on american author g o a t  lists  we need another world war so we can generate some good authors "
"yay, i now have keys to my lab and office  seems like i shoulda got this stuff earlier   "
"celtics vs  magic, bottle of wine, and take-out, chyeah!"
"wtf ups, \we will deliver your package between 10 smile 0 and 5 \"" are you the fucking cable guy? jesus  mad whack """
yay it finally came in! took long enough 
"is about to read a book on  contemporary feminism  i am sure this book will be informative, and by informative i mean hilarious "
"umm so apparently my pipes froze last night  yeah, this morning was fun   "
feel like i just went on a snipe hunt trying to find this package 
come on memphis! beat the cavaliers!
"gah, i hate lebron <propfirst> "
thin film -> rubner talk -> sixers vs  bulls game -> finishing up phase transforms hw
yeah sixers! way to pull it out in overtime!
thinks langmuir blodgett technique might be the answer 
is trying to track down my advisor 
langmuir-blodgett next week  yay 
fuck the saints  this is why i really only like basketball  at least the lakers don't let me down 
anyone want to go to the nite <propfirst> or simian mobile disco or <propmale> lazer diplo concert(s) with me on february 15th march 13th april 2nd?
"man, classes might be cancelled tomorrow, this hasn't happened since 2004 "
"snow makes everything much prettier, even west philadelphia"
"thanks to the snowstorm, i can get through all this music i have  on the playlist today: the presets, lo-fi-fnk, keenhouse, <propfemale> gainsbourg, <propfemale>, and grafton primary "
is off tomorrow! chyeah! this is already more snow days than i had during my entire stay at drexel 
is shoveling snow @ 11 smile 0 sos i don't gotta do it tomorrow 
heavy rain in 12 days!
"come on <propmale> magic, beat the cavs! destroy lebron "
lab safety training 3-5  whack 
h o r s e  and dunk contest tonight  go durant and <propfirst> brown!
"all this dubstep, synthpop, nu-rave, and shitdisco made me forget about rap  it is good to be back  queensbridge represent! (nas > jay-z)"
"oh man, <propfirst>'s day, how exciting "
come on west! <propfirst> durant for all <propfemale> mvp!
"gah, group presentation tomorrow  i still have stat mech to do sigh  at least the pres  is short "
stat mech  stat mech  stat mech  stat mech  stat mech  stat mech  stat mech  stat mech 
group meeting -> homework -> dinner -> homework -> sleep
"doing all these thermo derivations makes me feel like gibbs, except you know, not as smart since he did this stuff like 150 years ago "
it is definitely a j-pop kind of afternoon 
lunch with my moms 
"new ghostface killah album, chyeah!"
happy hour -> quizzo -> drunken stupor (?)
bacardi o will deliver the coup de grace 
need to do lab work but i'm sooooooo sllllllleeeeeeeppppppppppppyyyyyyyy    
"sushi, beer, basketball, and j-pop  today is a good day   i didn't even have to use my ak "
drinking hennessy  this is some grown man shit straight up 
we got that <propfemale> pong table down into my basement by taking out my basement stairs  chyeah!
"stupid magnetic nanorods, why will you not do what i want you to do?"
"kobe baby, game winning threeeeeee  chyeah! black mamba!"
"yo, whackest snowstorm of the year straight up  i was promised 6 - 24 inches! i feel gypped "
"sweet free food in the office, chyeah  ggs random postdoc "
"bacardi o, snow, j-pop, and basketball  seems good "
ummm    fire a block away  reverted to the dark ages for like 6 hours  no power or internet  i hope that never ever happens again  i had to play original gameboy by candlelight to make it through  *shudder*
today's plans: finish putting in this insulation and general cleaning 
"mad decent party at fluid nightclub tonight 10 - 2, anyone want to go?"
"just jawned some jawn  now i am going to jawn a jawn and jawn some jawns, and then, probably, jawn to jawn because it will be late  (think of it as a mad lib)"
is reading about the polymer physics of breadmaking 
"nuggets vs  thunder, go thunder!"
"just e playful lained what a unified field theory is via a lord of the rings reference  i'm not sure what part is nerdier, knowing what a unified field theory is or using lotr to elucidate it   *sigh*"
devil's alley 7-9 happy hour -> club fluid mad decent monday's 10 - ?
ummm what is this upcoming tron sequel with music by daft punk and why am i just hearing about this now?
"ok, so according to current news, the knicks are going to get lebron, <propmale>, bosh and now <propmale>  all they need now is a good center or pg they can underpay and it will be the greatest team ever assembled that will still lose to the lakers in the finals "
science is somewhat confuzzling 
at least i am good at science  take that nanorods 
"umm   excuse me, do you have a glow in the dark wall in your house? no, you fuckin' don't  you know why? 'cause you are not as cool as me  so, step off, bitch  now i just need to make some led flashlights   "
"reminder! : party tonight at my house, 4943 <propmale> ave, philly, 9 pm - 3 am  music, beer, liquor, food, people  anyone, feel free to come and bring whoever you want "
thanks for everyone who came out to the party  it was mad fun!
"kinetics midterm in like 44 hours, guh "
ju <propfemale>'s use of cliches and (random) analogies is making me understand kinetics less 
zomg kinetics test tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"fuck gibbs, onsager, matano, and anyone else that had a hand in this test "
aaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnndddddddddddd    i can chill the rest of the week  guinness guinness guinness 
"dammit, why am i always so far behind on internet memes?"
"umm   apparently i am not on my advisor's mailing list and i have to give a presentation today, which obv i just found out about  wtf "
"my friend today asked me why i do a phd program  i thought it was a silly question, the answer seemed clear to me, i didn't think it necessary to respond, but i told him anyway: i do it for the women "
bottle of wine + sailormoon episodes = awesome? fuck yeah 
fuck usps  anyone wanna go to 55th and ghetto to pick up my package for me? free guinness in it for you 
snoop dogg and kid cudi at university of pennsylvania  april 16th  chyeah 
free drinks with the prospective students at blockley pour house and then the continental 
anyone wanna go see lcd soundsystem may 21 with me? 35 bucks? eh?
i have a feeling that penn transit is going to be more convenient than septa in getting me to my house 
"\you will read this and say 'geez! i could come up with better fortunes than that!' \"" ~fortune cookie  ummm   thanks for that useful fortune """
"gettin' drunk with architects tomorrow, chyeah!"
in soviet russia math does you! yo fuck this tkachenko guy and his magical calculus that makes no sense  stupid qualifier paper 
yo crazy night  i met diplo at a upenn design school happy hour  <propmale> out with some architects  had some sushi and went to a diplo major lazer rusko concert  oh did i mention i fucking met diplo?! pictures to follow 
"this weekend was eventful  met diplo, ate sushi, went to <propmale> lazer concert, got into an accident, ate chilean bbq, played <propfemale> pong, beat assassin's creed 2, had easter dinner with the fam "
someone decide for me: mirkin nature paper from 2008 or crocker langmuir paper from 2006 for my qualifier?
zoubek baby! chyeah!
"nsf: \this kid is a really good scientist that wants to push science forward and help people  he has a lot of talent  let's not give him nsf \"" yeah makes sense  thanks for nothing assholes """
fuck this shit  i am going outside 
"when i close my eyes all i see are combinations of a, t, c, and g and their compliments  stupid quals "
anyone wanna see m i a  and borgore with me in july in ny? <propfirst> mcgurty i am looking in your direction 
"i am dying my hair after quals (if i pass) please suggest colors, i haven't decided what i want yet "
met a sweet dog   el ten eleven concert   pbr-tastic bar   <propmale> lazer and la roux in the cab ride home   t i  vs  passion pit mash up   this night was on the decent for real 
slainte with <propmale> and <propmale>  chyeah  beers 
"\non-linear dynamics and statistical mechanics of dna\"" = the 41 <propfemale> paper i need to read and fake understand by monday for stat mech  umm   lame?"""
"ice cream with <propmale> and <propmale>  i got chocolate chip cookie dough, <propmale> got mint chocolate cookie, and <propmale> got cookies and cream  mmmm ice cream!"
waffles!
boo no waffles  crying 
is now an e playful ert at protein folding after reading this paper  i swear i am   
must   finish   group   meeting   presentation 
*sigh* no quals extension for the phds 
worst presentation ever  ugh 
is asleep 
presentation in 2 5 hours 
presentation complete  girl talk  and nerd tonight  chyeah 
"to lcd soundsystem: thank you for making an album exactly like your previous album, which is exactly like the album before that  your lack of innovation is wholly refreshing  while other bands change style to keep ahead of the curve, you realize all these stupid indie kids will buy the same regurgitated crap you've been producing for years "
"to s  t  milner: i have no idea who you are, but you are a polymer physics pimp  thank you for making this quals shit easier "
dear fire drill: thank you for wasting 15 minutes of my life that i will never get back 
damn you <propfirst> der waal! your interactions are annoying 
it is a sad fact of life that such that such perturbation schemes are slowly convergent (if at all) 
"suck it derjaguin, landau, verwey, and overbeek  i so just pwnt your equation "
being at school from 9 to 9 and having to miss a happy hour at triumph = whack  fuckin quals 
design school happy hour -> snoop dogg + kid cudi concert
ggs trapezoid method 
yo snoop dogg takes forever to come on wtf
curiouser and curiouser 
lakers vs  thunder! go    umm    either? so torn  kd vs  kobe  durantula vs  the black mamba doberman kyra sedgwick 
"thunder put up a good fight  durant needs to find a way to score against artest  also, the rest of the team needs to get going offensively  really good defense though "
oh shit  today is 4 20  shouldn't i be like super high or something right now?
ggs biswal model  chyeah  just need to add dlvo  so close          
r i p  guru from gangstarr 
must fix code   must fix code   must fix code   
can nothing be easy? really? like wtf 
"no whammy, no whammy, no whammy, no whammy   stop!"
earth dayyyyyyyyyy    what a stupid holiday  i am gonna pollute like a motherfucker just to spite it  take that earth! the repercussions of my actions will only be felt by my children hahahahahaha 
"i am coming for you crocker  your model is going down motherfucker  dlvo bitch, maybe you've heard of it? perhaps you should take that into account? gonna fuckin' smoke your ass  only wish you could be there "
thunder baby! wooooooooooooooooooooooohhh!!!
is minimizing free energy like it is his job 
slightly drunk -> quals
i am quickly coming to the realization that i am spending way too much time preparing for quals and way too little time being exceedingly drunk  must reverse trend 
"oh man new mc <propfirst> album  at least 3 songs are about bounty hunters from <propfemale> wars (ig88, dengar, bossk) which means it will probably have 3 good songs "
goooooo thunderrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!
thunder vs  lakers tonight  i guess i want the lakers to start winning now 
"i love how, in the context of protein folding, it is easier to describe something random than it is to describe something nonrandom  seems counterintuitive to me "
"so apparently, i have to sit through an asher roth set to get to girl talk tomorrow  ugh  worst  that's like sitting through a bazaar royale set before wu-tang clan  "
"despite asher roth, guidos, and being in newjersey (i guess the last two go hand in hand), the girl talk matt and <propfirst> show was really good "
coffee -> stat mech paper -> dinner -> stat mech paper -> lakers thunder -> stat mech paper 
"all right stat mech paper, you are getting fucking finished today no matter what "
"yay, finally done this goddamn paper  now i just have 2 finals, a final presentation, and my qualifier  ugh "
ummm fuck lrsm and its lack of ac  it is fucking hot up in here 
brain hurts  must study phase transforms  blargg    
"oh shit, new ratatat album  gawdamn  lp4 bitches "
"nature is boring, i wish, just one time, it would try to maximize free energy just to be different  i am sick of trying to find the minimum "
boo stupid test gonna make me miss the lakers game  blargg 
"zomg final!!!!!!!!! wtf is a time cone?! is it like a pine cone?! idk! ahhhhhhhh!\blargg"
"i have been going about this phase test the wrong way  since the grades are relative, i just have to do better than everyone else, or contrariwise, everyone has to do worse than me  clearly all i need to do is break everyone's hands and feet so they cant take the test and i, being the only able bodied one, will prevail "
"phase final is fucking finished chyeahhhhhhh! now just presentation, qual, interfacial test  so close to doneeeeeeeee "
"blasting mad jams in lrsm like its my job  come by to 432, we will have a flash rave or something "
fuck you stat mech! why will you not end?!?!?!?!
"two more weeks, omg, two more weeks  needs to end now "
"well, at least i am done  presentation coulda been better "
qual paper monday -> interfacial test tuesday -> qual practice talk wednesday -> qual the 18th  closin in 
"<propfirst> hore with the vote of confidence for my qual, chyeah!"
ahhhhhhhhhh! qual!!!!!!! zomg! fail! zomg! its gonna hurt!
i just fucked crocker up  his calculations were whack 
"man, this thing is easy to write when i don't need to look up references   "
my paper is going over 20 pages and they can like it 
"mmmmm    taco <propfemale> and coffee, part of a balanced breakfast "
qualifier paper done  studying interfacial now finally 
i just learned that pliny the elder was an interfacial scientist 
"on a scale of 1 to 10, my understanding of the rayleigh instability is a 7 "
"oh snap, my committe was chosen: <propfemale>, <propmale>, girifalco  anyone know if the last guy is hard? i think i know who he is "
"in linear stability analysis, i drop r^3 dependencies like they are h o t "
yo ggs two <propfemale> cheat sheet + needle point pen for this interfacial test  i wonder if theyd let me microetch notes on the paper and bring a microscope    
"look at me, i am every first year but <propmale>, i have a night off tonight bobobobobo  must be fuckin' nice  yes, i am very bitter if you could not tell  <propfemale> murphy <propfemale> yingying chen <propfirst> o'reilly <propfirst> <propmale> aspetti pavan nukala i wave my fist in your general direction "
"man, fuck this class, i know this shit  dlvo, rayleigh instability, gibbs thompson, gibbs duhem  i fuckin' smoke that shit  i am going to sleep  peace bitches "
"zomg last final! omg omg omg  i appeal to the ghost of derjaguin to do well on this test! help me derjaguin, you are my only hope!"
"the ghost of derjaguin guided my hand, and a 100 was most likely gotten on that exam  apparently if i prepare, things are easy  this is quite a novel concept for me "
epic fail in t-minus 2 5 hours 
i could be at the flyers game tonight   sigh
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
"clearly, i should have taken more cbe courses   *sigh*"
man the cavs losing almost makes this day ok 
may have one last option  *crosses fingers*
monday at 10 a m  will decide the rest of my life  that shit is hardcore 
haircut   at my mom's
"concerning \the sum of all fears\""\",f5facd653ff8ec0cda0b4ba4cbd7cbf2,man <propfemale> <propmale> is pretty good 
j-pop -> nas -> cut copy ->rusko -> caramelldansen
is about to listen to some k-pop  chyeah 
new goal: learn korean  <propfirst> russo i am looking in your direction to help me out here 
"sly and the family stone on soul train, chyeah "
"so like, apparently it is asian-american month week or something  so, 1) shout out to anyone i know thats asian  no <propfirst> russo and <propfirst> pope that does not include you  2) comcast has mad k-pop to view, so i am going to check that out  3)????????????"
the middle of this <propfemale> monae album is pretty good 
"<propmale> carter: half-man, half terrible "
12 hours until i know my fate  let's hope it is a good fate and not a bad fate 
"it is out of my hands now, hopefully it will all work out "
man number 2 pick gawdamn
let's hope the wizards don't screw this up like they did before  who is the 2010 kwame brown?
"<propfemale> yingying chen i blame you for my horrible descent into the realm of k-pop  4minute, t-ara, <propfemale>, after school, girl's generation omg i have been listening to so much bubbly music my head is going to e playful lode!"
"well, since i am drunk, i might as well do lab work "
new glitch mob and <propfemale> monae albums are pretty good 
the feel of nitrile against my hands is one of only two things that makes me truly happy 
successfully turned gold salt into gold nanorods  i am an alchemist! yay!
must make nanorod linkages reversible  anyone wanna teach me uv vis?
my reversible materials aren't very reversible   annoyed 
"i am not sure wtf is going on in my neighborhood, but i have been hearing cop cars and helicopters for the past 2 hours "
"what a surprise i am the only at lab today  *sigh* you know what they say, \no rest for the weary wicked etc \"""""
uv vis why must i have to run you so often?!!?!?!?!?!?
"when in doubt, drink beer "
i have learned 2 important things this weekend: 1) in philly you will get a parking ticket even when you still have time left and 2) rajon rondo is really really really good 
is doing a crash course in inorganic chemistry 
oh man lost is over  this is quite possibly the greatest day of my life  (yes i understand that sounds very very sad) 
"hm   perhaps chewing gum while in lab is not a good idea, my teeth hurt   "
"dammit, i am missing dances with white girls at club fluid tonight, fuck  i wish this shit was advertised prior to today  fuckin' mad decent"
is hooking <propfirst> <propmale> aspetti up with some k-pop 
"wow, worst  data  ever "
the quid pro quo for this shit going down was me spilling coffee all over myself  i guess i will take that trade any day 
"anyone interested in any of the following shows: passion pit (june 27th), la roux (july 29th), chromeo (july 27th), seu <propmale> (july 28th), mgmt (august 25th), pavement (sept 27th)?"
i just got a sex new lab coat  chyeah  i know you be jealous 
is surprisingly drunk 
is now the master of secretarial services for gseg! boom!
"uv vis  all day, every day "
is doing lab work   prepping the playlist for the party 
"this is by far the nerdiest music mix i have ever thrown together for a party  hits: mk soundtrack, k-pop j-pop, an mc <propfirst> song (?!), random mixes of videogame songs, and miley <propmale>, boom!"
just saw a pack of cosplayers outside lrsm  didn't recognize any of the characters  i am outta touch 
"oh snap, they cured ebola? ggs "
"i am such a giant nerd  i am getting excited about ordering textbooks  like, really really excited  like, the anticipation is killing me excited "
<propfemale> <propmale> is the kobe <propmale> of women's tennis
my next five days: work -> meeting work -> work party prep nba finals -> work party -> hungover 
"omg i ordered my textbooks! zomg!!!!! so excited! 2 on dna, 1 soft matter, 1 biochem, 1 self-assembly, and 1 molecular bio  oh man i am a nerd "
is exceedingly lucky 
i have two invites to what cd if anyone wants them  only if you are serious about it  i will hook you up with one 
"screw you guys, i'm goin' home "
omg air conditioning!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?! so excited
is going to go fail at science some more  stupid uv vis 
lakers v  celtics tonight at 9! zomg! exceedingly excited  go lakers!
hates acetonitrile 
lakers baby! take that celtics!
anyone wanna help me set up for this party tomorrow? free pizza for anyone that does! <- an offer you clearly can't refuse 
will never look at pocky the same way again 
is for some reason watching a movie that can best be described as stomp the yard on rollerskates  oh and t i  is in it for some reason 
my advisor reminds me of <propmale> goldblum in the fly (before he turns into the fly obviously) 
"lakers v  celtics, tonight  be there or be square  lakers ftw!!!!"
omg its early why did i get here at 8 ioawrsuhfghdgfkhfgkjhdfg
"i have two tickets to the phillies game tonight for free if anyone wants them  dollar dog night i think  anyway, let me know, game is at ~7 "
group meeting -> lab -> home -> dinner -> ???
free phillies tix to tonights game  does anyone want them?
dna is cool 
"\working with dna\"" is the most basic book i have read since i read <propfirst> <propmale>'s it in 4th grade  zing!"""
is a dumbass 
i may have went slightly overboard with these textbooks    
"just got hooked up with chemical engineering textbooks, zomg i am so fucked  lol time to study all summer  sad "
yay no more hockey!
i think i am going to make the permanent switch to purple nitrile gloves as opposed to blue  they accentuate my eyes more 
"godammit, i just spilled dithiol all over boots  fuck! i need some new boots now sigh"
lab work   soccer
uhoh  it is time to play final fantasy xiii and be sorely disappointed  40 hours of ultra linear gameplay here i come!
yeah korea! way to beat those greek fuckers 
drunk ffxiii
"quick, name your top 3 female k-pop singers that originated in an all girl group, but now have solo careers  mine are annoyed 1  uee from after school\2  narsha from brown eyed girls\3  hyuna from 4minute"
go japan!
japan!!!!!!1
is switching between reading about reaction kinetics and reading about molecular biology 
has the cbe transfer form in my hands  just need 3 signatures  hope this shit goes official soon 
is hunting professors 
"new borgore ep dropped \borgore ruined dubstep\"" a more apt title i could not think of """
how is this game at 0-0? really brazil? you can't beat north korea? jesus 
go chile!
dear mass transport textbook: thank you for compounding the complication of the subject matter by insisting on using english units  no one knows wtf a poundal per square foot is anymore  thank you for living in 1960  douchebags  -<propmale>
fuckin' apple  what are you taking cues from sony on your launch? way to completely fuck it up 
south korea  crying 
my chemical engineering classes are more materials sciencey than my materials science classes  makes no sense 
fuck <propfemale> 
lakers motherfucker! take that j a  adande you traitorous douchebag! fuck the celts!
what a whack offsides call  shoulda won that game 
go japan!!!!
"although thabo sefolosha and <propmale> federer are my homies, i am gonna have to support chile in the game tomorrow since i have like a \friend\"" that's \""chilean \"" even though <propfirst> <propmale> aspetti is not as cool as the above two dudes """
"ok this dubstep shit has gotten out of hand  i liked dubstep, but now that like every crumb bum and raggamuffin is doing dubstep remixes (<propmale> <propfemale> does not need a subpar dubstep remix thank you) i am quickly becoming sick of it  *sigh* guess i will go listen to illmatic a couple hundred times  at least that never gets old "
<propfemale> chile!
"grr    damn you nanorods, stop hindering my progress "
go south korea!
south korea!!!
oh man i am going to be at lab mad late tonight  stupid wednesday morning individual meetings 
"arg    you colloidal gold ass motherfuckers  why can you not be more rodlike? i already gave you better sodium borohydride, what more do you want?! gah!"
"usa!!!!! beat algeria, whoever they are "
usa! way to beat algeria!
anyone wanna see the rapture and holy ghost with me (and possibly <propfirst>) tomorrow at voyeur? 10 bucksssss    open bar (?)
japan!
curiouser and curiouser   
i think the great nanorod drought of june 2010 finally ended  finally 
is excited to play with his rods tonight 
fuckin' u s  now all i have to root for is japan and chile 
"damn i am so torn, brazil has awesome music, but chile has umm     chili? i guess i will root for chile while listening to baile funk and it'll like even out my support for both countries "
aaaaannnddd soccer sucks 
there is a roach in the lab  i blame dr  winey's group  dirty ass motherfuckers  that means you <propfirst> o'reilly 
new big boi album pretty good so far  the fourth song has a sweet beat its on some like ratatat tip 
"argh these rods are like spoiled children, if they don't get their way they curl up in a ball in their room and refuse to come out (i e  they aggregate, fall out of solution and cant be redispersed) "
"ok so, anyone wanna go to south korea with me in december?"
omg where will lebron go! wherever it is i guess they will do really well in the regular season and then lose in the second round of the playoffs  thank you lebron for singlehandedly destroying most of the teams who dumped all their players to try to sign you and for helping all the other teams get awesome discounted players and draft picks  go thunder!
mmm    indian version of coca-cola    not so good 
"is going to attempt to learn some korean  <propfirst> russo if i know more korean than you by the time i visit you, you should be ashamed!"
got to see the fireworks (all of them) from the roof of some old factory  plus <propmale> and <propfirst>  plus mexican food  mad cool 
totally just tried to order a veinte iced coffee at dunkin donuts  stupid starbuck's lingo 
"yo fuck this holiday shit  why the fuck isn't anything open on campus? i just want to get some lunch, goddamn "
i bought some videogames from some random dude on the corner mad cheap and with a little cleaning they worked great! chyeah! time to play some mega man x 
"man if this works, science is dumb "
"my advisor wants me to not only disprove one of the most accomplished polymer phsyicists of recent times, but disprove 30 years of hard scientific fact  also, i have 3 weeks  wtf  i already have 3 projects going "
new m i a  album dropped  checking it out now  let's hope it doesn't suck 
may be super awesome at science  will know in an hour 
"oh man, thursday 9 pm lebron decision television special  seriously? ridiculous "
apparently made some janus nanorods  chyeah 
let us hope <propfirst> the psychic octopus is wrong  go germany!
12 hour day x2  ugh  <propmale> want sleep now  4 hour tem session tomorrow  *sigh*
zomg  lebron  where will he goooooooooooooooo?!?!?!?!?
using the tem by myself for the first time at 1  hopefully i won't break it 
"the mse dept at upenn is whack  sorry but its true  they are like the fifa of graduate school programs, mired in the 1950's "
"man, i hate polymer physicists "
got my new phone! its so pretty and apple-y
good soccer game  lots of scoring  and germany won  the octopus continues its streak of correct picks 
"the octopus is 8 for 8 in world cup game predictions  weird  also, that game sucked "
"omg new student orientation at drexel, anyone wanna crash a drexel party tonight?"
oh shit! <propmale> fisher is back! chyeah!!!!!! lakers!
"stupid rain, i hope my basement doesn't flood"
"this e-603 album is right good, <propmale> album is pretty boring, new gucci mane, cfcf and l-vis 1990 on the docket next "
thf is magical  like really it makes no sense  it dissolves everything 
my tem skills leave something to be desired 
so apparently if i want to get published in journal of science i just need to make a simulation with erroneous assumptions that makes cool pictures  please see 9 june 2000 vol 288 science <propfemale> 1802 for details 
all this scrabble playing has made me want to play scrabble  anyone wanna play?
no one likes playing scrabble with me  crying 
"so i put my hands up, they playin' my song, the butterflies fly away  noddin my head like yeah movin my hips like yeah  i got my hands up they playing my song i know im gonna be ok yeahhhhhh its a party in the usa  party in west philly 9 til ? check it  call me or <propmale> for the infos"
rain is whack 
inception tonight at 7 chyeah 
new <propmale> lazer ep out! lazers never die  cop it!
individual meeting with my advisor  yay  hopefully something i did was useful in some way 
science! (yeah its not really that exciting despite the exclamation point)
guess i should get some work done          
scrabble is like totally the best game ever made  or something 
<propmale> barnes to the lakers? whaaaaaaaaaaaa?
fuckin' magnets 
i wonder if i can make my nes into a top loader   i wonder if that would make it more reliable 
i live!!!!
i guess i should go to work before it pours sigh
"epic tem session tomorrow, 8 until 1  then group meeting presentation 3 smile 0 to 5  going to be a long day "
obvs the tem is down when i need to use it  at least i can get breakfast now 
"i am giving a ~50 slide talk on my research on nanorods today  i know, be excited   avoid it at all costs  i wonder how many ppl in my group i can put to sleep? the over   under is 3 5 i am going to go over "
wtf  apparently there is no group meeting today  why did i spend all this time on this presentation?!
mmm    1 5 tesla magnets  i am going to go wipe some hard drives and shit 
oven thieving motherfuckers  grrrrrr 
yo <propmale> artest is fuckin' nuts  playin' dodgeball with random motherfuckers lol  i wish <propmale> artest would come <propfemale> out with me 
yay    individual meeting day with my advisor  man i hate wednesday  meeting of death  -> work -> haircut -> inception 
"somehow turned 5 minutes worth of information into 45 minutes, plus i had two good ideas  very few results this week, but successful meeting none the less "
"i dont give a fuck, a million dollars, i'm a samurai "
this maimi heat team doesn't seem as bad as i thought it was going to be  too bad they still have no size  go lakers and thunder!
"hm    should i play <propfemale> megami tensei: persona 4 or xenogears  crazy high school set in modern times social sim rpg or crazy traditional rpg with allusions to <propfemale>, nietzsche and freud with swords, magic and mecca? so torn "
got my pipes fixed -> mad decent block party -> gseg meeting drinking -> bitch i look like goku  eventful night 
work  let's see if i can make this a quick trip  floating off films -> prepping tem grids -> finishing group meeting presentation -> persona 4
tem until 1 -> lunch -> finishing group presentation -> group meeting at 330 -> persona 4 
tem gave me a sexy result  chyeah! at least 1 of the 4 samples i did today was useful 
"group meeting presentation went reasonably well  it wasn't as long as i thought, which was good  i answered some questions  i wish i got asked more questions though  sad "
"i am doing something cool in lab today, but its like only 50-50 it is going to work  i am crossing my fingers!"
oh man  ggs math  way to make this shit make sense  polymer physics ftw!
is officially a chemical and biomolecular engineer today!
chyeah  <propfirst> durant is on the new wale mixtape  more about nothing  cop it 
yaos! no individual meeting tomorrow! huzzah!
my advisor wants me to outline a paper! i am so excited!
yeah not gettin anything done today 
acronyms shouldnt start with p unless p stands for poly  i just totally whiffed on an e playful lanation cause i thought pcbm was a polymer 
is stuffed with korean meat 
"hooray, the day is almost over  undergrad -> outline -> meeting prep -> dinner beer persona 4 "
obvs the last thing i did today was get splashed in the face with auric acid  (its not as hurtful as it sounds) 
meeting with prof  daeyeon <propfirst> @ 3 to talk about research  i hope it goes ok   i don't sound like an idiot 
"meeting with prof  daeyeon <propfirst> went well  he seems excited  i am excited  hopefully, i can work with crocker too  collabos! yay science!"
new <propmale> album chyeah 
going into the city tonight i think? gonna drank or something 
my advisor isn't here this week  truck i get my coffee from is back  quizzo tuesday  <propfemale>'s lab on wednesday  tem friday  shapin up to be a good week 
man this new <propmale> album sucks  crying  i am going to listen to <propmale>tron 3030 to remind me of <propmale>'s goodness 
hm    the fume hoods are down  not sure what i am going to do today   
oh man totally seeing yo yo <propfemale> tomorrow 
sweet totally just got a nes top loader for 50 bucks! yay! i can play nes games again!
"oh <propfemale>n, the hoods are working again  the japanese cart is back  i am seeing yo yo <propfemale> tonight  i am excited "
yo-yo <propfemale> motherfuckers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! boom!
"it is raining today, so my <propmale>s should work  i feel like i am some 15th century alchemist that can only make shit on certain days and under certain conditions  \rain portends good <propmale> making!\"" once again this proves that nanoscience = alchemy """
gedanken time!
silver nanowire synthesis and secretive things today  i pray to god this works  if it does then i am the fuckin' man 
anyone have a spare couch or loveseat or whatever? i need one for my room 
i made some sexy fuckin' silver nanowires today  they are like the sexiest thing ever  they are like the 2005 <propfemale> <propfemale> of nanomaterials 
meeting 9:45 - 10 smile 0 -> langmuir blodgett 10 smile 0 -4 (?) ugh definitely gonna need more coffee 
"composto liked the nanowire idea, he was \very excited \"" trying to do lb now """
new klaxons album
"fuck lab work, i am doing my summer report today "
"fuck, almost out of iron oxide rods "
i sure hope those are fireworks i hear outside   
wants to go to a kpop concert  anyone know of any occurring in philly in the next like year and or where to look up such information?
hooray! no <propfirst> <propmale> aspetti for 2 weeks! we should have a party!
umm   there was a live action sailor <propfemale> tv show? why the fuck am i just learning about this shit now?!
"fuckin playing quizzo tomorrow  please, if you want to play you are invited  we need more people "
anyone want a really nice cat? it is very friendly!
looks like i am getting a <propfemale> cat  any name suggestions for a male cat?
2 more weeks until class  i am sooooo fucked 
usa vs  greece basketball right now  on epsn com watch it 
"yeah, thats right  suck it greece! team usa fucked them up "
tem today  i will soon know if what i have been doing for the past 2 weeks was a waste of time of not 
i think my advisor is mad at me 
i don't know how motherfuckers get published in good journals like science or nature by writing this dreck  makes me so angry
95% of music should be <propfirst> in french 
"ugh, classes start next week  so fucked  4 grad courses + 2 weekly seminars + lab work + 1 biweekly individual meeting + 1 weekly group meeting = a horrible next 4 months "
"el ten eleven sept 17, ratatat october 6th  anyone wanna go?"
i like how my first day off of the summer occurs on september 1st 
"anyone want tickets to the eagles jets game tomorrow? section 219  i got 2, 25 bucks a piece, they are normally 70 "
"fuck penn freshman  makin it take like an hour to get my goddamn coffee  also, new rule, if you have never been to a starbucks before, you are not allowed to go to a starbuck's cause you are retarded and make it take forever  like i agree the starbuck's lexicon is whack but learn the fuckin lingo before you go in so you don't fuck up my day  fuckin stupid ass motherfuckers "
chyeah! finally done my summer report for composto! 35 fuckin pages  ugh 
lost to 4 5's last night  ugh  terrible 
"heavy rain, this shit is crazy  also, it is set in philly  very exciting "
first day of classes as a chemical engineer  ugh  at least no cbe seminar today 
"30 minutes spent talking about what a <propfemale> product is, does not an interesting class make "
ugh  i feel like crap  stupid woo-woo shots and four loko and mystery shots and whiskey shots and beer and margaritas and bourbon  man i drank a variety of things last night 
"usa vs  turkey (the home team), gold medal game  2 p m  on espn  <propfirst> durant vs  hedo turkoglu  should be good  go usa!"
"and after a long hiatus, i am returning to lab work  yay!"
yo fuck 9 a m  classes  all classes should be after 10  or they should just do away with them  i think the latter is the answer 
must finish hw before el ten eleven (official) concert  uarajhdjhslefrhsehfj
homework -> dinner -> g lounge
thermo = done; kinetics = 2 3 done; transport = 90% done; math = fuck math 
my kinetics teacher has wayyyyyy too much energy in the morning 
class -> gseg elections -> hw -> lab work -> sleep
"my kinetics teacher reminds me of some weird amalgam of mr  ponisciak and mrs  ponisciak (two old lasalle teachers)  he has like the driest sense of humor ever, but hes fuckin bouncin off the walls when he teaches like he just stayed up three days on some amphetamine bender "
homework is straight whack 
man who woulda thought toluene didnt dissolve scotch tape? whack  so much for the low tech solution 
omg this math hw is sooooooo tedious  soooo much unnecessary algebra 
man upenn is the roachiest school ever  roaches fuckin everywhere  i hate roaches 
homework -> lab work -> meeting -> homework -> class -> home work  not lettin homework back up again thats for sure 
"tomorrow night, dj sega and friends at medusa, all dubstep sets (dj sega's set = clubstep!) anyone wanna go? i think its at like 10 or something "
"despite all the rain and all my freaking out, there was no water in my basement when i woke up! maybe this shit is finally fixed?"
oh man sexy comsol multiphysics so excited 
ok i just figured it out  this das racist mixtape is like what <propfirst> miller would produce if he rapped  its like aes rock combined with mc <propfirst> barman and a self aware wikipedia  i am dubbing this ref hop 
"man, gorte just gave the shortest and least informational e playful lanation of debye-huckel theory ever "
"oh man, thermo test in 2 days  since this is my third graduate thermo and 5th (or 6th) thermo class over all i should be pretty much set for this test, right?"
"so, new nrc rankings of phd programs came out recently  upenn: 16th best program in the u s  in materials, 9th best in chemical engineering, 5th best in bioengineering  maybe i shoulda switched to bioengineering lol  also, take that mse! cbe is better! reppin' cbe for life, chyeah "
"mossssss is back with the vikings  also, commencing thermo studying "
"thermo test today  i am either going to smoke it or do mediocore  i highly doubt i could fuck up thermo at this point, right? i mean i have had 5 thermo classes  one would think that would be enough   right?"
man fuck thermo 
fuck g-lounge 
totally just saw my old roomate on law and order  <propfirst> thal  imdb him  he was a cool dude 
new lil <propmale> is pretty good 
"ok, lab work  boom "
tasty free dinners at my aunts tonight  mmmmm dinner 
man it feels like spring out 
fun impromptu tuesday night bachelor party 
just got robbed  no joke
"oh man, over one standard deviation above the average on my thermo test  boom  three more to go "
"studyin kinetics, 70 more pages   3 more chapters to go "
guess i should study   
kinetics test in 30  ugh 
"5 hwks, 2 tests (200+ pages of material each), 3 happy hours, and lots of lab work all in the next 8 days  this week is going to be action packed  also next wednesday night  drinking  everyone is invited  i'll buy y'all a drink "
gah  idk if my midterm grade in kinetics is bad good or ok as he didnt post the statistics  ugh  guess ill find out tomorrow 
i saw the first years taking yi-wei's test this morning  i laughed a little bit to myself as i walked past 
happy tonight 7-9 @ devil's alley  you should probably go  tasty beers 
"i like how chemical engineering has a happy hour just because we took the transport midterm  so, either the cheme dept is like super generous or this midterm is going to be  so horrible we will need to immediately get drunk  i am going to go with the latter "
dc dt + v*dc dx laugh (d^2c dx^2) + rv  there are 180 pages devoted to this equation that i have to know by wednesday 
"my prediction for the transport test: 3 questions  1 on fft (finite fourier transform), 1 involving perturbation theory and 1 scaling problem with a set up that we have never seen before "
"math midterm tomorrow, transport midterm wednesday  i am gettin super drunk on wednesday if anyone wants to come out "
"done studying math, i guess  its either gonna be really easy or super hard  continuing transport studying "
math exam in 4 hours  <propfirst> carchidi your father better not have made this exam hard 
"math test  i am doing the whole thing in pen, hope i don't mess anything up "
"math test complete  seemed fine, hopefully i didnt screw anything up  now onto transport   "
nba starts today  lakers v  rockets  should be awesome 
transport test tomorrow  annoyed  it is totally gonna suck 
transport test in 5 hours  i like how the last midterm is by far the toughest 
ahhhhhhhh transport test in 40 minutes omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg 
umm yeah that test sucked 
"as ridiculous as this sounds, the new jamiroquai album is pretty hot (at least the first 2 tracks)  if that name sounds familiar he did virtual insanity, which was also hot "
coffee is the most useful thing ever invented  just sayin' 
oh shit new kid cudi album! cop it!
man lakers not named kobe can make threes now? seems dangerous  lakers baby!
"barbary was fun  three different floors of music (the third floor was playing like 80's italo disco which is the best genre of music ever btw)  also, <propfemale> streisand by duck sauce is the greatest club song of all time  just sayin' "
"chyeah, lunch with the composto group today at w playful n  free lunch is the tastiest "
new cee-lo album out  cop it!
afm -> thermo -> dinner -> transport hw -> basketball -> sleep
yo this cee-lo album is awesome  no joke  cee lo green - the lady killer  cop it!!!
"theres like a 90% <propmale> im gettin my transport test back today, which, incidentally, means there is a 90% <propmale> i am going to fail today and a 90% that im gettin drunk at the bar at 4 "
wow slowest grader ever  we are going to have another midterm before i get it back wtf 
"man afm is whack, sorry its true "
mmmm    empanadas are here  so good!
anyone wanna come the sixers bucks game on the 19th of november? it's only 5 bucks let me know i'll get the tickets 
so apparently my house is 58 degrees i totally thought it was around 70  maybe i'm getting sick   
"man, new kid rock and <propmale> matthews albums today? must be my lucky day   "
made the first cut and is not gettin' kicked out of cbe! (at least not yet until i get my transport exam back) 
is helping <propfirst> build his computer  and by helping i mean just playing music for him as he builds it 
i wish engineers weren't illiterate 
gapsa happy hour at city tap in an hour!
my h-index has increased from a 0 to a 1! i'm coming for you einstein!
dinner and maybe a couple drinks at mad4mex at 8 tonight for my birthday with some people  let me know if anyone wants to come out  you are more than welcome 
i have never been happier about receiving a 49 on a test then i am now  fuck you transport class i totally smoked your average!
"finally have all my midterms back annoyed kinetics: 66 (avg 72 7 + - 15, ~b b-); thermo: 71 (avg 57 + - 13, ~a); math: 89 (no curve, ~b+ a-); transport 49 (avg 42 + - 12, ~b+ a-)  certainly better than last year  homework -> mad mex -> cuba libre tonight "
thanks for coming out everyone!
old <propmale> white ppl are grilling outside of lrsm  i guess there is a penn football game today  i totally wanna steal their burgers 
pacquiao baby!
chyeah! new girl talk album today! cop it!
"mmmm my moms made tasty pizzelles, they are delicious  que <propmale>!"
carchidi's class is snore-tastic  thermo test tomorrow 
"i've said it before and i'll say it again, this new girl talk album is awesome "
is not looking forward to this thermo test  annoyed 
"yo so i have a bunch of sixers tickets on sale for five dollars ($5) if anyone wants any, hit me up  its for the game this friday "
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!
new <propfemale> minaj and <propfemale> albums dropped? must be my lucky day   
"sixers tickets, 5 bucks let me know if anyone wants some  my department has a bunch (~24 left) and they arent really selling all too well "
<propfirst> green today  word 
does not feel like studying for transport
"ok so i have 14 sixers tickets, section 204 row 7 or so, 5 bucks a piece for the game tomorrow  sorry for spamming the facebooks but i need to sell em "
chyeah  we got a new first year  i am no longer the low man 
apparently alcohol + hookah + pulled pork sandwhich at 1 a m  = cure for the common cold  who knew?
"well i have wasted my requesite hour, so i guess i should study  transport test monday  this is the equation i will have to know and love: rho(dv dt + v <propfemale> (grad v))=-p+mu*laplacian(v)  mmm navier-stokes"
my advisor's party was fun  tasty food  cute <propfemale> cat  nice house  providing more incentive for me to be a professor at a good university 
marathon made getting to school a total clusterfuck this morning  got a sweet parking spot though so i guess it evens out 
transport test tomorrow  ugh 
"transport test in like 4 hours, shit is straight whack!"
"my score range for that transport test is something like 15 < my score < 75  i def got 15 points and i def lost at least 25 points (75 really is probably an overestimation, but whatever)  what a <propmale>  fuckin lazzara "
hookah + beer + burger may have made up for the trauma caused by the transport exam 
daft punk - tron soundtrack dropped today! cop it!
afm is snoretacular 
so thermo prof  gave us three choices for topics to cover: solution thermo fugacity or electrostatics debye huckel theory or polymer thermo flory huggins  what do these ppl choose? fuckin fugacity  most convoluted thermo topic ever  whack 
lakers baby! <propfirst> brown is good now? boom  lakers staff must be amazing 
the good thing about being in two departments? two holiday parties  mmm free food and beer 
wants to drink tonight  does anyone else want to drink?
happy thanksgiving  ummm why is it snowing?
godfather is on  chyeah 
man american news channels are awful 
"is now the proud owner of a kinect, an xbox 360, and a surround sound system  may have went slightly overboard on an impromptu shopping outing "
presentation monday ugh  party friday!
"man these afm images look really shitty  sad   also they don't make so much sense, why am i seeing more rods on a postively charged surface when the rods are themselves positively charged? gah  i hate afm "
"party this friday   we got a pinata in the shape of a pokemon, a keg, a gin bucket, tons of liquor, a cake and like 60 people  you should come "
man worst presentation ever  annoyed   i suck 
party this friday  we got 63 ppl comin so far  zomg 
is debating whether to actually read the chapters for this test or if i should just redo the hwks and memorize formulae? i think the latter may be a better use of my time 
"for some reason, i have a midterm tomorrow, even thought it is like 2 weeks from the end of the term "
new simian mobile disco? this week is slowly getting better 
just lucked out 
"had en epic battle with a test this morning, but i think i came out on top "
this guy talks like <propfirst> walken
man the world hates on the u s 
so much for taking off tomorrow morning  sigh 
"sadly, i had to break down and turn on the heat to warm up the house a little bit for the party tomorrow  hope to see everyone there!"
getting a transport test back and a meeting with my advisor today  ugh  regardless of what happens with these two things at least i am guaranteed to get super drunk tonight 
thanks to everyone for coming out to the party! we had quite alot of ppl over the course of the night  still have alot of beer left though  it was very fun  happy birthday again to <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> and myself 
home lab work -> belated birthday dinner -> home lab work -> sleep
finds it hard to believe that upenn doesn't have a course on alchemy 
not a good day to get back tests apparently 
apparently its <propmale> waits's birthday today  i'm gonna listen to nighthawks at the diner whilst i tem 
7 hours on the tem and i only got 6 out of my 8 samples done *sigh* 
yo this term is almost over  fucking finally  4 more classes + 4 finals is all that stands between me and lab work  huzzah 
autographed kobe all-star jersey from 2003 = awesome  ggs birthday present 
fine! i guess i will start thermo now  geez 
"must not sleep, must study for finals "
"to all mse first years: good luck on your exam  don't fail  and by don't fail i mean it is inevitable that you will fail, try not to fail too badly "
"dokaka has a full length (and by full length i mean 85 songs) album out? when did this happen? also group_inou is the best japanese rap i have ever heard, its like if passion pit were jap and rapped "
needs more beer 
hardcore studying starting tomorrow 
new go! team album  cop it 
i hope 24 ounces of coffee is enough to get me through studying thermo and transport today 
"yo i hate ju <propfemale> for making me think thermo is hard when it isnt  i fully understand everything related to fugacity, excess and residual properties after studying it for like 30 minutes  when ju <propfemale> taught this shit it was impenetrable  so either, riggleman is an awesome teacher (not bad but def not awesome) or ju <propfemale> is awful (most likely) "
*sigh* 24 ounces of coffee wasnt enough  starbucks -> coup de grace-ing thermo -> indian food -> eagles   cowboys game
guess i should study transport 
is pretty sure it is time for the percolator 
is sick of studying transport maybe i will switch back to thermo 
"new <propfemale> album (<propfemale> yingying chen should get it), new lil <propmale> single leaked, and beegees anthology  good day so far "
"is basically done studying for thermo, a day early! more time for  transport after tap house "
me and <propfirst> m  deen are pretty tight now  also i need some new music 
good luck mse first years on your thermo test today 
finals are whack  snow is whack  korean taco trucks closing early is whack  this day is turning out to be super whack 
fuck this shit  bout to take my first final of the term  cant wait until this shit is over with  4 to go 
so uh thermo was pretty easy  unless i royally fucked up of course  transport tomorrow 
transport will be over forever at 2 p m  today  so excited  i have never had a class cause me so much anguish and trepidation 
"wow that was umm the hardest test i have ever taken, i guess i should stop hating on ju <propfemale>  definitely didn't do that great, but hopefully im around average  i am getting a beer and some lunch "
new ghostface killah leaked  also new <propmale> mansell  cop 'em!
got me a camus novel  gonna read it  feels good to take a break from studying 
studying kinetics math
"man penn is mad nazi-ish, i can't check my grades until i fill out course surveys? ridiculous  anyway i got to use the word hugger-mugger so i guess it evens out "
hmmm sushi or indian for dinner? decisions decisions 
brief aside from studying  question: why is there a band called hype <propmale>? and why is the first track on their debut just a slowed version of the pokemon theme song with a new beat which sounds like something rjd2 threw together on a bad day circa third hand <propfemale>?
<propfirst> <propmale> aspetti is <propmale> over for the first time  i am so proud of him!
yo wtf is going on in this eagles game? werent we just down like 20 points or something? i wish i coulda watched this 
i guess i am done studying kinetics? have to finish up math  2 more finals  this shit needs to end quick sos i can gets drunk 
wow longest gorte test ever  one more final! omg omg omg omg 
<propfirst> carchidi your father is a <propmale>  that final was ridiculous  fuck  makes me almost not want to get drunk   almost 
cleaning my desk -> end of semester research report -> christmas (yeah i don't have a lot to do this week) 
man i hate advisor pop in so scary 
"man, gorte is a machine, how the fuck did he grades those tests so fast?"
is watching soul train  chyeah 
"is going to attempt to learn korean in preparation for the summer  anyone want to recommend a good grammar book? i already got <propfemale> stone korean, i just need like a book "
i am the only one here in my lab today  crying   even the foreign students didn't come in 
does not want to do this semester research report  ugh 
omg i got a b in engineering math! suck on that carchidi!!!!! totally thought i was gonna get a c in that class cause of the final  phewwwwwwwwwwwwww   
man the magic look pretty good  this team might go pretty far in the playoffs if hibachi aka agent zero aka quick draw mcgraw aka <propmale> arenas doesnt like destroy the locker room (either with guns or his negative attitude) 
<propfemale> christmas 
the knicks are good now? must be the end of days 
i liked snow until philly started threatening me with fines if i dont shovel my walk 
is finally done with my fall semester research report to my advisor  only 2 days late!
price is right  chyeah 
cee-lo green is the greatest musical artist of the last 20 years  just sayin' 
the eagles arent playing very well 
"beat dead rising 2 and bayonetta  so red dead redemption, uncharted 2, or mass effect 2 next? decisions decisions "
is watching k-pop videos on demand  chyeah 
*sigh* back to work  need to prep samples for the tem 
is gettin a new tv  chyeah 
was almost outsmarted by ikea furniture 
needs to get better at chemistry 
meeting with advisor from 4 smile 0 - 5:15  what a whack time 
thank you <propfirst> hore !
lakers vs  suns  i e playful ect a blowout  go lakers!
tem 9 - 4 
wishes lazzara would post the transport grade already jeez  how long does it take to grade this shit?
"man, wine gets me mad fucked up "
apparently some dudes from harvard reversed aging in mice  perhaps de grey is right and in 30 years we can extend our life spans 10 fold  i call first dibs!
"pitching the idea to advisor went pretty well, surprisingly  i have to come up with an idea of how this project fits into my thesis lol "
oh shit  mad decent monday with diplo this monday? anyone down for club fluid monday night?
go seahawks! fuck the saints 
mad decent monday at fluid tonight  diplo is spinning anyone wanna go? 5 bucks?
ggs polymer physics
diplo tonight @ fluid nightclub tonight with <propfirst> <propmale> aspetti <propfemale> mehaffey and <propfemale> bollwage  
hollertronix is poppin in this bitch 
wow diplo set it off!
is taking a day off 
wishes i was jesus shuttlesworth 
is glad that meteorologists are retarded 
yo wtf class  aren't i done with you yet?
is ordering chemicals from a perfume company? yes  take that sigma aldrich 
ahhh why the fuck am i still here 
viewing
just ordered a new tv!
is wayyyyy more drunk than i thought i was like 10 minutes ago  damn you <propfirst> sweeney!
marshawn lynch needs to enter the cheat codes for 'beast mode' asap 
receivers on the sea hawks need to learn how to catch 
"ugh, literature review tomorrow  blah "
"on the plus side, if the jets win the superbowl i get 50 bucks courtesy of <propmale> donnelly"
"man there was like no one on the trolley this morning  its almost like its a holiday today  wait, why am i at work again?"
"dock street has a new ale called \prisoner of hell\"" that is really tasty  i highly recommend it """
man the magic love jackin' up threes 
where the fuck is the trolley been waitin for like 30 minutes 
"so, you are going to announce final fantasy xiii-2 (which, if history repeats itself will be awful, please see ffx-2) but you arent going to say anything about ff versus xiii?! gah!"
new tv is bein delivered on thursday! so excited  anyone wanna come over and watch some movies or something?
apparently drl blew up or something  take that physicists!
has 4 months to learn all of undergraduate chemical engineering  seems easy    
is going to new york this weekend?
party  yes 
why do i have group meeting today?
sold my old tv  chyeah 
research is going soooooo slowwwwwwwwwwww 
this portlandia show is funny 
man what's up with this snow? tem -> lab -> seminar -> meeting prep 
apparently what i was speculating for months was proven to be true today  thank you prof  stebe 
<propmale> mirkin is the man  i love this guy 
im not really sure why i just shoveled  my hard work has already been destroyed 
"is at work, but i couldn't really tell you why "
yo gseg happy hour at <propfirst> pistola's  at 6pm if anyone wants to come out me and los are workin the door 
"is at work, but i would much rather be asleep "
is watching blade runner 
damn i was hoping <propfemale> na woulda won this 
doesn't feel very well  need to run like 8 million e playful eriments today  *sigh*
"late lab night tonight, langmuir-blodgett all day tomorrow as well as meeting with my advisor "
please don't aggregate again little nanorods *crosses fingers*
breakfast -> lb -> meeting -> lab -> home
totally got into both composto's lab and <propfirst> <propfemale>'s lab before anyone else  chyeah 
science takes a really long time 
made half a liter of gold nanorods today! #productivity
is exceedingly tired for some reason 
miami vs  <propmale>  lakers vs  spurs  chyeah  good basketball tonight 
first friday tonight  chyeah 
*sigh* half my nanorods didn't come out right  guess it is good i made so many 
please don't de-link or aggregate little nanorods  *cross fingers*
is watching casino royale 
rootin for the steelers only to win a bet  i feel so dirty  go steelers i guess 
this is why i should never bet on anything  stupid steelers 
damn it's nice out  smells like spring even in west philly 
selling tickets to gseg chinese new year dinner at levine cyber cafe from 12 smile 0 to 2  come by if you want one or want to visit me 
"is hustlin' in levine hall  just sellin' tickets, gettin' money, and makin' the greenbacks "
got a replacement penncard  sweet 
wow <propfirst> west just missed the easiest layup i have ever seen lol 
apparently the subway is straight up closed  anyone know what's up?
back to the old drawing board  stupid nanorods 
hood internet mixtape volume 5! cop it!
had a ballin' idea for how to make these rods do what i want  too bad i have class and can't try it out until 11  grrrr 
"*sigh* end of an <propfemale>, manthan is moving out  crying "
one more control e playful eriment to prove this stupid thing worked  zomg 
"yo, we goin out tomorrow  who is coming?"
oh snap mubarak finally stepped down  took long enough  #power of the masses 
is not feeling so good  sad 
stomach virus and my heat doesn't work? best day ever 
"well at least my heat works, but he insulted my tv and charged me a lot  so i guess i lose  i am going to attempt some soup now  crossing my fingers it stays in my stomach "
"hooray, i am no longer sick "
is still at lab  sad 
<propfirst> <propmale> aspetti is serenading me over text message  be jealous  or not  probably the latter 
totally just dispersed <propfirst> <propmale> aspetti's wire in my polymer matrix!
"these tem images make no sense  the physics tells me one thing and the e playful eriments tell me something completely different, either i am seeing new physics (not bloody likely) or i am missing something "
"man, how do you lose to the cavs? really lakers? i could beat the cavs i mean c'mon  sigh "
lab -> laundry -> dinner -> spurs v  bulls -> sleep 
and i cannot believe that worked  hooray!
is going for a walk 
heard some dubstep on the radio drivin up to my moms  weird  guess it's going mainstream 
sigh  guess i am going to lab mad early tomorrow  i blame <propmale> 
going to jersey inspires strange happenings  looooooong day 
nba all <propfemale> game tonight! very excited 
group meeting tomorrow? damn i gotta finish this presentation  sigh 
man west philly is dead at 6 am 
"ok, i think this presentation is pretty solid  done early for once "
"yay, my heat is fixed (again)  not that it matters as i probably wasn't going to run it anyway "
"oh shit, melo is a new york knick? lol what a bad trade "
"ugh, i hate fourier transforms  why am i learning this again?"
sweet we get a physics postdoc (?!) at our chemical engineering seminar  i am excited despite her (?!) talk title using the same word twice  everyone should go  3 p m  wu and chen  free coffee and doughnuts 
the amount of physicists in the audience scares me 
that talk was disappointing  *sigh*
"like, don't tell me to buy 3 books if you aren't gonna teach from them #crocker is nuts   just sayin   now i have 4 stat mech books which is exactly 5 more than anyone needs "
talk by the writer of my favorite polymer physics textbook today  i hope it is good 
ummmm wtf are the celtics thinking? at least my thunder got better: perkins + nate robinson to thunder for kristic and <propmale> green 
is totally gonna recruit a bunch of chemical engineering students to join my department  #cbe  love 
food was good chyeah 
showin' perspectives around the lab today  exciting 
"i hope i get this question on my qualifier (it is actually from one from 2003): \what is the definition of an ideal gas?\"" lol i think i can answer that one!"""
sleeppppy
making rods + uv vis + preparing films + analyzing tem images =  long day 
my dentist is completely insane 
"sweet, thunder extended perkins' contract  very exciting  this starting 5 is pretty awesome  geez "
"tem images don't lie, i am getting some tasty statistics  too bad this is the most tedious thing ever *sigh*"
"chyeah, early day  i am totally going home soon "
"class -> lab -> lunch -> lab -> seminar -> lab -> dinner -> meeting prep  if you ignore every other one starting at the first lab, then my day is pretty awesome!"
oh man the volume fraction for all these samples is actually consistent? sweet  #not messing up simple math
the room has more profs than phds wtf
meeting prepppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
individual meetings with my advisor cause me much unneeded stress *sigh*
yay my advisor thought my images were awesome  hooray  overall a successful meeting  now i want to go home haha 
joint gseg + social policy and practice happy hour coming up soon  be on the lookout 
yay! my e playful eriments are repeatable  ok im going to sleep now  zzzzzzzzzzzz    
going home  dinner -> shower -> public house 
lab -> cricket (!?) -> sitar lunch -> ???
is doing laundry and watching good will hunting 
"my mother just responded to my email with the word \kuel!!\""  i am so confused """
yo this data is mad whack 
man that group meeting took forever 
dentist -> h-mart -> ???
lab and then sixers vs  thunder tonight  chyeah!
the sink in my lab smells like fish  it is not pleasant 
"sixers vs  thunder with <propfirst> <propmale> aspetti, xiaowen tang, pavan nukala, and <propmale> donnelly!"
hmmmm   i wonder if dmf will work   
"is on the tem for a few hours  as uv vis was inconclusive, this is going to make or break my hypothesis  hopefully, i get great images "
is pretty sure that worked 
yay my advisor is excited about the images  now i don't feel like doing any more work lol
study study study study
class -> study lab -> lunch -> study lab -> dinner -> study 
nitrile gloves are ludicrously e playful ensive 
diplo is coming to penn this friday?!?!?!?!?!?! gwahhhhhhhhhhhhh? why was i just informed of this today!
is going to diplo on friday! boom! so excited 
man i hate septa  stupid detour through the ghetto took an hour  i could have walked faster to penn than they got me there  geez 
"since i know nothing about ncaa basketball, i made a program to predict the outcome of all the games to fill out the bracket for me  f4: duke, kansas, ohio st , florida "
this test tomorrow is either going to be super easy or super difficult  my money is on super difficult 
thank god thats over 
is pretty sure my advisor should be at this talk   
is currently tied with obama in my bracket on espn 
13 for 14 right now in my bracket  ill probably be 14 for 16 by the end of the night  take that obama!
 love  diplo  love  today at 8 
is still tied with obama *sigh*
29 of 32 correct  still tied with obama 
go kentucky!
go florida!
go sdsu!
go pitt!
and once again pittsburgh screws me 
yes! totally beating obama in my bracket  take that!
diplo tracks + <propmale> <propmale> coding + coffee = pretty solid afternoon 
