ce33e7bb02399ee2dec6efdaeef7372c
happy new year! wishing everyone a wonderful 2010! lets hope its a lot better than '09!  smile 
is excited about <propmale> potter 6     who's seeing the midnight show? i love nevel  smile 
is going to magic mountain on sunday! whoo hoo for the new terminator ride 
is having a beach bonfire at bolsa chica next friday night (the 24th) everyone's invited! hope to see you there!  smile 
"is bored, summer is better when you're a kid  now i want to work just to get out of the house, how lame is that?"
blah
my niece is gorgeous!
cant sleep  boo
"is bored in mississippi  it's full of giant bugs and roadkill  the airforce base is cool though, lots of hotties       mmmm, <propmale>   playful "
"misses disneyland with jaycee and <propfemale>, sushi with <propfemale> and newcastles at the back alley with <propfemale> "
"i'm coming home tomorrow! not sure how i feel about it  i miss home but i actually dont mind mississippi either, scary "
"i'm home! yay california         damn, now i gotta look for a job "
it's a beautiful day! i hope everyone is out enjoying the sun  smile  happy labor day 
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, or know each other that well, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised what people remember about you "
damn it's hot! who has a swimming pool? im coming over    
love = wasabi peas  smile 
goodbye <propfirst> swayze  sad   rest in peace     why are all the awesome people dying? cant we get rid of the <propmale> brothers instead? jk
what amazing job can i get that will allow me to travel all the time?  (actually travel) and not just to and from la in traffic everyday     any ideas  smile 
hates cal state fullerton university
do you know that the bird is the word?
"went whale watching yesterday  smile  saw a little bit of whale and a whole lotta dolphin, with some sealion thrown in too  overall a pretty awesome day    i recommend it  playful "
the new fantasmic dragon at disneyland is awesome! sadly <propfirst> disappeared during the finale     maybe he went on break early 
nothing is on my mind 
"\don't cry because it's over  smile because it happened \"" \""you are you  now isn't that pleasant?\"" -theodor geisel"""
"\be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind\""    -dr  suess"""
is going to disneyland today!       happy 27th birthday <propfemale>!
"\a day without laughter is a day wasted \"" <propfirst> chaplin"""
haha     zombieland was awesome! go see it!  playful 
"\ do not spoil what you have by desiring which you have not; but remember that what you have now was once among the things you only hoped for \"" -epicurus"""
is bored     what's an awesome horror movie i can netfilx?  anyone?
"cant keep up with all of these game apps anymore    my brain is turning to mush    i cant remember wether to feed my fish, buy some stilettos, fire a park employee, shoot a crime boss, plant some pumpkins    or just <propmale> it all and play bedazzled "
has had a busy week      yay for whale watching on sunday 
"\the way you treat yourself sets the standard for others\"" - s  friedman"""
holy crap    paranormal activity was the scariest movie i have ever seen    and i had to drive home alone   in the dark  sad    wow 
yay! no jury duty tomorrow 
is on a quest to find <propfemale> mountain     
i dont think i like this live feed crap    
"i think when i die i would like my ashes loaded on a rocket and blasted into orbit  then, in a few years i can reenter the atmosphere as a shooting <propfemale>        or     have the carbon extracted from my remains and shoved into an industrial press and turned into a diamond    hmmmm"
happy halloween! hope everyone has a great night!  playful 
would like to live in a pineapple under the sea
is in vegas today! whoo hoo!
"shake, shake the ketchup bottle   none'l come and then a lot'l"
oh yea! i made $7 off a quarter in vegas!     i'm a high roller!
how did we meet  everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on ur profile  you will find it amusing how u met ur friends on your profile 
mmmm spaghetti and spice cake
what should i go watch tonight       2012? or fourth kind?
"is thankful for wonderful friends, a gorgeous new niece and an amazing family  smile "
"has finished all her christmas shopping  all gifts are wrapped, tree is up and decorated and the house has lights    ahhhh busy friday "
seriously?  one week till christmas!
whats up with all the celebs dying this year?! it's getting kinda creepy now   well we have 9 more days till new year    think we can keep the rest of alive till then? i worry for future entertainment     we there be any left to entertain us?
"hey all    hope you've been nice and not naughty, cause <propfemale> knows karate!"
have a <propfemale> jolly christmas!  joyful 
working on the <propfemale> bowl parade floats tonight! so much fun   
"retro week! everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (lol) we all were!!! come on peeps, let us see all those great pictures!"
i have some diem to carpe
rain is wet  sad 
"wow, this rain is insane  i love the lightning and thunder, but my pets are running all over the house in a panic  i wish i had a fireplace    a hot chocolate, snuggie and a warm fire sound great right now   smile  hope everyones keeping dry "
beautiful day! why does everyone have to work on a day like this    
"if you have a best friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin, love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults copy and paste this to your status!!"
monster trucks tonight! whoo hoo!
packing up the whole dang house today! were being tented! and im being kicked out for 3 days       off to san <propmale>!
"yay! my sister, brother in law and niece will be here on saturday! i'm beyond excited! i wuvs my mantha!"
is considering making a burrito    mmmmmm burrito!
im thinking <propfemale> in wonderland at the imax     who's interested?
welcome to the world little man! grae <propfirst> tate! born today friday march 5th 2010! 8lbs 1oz  21inches and gorgeous! congratulations to my very dear friends jaycee and zach!
<propfemale> in wonderland     awesome characters   eh movie
earthquake?      what earthquake?
vegas next weekend! whoo hoo!
"finally working again, and im already tired of it    ready for my next vacation  playful "
i need me some french toast!
happy earth day! think ill go eat something green      
mmmm sushi
      off to the gym     hoping to get my swimsuit outta retirement soon 
i thought you were supposed to feel good after a trip to the gym    why do i feel like hell?
<propfemale> wars day? really?
"jamaica! you are sooo close, yet so far away      "
happy mother's day!
got my passport today!
got in a car accident today! im ok but my trunk is all jacked up     i have a really horrific headache  the damn guy just hit me and ran!
purchased my tickets to jamaica today! now its official and oh so stress relieving 
"back from vegas, had a nice weekend with my sister  i got to see my niece which is always wonderful  smile "
"girlfriends, sake and skydiving = one awesome weekend  smile "
jamaica countdown       17 hours till im sipping lava flows on the beach of ochos rios jamaica and watching my friend get married!   whooo hoo!
margaritaville <propfemale> maker    how i love thee
is thinking nap time is a swell idea 
"is craving a krispy kreme jelly filled doughnut chicken sandwhich  yes, you read that right "
new metalocalypse tonight!!!!! whhoooo hoooo
"i'm mister green christmas, i'm mister sun, i'm mister heat blister, i'm mister 101    friends call me heat miser, whatever i touch starts to melt in my clutch! i'm too much!"
beautiful day today    so cool and refreshing 
had an awesome girls day       massages by scary people in little saigon and hanging out in tank tops at disneyland during a downpour! besides pneumonia setting in i had a great day! thanks stephie!  smile 
10-10-10!
"      goes to work and the gym, then work again and then the gym again      and today no work but going to the gym for the second time today  wow ive become a very dull individual    but my butt's looking cuter  smile "
off to zumba    wish me luck 
i crave a cheeseburger and chocolate milkshake         mmmmm
loving my new blackberry!
going to vegas tonight to take my niece trick or treating!
waiting for <propmale> potter! yay!
the deathly hallows was awesome!!!!!!! go see <propmale> potter! go now! cant wait for part two!!!!!!!!!
dear santa: i would like a <propfemale> ticket for christmas 
"dear santa:  nevermind  i want the winning lottery ticket for christmas, thanks  you may forward my winnings to my home address "
sitting on my lunch break with steph and watching this woman drive into the exit side of the <propfirst> in the box drive through     lol
it has now been 5 minutes and she is on her 10th attempt to back out of the drive through  lol best lunch break ever! ha!
"dear santa: make it easy on yourself, just send cash "
i want really want a cheeseburger  damn you mcdonalds commercials!
i would like to own a car that isnt retarded
"i don't get \check in\"" why does everyone post where they are 24 hours a day?  can i check in at"""
maybe ill just check into cash
my day off finally! yay!
"damn tetris battle! been playing for hours, think i'm getting carpel tunnel"
