68c9c14bd674369961ca39d21fa964ed
happy as can be
welcome to the thunder dome bitch !!!!!!!!!lmao
"i love my country but the people in charge are fuckin morons, thats my comment for today   smile "
dam i need a job 
i have a big burrito!!!!
it puts the lotion on its skin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
please dont send me game requests   i do not have the time to mess with them  world of warcraft takes up all my game time   thanks
i like hotdogs
"don't know whats going on , and don't care"
what i didn't hear that!
wooo hooo <propmale> is dead  now we need to get rid of the rest of the senate  that means both sides!!!!!!
im tired and in lotttsss of pain woo hooo lucky me lol
got school today hoo haa
go bama go on saturday i so happy football is back!!!
woo hoo bama won hehe haha im loven it
today is a new day with new problems and new broken dreams   
im so happy that fl state lost hehe 
goooo steelers
"im seeing things for the first time in my life, for what they are"
bama 4-0
gigity gigity
i cant w8 for bama to kick uk's ass come on game
what what what thats right bamma 5-0 bitches
roll tide 6-0 oh hell yea !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"im mad as hell at the hacker that hacked into my wow account and ganked all my stuff, id like to take a sledge hammer to their fingers,and turn their bones to dust"
"ok what the hell is wrong with <propmale> <propmale>, coach needs to bench his ass for the rest of the year"
"the new hatebreed cd is the best one yet  if you like metal , you need to get it now!!"
well back to world of warcraft!!!!
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you will be surprised what people remember about you!"
bama 10-0 whatcha gona do
"come on <propmale> <propmale> you big pussy you have to tackle the dude running the ball , not jump out of the way you jackass  "
bama does it agine im ready for next weekend
bamma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wins sec wooo hooo
bbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
im ready to watch bama whip some ass tomorrow  woot woot!!!!!
bammmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa wins nat champ hell yea
dam no more sec football im sad now i need a new excuse to drink beer
dam you farve!!!! way to go
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using four words or less, what would you say to me? copy and paste in your status and see what funny things your friends say  (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status "
im hurting dam you gym but its worth it
"fjmjrtuj,kedhjuhde5 ujed5uy6uuji6rty7ue43y63e6yehyuujnvhjnchse5yw4yt5eyhrthu5trhuyfhryh5rtyhe5ry5re"
wassup
"well i just wiped it out and stepped on it at the gym, the one time a say something  about a chick at the gym its to her boyfriend lol  boy was he pissed, its a good thing im a big ass dude he left the gym after my comment"
school sucks
if you are brave     copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative  4: sarcastic  5: loveable  6: moody  7: dumb  8: spoiled  9: mouthy  10: random  11: hot  12: funny  13: sexy  14: amazing  15: beatuiful  16: cute  17: generous  18: smart ass 19: flirt  20: a friend
"please copy  paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head so do us allone solid smack someone now "
wow my pecker grew to 10 inches today
im tired
dam what a shity day my dog died today
what
what didn't hear you!!!
this <propfemale> will self destruct in 5 sec!!!!
yo yo yo yo yo yo whats up ya bastadidges
yes on break from school!! no more tests for a few weeks
[]d [] []v[] []d
don't make me show you my pimp hand!!
i got a bad head today thanks to my budy mr> jacky d n coke
i got my truck back together and i hit the timeing just right runs like a beast now woo hoo
!@#$%^&!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&**&^%$#@!
dam dog chewing up the lazy boys in the living room i had to spank her ass for that one  i think she will think twice about doing that agine     this puppy shit is getting very old fast 
feed me semore
"bitch\ make me a sandwich! lets get to 100 likes!!! invite friends,      \ill even make you admin if you do!"
bla bla
dirty sanchez was hear
dam school spanish and algerbra !@#$%^&
spanish class is fun algerbra sucks no wonder i had a headace all day yesterday 
"on this memorial day between beers and partys make sure to honor the heroic men and women  who have given their lives to keep out country free  may your haert be filled with memories, gratitiude and peace  also remember to thank a vet because they served for you "
buelman out
good weekend so far woo hoo
"it's tradition for the u s  president to lay\ a wreath in arlington national cemetery at the tomb of the unknown \soldier on memorial day     but it won't happen this year  the president\ is taking a vacation to chicago!!! way to show respect to those who \have given their life to protect this nation! if you agree this is \   wrong, copy and post it to your fb page!    now that is just \terrible!!!"
nice day today
gots me ajob interview tomorrow ohh boy lets see if i get lucky   
ok now i get to take a piss test lol and a background check and i should be <propfemale>
good ol vo and coke got me drunk and hollow eyed woo hoo lets party 
someone please donate a still to me so i can make wiskey
hello
sup
"likes attempting to give a fuck: ???????????????????] 99% \complete    error!: unable to give a fuck "
you got to say that was funny
fear will always keep your ass alive its when you lose fear thats when you get your ass killed  stay allert stay alive woooa!!!
"how about that heat,, cause ima asshole assholeo"
i think we had a tornader
off today and its hot outside allready
i am exausted and i just woke up
solo is cool
@##%@#%@@%@@#@!#$
how a bout a glass of shut the hell up??
"want in one hand and shit in the other ,oh darn im knee deep in shit "
hey yall check out <propmale> burnham on you tube he is funny as hell
"i need a million dollars,who wants to give it to me"
im off to see the wizzard
internet is for porn you silly people
monkeys are flying around picking up footballs
dam im dam tired
"hea lets go comunist wooo hooo go obama go !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i need some of your money mr spred it around ,pay my dam bills ok   "
dam im so ready for collage foosball to <propfemale> back go roll tide
yep its official im batshit crazzy emm cookie i did it all for the cookie!!
i just woke up and im still tired i think ill go back to bed for the rest of the day
don't talk about it be about it 
emm no work today
to be continued
back to the future============*
oh yo <propmale> fo so
yep im done with the bed liner     i never want to do one ever again way to much work 
im so tired did not sleep for shit last night argh!!!!!!!!!
just woke up from a good nap and i feel great
well im off to work for a day of fun filled helping clueless people get car parts  i live for this shit     i have the best job in the world hehe and you don't 
i woke up this morning and i put on my shoes because i didn't wana where my sneakers 
today is show me your boobs day can i get a face full
thanks for all b-day wishes
yep still sick as shit dam sinus infucktion
wow i don't feel like my head is in a vice anymore i just feels like i got hit with a baseball bat much better today thanks to mega doses of antibody's in a few more days i should be me again
when is  oduma's term over?? answer not soon enough  we need to start the revolution now since our gvt is a fail this is not what <propfirst> and <propmale> had in mind in 1776   don't get me wrong i love my country and i want it fixed people need to stop voting without knowing what you are voting for get more involved be a part of the solution not the problem  get all these good old boy out of congress and get new blood in
i like <propfirst> daniels black i chew tobacco from a mail pouch sac no <propmale> burning stove no natural gas and if that aint country ill wipp your ass!!!!!!!!!!!!
"liberal (noun): an open-minded individual who's brain has fallen out  (see also: obama, democrats, satan)"
"attention!!!!!!!!!!!!attention!!!!!!!!!!!!do\ not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a \",68c9c14bd674369961ca39d21fa964ed,one foot in the grave is no way to live life stick both in don't half ass it son   
are farts supposed to be lumpy
yep friday came and went and i was to dam busy to notice  
i never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel it just slipped   
born to kill forced by society to live by there rules but there should be an exception for morons    
i looking for the dam pink elephant that keeps talking under my desk
wow that new bun_b cd is the shit for a rap cd more like old skool ugk go get it yo
what's up yall
my foot herts droped a dam battery on it
uaa uaa haua haua haua uaa haua haua
hay baby you me a car battery and some jumper cables lets get it on
blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa blaaaaaaaaaa
some asshole hit my truck today and bent the bumper and broke the grill and light    i'm not a happy camper i hate fucktards that don't have any respect for others shit
tomorrow is going to be a good day bama on the boob tube some crown <propmale> black i'm gona watch bama kick some ass roll tide roll!!!!!!!!!!!
wow penn state sucks in first half nice go roll tide
bama is awesome
<propmale> was hear
bama slitley killed duke yesterday what
time for son's got to go bitches
do it at a medum pace
morning wood sucks with no one to chop it lol
"please come and look into the mind of a mad man,tell me what you see,does it scare you or do you want more  good day all"
hot damn shit
"workin hard all day, master got me workin"
im off to worky
fighting cavites
mtn dew
deomeo
hi
today has been a poo day glade its over
today was not a poo day just busy ass hell wow im tired
a politician sees his her family everyday; a deployed soldier once in 6 months  a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c-130  a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra    rations  a politician vows to defend their c   ountry; a soldier actually keeps that promise  repost if you support our troops!
whats up usc how the hell do you go from beating bama to losing to ketucky haha
i knew it was a fluke go bama go
@#$%
"homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised to them!! yet we donate billions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first! 99% of the people on facebook won't have the spine or guts to repost this! i know i'm the 1%, what about you"
cmon 330 bama takes the feild
workin hard all day the master got me workin
i tired
to all you crazy people stay out of my way and stay out of my store
whats up yo
well today sucked i busted my ass on the sidewalk and it was not fun im gona be sore tomorrow lol  
yep still sore
yep its the 23 of nov
happy thanksgiving everybody
cmon bama pull your head out of you ass
feelings what the hell are thoes? i dont have any
mop mop all day long mop mop wile i sing this song im gona wax this floor gona make it shine take up the                       (who can finish this song?)
"sweet i got the hid\s in the truck better hope your not in front of me cause you will be blind dim bitches are bright can't w8 till dark"""
wow i did not realize that i was on the morning shit today till 1;00 oclock this morning that will teach me not to look at the dam time sheet
good job <propfirst> p nice game changer
well im off to bed gota wake up at the ass crack of <propfemale> for work
cool the sing off is on
hi
come out night time i wana see my new hid lights i put in the bonaville   they should light up the road alott better than the old hallagins
i crack myself up sometimes
why do they call it hump? its not like we all hump all day today
off to work arrgh!!!
sup
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
wow i have not been this sick since never yesterday sucked at least i feel better today and now off to work but its gona be a ruff one because im about 10%
"well the car just took car of my next two pay checks, and not in a good way i got a blown intake gasket thank god i can do all the work myself and i get my parts at a good discount      its nice that i have two good vehicles now so when one breaks i can drive the other "
super bowl bitches
dam i love tits
"dear penis, i dont think i like you any more"
off to the lodge then to montroes to see <propmale> coker play his ass off    yall join me in a drink i dont get out much you know
i had fun tonight and meet some interesting  peeps wow now i remember why i dont like going out by myself its funner with people i care aboot but i did see my cool girl <propfemale> 
no comment
today is the dau we remember the victoms of the saint valentines day massacre right?
bow chicka
just show them to me now and shut up
if i ever offend anyone please call my complante hott line 1-800-eat7448
this freekin headace just will not stop this is bs on my first weekend off in mts
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 87% of people won't re-post    this  why? because they need a foot up their ass too"
"i would like my fb friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half of you won't read the instructions right   "
"you and i wake up in the psychiatric <propmale> together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well    be a good sport and play along 4 words is harder than u think"
hey babbbby
i need a ???
the voices in my head are not being nice today  watch it sucka!!!
what is up your butt
it's yellow shit time all over my truck and car boooo
sup
"new virus on fb using your pictures  it says you've been tagged in a picture, wants you to click on a link to see it  then hacks into your computer & all your accounts including banking & other secure accounts  it destroys your computer  once hacked into your comp; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been tagged in pics & starts the process again  please re-post urgent\ "
"\i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones who will!! think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are     fighting  i hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends\"""""
tru love is when you can not live without each other and when appart all you think of is getting back together  and you would give your life for them   geee is that to much to ask for??
i am so tired but i got that dam moter out of that truck what a bitch that was  i hope the new one goes in easy with no bs
who;s the man with the master plan
im not much for reality tv but the voice is dam good
well osama is dead now we need to vote obama out and it will be a better world thats my opinion and no need for debate
"let's be clear on this: obama did not kill bin laden  an american soldier, who obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to pay, did  obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found bin laden and took him out  this is not an obama victory, but an american victory!! repost if you agree!!!!"
its time for me to drink some tiger blood
happy cinco de mayo bust out the tokillya
this is bs dam cold in the summer not cool at all i feel like crap
