6f926bcd7e49a8bd1a05f154c8555b3a
i miss sparring 
"for every artist, a canvas  for every actor, a stage "
i am feeling so akward right now  should be interesting though  call me the wingman 
being sick sucks
regretting missed opportunities
"midnight excursion to wal-mart, it's on"
"i'm off, see you monday everybody"
pay me in macdamia nuts
missinig how things were
the longest journey is the road home
the akward doesn't end
"rally's, how i miss thee"
moving like a cat
"get off your knees, quit trying to blow the mission"
the krakken rises
thank you for all the birthday messages!
wishing i could be real with people
wishing to not be diluted
venture bros is the best show ever  that is all 
listening to she wants revenge
had a good night with my baby   thanks for the invite <propmale>  til next time
wow  just wow  life is interesting indeed 
unleash the dragon!!!
it does everything except let multiple people sign in
trying to come up with a name 
anyone want some nate company?
getting my popsicle bogarted by a two year old 
got the car fixed   thanks to <propmale> for the help!!!!
"todays definition: comely adj \1  pleasing in appearance; attractive; fair: a comely face "
don`t go looking for things you`ve already found 
don`t you talk to me about grammer
i` allergic to mornings 
"\ glance in the cut and see my homey nate\"""""
i hate my phone with fury of a thousand suns  yeah a thousand
"got more than i started with, no complaints"
up way late  feeling good though 
i`m so excited
excitement serves no purpose 
"i got what i wanted, but didn't believe it  now i have dismantled something i fear i can't fix  regardless the outcome, i have learned my lesson  late as usual i guess "
!!double fist premium chicken!!
eat both squares please
the days not going well so far  hopefuly it changes 
"why, oh why did i eat the free icream  it saddens me so "
"i'm charged up, and ready to go"
hoping to hit the lab  if not my plan b is awesome per usual  either way i determined to make today a good one 
"i feel like shit today, yay "
jail broke ps3!!!! what?!?
"i feel like i should just go for it  instead of waiting for things to fall into place, like i normaly do "
you swallow pineapples for donkey rides!
yay! girl giggles!
"so tired, but i don't want to start tomo just yet  i'm on the edge of a break through "
"never again, no more smoking  "
feeling heartsick  at the same time like anything is possible 
yay! <propfemale> splints! awesome!
i go places you can`t get back from 
"i feel like you got something to say, go ahead and say it   i`m not everybody else "
"i geuss i some kind of asshole, lol "
"this is going well, not as nervous this time"
"still sick, got dangerously close to passing out "
"my new addiction, laffy tunez"
"i sould have learned to play an instrument, yep"
craving a smoke
every time i listen to it i feel better about my performance  excited to hear the next one 
"careful, its skeetin' outside! roflol"
told them i was fire  thought i was a liar  till i set them on fire  put they body on blaze   im in a haze  leave them smoldering for days
perhaps i should drop the cold exterior and let my heat flow?  maybe just maybe   
"it ain`t a party unless something gets broke, lol "
doing the right thing never gets easier
feeling a little crushed 
i'd still respect you in the morning
it would be nice to win something for a change 
"backstyle, be on it"
can't wait for the remix!
"i have to stop getting hurt, this sucks"
"people talking to me like i'm dumb, it shouldn't bother me, but it does  there is about a 1~2% that you are in fact smarter than me  those are not good odds "
everyday i'm alive reaffirms that i am infact a night person 
"i stopped drinking coffee when i was 11, cause this shit puts me to sleep  ready for the rest of this day "
moms out of surgery  this has been a very long day 
i will always confirm your status as awesome
"zombies ate my neighbors movie? yes please, and of course the resulting movie game "
"the right thing for the wrong reason is still wrong, right?"
i believe in the power of love  you turned me into a true fighter for love  yes you 
watching dbz with <propfemale> while we pratice our shapes 
wasted a beautiful rainy morning at work  damn 
"again, stuck at work while a perfectly rainy day is going on  hope it keeps up til i see my little lady "
"i guess i didnt save a verse i spent hours crafting  hopefuly i can remember enough to reconstruct it, damn "
10am comes quickly   damn
on fire tonight  i beat <propmale> in pool 
"thoughts dominated by you, yes you "
<propfemale> loves blood oranges!
you lampooning me? you want a punch in the eye guy? i'll make yor face look like a pie guy 
"for anyone who cares, my phone has passed on, i will resurrect it tomo  maybe later tonight if i feel like it "
"i am a leader, if they would only listen "
gray days and long nights
"i got fire one liners, just have to string enough together, hahaha"
"it seems on the days i feel really good, everyone else is in a bad mood  sorry everyone tomo i will return to being a negative emotion sinkhole "
"nice guy demeanor, bad boy passion  style since birth, yeah its my fashion"
"hunch, hunch, what, what"
ambien is a helluva drug
"i'm not one for swapping stories, i like to create memories "
"should i go with the old friends, or stay with the young ones  any thoughts?"
"singing laffy tunez at work all day, and free styling in between "
i'm in the hat 
"when i get old, ima still be in the hat "
"go ahead, give it a squirt "
tolerance needs to go up 
been up 23 hours and not a bit tired  hmph 
"is a sarcastic, yet big hearted, ass"
"is a wellspring of knowledge, simply fill your cup  cups are ¤2 50, and right by the door when you walk in "
the best thing about knowing your limits is you can plan accordingly 
<propfemale> is making it hail  she must be a baller on a budget 
the gift of hammer time
<propfirst> fasion look alike: no sir your ripped
"hands up, who else likes rainy mondays?"
"really, who parks a train at an intersection"
you out for trout?
<propfemale> likes b o b more than <propfirst> fiasco
"new bubba sparxxx and she wants revenge dropping this year, nice "
yeah for being sick
"10 years later, still know the songs and the skits  wow"
"just saw some kids squaring off in they yard  takes me back to those summers when <propmale> <propfirst> i used to do the same  thanks man, really "
unraveling the mysteries of self is an amazing thing 
gothic rap group?
people forget that they are much closer to the bottom than they are to the top 
rep turtleneck & chain 
