0d83faaf2a346e68ed75bb2aa1d76e4b
is installing resident evil 5 on his computer
just got back from alaska! it was awesome!
is riffing   
"as he came into the window it was the sound of a crescendo he came into her apartment he left the bloodstains on the carpet she ran underneath the table he could see she was unable so she ran into the bedroom she was struck down, it was her doom"
dynamics and mechanics   
half of the 1st done    now on to masops
has got a new song for you   
are tangerines really just oranges that didn't want it enough?
"numerics     then locals     \'cause nothin' lasts forever and we both know hearts can change and it's hard to hold a candle in the cold august rain\"""""
aliens didn't do well but maybe the plants will make up for it next week
"\do not worry about your difficulties in mathematics  i can assure you mine are still greater \"""""
"\god hath given thee all them that sail with thee \"" acts 27:24"""
is coding    a lot
says it'll be a long night
"fundamentals of aerodynamics code & report, numerical methods code & report, basic strength of materials homework, modeling and physical simulation project and hw, mechanics 3 homework "
"numerical methods code & report, basic strength of materials homework, modeling and physical simulation project and hw, mechanics 3 homework"
"numerical methods is killing me, while basic strengths and masops are brooding in the corner"
1 41421 35623 73095 04880 16887 24209 69807 85696 71875 37694 80731 76679 73799
says one more report then sleep is mine
zzzzzz
"mod sim, tennis simulation a go go"
thinks his tennis simulation may work
knows his tennis simulation works
"1 exam down, 2 to go"
"1 exam down, 2 to go for today"
"3 down, 2 more   1 tomorrow and 1 wednesday"
"is coffee, ramen, and mechanics for the rest of the night  at least i got my laptop fixed   "
"god is good, passed mechanics 3 by the skin of my teeth"
enjoying the break
"\the universe is like a safe to which there is a combination  but the combination is locked up in the safe \"" think about it   """
"breaking your teeth on the hard life coming show your scars cutting your feet on the hard earth running show your scars breaking your life broken, beat and scarred but we die hard"
perpetual flame is seriously one of the best albums ever   
"do you see what i see?       truth is an offence       you silence for your confidence       do you hear what i hear?       doors are slamming shut       limit your imagination, keep you where they must       do you feel what i feel?       bittering distress       who decides what you e playful ress       do you take what i take?       endurance is the word       moving back instead of forward seems to me absurd"
sleep
"baptized in a firefighthot blood running cold as ice44 minutes of target practiceall hell's breaking looseoutgunned, watching \the force\"" come to a firefight with a pocketknifegetting schooled until they shot achilles' heel and brought down the beast!!!"""
back to the old grind 
golf outing till noon 
"out of the ashes of my youth, i rise a man, and through the eyes of truth, i finally understand, the way!"
"working at  6am tomorrow, means getting up at 4     ouch"
"remember, remember the fifth of november, the gunpowder treason and plot, i know of no reason why gunpowder treason should ever be forgot   "
"mia vs  tampa bay & bal vs  cle, dolphins today, ravens tomorrow!"
"controlling the world, one second at a time"
megadeth concert > new <propfemale> midnight showing
"megadeth was awesome, suicide solutions sucked  machine head was machine head   "
have plague will travel!
metal gear solid peace <propmale> will be amazing!
dead space extraction is legit 
"my father's surgery went well, he is in recovery"
dad is resting at home 
"ravens need to step it up, i'm feeling a comeback game like miami!"
sleep                   
absolute zero comes in january   
go ravens and dolphins!
"come on niners, keep up the good work!"
"successfully done 100 trades, with 100 people around the united states "
"blazin' wingz, are amazing!"
t-minus 2h:49min till driving to florida 
"r i p  <propfirst> lallo, my grandfather and friend  you will be missed "
is listening to amon amarth 
finally got computer speakers fixed! yes
"\thor odin’s son protector of mankind ride to meet your fate your <propfemale> awaits thor hlôdyn’s son protector of mankind ride to meet your fate ragnarök awaits \"""""
finally updated <propmale> of nightmares on myspace     now i need to record the vocals and do some small updates and the song will be almost complete 
tech writing hw    all day lol
"when the jews return to zion, and a comet fills the sky  the holy <propmale> empire rises, and you and i must die  from the eternal sea he rises  creating armies on either shore  turning man against his brother  till man exists no more"
"sad news about the scorpions retirement, at least their last cd sounds promising, and they will have a fairwell tour!"
"needs to study vibrations, and finish his tech writing homework "
"is finishing up his memo, then it's airplane vehicle performance homework   "
"thermo exam, then vibrations and integrated aircraft design homework "
"got an archlord kristya today  i call it a good day, after an awesome exam in thermo "
is <propfirst> <propfirst>
just survived a avp exam that was epic for the ages
"tech writing is done, team green after 5pm tomorrow!"
all i have left today is avp from 3-4 5  after that it's game time for team green!
"homework for vibrations, and integrated aircraft  dinner at <propfemale> garden though "
vibrations is cancelled tomorrow!
"loved the half day off, would love to have a whole day off tomorrow!"
avp all night
"finished shoveling snow: e= w + q total energy used: 1 4228 x10^9 joules + 480,000 joules = 1 423 x10^6 kj i need a red bull lol "
"if you assume contradictory axioms, you can derive anything  it's called the principle of e playful losion "
"my head e playful lodes, my ears ring, i can't remember just where i've been   "
<propfirst> <propfirst> dickman is running blackwing's now  it's official   
"iron maiden touring with dream theater, i think so!"
is making lobster stir-fry for dinner!
"\when it's cold outside    am i here in vain?\"""""
"avp, iae, tech writing, avp   "
"strawberry-banana redbull smoothie, a great way to start the day!"
sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple 
just bought his ticket to see iron maiden and dream theater on july 15 in <propmale>!
starting a quarter of <propfemale>'s and 2 aero classes  this will be nice   
listening to piece of mind!
this boar ain't very cool 
"has an archaeology exam at 2, then mgmt of professionals followed by home and arby's with team green"
is at the red's game!
"feels confident about his avp exam, and has to finish the rest of his homework "
"took 3 exams, got 3 a's  it's a good feeling"
shunpo? i think so!
iron man 2 midnight showing!
iron man 2 is amazing!
cut your feet on the hard earth running!
"boston and detroit won today, it's all good "
golf with my dad at <propmale> county club
i shot a 77 yesterday!
"r i p <propmale> <propfirst> dio, he will be missed!"
come lie on a bed of nails and slumber
"is doing a scientific study to investigate whether people can distinguish between scientific studies and kidney-harvesting scams  volunteers are needed, and preferably healthy adults with blood type o"
"exam's today and tomorrow      sad  , but it's my birthday today so it makes up for it slightly!"
"thanks to all those who wished me a happy birthday, i appreciate it!"
"2 exams today! 2:15 and 4 smile 0 then done with them! all except the flight mechanics project, but that's due friday!"
"1 down, 1 to go!"
done with exams!
@ twenhoffel for hgbc follies!
"loves being a pirate, and being the voice of chadder for vbs at hgbc"
"lovely day of rain, school and parking lines"
patriotic celebration at the grove tonight at 6 followed by a time of fellowship and dessert!
is enjoying his week of peace and tranquility 
loves waking up to the smell of dark roasted coffee!
"maiden and dream theater thursday, can't wait!"
maiden and dream theater tonight!
maiden and dream theater was redic!
got a phone interview for a c surprise p in new york!
has been given an offer letter for a c surprise p in new york!
"confetti, pyrotechnics, whole lotta love, blood, & kiss  great night!"
to a guy in kentucky i'm known as mr unlucky!
use the boost to get through!
"19 4 15 with morgana, good day  plus my tests seemed to go fine!"
grrr    matrix structural analysis homework    
playing starcraft campaign!
"westwards the tide \westwards we sail on \westwards the tide \sail by the talisman "
final week of classes!
3 exams down 1 more on tuesday
finally my finals are over!
why is slip of the tongue such a good album?
"9 days till i leave for utica, ny!"
leaving for richmond tomorrow with my dad for the race this weekend!
just got into west <propfemale>  on my way to richmond!
spending quality time with my dad and grandfather  next up famous <propmale>'s for linner and the nationwide race
"grades are in, above 3 0 for the second time in my college career!"
o'charley's at midnight after the race!
"just killed an infernape with a flareon, yeah!!!"
"leaving for utica, ny tomorrow!"
on the road
having lunch at <propmale> evans outside of <propmale>
just arrived in utica! moving in!
let's go ravens!
little ceaser's for lunch and found warheads for later
going to the gym at 8!
"working with robots, going to be a good day"
tomorrow feels like a 3 wolf 1 <propfemale> day!
going to see some waterfalls tomorrow!
"<propmale> falls was amazing, now it's football time!"
the wildebeast returns to propagate the herd 
"is this soliloquy or psychosis\or self-hypnosis"
"fire at work today, great way to start the day"
tonight it's skyline time!
"watched eternal sunshine of the spotless mind last night, great movie"
my company's server crashed today  joy oh joy!
ac dc and coffee to get me going this morning
"the question is, why do i not have a chello and why am i not learning how to play it?   "
loving apocalyptica's new album!
"i've got another confession to make, i'm no fool   "
"blank face in the windowpane,\made clear in seconds of light,\disappears and returns again,\counting hours, searching the night   "
why do people like <propmale> matthews? i don't understand   
i ain't got time to bleed   
rainbows in the sky this morning  it should be a good day!
http annoyed  m youtube com watch?gl=ca&client=mv-google&hl=en&v=5gcdviuhnm8
you know it's going to be a long day when your on your second coffee and you've been at work for 30 minutes   
"watching as the world e playful ires, from up amongst the clouds, in cathedral spires   "
he who knows others is wise  he who knows himself is enlightened 
going to see <propmale> cook in syracuse tonight!
just got a free ticket upgrade
"awesome show last night seeing <propmale> cook, and a beautiful day today! this week is looking good, with halloween this weekend!"
heavy lies the crown   
"this is halloween, this is halloween, pumpkins scream in the dead of night!"
"two little mice fell in a bucket of cream  the first mouse quickly gave up and drowned  the second mouse, wouldn't quit  he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out  gentlemen, as of this moment, i am that second mouse "
just got 5 opeth cd's for 38 dollars  sweet!
"we lied to each other so much, that in nothing we trust   "
"titanium is very sharp, my 3 lacerated fingers are prime examples "
8 stitches
the first blow makes the helmet crack   
"a hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer "
anyone else miss pitch black and pitch black 2 mountian dew?
"\success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm \"""""
stitches out today!
sun tea is good tea
like a boss
"driving to vienna, ohio tomorrow!"
eta 5 smile 7 in vienna
chilling in vienna
happy thanksgiving!
black friday shopping after a great day with the family!
"on the road again, eta 4 smile 0"
back in new york mills
sweet and sour pork!
i come from the land of ice and snow   
"launched my full salvo, waiting for the dust to clear   "
"supervising till 5pm, then up for whatever   "
http annoyed  aquestions com ask-a-ninja-ninjas-and-the-matrix html 
"sometimes you have to ask yourself, is the juice worth the squeeze?"
worked 12 hours today    
23
"when you shake my hand, better count your fingers   "
"still day beneath the sun\asking you who is the one\and when the day is late\we know who must forever wait"
"dolphins and 49ers do me proud, ravens going to rock tomorrow night as well!"
"\character is higher than intellect  a great soul will be strong to live as well as think \"""""
"put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour  sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute  that's relativity \- <propfirst> einstein"
nky bound eta 7pm
is back in ky!
"just got my sister up using pantera, good day!"
''the world is very different for those who cannot see beyond what is placed before their very eyes ''
gomorrah show tonight!
ships out @6am tomorrow for thomasville <propfemale>
in thomasville!
had firehouse sub with da bomb hot sauce for lunch!
learning unigraphics!
entering the city of dis
ravens!!!!
"a good day at work, full of dream theater and 3d modeling "
let's go ravens!
no sword has been like this one
"used to sing on the mountains, but the mountains washed away"
it's a nos morning
loves that he has so much free time to work on music!
"if i had but an hour of love,\if that be all it's given me \an hour of love; upon this earth,\i would give my love to thee"
"we're outnumbered here 10 to 1 here, still i love the odds   "
demo for the rider now up on my myspace!
listening to stratovarius
so ffxiii might be the best final fantasy since viii
just ordered my rga7!
"74 and <propfemale>, loving <propfemale> weather!"
shablagoo!!
just playing megaman zero
when the night falls     when the <propfemale> is full   
dream theater monday!
is leaving at 6am tomorrow for t-mill!
just passed through moultrie
75 north baby
thru atlanta
tennessee!
kentucky!
t-mill i'm back
just downloaded surtur rising from itunes!
