92a32445d6bc5a545facc6829542cfd7
i just saw <propmale> rogen singing gangster's paradise  wow 
"once i overcome this mortal monthly pain, i'm heading to the mall with <propfemale> "
"apparently, for every 1 female gamer, there are 10 single gamer males  yay, nerds!"
"i like my beer cold, my tv loud and my homosexuals flaming "
are we recording?
"i started using google chrome, but certain webpages will not load  any ideas?"
"hold me, i'm so pathetic; and study, all the sudden; baby, suddenly find her; daddy, e playful loring only   "
"to everyone that is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tuscan az! may i offer some insight? if guns kill people then pencils mis-spell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons make people fat!!! remember! hold the person accountable for their own actions, not the means they choose to utilize it! repost if you agree  i just did!"
"when i got up this morning, the travel channel was playing the episode of no reservations where <propfirst> visits south <propfemale>  it was great, but now i really want some low-country cuisine "
"oh, these children  so many pics of them smoking cigarettes, obviously posing with the things in their mouths  they must be soooooo cool and popular   not "
"dear adults of fb, if you must borrow money from your mother, do not post crap about it here  it makes you look helpless and pathetic "
i feel   odd 
"well, i'm officially out of wine "
just found out that people still congregate in horse creek   wow 
i need another job  bad 
"i'm about to watch che, parts 1 & 2  i love ifc "
"well, someone has gotten their panties all in a bunch "
"i totally stole this from christopher   this year we will have 1-1-11, 1-11-11, 11-1-11, & 11-11-11       now take the last two <propfirst> of the year you were born and add them to the age you are gonna be this year and what do you get?"
winnsboro walmart's redbox = grrrr!
"we turned on the oven's self-clean mode  i didn't really think that one through  this is a magnificently <propfemale> house and it is now filled with noxious fumes  i'm wearing sunglasses while i type this because it burns my eyes  technology 1, young adults 0 "
"i wish i didn't have to talk to stupid people  but, i guess i wouldn't do much talking at all if i didn't "
"been watching <propfemale>  yeah, <propfemale>  remember when mtv was worth changing the channel to?"
i have to find something to do tomorrow night so i'm not a third wheel to a gay fiasco   
"it's <propfirst>'s day? shoot, i forgot to get a boyfriend again "
just droning 
"any pain that you could bring to me is nothing comparatively \and i’ve been so lost and found, i can’t smile, i can’t frown \happy song, nothing’s wrong, it’s all fun, am i done?"
"keep your head down  keep your mouth shut  it will all pay off in the end  don't be the little engine that said \f**k it \"""""
i have the day off  i have the house to myself  yayyyyy!!!
"ugh  i need to get away from here  seriously, i'm sick of all of you "
(in my family guy <propfirst> <propmale> blaccuweather voice) who wants this cat???
i watched pink flamingos last night   i feel unclean 
"work, work, work  what's after that   ? oh, yeah  work "
<propfemale> artois    smile 
"i hate you  truly i do  but, it hurts to see you doing things and achieving goals when i'm still stuck in the exact same place that you left me "
my computer just started playing what i believe to be <propfirst> lambert  it won't stop  i've looked in every <propfemale> and window  make it go awayyyyyy!!!!!
you can't be top dog if you act like a pussy 
my kingdom for a cigarette 
sitting here earning that phd in faggotry 
"if you sail into the sun, beware the eyes of green "
all work and no play makes <propfemale> a dull girl 
"quote of the day:  \there's a knife in my crotch \"""""
put your yahoo in myspace and twitter 
she's far too good looking to do the cooking 
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah   blah 
so bored i'm considering peeling my eyeballs for entertainment 
money makin
shower  chill  sleep  work  outside  sweating  serving other people during spring break  in a polo  weird taxi drivers  not looking forward to tomorrow 
fuck  today  hard 
worst workday ever  now   beer 
totally awake  totally bored 
"imminent in feeling, vacant of all thought  like a stagnant piece of rock  like a stagnant piece of rock "
know of anyone looking for a roomie? i haven't slept in a month 
"i watched catfish last night  if i have never met you in person, you can e playful ect to be deleted in the next few hours "
"if you don't have anything nice to say, go sit in the yard and drink a beer "
[adult swim] and boredom
ugh
socially underfed 
grease is on tv  that cha cha chick looks like she's in her forties 
got stuck in the woods last night  sat there for an hour  someone finally came 
chillin waiting on the car to be fixed  hit me up 
i actually have 2 days off in a row  wow  this is going to be pretty nice 
"i walk in beauty, like the night \of cloudless climes and starry skies; \and all that's best of dark and bright \meet in my aspect and my eyes "
blue <propfirst>  it's making me depressed 
who's got the cheat codes for life?
babycakes 
i love the smell of elephant <propfemale> in the morning 
the best weekend ever came to the worst ending ever  isn't <propfemale> done kicking my butt yet? i get it 
i feel all   dead inside 
"listen my new friend, please  have a sympathetic tender ear "
wide awake 
"hey, isn't the world supposed to end today? complete bs, but at this point, i may just welcome it "
"i can be that actress, you be tarantino "
one whole plate of sushi + double scoop of ice cream in a waffle cone = a lot of stomach pain  ouch 
blaze a blaze   
the power keeps flickering  i lit candles  not enjoying being alone right now 
dysmenorrhea  google that shizz and pity me 
"you can lead a camel to a well, but you can't make the stubborn bastard drink  and you can sit, play show and tell, but you can't make a stubborn brain think "
considering deleting all of you die hard christians   
so   the out-of-state cost for the school i want to go to is still cheaper than most schools around here   good to know  smile 
"   your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's doa   "
somebody put your radio on 94 3   what the hell is up with that? it's been doing it all day   
"   make no mistake, she sheds her skin like a snake   "
anyone want to take a crack at fixing my laptop?
"i flipped my car over  i was trying to avoid a deer on a curve(and yeah, i was going a little fast)  and i flipped it right over  it's totaled and i can only find part of my phone  so, hit me up on here "
the cat    threw up    in my bed!!! i'm awake  lol  time to do laundry 
   so tired of job applications 
"omg  there is nothing like clarity, pushing aside all of the bs and finally having everything in your life make sense  ha  i know what i'm doing  took me long enough "
just got myself a job interview 
"when she wakes up in the morning, she writes down all her dreams  reads like the book of revelations or the <propfemale> prophecy "
you'll never fumigate the demons no matter how much you smoke 
getting back into my workout schedule  sweating  caffeinating  happy 
about to watch a crazy movie  yay!
"\there's a price to be paid for dreaming \"" - jesus' son"""
london riots  wow
$5000 to donate eggs  hmmm 
working at the zoo  at least it's not hot 
slept all day yesterday  feel better today 
why do people stop you to chat when you are obviously out trying to burn some calories? not now  must keep moving 
i must stop leaving my phone in random places  sorry to folks who tried to get in touch with me yesterday 
rubber <propfirst>  why does that exist?
i'm in a good mood today  don't screw it up!
anyone for pimm's and brie?
sweating my butt off at finley park  happy pride!
what manner of faggotry is this?
zoo  yay 
i've been setting up at the zoo all day  literally  finally going home 
"do me a favor: please hover over my name here, wait for the box to load and then hover over the \subscribe\"" link  then uncheck the \""comments and likes\"" choice  i would rather my comments on friends' posts not be made public  then repost if you don't want your every move posted on the right for everyone to see!  smile  i'll do the same for you if you want  just click \""like\"""""
got home from work at 3am this morning  slept for 3 hours  went to class for 7 hours  i will be in my room  indefinitely 
"choose life  choose a job  choose a career  choose a family  choose a fucking big television, choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players and electrical tin openers  choose good health, low cholesterol, and dental insurance  choose fixed interest mortgage repayments  choose a starter home  choose your friends  choose leisurewear and matching luggage  choose a three-piece suit on hire purchase in a range of fucking fabrics  choose diy and wondering who the fuck you are on sunday morning  choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing, spirit-crushing game shows, stuffing fucking junk food into your mouth  choose rotting away at the end of it all, pissing your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked up brats you spawned to replace yourselves  choose your future  choose life    but why would i want to do a thing like that? i chose not to choose life  i chose somethin' else  and the reasons? there are no reasons "
"the chaos that is my schedule has calmed for the time being  i better rest up while i can  but, there is still so much to do!"
hitch yourself a ride beyond the fastest freight train:  beat the smoke   find the thigh   spend the shiny   throw the shroud   kiss the morning <propfemale> in the morning glass   mad road driving men ahead 
