c788c5a299a44856474445f79755f74f
"wow i cant believe its already been a year, this past year has brought happiness, sadness, joy, pain, adventures, failures, new friends, stupid sluts, dumb boys, epic memory's that will last a life time  i hope that the people i want in my life stay in my life and the people i could careless about changed  my new years revolution is to make a better life for my self and the people i care about  smile "
hoping for the best smile 
hoping for the best smile  miss my baby love 3
cant wait for this week to be over alreay smile 
happy valentines day!! i jst saw dear <propfirst> wit <propfirst> and omg! sadest movie ive ever seen!!  annoyed 
i love ryannnnn <propfirst> smithh sooo muchh!!! smile  love 33love you my baby tarzan! smile 
only 9days till my birthdayy!! yayy!! 16 hurr i come smile  i love you babyy!! thanks for being so amazing! love 33 5 23 09
cant wait for thursday!! its my birthday!!! laugh  3 11 94
el infierno si mis cumpleanos son el jueves! te quiero a <propfemale>! puedo esperar para verle!
hell yeahh! my birthdays thursday! i cant wait to see you ryann!! laugh 
so whos ganna be the 1st on to wish me happy 16th birthdayy at midnight tonight  leave me a message 480 516 8485 laugh 
had a great day wit <propfemale>  smile  was a great birthdayyy thankyouu everyone smile 
ilovehim sooo much! ever molment i spend more wit him is another amazing molment bt then it comes to the goodbyes n thats the hardest part! lol  laugh  love 
i hav alot on my mind right now   i need to talk to him right now   i wish he was here annoyed  10months tuesday!5 23 09 love 33
i hav such an amazing boyfriend! i can tell him about anything and he totally understands me smile  i love him soooo freaking much words cant e playful lain love  10months today smile 
"im <propfemale> hurt, bt obviously im the only one   its killin me i cant do this!"
this weekend was awesome! i love you soooo much more ryan smile  love 
ughh idk what i wanna do to night annoyed 
ughh! i freaking hate being home!! i jst wanna hav my own place annoyed 
had a great weekend smile 
"i had an amazing weekend this weekend, i met alot of awesome people n me n <propfirst> became close again  i love that kid sooo freaking much!!  smile  love "
ughh im jst getting feed up wit the same shitt everyday! i shouldnt hav to feel lik this! i jst wanna run away never to return   
i love my boyfriend <propfemale>o muchh!! <propfirst> <propfirst> smith im sorry for everything we've been threw i love you <propfemale> much!! n i cant wait to see you tomorrow smile 
he knows what to say to still give me the butterflies smile  love next month it will be a year smile 
"need idea's for year anniversary?!?! laugh  may, 23"
i love you <propfemale> much baby and i miss you <propfemale>o much too!!!! i can't wait to see you this weekend!! <propfirst> waz here!!!!!  laugh 
i cant wait to improve my life and everything to fall in its place smile  love 
finally being able to see my little <propmale> today!! ughh dads been getting on my nervous! annoyed  i love you <propfirst> <propfirst> smith! smile 
i am <propfemale> ready just for summer to come already  laugh 
awhhh  annoyed  im <propfemale> jealous right now annoyed  i want a night lik that to remember annoyed  bt ill never kno if ill  be able to e playful erience a memory lik that    annoyed 
"awhh lifes ganna be wayy better when i hav a car,job,money! and it will be summer! im excited for some summer love love "
idk if it's me or people jst dnt understand me and idk what to do  i hate fighting i wish we could jst see eye to eye and everything would be perfect 
i wanna be 18and stop growing from there so i can be a kid wit adult privliges for the rest of my life smile )
ughh been having some freakingg weridddd dreams! definitly not who i wanna see in my dreams annoyed 
ughh!!! i want to be ok wit this bt i jst cant get over being mad about it! annoyed  ughh! why do relationships hav to be <propfemale> complicated  annoyed 
love shouldn't hurt this badd annoyed 
i cant wait for summer!! laugh 
<propfirst> was here            smile 
"the scarest things in life are the unknown and the what if's, i wonder tho if life would really be better if we knew everything n there was nothing to ponder??"
"ughh!!!! i care more about people and there own lifes then thy do! whyy cant i jst stop caring annoyed , maybe things would be easier   "
why does this always happen? it goes so that i forget then all of a sudden it pops bak up to screw my life up once again annoyed  ughhh! annoyed 
"i need you in my life to keep me happy,positive,sane, alive! you hav been the only thing that has kept me going this past year  i think your the one that i want to spend as much of my life wit! i kno that i probably shouldnt be saying that becuz im so young bt right now thats what i want and if i want and believe in something that much it will happen "
i had an amazing one year today! i love you <propfemale> much <propfirst>! i wish i waz still wit you annoyed  i miss you alreay annoyed  i love you  n be safe smile  thanks for the wonderful day and year smile  love 
ughh i need some luck for finals tomorrow  annoyed  i suck at math&english annoyed 
hey does anyone kno anyone that is selling any good vehicles for lik 2000$ or less bt it cant be older then a 2000? if you are or kno anyone selling any vehicles then call me or message me  im not really to pickey jst not any ugly greens or brown haha thanks smile 
awhh im <propfemale> sad right now  annoyed  what if i never get to see them again  annoyed  there has been <propfemale>o many memorys wit some of them and now there leaving to go start a new life n were jst stuck here for another two years annoyed  its so sad to think you can become so close wit people in such a short time and they can be gone even quicker annoyed 
"aye yie yie    idk what to say, or if i should even say anything at all?"
awhh i love this punk he can be sweet sometimes smile  love 
lookin forward for another mission for today laugh 
hopefully ganna hav a good night smile 
had suchh an amazing weekend! some parts were kinda boring bt then are plans would change in lik 2sec and we would be parting havin something new to do! laugh  bt now i had to leave my babyy and i miss him already annoyed  bt i get to see him tomorrow again <propfemale> im excited laugh 
ughhh!! shes <propfemale> stupid! she pisses me off <propfemale>o bad and idk why i even still care? shes such a let down bt for some reason i havent giving up on her annoyed  ughh its seriously tearing me apart! annoyed    
woooooowwwww! an freakin wonder why she doesn't freakin listen to a word thy say! thy need to freakin pick! i can't freakin live here wit her!! she freakin ruineds my wholeee life! i can acually say i hate someone wit a freaking passion!!! ughhh i'm soooo freakin pissed offf!!! i can't freakin control it! ughhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
this is the best summer ive ever had! i love you babyy cakes and i hope we countine this awesome journey to gather laugh  lets see what the future had to offer laugh 
anyone wanna chill an go swimming?? laugh 
this is ganna be a good summer smile 
went horse bak ridding wit the love of my life lol it felt lik a romance movie when the couple goes ridding on the beach haha except it's hot n ugly here hahaha  smile 
this has for surr been the best summer so far! lol i love my baby cakes <propfemale> much! laugh  and ive gotten to spend all summer wit him  laugh  love 33
awhh my baby cakes isnt here anymore and now i dnt kno what to do annoyed  its sooo quite in the house annoyed 
interview tomorrow!! yayy! i hope i get the job! laugh 
interview went awesome! mangers chill! which is a good sign lol there waz one other person he had to interview bt hopefully i get it laugh 
i wanna kno that you mean what you say and that you will always be here for me   ?
ganna go shoppin then ganna attempt to get my foodhandlers licenses then ganna go be wit my babyyy finally!! hahaha laugh  love 
excited for what my future will come too laugh  kinda   
i love this it's going to suck when i get a job and go bak to school cuz it's ganna be hard to see him  annoyed 
had a crazy time last night bt now i dnt feel good annoyed  and there waz a lot of drama   
awhh my babycakes suprised me and now im bak in his arms  laugh  love 
ughhh! i'm sooooooo freakin done! i hate you! get out of my life!!!!!!
i kno what he can do for me next month smile  twilight marothon!!! smile  yayy!! love 
"omg!! im retarded! lol <propfirst> your lucky your ganna get out of seeing eclipse with me, bt ohh well ima go see sexyyy <propmale> mmm wink "
ughh lol i suck at trying to multitask lol <propfirst> <propfirst> smith i love you soooo freaking much!! your amazing! love  me and <propfemale> hungg out todayy laugh  love 
awhh <propfirst> your amazing! i miss you sooooooooo much! i can't wait to see you on saturday ima tackle you! smile 
hellll yeahhhh!! cant wait for tomorrow! i get to see <propfirst> again and the beach!! yuahh!! im sooo excited! ima tak a bunch of picture of us  laugh  love 
omggg im in love wit cali!! i had the most amazing weekend ever!! this has been the most amazing summer!! laugh 
ayee yiee yiee    idk what to do??? sad  ughh either way someones not happy  sad 
ughh!! im torn now  sad 
ughh!!! pissed!! i kno i shouldnt of read that bt i did and now im mad again    annoyed 
ughh i need help finding a car!!  annoyed 
ahh!! sooo boredd!!! i hate how guys love playin video games  annoyed  ughhh!!
yess!! i finally got the job i've been tryin to get for the past lik 3 weeks! im sooo excited! bt really nervous at the same time  smile  i go to sign papers for it todayy yuahh!! laugh 
ughh that made me mad! that waz a waste of a whole day!! i could of been wit <propfirst>  annoyed 
i cant wait to goo and see my amazing wonderful prefect boyfriend today! awhh i missed him  annoyed  i love you boo laugh  love 
i love hangin out wit <propfirst> and jst layin around the house not even doin anything bt still havin a blast laugh  i love you! love 
??? idk
"'like' this status and ill tell you my likes, dislikes, 1st impressions and confession of youu    smile "
baby sitting my baby niece smile  i missed her soooo much!!  annoyed   love 
omgg!! yes! i think we finally found the car i want! and its perfect price and everything! im <propfemale> excited! bt i still hav to wait till friday  annoyed 
today is ganna be such a longgg day  annoyed 
"ughh why does it hav to be <propfemale> hard to find a nice, not to e playful encive car these's days  annoyed  everyones jst tryin to scam everyone annoyed "
omgg! stupid fishville is messing up my pictures some how annoyed  i hav lik 1040 fishville phone albums and i dnt even kno how that happened annoyed  help!?
what do i need for a good sound system for a car? what brand is good too? lol i need help! i kno lik nothing about cars! lol
ughh irrateded  sad 
"i hope i can find the perfect car   why cant it jst pop up wit my name already on it  annoyed  \i wish it waz that easy annoyed "
ughh im going crazy not seeing him for this long! annoyed  it seems lik forever whens its only really been lik a week annoyed  thats still a week too long away from you baby laugh  love 
yess i'm <propfemale> excited! i bought a car! bt i won't be able to drive it till lik wednesday annoyed  bt ohh well lol  smile  can wait till i start workin too!
ahh!! im <propfemale> excited for tomorrow! i get to bring home my car! laugh  now i jst got to fix it upp and tak it for a test drive wink 
ahh this dayy is taking forrr everr! im <propfemale> excitedd tho to get my car laugh 
ahh im sooo excited for the next couple weeks!  laugh  i cant wait! laugh  love  i love you ryan! love 
cant wait till tomorrow laugh  i love you ryan! love 
"ughh i need to get away from this!  sad \?"
he can always make things better laugh  i can't wait for this weekend laugh  love 33
);
hmm  ?
ughhh!! and i wonder why i hav freaking trust issues! i thought it waz different bt guess not   
i need to think and sort all my thoughts out   
been lonely  it's bad for me to spend so much time by myself thinking about everything that's been happening lately 
today is going to be a good day smile  i cant wait! love 
awhh i hope we get to go on a date to night laugh  that would be amazing! laugh  love 
for the most part had an amazing weekend wit ryan love  it waz sad to see him leave this morning though sad  the bad part about this weekend is my car stopped working so idk what to do now becuz school starts wednesday  sad  im <propfemale> stressed!
i am not lookin forward to school tomorrow sad  i never wanna go bak! i lik being off and doing what ever i want  smile  i miss ryan!! love 
ughh not lookin forward to todayy sad 
today waznt that bad bt my school is horriable at being organized!  sad  bt my cars workin now so yayy!! im <propfemale> excited for that laugh  iloveyouryansmith love 
"this year is ganna be awesome! im done wit the drama of all theses little kids, im in high school to learn and graduate and move on wit my life im not ganna get caught up in the drama and complications of everyone else im here for me! laugh "
ahh i hate wait for a surprise when they tell you that they hav a surprise for me haha lik dont tell me that jst surprise me becuz i am veryy impatient hahaha laugh 
ahh im excited for to night i hope its ganna be good laugh  love 
everythings changing <propfemale> fast i fell lik im laying on the ground watching the world spin in circles bt its going so fast i cant do anything about it bt watch -_-
aye yie yiee! had such a werid dream last night! it felt so real this morning i jumped out of bed thinkin i waz still in the dream 
ahhhh i love getting out of school early laugh  bt once evit started im ganna miss it  sad  hahaha
ughh!! im sooo mad!a manger of 2 store should kno how to be professinal bt whatever now im opened to new options and better e playful erience laugh 
<propfirst> ws here   smile  the best person in her life  (;   besides mr  smith 
ughh <propfemale> tired! got to fill out some applications and go turn them in then i can come home and rest again laugh  lol
i need a job!!  sad 
"i love you <propfirst>!! your the perfect guy for me!! your amazing and i miss you <propfemale> much!! i cant wait for this week to get over,im counting the down the hours till i get to see you next laugh  love "
grrr -_-
"cuz when a heart breaks no it dont break even, while im wide awake she has no touble sleeping, what am i suppose to do when the best part of me waz always you and what am i suppose to say when im all chocked up and your ok   im falling to pieces heart-broken 3"
awhh i cant wait to see <propfirst>!! i miss him  sad 
had an awesome weekend this weekend laugh  i love <propfirst> smith it sucks ima hav to leave soon bt that jst means that theres ganna be something even better next weekend hahaha laugh  love 
ahh im kinda scared to start evit tomorrow  sad  i dnt kno what to e playful cet bt i jst hope everything works out  laugh  i love you <propfirst> smith!! your amazing! love 
ahh!! im <propfemale> excitedd!! evit waz boring todayy bt i kno that <propfemale>n its ganna be <propfemale> crazy bt amazing! ahh i love it!! <propfirst> i love youu love  miss you sweet cheecks laugh 
"ughh!! im sooo stressed!!! i need help, and something needs to change!"
todayy waznt as boring in evit bt still i wanna start doing stuff sad  ahh the weeks almost over finally!! hahah cant wait to see you ryan laugh  i waz talking about you today laugh 
days seem to pass by so quickly now idk if thats a good thing or bad?
ahhh ima wake up early tomorrow so i can get all pretty for pictures tomorrow laugh  bt today waz a very stressful day   idk my life is getting more complacated and stressful wit everyday  sad 
i hope this year goes by fast! it already seems lik its ganna and i cant wait^-^
ughh i hate when stroms come in! it makes my head hurt <propfemale> bad!!d;
ughh fml! im sooo freaking tired!! ima pass out at lik 9! lol
ughh idk    annoyed 
"i have to go to the doctors this morning and then school then evit, i hope we learn something new in evit today! i cant wait! laugh  <propfirst> i had a great time wit you this weekend i miss you already and im counting down the days till i get to see you again laugh  iloveyou baby love "
ughh i'm <propfemale> done wit high school people are immature and stupid  i'm better then this n i jst wanna be on my own wit out all this!
ahh!! i cant wait were finally ganna start doing stuff in evit! this is going to go by wayy to fast sad   smile 
"ugghh it makes me wanna cry jst lookin her in the eye, knowing all the pain she's going threw    i would trade her places any day so she could live a real life not jst being alive day by day   "
had a good day i guess i love the feel of the weather bt i hate all the allergies and headacks that comes wit it sad 
ahh!!  laugh 
woww in jst a dayy my whole life has changed 
wow in jst a couple days my whole life is changing bt in a good way smile 
ughhh!!!!!!!!!!!
hmmm   
"how come when people complement you, you say thank you but in your head your thinking omg thats so not true haha people complement me saying i hav nice skin then i look at my self wit out make up on and try to see what they see   "
???   
hmm this has been an interesting weekend i dnt kno really want to say theres been a lot thats been going on   
we have are ups and downs but when it comes down to the end everything always truns out ok i love that kid to much to ever see walk away  smile  i love you ryan love 
"i had a great dayy bt i can never have one perfect day, when i think its been a perfect day something always happens that ruiens it   "
i feel soooo bad for what i put you threw im so sorry i hope you kno that! love 
"ughh!! why are there <propfemale> many obstacles in my life that keep knocking me further and further down, becuz im gettin really tired of having to keep picking my self up and contiue trying, the thing that keeps pushing me to get up is a kno that some day things are goin to get better and easier i jst wish it could happen quicker   "
i miss you <propfemale> much already its pretty sad annoyed  i almost hate having to see you becuase its a tease i only get to be wit you for a short time then i leave again and it starts over  my heart breaks when i leave bt when im bak you fix it then it happends again   
ahh!! i cant wait till im 18! so many things are going to change in a good wayy i cant wait to start my life on my own  smile 
"i basically live 2 lifes right now, im so happy on the outside bt on the inside   "
had a great but busy weekend this weekend! omgg! lol i'm excited to see how everything turns out smile 
i'm tryin to learn to trust people and let the ones i care about in to my life but it's hard jst to rip the huge block wall down that i've built up aroun my self from getting hurt  the scarest things are the things we dnt kno and the what if's   
grr!!
im still waiting for things to get better lik everyone says   
jst saw my 1st show smile  it waz pretty cool smile lol
pretty good weekend wit my babyy smile  it seemed lik it flew by tho sad  bt last week till fall breakk!!! yuahhh!!!  laugh 
"i cant wait for this week to end, and fall break to began yayy babyy laugh "
does anyone kno wher ryans at if you do can you tell me wher hes at?
"awhh i feel bad for my babyy! hes sick  sad  i hope he gets better soon, cuz i miss him sooo much!!!"
ughh jst two more days till break laugh 
this week is going by <propfemale> slow!and i just found out that my 1st week of break i still have to go to evit ugh! i need a break so bad :<
"ughh! <propfemale> confused about   life, i dnt kno what to do anymore things never use to be this bad bt when one thing in my life goes bad it seems lik my whole world does too    idk why god keeps testing me becuz he should kno one person can only handle so much before they give up, or give in   "
"starting work today smile  bt me and <propfirst> have different shifts today, so ima be bored today hahaha sad "
had a good weekend smile  now chillin wit my babyy all week laugh 
omgg!!i jst had the best idea in the world!! can wait to talkin to my teacher about it tomorrow smile 
shut your mouth you dirty little hamsterrrrrr!!!!! hahahahaahaha!!!! that made me laugh <propfemale> harddd!! laugh 
"awhh  annoyed  im <propfemale> sad, ima miss my amazinngg boyfriend while im at school and hes at work then i gotta go to work  annoyed "
cant wait for this week!! i dnt have to work till thursday andd its fall break! haha laugh 
"had a fun last couple days wit <propfirst> and our friends, hangin out up in cottonwood  now me and <propfirst> are bak to work tomorrow  smile "
i want what we use to hav  annoyed 
helll yeahhh!! i got my 1st pay check todayy!! omg it feels sooo good to get paid for my 1st time laugh d
"ughh i dnt wanna go to skewllll tomorrow  annoyed   \bt this waz a pretty good break becuz i made some money and got to <propfemale> out wit my love  laugh  love "
ugh im missing ryan sad  i dont really feel good and i want him here to take care of me annoyed 
ughh i hate lookin for a job sad  it sucks! let me kno if anyone knows wher there hiring??
"since me and <propfirst> arent doin anything for halloween becuz we're workin i made him a <propfemale> basket that had all his favorite <propfemale> in it and wrote him a little note  smile  i hope you lik it <propfirst>, i jst wanted us to feel lik kids again even for just a night smile "
"awhh im <propfemale> sad that today waz my last day at work annoyed  i really did meet alot of awesome people at work, i got along with almost everyone    bt other then that it waz an awesome e playful erience  laugh  great month laugh "
cant wait for this weekend! this has been a really long stressful week annoyed 
everyone go vote!!!!!
ahh i love the holiday i cant wait for it all to come smile  bt idk it mit be different this year cuz if i get a job i mit hav to work annoyed 
ughh today has been a horriable day! jst not in a good <propfemale> todayy   
ughh today has been a horriable day! jst not in a good mood todayy   
yess!! no school tomorrow  laugh  ganna sleep in finally!! lol cant wait to see my hunnybun this weekend laugh d love 
jst chillin with <propfirst> today  laugh 
awhhh i had the best weekend wit ryan! laugh  i love you babbyy boo smile  i miss youu laugh 
heyy i got my wax machine in so anyone who needs anything waxed(im training to be an aesthitician) bt i have alot of practice! depending on what you need waxed there is different prices bt its all really cheap! i also do facials and make upp and some hair styles 
heyy i got my wax machine in so anyone who needs anything waxed(im training to be an aesthitician) bt i have alot of practice! depending on what you need waxed there is different prices bt its all really cheap! i also do facials and make upp and some hair styles  just message me on here and ill give you my number to schedule an appointment 
heyy i got my wax machine in so anyone who needs anything waxed(im training to be an aesthetician) bt i have alot of practice! depending on what you need waxed there is different prices bt its all really cheap! i also do facials and make upp and some hair styles 
i had the most amazing weekend wit <propfirst>  laugh  this past month and a half we have gotten even closer then we were befor its the most amazing feeling ever laugh  i love you babyy boo laugh  love 
phewww!! zumba classes are intense!!! if anyone wants a great work out take that class!! hahaha laugh 
happy thanksgiving everyone laugh  love 
this weekend waz crazyy!! i love you <propfirst> and thankyou for staying with me all weekend  laugh  hahaha awesome weekend  laugh 
these's next couple months are ganna kill me i feel bad for <propfirst> becuz im stressing out already just wait annoyed 
i love the christmas time laugh 
went and saw tangled & due date to night with <propfirst> and holly smile 
"i miss you, it feels <propfemale> werid you not being wit me  love \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_gryyyyyyyyus"
goodmoring baby i love you i hope you have an amazing day!  love 
im pretty excited for tomorrow  smile  we have a hair make up show i think its ganna go good we put sooo much work in to this haha and im excited to get all dressed up too  smile 
this was the shortest weekend ever! bt we didnt even do anything so idk why it went by <propfemale> fast sad  its sad sad  i miss you ryan! love 
ughh this week is going to be <propfemale> stressful! bt after this week i get to be wit <propfirst>  laugh  love 
"ahh! i finally got an acid peel, it kinda burnt im not ganna lie haha bt it made my face really white bt soft smile "
ughh finals tomorrow  sad  wish me good luck sad 
finally on winter break! laugh 
ughh everythings turning out to be so complicated!
ughh!!
"well bak at my house, and no ones home yes! laugh "
cant wait for it to be christmas so i can see my baby smile  and get presents  laugh  lol
<propfemale> christmad everyone have a great day laugh 
"i jst went on an epic journey to go discover my last christmas present hahaha my family put my niece, <propfirst> and me on a scavenger hunt all around <propfemale> creek hahaha i got an awesome laptop!  laugh  thankyou!!!! love you!"
i love my new laptop! im <propfemale> glad that i got one  laugh 
<propfirst> and i have a lotttt to do this week haha last week off  sad 
ganna go shopping!!! hell yeahh laugh 
danggg ive never spent <propfemale> much money on 3 things hahaha woow! lol
ahh! well see what tomorrow brings us  annoyed 
finally ganna go on a double date! haha ryan&me and chad&amanda  laugh 
yayy!! its raininggg!! laugh 
had a pretty late night last night and <propfirst> sucks at letting me sleep in  sad  hahaha
"this year has started off amazing, and it all started with a kiss from the one i love smile  love "
omg!!! i have the best most amazing sweetest boyfriend!!! ughh i love you him <propfemale> much he jst keeps making my day better and better  laugh  how did i get so lucky laugh 
kinda feeling overwhelmed thinking about all the things i need to get to gather and start doing before may ah! its scary next year im going to be a senior  laugh  bt there's alot that i need to do and get threw before i am there but its exciting that im almost finally done with this school year yes! laugh 
awhh <propfemale> has been sooo cute lately! she doesnt hate me anymore yayyy!!! its amazing how much she can comprehend being so young shes the cuties little baby ever! i love her with my whole heart i feel bad for all the things she has to go threw she doesn't deserve that sad 
we're ganna go climb camel back today smile 
phewww!!! hahahahahaha!!! <propfirst> just made my freaking dayy hahahaha!! your hilarious <propfirst> smith just hilarious  smile 
had a great weekend with ryan smile  im glad this is going to be a short week because this weekend is ganna be awesome! laugh  i love you ryan! love  miss you hun smile 
"im finally realizing that you can never <propfemale> on to the good things and that you find out quickly who you can trust and who you cant, im ganna conquer every obstacle in my way by my self if i have to because in the end you, yourself, and i is the only person that you can trust and thats ganna be there when everyone else fails you  everything happens for a reason and i need to remember those words   "
just one more day till its friday! laugh  just gotta make it threw hahaha
yayy!! cant wait for tomorrow ive been scrubbin it out all week so i think ima step it up tomorrow hahaha but we'll see in the morning laugh 
just hanging out this weekend with my buttercup laugh 
"go steelers! black and yelloww, black and yellow laugh  you kno what it is laugh "
"what did i do to people to deserve to be treated this way, i always try to be nice to everyone and be a friend to anyone un-till they show me they arent good, im always the one who gets stepped on and over looked for once i want people who are good to me and who will be there for me because i try my hardest to be there for everyone else i wish i could get that back in return   "
learning microdermabrasion todayy im <propfemale> excited! and then make up laugh  if anyone needs a cheap facial and waxings come check out evit on wednesdays& fridays and request me  smile  basic facial is 10$ here's the number (480-461-4033) call and make a appointment  smile 
got the microdermabrasion done todayy!! yayy my face is ganna be lookin goooodd laugh 
finally colored baack the blonde but i kinda started to like it urghh  sad 
bored!! sad 
just applied for a job at a spa lets cross our fingers laugh 
"i had the worst day of my life today! i woke up this morning to a flat tire aweesoomee then you kno i went on wit my boring dayy then when im fiinnaalllyy on my way to leave evit i cant freaking start my car my battery is dead!! woww awesomee dayy for deseraeee, i wanna kno what i did too deserve thiss amazing dayy  sad  wtf"
i just had lik an hour conversation wit my parents about how i shouldn't give up my dreams and i just need to keep dreaming and eventually if i work hard enough i will achieve what i want then i come back in my room and <propfirst>'s asleep what a greaatt fridayy night!  annoyed  now i have a date wit pizza and <propfirst> lopez  smile 
"had a pretty good day today, <propfirst> & i went on a double date withh <propmale> & <propfirst> we went to downtown scottsdale it waz crowed! hahaha then we came home and now we're over at my parents friends house celebrating my moms birthdayy smile  i guess im d d tonight aweeesooomeee   "
hanging out with the family and my babyy smile 
awhh my babyy is sick i feel bad for him sad  and there's lik nothing i can do to help him awhhh  sad 
"awhh i had to leave my babyy today  sad  i feel bad for him hes still sick, but we are learning makeup in evit this month finalnnllyy!!!! im excited! laugh "
omg! i am finding sooo many tight makeup ideas! i cant wait to recreate them lol smile 
<propfirst> smith: i love you <propfemale> much! i hope your feeling better and i hope you have a great dayy babyy! sorry for falling asleep last night i waz really tired hahaha text me when you wake up love you byee smile 
"going to school, had to do senior sign up for classes yesterday ahh!! crazyy! well im trying to still figure out what i wanna do at evit but i think i kno  smile  im ganna be soooo busy next year! but its all ganna help me in the future  smile  love you <propfirst> even though your a little purve hitting on teachers pshhh lol smile "
yayy!!! i wanna kno what i wanna do at evit next year! i wanna take the medical biotechnology class im sooo exciteddd!!!  smile  and im completely on track with graduation bt i mit have to take a 0hour though sad ( ughh! maybee hahaha
had the best day dream today i thought it waz really its <propfemale> depressing when you realize reality sucks hahaha
"hopefully not going to school tomorrow because i dont wanna die hahaha \sooo ill sleep in  smile  sounds nicee laugh "
"ughh i hate being such a jealous person, not just when it comes to my boyfriend but just with friends, family etc   "
"ughh!! i hate drunk people, certain people in my family, so called\friends\"" and when people dont text me backkk    freaking awesomee life huh?"""
awhh <propfemale> just made my morning! she called me and actually said i love youu!! that never happens  smile 
i still have hope for the steelers!!!!  laugh  go boyss!! laugh  black&yelloww love 
woww i suck at all games!! hahaha smile 
i am very disappointed in the steelers sad 
i still get nervous when i see that you texted me  wink   love 
"started off having a good dayy, then   "
learning makeup at evit and now i cant look at anyone's make up the same hahaha the dirty little secrets of makeup artists  wink 
i love doing makeup!  smile 
i just wanna have a relaxing weekend with my babyy smile  since we wont be able to spend valentines day to gather  sad 
got to see <propfirst> todayy smile  we just chilled for lik a couple hours cuz we had a half day but then i have evit ughh annoyed 
going to ryans graduation to night smile  in scottsdale right now smile 
had a good night last night just chillin smile  now what to do what to doo   
ughh why does life have to be so confusing   
valentines day is ganna suck    annoyed 
ughh i hate job searching haha it sucks!! lol
ughh i've filled out like a million applications and sent out lik a hundred emails to people i hope i get some interviews!  smile 
ughh i hate my life  annoyed  im never ganna get a job sad ((
<propfirst> smith jr i love youu <propfemale> muchh! love  sweet dreams boo laugh 
ughh irritated with the male kind    stupid boys!
 sad  thats all i have to say   
it feels sooo nice outside! laugh  i love this weather  laugh 
had an awesome movie night we <propfirst> last night  laugh  ughh but i have to go home early todayy  sad 
ughh boring day with out my love by my side  sad   love 
"i wish i could be understood to the fullest, but i cant even understand my self so idk how anyone else could understand me   "
im glad i got to see <propfirst> todayy  smile 
omg!! i freaking love teen mom 2! ughh its <propfemale> sad it makes me cry everytime i freaking watch this show hahaha my favorite couple is <propfemale> & corey! love 
yayy i got a client todayy  smile 
"i just watched the last song, omgg <propfemale> good! i just kinda wished they picked a better actress i dont think miley <propmale> is a good actor  annoyed "
ughh i hate arizona's weather!! every time it changes from hot to cold i freaking get a little cold  annoyed  grrr!!!
"yayy! now im actually excited for skills! i got a client, got what i want the makeup to look like and ganna pre-pare tomorrow so im for suree ready laugh "
so i mit of gotten a job??^_-
had a good weekend  smile  i love you love 
have a lot on my mind right now    but i guess we're just ganna take it day by dayy and see what happens   
what should i do for my 17th birthday?! i need help because <propfirst> sucks at helping me think  sad  jk i love you boo love 
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately    re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world! i do
i just want it to be friday already  laugh 
thankyou babyy!! i love you! i cant wait to see you this weekend  laugh   love 
   ?
hopefully todays a better day smile 
ughh!! i waz playing league of legends with <propfirst> right now and it waz like my 1st time playing yeahh i kno i suck but this guy on there kepptt talking smackkk ughh it mad me so sad annoyed  im never playing again  sad 
ughh! i hate the wind!! > sad 
hmm???  laugh 
ughh im starting to feel old hahaha jk but my body hurts  annoyed 
hahaha had a good day i guess hahaha ganna give my self a little spa day todayy  smile 
made cupcakes and they look awesome!! laugh 
thankyou everyone! i had a great birthday yesterday my family(ryan's family+mine) all went to carrabba's italian food place and i had the best meal ever! and the most e playful ensive meal ever hahaha then we went and saw red ridding hood that was a pretty good movie but thankyou everyone for the birthday wishes it waz great smile  im 17 now laugh 
omggg this weekend is going by sooo quick! hahaha we have to do something todayy hahaha smile 
the things i want that i will never get
just chillin at the house todayy got to get some things done todayy then ganna go back to scottsdale smile 
i know this is what i wanted but i just didnt realize how hard its really ganna be    annoyed 
"i think im ganna start my own business, i already have a name and business cards and price list hahaha that would be awesome! i just have to get all the products  annoyed "
omg!! most boringest day ever!!!!! haha 1st day of training awesomee annoyed  lol
happy st  patricks day  smile  lets do something fun to night laugh 
i can already tell im ganna love working at <propfirst>  smile  not becuz i like working fast food but the people are <propfemale> nicee! im probably the youngest person working there but ohh well haha im ganna work harder then anyone and prove im a good worker  smile 
ughh i hate being such a jealous person  annoyed   it always hurts me in the end
my boyfriend makes me laugh hahaha he's such a little crack head sometimes its funny to watch hahaha  playful  lol
all i can think about is youuu <propfirst>  annoyed  i hatee being away from youu!  sad  you'll be in my dreams to night  smile   love  5 23 09  love 
"omgg! hahaha 1st full day at work, yeahh i  messed up a couple times but its all good haha very stressful but i made it  laugh "
ughh have to go to school todayy  annoyed 
yayy!! its ganna get cold again! i lovee the cold! hahaha  smile 
what the hell??!! at&t just bought out tmobile?? wtf lol
life    haha
life's a journey and im just ridding along  smile 
ughhh went to sleep soooo early last night i dont think i can go bak to sleep haha i mit play league of legends hahaha im bored  smile 
my little rain drop  smile 
hahaha he keeps me entertained  smile  lol
haha todayy waz a good day  smile  actually got ready todayy that deserves a clap and i half  wink  (eliset & <propfemale>)
hmm what to do todayy what to dooo  smile  any idea's anyone??
omgg had the most amazing day today smile  got to spend time with my boo and go on a double date  smile  wish it couldn't end so soon  sad  but gotta work tomorrow  sad 
ughh <propfemale> tired  sad  and i start school again tomorrow  sad 
ughh!!! i dont want to go to school tomorrow! i miss youu <propfirst>  sad 
i lovee being an aesthetician! i love helping other people feel beautiful  smile 
"everyone's always busy these days, no one ever has time anymore to just sit down and have a decent conversation    i miss the old days when people could just take time to wanna <propfemale> out and talk just because    but no one's ever there for you anymore"
awhh  sad  just watch the final finale of teen mom where <propfemale> and <propfirst> get married! awhhh!!! i almost started crying! that waz <propfemale>o freaking adorable! when <propfirst> saw <propfemale> walking down the aisle he started busting out crying because she looked <propfemale> beautiful awhh it waz <propfemale>o sweet! hahaha i know im a loser  annoyed  lol
ughh noo foooddd innn theee houseee  sad ( sad day  sad 
ughhhhh!!!!!!! there's sooo manyy things that you could say but some times your just have to bite your lip and hold it back    ughh!!!its soooooooo hard to sometimes ughh!!!
i think i have finally narrowed it down what university's i think i want to attend now all i have to do it get information on them  smile  yayy!
"awesome weekend, got to spend time with my babyy smile  but work really puts a cramp in my lifee hahaha hopefully its starts to get better lol i only have to deal with this till summer then we'll see what happens  smile "
i loovvveeeeeeee myyy booyyffrriieennddd ryyaannn smiithh jr! love 
ahh!! im <propfemale> excited! this place is beautiful!! its better then new york!  laugh 
the scariest things in life is the what ifs and the unknown   
ehh had a good morning i guess now off to evit then work awesome laugh 
soooo tired!  sad 
crazy adventure   
"hahaha the things that come out when your mad, its a total reality check for some people  smile "
 sad  it ended so horrible   
ayee yiee yiee! so much stress!! hahaha i hope i could get this job closer! laugh 
i cant handle living here anymore!!! not if i have to share my house with someone who doesnt deserve to be in my life
aye yie yie! studying for my second interview at massage envy! im sooo excited!! but i have to memorize 2 <propfemale> sales pitch in 2 days! hahaha awesome!  annoyed 
dangg hahaha that waznt as hard as i thought lol i already pretty much have it all memorized  smile 
i always have the most random-est people in my dream    what does that mean?
got my mannequin head today! hahaha ganna have so much fun with this laugh  lol
ahhh!!! nervous for my interview tomorrow at massage envy! hahaha
wish me luck everyone for my interview tomorrow! i love you <propfirst> <propfirst> smith! love 
wish me good luck tomorrow everyone! love  i love you <propfirst> <propfirst> smith!
"my interview went good today, its just the drive   idk about that?"
somtimes i second guess my self but i get lost in the confusion and idk what to believe anymore    
interesting   
your the only person i want attention from    and the only person i don't get it from   
ahh!!! so excited! lol
things are back to normal smile 
"ughh it sucks not having money  sad  i always yell at <propfirst> for needing to save but these past 2 checks i've just blown hahahaha what on you say?? lets see food,gas,food,gas uhhh maybe some more gas and foooodd hahahaha wow lol  annoyed "
ughh tired! my feet hurt but i have the weekend off next week! laugh 
dangg im such a loner these days    hahahaha
ohh yeahh i forgot to tell you guys i got the job at massage envy!  laugh 
hahahaha yummy buttermilk ranch at a perfect roasting 95degree's laugh  hahahahaha inside joke!
yayy!! time to fill out all the exciting paper work for massage envy! hahaha not! lol idk what any of it means lol  annoyed 
ah! one more month and it will be 2 wonderful years!5 23 2009 hahaha thats not even a long time lol the 1st year went by pretty slow but this last year flewww by! omg! hahaha
this weekend pasted by to fast    hahaha
right now when i dont have the means to help everyone out so you got to worry about yourself but once i do have the means to help everyone i will that's how it should be 
people change sooo muchh! its funny though because they change into who they said they didn't want to be 
grrr!!! where can i get some cute little party dresses for like under 30 or cheaper?! i need help!!!! hahaha
"always the one thats left behind, broken and forgotten   "
"i might hug other guys, i might laugh with other guys, i might even <propfemale> out with other guys   but none of them will ever mean to me as much as you do "
ughh!! i just have to make it threw like 27 more days and hopefully everything will change    just 27 more days   
ughh! money is <propfemale> stressful! i dont make enough for how much i need to spend hahaha isnt that how it always is  laugh  lol
"the 1st time you fall in love changes your life forever, & no matter how hard you try the feeling never goes away  love "
"to love someone deeply gives you strength, being loved by someone gives you courage  smile "
everyone always tells me how mature i am and how responsible but then when it comes down to proving that i am no one allows me to make my own decisions    awesomeeeee
im screwed im never ganna finish this project!!!!!!
this weekend went by to fast  annoyed 
awhh i really regret not going this year  sad  i hope things will work out next year though smile 
"im sorry i speak the truth and call people out when i think its necessary, but i stopped caring    im ganna speak my mind and tell the truth, thats all i have to say im done holding back how i feel just to please others because its hurting me now "
had an amazing weekend  smile  it was nice to get to escape haha it felt like we were living summer camp haha that's what <propmale> frost said  smile  lol had a nice time seeing my long lost friends and getting to chill with my baby smile  and having frosty to keep things interesting  playful  lol
"whats the secret to your feet not hurting from workin, because i aint gellin  playful "
i love the people i work with hahaha it makes work sooo much better! lol  smile  goodnight world laugh 
