ca985cfcec567110b326c595663b7ea1
the stars incline; they do not determine 
"<propfemale> is a high virtue, but virtue can hurt you "
   und um erlösung wirst du flehen 
"i rule here, insect "
"i like the way you struggle, but you know i'm here to win "
could you miss your own humanity?
cynicism makes the heart grow farther 
"the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do "
oh you bastards  
"god hasn't always been listening to me, hell has it's way with the pros "
spend some quality time with the demons of mine  
cell phone's dead   nuff said 
"all i need is this city in this mind, and i will get by   fuck sleep, fuck all of you!  but i can never look back, because you never get a second <propmale>    i like people who can take the pressure!  our new time has come, ladies and gentlemen, boys and gir"
"if you want crazy, if you want fucking crazy, i'll show you how to be crazy: fuck youuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"three citations, one month? i'm on a roll  "
moving?
learn to follow the wolves 
i'm not so invincible now 
something is amiss here  
and suddenly   i miss my laser!
"god damnit, i'm two hours early for class   - -'"
"technical terms at their finest   me: its prolly still in the registry  lisha: you know i'm not good with this shit, lol   lisha: heh? me: this doodad that does stuff that is composed of the doohickeys you put into your what-cha majigger  lisha: lol, ooooh that, okay "
"is it bad when your professor is searching for ways to discover whether or not his class is \mentally ill\""?"""
i really suck at this sleep thing 
the calm road isn't working very well 
holey fawks    i'm makin a fuckin laser on that note!
(-(- (- -) -)-)
all shall fear my lasery wrath 
i think my brain just broke 
fuckers stole my thunder!!
"all i need is this city in this mind, and i will get by  fuck sleep, fuck all of you!"
i'll kill you with laughter   trust me 
"a <propmale>, in my own mind "
"in this hole, its a 6 to 1 ratio  and the 1 comes out on top "
and i was almost asleep   - -'
what a tangled web we weave 
truth begets hatred 
it is a good day to die 
the corruptor of souls  
"ya ever hit someone in the ear, just to hear a fight club line? i know i have "
filthy   irritants  all of em 
"spend some quality time, with the demon of mine "
i am an enemy of time and space  its war now 
what's on my mind? its 5 mother fuckin in the god damn mornin  that's whats on my mind   and soda   soda would be nice 
ain't found a way to kill me yet 
these black rain drops keep falling down  and i may never know why 
"pardon me, while i burst into flames "
the worms are on the march 
"riddles, riddles, riddles    and so much more to come "
blood for the blood god!
"there is no such thing as innocence, only degrees of guilt"
raaaggghhh!!!!
zeal is it's own excuse 
what's on my mind? why it's rolly time    bitches   
burn the heretic   kill the mutant   purge the unclean 
walk straight for a final solution 
no rest for the wicked 
*twitch*
let the strength of your will match the stone of your walls 
"done with everything, die for nothing "
they don't make em like they used to 
stupid fucks  
"take me away, anyway that's not my way, i don't care   i don't care which way  toss me aside, i won't crash, i will never trust  done with everything, die for nothing "
"shadow, my sweet shadow  no one loves you "
"words are spoken, reason is unheard "
i miss my laser 
irony is my friend 
\and now, have i not told you that what you mistake\ca985cfcec567110b326c595663b7ea1,and the gears are turning 
"i stab people, 4, 5 people everyday \\i tried to see a shrink to stop that shit but it ain't no fucking way-\\i stabbed him, stabbed his nurse and his fucking cat!\\stabbed them!  stabbed them all like that "
is awaiting the return of the laser 
"\the true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be \"""""
the laser- part one of two   has arrived!!!
"i've spoken to fools, the intelligent, and the narcissistic   and they are one in the same "
certain demeanors provoke similar responses  remember that children 
"hey! what are you looking at?\she was a happy girl the day that she left me \she turned away what was she looking at?\she was a sour girl the day that she met me \hey! what are you looking at?\she was a teenage girl when she met me   "
isn't ready for square nothing yet  
"everywhere i look you're all i see,\just a fading fucking reminder of who i used to be "
sometimes    i like to be awesome  and thus i was 
yay three hours!
greeat    laptop won't charge 
and you'll see that beauty fades when she dies 
worst wake-up ever  
now help me pray for the death of everything new 
"now in the dark world where i dwell, ugly things,\ and surprising things,\ and sometimes little wondrous things, spill out at me constantly, and i\ can count on nothing "
spend some quality time with the demon of mine 
and it's back to the book 
"a <propmale>, in my own mind "
"is disappointed in master locks for being so \easy  "
"sometimes, it's so very nice to hate you all   smile "
fuel to the fire 
today is gonna be one long ass day 
"if you ever have to give up, go with <propfemale> and head held high "
dear 6th ave unimart  i hate you 
who has starcraft 2    i do   take that worms!
how disappointing  
"i am immortal, i rule the slaughter, and side by side we ride "
"i've named her mystery  there is no face, no voice, no memory  she'll be my mystery "
"sometimes, i feel like i could rule the world   and someday, you will get yours  wish- that it is not by my hand "
"it's the grey days that i'll remember the most, it's the grey times in the water before morning "
"our thoughts can flow and change just as things in the universe flow and change, but a word, once uttered, cannot be changed "
imagine if this all came down 
heavy about everything but my love 
"sometimes, just watching you live makes me hate you "
"ride, side by side  touching the fire in the soul of ours, tonight as we ride- into the moonlight "
"all i need is this city in this mind, and i will get by  fuck sleep, fuck all of you! but i can never look back, because you never get a second <propmale>   i like people who can take the pressure! our new time has come, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls  welcome the fuck home!"
"take time away, go rage my friend  everyone goes far here- today, and i can see the change come- here "
yep    i'm ready to leave again  
"some say the end is near  some say we'll see armageddon soon  i certainly hope we will cause i sure could use a vacation from this silly shit, stupid shit   "
"skizzbeef, the omniscient!"
sooner or later the nights with the satyr will bring back the memory leaving you money and time 
don't forget who the real monster is here  *grins*
"\oh don't talk of love\"" the shadows purr", murmuring me away from you \ca985cfcec567110b326c595663b7ea1,"ride, side by side  touching the fire in the soul of ours, tonight as we ride- into the moonlight "
"push back the square now that you need her- but you don't, so there you go  \pushed back to square now that you've kneed her- in the throat  well there you go "
what a crap-tastic night  see ya in a few months mr  laptop 
"wants to watch westerns, drink beers, smoke reds, and pass out  random as it may be, it sounds comforting, admit it "
"schenk mir dein herzblut, vergieß es für mich  schick mir die sintflut, lass es regnen auf mich!"
"i am immortal, i rule the slaughter, and side by side we ride "
"we are the chosen ones, we sacrifice our blood, we kill for honour \we are the holy ones, our armour stained with blood, we killed the dragon "
"desktop graphics card: 200°f\laptop battery: dead \new fan for graphics card: 13 99 (that's with shipping)\new laptop charger: $24 88\$11 difference between laptop and desktop: irritating "
"someday, i'll end you "
loves racial slurs 
"i can rebuild you- i can make you stronger, faster, more compact    and bad ass  but you'll look a bit ghetto-rigged  that okay?"
the curse of memory is to be plagued with flashbacks for the rest of your life 
angers worst enemy: stoicism 
"often, you only need three words for any situation "
"there are those to whom knowledge is a shield, and those to whom it is a\ weapon  neither view is balanced, but one is less unwise  - keeper annals"
"so gmail just interrogated me, and texted me   because i typed my password wrong twice  then forced me to change my password  hell brings the fury of google security "
nearing the end of my crippled state  i shall soon be travel worthy!
"knowledge is power, guard it well "
what a waste of a perfectly good friday night 
tick    tock  
needs an impossibly epic movie   like lord of the rings crossed with shoot em up and 300 
"for the first time in five years, i may have found a trail "
i think i may just shit brix 
no one has earned my ire quite like you  count the days foreward this time 
the end is nigh!
devils advocate ready   and- go!
your heartbeat has stopped- your soul is mine 
think it's about that time again 
i love how i set facebook to auto scroll like i'm watching the news ticker on cnn 
he's back from the dead   straight back from hell 
and so it begins 
some people have it best  until later 
this   is   frei-tag!!
"burn down jerusalem!\light up, and carpe diem!"
i have made a decision today  and it's one that the whole world will pay 
boldly stride the doomed 
"'till things are brighter, i'm the man in black "
"we live in a world of waves, both good and bad  but no matter how they roll, it's not about how you roll with them  but how you can stand through them "
so it begins 
"now everyone, imagine life    if i was a cop   laugh "
burn down jerusalem- light up and carpe diem!
"ride, side by side, touching the fire in the soul of ours, tonight as we ride-\\into the moonlight"
fucking stars 
tick-tock   tick-tock  
"duffman never dies, only the actors who play him  hoo-yeah!"
"decided to listen to iron maiden, two minutes to midnight   only to realize i started the song at 11:58pm  my night is complete "
i bring tidings of doom   and christmas cookies! who wants one!? they're laced with love and arsenic!  laugh 
time to spread the news  we just had a drive by  town is goin to hell 
is too observant at times 
there's a traitor in our midst  > >
i think i just noticed something and i must ask   is the ground floor open tomorrow? o o
has discovered his new laser  *evil grin*
"falling from grace 'cause i've been away too long \leaving you behind with my lonesome song \now i'm lost in oblivion "
that just fucked up the whole system of <propmale> 
metall!!! *head bangs*
i need someone highly knowledgeable in advanced electronics  know anyone?
how could i be condemned for the things that i've done    if my intentions were good?
i'm thinkin about taking on the great elimination   it's long overdue 
"adding a challenge to your life, day by day "
