74d1186bb62ab19aeb6b5837a5778ef9
so up all night n now work til 2 then i gotta craaaaaaaash 
siiiiick
ah florida is great c:  [won first 2 games] nxt at 130  c: cross ur fingers
home sweet home c:
"senior yr c: its almost over --- then college c annoyed :"
summer- one month left!
huntington high school  vs  lufkin high school
monday-omg wat will i do? shop  laugh 
how fast ur life can change- one second can literally change 50 yrs
tired
teenage world is great
gd day-gd day
you gave me a promise
the tick tock of the clock is painful
17 days   o o
this is it c: time for the count down   laugh 
is it even legal to ground a 17 yr old this soon to school?
worst monday morning in like 3 monthes   grounded+school+tired
only making this monday worse    ugh rain
classes are okayyy
new phone pretty awesome
crazy boring in gov    save me?
still bored ugh
its hoooot  i feel myself cookin
blackberry has amazed me once again
football game friday- when can we get tickets?
good morning c:
grandma is officially scared
that meeting sucked
love tardies
where can u buy panther shirts?
academy was total fail     walmart even worse 
its been storming since like 1 am  make it stop o o
senior sunrise has been moved same time but in the cafeteria
i hate rain plus it scares the dog  laugh 
stupid physics and stupid credit mess up
game tonight c:
just hit up academy c:
ugh work today kinda sucks
he's a 'to the left' problem
school ugh 
i hate tuesdays that feel like mondaysss but i love fridays that r like thursdays
entreprenuership is boring better get me outta here
government is crazy dull  need entertainment
unwed a senior shirt
i need*
good thing i came right home someone left my puppy out for 3 hrs!
only girl in the world could be so much better
at school so yeaaaaaah 
so happy  no physics c:
headache!
waking up is getting harder and harder
this class always gives me a headache!
going to <propmale>?
costcos anybody?
lines r terrible
just got home finally  now to sleep 
just a wild flower
i wanna go back to bed
need a nap and its only 2nd period
english 4  ew
only 30 years?
walmart?
i need serious sleep!
crazy tired
i hate mornings
wat r u? apple pear strawberry or peach?   i'm a fruit cocktail miss
nap on the floor under the desk
my tired have nitrogen     just now finding this out o o
tires
crazy tired maaaan need a nap
game tomorrow anybody wanna go?
i love fridaysss
if u don't want dings from school park by a car that is probably the kids parents or a really big anything
after school i need something to do! so yeah
running late and a parked terrible ugh
"easy a (pg-13, 1 hr  33 mins )  is playing 9 23 2010 at 5 surprise 0  anybody wanna join me?"
at civic center
that was amazing 
crazyyy tired
no school!
so yeah  i might just go to the spirit of halloween today at about 445?
bleh third lunch is gonna suck!
okay today is decent
i hate how my pics on my phone have my exact location
we walk the same path but we got different shoes
okay so i kinda hate this class
nothing like sonic to start the long day ahead 
so this might be boring 
so i'd like to have more friends but according to my mom in too obnoxious for teenagers to like me 
is it bad that i only let my gma in my car is when i want her to buy me something?
need someone to halloween shop with 
11 more weeks of school     they need to hurry up
so i'm feelin like a neeeerd
"an education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know  it's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't  anatole <propfemale>"
tomorrow after school anybody?
anybody wanna go to walmart at like 7am?
10 weeks and 1 day hurry up n flyyyy by
saturday n sunday shopping for senior pics anybody wanna join?
okay soooo ready to get out of here and go home!
truth is?
my phone is being crazy weird
bleh 
so civic center at 10!
sooo its kinda sunday n i'm kinda blehish
homecoming! who's going?
blah
okay my grandma trying to use an ipad is officially the funniest thing i've seen
so readyyy for 1030
nothing like smoothie <propmale> cheeto zingers and cosmo c:
i have an extra homecoming ticket  let me kno if interested
so a <propfemale> guy is presenting in my first period
after school gotta get paranomal 2 tickets c:
homecoming friday! be happyyyyyy
nybody wanna <propfemale> before homecoming?
at <propmale> <propfirst>
at homecoming game vs oak ridge
about to watch the social network
forced cannibalism
just ate pizza probably gonna watch tv  txt me
so i have senior pics at 10am so i am gonna get to stay at home
somebody should check me putts class
outts
outta
so yearbooks c:
a b a a a  pretty decent
me-omg 46 is way too freakin cold
silence
brother- it say 47 now so it'll be okay
so anybody wanna <propfemale> out instead of trick or treating?
at school now the count down starts
so my family is full of chauvinistic men
the school freakiing stiinks
if lil <propmale> was white he  would have only been in jail for 2 weeks
driving around lufkin bored let me kno if u wanna <propfemale> for a bit
where is all this smoke from?
soooo its cold and i'm at school and i forgot to change my car clock thing so yeah
i wanna go back to bed  i feel like i'm forgetting something important today 
so gotta write it down  ugh 
now i've got a job  sad 
cosmo and cranberry vanilla sprite 
still standing on my 2 feet bc i'm a child of god
i can't stand it!
gonna die in here
people put you down enough you start to believe it
i never get tired of pretty woman  i love <propfemale>  or across the universe 
i don't wanna go to schoooooool                 
c:
toy story 3
so after 30 minutes of arguing i decided blue is my favorite colour
first day of training was pretty good c:
"so after sonic got my order wrong, a stupid driver and realizing i'm still tired  i've decided that today is gonna be pretty bad"
i guess i'm going to the mall
so lufkinisd is freaking stupid
okay since we r the only kids in school we should boycott
i am legend fllowed by drunk driving story makes for a very sad day
today i realized how close this is to ending  i'm not ready to graduate  its going to be like being set out of prison after serving most of ur life- these people and ways are all i know  but maybe new doors will lead to better things
at work on break 
old navy 
anybody wanna shop?
just got off only 7 hrs before i go back 
at work and sooooo tired
so i'm crazy tired bc somebody got me to go to walmart to  12
so she kidnapped me n we went to walmart and then bww and made fun of people while hiding behind magazines when they looked  so fun yet so tired 
so   yeah!
bought jan2011 cosmo
everybody needs that one friend that even when ur both broke u still have an amazingly fun time 
soooo its friday!
work
so i'm watching my brothers eat trizzlers while running on the treadmill 
zoo 
just pet a rhino 
so the animals were cuuuuuute
so i'm at work dreading getting off bc i have junk to do  anybody wanna join ?ill drive
so tired  and its only tuesday
so mad
at mcdolanaldssss
this pond stuff is fucking stupid and cold
sooo work 10 to 7 
just got new case
moooovies c:
at school fucking colld
english is so boring and i'm so far behind
soooo cookies n drpepper
so i'm tired and at school early for a final   teacher better remember  tomorrow is my last day of highschool  c: excited yet sad
stupid
any plans?
every man dies  not every man really live  <propfirst> <propmale>
cooking then work from 4 to 10 then family and finally sleep
so i need new years plans
so i guess i'm gonna shop some tomorrow morning afternoon  message txt if u wanna join?
the beginning of the last day of 2010
yall have school tomorrow  lol i doooont 
first accident today  scared me pretty bad
why am i such a push over
orientation is gonna suck 
bed still c:
line  ugh 
soooo shopping 
sick and i have to work! i'm gonna be miserable
i hate how ppl take advantage of young kids with money
soooooo college is a fail 
sooo i have a class at ac in the cs building  where the fuck is that?
wow meant sc building  laugh 
sooooooo tired
<propfemale> inbox me ur bday   
i'm off tuesday and wednesday c:
in parking lot  crazyyyy bored  ew 
so today has been crazy productive  now to wait for brothers to get home to help me clean out my car c:
so at ac  pretty tired
too early   
so i love how when ur half asleep someone calls and u say a lot and don't remember  like being drunk with no hangover 
so i'm not going from huntington all the way to ac in this!
finally home time to sleep
class til 230 then work 4 to 9
http annoyed  a mw cnn com primary _tg4xuf-icybbmvorr
little snows   they keep getting in my eyes  laugh 
parallel parked first time ever c:
movies?
so schooool then work eww 
omg just realized how close my bday really is c:
its beautiful c:
march 13th can't get here fast enough
due date laugh isappointing 
i love how ever pic i take has my exact location 
sick much?
anybody have satterwhite
too early   
way to early 
