0b658d6ceb99aa4c37481aaba1fa1849
"is on my way to hot springs, then to gurdon, then to prescott   that's the plan anyways    smile "
woo hoo! go hogs!!
is so thankful for my wonderful friends!
is cleaning   blah 
has such a wonderful life!  smile 
is excited about starting my project! if i ever get to it today   going to buy paint for it then headed to gurdon to eat lunch with friends! life is good!  smile 
"is worn out and it's only monday! i'm also thinking my project is turning out to be bigger than i planned  sanding is a tough job, lol  hopefully i'll have it finished by this weekend   smile "
"had a great time at the lake today, even though the water was hot   "
loves sundays!!  smile 
thinks she's gonna sleep in til 6 smile 0 tomorrow   
finished my furniture!! woo hoo!! now if i can just fit it all into my <propfemale> apartment!   smile 
is headed to a bunco party!
had so much fun tonight!
is getting ready to go to the lake!!
had a great time at the lake tonight!
is wishing everyone a happy and safe 4th of july!!
"is going to church, hope you have a great sunday!  smile "
is going to zumba!
is headin' to bed   going to dierks in the morning to see my grandma!
is going to dierks to see my grandma!!  smile 
has sooo much to do before saturday!! maybe i should make a list   
"if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want(be nice)  when you are finished post this paragraph in your own staus and you'll be surprised about what people remember about you "
is <propfemale> tired and i haven't packed a thing yet!!
is finally getting ready to head to <propmale>!!! i never made a list   hope i don't forget anything!  smile 
just got home!! i have a ton of stuff to do but waitin til tomorrow!
is headin' to the gym!
loves my bbc family!! i hate that we only get together 2 times a year  can't wait for the labor day retreat!!
has a lot to do today   lets see how much i get accomplished!  smile 
"can't believe how fast this summer has gone by! for once, i'm not ready for summer to be over! it's gonna get crazy busy in the next few weeks, i think it's starting to sink in about my new job   getting nervous  it's so hard to believe i won't be at gps "
is starving   
is <propfemale> glad to see that all the kids made it home from <propmale> safely!  it's such a blessing to have a place like that where the kids can get away from everyday struggles for a week (or two!) and focus on god and fellowship with other christians  i hope to
"is making guacamole for the cookout tonight! i know guacamole doesn't really go with burgers but i'm craving it, lol  can't wait to see little miss <propfemale> and kaden, (and of course <propfirst> and <propfemale> too, lol )"
is sharing my bed with a 6 yr  old and 2 yr  old tonight   i wonder who will get the most sleep! lol 
"is asking you to please keep my family in your prayers, my aunt <propfemale> passed away tonight "
is going to church!  smile 
"is sad, my summer is officially over! it's gone by so fast! i've got sooo much to do    "
is going to day #1 of mat orientation   
is <propfemale> stressed! prayers are appreciated!  smile 
worked in my classroom today   getting excited but still a little stressed! it will all come together   smile 
is getting a late start today but headin to work on my classroom!
has had such a wonderful day! now if i could just go to sleep   
is exhausted!
is super stressed but i'm so blessed to have my wonderful friends to help me through it!  smile 
is absolutely exhausted but i'm finally seeing a light at the end of the tunnel!  smile 
has to get up at 5 surprise 0 in the morning   blah 
is sharpening 150 pencils    i heard it relieves stress    j k 
"is going to bed   i've got a long day tomorrow, but i'm excited about meeting all the kiddos!"
"is heading to work, got open house tonight! i hope everyone has a great day!"
is exhausted but excited about tomorrow!
hopes everyone has a wonderful first day back at school!!  smile 
"made it through my first day of teaching! the kids were good, i'm excited about meeting more tomorrow!"
is headed to work! i hope everyone has a great friday!  smile 
loves this weather! i'm ready for fall and football season!
is headed to church! have a great sunday!  smile 
is headin to work!
has had many reasons why today should have been a bad day but surprisingly i'm pretty happy!  smile 
is exhausted but still going to the hypnotist tonight at henderson! i haven't seen it in years 
is so stinkin tired but i haven't laughed that hard in long time!! glad tomorrow is friday but has a super busy weekend! class starts early saturday morning    sad 
is super tired  too old to stay out past 10 surprise 0 on a school night   lol  headed to work! have a great friday!
is very very sleepy   
is typing out lesson plans then headin' to bed!
"just got in from work, now going to class! tuesdays are going to be super long days   "
is stressed   
"is thinking wow, it's just wednesday! is it just me or has this been the longest week ever??"
"is super excited about this weekend! can't wait to see everyone at the labor day retreat! i've got <propfemale> much to do though, haven't packed a thing yet!"
isn't feeling too well  i don't have time to be getting sick! gotta be well for my kiddos at school and my kiddos at the retreat this weekend!!
just finished packing! headin out to beautiful lake greeson for the labor day retreat!! can't wait to see everyone!
"has had an amazing weekend!! now back to reality   articles to read, essays to write, and lesson plans to do   sad "
is trying to save people's lives and no one will answer their phone!!
"is exhausted! just finished my papers for class! i'm a terrible student, such a procrastinator   i'm hitten the sack!"
seriously thinks i broke my little toe   man it hurts!!
is getting all of my students artwork ready for the <propfemale> county fair! anyone wanna come help?? i have extra glue sticks! lol 
"just finished getting my students artwork ready for the fair, going to bed   i have to get up in 3 5 hours   ugh"
wants to take a nap before the ballgame   probably not gonna happen 
"feels amazing! i got almost 8 hours of sleep last night, can't tell you the last time that happened  busy day!!"
sorry for all the random posts on everyone's wall  my facebook got hacked!
is making lesson plans   i really want to be in bed!! gotta busy week ahead of me   
"is headin to work, gotta long day  collaboration meeting til 5:45!"
is going to bed! i'm super excited about it too  man i'm old  goodnight!
"is excited about potluck, church, then heading to the fair!! not so excited about the homework i need to do first   "
is excited about going to the gurdon football game tonight!! i hope the rain stays away!
had such a great night visiting all my gurdon friends!!
is headin' to the gym! i miss working out!!
"got my tail kicked tonight! <propfemale> ain't playing, lol  i'm gonna be feeling this for a few days!"
"is thanking everyone for the prayers, my mama's doing better  not sure when she's gonna get to go home though "
"just took a 3 hour nap  man, i needed it sooo bad but now i have lesson plans to write after church  sad  "
is going to the hospital to see my mommy!
"just got in from ttown, mama is doing good  she is going to rehab tomorrow  don't know when she's gonna come home  thanks for the prayers!"
loves this weather! i'm hoping i get to go camping this weekend as planned!
is praying for the lowrey family 
is headed to <propfirst> pike to go tent camping for the weekend!! well that is as soon as i finish my paper for class and pack   
had such a great time camping even though i got injured! lol  hope i can find time to go back next month!
loves this weather! time to pull out the long sleeve t-shirts and hoodies!!
is off to class   i like being the teacher way more than being the student!!
thinks she has way too much on her plate   somethings gotta give   
needs a vacation from life    just for a little bit 
"took a 4 hour nap today   could even go back to sleep now, gotta write a paper though!"
is heading to church! what a beautiful lord's day!
"had such a great time in hot springs last night, so glad i went! now off to work then class tonight   blah  lol  have a great day!"
has had some crazy and stressed couple of weeks but the last few days have been wonderful and couldn't ask for better people in my life  i'm truly blessed! (also my mama may get to come home from the hospital on friday! keep your fingers crossed!)  smile 
is so excited and happy for steph and <propfirst>! couldn't be a more perfect day for a wedding!
really dislikes writing papers    
"just submitted my paper at 10:45, it was due by 11 surprise 0  i like to live my life on the edge   ha ha  going to bed now, my brain is mush!"
"is sick   ugh   i feel terrible, going to bed   maybe i can sleep it off!"
is so glad it's friday! i just wish i felt better!
is heading to little rock for the next few days for the <propmale> conference  i'm super pumped about it! seriously!
"played all day in the conferences, going to benihana's soon for supper! <propmale> conferences are so much fun! i hope my students behaved for my sub!"
had such a great time at the conference! now watching legends of the fall and doing homework   
fixen to work on lesson plans    i'm such a procrastinator!
"has had a crazy busy day! ready for bed   so sad i have class tomorrow night   i would rather go to dierks and see my grandma  it's her birthday, she'll be 88!!"
is so happy my mama got to come home from the hospital today!! hopefully she'll stay outta there!
"how did we meet? everyone play the game  copy and paste this phrase to your profile, you will find it amusing to see how you met and know your friends!! now tell me how we met (be nice)   this should be fun!!"
had so much fun at the bunco party tonight! i even won one of the big prizes!  smile 
"loves this weather, getting excited about the holidays!"
"just got home, now going to class   blah  almost finished with the semester though!"
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then left click and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works    it actually works!"
had a great day! my observation went wonderful and i got my smartboard installed in my classroom  can't wait to use it!
has a wonderful life!  smile 
"is getting ready to head to texarkana, gonna do some shopping! gotta find some cute heels to wear in surratt's wedding! i'm also going to watch new <propfemale>, i hear it's the cool thing to do   "
"is going to church! oh, how i love sundays!  smile "
doesn't know what to do with my sunday afternoon since i don't have lesson plans to make! lol
is going to work! professional development for two days then off for the holidays!!
just finished helping <propfemale> and <propfemale> put up and decorate their christmas tree  it's so pretty!
is officially on thanksgiving break!!
is ready to see my family! it seems like it's been forever!
"thinks it's funny how within the past hour my mom, sister, and little brother have all called to see when i'm coming home  i think my family needs to communicate better because they all live in the same house! lol "
is back in arkadelphia! didn't go shopping this morning but i think i still need a nap   
is glad prescott won tonight! shocked that nashville lost!
thinks it's a beautiful day for a wedding! so excited and happy for <propfemale> and <propmale>!
"had a great day, <propfemale> and <propmale>'s wedding was beautiful! got to see <propfemale> and family  now having a sleep over with little miss <propfemale>!"
"had a great break, sad that it's over  gotta super crazy week ahead of me   papers, a presentation, an observation, and i gotta record myself teaching   i can't wait until grad school is over!! only three semesters and a summer left, ha ha "
bought an iphone today!  smile 
"went 24 hours without realizing my text didn't work, ha ha  i can't believe it took me that long to figure it out! hope i didn't miss any important texts!"
"thinks this paperwork i have to fill out for my observation is insane! this is the 5th observation i've had this semester  on the bright side, i don't have another observation until february   i don't think  ha ha "
is excited about my super quick trip to branson this weekend!
"just got in from branson, had a great time but i'm exhausted! gotta make lesson plans now   "
is so hungry!! waiting for potluck at church!
"20 hyper kids (x3) + red & green paint= chaos! had a total of 5 paint spills today, don't know if i should label that as a success or failure?? ha ha  either way,  i'm gonna do it all again on monday   smile  i love my job!"
"so now, they have an app store for computers! that'll probably be my new addiction   i'm a nerd, i know "
the snow is <propfemale> pretty!!  smile 
"agenda for tomorrow- sleep in, then make a giant snowman!  smile "
who's the boss? is on the hallmark channel! this makes me so stinkin happy!
"in christ alone my hope is found\he is my light, my strength, my song\this cornerstone, this solid ground\firm through the fiercest drought and storm\\what heights of love, what depths of peace\when fears are stilled, when strivings cease\my comforter, my all in all\here in the love of christ i stand!"
"is on the way to verizon for monday night raw  yes, it's true  i know nothing about wrestling but i'm sure i'll enjoy the e playful erience and earn brownie points with my students,  smile "
zumba  smile 
"my class was cancelled for tonight! what a great way to start the semester! now, off to the gym!  smile "
tgif!!  smile 
zumba kicked my tail tonight! love it!  smile 
"can't wait until 3 surprise 0 pm on may 13, 2011!!  smile "
"man, it's been such a long week! i'm not used to this working five days a week thing! lol"
today is beautiful! it makes me ready for spring!  smile 
thank you sooo much for all the birthday wishes! each and every one of them brought a smile to my face! i am sooo blessed!  smile 
is thinking i need some cheesecake from copeland's this weekend   
snow day!
"in super bowls past, i have rooted for the team with the prettier helmets  i'm gonna change it up this year, i'm rootin for the steelers this year bc they have a catchy song about them   smile "
"i praise you because i am fearfully and wonderfully made; your works are wonderful, i know that full well  http annoyed  bible us ps139 14 niv"
"i'm not perfect but i know i'm worth it,  smile "
"is sad that i'm gonna miss the zumbathon at the gym tomorrow night,  sad "
"has a long day today  p t conferences until 8 surprise 0, but we are out tomorrow!  smile "
decided to drop my phone in a glass of water   i'm so smart!
"turned in my application for graduation today, along with all the other stuff required for graduation  now, all i have to do is pass these last two classes!  smile "
what a beautiful day!  smile 
"be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer  http annoyed  bible us rom12 12 niv"
"has decided to do the esl academy this summer, any of my teacher friends wanna join me??  smile "
"ok, good  i'm glad i'm not crazy  i knew i felt something!"
"ok, i think i've done everything i possibly can to put off writing this paper  i must get started    especially since it's due in a few hours,  smile "
"\you have brains in your head  you have feet in your shoes  you can steer yourself any direction you choose  you're on your own  and you know what you know  and you are the one who'll decide where to go   \"" dr  seuss"""
can't believe it's already march! i'm ready for this year to start getting better though   something good needs to happen soon!
may he give you the <propfemale> of your heart and make all your plans succeed  http annoyed  bible us ps20 4 niv
is so glad that the healthclub is having zumba on monday nights now!  smile 
is drained and it's only tuesday!
"how abundant are the good things that you have stored up for those who fear you, that you bestow in the sight of all, on those who take refuge in you  http annoyed  bible us ps31 19 niv"
"but if we hope for what we do not yet have, we wait for it patiently  http annoyed  bible us rom8 25 niv"
one more day!!  smile 
but godliness with contentment is great gain http annoyed  bible us 1tim6 6 niv
it's a gorgeous day!  smile 
had a great weekend! i love catching up with old friends and meeting new ones!
boat ride on the lake + cookout + fishing + smores = a great day!
"wants some tulips, they're so pretty!"
is watching the sandlot!  smile 
it's a beautiful day!  smile 
wants to go on a picnic!
prayer is amazing!  smile 
there's nothing worth worrying over but there are things worth working for 
is trying to let go of things that are beyond my control   prayers would be appreciated!  smile 
"when it rains it pours! prayers for my mom please, thanks!"
the only things standing between me and graduation is a research paper and my exit interview   i think i got this!  smile 
it's hard to believe that my little brother is 16 today!! happy birthday <propfemale>!!  smile 
"ummm, i just noticed that i have 666 friends right now, i either need to add another one or someones got to go! lol"
"man, arkansas has been hit pretty hard today and i hear we have another day of this tomorrow  i hope everyone is okay!"
my exit interview from the graduate program is tomorrow at 4:15  prayers would be greatly appreciated!!  smile 
"so, i think the interview went great! i'm <propfemale> happy right now!  smile "
supposedly a tornado touched down in caddo valley while i was at church! i didn't see any damage if it did but i'm ready for this type of weather to be over with!
loves that the sun is shining and that tonight is my last graduate class ever!!  smile 
got home today and our yard was mowed! do you think it was a random act of kindness or was our yard that bad of an eyesore?? lol
spring fling at pes today!!  smile 
"had a great time at the spring fling but i'm exhausted and really brown (with a touch of red)  so glad the spring fling was a success, the kids really seemed to enjoy themselves!  smile "
happy mother's day to all the wonderful mothers! you definitely deserve more than one day to be celebrated!
thinks this is gonna be a great week!  smile 
m&m mcflurries make me happy!  smile 
"i'm no beauty <propfemale>, i'm just beautiful me!  smile "
has decided that there's really no cute way to wear a graduation cap   
graduation day is finally here!  smile 
"has officially graduated!!! for the second and last time,  smile "
is freezing!! arkansas weather is <propfemale> crazy  i hope the sun pops out <propfemale>n!!
hates running    just saying   
"fyi-if you're gonna stop on the side of the road to pee, the least you can do is turn away from the road   just sayin"
is riverfest bound!  smile 
waiting for <propfirst> posner to come on stage and later <propfemale>!  smile 
"sooo gunshots were fired outside our hotel tonight  i think it's time for this small town girl to head back to the small town, haha "
"had a blowout on my car today,  sad "
"fyi-summer youth series starts tonight at 7 surprise 0 at the mineral springs church of christ! if you're in arkadelphia and need a ride, let me know!  smile "
"is playing the waiting game   story of my life, haha   smile "
"1st day of esl is over, only 12 more to go!  smile "
finished up day 5 of the esl academy! i feel <propfemale> fortunate to get a <propmale> to listen to these speakers! my eyes have been opened up to <propfemale>o much in just a few short days   ready for tomorrow!  smile 
is finished with the esl academy! what a wonderful e playful erience! i think every educator should go to this academy! i've learned tons of information and met some really great people!  smile 
"esl academy ended on saturday, now on to the hsu <propmale> retreat! day 1 of paper making, oil painting and digital lithography!  smile "
lost to an 8 year old in a game of horse this evening    sad day!
the <propmale> retreat is over! lots of fun but i need a vacation    lol
took a great group of girls to sys tonight! i've really missed going!
really wants to go float the river!
bunco  smile 
"is tired of trying to fill this void    nothing seems to be working, lol "
is ready to see <propfirst> <propmale> tonight!  smile 
"umm, i don't think magic springs was prepared for <propfirst> <propmale>  this traffic jam is insane!!"
"well after waiting for a shuttle for forever, i decided <propfirst> <propmale> wasn't worth it, lol  on to the brau haus to eat with some friends!  smile "
there's a cricket in my house and it's chirping really loudly    kinda makes me feel like i'm camping   lol
"have you ever been driving down a scenic route and listening to the radio and a song came on that fits the mood and it makes you feel like you're in a movie and the song is the soundtrack?? haha  that happened to me tonight, it made me laugh,  smile "
"has soooo much to do by tomorrow!! i can't believe it's already time for bible camp! this will be my 10th year counseling!! a week of 100+ degree heat, running on 3-4 hours of sleep a night, a camp full of jr  high kids learning about god and singing the most beautiful praises to him  by far, my favorite time of the year, there's nothing like it!  smile "
3 doors down!  smile 
"jr  high week of <propmale> starts today!!  smile  please pray that the kids will learn more about god, build long lasting relationships with each other and that we all survive this 100+ degree heat!!  smile "
cabin rest time is such a wonderful time!  smile 
my heart is so full of joy right now  i wish everyone could e playful erience this!
"summer youth series is at <propmale> bible camp tonight at 7 surprise 0  if you're in the area, we would love to have you!! i promise you won't be disappointed!  smile "
it is <propfemale> hot!!!
is back home from bible camp! i had all new girls in my cabin this year and they were just wonderful! it was so great to spend a week with my friends from college as well as meet new ones! i just love this time of the year!
is wondering what the lifespan of a cricket is??  jiminny has been here for about two weeks now   i think he's worn out his welcome   
"i'm sure it will happen one day (at least i hope so!) but as of right now, my mind can't fathom me finding a guy that can accept me and love me enough to want to spend the rest of their life with me (and i with them)    thats a long time, hahaha "
branson bound!  smile 
haygoods!  smile 
"so the roomie and i have decided to watch all the episodes of lost to see what all the hype was about  we just finished the first episode, interesting so far   "
we're on episode 3 and <propfemale> mckinnon has lost already figured out  she said there is a tunnel from the north pole to where they are   that's where the polar bear came from   hahaha 
i'm just not understanding why the rain chooses to skip arkadelphia caddo valley?? it gets dark and thunders and then the sun pops out!
is sad that my summer is pretty much over!
i have just discovered pinterest com!! this could be addicting and i have a workshop in the morning!
this heat is horrible!! i'm <propfemale> ready for fall!
really needs to get my sleep schedule back on track! getting up this morning was rough! haha
sys is tonight at 7 surprise 0 at the prescott church of christ! hope to see you there!
"the heat index right now is 121 here in arkadelphia  if any of you are having to be out in this right now, i feel for you!"
"\missing someone isn't about how long it has been since you've seen them or the amount of time since you've talked  it's about that very moment when you're doing something and wishing they were right there with you \"""""
yay for rain!!!  smile 
"wow, it's 89 degrees right now! i might have to pull out a jacket to wear to church!"
"i saw this quote on pinterest and thought it was cute- \a man who treats his woman like a <propfemale> is proof that he was born and raised in the arms of a queen \"""""
"i was told today that i look like i could be a kardashian, lol  that's a first!"
so i went to bed at 10 surprise 0 tonight thinking i could get a good nights rest for work tomorrow   it's almost 1 surprise 0 now and i still can't sleep! 6 surprise 0 will be here before i know it!  sad 
"my heart is heavy for everyone in gurdon, especially the <propmale> family and the students and faculty of ghs "
just saw a complete rainbow! i'm amazed every time i see one!!
just got home from working in my classroom  i'm thinking it's a pizza and redbox kinda night!  smile 
"\it's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen; but it's even harder to give up when you know it's everything you want \"""""
the help was wonderful!! the best movie i've seen in a long time!!
is trying really hard not to take a sunday nap but it would be sooo nice!
i gave myself a bedtime of 9 surprise 0  it's almost 10 surprise 0 and i'm finally getting in bed   i'm actually surprised that it wasn't later! i hope all of my teacher friends sleep well and have a wonderful first day back at school tomorrow!!
ready or not it's here!!  smile  the first day of school is always exciting! ready to meet the new students and see the old ones!  have a great day everyone!  smile 
"man, i could go to bed right now! the first day of school is always <propfemale> exhausting!"
"so i watched bridzillas on we for the first time tonight  these women are crazy, and do these guys not see what they are getting themselves into?? haha, i can't tell from these shows if i'm normal or abnormal, lol "
"\i still think 1990 was 10 years ago   \"" lol"""
"so the first week of school went great, the hardest part was getting back in the routine of getting up early! lol  now i'm ready for a relaxing day at the spa tomorrow with <propfemale> ables cagle!"
did you know that yawns are contagious even over the phone?? who knew!
why must nutella taste sooo delicious??
finally an apple store in arkansas!! i'm so happy about this!!  smile 
"oh my, what a day!! i need a vacation, lol"
"i walk outside and think to myself, it feels great outside! i get in my car and the thermostat says it's 90 degrees   that's sad "
church  smile 
so this morning i was needing a <propfirst> pin  i looked everywhere for one then realized that i don't own a single one! does that make me less of a girl?? lol
"\sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead\""- <propfemale>"""
"so i've been sneezing, can't breathe and i sound like a man (attractive, i know, lol)  what is blooming right now that i could be allergic to?"
my mom has been taken off dialysis! what a blessing!  smile 
is heading out to beautiful lake greeson for the labor day retreat!! i hope everyone has a great holiday!  smile 
had a wonderful holiday weekend! it's neat how you can spend a weekend with people you've never met yet feel like you've known them your whole life! i am <propfemale> blessed!  smile 
my straightener died this morning! what a traumatic e playful erience!!
this weather is pretty much perfect!  smile 
is headin to play volleyball with the church group!  smile 
woo hoo!! great job wolves!!  smile 
"i think we got this game, lol  wps!!"
i was a freshman in college  i had planned on sleeping in that day because i only had afternoon classes  a friend called and woke me up telling me what happened  i remember my roommates and i sitting in front of the tv watching the second plane hit and the towers falling  such a sad sad day  where were you??
loves this weather!! i think it's about time to pull out the hoodies!!  smile 
does anyone else enjoy the show shark tank as much as i do? lol
let's go hogs!! wps!!
found out that i don't have to take the praxis iii to get my standard license!!  smile  what a wonderful surprise!!  smile 
what a beautiful first day of fall! no work today so i'm gonna go to the hospital and spend the day with my mommy!  smile 
is ready for 2 smile 0 to get here! woo pig sooie!!  smile 
things i'm looking forward to: this weekend- trip to <propfirst> to see anjelah <propmale> at the house of blues! next weekend-trip to fayetteville to watch the razorbacks beat auburn!!  smile 
"happily married week - if your spouse is still your best friend, works extremely hard, has been with you through triumphs and tragedies, who loves you when you're at your worst, whom you are proud to be married to    post this as your status with the date you got married  ?? ?? ??- if i was married, i'm sure he would be all of these plus more! lol"
is wondering where that cold front is??
is <propfirst> bound!!  smile 
i love seeing all the razorback fans on the way to <propfirst>!  smile 
is ready for the razorback game!
way to go hogs!!! you make me proud!!!  smile  wps!!
"loves october because of cool weather, haunted houses and scary movies!! now i just gotta find someone to enjoy those things with me, all of my friends are scaredy cats, haha "
"tried my first recipe off of pinterest today, homemade butterfingers! they aren't pretty but they sure taste good!  smile "
<propmale> jobs has died! this makes me <propfemale> sad!!
yay! love listening to thriller thursdays on <propfemale>!!
had a great time playing volleyball tonight!
is fayetteville bound!! woo pig soooie!!!
is ready to call those hogs!! wooooo pig sooie!!!
that's how we do it! go hogs!!!
love those razorbacks!!! wooo pig soooie!!!  smile 
great job rangers!
"wow, svu is sooo good tonight!"
"thinks there should be a big sign right under our street sign that says \this is not the interstate\"" lol """
has been wide awake since 5 smile 0  why can't i wake up this easy during the work week?? lol 
i just love arkansas in the fall! it's so beautiful when the leaves change!
race for the cure!  love 
is ready to watch those razorbacks!! woo pig soooie!!
"way to go razorbacks! (although, the score shouldn't have been that close)"
way to go rangers!
"wow, that was exciting! go rangers!"
"just realized today was october 25th  it's a very special day for me because on this day 10 years ago, i became a christian!  smile "
