9995fe63c831c7ca7fbc96be95aeff96
had about 45 txt messages at the same time last night will i was playing the annual poker game lol      won part in the first game and lost it all in the second hehe
4 days till new hapshire!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jumping around being hyper untill my brother and parents come home and become the party poopers   sad  boo for parents      well at least boo for them being party poopers
2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 smile   i like new hampshire    smile 
just got back from camping   smile 
's headin to school for the day 
once again is headin to school  had football practice yesterday   indecision 
just got out of school and is on the the computer in my moms classroom
just made biggest smartie <propfemale> pyramid evar with <propmale> pekrul!!!! will post pics later  smile 
is sad the party had to end yesterday     but osu won!!!!
is at home while mom and dad go eat at friends and brother spends the night at a friends  o what to do o what to do??
is ordering wildwings fr suppa tnite an cnt wait til tmmrow for conners b-day prty at incredible pizza!! o an also if u noticed im tryin to beat the record for most mispelled words!! im kinda at a bad start 
is happy for no reason at all 
won the game last night!! broncs 26-6
is happy for no reason at all  smile 
is watchin the football game go osu!!
school  annoyed 
built a compost bin with my dad this morning and going to buffalo wild wings later tonight    pretty productive day  smile 
is happy for no reason at all  smile   smile   smile 
cant wait till his game tomorrow!!!!! we are gonna win!!
won his game today and is so sore!!
"found out that i need braces for 2 years on top and bottom but is not sure when im gettin them , said that im gonna at least get them by spring so  annoyed "
has a game today at 7 surprise 0 headed out on the bus at 5 smile 0n to watch the gurls play go broncs
"just got done with a pep rally won the spirit stick and has to go see the play \check please\"" lol that looks hilarious great job mrs  t and mrs rihn"""
made his school academic team  smile 
won his game scored 3 points   1 freethrow & 1 layup with 4 secs on the clock on a stolen pass  smile  25-21
is extremely bored
won 2 out of 3 games at his academic bowl meet
is bored    suggestions??
"just got done with his christmas program  smile  had fun seeing uncle <propfirst>, aunt <propfemale>, and <propmale>  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile "
is officially school free for christmas
"got a cell phone,pellet pistol,pair of moccs,new pair of shoes,and a xbox 360  smile  best christmas yet"
at his grandmas for tonite  smile  cant wait to see his cousin tomorrow!!!!!!!
last game today   gotta win
braces tommorow
braces = hurt =  sad  at least for now lol
"ok what have i done this week   #1 went to the airport to only find out that my flight was canceled #2 took a 13hr  road trip to atlanta,georgia #3 got a flight to atlanta to orlando #4 road a motorcycle for the first time  #5 went to the kenedy space center and learned a whole bunch about space and astronauts  see part two"
#6 went to the ocean and played in the water for a little while (really  cold!! but still recomended) #7went to the astronaut hall of fame and  got to ride 2 simulater things (really fun) #8 went to the mouse  house(my grandads term) and got to ride a whole bunch of rides but didnt  meet <propfirst> mouse  see part three
#9 went on the coolest airboat ride in the world got  to see a bunch of crocs #10 (applies to all of the above) had the best  time with my granmother and grandad 
uhhhhhhhh is soooooo bored  suggestions???
bored txt me
music  
            
meet at dcla    still havnt done anything     
"\o well i figured u wanted to knock my lights out\""    \""but if i knocked ur light out then it would be dark\"""""
at some mexican place      has a wicked headache   sad 
"\put me in coach im ready to play\"""""
won my first game  smile   won the game by taking a curveball to right field  smile  play again at 530  smile )
at the omniplex bout to watch some fighter pilot thing in a imax theater
at honor band   
is <propfemale> bored    txt  baseball game at 6 
tgif tgif tgif tgif tgif tgif tgif tgif tgif tgif
is bout to head out to kremlin to get ready to drive to <propfirst>
won our first 2 games   
won tourn  of champions!
sooooooooooooo bored!  sad         txt
kinda bored      txt 
at wild wings  smile 
school  annoyed 
bout to head out to the mothers day baseball tourn  lol im decked out with pink uniforms and shoelaces  smile )
day two of the mothers day baseball tourn   again pink shoelaces and uniforms with the addition of pink necklaces   game at 12 smile 0 cant wait to play baseball  smile )
           
the goonies  smile )
last day of school! yes  
at my uncle johns watchin toystory with my little cuz    
               
won his first game against pioneer 4-3
cant wait til 2morrow  smile 
can barely move
i cant fall asleep     lol im bored
still cant sleep    still bored
awesome day for baseball  smile 
              annoyed 
baseball tourny  today     smile 
won his first game 11-8 next game is at noon     smile 
at the iowa central game  smile 
was that a british ninja!!!!????!?
has a game with my <propfemale> team    will have 2 miss my kremlin game 
playin guitar  smile 
bored    not even tired  annoyed     so plz enjoy this picture of a monkey @(^ ^)@
wants 2 own a pet monkey   @(^ ^)@
has a crazy bad black eye  sad 
"my friends aren't crazy, they're just too epic for you to comprehend!"
gotta new phone  smile 
just got my trophy for being 1rst in the 12u league division  smile 
eatin at head country
im on a boat 
just got back 2 <propfemale>
wants a  puppy sized elephant lol
just got back from playin down at <propfirst> <propfirst>
game at 4 2nite down at <propfirst> <propfirst>  
bored  annoyed 
gnitirw sdrawkcab soed ton eruc moderob <propfemale> lla   like if u get it lol
ok whos more random me or <propfirst> <propfemale>????????
bored  annoyed 
car crashes into the wall  announcer: and that moment was brought to u by advil! lol
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  lets raise awareness"
won my basketball game  scored 10  33-37
won our second game of the season  pulled my bicep tho  annoyed \
won my game  4-1 
you can stand the noise but u can't stand the crazy arms!
let's go pokes! you got this!
gameday 2morrow 
hacked smile      
my dream of becoming a unicorn was accomplished for 5 minutes
a beast of my stature doesnt have friends   i have accomplices   -wor
the grass is greener on the other side of the grass haha
chillin at the <propmale> city ball park   
i have to tip my hat to the guy who invented pudding   
2 many ppl in florida  
