f05f3b8dd36194dba909b6c05cbab0c6
very sry my other facebook was hacked so i made a new one
g2g peeps    ttyl
trying to find all of her friends   someone send them to me?
is so at <propfirst>'s where da awesome food is!  playful  <propfirst> horen
off to do math homework!  laugh       *sigh*   crying 
finished concert n stuff mkay! choir is awesome!
whoever fucked with <propmale> is getting a beating!!!!  no body messes with my friends!!! > indecision 
just got done carving a pumpkin for 3 hrs straight!!!!!
hey if any of my fabulous friends have pics of me    tag me!!! i love u  love 
not feeling the best in the world
woot woot!!! bott park!!!!!
2 hour delay!!! woot woot!
good news!: snow day!!! bad news     choir concert moved   maybe canceled if snow day tomorrow      so i'm not sure how to think of this
who is totally excited that it's a 2 hour delay on a late start day!!!
soooooooo at <propfirst>'s place!!!!!  wink   love 
"the more time you spend watching tv, the greater your risk of dying at an earlier age -- especially of heart disease  compared to those that watch 2hrs a day, people who watched 4hrs or more were 80% more likely to die from heart diseas and 46% more likely to die from any cause    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i want you to know, with everything i won't let this go, these words are my heart and soul, i'll hold on to this moment you know, 'cause i'll bleed my heart out to show, that i won't let go,"
2 hr delay  today      ugh    and i walked all the way out to the bus stop in the snow     annoyed 
"ok      so       angry, lost, confused, overwhelmed, exhausted      scared       but i always make it    i'll get by again"
"life   it's not all clear skies   but i'd like to think it's dancing in the rain, weathering the storm   and holding your head up high regardless of the weather"
valentines  singles awareness day is coming up  n e one plan n e thing special?
what am i thinking? nothing    for the first time in a long time    nothing     someone special taught me that     someone    special      
ok   so i've sorta gotta plan      i'm mean    i'm working on one   and i like where it's going
so fuckin excited!!!!
dunno what to do      sad  confused
throw it away forget yesterday we'll make the great escape!!!
i change my mind like a girl changes clothes  playful 
"is no longer posting relationship statuses cuz i don't give a rat's cahooty if u know who i'm dating, when i'm dating them, and if i break up with them  if you're that big of a part of my life, oh hun, you'd know who i'm dating  i'd tell you if i thought it was important    n e how     peace and love  playful "
"i have over 100 \requests\""   u guys do know i don't check these  playful     well      sometimes     very rarely though     i have to be hella bored  playful """
oregon! here i come!
happy pi day!!! 3 14sumthinsumthin pie!
somebody pinch me    lolz    but it's not st  patties yet?
who wants to <propfemale>? it's like 60 degrees outside!!!! omg sun!!! i'm soooo wearing shorts
snow day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"should i stay or should i go now  if i go there will be trouble, if i stay it will be double  so you gotta let me know! should i stay or should i go "
it's three am and i'm still thinking about you 
ok so my sleep schedule last night      went to bed at 6 smile 0pm    woke up 10 smile 0pm tried to go back to sleep until about m=midnight where i gave up       got on the computer until 5 surprise 0am and then went to bed     idk when i actually got asleep but i woke up at 8 smile 0am   went back to sleep after looking at the clock and gpot of at 9:45am      now i'm up             weirdness
blizzard!
so these suckers better wake up  playful  *stuck at a house with 3 lazy boys*
ok i can't help it    and if u want your life to keep going don't read any further    but i've been checking out all ur flair boards and i can't stand it anymore! i lost the fucking game!!!     warned u
spring cleaning!  smile 
just got done sledding and kinda snowboarding  playful 
guess what bitches!!!!!!!! i got my belly button pierced!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh what now?!
i love my bellybutton ring     but now i  need new hair    next stop after that    tattoo
sprained my thumb    some ligmant that apparently if not healed properly will cause permanent damage       sucky
i'd go to bed   but he's gonna call in a bit  sad     tired but determined
"these words are my own from my heart flow    i love you i love you i love you!!!!! there's no other way, to better say, i love you, i love you!"
if she wants to rock she rocks and if she wants to roll she rolls!
does n e one wanna do sumthin?
does it count as sneaking out if u leave a note?
woot woot! can't wait till friday!!! goin' over to <propfirst>'s!!!! pretty much got a weekend with him!! yesss    love  love
goodnight i love you all   gotta get some beauty sleep so i can stay up late tomorrow night       wink  <propfirst>
"tractor, nightime, <propfirst>, awesome     need i say more?"
i think my belly button ring is almost done healing!  smile  it doesn't hurt at all! i might be able to swim at winter park!! and my thumb feels a lot better so i should still be able to play the flute with my solo   smile ! and <propfirst> rocks my socks off!  all is well in ellora world!!!
waiting for <propfirst>     
nvm    not waiting for justin   he's not off work until 1 smile 0   fuck me sideways  sad 
back from winter park     tired        thank god no more stalker
i'm finished with high school forever !!!!!!!! woot woot!!!!!
ok so it's like 2 surprise 0 in the friggin morning!!!! not doing this again
he said 11 surprise 0 and if not then definitely 11 smile 0      it's now 11 smile 0 and i'm tired!!!!
"he waited 7-8hrs, doing nothing, for me  he's been with me since 1 surprise 0 this morning and has been there for me  how can i show my appreciation for him  i love him so "
bye! gonna go play the guitar
so i've got one riff down ok on guitar and i can play <propfemale>'s song on it  so     accomplished    kinda     <propfirst> wants me to play for him                            i'm scared
taking a break     wow     my back hurts     cleaning house
i get tired of my profile pic way too fast
one day i'll fly  i promise
can't see him again       sad 
ok    i can wait until the weekend         *sigh*      that's so far away                         
ok  so i'm applying for college and a job  moving forward 
(¯`· _ ·[  i  do believe in faeries ]· _ ·´¯)
gonna see my super mega awesome drop-dead-sexy tantalizing sweet kind cute geeky boyfriend  don't care who ur dating cuz he can't even match up to half the babe mine is!!!
"tired, but i don't want to go to sleep        *sigh*       i don't get nightmares when i sleep next to him     "
i'm gonna go to sleep early tonight    aka   midnight lol
last night this morning was a lot of fun! i love my friends!!!
<propfirst> is gonna pick me up      and i'm soooooo done with cleaning     not that i'm actually finished     but i'm done      *sigh* i can't wait for a break from life
done       yes     just done
today was one of those days you wish never happened       ok so i got the house back up to barely liveable standards instead of hazard zone     and i got to see my boyfriend     but      everything that happened today      regardless of the outcome     was so stressful i can't even think straight         i wish i could go to sleep and wake up somewhere nice
ok so when i thought it through     actually all i needed to do was look at a picture of one of my friends (my personal inspiration ) i know how weird that sounds     but it's more like he's a real inspiration  you'd have to hear him speak  soooo    now i'm ok  all i needed was to remember     peace is attained through love and love through peace  amazing what a picture can do   smile 
what to do what to do          ok     oregon is a def  possibility     i guess it's my choice if i want it to be permanent     <propfirst>? oregon? i don't think i can have both      why does it always come back to this
??•*¨*• ¸¸ i ? u ¸¸ •*¨*•??
still wide awake     where's the thingamajiggy
omg!! i'm so excited  i got in contact with my old friend from faeriecon  yay! i might see him in oregon  he's like the best 
i'm watching baggage       trying to figure out my baggage     hmmmmm
ok     gonna try to go to sleep earlier       lol aka 2 in the morning
"renaissance festival!!!! faerieworlds festival!!! no time to lose! i must get costumes!    and pack    and decide what i'm going to live   and college preperations    and plan that party with all of my oregon friends   and so on    hey just cuz life get's busy doesn't mean i can't have fun  playful  oh well, doesn't matter  tonight i see my boyfriend    unless he suddenly has to work again    1 step at a time    lol breathe"
did i call it or what?!?! he bailed again      work      tired
"that lump in throat won't go away, i run out of things to say, one day you'll stop running, from the past and the future, but too late i won't be there, now try again, let's talk this through, you say communication is important, but why won't you speak, not even for me  i followed you blind, now i have to find, my own life "
so guess what     last minute    after a crazy depressing conversation     he'll pick me up    any time from a half hour from now    to 2 surprise 0 in the morning      gonna go get ready i guess    goodnight    
"ok!!! so    me & <propfirst> are gonna stay together    i've decided my family is crazy, they make me crazy, and i'll only know if it's <propfirst> if i'm out and with him     risky? yes     but why the hell not! sometimes, it's just worth the risk    and this would definitely be one of those times    i guess it's not so much \where is my life headed\"" and more \""my life is headed somewhere\"""""
?question <propfirst>?
happy 4th of july yo!!!
"interrupt my sleep, i'll try to dream of something nice, \going to sleep is like playing a game with loaded dice,\new nightmares, different night,\i'm tired of staying up in fright,\bandage my mind, shelter from the pain,\i try to get past the eye strain "
"wild, free, constantly\running running as fast as i can\you can't catch me\i am who i am"
well the last time i went to wut's her names house i got screamed at by that one chick     don't care that i'm related     they don't need to see me again  smile 
silly knife      stab thumb in pocket      sad thumb
"depression\is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be\strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who \has or has had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status \for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week \   and  1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show \your support "
sleep is good    sleep is great     now i'm gonna appreciate  playful 
lol my eye is starting to twitch    not a good sign    probably should get off the computer  gonna take a shower and then watch <propfemale> the hot vampire slayer   smile 
i saw get him to greek with <propfirst>! omg hilarious!!!! i loved it!!! never have i loled so much in a theater!
watching lord of the rings  smile 
i need sleep       *sigh* why won't i just get off the computer and go to sleep     oh yeah cuz my brother is on the other couch watching futurama  playful 
"omg i'm so lame  i've been sitting for hours waiting for him to message me cuz his phone broke  i mean, he probably won't check his messages until late    obsessed anyone? seriously i need to get out of my house and just check it at the end of the day  every time it says \u got mail\"" i get all excited    and then it's spam    a lot like the phone    when it rings i jump up and run and then it's for someone else  o o"""
omg        out of all like 23 of my friends who are online right now     the one i reaaalllly neeeed to talk to isn't on     not that you aren't all cool  i just need a gay guy to talk to lol
packing!!!!!! i should hopefully be leaving for oregon this friday!!!!
shower maked me naked
"i'm watching you!!!\,__,\\{o,o}\\|)__)\\--\-\""--"""
gonna go to sleep early cuz      i have to get used to getting up early  i love you all!!!        *sigh* and i really miss him        
almost done  i just sorta finished cleaning out the car  now i have to clean the house and do laundry and finish packing and finish finish cleaning the car     then pack the car            tired      and this all has to happen today         *sigh*
might leave for oregon a little late  sad 
"omg just watched the musical of <propfemale> the vampire slayer!!!    lol again      probably the millionth time  playful  \i fall for spike every time\ love "
ok        so i might have to take a plane    ( most likely) to get to oregon  that means i might get there before my parents  if this happens i'm gonna need a ride from the airport  i can <propfemale> taken to a bus stop and i can ride it back to my place in <propfemale> or if someone doesn't mind i could crash at there place until my parents get there       help!!!!!!!!??!?!?!?!?
i'm leaving tomorrow morning  and then driving   
"oh god <propfirst> rehurt his back really bad! we were carrying a huge, heavy bed + frame because they couldn't be unattached  before it was on the job  i worry  i wish i could be with him, but i'm going to oregon in the morning  sad  *sigh* :{"
i might be a little late to <propfirst> today  no worries the party is still on  amazon park  see ya'lls there
i'm off to canby!
i just got home from a lovely day at  canby park  thank you everyone that showed!  smile  i had so much fun
"back from a really interesting faerieworlds  i think i'm gonna make a note about it later  for now    i came, i saw, i e playful erienced, i had fun, and i left in a trance "
"i llllllooooovvvvveeeeee <propfemale>!!!!! she rocks my socks off, across the room and then they do a lil jig  it's quite amusing watching my socks dancing but then danaan walks in and i have to e playful lain why my socks are not only off but starting to tango with eachother    lol i'm not quite sure what he rocks off but i'm sure whatever it is it joins in the jamboree "
on the road
omg so i woke up rrrreallly early    and got to sleep rrrreeeeeaaallllly late  fml       now i'm on a two day trip on the road     rawr
my family is collecting <propfemale> and butterfly corpses and they are next to me     creeeeeeeppy   
"still on the road! the car broke down and then its lights died and then we got a flat tire this morning     silly life, road trips are for other people   playful "
"fuck!\in the middle of nowhere and the bank decided to rape our money in the face  we're gonna need to pray or something cuz we are totally screwed sideways at this point  some higher power really doesn't want us to get to colorado  send out good thoughts for us <propfemale>?"
the good news is we're not dead it's not too hot and the trailor didn't flip  the bad news    a the axle on the tire broke and the tire went  flying and we are now paying like $400 for a tow the rest of the way  tired    and i haven't showered in 3 days or gotten any sleep cuz we've been sleeping in the car  omg  what a freaky couple days 
"i got home the day before yesterday, but i've been waaay to tired to get on here and post something  peace and love to all d you guys who sent me good thougts  i made it colorado in one piece    ok so i've got mosquito bites the size of an egg that look like 50 nipples on my legs    but technically i'm still in one piece   smile "
who knows how to tag certain people in their posts? heeelllp meeeeee!!!! please?  smile 
let's try this tagging thing    hopefully it works    if not y'all know what i'm tryig to say and i'll probably try again later  ok  here goes  my status = i love @ <propfirst> frey
i miss @<propfirst> frey
got off work at 11 surprise 0!!! 7 hrs!!!!!!! omg tirrrrred but at the same time too brain dead to fall asleep    sad panda    well i'll try  g'night 
i like creating converse at converse com!!!!!
"woot woot! i so had fun last night at the bbq  i had veggie burgers, watched everyone get totally wasted, sang along to songs, met some cool people, and growled at my sister for getting plastered     but all's well that ends well     with hangovers all around lol"
at the balloon races!!!!!!
no balloons went up for the balloon race and everyone's leaving  i guess there was weather problems     sad 
"!!!!!!!ok!!!!!!! who wants to give me a ride to the chapel hills mall today???? there's a hug and an \i owe ya one\"" in it for you!!!!         please            please!!!! i'm begging you!!!!!!!! i love you so much!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"clearing up some answers on get revealed\fyi annoyed no failed classes, i'm a dork & was in highschool, i'm a spaz, i've gone to a burlesque show, i'm a freak, wtf is a fist pound, i would never lie, i speed when driving, don't sleep with a <propmale>, would let n e 1 cheat off my paper, not a revenge girl & wouldn't key a car, kissed many a girl, slap people, had stitches, & had a couple 1night stands\thanks for trying though"
\go go go," make a big mistake or make a wonderful choice! either way it's life e playful erience and it's worth it \""\"f05f3b laugh d36194dba909b6c05cbab0c6,likes http annoyed  www lexicalwordfinder com 
\go go go," make a big mistake or make a wonderful choice! either way it's life e playful erience and it's worth it \""\"f05f3b laugh d36194dba909b6c05cbab0c6,just got my first check cashed for $111
sleep?
does anyone want to go to the citadel mall today!!!!!!??????
off to the mall!!!!!!! yayayayayayayyayayayayayay!!!!!  laugh 
"how can i e playful lain it  i want it and i don't  i need it and i'm scared  i don't change my mind, i just feel both at the same time "
http annoyed  www mi playful od com playlist 67279759
sleep  it's the other other night meat
i tried to make boiled eggs    epic fail  annoyed \
crazy? maybe  boring? never
tired   
"so guess what i'm gonna be for halloween  those of u that know for sure don't tell! haha but u can go \nanny nanny boo boo i know and u don't\""  playful """
"so yay! <propfirst> is working more, which means      the long awaited union? rendezvous? meeting? i don't know the fuggin word?!?!?! what ever it is     i get to see <propfirst> after a long time of not  which is exciting! i hope he knows how much i long for him  i can't wait i can't wait i can't wait!!!!  laugh "
work today  lame     don't feel good     
"and when i lay awake at night\i have to cry myself to sleep\it's a lot better then screaming myself awake"
ur not gonna believe this      got to sleep at midnight     woke up at 6am and then went back to sleep at 9am ish and just woke up 12:43pm
decided that i'm not going to go out on halloween in crazy ass heels      chucks      blood splattered ones if i can find something like that     idk if they even make those! o o
if only you could hold me when i go to bed  i'd actually fall asleep  annoyed 
"reach for the stars\not everyone reaches them\but it's the reaching that lifts you up"
holy mother of god!!!!!
"listen to you\\do you even realize\\the idiocracy\\you yell about how angry the world is\\how we all just need to calm down\\if you could see through your bloodshot eyes\\and your reddened face\\you might see the peace\\that happens in the stillness of the night"
has anybody seen my mind
"i have no idea what to do for my birthday!!!!! somebody anybody help!!! i'm thinking movies, concert, party     n e thing!!!!"
still not asleep     i must be crazy
who wants to <propfemale> today?
"i'm done \goodnight\fml"
why? i don't understand  if i want to be boyish then i can  and damnit i will!!!!
"is\ a straight ally and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out \for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 \and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what \matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here: \ http annoyed  bit ly arkm39 "
goin to the moooovvvviiieees!!!! woot!!!!
"read my lips i'll say with confidence\ur not the guy i'm looking for\but read my mind it's undefined\i guess i'm not that sure"
1st person to comment on this: you will be my profile picture for 24 hours 2nd: your last name will be mine for 2 days  3rd you can dare me to do one thing  4th: i'll be married to you on facebook for one week  5th: i will write on your wall saying'i love you'  6th: you can ask me anything  put this as your status if you're brave enough
"sometimes    i think  \if he loves me enough    maybe he's the one \"" and sometimes  it's amazing how much he loves me  is it that simple? probably not  stupid love"""
"to all who are concerned  i'm probably not gonna be on facebook for awhile  if i do it won't be often  i'm moving back in with my gramma and she doesn't have internet  if you need to get in contact with me call annoyed (719)-596-0175 which is my gramma's home phone "
happy thanksgiving!!!
leaving for ohio this monday  wish me luck  smile 
i'm in ohio!!! woah  this is kinda exciting  i can't wait until <propfirst> gets back from work  i'm going out with him and one of his friends  dunno what we're doing though  playful 
no matter notifications i accept i still have 96  sad 
what is the best thing to wake up to in the morning?
this is stupid  i have to wait all day to see him at night and then he goes to sleep  i want a refund on my boyfriend        only half joking
fuck this  i'm leaving the hotel  why do i have to sit in here all day? i don't! so       ha!     hahahahhahahaha!!!!! he's gonna get here and i'm gonna be gone and then he'll have to call me!      sucker                              now           wtf am i gonna do?
i lost the game!
so i think      i'm just gonna go walk     in the snow      and see where it takes me
i don't know wtf to do
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse and copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same! ?"
now my boyfriend is sitting alone drinking his kidneys away cuz he can't see me       
"don't you love it when you make men think that it's \their\"" idea!"""
"<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>, <propfemale> jul, happy hanuka, happy new year, happy kwanza, happy national egg nog day, happy christian feast day,\happy aðfangadagskvöld, <propfemale> feast of the seven fishes, \happy nochebuena, and happy the declaration of christmas peace "
"i got a <propfirst> buble cd!!!! omg omg omg omg!!!!!! and reflexology socks, a shirt, and two collectible houses  woot woot  now i must go to gramma's house "
tiiiiirrreeedddd
i went to bed a 5 surprise 0 in the morning and slept on and off until 11:24
modeling is really fun! i didn't e playful ect it to be so exciting   smile 
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour   for all the loved ones "
i feel     tired        sick       ow
looking for a futon mattress    cheap     i have like no money  help?!
ok  after asking for like ever and looking up cheap futons and asking my parents if they're good prices and when i can pick up my new futon and spending days upon days fretting how i'm going to come up with the money for a bloody futon       they tell me i can use their old one                wtf      ?  laugh   playful 
i miss him
i'm all alone     i'm all by myself    and no one was lookinnnnn i was thinking of u      hey now did i mention     i'm all by myself   all by myself     all by myself   
wtf!? i hate im it's not working     but only for a few friends       what? why?
um     i'm still up      lol
lol i passed out at about 9 surprise 0 this morning     just woke up
"my cousin, <propfirst> just made me food  he's the coolest, awesumest cousin in the whole world!  smile "
trigger happy tv      it's my new favorite thing!
so raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways!
please please please please please!!!! someone get me out of this house!!!!!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!? i'm so bored i think i died a couple times 
ttyl all  gonna drive through the perilous snow to get out of here 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by pandas  pandas are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by pandas  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
"\so you lied to them?\""\",f05f3b laugh d36194dba909b6c05cbab0c6,"damage control report: dehydration level 45%, recall of previous evening 2%, embarassment factor 91%  advice repair schedule: reboot startup disks, offline for 36 hours and replace head  boy, what a night "
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by pandas  pandas are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by pandas  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
life would be easier if    
"\fuck people- be healthy   \""\",f05f3b laugh d36194dba909b6c05cbab0c6,\dear butt face, \f05f3b laugh d36194dba909b6c05cbab0c6,java java java java java!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    note to self       don't ever drink a vanilla frappuccino ever again!
"good morning!!!!!!\i think i got      4? hrs of sleep"
so i just woke up       again        i crashed
so     i'm gonna make a dnd character this monday  kinda excited  smile !       wink 
