92fb5b5e823bc7dcb57350c5ba8ec380
send me decorations on farmville smile 
ugh school tomarow d: another 180 day's of schoool  confidential 
school wasn't as bad as i thought 
"ugh, i completely change my mind  i don't want to go back to school  confidential  , blahh"
braces
size 4 gauge 
"i miss swedesboro day d:   abb, lor, & rach are here, sleeping  "
ugh  school fer another week 
gauging my ears to a 2 
"fell asleep on my couch last night at 4, watching degrassi  going back to bed "
gauges to 0 
"ah, no life  talk talk talkk talk talk "
my ear is so fucked up  
"eh, bored, t-e-x-t-8-5-6-6-2-8-1-6-1-1"
with abb love 
"just got back from the mall with abb,never got my industrial done  annoyed  working on those signs  wink  "
"shower,hair, homework    "
"homework, food, yada yada yada   "
"studying for the social studies test  v_v   who ever's on the a team, was it hard?"
social studies test tommarow: failed
school 
homework bed
tonight sucks 
honeybunchesofoats|just woke up|talk
gah  i've accomplished nothing all weekend  homework  i don't wanna go to school  the usual  text 
i wish it was summer 
bed school ugh 
things aren't going to well 
homework  bed 
getting in my pj's then watching paranormal activity with <propfirst> 
"it sucked, it wasn't even scary at all? bummer  anyways  starting h w and going to bed "
going to pink <propmale> 
stickam  boredoutamymind 
"doing my hair  then eating dinner, while reading my book  then bed   smile "
taking a shower send me a gift on farmville love 
homework text me 
home alone?
homework bed text
bed 
just woke up   
going to bed early for once 
i think i have the swine flu v_v  no halloween  text please  i need entertainment 
im feeling alot better 
chink food   laugh 
shower  bed  don't feel good enough to go to school tomorrow 
stickam all night  going to bed 
go to my live  we have over 500 lurkers  http annoyed  stickam com screamellascream
stickam was fun love  just chilling with them love   laugh 
"going to bed  steph,lex,&cary are all talking about whipped cream  goodnight love "
everyone left  i'm drinking some coffe from wawa watching tv  probably going to fall asleep  later im going to my dads   smile  textme
packing my stuff up  going to dads  text 
going to some bingo thing with my family for my little sister 
"my back and neck hurt so bad, no clue why  well, i'm watching tv now, later bed "
"ugh  just chilling with 8 year olds, only cause i have to v_v  please entertain me  "
not in the best mood 
i sleep so much 
just got back from the movies  starting homework 
going to bed early 
i want to do something?!?!?
send me gifts on farmvillee pweezee love 
first time i've ever eaten ramen noodles  laugh 
"oh baby baby, opps i did it again             "
really really pissed off 
send me gifts on farmville  nooow  i'll return  laugh  thanks smile 
sennnddmeeefarrrmvilleeegiiiftssssssssssssss love ill return 
"i hate how facebook makes every single thing i do, able for others to read "
send me farmville gifts  laugh   i'm trying to get some ribbon  pleaseeplease  i'll return 
"finishing my homework  that's 70's show  then bed around 1  finally , gettiing to bed early   laugh  laugh "
"i've seen over 5 status's that've said \tomarrows friday\""?"""
going to my dads 
at my dads already decorating my christmas tree 
"just got back from concord mall  going out to eat with my family, then going to the movies with them  (not in depford)"
listening to death cab for cutie  just found out about them a few days ago?? i'm bored  talk to me  entertain me?
sendmefarmvillegifts  i want to go up a level  thanks whoever does   love 
listening to anberlin while doing h w 
sendfarmvillegifts 
gobblegobble 
deanna&&abb are oover love 3
<propfemale>'s gone): abbs still huurr 
"abby&&ihavenolife  maybe later, steph& lex& <propfirst> comee over?  love "
abbs goonee 
like my status 
d:
v_v
wassup with all these girls putting slutty pictures up and people trying to be scene-kidzz? people try so hard *-*?
"aint no party like a drug free party, cause a drug free party dont stop  a''iighhttt "
watching a moviie 
"why would someone\s mom quit smoking or someone get married(how un-romantic) if people join a group?"""
send me presents on farmmvillee pweeze love 
going to my dads textme 
going to gcit 
why do so many people want me to do that pass a joint thing 
just got home 
hey farmville  work!
i need followers  http annoyed  twitter com ellaeatsbabies   so click it and follow me so i can acually start using twitter love  thankkkks only to the people that did it love 
http annoyed  www facebook com group php?gid=217269985916   click!join!now!
"if you like this status ill send you a present on farmville, but i e playful ect one back?"
send me avacado tree's on farmville  ill give presents back  ighhttnigro 
hello snow!
i hope it snows so much theres no school on monday  14 inches 
playing in the snow with peanut 
why does everyone like my status?
"1 hour delay? wtf? just give us a day off again  what's the point of monday,tuesday, & wednesday anyways  we're not learning anything "
"i never wanna hear you say, i wannnnt itt thatt wayyy  tell me whyyyyy!"
"shower, 70's show, school, bus with abb, going to some light show, sleeping over, christmas eve smile "
excited 
wrapping presents 
"trying to stay up late so i dont wake up to early   laugh  its christmas!(*$!()$8 i already opened one, i got some really cool camera and i already know i got the wii  laugh d yayayayayy "
new year's resolution: not to have a new year's resolution 
"farmville annoyed iars, they give us 1 free fuel thing everyday, not infident fuel "
meow 
anyone know if the cutie <propfirst> naraghang has a facebook?
"man, there's lots of good fan groups out there "
cann someone sendd me those things to buildd the stable in ffarmvilee pweezeeee  i'll send somethin back 
and immmaa goo harddd 
who gave me a <propfemale> gram from: someone you know? saying your awsome in it  hhahhahaaha 
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile (got this from a ugly bitch)"""
"holy shit, who went to my farm and fertilized all my crops 0_0 ahahhahaha"
everyone in the talent show post a video of it because i feel like i missed out 
"ahhahahahaha, <propmale> just got pissed at me and dumped his ice tea all over me, lmfao "
i'm really ugly and smell like ferret anus 
die <propfirst> stinky die sucka die!!!
i wish i could just get everyone to wear pajama's tommarow  make our own pajama day 
i love being fat and ugly 
"it's fine twitter, just stop sending my tweets to facebook "
i wish i could play the sims all night& i'm really tired of school knigght 
"<propmale> is leaving, holy shit, thank god!"
the news video is on my profile 
wassup with all these lady gaga wannabe's?
wishes she could go to fun day 
so excited for the spirt of philly tomorrow love 
best day ever love 
where's all the pictures and videos of the spirt of philly?
"jesus christ, its been liike all day and i've only found 1 picture of me  no one's adding video's or pictures  d:"
"i wish school would just end, why do all the teachers have to drag this year out  ugh "
"10 days left of school and we're still getting presentations, test, and homework  cool "
im really ugly  like if you agree   smile 
some virus sent a whole buncha ad's out to all my friends and now i can't even look at my wall  greeeeeeatt 
"oh god, sorry everyone for sending all those virus's  i really don't know what it is? how do i get it off?"
final & two presentations  i can't wait till summer love 
"i can't believe it's finally summer  being concidered a freshman in highschool feels really badass, too   love "
only cause everyone else is: like this status and i'll tell you my impression and like 
"shedule annoyed -comment if you have any of my classes-\1  gym-lucky me \2  spanish 1\3  midi 1\4  lunch\5  academic physical science\6  life skills  economics\7  algebra 1\8  academic history\9  academic english 1"
homeroom 805  like this if your in it 
"i love <propfemale> curiale, so much "
why is <propfemale> curiale so cute?
holllllyfuck  <propfemale> curiale turnsss me o0o0on  
steph trinkle is extremely sexxxxy!  love 
"daaamn, steph trinkle is sooo hawwwtttttttttttt"
steph trinkle has a saggggggy vagina 
<propfemale> curiale has a flabbby hairy dickkk
steph trinkle waaants to succcck <propfemale> curiale's biiiiiigggg waaang 
steph trinkle is <propfemale> curiale's maaaster  
"k, im done"
cyaaaaaaniggggggga
"if you don't already have the dislike button, please download it ? https annoyed  addons mozilla org en-us firefox addon 47023  or https annoyed  chrome google com extensions detail lpekolbadenjphaaapbgdienjjpgbali"
i can't lie thing  ?
"ixkjwn butterflys chicken   butterf;ies   love ythe cat amber\mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeewoooooooooooooooo"
broole ratyhhewr dzte rella than <propfirst> desantis
548246 where the hell did all these random <propfirst> come from?
http annoyed  threewords me elladesantis ?
"here comes the seizure! cheers to my anus! smoke my cooch it'll get you a little high  smoke my life into cooches, this is my last smelly cooche! smelly eggs  airplane <propfirst>  k ard! hmu gurl! <propfemale> reilly <propfemale> <propmale> <propfirst> desantis <propfemale> eisenberg aka the prettiest gurls in k-way!"
ghetto pickippsay
sorry about that last post  <propfemale> reilly & bri <propfemale> giacabetti are complete assholes! today really is muh b-day!
taking a poop  a massive poop only achieveable if it is your birthday  but my birthday isnt til sunday' fuckking assholes 
hahaha! that was bri!  annoyed  watch me get like zero happy birthdays now  loll ):
thank you everyone that said happy birthday!?
