83e08c8680ca083dfc1bc7b5180d065a
so i was playing with my dog shakes and she accidently bit my finger so hard she broke it   
off to boulder for a week!
hailstorms??? i forgot such things existed!
"fuck united airlines   when i buy a ticket to orange county i don't want to be redirected to los <propfemale> after being delayed for over an hour   it's close united, but not the same   what a pain in the ass   at least my drinks were free "
wishes she was a member of the oceanic six 
<propfemale> <propmale> live at the troubador last night!  love   love   love  she is fucking amazing and perfect and i will punch out anyone who disagrees!
<propfemale> fawcett died and went to heaven   when she got there god smiled down at her and offered to <propmale> her one wish   she wished for all the children in the world to be safe    so god killed <propfirst> <propmale>           too soon?
they say bad things come in threes   1  <propmale> mcmahon 2  <propfemale> fawcett 3  <propfirst> <propmale>    leave it to <propfirst> mays to throw one in for free!
<propmale> is here and the wedding is tomorrow! how exciting!!  love 
is sad that it's time for <propmale> to leave 
my car got a make-over today!
i feel like apricots are severly overlooked as far as tasty fruits go    they're de-lish!
cops are so sexist! i love being a girl!
good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (i 
breaking a good piece is like losing a good friend         sad 
my eye itches
new shoes! thanks <propfirst>!
hooray for <propmale> being here!
is about to watch the haunting in connecticut with <propmale> 
there is a possibility that i will be arrested today    people need to make a stand for what they believe in and if i get tossed in the slammer    well    so be it 
"take note, boulder county, of the new crosswalk on 13th street   get your heads on straight and make it permanent "
casa <propfemale>!!!!!!
vegas or bust baby!!!!  seeing peepshow tonight at planet hollywood     damn i love vegas!!!
has discovered that making wishes in fountains can be hazardous for those around her   
what would <propmale> botwin do?
has decided it is time for a new <propmale> project 
"just becuase you call me for a ride, doesn't make any less of a walk of shame "
"everyone needs to go out and see inglorious basterds, and multiple times at that!"
off to in-n-out for last last time until christmas     *sigh*
off to honolulu   
i have a new pet! his name is kowabunga 
my fish is a very happy fish
classy in a naked kind of way   
do priests become pedophiles or do pedophiles become priests?
"grilled cheese, tomato soup, and a diet coke      what more could a girl ask for?  smile "
"not only do i have a happy fish, i have several happy fish   there are the seven dwarfs (neon tetra), mopsy, flopsy, and cottontail (guppies), thing 1 and thing 2 (little orange jobs), and kowabunga (purple beta)   in addition to that i have three snails: speedy gonzales, and <propfemale> and the brain   i am a woman of many fish "
"the most interesting thing happened    i bought fish, (like i said i am a woman of many fish) seven of them being neon tetra   there are only four of them in the tank    i know the other fish didn't eat them because they aren't aggressive    where are my fish??"
school starts today!!!!!!!
"three more of the seven dwarfs are dead    i suppose i'll have to change the name seeing as there is only one left   i think i'll call him jurassic park   that being said, how am i supposed to take care of myself when i can't even keep fish alive?"
i made it through the first week of school and i didn't die   i would say i'm off to a good start 
"i hope kanye west isn't at <propfirst> swayze's funeral    you can get back to mourning in a minute, but <propfirst> <propmale> had the best death of the year!     too soon?"
"so i gave in and read twilight   i hate to admit it, but i am converted "
strippers and jager-bombs    what a night!
less than two weeks until i'm in california!
i leave for california in one week!!! yyyyyaaaaayyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i saw dog the bounty <propmale> outside my apartment the other day!  finally after two years in honolulu my dream came true   his big blonde mullet is even more beautiful in person!!
i asked directions from a <propfemale> in a bottle of vodka and she lied to me   oh well   might as well polish the bottle 
fuck it   i'm seeing inglorious basterds again 
i hope the cardinals stomp the dodgers 
one day i will find the shrek to my <propfemale> 
is making a cheesecake 
"i can't even begin to describe the utterly fantastic mood i am in   the best part of it is, i'm not even being sarcastic!"
i'm leaving for california tomorrow!
i'm leaving for california today!!!!!
rip kowabunga    your suicide was a shock to me   
capitalism
"too much input, not enough output "
just picked up the new <propmale> palahniuk book today! i hope it isn't disappointing   
"    and turn right back around and head back to honolulu   back to the classes, and tests, and the unending cyclical minute routine that distracts from the violent reality that is life "
"and yet again i feel myself being let down   <propmale> palahniuk, oh how you disgrace yourself   your decline began with diary and took a turn for the worst with haunted   i thought perhaps you were going to make a recovery with rant, but i see my hopes amount to nothing   snuff offered little improvement, but pygmy is a sure sign that your writing abilities have died "
i am mikhela's complete lack of surprise 
is sick sick sick of fucking drama
statistics was cancelled! praise the lord! can i get an amen brother!!!!!!!
revolutionary road is a depressing and uncomfortable movie 
off to the gym 
worte a great paper for psych    but now i'm off to bomb a history test   
nervous breakdown in 3    2    1    go!
your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! now go away or i shall taunt you a second time!
off to the <propmale> museum!  love 
looking at prices for tickets to japan!!! i am so excited to go next spring!
the saw movies inspire me to be a better person 
i miss the snow of colorado 
halloweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen!!!!
i saw a slutty nun and a slutty jesus tonight    my life is basically complete! i love halloween!
i hate how we go right from halloween to xmas    what happened to thanksgiving?
"although in general i would consider myself a peaceful person who does not support war or political assasination, i am willing to change my stance for mahmoud ahmadinejad "
wishes <propmale> would come home 
my debate team won by a landslide and i was voted second best debater!
is really really looking forward to my 10 day california vacation for thanksgiving  thank god! i need to see my dogs!
music is the only thing that makes sense anymore   
i leave for california in one week!
my stats class makes me want to shake a baby!
going to the gym   
i'm back!
going to see new <propfemale> right now! i'm too excited for words!  love 
quiche and french onion soup for dinner    i hope it tastes good!
sometimes when i drive i can't help but think of the autopia cars at disneyland   
2012 was actually a pretty good movie   
get your turkey on!
thanksgiving has nothing to do with the native americans breaking bread with us back in the day   it was turned into a national holiday during the civil war by honest <propmale> in an attempt to unite a country in the throws of a vicious war 
i had a blast at the shooting range!
going back to hawaii tomorrow!
the semester is almost over    thank god!
the movie brothers is very depressing 
textbook buy-back is my favorite part of any semester   
textbook buy back was not as profitable as i had hoped   $19 75 for $200 worth of books?  seriously? fuck off hpu!
i'm swimming in a river of fatigue and pain   finals are going to be the death of me   for those of you who have finished finals: fuck off   love 
two down three to go!
so i'm finsihed with finals! better than that my humanities paper was chosen to be sent to the board as an example of super fucking amazing work!  it was supposed to be anonymous but i can't keep it quit because i am the shit!!!!!!!!!!  love 
peace out hawaii!
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes  love 
i'm sad about <propfemale> murphy!
red wine and frozen pizza    we are the very definition of class!
i wish my school would post grades already!
<propfirst> and <propfemale> is one of the best movies ever 
i got a 3 05 last semester!
black lace!
if you plan on seeing youth in revolt save your money and read the book 
"off to laughlin, nv! i hope i win $50,000!"
the lovely bones was great but bring tissues!
rain rain go away   
it's raining in my living room!
"in the wild there is no <propmale> care   in the wild health care is \ow! i hurt my leg i can't run   \"" a lion eats me  i'm dead """
as the rain falls from my ceiling into the pots on the floor it makes a different sound depending on the size of the pot    it almost sounds like music    shitty roof leaking e playful ensive repair music   
<propmale> lost more weight with subway than my total weight    and now he's fat again    i don't feel that bad lol!
i am a genius!
r i p jd salinger
going to see <propfirst> mraz tonight!
i hate my spanish teacher more than last semesters statistics teacher    
"everything i've been waiting for is coming tonight   the questions have tortured my mind for years causing me to lose countless hours of sleep, driving me deeper into the depths of insanity   hopefully this will bring about a sense of understanding   the final season of lost starts tonight!  i'm so excited!"
so    my phone screen broke today and i got texts from people and couldn't check them! if you texted me today and i didn't answer i'm sorry!!!
is coming to colorado april 14-19! get ready!
the ipad sounds like something you need when you're on your period   
is smitten like a kitten   
off to <propfemale> barbara ventura with my man   
this is the worst day on record in a while and it's only noon   
i no me gusta estudiar español !
i'm so excited to see <propfirst> mccartney on 3 31 at the hollywood bowl!!!
this is bad    i'm becoming used to getting up at 5:15am   
venti non-fat chai with 2 add shots    good morning world!
rip <propfirst> haim!
"just bought four playboys     i got <propfemale> handler, <propfemale> simpson, <propfemale> farris, and <propfemale> rabbit!"
i have a cough so i put on vics vapor rub    my cough is better but the vapor rub made my neck itch and the smell makes me sneeze! wtf?? what should i do?????
hates spanish and everything about it!
radiator bbq show at the cat club tonight! they go on at 930! be there or suck for life!
there is a snoring nugget next to me     love 
i have finally found the shrek to my <propfemale>   
fucking yogurtland!!!!!!!!! yyyeeeessssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
off to colorado until monday   
i get to see my nuggets tomorrow!
fuck i want to go to the zoo and look at monkies sooooo bad!
i'm going to the zoo tomorrow!! monkeys here i come!
i basically have the best boyfriend ever   
<propfemale> handler tonight!!!!! fuck i'm excited!!!!!!!!
"i hate when people \like\"" their own status   """
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!
is ready for the semester to be over 
i got a new bike!
fucking lost    6 years for that conclusion??? what a rip! what the hell even happened?
i *almost* understand what happened on lost   
riding bikes with my boyfriend is so fun!
laundry laundry laundry   
off to the game  i hope the cardinals fuck up the dodgers     let's not get swept guys   
*sigh* cards lost   
off to clovertucky to visit my mom today!
job hunting!!!!!
off to the grocery store   
there's nothing better than warm underpants fresh from the dryer!
my little brother is here woot-woot!
if i get sick i want house to be my doctor    i love when they have marathons!
what an interesting turn of events   
koko is getting married tomorrow!!!!
note to <propfirst> cera: enough already!!!
i like science 
i understand that the dogs love me but do i really need company in the bathroom???
going to see dinner for shmucks tonight!
"i hate all the stupid \ so and so likes    \"" who fucking cares what you like   i don't   you must have no life if you spend all your time writing and liking \""i likes\""   i like people who have lives """
school starts tomorrow!
first day of school was fine    now for day 2!
"for those of you who still don't know    i'm not coming back to hawai'i    there was no good way to tell you   most of you i will miss, some of you i won't and you all know who you are!  love "
you can now buy my homemade fudge at <propmale> bloom's cafe noir!
i think my childhood home is going to burn down   the mountains of boulder are on fire and my house is right at the fucking middle of it   it doesn't look good   
the final word came in     my house burned to the ground  nothing left but the chimney 
"so i'm watching a re-run of the vma'a and just saw <propfirst> bieber sing \baby\"" or whatever it's called    that was when i first realized that wasn't a girl singing   """
making tacos for dinner!
so i had a quick layover in vegas on my way back from colorado this morning and i won $100 on a fucking airport <propfemale> slot!!!!!!!!
i want to smash this nextel 
i like it on the table 
why is it that whenever i try to write a paper i always end up on facebook   
go rear ended on the way to school yesterday and my head hurts    fuck people who don't know how to drive 
the incompetence is killing me!
only 5 weeks of school left! come on 4 0!
the better my life gets the more boring i find facebook to be 
going to see the wall tonight!!! hell yea!
happy birthday to me!!!!
stop freaking out about your zodiac signs changing  you're all retarded 
i have the greatest boyfriend ever   while i was in the bath he made me tea and dinner  love 
thank you everyone!
