b37381ac899cb8f382680a711dffa792
packing to go back to school 2morrow  sad     smile 
"yeah, long story short, sorry u guyz, just needed a new facebook"
stupid scan line take 4eeeeeevvvveeeeerrrrr!!!!!!!
can't find anything to wear for halloween  sad   hmph
"fancy livin' here we come! la la <propfemale>, la la la! where? under roll #4?"
"is about to shoot everyone  angry and tired, dancing helped only a teensy bit  ugh! jpisejflflajfjsdl;fsdljnfljs!"
"hmmm sleeeeeeeeepy, but gotta get breaaaaakfast"
"<propfemale> - (to <propmale> trying on a tight shirt) \i'm coming out  i want the world to know  gotta let it show!!\"""""
that was <propfemale>!!! not meeee! i didnt post that!!!
"hmmmmmm, the cafeteria was a failure, but hopefully the garden will work out better  lol  laugh "
"today feels like a lazy day  nice weather, and lazy  smile  yay"
"great, facebook made me stay up an hour later than necessary! now i wont be able to get up early! darn facebook"
"i has disorder [of any kind]  so does everybody else  so nobody has disorders, because it's only disorderly if the majority doesn't have it  just sayin' "
"i cant find someone to take sketching downtown with meeeee  sad ((((( stupid \sign out with someone\"" rule! >\\"""
"dude, whoever didnt go to the piano concert totally missed out! it was cool : )"
getting invitations from a school i moved from  have they not noticed my 4 year absence?
is gonna have so much fun 2morrow in atlanta with all her fellow <propmale> pplz  smile 
"stupid test! may all <propfirst>'s bacon burn in hell darnnit! why franks, why??????"
"is so full she has to waddle around like some kinda rollie polie olie, and its so sad cuz she still has to eat the cheeze cake toooo  sad   smile "
"stupid <propmale> project just got back in the mail today, and i have to finish it by tomorrow  sad      crimeny, i hope i dont fall asleep trying to finish this thing!"
"kinda wants to live in a bubble, an impenetrable (unless by my choice) invisible bubble  smile  that would be fun"
"is curently confused about everything, and unstable  but, still hoping to come back nect semester "
"juries, monday, there all gonna eat me alive!!! aaaaaaaaa"
i'm still aliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive!!!  smile  the juries did not kill me  smile  yaaaaayyyyy! and now to get the christmas presents ready  smile 
ha ha! victory  smile  finally got my laptop i-pod back!  smile  now being back home is bearable  smile  yay
"is soooo excited, she gets to paint her room tomorrow!"
"awww man! leftovers tonight, that wouldn't be a problem       if all the good stuff wasn't eaten yesterday!  sad "
is currently helping her sister paint her room pink  smile  and blasting music! partay!!!!
"new year\new school\new friends \new life\wish me luck"
"is not going anywhere  mom just told me like, 5 mins ago  sorry i kinda <propfemale> a slight panic     i feel awkward now      "
"the time traveleres wife is soooooo sad! but it's good, cant wait till 2morrow  wink "
"gosh its so nice out, you'd forget its winter!"
"vampire weekend is the best, especially on a friday  smile "
hell froze over today! (i've got a lot of promises to keep)
"snowwwww!!! hehehehehhehshahahahhaha ya, ya, snow"
"needs prayers if she's gonna be able to go back to the gov  school next year  mom doesn't want to sign the papers, pray, or send good thoughts, or both pleze?"
"gosh, it seems like everyone went home this weekend       cricket cricket much?"
"vote 4 greenville!! we need good internet connection next year  and were so close to winning, we cant give up now!  http annoyed  www googlefiber com fiber-optics "
"ah, i love the weather today  it's just the right balance of breezes, and warmness  smile "
who knew that getting up at 6 in the morning to run up and down gently sloped hills isn't as fun as it sounds    
"is in a good mood today, but wants to stay away from the sun     it buuurns!!!"
"leaving for ny tomorrow  smile  i just hope i can get the internet at my aunts house     no, i realllly hope i can get the internet there "
"is sad now, my trip to ny has been postponed till next week! noooooooooo! now i have to unpack and repack! nooooooooooo!"
"is kinda boooooored     hmmmm supercalafrajalistice playful ialidocious    nope, didn't work    "
just got back from bringing mom some more clothes at the hospital
"is gathering up her courage, <propmale> hair cut today!!oo i soooo hope its gonna b ok                                                                              ~"
"staying in ny w fam, party on sat , lifes good  smile "
"ugh! i barely get internet connection here! do u know how long it took to get this status up?! i know i know im in ny, and should b having the time of my life, but i'm stuck @ my aunts house and kinda boored  sad  no worries, going to nj 2morrow  smile  suuuupa esciteeeeeed  smile "
found the sweetest of honeydews on my jog this morning  i almost forgot about those things  they smell sooo nice   smile 
can't wait to paint  smile   smile   smile  im painting and shopping todayyyyyyyyyyyy yay  smile  exciteddd
the fireworks @ west orange high were beautifull  smile 
"jump run play sleep, close eyes dream bleak, music dance close eyes, fireflies in night skies, sun shine night time, bittersweet pastime, forever is now, never know how, confess a mess, to jesus avow, live life, eat death, end strife, breathe breath, balance gives and tends to take, to fix one must make a break"
the school actually invited me back!!! yeaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!!! now all i have to do is hook my mom!!!!!!! yeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh! wheeew!!!! yeah!
"imagine this: you have to figure out what you want to do with the rest of your life within a week, all the while scouting out every nearby prospect college without a car, or help, all alone      sucksssss!!!  welcome to my life yay!"
me+ sidewalk+ blazing sun + 4 <propmale> =  2000 gallons (me + water)
"copy this into your status & see what ppl rate u! 1  crazy,2 sweet, 3 talkative, 4  sarcastic,       5  miss u, 6  nice, 7  moody, 8  dumb,9  mouthy, 10  spoiled, 11  random, 12  hot, 13  funny, 14  fit, 15  amazing, 16  tough, 17  cute, 18  totally geeky, 19  silly 20  luv u,      21 gorgeous"
"im watching orphan and its sooo scary!!!! omg omg, the brother, hes gonna dieeeeeeee!!!! aaaaaa"
pretty little liars  smile 
"bubble, <propfemale>, swirl, peanutbutter, cracker, nutella, green, plant, cafe world, style, shabby, splatter, paint on couch, yellow lamp, wall, marker, fun, kids, approve, design, ask, question, 20's, drop, hear, transform, cut, rip, outside"
"huge realization\ scratching is so screwed up  its like, natures ultimate payback! it dosent like us killing its bugs and trees, so it has us claw at ourselves until we bleed (like scratching cuts)! and the more we scratch, the more we want toooo!!! itch itch, darrnit, wheres the gold bond?!"
made onion rings for the first time tonight    they turned into giant black and brown blobs     ops      mom! dinners servedd!!
"orange, statue, sagacity, cornice, despotic, delve,devil, flag, stream, buggy, bugle, polkadot, curl, hat, elephant, zebra, stripes, pin, pinball, dance, palate, glasses, frame, green   "
"ok, so i'm trying to make myself ambidextrous, but its getting soooo frustrating! its like learning to write all over again! everything is so squiglly looking!! arg    my day will come!!!"
soooo bored!! ny is no fun when ur by ur self      sigh     
going to the pool with my uncle and he's bringing ppl     he's bringing me and a bunch of 11 year old boys  not exactly what i had in mind i'll bring a book    smile 
"\bull #^^%  $70 scuba diving equipment my @$$ \"" -angry man @ beach w broken goggles in clenched waving hand"""
in god we trust; all others must pay cash 
"in god we trust, all others must pay cash      or debit"
"no auntie, i dont need therapy  yes auntie, i know how to swipe the metro card  wait auntie, i cant do all that at once  sorry auntie, i really didn't hear you  yes auntie, i washed my face and brushed my teeth today \my life @ 17"
what if our planet was another planet's hell?
<propmale> and <propfemale>'s infinite playlist is a greeaat movie  smile  i love it
"snow whites doing dishes again, cuz what else can u do with 7 itty bitty men?\sends them to bed, then she calls up her friend, says \can you meet me at midnight?"
"just saw yes man, and now, i will say yes to everything  smile !!!! hahahahaaaaaa!!! two weeks    no one month,  of yes!!!"
"1 month of yes, workin' well so far    x)"
can somebody tell me why my mom wants me in therapy? she doesn't even know me well enough to say so! ugh! im fine!!!
"my <propfemale> pet is 12 days old now!!! new record! still alive!\wheeew yeah! \whos cool?\not me!\cuz im super duper mega awesomely killer wicked cool!!!"
yes! yes! yes! yes  yes  sure      (through gritted teeth forced smile)    yes!
"i know that you know, but do you know that i know you know? i just wish you didn't know in the first place "
u kno ur getting old when you get the same sensation from a rocking chair  you once got from a roller coaster     
"bowling, kayaking, movies, re-baptize, shoppn, chlln,convinced, bck 2 school, smr readn, maplestory, i cant believe its not buttr, fluffy pillow, messy paint, yellow bag, chinese food"
thank you gooooodddd!!!!  laugh ddddddd
"well, 11 days!  laugh dddd *(oozing w excitement)*"
"4 2morrow, the village    shopping!! oooooo yeaaaaah bby lol  smile "
"o good morrow freedom, twas nice knowing u  back 2 hell 2morrow       sigh     :{"
"over 1,500 channels, and nothing is on     great job you television entertainment businesses  great job"
"well, great  im not leaving until next week  indecision       another week of being alone in ny   :{"
i wuz just wondrn    do prison buses have emergency exits?
"im justn this boint 2morrow!! free free, free at last!!!"
yay! im finally home!     but now i have to pack up 4 skool    (excited  laugh )
packing   cant wait till 2morrow 2 c all my friends and new roomie <propfirst> felder !!! and my phone works again! its been months    so happy!!
"is lost in a swirl of events and new people    maybe a good lost, we'll see"
"stupid guitar    so distracting, stop looking at me, i need to finish my work!!"
wild child    oh dear     
kinda loves life about now  laugh 
nothing more welcoming like a nice argument first thing back home    ahhhh   gotta love home sweet home  laugh 
aint no party like my <propfemale>'s tea party!!
party 2nite in atlanta babyyy!!!!
crap    this <propmale> history test is gonna kick my patuski   
"okay, only in <propfemale> would someone mistake a burger <propmale> sign for the <propfemale>   "
is excited for hiking tomorrow  laugh  yay
"god, they are wearing leaves     thank you for my sanity"
would love a 7 day nap please
"fmylife com is banned from govie laptops in the dorms  wtf?! \fml"
"once upon a time,\     someone destroyed all the sat's  everyone lived happily ever after    \the end"
"needs some actors soon, don't have to be a drama student      anybody up 4 helping me out a bit?"
is excited and happy  playful  yay
"he charmed mrs higgins till she turned red!! dude, that was hilarious  hilarious   "
would love to know why she hears <propfemale> merkel's sewing machine all the way in her room  at first i thought it was a hamster wheel     
"what if our souls in our body right now were only one part of our souls, and we had 7 souls in different bodies all over the world, and we didn't know it, and when we died, all our souls combined again and we became really wise?"
"by what i gathered, the sat is like a bad relationship  nobody wants to go back to it, but they do anyway, some people even go back more than 3 times! ridiculous!"
"so happy to be freeee from <propmale> history!!! no hw tonight, so, yaaay, i can sleep early!"
"wondering y ppl answer txts more than phone calls    i think calls are wayeasier, but i guess that may b just me  "
"it can be a good thing, or just sad when u find out who your real friends are    "
have a nice thanksgiving everybody! bye!  love  see you guyz after break  smile 
"oh how i detest the, <propmale> history  thou shalt die!"
enjoyed seeing her beautifull awsome srs   smile 
"if i just say fire alarm or 2 in the morning or exam day number 1, everyone would know what incident im talking about, i loathe you freezing weather, but especially when i'm supposed to be sleeping "
that performance was soooo cool! great! i couldn't stop moving  im happy  smile 
100 on physics exams baby!!! oh yeah!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"im getting $64,000 if i go to watkins?! what ?! that's what i'd gladly pay them! gosh, im so happy!"
"hey mom, is this christmas break or army camp? i would like some free time, u know, time when im not cleaning at 9 in the morning? \        *mom*- <propfemale>! where are you? come clean this carpet with a toothbrush! the guests are comming tomorrow! act like you have some life in you!*        sigh"
lunar eclipse tonight!!! excited smile 
"arg, there are only 2 people in this world that make me want to use physical violence  why do they have to live with me?   "
"beautifull  \like god is sprinkling powdered sugar sprinkled on our little <propfemale> bread houses, spreading vanilla icing over rooftops in thick blankets, making south <propfemale>'s own little white sea   \everywhere, \beautifull  snow "
"with <propfemale> <propfemale> cheng, i ate    \\octopus, sushi, boc choy, real tofu, mussels, soup, pizza, buffalo wings, pizza, rice, cake, chips, apples, cereal, oranges, fluffy white bread stuff, mango, kabobs, more sushi, crab legs, shrimp, eclairs, cookies, <propfemale> chicken, a french fry, and a bunch of other foods i cant think of        \\isn't this why we started the diet together in the first place?"
"i am anointed to paint  i will paint, and because of god i will paint on a level that the world is not familiar with  all for the <propfemale> of god  \thake that world"
"things done subconsciously, those things say the most "
"so, only in sc can you have a snow day, for not even a foot of snow    but i'm lovin it!!!  love  time to go make snow angels!"
"biggest snowball fight ever, and first time sledding  let's do it again tomorrow! i  love  snow days!"
"i mean hey, who doesn't love sleeping in, but this snow thing is being dragged out waay to long  this is weeeird  it's called salt the roads pepple! get it together "
"bollywood zumba is the best! fun stuff, fun stuff   "
excited about the fashion show 2morrow!!  smile  yay  my fingers are crossed   
in the dumps    
guess who can finnaly centerrrrrrr????!!!! im so happy!!!!! five weeks and noww     yes!!
just got back from a life size replica of the parthenon!!!!! inside there was even a giant <propfemale>! sooooo coooool!!!
why do i need a sat score of 1800 to be a secret agent? nooooooooooo
