68dd6921d0624c909ffbbfedf2168250
watchin the game   
going to breakfast and the movies with <propfirst>  smile  happy 11 months  smile 
hey! lol love ya too
"hey guys, the <propmale> class is having an end of summer pool party in grafton this friday!  smile  the price is 5 dollars to get in and we will be having food and drinks as well   this is a fundraiser for our 2010 prom so please attend!  it's from 630-830 and we hope to see everyone there! anyone is welcome! thanks  smile "
just got home from the camp   it was fun  smile  as always   now i'm hoping to go to the drive-in tonight! haven't been all summer   
bed now   school in the mornin
so done with homework   helpin <propfirst> with his   lol   
we miss you so very much   pray for them   
school   
wish fall was here already   hate this inbetween season
"hey juniors!!  don't forget your baked goods for tonight's fundraiser!!  also, does anyone have a pop up tent to cover us?"
going to bed now   xc in the morning   night  smile 
watchin game   go mountaineers!
sittin round
wanting to know how the ghs scrimmage went!!  smile  just got all my partying supplies at <propmale> world  smile 
gettin ready for my party!!  smile  hope everyone can make it  smile 
ugh' doing this last minute essay   
wanna go outside and make a snowman  smile 
just got ready   michael <propfirst>'s comin over later!  smile   smile  then i'm spendin some time with his family  smile 
going to write essay soon   hopefully seeing <propfirst> later  smile 
"so to anyone who can help me out: i'm not sure which wvu dorm to stay in next year, any suggestions or comments?"
thinkin about that english project   ya just thinkin about it   
"home, my brother won his game!! so happy and proud of him!  smile "
sittin around   mostly done with my english project!!  smile  sooo happy about that
why me?
lookin for a prom dress!!  smile 
i love <propfirst> sinatra    so awesome   
so so so happy!
"just got up   dad fixed us pancakes, bacon, and coffee, and thats why he's the breakfast man  wink  best pancakes ever, love my fam  smile "
"need to study, but i'm lazy   "
changed my profile pic!  smile  it's me on a segway  wink 
gettin ready to go <propfemale> out with <propfirst>  smile 
i'm done with trying   
o i love tea    
why isn't it friday already?
"when i stand before god at the end of my life, i would hope that i would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, \i used everything you gave me \"""""
my profile pic changed! me and my hoby friends  smile 
"\what greater thing is there for two human souls that to feel that they are joined   to strengthen each other   to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories \"""""
so tired   sledding makes me wanna take a nap   
omg my dad just brought me home chocolate covered cherries for <propfirst>'s day!! ugh so good   
"wishing for that coastal sun and the sea   it's not that i don't love the snow, it's just that i love the beach!"
i love love tea   
should i take the act at fairmont state or bridgeport?? any suggestions?
takin the act in april   
i love you <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile  and i always will  smile 
sleepy      
"check out me in an interview at 4-h dance weekend! lol, didn't know this was going to show up on youtube   lol    "
sittin in the sun doin homework  smile 
just got up    finally got some sleep for once  smile  out to get some sun now!
just got home from runnin with my <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile  so nice outside  smile 
happy easter  smile 
"love my life, family, friends, and my bf *mdb*  smile "
"got michaels tux fitted  smile  kfc now, mall later  smile "
"amazing fun day, and its all because of you!  smile  love you mdb  smile "
good day  smile  softball later   unless this storm passes over grafton   
loving life  smile 
amazing day today! nothin but relaxin with my fam and then spendin time with my one and only  smile  luv u mdb  smile  bedtime now   
sleep time  smile 
just got home from an amazing trip  smile  so so tired though   
sleep time  smile  thinkin bout you mdb  smile 
so   just filled out application for grafton 123! now all thats left to do is wait     
o so glad it's the weekend!  smile 
"sleepy, bedtime   but happy mothers day mom! i love you more than you know  smile  your the best i could ever ask for  smile "
so glad theres no school today  smile  lovin this place i'm in right now  smile 
goin to bed   great day though  smile  love you <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile 
   and all i think about is you     smile 
"yesterday was a perfect day, all because of you  smile  luv u mdb"
<propfirst> you better win!
i'll stand up for you <propfirst>! you're the only one who played the strategic game! ughhhh    
the jury is dumb    
sooo bedtime soon   
"well, there's one thing off my to do list    celeste got a job!! so so excited  smile "
"mikey started work today  smile  but now i can't wait to start my job, just to escape this looming boredom   "
love this  smile 
wishes she could sing   
at work  smile  had fun with <propfirst> <propfirst> n <propfirst> at the creek!!  smile 
<propfirst> just left for work   had a great morning with you baby  smile  time for some layin outside in the hot sun and maybe some homework   lol   maybe   
tired   but need to study some   
"bedtime  smile  ily mdb, forever  smile "
just got home from work   so tired   
going to red lobster!!  smile  so hungry   
"what to do today   mikey's at work, <propmale> and <propfemale> are at the house, but i do not wanna even think about summer assignments   "
off to work  smile  makin some money!
home from work  smile  super tired now   
loving this summer weather  smile 
home from work       so tired        
you are the reason i wake up every day and sleep through the night   
just saw 'get him to the greek' with my love   wow   lol   so funny  smile 
can't wait to go to the beach!!!!  smile 
just got home from the lake with <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile 
i just love it that i know nothing  smile  people just e playful ect me to know!  smile 
totally screwed up dinner     sad 
on my way to the pittsburgh zoo with my <propfirst> <propfirst>!!!!  smile 
just got home from <propfemale> with <propfirst>  smile  amazing wonderful day!!  smile  ilu mdb  smile 
toy story 3 was awesome  smile  saw pretty much everyone from grafton there lol   
wants mikey to get done with work!  smile 
work time   
"everything in life is temporary, because everything changes  that's why it takes great courage to love, knowing it might end anytime but having the faith it will last forever "
needs her fishing license   for the beach!  smile  ima catcha shark  wink 
just got back from county 4-h camp   beach on saturday!  smile 
"packing for the beach  smile  o i can't wait for that hot sun, warm sand, and cool sea  smile "
at the beach! o so excited for this week  smile   smile 
with my fam and my love at the amazing beach and sound for this fantastic fourth  smile 
another amazing day at topsail beach  smile  finishing it off hangin round with mikey n my fam drinkin milkshakes  smile  couldn't be better!!
playin a lazy game of monopoly at the beach house  smile  posting pics later!
" smile  couldn't be better! well, subtract the sun burn, and ya perfect!! headin home tomorrow sometime   goin to miss this place  annoyed "
home  smile  but it feels weird   i feel like i should have woken up to the waves crashing and salty air   
gettin in my pool!!  smile 
"sleep, church, <propfemale> 2!  smile "
<propfemale> 2!
home   missin everyone already   i love all of you guys!!!
"sometimes life surprises you and confuses you, but it will all turn out okay  smile "
is sleepy   
working on some stuff   
ready for bed  smile  up tomorrow and headed to mon general  smile 
at grafton city hospital   ready to leave
still here
so so hot out   time to hit the pool! decks bein built  smile 
time to get to work   
volunteerin at mon general this morning  smile 
no power    
power!!!
well   i hope it gets hot  and <propfemale> today cause i wanna get my tan back!
breakfast at crackerbarrel with my fam  smile  its going be a great sunday  smile 
"i believe in rules   sure i do   if there weren't any rules, how could you break them?"
tea fixes everything  smile 
"nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide "
swimming swimming in my swimming pool  smile 
can't sleep   but why?
"why is it that when i stay up late, i have to get up early?"
"o calculus, why do you have to be so unkind?"
loves the calm before the thunderstorm  smile 
"i thought of you today, i remembered all the laughs and all the fun, i thought of your smile, i wished for your face to light up just one more time, i wondered how you'd like being another year older, lol, but most of all i thought of how much we all miss you   i thought of you today   rest in peace   "
loungin pool side  smile 
"what to do, what to do   "
you know where i be  smile 
"we may only have tonight \but till the morning sun you're mine all mine \play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love"
"we may only have tonight \but till the morning sun you're mine all mine \play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love"
"one down, two to go   "
"well, goodbye summer   until next year  smile "
a nice jump into my pool after running is the perfect cool-down  smile 
"eat, pray, love was amazing!  smile  sleep now, hopefully   "
"sunday, sunday, sunday   lazy day  smile "
loves bein a senior  smile 
sooo ready for this long weekend! finally!
"up early for the race, why do i run again?"
lets go wvu  smile 
so   how many days until thanksgiving break?
ready for the weekend!  smile 
"bed now, race later, then bed again"
"church picnic today  smile  then no plans, just layin around   "
"sweet dreams, or beautiful nightmares? goodnight facebook  smile "
where is the weekend?
lets go wvu!  smile 
why am i so lazy? going to attempt this homework now   
life can always surprise you  smile 
"ok, lets get this over with   "
somewhere beyond the sea   
went to dinner and a movie with my <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile  luv u mdb  smile  bedtime soon   
"come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away   "
"buried in homework, making tea to settle the stress  smile "
movie with the fam  smile 
so ready for this lazy day  smile 
live! live the wonderful life that is in you! let nothing be lost upon you  be always searching for new sensations  be afraid of nothing   (the picture of <propfirst> gray)
homecoming parade tonight!  smile 
homework time   or maybe rest time  wink 
klondike bar  smile 
this essay is haunting me   
baby it's cold outside   
one may give without loving; but none can love without giving 
comin home from the drake concert!!!!
its finally friday! ready to go to dinner and a movie!!  smile 
runnin and spendin time with my mdb  smile  i love you <propfirst>  smile 
"saturday night in october, snuggled up with a hot cup of tea and some scary movies  smile  perfect"
enjoyin this day off  smile 
study time at the 123  smile 
goin to the wvu game later with my <propfirst> <propfirst> n my family!
comin home from the game!  smile 
cross-country is almost over for the rest of my life  smile 
sooo happy to sleep in today  smile 
"cant wait for <propfirst> to get off work, fright farm here we come!  smile "
home bound  smile  sleep soon   
needs to go to the spa   asap   
"busy afternoon, and enjoyin it  smile "
"homework n listenin to the amazing, wonderful <propfirst> sinatra  smile "
xc is now over   eight years of hard work and running came to an end   i'll miss the amazing memories   but i'll never forget them  smile 
"baby please don't go   if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here? i don't know if you feel the way i do, if you leave i'm goin find you, baby please don't go   "
"school, eatin pancakes, drinkin hot chocolate  smile "
on a tour of wvu! cant wait for next year now  smile 
"school, powderpuff game, then hittin the books  smile "
finally friday  smile  xc states tomorrow! goin to cheer on our grafton guys!  smile 
amazing weekend so far!  smile 
"wishes she could have an endless, free supply of starbucks coffee   "
feels so good to sleep in  smile  still layin in bed   
these last few days have been amazing  smile  all because of you  smile  love you forever my mdb  smile 
lovin this day  smile 
wvu tour tomorrow!  smile  no school for this girl  wink 
snow  smile 
essay time   yay    
"attempting this research paper   ya, attempting   "
studyin with <propfirst>  smile 
studyin      this is goin to take a while   
bored   waitin for <propfirst> to get back from class  smile 
back from one of the best weekends of my life  smile 
waiting for thursday night! midnight premier!!!   smile 
gots some studyin to do later   hip hip hooray         annoyed 
just now got outta bed   i wanna feel better now   
cant wait for tonight!!  smile 
"sooo tired, need sleep   "
why is it <propfemale> dark <propfemale> early? i feel like i need to go to bed now   
spa soon!!! o bedford springs take me away      
done hunting for today with my <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile 
headed to the spa  smile  so excited  smile  luv u mdb
"last day at the spa tomorrow   goin to miss this place, til next year!  smile "
going to get some rest soon   shopping in the morning!!
is very happy  smile 
let it snow  smile 
lets go wvu! headed to morgantown for the game later  smile 
got our christmas tree up  smile  time to decorate!
no school  smile  snow day!!!
"nhs members will not be ringing the <propfemale> this evening, enjoy this snow day!"
please snow more  smile 
falling asleep to the wondrous sounds of <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
"i don't mind another day off, so bring on the snow!"
in morgantown waiting to watch mamma mia!  smile 
just got some beautiful pre-birthday flowers from my family  smile  love you guys  smile 
just woke up on this wonderful 18th birthday morning  smile  breakfast soon!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! love ya  smile 
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday  smile   smile   smile 
up finally  smile  getting ready to go to church  smile  dinner later with my love  smile 
please hurry up snow  smile 
snow fall please  smile  i plan on making a snowman tomorrow  smile 
hot tea + <propfirst> sinatra + writing an essay = a lazy essay  smile 
still trying to write this essay    why can't i concentrate and write an amazing essay?!!?!?!
"in times like these\in times like those\what will be will be\and so it goes\and it always goes on and on   \on and on it goes   "
girls night  smile 
headed to elkins for an early christmas with my family  smile 
is so proud of you mikey! so happy you made it through your first semester of college! now let's do just as amazing in the second semester  wink  i love you babe xo
goin to morgantown to watch <propfemale> with the school  smile  only a half a day of actual school left!
o christmas break is almost here!  smile 
"just woke up   lol time for some tea, music, and wrapping presents  smile "
goin to watch inception with my love  smile  xoxo <propfirst> <propfirst>
just got home  smile  love my boyfriend and his wonderful family  smile  christmas with my amazing family tomorrow!
finally awake  smile  going to play in the freshly fallen snow with <propfirst> here in a bit!
homework at midnight? i think so  smile 
bed soon  smile  more school and studying tomorrow yay   
studying takes up my nights now   and it will take over the next few days as well   
at the 123 later with hillarie!  smile 
just got super-fast internet! here comes a day full of youtube and hulu!  smile 
dad just made starwars shaped pancakes for breakfast  smile  yum
study study study    only one more day of this    until next semester   
well i feel a little better now    
spending time with hillarie  smile  movie time!
on my way to wisp with <propfirst> to snowboard for the first time! wish me luck lol  smile 
"headed back from wisp! a little sore and beat up, but i loved it! thanks to <propfirst> for teachin and staying with me! love you baby"
bedtime   school in the morning  smile 
"no school   and so glad, cause i did none of my homework  smile "
what to do today           
headed to fairmont to watch a play with <propfirst>  smile 
"tired of the cold   wanna wake up to a warm, <propfemale>, summer day   "
lazy day   snow day   maybe read some ap chem and try to understand? that's only a maybe though   
wisp later today!  smile  let's hope i do better this time lol   
i found my future dog! o so cute samoyed puppies  smile 
"headed home, had a great time at yac with <propfemale> n friends  smile "
doesn't feel well   
school and then younglife tonight!
is loathing ap chemistry
"just me, a pot of coffee, and my chemistry book all night long"
just got me dorm in the honors hall at wvu!!
taking <propfirst> out for his birthday  smile 
"need some sleep, trying to sleep, time for sleep     "
homework then some sleep  smile 
cleaning   
"do you break things when you get mad?\eat a box of chocolates 'cause you're feelin' bad?\do you paint your toes 'cause you bite your nails?\call up momma when all else fails?\\who are you when i'm not around?\when the door is locked and the shades are down?\do you listen to your music quietly?\and when it feels just right, are you thinkin' of me?\\my oh my, you're so good-looking\but who are you when i'm not looking?"
great day  smile  and there will be another week to follow  smile 
out to eat with <propfirst>  smile 
so    your love is a song  smile 
on my way to get my passport!  smile 
is wanting to do some snowboarding  smile 
"great, amazing weekend  smile   smile "
"at the dentists   and realized i still go to a kids dentist   and i'm the biggest \kid\"" here   """
ready for the weekend!
i hope time flies from 8-315 today   then slows way down for the weekend   make it last!
rain to snow so quickly today   where is the sun?
with the bests  smile 
to fairmont tomorrow with <propfirst>  smile 
stressed out   but loving this rain to put me to sleep    
vote for <propfirst> mcdonald! on american idol! he's awesome    love him!
study then bed  smile 
"why can't i just be laying on the sand, soaking up the sun, listening to the tide rise right now?"
just tired   
comin home from dance weekend! best one yet!  smile 
just got back from canaan! so tired   
wow    i need to feel better soon    
"let sleep be the wave that takes me away, far away   all the way to a new shore on a new day   "
yay    i love being sick          
weekend doesn't feel like a weekend
o girlscout cookies   i've missed you so!
<propfirst> sinatra  smile 
come on friday   hurry up
needs more sleep    or coffee
goodbye jacksons mill    until july
needs to find a good book   
tired of this weather   
another day   
"what am i going to do with all this stuff i've collected over the years when i go to college? what can i do with it? can't throw it out, can't give away   idk!"
