32ee45712a1310ca98d0c6daa10008fd
"slowly going into a hibernation from large quantities of barbecue, and cake    and a hammock  smile "
surfing the internet acting like a nerd 
just got back from the grape stomp   didn't stomp grapes but had a good time  smile 
"is excited about camping tuesday  smile  it's going to be nice to have a couple days off in a row to savor the first day off, haha"
"facebook e playful eriment if you are reading this, & even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you & me  when you've finished post this on you're own status: you'll be surprised what people remember about you    "
do not accept a friend request from <propfirst> butterfield  he is a hacker  tell everyone on your list because if 1 of your friends adds him as a friend he will be able to get your computer's id and address  so let everyone know- copy & paste to your post
"updating my ipod nano so i have something new to listen to   any suggestions?  let me know, i prefer alternative rock or forgotten 90's music   i'm always up for something new if it sounds good though "
yeah!  the goonies are on   that was my favorite show when i was younger   haha  kind of disappointing how unbelievably fake everything looks compared to how cool it used to look forever ago!
i have today and saturday off!  what a wonderful feeling   i'm going to make the best of it   i started by eating brownies for breakfast!  smile 
"o restore facebook to the old look  look to the top left menu and click on more (in blue)  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to the top, click on it  that becomes your default and it will become like before  pass it on!"
enjoying some halloween <propfemale>   smile 
mentally shaking off the stress from work with one flair at a time  haha
"fyi  hacker warning! there is a new way to hack your facebook  a notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open a new <propfemale> and tell you to re-enter your facebook user name and password  the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be on the look out!! plz repost this to your status to let your facebook family know "
"rainy days aren't the best, but they are a great reason to be lazy and it bad food   smile  well for me anyway   "
my bff is having her baby!!
"    damn the humane society commercial gets me everytime   especially when they add the caption \why did they hurt me?\"" with a one eyed cat    very sad """
just had like 5 pieces of french toast       i need to learn the stopping point before i start to feel like i'm sick   and i have a lot to learn            ugh 
"yeah    off to work at 5am sunday    erg    not feeling so great either, i just have to focus on the fact that going in early means leaving early and then i can get more of my stuff done "
hope everyone has a very <propfemale> christmas!  smile 
"everyone have a safe and happy new year and if you make any resolutions, goodluck!  can't believe it's already gonna be 2010   wow it's flown by!"
two stories of new years <propfemale> party!  yay!  smile 
happy new year!!!!
i have a headache      sad 
"yeah it's snowing!!! *fingers crossed* please snow a lot, please snow a lot!"
white  smile 
sick of being cold         sad 
okay it's back to the same old songs again on my ipod    does anyone have any suggestions of good songs to download?  my music genre preference is alternative rock but a little pop mixed in is good to   i am really bored of all my music right now   thanks in advance to whoever can help me   smile 
"ran on the treadmill and it about killed me, but now i feel like i have more energy (finally), <propfirst> is a very good motivator, thanks <propfirst> ?  smile "
"went bowling, gotta tattoo    jk a fake tattoo  wink  haha and yes i suck at bowling "
my dog whitey died today    he was going on 17 years and i've had him since i was 8 years old    he was my <propmale> and i'm going to miss him a lot 
"trying to use some of my spare time to organize things    we'll see, i'm sure something will distract me on tv and i'll zone out and not get it done   haha"
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>!
haven't woke up this early in awhile    ugghhh    redbull?    no redbull?    hmm    coffee    and off to work soon    smile  haha
"<propfemale> <propfemale> browne gossmy wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does                and make this your status for at least an hour? "
this time of year sucks    i don't even look forward to weekends anymore   hopefully the dreary winter mood changes in a couple of weeks 
searching for new highlight ideas for my hair and maybe some new shape to   either way it's time for a change    i mostly wear my hair down so i at least better change it up every couple of months   smile 
"with the weathermen taking back all of their predictions of a large snow, i've came to the conclusion that i want it to be summer     because i'm sick of this cold crap with nothing pretty to look at!"
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name,copy and paste this post as your status, then copy and paste the first entry under your name as the first comment"
i have this cough that won't go away!! i coughed all last night and i've got so much work to do today     it feels like someone punched me in my upper stomach and chest    ugh    
"i'm so stuffed    had a little bit of a fish fry with of course some fish (mostly crappie, and bluegill and bass) with onion rings, fries, and mexican rice   yummy, but i'm so full "
"ugh, i've had a sore throat for the past couple of weeks with that spectacular cough, but now i'm getting to the point where i'm about to lose my voice    and i'm sure there has to be a couple people with their fingers crossed, haha "
"hmmm    what's on my mind    unnecessary stress, hypocrites, and only the best of life's made up problems in the corporate world     legally i'm probably not allowed to say anymore than that     my short temper may get me in trouble    again  laugh "
"? ? ? it's <propfirst>'s week on facebook  change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other  ? ? ? <propfirst> and i have been dating for 8 years and 5 months, since i was around 15 in highschool    jeeze and i'm 24?  yeah we need to get married soon   haha  smile  ? ? ?"
"i wish the snow would melt, it's pretty but i'm ready for spring, preferably late spring"
"enjoying my day off, getting some work done at the same time, then afterward more doodle jump  then when j?el gets off work some more relaxation and video games   i'll wait till thursday to get some serious work done   smile "
"preparing for some upcoming screen print jobs, printing some pants, and organizing to make things a little easier for the next time (about time! ha!)  it's funny how i like to be busy, but i complain about it, but when i've got down time i go crazy   the grass is always greener right?  i'm just a picky complainer  smile "
"one of my most unproductive days ever   i ate soup, ate pineapple upside down cake, drank a v8, slept, ate lasagna tv dinner, slept, upside down cake, & facebook   all while the same clips of the upcoming tsunami has played over and over again on cnn, i'm gonna go out on a limb and say i should have moved my lazy butt from the couch and used my time to the list of things i needed to get done, i'm such a bum   *sigh*"
"in a rush to get out of work i ran over my achilles ankle from pulling my cart behind me    ouch   thought it was just a temporary ouchy well it's kind of bothering me through my television viewing time   on the bright side i was only ten minutes past my scheduled time, yes new record!"
ugh     going to bed to wake up 5 hours from now to go to work   
"busy, busy, busy          sometimes i have so much on my list i get confused on where to start!  then i wind up on facebook       lol    well go to bed and start another day!"
watch your thoughts they become your words - watch your words they become your actions - watch your actions for they become your character   
off to my other work    *sigh*
"i've been so busy, i've been replacing sleep with redbull and then with all the redbull i can't sleep!  not a healthy habit, and then when i get to doing something my mind still lags back   so i'm having a no caffeine weekend and catching up on sleep, but i think it will pay off in the long run and i'll get stuff done quicker "
"is going to swing a baseball bat around at work tomorrow and if any customers get in my way, it's their own fault!!! - that was status shuffle but i literally laughed to myself for like ten minutes so i had to post it that will actually help me out when i run into the next butthead there    hahahaha lol"
"how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me, you know, our very first encounter  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be   "
i'd rather slide down a slide of razor blades into a pool of lemon juice than go to work today     
"i'm happy in my life & everything & all the loved one's in it are irreplaceable, however it's absolutely impossible to make them happy at once, i'd like to know when i was deemed the person to take care of all the petty little problems, don't get me wrong i ask alot from them, but i'd love a moment to myself   & w o my phone ringing, just 5 minutes & then let the conversations, debates, & negotiations commence again!"
"watching one of my favorite movies, dazed and confused   what a fun and funny movie   smile "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can          raise awareness  many won't copy and paste this    "
"weekends need to start being a little more fun, i really do appreciate them, i just don't have the time to appreciate them to their fullest extent   i need to literally start planning my fun again so then since it's on my list, i have to do it   jeeze, why do i always sound like a crazy person? i'm not totally sure if i want answers on that last sentence though   "
"i love breakfast for dinner   fried eggs, bacon, sausage, toast and grape jam     and two huge glasses of milk   super, super awesome "
"to anyone that's tried to add a second profile of me, i'm not ignoring you i just had an accidently meshing of another profile and our firefly creative profile that i can't get rid of   oopsies "
"no matter what i'm doing, i'm always running, mostly work but even when i am about to have fun i'm still running to get there  there's just not enough hours in the day, and not enough days in the week    oh well it could be far worse than this so i better smile!  smile "
"happy mother's day to all the mommies, especially mine!  i told her i would be a starving, unorganized mess without her and it's very much true   i'm on time everywhere i go because she helps me with everything    i don't know what i'd do without her   love you mom!"
getting caught up on all my stuff   feels nice to cross stuff off the list   i feel like sometimes when there's so much stuff to do that i can't even speak correctly! haha so maybe i'll sound like a genius now     smile 
"true friends can go long periods of time\without speaking and never question their friendship, pick up like they\just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been     post this\if you are lucky enough to have at least one    "
i'm sleepy    and kind of hungry for nachos and cheese   but with con quesa dip not just cheese and a rootbeer float  mmmmmmmm    but i don't have that  sad  i guess at this time of night i don't need it either   
"busy, busy week ahead    got to get stuff done so i can relax this weekend!  now if i could only change the weather for friday    keep the 80* weather and remove the rain!  camping here i hopefully come!  smile "
just want to let everyone know my firefly creations@hotmail com was hacked accept or open nothing from that address   only accept emails from firefly-creative com emails please!
"productive day, pretty happy about it   got a lot of stuff done, been trying to eat healthier   a little anyway   anyhow i feel energetic and accomplished!  i also feel rested after the relaxing, fun weekend <propfirst> and i had with autumn and <propmale>   it really does pay to take time off!  i'm recooperated!"
working    enough said   nice day though 
"storminess    makes the day more exciting!  well, as long as it's not dangerous to anyone "
"please repost!!!!!!!! help us find our sister, daughter, wife, mother and friend to many    if you know anything about <propfemale>'s whereabouts, you are asked to contact the woodstock police department at 815-338-2131 please repost and have you friends repost ! thank you"
"my dad is my hero and just the best father ever! whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you, or if he is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and love him dearly!!!! i love you dad, your the best a girl could ask for!!!"
"watched \the crazies\"" and \""hot tub time machine\"" with <propfirst> lastnight    \""the crazies\"" was way better than i thought it would be and \""hot tub   \"" was hilarious!"""
getting some of my stuff together to slowly pack for vacation    exactly one week!  so excited <propfirst> and i need this   both of us have been full speed ahead for awhile especially him this past week   can't wait!  laugh 
yay!  according to cnn bp has stopped the oil leak      finally   now for the thousands upon thousands of gallons in the ocean   
on our way to gatlinburg tennessee! yay!  smile 
had an awesome day yesterday!  we were at the top of one of the mountains and had an awesome view   the small trek up there in such a high elevation almost killed me tho   and just got done eating biscuits n' gravy thanks to <propfirst> and off to the aquarium and wine and cheese social later!  smile  maybe going to forbidden caverns later this week    fingers crossed!
"totally just seen a bear when we went to cades cove, awesome and all, thought i recorded some awesome video to    well i must have left the camcorder on, pressed pause for the bear and the recorded 2 <propfemale> of my stomach while talking about how awesome it was to get it all on camera    sorry <propfirst>   "
has just enjoyed some of the local wine and then maybe some of chocolate chip cookies made by <propfirst>    i'm wondering if i should attack the snow crab from my earlier meal or not     i my throw up with that mix so i'm trying to use my good judgement skills   smile   off to forbidden caverns tomorrow morning!  possibly with a headache     playful 
"just had tacos with <propfirst> and did a wee bit of shopping, i kinda feel like a girl again! yay!"
"wow!  got back from tennessee a little earlier and only halfway done with unpacking    had a great time, lots of pics and memories *aww  smile * however a little list has accumulated since my departure and now i've got to get back with it!  full nights sleep + redbull = productivity!"
"just busted my butt in the water at the boat ramp!  uncomfortable, but funny    i sound squishy now   "
"is very tired     and full from my nachos and salsa    and my mixture of it afterwards when i ran low of each   i'm sure there has to be another step before it taste like the cueso (?) dip, because it didn't taste like what i had hoped it would taste like      now onto some twix bars and maybe some cool whip   i practice such healthy eating habits "
"you should make amends with you, if only for better health  but if you really want to live, why not try, and make yourself? - incubus, make yourself"
seven days without laughter makes one weak   ~mort <propmale>
hot as heck already!!  ugh   
found a lot of really old pics from forever ago     seems like a whole world ago!  if i have time i'm going to scan them in and post them      highschool classmates beware     lol   no worries nothing too bad though 
     can't get this design to look right      i think i may rip out my hair   there's just no way to fit everything into it without it looking    well basically just really bad  
"is worried about my cat, <propfemale>, she won't drink water now since her digestive troubles   i work all day tomorrow but i can't get her to the vet till friday afternoon anyway   she's acting dizzy now to, so i'm starting to get really worried   i'm hoping the kaopectate helps her   i'm trying to play with her with ice cubes and running water so maybe she'll drink   but nothing  sad "
"i would love to call in    but i'm not sick and i wouldn't do that, however i would still like to   *blah*"
learned that smiling suppresses the gag reflex    and some people wonder why i smile so much around them   
"*sneeze, sneeze    sneeze, sneeze, sneeze   * ughhhhhhh i'm about to utility stable my nose shut    if not that at least my foot so something else has the focus of my brain    sad "
"i wish the vet would figure out what's wrong with <propfemale>, i'm out of money and i can't take the pooping!  nothing like waking up at 4 smile 0 in the morning to a howling, screaming cat covered in poo before i go to work   disgusting yet i know she can't help it   so she's in the pet taxi probably wondering why she deserves to be in there, but if she's left unmonitored she will poop everywhere   yahoo answers, useless to  sad "
wish i had a redbull    i drank coffee instead but it's not the same   saving money sucks  playful 
"attention sears associates:  jeans with a red, white, and or blue shirt is an option for those working on labor day (per <propfemale>)"
"ok, around 3 surprise 4 i was on broadway on my way home from work about to pass the turnoff for n i-64     i'm almost positive i seen a light pole tip over and fall straight down on or by the interstate   all the cars on broadway slowed down i guess to look to see what happened like me and i didn't see any traffic pass through under the bridge <propfemale>    "
"i'm so sick of smelling goof off!!!!  my lungs hurt, my voice is hoarse and i'm lacking more braincells on a daily basis!  that can't be healthy to use so often    and i didn't use it today near as much as autumn did, autumn i hope you made it home safely and watch out for falling light poles! lol"
brother's week   if you have a brother who has made you laugh   stuck up for you  drove you crazy  hugged you  watched you succeed  saw you fall  picked you back up  cheered you on  made you strong  can't do without   copy and paste this to your status  i ? my brother!  by the way happy early birthday to my brother <propfirst> (this saturday the 11th)
"i don't give a crap about being politically correct   if it comes into my head, chances are its coming out of my mouth too  "
"going to el hannora concert with <propfirst> and <propfirst>, go see them at tavern on tenth at 8!"
had a great nigght!  much needed!  seen some old friends <propfirst> and <propfirst> (he's kinda new though) and <propfemale>!  jeeze woman it's about time i ran into you!  seen my beautiful goddaughter harlow!  laugh  watched el hannora play an awesome show at tavern on tenth   had sesame chicken at <propfirst>'s which was fantabulous and acted like a complete idiot dancing (closest word to my lame motions) to a remix of the beegees! lol!
"road four wheelers with <propfirst> and dad and did a little fishing   it was fun, i'm normally not an open vehicle kind of person because i'm a big chicken, but it was fun   thank you <propfirst> for letting us borrow yours, if i were my brother i wouldn't let me borrow it   everything mechanical i touch breaks down to where it's unfixable, i just have that kind of effect on things   but that's also why i didn't drive  "
"i have had one of those days to where each project i start is so productive, but then *blam* something stops me dead in my tracks    then i find away around the obstacle    *blam*      yeah, about half of my projects were finished, the other half are going to half to wait until my brain's electrical makeup is firing right again    i wonder if <propfemale> is paying me back for my big, loud mouth sometimes     playful "
"sooo tired, the passed couple days are catching up to me     i have a feeling after work, that i may just collapse   until then i'm going to have to tough it out   "
"the new hawaii five-o wasn't too bad, i think i like it "
"??? being in love isn't easy, it's full of heartbreak and happiness, joy and loss   when you decide to remain together after everything and still find happiness in each other, you've found true love   happy 9 year \dating\"" anniversary <propfirst> <propfirst>! i love you! ???"""
"is temporarily re-energized from a nap   today was craziness    autumn, i apologize for any childish behavior that may have ensued during my mental breakdown attempting to reset sockets    it was quite exhausting   you and i both know that if you don't act out your frustrations through ignorant spurts of jokes a person could lose their mind! haha  goodluck tomorrow!"
"i suck so horribly bad a modern warfare 2     <propfirst> and i were laughing my whole play through   <propfirst>:  \to your right!\""  me: \""ahh!\"" then i would try and melee but get meleed by them     then i would hide for a long time \""camping\"" but as soon as i would become unhidden someone would shoot me   """
"thinks for some things there are no words, only shoulders to <propfemale> on, hands to hold, and hugs for comfort "
is very sick    body aches and chest pain make me forget all about the runny nose and sinus headache    
"i've watched 30 seconds of \raising hope\"" and i already like it """
well hello motivation      hope you'll be staying awhile longer than normal lately   i've got catching up to do!
"it's super cold out    and super early     for anything, most especially work   at least i get to work with miss autumn pittman today!  yay!  smile   see ya soon <propmale>! mag-ma! lol"
too many problems and no productivity put me in a bad mood    i dare another one to arise!  i will evil eye it into nonexistance! > annoyed 
"is super duper excited to eat the <propfirst> adams steampot at <propfirst>'s crab shack with <propfirst>l!  hope it doesn't take long, i'm hungry!   smile "
fishing with <propfirst> and dad and we are looking at a muskrat   i thought it was a mini beaver but it has a rat tail and swims!  weird    too bad my phone takes crappie pictures    sad 
i hate today and i don't want to be here    why does this day suck so bad   i may need counseling at this point because i'm about to flip out on the amount of stupidity i've dealt with so far!  not that i'm a genius   ugh nevermind someone just kidnap me! *wink* autumn haha
owwwwy    i wake up at 5 smile 0 in the morning when i don't need to in writhing pain because my whole bottom left jaw is swollen at my gums and teeth  so hell has already transitioned itself for my tuesday as well   whoever has the voodoo doll can stop now!
!@#$%^&*!  right when i think my toothache and gum pain may completely go away (and at maybe a 2-3 on pain measurement)  i brush my teeth and bump into that spot causing a wave of blood and some sort of nerve to wake up!!!  now it's more of a 6-8 on pain measurement!!!      ugh!!
fake (+)(+) perfect (o)(o) perky ( wink ( wink  cold (^)(^) and even grandma's\\  \\   big( o )( o ) or small ( )( ) save them all! repost for breast cancer awareness!!
ugh    it's still dark outside  
"i really wish it would storm   no wind damage or chaos though, just thunder and lightening   "
"is mentally preparing myself for working the next couple of days and dealing with a packed schedule, so i can enjoy a nice birthday weekend with <propfirst> <propfirst>    smile   for now   it's work and maintaining the mindset that as long as you work hard you will eventually earn what you deserve    not looking forward to being proven wrong though   "
brrrrrr   it's cold this morning!  it's fuzzy sock weather!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!   smile   happy halloween!
"thinks it was a beautiful day today!  <propfirst> and i got a lot of stuff done today to   it was one of those days that i just appreciate everything and everyone around me, however, i wish i could say i think that way more often  it's easy to just fly through each day, blinded by everyday occurrences and things to do and taking things for granite  ?"
"i think i'm gonna be sick    today's work day needs to e over, now!"
"just ate dinner at grandma's   happy i got to, i never seem to have a day off when she cooks anymore   now it's time to help mom with readjusting the house for thanksgiving!  i may try to cook something this year    i'll just have to practice first!  i was not gifted with the talent of cooking unfortunately "
the last 2-3 days have been very productive for me with my house and work duties   i hope tomorrow carries on in the same way at my other work   as long as i don't run into anyone rude or stupid i believe that could very well be possible!    as long as i just smile and nod    haha
"i'm appalled that bristol and <propfirst> made it before <propfemale> and <propmale>      bristol has improved and all but <propfemale> did such an awesome job lastnight!  there was no comparison    i would almost not watch the remainder of this season because of that    <propfemale> and <propmale> are still my favorites though, hope they win!  smile  (dancing with the stars)"
"i am not in the mood for being awake right now     let alone work again   what a fun weekend     not!!  can't wait for next weekend       not!         haha, i blame my \highschoolish\"" wording to lack of sleep with a touch of eyeball headache   """
"don't underestimate the healing powers of humor   it relieves stress and negative feelings, and is proven to be beneficial to our mental health therefore effecting our physical health   so laugh about something, don't take things so seriously, and forget what anyone else thinks about it!  it's a necessity and without it life is only black and white  "
fml  sad 
"happy thanksgiving everyone!  other than great family, friends and fiancee', i am thankful for surviving work tonight! i walked out the doors with only a headache and sensitive teeth from grinding them all night in pure anger   but i'm okay and i'm still employed   also happy 1st birthday to my goddaughter harlow <propfemale> <propmale>! she a turkey day baby  smile "
"first snow of the year!  probably not gonna stick, but pretty   drive safe everyone!"
let's see if today may have a speck of possibility that my shift will feel like an actual productive work shift instead a 9 hour sneak preview of hell and i'm the special guest    *fingers crossed*
"\the most wasted of all days is one without laughter \""  - e e  cummings"""
"super!  i go to bed with a slight scratchy throat and i wake up sick    sad  i think this is a prime example of how quickly stress can weaken your ammune system   at least it's not fully kicked in, maybe i can survive work first "
"you know i try and eat something reasonable around 6-ish to stifle my appetite until the next morning but i still wind up hungry around 10 surprise 0-10 smile 0    i've gotten rid of one bad habit (cigs) and full evolved this eating passed 7 surprise 0 one    i'm utterly starving, i may make a cheeseburger    or fish sticks, whatever is available   super healthy, right? lol"
"putting up the christmas tree, cooking with mom and hanging lights with dad have made me forget i'm under the weather, oh and i can't forget <propfirst>'s funny (don't get near me your sick) text messages   smile   this week is turning out far better than last week, sick or not!  (thank goodness)"
  funny how fake the work world is   back-stabbing should be listed as a skill   that's the only extent of talent i see   does wonders for my motivation!
"??? looking forward to dedicating a night to lots of food, little wine, maybe some black opps, and <propfirst> <propfirst> and i (and our puppies) staying in out of the cold!  oh and who can forget the fuzzy slippers!  now if i could talk him into painting my toenails       smile  haha ???"
work  playful 
my mom makes the best homemade hot chocolate ?
   hmm    cancelled work (due to road conditions)?  i didn't know that existed!  that's like a fairytale where people you work for care about your safety as if your weren't indisposable!   playful 
having an awesome evening shopping and eating at red lobster with <propfirst>  smile 
"it's when you slow things down that you can get a grasp on everything and everyone in your life you appreciate and care about   i may not have every little thing that i want, but i definitely have everything i need!  i think living honestly, working hard, and shutting my opinionated mouth for a bit pays off!  smile "
now why on earth would i try to take a nap thinking i wouldn't be woken up repeatedly the second i lay down   it's just not fair   i need a christmas miracle nap!
"taking advantage of my giftcards & after-christmas sales online to satisfy my dress phase!  smile  ? which i'm thrilled to say is just icing on the cake after this christmas  i didn't know what i wanted, but at the same time i got everything i wanted, to add to the everything i've ever needed! lol  that's including awesome food, fun times and being surrounded by loved ones   i can't complain   even if it's just this once!"
"my favorite movie is on     \the big lebowski \""  <propmale> bridges plays a hilarious bum!   smile """
seriously   i don't understand how some people still have their job  
"daydreaming of camping weather    i like our areas changing seasons but i'm more of a warm weather person!  oh well, it will make me truly appreciate the nice weather when it comes around "
"<propfirst> and i are about to enjoy some ribs from bww, but without the crowd   i love carryout   smile "
not feeling so great  
           my tolerance is being tried right now    i'm beginning to wonder why i'm still hanging around that stupid place only to realize everyday how it operates like a boat driving through boulders    i'm sickened    how can anyone flourish when failure starts from the top?
"i'm stunned! some news has been brought to my attention by <propfemale> kubiak 's last status, that was brought to her attention by drake hall    the astrological signs have changed!"
"i never can seem to get moving as fast in the cold   i'm almost positive at one point i may have been a cold blooded animal   and from the rate of my movement today, i would guess a turtle  "
"enjoyed some grilled salmon at lonestar with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale> and heard some blues at woodlawn bar   now for some black opps until bedtime for work   great night with <propfirst>, my brother, and sister-in-law "
          playful 
"     i accidently spilled like half a bottle of cough syrup on my cat, <propfemale>     i can't believe how i managed to do that!  then i had to run her to the bathroom for a bath before she tried to clean herself and consume it    she may hate me now   i can only wonder what she's thinking about the situation   "
  super   i'm sick for the second time this winter   i've got so much to this week to    sad 
"busy day    i'm ready to slow down a bit   i've juggled errands, work, and <propfirst> all day today   i think i'm starting to see <propfirst> and keyboard keys when i shut my eyes!  i have to say i'd rather have it this way though, even if i do get a bit stressed   it's gotta pay off sometime!"
no good thing comes without hard work and <propfemale>  ?
"ugh    icy, cold rain   not only uncomfortable but dangerous   i almost busted my butt on the shop steps, and when i was trying to unhook the hose so it wouldn't freeze up, i almost slid my face into the water spicket because of my stupid non-gripped boots   lots-o-fun    haha   everyone be careful and avoid driving!"
"women are angels    and when someone breaks our wings, we simply continue to fly    on a broomstick  we are flexible like that! keep posting this girls   "
"   sooooo sleepy    but still have work to do     i'm grateful and exhausted all in one   <propfirst>, you have it way worse so hugs to you and your ongoing (starting on a 3 day) non-stop working marathon   teamwork is a must, don't know what i'd do without you!  get some sleep! ?"
"   i hate when i'm going full forth, full steam ahead getting stuff done, and bam! something stops me dead in my tracks and a disastrous domino effect sinks it's way into everything i'm working on     i've learned to always assume everything will be difficult and then it's not as stressful to overcome as something you think will be a \piece of cake\""   lesson learned    again!  lol"""
just finished the taxes!
"today seems to be looking up!  *fingers crossed* hope i'm right  smile   it's been a constantly busy week, i could use some positive occurrences in my life for at least the next couple days   at least i can depend on <propfirst> to make me laugh and shed some stress  ???"
i just scored 72121 in mega jump!!! beat that! http annoyed  getsetgames com megajump
super duper     i think i may have overdid it on the treadmill       i'm pretty sure i've really hurt my back      *fingers crossed* a good night's sleep will make it go away  healthy eating leaves me still hungry and exercise leaves me in pain   lol
"it is an amazingly nice day out!!!  <propfirst> and i only had a little time to play with our pups outside today, but that's alright   the good thing about working for myself in a shop is that i can open the garage and see daylight    i'm not as fortunate tonight though, my other work doesn't have a place to just work and stare out into the day  playful "
i'm sad that i just ruined one of my jackets   there is ink all over my sleeves and front pocket  sad 
i woke up this morning with horrible middle-upper back pain that radiates into my right shoulder and up my neck   it's almost 6 o'clock and it has gotten worse   ughhhhh     sad 
"if i have curves, i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i like to get dressed up, i'ma hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm being ugly  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything these days without being labeled  so what! go ahead and label me, see if i give a flip!    if you're proud of the woman you are, repost"
can't wait till this day is over 
feeling unrested after plenty of sleep and my back still hurting is getting to me   
super!  i just tried to open my dresser (jam packed with clothes) and a shard sliver of very thin wood inserted itself right underneath my fingernail and gushed blood everywhere   it was almost as unpleasant as when i was a salesperson  
"not that i want severe weather or anything, but i have to admit a nice low rumbly thunderstorm makes me sleep like a baby   it's very calming and i could use a nights sleep like that    oh and as i type a severe thunderstorm warning for <propmale> county    that's not exactly what i had in mind  "
today is not cooperating   at all   i do know a certain pressure washer that is about to meet it's horrible demise if it doesn't give in and work right    and a screenwash sink that better become unclogged   right this instant!!!!!! grrrr      } indecision  i believe i had about enough for today!!!
"     i'm mentally preparing for a dreadful day tomorrow    but there's also tonight to get through to   i may need some chocolate therapy to keep my wits  smile  i better start on that now, haha "
"ok yeah this is too early      redbull, here i come "
"just watched \127 hours\"" with <propfirst> franco about the guy who got stuck in a canyon with his hand pinned by a rock and he saws it off    true story and not a bad movie """
"wow!  \the next three days\"" is probably one of the best newer movies i have watched in a long time!  * * * * * five stars"""
ugh    did not sleep well   i feel like crap  sad 
and we are off!!  better late than never!  smile 
"passing through atlanta, <propfemale> "
"enjoying our first night in florida!  not to the keys yet but we've enjoyed some pizza, games with <propfemale>, and the pool   if i may say so myself, it's been a hard earned relief from everything   i do already miss mom's cooking  smile  "
i think i may find out what being sea sick feels like riding on the yankee freedom on our way to the dry tortugas    annoyed 
"on our way back from the beach at fort <propmale> <propfirst>   great day!  we ran into one of those older men than was super tan and got that way bc he wears a thong banana hammock     whatever floats his boat, but it may have sank everyone elses     playful "
homeward bound!
the anxious wait kept me entertained on my way to florida but this drive back    ugh   just want to get home 
i'm so grateful for everything right now   i've had a wonderful vacation with <propfirst>   i came back in the cleaning organizing mode and i feel clear-minded   to add to that it's been beautiful outside since i've got back and i cooked out with mom and dad today   it looks like things are starting to stack up into crazy mode again though   *deep breath* but i'm ready!  smile 
"oh cupcakes, donuts, and all the other bad stuff i consume, please stay away    i don't like not fitting into my clothes, it saddens me  even my big clothes are snug  sad   sad   sad  my diet needs disciplinary action, right away!"
really? snow? ugh    
snowing thunderstorm?  hmmmm   weird weather 
yuck       not feeling great this morning 
super    internet at home stopped working    that shortens my list down a bit tonight 
    i'm on a roll with those great mornings   i'm struggling to not be late for work now  
"       so tired        if i could, i'd pay to sleep in till eight tomorrow    but then i'd mess up the rest of my day    playful "
   i order red shirts    and i get black      some stuff is just beyond my control   these little things are about to make me keep a stash of paper bags in my purse to make sure i don't hyperventilate!
"improvise, adapt, & overcome "
"oh i feel terrible    i feel like i need 3 more hours of sleep   i shouldn't have drank that stupid soda so late, i didn't sleep well "
this little trend with not sleeping well and work    it has to go!
"sometimes i feel like i'm running in place   just trying to get somewhere, but you don't get a reward for good intentions, it's the execution of them   even then it's not a guarantee  "
"all i ask of my daily routine (work) is to receive the same effort that i give out   meaning my equipment, vendors, and me (the operator) function within normal e playful ectations without so many obstacles    thanks - \the management\""  smile """
"getting ready to relax with <propfirst> for the night before my busy weekend comes crashing back into reality!  i'm thinking wine, popcorn, chocolate and a good movie   perfect  smile "
i really hope this red bull surges on until this afternoon    so i can chug another to get through the afternoon   ha!    booooooooooooooo  
"please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone, then do still copy this  it's important to spread the message even if no one knows anything about anyone  oh, and the hearts  ? ? ? for the love of god, do not forget the hearts  ? ? ?"
"fake people and people with a underlying incentive bother me   i don't trust anyone who's rude enough to dribble their b s  all over me and think for a second i'm dumb enough to believe it   i'm chipper and happy because i want to be   not stupid   oh also with my extreme chipperness    well you don't want to see the opposite, it's extreme as well "
and my power keeps going out    it's surging back and forth which is not good  
"dad and i just rescued <propfirst> from work since his headlights went out   sesser 148 is covered in trees, railroad crossings blocked, and just realized that the gaslights was on "
"has a \super duper freaking fabulously craptastic\""    headache    and an unfinished list that needs to be finished  """
    not in the mood for work obstacles    my life story 
"doesn't understand why things are so difficult   sometimes some choices in life delay others that seem like everyday life for most people   wherever i am in life, i'll be happy as long as it's with <propfirst>   smile    yes, a mushy post  "
    yay for today    not 
"getting zoey fixed on friday i support the spaying and neutering of animals 100% but <propmale> barker failed to mention how damn e playful ensive it is!  all and all, it has to be done, sorry zoeybutt, <propfemale> had to do it!"
zoeyless for the night     sad 
"   yeah, about work   not feeling it "
      so tired     i don't wanna get up!
"just had a 30 minute nap   i feel like a new person and i've gotten some stuff done that i had been wanting to finish   if only a nap was the answer to everything, lol   hooray for energy "
i barely escaped the slowest train i've ever seen (in my rearview)   i'm hoping that today will follow that same theme   sucess! lol
"   trying to shake this migraine   it doesn't help that i have to look at the computer to get my stuff done for the night   unless my tylenol kicks in, the rest may have to wait until i can look at the light without wanting to get sick  "
"has had a very productive day!  a lot of stuff to do the next couple of weeks, so i better whittle down a bit of it before ups brings me a rather large gift of stuff to do thursday and more next week   <propfirst> <propfirst>, you better be prepared to!   smile "
oh my   i'm going to need to get off itunes before i owe them my first born child!  lunch break is officially over for me! lol
happy mother's day to all the moms!!!  it's a beautiful day out for all of you!  smile 
\carpe diem! rejoice while you are alive;\,bc160ff40a2f9ac000bc1e9f35b4659f,"sat on the back porch with a <propfirst> and coke, had a <propmale> patel maduro   c'est si bon "
