589ae4d398bcf88a49eb2eb45a7f9657
"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for\darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have ost 9 marines in 4 days  please re- post this """
"when filling out your christmas cards this year, take one card and send it to this address: a recovering american soldier, c o <propfirst> <propmale> armymedica l center, 6900 <propfemale> avenue, nw washington, dc 20307-5001  if we pass this on and everyone sends one card, think of how many cards   th ese soldiers could get to bring up t      heir spirits ? please repos"
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% who do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer  please put this as your status for one hour  if you or someone you know has or had cancer    my prayer is that in 2011    a cure will be found  will you post it just for one hour?"
"every christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought  well this is what i want  i want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured  i want children with no families to be adopted  i want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat  now, lets see how many people actually care and bother to re-post this  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re-posts "
"hoping everyone has a happy new year, play it safe please do not drink and drive it is not worth it  this new year i am just wanting to be a better person "
man! chicken and brown rice sure does take a long time to bake 
"i am not superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy     will be without money  what the heck- it can't hurt! good luck!"
does anyone know a good psychologist i am really in need i cannot live my life because i am gripped by constant fear 
"rest in peace <propmale> hornsby, you will be missed by so many you gave a good fight i know youre in heaven where you belong "
sending this from my new phone 
"????????????=??? ????? ???????????????\* if you have an amazing daughter put this as your status *\???????????=???? ????? ???????????????\<propfemale> i could not ask for a better daughter i love you like the plants love the rain "
"watching \teen mom 2\"" on mtv com  join me in chat: http annoyed  soc li 4qnoy9z"""
i am loving these polka dotted sheep on farmville they are really cool 
"we kiwi girls have fire and ice in our blood    we can handle floods, earthquakes, droughts and bush fires, handle the cold, beat the heat, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook and drink with the boys! we are born tough, we can cook a wicked feed and if we have an opinion   you can bet your ass you're gonna hear it! post this if you're a proud kiwi girl   "
help end homelessness by re-posting this as your status: travel channel is donating $ 10 to fight homelessness for everyone who tunes into the new bizarre foods episode this tuesday at 9 e p  (up to $100k!!) please spread the word!
