4f63802161d8edd39245f1eb6a1057a4
helllllo 4 hours of sleep 
"the jammy shuffle, the jammy shuffle everyone do the jammy shuffle!"
anyone know the sqr3s needed for bio?
anyone know the sqr3s for bio?
wishes i could drive
sunburnt her cheeks  smile 
ah  who needs them?
scrumptious brownies
he deleted me off his myspace  ha
lets get chased by people in jabberwocky masks! sooo scary
gonna burn like a baby
today is a day which i want to run away and forget everything   just for fun
wants to be tannnnnn
movie with <propfemale> and <propfemale> hahah
at the familyyyyyys
you can sleep when youre dead
caffeine is the instant fix
loves the exhaustion and sun burn cheer camp gives you
cheer camp! go cheer! yeah!
has some friggin funky tan lines
"stressed, tired, sunburnt  nothing works out"
cheer weekend is over and im exhaust : )
so tiredddd
has krystalll over!
feels awkwardly sick
ready for a great day : )
so does this look like a sad face?
spending the weekend with sayleee and the day with <propfirst> ; )
"big big day coming up, so i must sleep"
still waiting on that phone
such a random little night  love the betts wolcott play dates gossip nights    guess we can coach tomorrow
10 more minutes at workkk
<propfemale>! you look like me     like a slut?  mwhahaha
wants to keep sleeping
"is ready for the day! work, cheer and wolf pack coaching!"
wolf packkkk!
o taco <propfemale>!
so much time!
internet shopping is not satisying
my online assignments dont post til noon? argh  im confused
"ahhhh, stress stress stress"
yakima was fun  school tomorrow! i love pierce
realizes  why do online homework?
shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shs
almost done with my homework due at midnight  muchhh better than last week
smile  smile 
what are you drinking?
procrastination is an <propmale>
had a great time being a twin!
asl is my only class on friday  oh what to do to kill time?
loves desperate housewives
<propfemale> will seek potatoes  do what? seek potatoes  check your t9
standing up in the library
quarter is over so sooooon! im excited  smile 
so happy i dont go to high school  smile 
"7 hours to make a research essay and journals  can i do it, yes   do i want to, no "
reseach essay procrastination
i beat my online english class deadline with 40 minutes to spare
"research essay in the lab, how fun  time for me to call it quits and go home to eat lunch with my tay-baby"
cheeeeeeeeeeeer
"theology for 5 year olds, <propfemale> is so funny"
got paid
procrastination at it's finest
waste of a day completely
really freaking wants taco <propfemale>
the twitch in my arm is back
"final final tomorrow @ noon  now, watching my tivo'd shows in a comfy value village sweater  smile "
freeedom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hi its lets creep on <propfemale> day!!
friday babysitting my sisters 
"so much fun today at the community dinner    \your the same!!\"""""
would love to do something tonight
hypocrite
nice day  smile 
fell at least 5 times in an hour  imma nerd  smile 
"so much to say,so little care"
cheeeer tonight! yeah girls bball!
goal  be awake by 9 tomorrow
fun cheer breakfast!
creeeeping
cheeeeering
my gingerbread stonehenge was recognizable!!!!!!!!
when 4 girls all know asl
peppermint mocha creamer is now being made year round  i will officially never stop drinking coffee  smile ))
"e special, the <propmale> brothers!!!"
is it christmas? no    is it christmas (gasp) yes!
we live on front porches and swing life away
such a fun day!
"a fun girls night, coffee with some more girls,some shopping with my mom, reannie's house( happy birthday girlll)   i love winter break  smile )"
"yeah, chill night with sayle at trevors!"
4 allergy pills make me woozy 
i lalaloveeeee <propfemale> grosse
avoiding the 15 poems i must read and analyze  tomorrow should bring about 15 more  yeah literature
"so as im sitting on facebook playing happy aquarium, i look over to see the guy who took me to school cuz he was taking estevan also addictedly playing happy aquarium  i am validified "
met walmart boy today!
needs sleeeep
"the morning im late, class in cancelled  there is some justice in the world"
english class cancelled today as well  that makes 2 3
magenta!
about getting 77 on my deca test and ranked 5th in test(which we suck at) with <propfirst> for deca area on tuesday! soooo excited for the deca season to commence  smile 
that referee beared a striking resemblence to barack obama!
nice day planned out! just have to finish my choressss
choreography time! lets see how this goes  smile 
foooood
coffee?  yes please
"its like the middle of june, i mean july, i mean january"
last class of the day starts in 4 minutes   oh so happy
went on a run for the first time in foreverrr  feels good
caught my sister playing happy aquarium! that made me smile  smile 
deca day!!
headache and frustrated 
fully forgot my cell at home
why is facebook acting like a pirate? hahah made my day
nothing to eat  work for 2 more hours  sucks 
"first date, so fun  smile "
i hate life
snl makes me happy
homework  the lamest way to spend a day
"speaking ke$ha lyrics out loud, slowly, in an almost british accent "
"just ran in the dark  admittedly, not the brightest idea"
killlingggg time at workkkkkkkk
somedays just never end 
"happy aquarium currently \getting care\"" <propfemale> currently \""freaking out\"""""
work soooooooon
boredddddddddd
"<propfemale> wolcott and i had a great time being idiots last night, but now im exhausted"
awkward half awake morning conversations at pierce brought to you by <propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale> bremner  smile  haha
if you threw a potato at <propfirst> bush i would disown you as a sister
"fridayyyy  one more class, a lab, then sleeep to get ready for my night~"
extra caffeine! <propfemale>!
<propfirst> landes will never stop creeping me out  smile 
happy aquarium! what are you doing??
wow! thats a good price!
see one would think that i would be doing something at work
is actually jealous of non-running start shs students for the first time all year  miserably sick with a group presentation and lab tomorrow when all i want to do is sleep away my aches and pains
"dear little men with jackhammers in my skull, please knock it off "
i build things up in my mind  today was easy even with me being sick and im out of class early  smile 
welllll no plans  annoyed  sit at home and mope time? i think yes
"sami houghton, <propfirst> petrovich and estevan camarena make me happy! haha"
why are <propfemale> wolcott and i such amazing singers? our renditions of imogen heap are legendary
no moping  smile 
life is better with <propfirst> petrovich and the capability of tagging people in posts 
coffee soothes my soul
things pan out
research essay due tomorrow  hmm 
this is a joke  who can write a paper about such retarded things 
needs to chill out and sleep for a few hours before attacking my essay  so much on my brain its hard to chill
"well, whos skipping class because she didn't write her paper in time  smile "
myspace is for babies
estevan camarena '' i've only dated one boy'' quote of the day right thurr
rip <propfirst> landes  dragons must have eatten you
like 10 more minutes then my brain is shutting down
cheeeeer day!
"left game early, head about to e playful lode"
wow! i love finding old friends on facebook!!
i walk between the c and l building some days every hour from 8 to 2
"thanks, im stuck at the school without a ride and you could care less  awesome"
rachel:the most edible female name    thank you urbandictionary
wants to dye her hair something different
formspring me blaaaaablonde   do it hahahaha
mmmm chocolate milk shakes and green tea via <propmale>
forza was rad!
its alllllllll good  smile 
"when you look me in the eyes   aahahah cheesy <propfirst> bro lyrics, coffee and rearranging the room  sweet, yes?"
spring cleaning 
playing hairdresser  smile 
who watches the superbowl? im at <propfemale> <propfemale> liebhauser's house with my sister <propfemale> wolcott watching music videos   much more entertaining
is so fetch 
"ttfn fail week, <propfirst> <propfemale>, you should enjoy that  smile "
"there has to be an easy way to make a cd cover, because for the technologically impaired ( me ) its wayyy too hard "
is a blank disc too much to ask for?
new legistlature makes my life  smile  no senior project any hs grad requirement just an aa and giving up walking with sumner 
dear sayle namy and sami houghton the song girlfriend still makes me smile  smile 
nothing like getting ready for school early and having estevan camarena downstairs eating toast 
frustrated i cant drive  annoyed 
"nice night, i cant complain : )"
my armpits itch 
sometimes i legitimatley wonder what in the heck this world is coming too!
flipping hates being left out  awesome 
"fun movie and shopping with my girlies, but now what?"
i just became a fan of <propfirst> landes  what more could i ask for in life?
just woke up  mmmm  smile 
i want to know what and why i was doing what i was doing in the photo <propfemale> mortell tagged me in!
coffee date with <propfemale>!
"i am a fan of 1,542 things   that is a weird habit "
"sweeeet day! have some fun plans for tomorrow, but til then, sleep and maybe some educational children programs"
i really love not having school
grrrr  i hate waiting
wants to kick herself in the face
"its a good thing that  <propfirst> <propfemale> is up at 2 am, otherwise i would have no one to talk to when i wake up from a scary dream"
midday caffeine crash
"as much as a i love <propfemale> madden, exchanging mock vows was just too much for me to handle"
deleted my myspace : )
left my cell phone at home  how obnoxious
yeah! for caffeine  smile 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
got an appointment to replace my missing retainer    need to fix up this gappy thing!
"i need to watch asl copy sign, maybe start a rough draft, and study for biology test on friday  why have i been sitting pointlessly on facebook for hours?"
"absolutely loves sudden \epiphanies\"""""
"and i think to myself, what a wonderful world : )"
"not going to lie, not being able to drive is probably the most stressful,annoying,retarded thing ever"
today was a fabulous day : )
when did i become a night owl?
"fully bsed a copy sign in asl, pretty proud of myself : )"
"such a good day! school was so chill, the sun is out, i surprised <propfirst> landes , cheered at a bomb basketball game, el charro with <propfemale> thomsen and <propfemale> klemme, now dear <propfirst> with <propmale>! hopefully i can stay awake the whole time!"
dear <propfirst>    not impressed 
ebay bidding for a new ipod finally : )
with the use of asl pro and some weird youtube video i can almost fluently sign 2 secondhand seranade songs  i would like to say i am proud of what i accomplished on a saturday
desperately needs to get out
"my walk to the park ended with a cute outfit, chicken nuggets via <propmale>, jellybeans at the park and some fun conversations : )"
"that's weird, your 4 piece chicken nuggets only has 3, mine has 5 "
<propfemale>'s pants made my night! haha
8 am asl class     nah 
"<propfemale> joy is my favorite sister    of the morning  smile   and she read that out loud as i typed it, precious!"
"needs her license asap, getting sick and tired of being so dependent on people"
stop ta-ta-talking that blah blah blah
"figuring out my classes for next quarter, now that i know that i want to be a speech therapist, its much easier figuring out what to take!"
"15 more minutes then i'm dipping for cheer practice! then homework,homework, homework "
"sometime this weekend i feel a \car venting session\"" is in order : )"""
"asl 3, english 107, and psych 100  my schedule will be so much better than this quarter : )"
"ahhh, i think this should be my final schedule, asl 3, public speaking and psych 100 "
why am i so excited for my new retainer tomorrow? hahaha
"nice run today, finally done with my homework, sleeeeeeeeep time"
we would just walk out of asl
"awkwardly, accidentally playing footsies with someone across the way from me in the comp lab!"
"work is empty, ortho at 2, then i have to run back to pierce because i did the \system\"" backwards  smile """
back to pierce for a signature! the amount of hoops running start makes you jump is intense sometimes
enjoys having her phone calls being ignored    not!
what would i do without coffee?
needs to learn how to say no grrr
i'm <propfemale>  on rachels facebook  whoa 
oh estevan   always making me late to asl
inspired to start my bio project due in 2 weeks!
chores then bbc timeeee  smile 
neeeds coffffeeee
"done wasting my time, nothing is worth this much trouble ever "
who runs auburn???
dennys with some friends was a nice way to end a dreary day 
party in the usa   one of my all time favorite songs 
"what google offers me makes me laugh, aka the word misanthrope"
could <propfemale> <propfirst> be any better at describing how i feel? haha  it was a nice monday  smile 
"even though i don't watch the bachelor i am extremely excited to see miss slater's reaction to what happened last night, because she is a die hard fan with charts and graphic organizers  sad, thats what i'm looking forward too today!"
receptive translations are always a fun way to spend my time at work 
"\i just wanna live my life like it's the 90's like its a tv show  there could be problems but we would solve them on next weeks episode\"" - the secret handshake  smile """
dishes then runnnn  smile 
"so freaking hungry! work at 1, then eating and organizing and packing  smile "
my excitement about deca state is growing by the hour!
i guess it's half timing and the other half luck  smile 
all princes start as frogs all gentleman as dogs just wait till it's plain to see what we're growing up to be   cuz some frogs will still be frogs some dogs will still be dogs but some boys can become men just don't kiss us till then      smile 
school 8-11 then deca in bellevue! whoo hoo lets go deca thugs  smile 
im in asl   hmmm
such a nice deca trip with my fabulous roommates! now working it out so i can stay home this weekend
how long until i go wake up <propfemale> and <propfirst>   
"grabbing some much needed coffee! then alllll the stuff i have been avoiding, chores, laundry, homework  "
the purple is back in my hair! yeah  smile 
"so much free time today, classes cancelled, no work, no cheer   "
"pulling together my spring break plans  smile  one more week of quarter, finals, then break!"
"well my biology project that i have had all quarter to work on, am not done with and volunteered myself to present tomorrow should be completed and awesome sometime tonight   "
green tea in the morning  smile 
"sami houghton, i am signing our story of clothing a statue to my class    with a few embellishments  smile "
going to bed early! estevan camarena should do the same so we can get to our 8 oclock class on time for the first time in 10 weeks  smile 
mornings that i wake up and put zero effort into everything that i do are the best
"half an hour at work, getting some green tea then working late tonight! i loveeee running start  smile "
run in the rain   now work til 11 30!
"working late night \cram\"" session at pierce!"""
i need to lay off the late night caffeine  today was surprisingly really good  smile 
next quarter my goal will be to not miss any asl  
really   still waiting for a ride 
"<propfirst> <propfemale>, cleaning, then working out with <propfirst>!"
"thank you texts from last night! \went to the career fair today  i handed out many resumes to find out later that they say i have a bachelor o farts degree   top that \"""""
"friendship is conditional    had a butt kciking workout to get the allergy inducing red <propfirst> out of my system, now out and about with estevan to round out a really random day!"
seriously    i never get to sleep in
my 2 littlest sisters got on my fb and played pet society while i was away this morning   
i am so amazed with the people in toddlers and tiaras and hoarders 
hot tubbing with sayle is just what the doctor ordered  smile 
needs coffee 
just skyped with <propfemale> <propmale>! hahah
time to do my english final final paper  dang it
"some boys have absolutely no clue! hahaha, i love being able to laugh at them  smile "
when registration goes wrong   all i can hope is the teachers let me add drop because that meeting was enough to make me almost cry!
ok   i am in one class   now im going to beg and plead for my next one from my english teacher this quarter and absolutely cross my fingers for psych  
"ahhh a nice day off tomorrow then my bio final thursday, until then, chillaxing  smile "
freaking sunburnt!! thats what i get for not tanning for everrr
just woke up  smile  i love community college hahaha
scratch the run   just realized how tired i am! hahah
ahhh coffee
fun shopping with <propfirst> landes! now movie time  smile 
a cup of crappy coffee to wake me up 
"we only got 86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or to throw it all away  smile "
new vans? i think so  smile 
tell tale signs of a nasty cold hitting me right now   ugh  
doctors appointment then cheer  so fun 
the doctor gave me shots in my arms  my arms are now swollen and hurt very badly  sad 
what is there to do when no one else is on spring break   
subway now cheer practice what an exciting spring break?!
"tanning, tahitians and tacos with sami houghton with a surprise visit from sayle namy and <propmale> picha( happy birthday by the way!!) makes for an awesome wednesday morning  smile "
taking my sisters to the park! enjoying the sun while its out  smile 
funnnn day! my tongue is still blue from the slurpee!
i'm pretty sure i have slept more this week than i have in the past 2 months combined 
"drinking a blue slurpee, cleaning up and getting ready to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> busick at the supermall!  smile "
my facebook creepiness just reached a whole new level awesome 
"sooo i thought i heard some awkward noise outside of my room, i open up the door to find my brother hanging from some contraption in his doorway doing pull ups to get ripped  i love my family "
i just ate a lot of chips
lovely saturday  smile 
mini movie night with my sissy!
superfood is boss
schooool tomorrow  gr  i have so much to do to get ready for the new quarter still
"the only thing that is on my mind, is who's going to run this town tonight?"
"\i'll save that for a rainy day\"" <propfemale> \"" so the next time its raining you are going to use it?\"" \""no   thats an e playful ression <propfemale>\"""""
torrential rain fall on first day of quarter fits all too well  
tea and movie time  huh   not falling in that trap again  smile 
cant wait to start working   too much time to kill these past 3 days!
work! fun fun 
brunette? i think so  smile 
driving up to my grandparents amd back today   should be interesting 
"driving to and from port townsend with a stop on a ferry ride and in seattle was a fun, ene playful ected way to spend friday with my mom and sisters  smile "
"the sun is up, the sky is blue, its beautiful and so are you  smile "
chilllllllling  its been a relaxed weekend 
"all of the sleep ive been getting has finally caught up to me, im not tired  weird "
"pickles, pineapple, and egg salad sandwiches for lunch  what a combo"
half price easter <propfemale> with <propfemale>!!
oh drama <propfemale> in my english class    i'm your biggest fan
"doctors appointments and waiting rooms, not fun!"
want to hear a joke? mazda 5  thank you <propfirst> woods and <propfirst>i houghton  smile 
fan-freaking-tastic day
has decided work on thursday isn't as fun as work monday-wednesday 
blue slurpee = success
"huh, cheer tryouts are next week, who knew? (ill give you a hint, i didn't)"
loves friends who sit around switching parking lots in downtown puyallup for hours on a thirsday night  smile 
its so so pretty outside!
new hurr! why i shouldnt be left alone for extended periods of time haha
sleepoverrrr!
"daffodil parades! its the start to a longggg day, come watch em!"
"3 parades down, 1 to go "
no band kids!!! singing spongebob squarepants at the top of your lungs is not good!!
woke up super late! oops  fun day out for <propfemale> wolcott's 14th birthday today  smile 
this is a boy beach who likes other boy beaches 
lol seriously 
it is most definately monday 
cheer meeting=superfluous
long week  work couldnt go by any slower today 
finishing my homework then waiting to watch my tivod glee episode    nice way to end a less then nice day 
tgi    w?
punching people and eating beef jerky= sami's solution to my problem   smile 
"my sisters are streaking around my house, how adorable"
needs to get past this week   
is pretty sure cheer tryouts just mock how out of shape i am 
"no classes and no work tomorrow, so happy  smile "
kinda want to fast forward like 22 hours 
just woke up  smile 
fuck highschool
new day and i still feel pretty freaking lame  saweeeet
"i want a latte, extra latte"
moving on and being happy  smile 
"ughhh  finally happy but in so much painnnnnn physically, dang it "
is extremely happy (especially on days like today) that i do running start
ignoring everyone  its not working so well 
sitting with bennnnn waiting to leave for sumner!
"babysitting with my friends,gossip girl, the river, fox hollow ( where i saw <propfirst>!!), shopping, dinner, and a movie  definately the type of day i needed  smile "
left at home for school  super cool
"tanning and chinese food, very nice  smile "
"this is no laughing matter, actually, it is  oh i love <propfemale> wolcott"
so excited to find out what the future has in store for me!  smile 
whats on the agenda for the next few days? fun!  smile 
"in the <propmale> home, my hair was my room"
<propmale> is working at walmart wearing my sumner cheer jacket from last year  i only know this because my sister saw him  weird!!
"license plate number \ 4skeein\"" anyone care to interpret this for <propfemale> and i?"""
pedicure time today? yes please  smile 
"i swear, this is <propfemale> vu "
"psh, so ready for a chill night and to get my mind off errything!"
who needs to sleep? not this girl!
lunch with <propmale> fulton and <propfemale> betts was a fun time  smile 
work=facebook 
nap time with <propfemale>
"take 2, this time i'm solo"
"they are going crazy in speedos, now they are shaving their legs and chests, now they are completely hairless jumping in a pool"
hannahs applesauce has a pulse
a 2 hour nap and some red bull is working wonders on my mood  smile 
there is a cloud inbetween my ears and my head 
you missed your <propfemale> opportunity   quite literally
sooo ready for the end of this week   so glad its tomorrow  smile 
driving to day 4 of cheer tryouts today    so much of that statement is way out of the norm from 2 weeks ago!!
"ahhh, such a good day  no school tomorrow  loveeee life : )"
3 day weekends!  smile 
"jamming some womanizer and getting icecream for the fam to calm my nerves!! ee, 40 more minutes"
rogers cheerleader!!!  smile 
burned some bomb cds and waiting to head out!
middle of the road right now!!  smile  yellow line
peppermint mocha time!
"was just asked out to a 9 year olds baseball game for our next date, oh <propmale>!"
<propmale>   the boy who doesn't work at walmart anymore
punny license plate cafn8ed
finishing some chores and getting ready to spend time with my invalid <propmale> haha
the lovely bones is horrible!
"someone said the \e\"" word    what's the \""e\"" word <propfemale>?    eff"""
"mmm, i dont feel so good, praying that this passes quickly"
"well, that was a fail of a night! but i didn't kill anyone and there was the guys with an oversize banana doll  "
sitting in the <propfemale> down parking lot with <propfemale>! hahahahah prom stalking at its finest!
"oh me, oh my  this weekend has been classic"
there is something hilarious about my grandma doling out medications she bought in mexico for our family which makes me realize how much i love my family  smile 
<propfemale> is my favorite 
really doesn't understand why and how i am always this stressed when it comes to registering or in this case preregistering for classes 
"well my monday, although stressful and cranky during the day, ended up chill  smile "
adventuring with sami houghton always makes life good  smile 
pretty sure i have the bestest friends ever
i am so easily distracted
baby i can see your halo
tannnnnnnnnnnnnnn
want to get in a bikini and go crazy! care to join?
skating and bonfire was fun  smile  now hitting the hay to wake up early and spend the weekend at my grandparents!
karaoke with my cousins!!  smile 
<propfemale> is <propfirst> z and connor is <propfemale> keys!
why do i insist on waving and staring at people driving?
second job? check  smile 
"well that was an odd time, i dislike pissy people and tosh 0!"
"so rogers cheer carwash this saturday and i would loveee for everyone to come and support my senior year of cheering! presale tickets are 5 bucks (or whatever  you want to donate)  if you wanna buy one, get at me!  smile "
hungryyyyy and time for class
yes! i love scaring my sister and her friend  smile 
"tutoring,school, pickinh up my siblings, homework, coaching, a visit to the birthday girl now more homework!\tuesday, why are you so mean to me?"
tried to compliment both <propmale> and <propfirst> and was questioned by both about my sarcasm 
"some will win, some will lose, some where born to sing the blues"
studying starts now  long days are getting longer but running into <propmale> at target  did make me smile 
why is our most played song on itunes don't forget by demi lavato?
"heres too curly hair and the day ahead me! \therapy\"" with sami then the rest of the day with <propmale>!"""
"millions of peaches, peaches for free"
"rogers cheer car wash today, 10-3, cool bean espresso on meridian! come and that would make me oh so happy  smile "
date night to go see date night
baby its cold outside
sundays are the best
we can be 3 twins! good job <propfemale>  smile 
aquarium with the fam and <propmale>!
sami houghton  there are about 15 things i want to text you!!
some may say i am culpable of invoking superfluous amounts of caustic comments i make however i use them congenially and free of irreverence
"<propfemale> \i can do 1 pull up  can you? oh wait   you can do like 10\"""""
9 days left of school! i am so darn excited   if only that didn't mean 9 days until finals!
we are almost done  
say ok wednesday
girls day in seattle then the a night with <propmale>'s fam and a movie made the best wednesday <propfemale>!
tgi   th?
why does this rain remind me of when sami picked me up from sumner blasting <propmale> marley and my phone shorted out because it was so wet?
"i got lost on a search for my asl class today, luckily i wasn't the only one  now i'm waiting on bennnnnn to go adventuring on this rainy friday afternoon  smile "
church! ( <propfemale> stracener will appreciate that post)
hello swollen eye    
some will win some will lose some were born to sing the blues
peace and quiet in my home aloneeee 
"watched hours of jersey shore with <propmale> after a long game of frisbee, good memorial day"
"oh <propfirst> blunt, you make my anxieties melt away with your depressing lyrics and annoying voice"
"sami on a moped, me on my mazda 5"
fathers yelling at their little daughter in freddies  
"seriously    3 psych tests, a booty load of asl, a very large,very important research paper final, 2 jobs, cheer practice, wedding, sats, grandma's bday dinner, staff meeting   sleep until tuesday? no  facebook? just enough to complain "
so i guess i dont get paid until the 10th? at least its 2 paychecks from pierce
as i stood in front of a mirror i watched myseld eat pasta  so  darn  tired 
"pushing through this week with the help of my ever faithful friend, caffeine"
"i love how pierce is open late the night i need to study, hallelujah "
"who needs sleep? pushing though my asl class, cleaning, cheer, then a busy afternoon with a bday grad party and wedding to go to with <propmale>!"
deaf picnic! so rad!
currently hiding for 3 minutes   too tired to deal with birthday parties
my headache makes it hurt to move  
hasn't felt this drained in such a long time     annoyed 
"multigenerational facebook technicality conversations, i'm the winner  smile "
"<propfemale> who has 2 more days of school until her <propmale> year is over?! \this girl : )"
"so we are in a jungle, you have a machete, you have a monkey, you have a rope and i have a woman"
the end is so close  smile 
happy happy happy happy happy 
"psych test in the lib, drop off my paper then its allllll over  smile "
summer time!!!  smile 
say ok wednesday!
want to know what almost rhymes with orphan   dolphin thank you <propmale>  smile 
i love my life and my friends  smile 
"tan, errands, hitting up the hs, practice then grad parties! loving the summer"
sitting at a spartan bracelet selling booth  
holy tan line!
fun night with sami ahead!!  smile 
going out to tac-town to get sarahs phone fixed!
this large registration packet needs to be done and my books returned at shs by 9 oclock tomorrow   then i'm officially no longer a spartan
"2 hours of being lost in tacoma, then pizza and hercules with <propmale> and <propfemale> was a nice little bonding time  smile  haha"
such a long day  annoyed  i want my babeee and hug 
sky high!!! woohoo  smile 
"let me riddle you a ditty, it's just an itty bitty, little thing on my mind \\about a boy and a girl, trying to take on the world one kiss at a time \\now the funny thing about, ain't a story without it, but the story is mine \\cuuuute song and another amazing summer day  smile "
just sprayed my house with febreze hawaiian aloha   when my family comes home it will smell like they came home to a tropical vacation haha
the amount of mothers digging through the gymboree sale bins is amazing
sami houghton's 2 smile 0 am texts make my head spin with excitement   time to head back to bed though
does not enjoy how its the summer and i'm getting my uv rays from the electrical beach instead of the real beach   darn weather
oh i love working friday night then saturday morning!
so remind me why i decided to wake up at 6 am on a saturday morning in the summer?
pretty sure the emotional roller coaster that was today is one that i won't forget in a very long time  i love <propfemale> <propmale>
in a funk  annoyed 
"funny! i just woke up and sumner gets out for summer in 1 minute  \today is a new day!"
why i should just stick to being late to places   
"cheer, running my currently carless boyfriend's errands and mine then saw toy story 3  smile  good times!"
when in doubt <propfemale> out with my sister and her friends
"i would like rubber mechanic gloves    guy working \would you like those with or without a mechanic?\"""""
wow  this is annoying being this early 
"popcorn, seinfeld then getting up nice and early to spend the day at gymnasticsland  smile )"
"worked, got food, now im chilling home alone until work againnn"
"bbq with my babeee tomorrow  smile  until then its been a long day at work, now its some relaxing timeee"
"loves having the car in the shop while she is home alone   \<propmale> is picking me up in a few hours boredom until then "
"just was fed a jello heart, oh yeah, i hate jello"
"cheer, then the return of the mini mini <propfirst>  smile ) then work!"
"found my ancient reign city \we believe commitment is everything\"" tshirt organizing my closet and am wearing it to practice  smile """
these party favors look like legit party favors!!
longgg day! now <propfirst> <propmale> is coming ova!
deep cleaning my room i solved the mystery of where all my socks disappeared too  smile 
coffee with the very much missed <propfemale> thomsen!
"decluttering, cleaning and scrubbing my room until it is spotless! about 75% done!"
"i got 2 hours of sleep last night, therefore i am sleeping like a baby tonight  smile \suchhh a funny afternoon with <propmale>"
"what is really on my mind, i like this bottled water"
working open gym this morning! and my arms are soooo sore!!
"work was chill, now cleaning, then dress shopping for a wedding, hanging out with <propmale> and packing for my property!"
happpppyyyy  smile 
"so needs to get away, luckily i get too"
this drive will be the death of me
best  wedding  ever 
loves when my family freaks out about thinking i ate red meat   sike! there was halibut
people are cheering in swedish! oh my family  smile 
are those really your legs?
in the grandparents westfalia! entiat here we come  smile 
flying a canadian flag in leavenworth   just a <propmale> confused
on the top shelf of the westfalia   this might be the death of me!!!!
we are hitchhiking cousins  smile 
leaving  thank the lord
love is what i got   oh sublime 
bonfire time  smile 
"ahhhh today was long, tomorrow will be longer  reallllly can't wait til friday to see <propmale>!"
the heat gave me a bloody nose  sad 
just beat <propfemale> rothschild's day because i am older and will always win!
"red bull italian sodas <propfemale>ke <propfemale> life! running my sisters around, doing some errands and chores then the sun is calling my name with sami houghton!"
well  today was less than exciting
free chinese food! say what!
i would really appreciate it if i could know what in the world was going on!
wild waves tomorrow with my baby?! now i'm excited for that  smile 
nightmares all night long  annoyed 
"getting ready then heading out to wild waves! allll day with <propmale>, sure to be a good one  smile "
finally about to leave! haha i love how impossible it is to get anything done with that boy
"awww, so good  smile "
saturday lunch at red <propfirst> with my sisssseter!
is there a reason i am so scared of the most retarded things ever?
hello unopened bag of cheezits  
lake with k madd!!  smile 
her lips are devil red and her skin the color mocha
escape from azkaban with bennnn
first ever <propmale> potter movie i've ever actually sat through
heat nosebleed+allergy attack=no good
<propmale> is taking me to work! god bless not having my own car   
baby i can see your halo
"lazy, overcast monday lounging around in <propmale>'s hoodie doing next to nothing was much needed and enjoyed  smile "
going to my brothers place to <propfemale>!
"i swear all i want is a <propfemale> red bull italian soda, not to stare at your hot pink underwear"
cheeeeeeer then pizza and a movie with my <propmale>!
its only 78  
team bonding bonfire!  smile 
"has spent an abundant amount of time alone this week, its much appreciated though because i am drainnnnned"
coffee with <propfemale> betts!!
hello friday  i will bask in your nothingness and relax  smile 
is dating the biggest dork!
"worked 9-3, going back to work parents night out 5 30-10 "
"i loved finding out two of my fav girls from work are at morman camp the same time and place i'm at cheer camp, reading <propmale> goes to the hospital to 4 year olds, and the insanity of parents night outs! i'll sleep good after 10 hours of work"
locksmiths are everywhere! haha
2 apricots is not sufficient!
adventures with sami houghton make me sleepy tired! good thing i have to get up and workk in the morning bahah
"making dinner?! eek, thats all bad! then <propmale> is picking me up, could be interesting!"
hello random lake days!
heading out to <propmale>'s best frannns house for the afternoon!
"just had <propfemale> talking about how \beer\"" is her favorite drink  classic """
what to do on such a pretty day? no plans! ah!
annoyed 
those summer nights  smile 
"im massively confused, lots of thinking"
lake and sushi town with <propfemale>!!
oh my gosh i feel so terrible 
darn my kidneys  annoyed 
"can you say sickkkk? bens coming over and bringing me a movie   ugh, ive been up since 3 30 "
"loves phone calls just to talk  smile  work was tough cuz i'm still not feeling all that well, but now its chores and stuff i've been putting off, then cheer tie-dye party!"
never good enough  annoyed 
i'm freaking out! why is it so hard to get a sub for work the morning of cheer camp?! stresssss meee outtt 
black top burn on my thigh! ouch!
"wasteee of time! urgh! now, my time is free and i don't work tomorrow morning, saweet"
"please wake me up at 7 30, that is much appreciated"
why is everyone so stressed out?
so darn tired! now its time to get my restttt! cheer camp tomorrow morning!
on my way to cheer camp!!  smile 
"could possibly end up waking up in a different part of the building, did i forget to mention i sleepwalk?  smile "
all american! haha it was way too random
icy hot is making me so tingly!!!!!!!!!
so proud of my cheer team! we kicked uca camp booty  smile 
power nap complete! now news heading over  smile 
"coach <propmale> was right, boys are the devil "
"when life hands you lemons, act like a raptor and cheer in the woods"
"straight up yuck  i havent left my bed since ive gotten home from work, anyone wanna cheer me up?  sad "
sayle namy to the rescue!
"todays gonna be an interesting one, work then ben  \lets see how this all works out"
"i might not be ecstatic, but for the moment i am 100% content  smile "
come visit me at sumner days! im working 10 to 7 for roach gymnastics haha
and everything is back to normal  smile 
finds it really hard not too clap in a cheer clasp   problem? i think so  smile 
bffffffff samiiiiii night!
i slept in today   its 9 am 
"tell people when you are dehydrated, i learned that lesson  anyways, work was nice, chores, then cheer, then hopefully my lovely krystallll  smile "
could really use a friend right now
then <propmale> comes and visits me  smile 
work was a joy  now to washing the car! oh i wish i wasnt as tired as i am right now!
singing and dancing and cleaning the car
"and she broke her hand, punching my face "
"neeeeeds coffee   well today has potential, work soon, then bowling with <propmale> "
ready for a fun day with bennnn  smile 
well baby there's a lot that i'll miss in case i'm wrong
thinking i should do something productive today  
breatheeee  home watching a movie before a long weekend of work and cheer
oh man! working in a gym with no ac all day makes me tireddd!
meatless spaghetti  smile  nomnom
that's why they call it murder not muckduck
"cheering at thun field! its gonna be a long, hot day  smile "
my friends are amazing  smile  goodnight to one of the most topsy turvy days of my life
texas aggies   that really is a mascot  
a love like whoa!
mall performance at 6 by macys! woot woot!
reallllly doesn't get why all of a sudden my ankle issue is coming back!
"ahhh, 11 hours of sleep  smile "
"cleaned the inside of the car and went to work, now what to do?"
"fun night with <propfemale>! now paying for some cheer, shopping with my momma, much needed styling of my hair and <propmale>! yeah for no working friday  smile "
well i love when plans go down and my whole day is pissing me off!
"panda e playful ress, a water fight at the parks drinking fountain, almost losing my phone and then making \yarmulkas\"" and dancing to jewish music videos all with <propmale> haha"""
nothing to do on a saturday night? story of my life 
rubbed jalepeno chip stuff in my eyeee! ouchhh
way sore! time to get ready for worky work
a few hours of sleep does not work for me!
gross shake  sad  yuckkkk!
you are on meth   nuff said 
this has been a loooong week!
eeek! super excited for tomorrow  and very thirsty right now
sami sami sami sami timmmeeeeeee  smile 
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight,watched you succeed, saw you fall, cheered you on and kept you strong  sisters are a promise from god that we will have a forever friend!repost if you love your sister   smile "
fun night  smile 
just realized one of my sisters left a large stack of ritz crackers with peanutbutter between every single one on my counter    i'm blaming <propfemale>
bfffff sami taking me to see secondhand serenade!! what a great surprise  smile 
"\ you can break my heart if it meant id never be alone\"" cameras don't lie"""
weeeeeeeeeeeeee! im tired
very much enjoyed her morning relaxing then going to the pancake house with <propmale>  smile 
"just convinced my little sisters that if they scream, i am chopping off their hair in the middle of the night  they believe me and are terrified  smile "
am i reallly online shopping and looking at homecoming dresses?
<propfirst> the frog played with aunt sayle and aunt <propfemale>  smile 
just bought my homecoming dress and learned how to drive stick! woop woop! now cheer  smile 
sami houghton seriously saves the day!!! i'm such a forgetful spaz  annoyed 
"well that was a fun first assembly ever going to rogers during the day for me  smile  now a day of planning, prepping, team dinner then cheeeering at sparks at 7! then leaving with samiiiii"
wooooooo! first game tonight  smile 
my ankle is going nuts! but miss sami is picking me up and we are leavingggg for the weekend  smile 
pizza and full throttle  breakfast of champs  smile 
my phone is in future mode
sami houghton and i are the smartest campers i know! hahaha
"head for the hills, the kitchens of fire"
buying pierce books like a boss  smile 
weeeeeeeee  bored and bummed about my ankle  its kinda weird being in summer 
getting out of the house was good for my mood  smile  now its big brother time!
<propmale> of the hill tonightt and i can fully cheer  smile  stoked  smile 
jamming to <propfemale> on my way to team dinner  smile 
70 to 12  smile  gooooood night at <propmale> of the hill! now its time to ice and sleep
my palms are bruised from tumbling haha
"backk to work, then shelbies bday, then scene kid?\busy busy  smile "
front row box seats to the rodeo   hahahaha
mini horses!
lets hope im not the one stuck picking up my sister and her friends tonight  
hellllo benedryl  smile 
hello summer  i enjoyed you and all but i want school to start 
its not everyday you hear <propfemale> in a bottle on the radio  smile 
hey your daughters cute
"chaperoning <propfemale>'s class this morning at the fair, then running around, then performing at the fair twice tonight  smile "
cheeering at the fair and picking up my <propfemale>  smile 
goooo <propmale>!! i want him to win  smile 
"i would lock myself out of my car when i'm super hungry, sweaty,and have things to do righttt after cheer practicee  smile "
laame night  sad 
gammmmeeee dayyy  smile 
someone at <propfirst> in the box just asked me the score of the game   already forgot
i'm killing the radio!!! a remix of dynamite came on right as i walk into my room 
fairrr traffic is my favoriteeee
when it rains it pours
i just feel ridiculous 
dear chinese food place  does your music have to be this sad?
everybody's working for the weekend
its looking like everything is changing in my worlddd so its time to change with it
behind a bus that is advertising light the night  smile 
friggin frick frick  last night of summer!
"sooo excited for tonights festivities with the girrrrls  smile  \theme song \ ridin solo\"" \",4f63802161d8edd39245f1eb6a1057a4,"you're wearing cowboy boots, don't try to be sneaky"
i'm living life now that i'm free   question <propfirst>?
have you ever seen despipeple me? hahahaha  smile 
"tutoring center meeting, cheering at golf (how odd) and coaching today on my lasttt day of summer "
hello random pretty day  smile 
schoool here i come!
"they say we're young and we don't know, we won't find out until we grow"
school day 2 
wishes certain people would stop just listening to her and start actually hearing what she has to say
get ready for school or sit on fb? hmmm
i like pierce on fridays  its not mass mayhem 
game time! woot woot!
soooo   utopia anyone?
lazyyyy day napping after work  now what to do with this saturday night?
thnls to the fair getting to fredmeyer is a 40 minute process
just got paged to the pharmacy of <propfirst> meyer  how odd 
suppp church chores homework and coffee  yeah for sundays
time to go get food  smile 
i show up to school super early and my first of 2 classes is cancelled  smile 
ohhh myyy goshhh 
ms <propfemale> should remember to sign out of <propfemale>'s laptop!  love  love you girly
so excited to get things going with lifeeeeeee
so this is closure    (minus a jacket)
i'm teething? how odd
"i have the quesiest, weakest stomach ever   psychology made me feel sick"
caffeine is my crack
online chemistry time?!
my alarm was set to silent this morning   thank the lord for the sense of an internal clock
"rolled out of bed, now i have a full day of piece then cheering  go thursday! haha"
i want a nap  now 
"thats one hot barista!! ahahahahaha\i love pierce "
thursday night games   suck 
time for classss
standing between mine and my sisters room listening to competing <propfirst> lambert songs from her radio station and mine
"lost a debit card, gained an ipod  ya win some, ya lose some"
i am the grape <propmale>  classic 
i just outcreeped myself
headacheeee  sad 
churrrchhh! then doing work on my homework today!
with the recent return of my ipod which has been mia for a couple of years i found old reign city music from 07 on it   oh the memories  smile 
its like a book elegantly bound but in a language that you can't read
yeahhh its mondayyyyy!
"my neck, my ankle, my sanity "
helllo day 3 of freaskishly vivid and bizarre dreams
my public speaking teach just said <propmale> <propmale> and i laughed far too loud
"time to go be a \fun specialist\"" ohhh coaching gymnastics"""
well he was a meth addict with a mini puppy fetish who ate <propfemale> canes when it wasn't christmas
waking up to realize i am fully sick  sweet 
herrow stomach bug
i'm still really confused on how i ever met a cute walmart employee
i love sami houghton! just saying 
"\the wicked with of the west is from the sound of music\""\",4f63802161d8edd39245f1eb6a1057a4,monkey high five   you'll never win
procrastination isnt toooo bad 
i love you
"speech, complete!"
"hi  i'm an airhead, i drove to the school for practice with no shoes only to find out there is no practice "
well for a while i thought you were a robot
my fingers are numb  
feels horrid!
"homework, college apps, cleaning, planning, organizing,church  what else are sundays good for?"
my brain hurts
just got asked to homecoming! my entire cul de sac is chalked up haha  smile 
value village time with sami before practice!
my neighbors probably think i'm insane
"not gonna lie, every time i go to rogers for anything except cheer i get really confused"
"dear <propfemale> grosse, not even 10% of the price of yours haha"
invading peoples personal privacy all in the name of cheer   smile 
is a happy hamper
has never cheered that hard in my life
ahhhhh! tonight was amazing! homecominnng tomorrow  smile )))
what a day  smile  haha
is a happy girl haha
dear monday mornings    bite me 
i would go to school and work with my yoga pants on backwards  
the unloyale strikes again! oh how many times have i sat on the side of the road with <propfemale>  smile 
eating coooookies  smile  nom nom nom
"really doesn't want to go take a staff picture alll the way in sumner    eeh, fun specialist"
"whhyyyy did i take chem online???\grrrr"
bored to tears  need something to do today!
sami houghton is making me run away from facebook 
hitting my head against the wall 
he's really doing parkour right now
my leg is so itchy!!!!
i rock
happy birthday <propfemale> raglin !!! love you  smile 
hmm no school tomorrow  smile 
wake up skylar <propmale> !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm the big spoon!!
loves crazy people
is going to be super productive on her day off!
game of the week tonight  smile ) vs phs!
my house has been invaded by blonde 14 year olds
i love <propfemale> kerschner  smile 
"defrosting, icing my ankle and sleeping   i luhuvvv working saturday mornings"
this morning <propfemale> stumbled into my room to make sure i was still alive   
halloween= success  smile 
my house is too quiet for my liking 
feels like ish  annoyed 
rogers freaking confuses me 
"pierce colleges sex education booths   hmm, things can get weirder "
i'm writing this speech if it kills me  
please come soon friday : )
today will be a great day : )
"heyyy there procrastination   \most definitely need some caffeine to get all this ish done "
all nighter? yeah? grr
love hate sex pain 
i hate cars and cars hate me
"longest day everrrr, but i get to end it with a girrrls night with the lovely <propfemale> madsen, redbox and a grilled cheese and soup feast for us working girls haha"
"i'm sitting in front of foursquare waiting for <propfemale> and samm and a couple \hiding\"" are making out and a different kid just lit a cigarette   """
thank you for shutting down on me in the middle of a college app stupid computer of mine
last piece of pie is mine and i didn't even know we had pie : )
this is me crossing my fingers that public speaking is cancelled 
what the frick
ruining the car= no bueno and <propfemale> sitting at home alone 
well   at the lloyds house so friggin funny
tea and a book  smile 
i love <propfemale> <propmale> soooo much  
you won't be 17 forever
i hate buses 
"you're so sad baby you shouldbuy a happy meal, you're so skinny you should really super size the deal"
yes i am 18 and yes they are singing high school musical at my party
she loves lizzy sayama  smile  happy birthday girl! smile 
hey she loves me tooooo! sawah  smile 
birffff day is over! night night world! about to attack lizzy sayama and <propfemale> grosse
good morning starshine! the earth says hello!
my tummy hurts!
i need motivation in the form of coffee 
"skip to the weekend?\yes please!"
i just volunteered to be number 4 on an impromptu speech  fml fml fml
phantom of the opera with lizzzy!  smile 
you're going to catch a cold from the ice inside your soul
sleeeeeeeepy time  smile 
"no peppermint at starbucks, this is a disgrace"
this weekend has been bosssss  smile 
"\you can be snow <propfemale> cheerleaders\"" \",4f63802161d8edd39245f1eb6a1057a4,pierce is closed  smile 
so i enjoy this snow but i dont enjoy being stuck at my house  sad  boo
forgetting <propfemale> <propfirst> and defrosting from my snowball fight  smile 
i like texting people who are in the same room as me cuz i'm super cool  smile 
"pierce is ridiculous, they closed today when my classes got over and \start\"" tomorrow when my first class starts  """
so ruining my car before the sats payed off haha
port townsend in a couple hours!!!
"so i guess thanksgiving is on friday now and im not leaving until then, super "
"yeahhh! thanksgiving at the grandparents! \spending the day wiff my lovely sarahhhh  smile "
"the turkey has been in the oven for 3 hours   \the oven was off  \hahahahaha"
"i dont believe in black friday, i like my sleep"
family picture time   good thing i thought it was yesterday and havent showered today
saturday morning farmers market with my cousins  smile )
kickin it at grandmas with my psychotic cousins
sometimes i hangout with my sister and her friends 
"i really want this quarter to be over, oneee moreee weeek "
"<propfemale> cant smell because of her cold, so she doesnt smell that she made our entire house smell like onions  gag me "
"adultery,i thought it meant stupid, like being an adult"
"needs to write two papers today, oh gee!"
"i'm an awful cook, i just set the fire alarms off  sad "
i need to exfoliate 
in a closet right now  smile 
i love <propfemale> <propmale>
i think you should go now   want a cookie?!
history repeats itself  
"back to work i go! \what a day   "
watching veggie tales at work  smile 
studying with sarahhhhh!
going to bed hairstyle from my mother  
finals tomorrow!  smile 
done with fall quarter  smile 
life is good  smile 
since when do i sleep in?
sticker bushes+the dark+my cheer uniform=ouchhhh!  sad 
got accepted to western!!  smile 
"i \elfed\"" a shirt of mine and am now covered in fabric glue and mini red feathers"""
call me <propfemale> the elf  smile 
its a gingerbread man orgy!
miss <propfemale> wolcott forgot to lof off facebook   hehehe!! i love you <propfemale>~ <propfemale>
really wants to watch across the universe
just did sarahs makeup  smile 
"things might not be perfect, but i wouldn't have them any other way  smile "
longest day ever 
"quote from grandma \i just love this texting\"""""
night with lizzy sayama  and our favorite guys  smile 
love love love  smile 
done with work now i have the wholee day in front of me  smile 
walking zombie status 
i think i'm funny  smile 
where oh where could my debit card be?
"\these cheetos taste so crazy\"" <propmale> bremner after eating a dorito"""
"\she came out of the womb nailing things\"""""
really needs to start going by one last name
ahh school has started  smile 
today is the start of a longggg 10 weeks
smoothie between classes  smile  nom nom nom
just had the first of many a&p study sessions with sayler namy!!
fun game tonight! now its math timeee
"almost done working then class, lunch date, class,  weekend!"
all 5 girls in my fam are sitting downstairs watching the tivod bachelor  smile 
dinner where?!
csi puyallup: <propfemale> and <propfemale> edition
federalism is not a sexy topic
"its raining, its pouring, we live in washington"
homework at big foot! i have some studying too do for sure
samiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sami houghton !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dropped a 2 gallon of apple juice on the carpet at work today
you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul
"\always kiss me goodnight\"""""
i'm so uncomfortable right now
6 o'clock: visine or die
irritated  ipod but no headphones 
"phhhhhhhhhh, what a day  annoyed "
at the end of the day all we have is who we are
my backpack is soaked in coffee
sami houghton is my hero  just saying 
by far the best boys basketball game i have ever seen! <propfemale> much fun cheering  smile 
i slept in  smile 
i am very luck to have a friend like aubreeana ryle who will not mess with my facebook when i leave it open on her lap top smile 
saturday nights are not supposed to be this uneventful
it is sometimes as appropriate response to reality to go insane
"the world can't end in 2012, we don't have hovercars yet!"
the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry
pack the gym at 7!!  smile )
bit off more than i can chew   this will make for a fun week
awkward moments in the pierce bookstore
i just wanna take a nap 
that's the snooze button haha
some things are better left unsaid 
overcommitment and stress finally got the best of me  annoyed 
just woke up from a nap longer than most nights i sleep   so its late dinner and sleep time 
"the kid behind me in class has a book, dungeon masters for dummies"
i love barging in on dates  smile 
<propmale> <propmale> and i owned puyallup last night! haha
i dont think i have ever been more offended in my life 
"im finally seeing things clearly, this isn't how things are supposed to be "
"goodmorning starshine, the earth says hello!"
i've been sitting in the foursquare parking lot for 45 minutes and can't get out  
free super on my account? i didn't even know
did i just see a pierce college commercial?
helllo swollen eye
my brother is doing yoga in the living room hahaha  smile 
that's when i told her i loved her but i'm not the answer
"seniorrrr night  smile ) \so pumped for our senior dance  smile "
and after all my years of cheering this is my grand finale  sad 
almost 24 hours of phone tag until finally reaching someone: success  smile 
i love <propfirst> bieber
enjoyed my surprise this lovely sunday morning  smile  now its time for homeworkkk!
smart moment in math!!
she really just did salutation to the sun on the lawn in front of pierce
yeah for getting lost and not getting what i wanted to do done 
my moms trying to shimmy and body roll to her zumba moves  smile 
dramatic phone calls at 2 am  pissed off right now 
"\ somebody ate your britches!\"" old lady at pierce referring to my holey jeans"""
got my <propmale> pierced today and my ears finally yesterday  smile 
victory rogers!
"and ill find strength in pain, and i will change my ways"
wants school to zoom by so <propmale> can pick me up for my valentines day surprise!!  smile 
"homemade candle lit dinner, a single red <propfemale> and a new purse?!\i dont think i'll stop smiling for a while  smile "
"so ya know people are snorting bath salts now?!\oh yeah?\its not going so good for them, they are dying hahahah"
"<propfemale> wolcott, please check your phone asap"
the disabled car just flipped me off
yeah for tagging boyfriends cars when they work out  smile 
<propfemale> and i just ate a bag of pizza bites  smile 
this is what happens when 2 blondes go to seattle  smile 
loving my quiet time since it will soon be interrupted by lots of little children
has to drive the truck today   oh joy
i miss my cheer girls!!  sad 
"asl 4, calc 1 and wellness online! final quarter  smile "
"plus of wearing the same size as your mom, the brand new citizens she doesn't like are now mine  smile "
"farellis with <propmale> and his friends, then stick it  smile  very nice night"
"this is the 2nd dumbest snow day ever, first time campus closed right after my class, this time campus opens when my first class starts "
"date night with <propfemale>! homemade pizza, taken and chocolate milk  smile "
i love not working saturday mornings  smile 
they are making us breakfast as we watch a chick flick  smile  score 
"my <propmale> is just so fun sometimes, especially when it falls out in the shower"
"\you look sick\"" oh thank you!"""
pissed at how loud and annoying the 5 other people at big foot java are right now   
"i will be so happy i will leave, that is a lie "
rip great great aunt <propfemale>  sad (
i love sammmmmm
fun morning with my love!  smile 
i've read about 15 statuses about not being able to sleep last night
just played 2 hours of alchemy   addictive much?
"\ practice your digitools everyday so you don't forget how to make a chart\"" the genius girls sitting behind me"""
veryyy chill afternoon with <propfemale> madsen and <propmale>! except for my little hot wax kitchen fire  smile  hahahaha
oh so excited for today!  smile 
"whats on today's agenda?\studyyyyy!"
is so darn tired  
is so darn tired  
2 of my winter quarter classes are over!!!!!!
i love awkward situations   
"as far as days off go, this one was upsetting   \last final tomorrow at least!"
spring break!!  smile 
\so <propfemale>," ya sleep good?\""\"4f63802161d8edd39245f1eb6a1057a4,running errands all day! and excited for this afternoon   ahh i am enjoying my relaxing spring break
"cleaned allll night, made breakfast, went to work now zumba! wondering when the \crash\"" will hit me haha"""
pretty sure all my <propmale> does is sleep    boredddd
ready for a goood night  smile 
still doesn't understand how i can sit in a 50 minute class and not talk lol
websters dictionary defines wedding as the fusing of 2 metals with a hot torch
oh how i love being left and ignored in an apartment!
up in bellingham  smile 
2300 people visiting western and i'm sitting by someone who's basically my neighbor  smile  haha
"happy monday, i burnt my poptart "
"i havent had coffee in 2 weeks and my lovely boyfriend brought me a very large delicious coffee   \i feel like running a few <propmale> "
