8927b112f26808a1ad94f62fda2c0c77
"eat  ski  eat  sauna  eat  sleep  (sometimes it's such a hard life, eh?)"
"how come no one has transplanted all those little seedlings out there on my deck? who's the gardener-in-charge here?  oh, wait   "
ugh  sick  still sick 
strawberries!
folk fest
bellowhead 
"cultural connections picnic, thursday 2-7pm, in bemidji at the little <propfemale> by the warehouse--downtown, over the irvine ave bridge and take your first left   music, food, good company!five folkie divas will sing at 4 smile 0 "
jackpot!  i discovered a few little green tomatoes in my garden yesterday  now how to get them big and ripe in the next 10 days   ?
toomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffee
butterfly sailing!
"old friends, new friends, waffles for breakfast, waffles for dinner,  sail, paddle, swim, giggle, and soak in the music   september is turning into a lovely summer "
"little cabin, long hike, high falls, <propmale> jump, river swim, lake dip, fresh <propmale>, caprese sammich, scrabble tourney, vi-no, choco-late, straw-berries, snort fort "
africa calling 
thinking too much   way too serious   somebody please make a funny face and relieve the tension 
12:12  seems like a fortuitous time to go to sleep 
12 surprise 0 exactly   seems like a nifty time for number nerds to get ready for bed 
sunbeam <propfemale> soakin' up a <propfirst> or two 
chipping parsnips out of suddenly-frozen ground 
thinking of clever ways to thaw out a patch of garden soil so i can plant some garlic   
sleeping  soon  please?
details  details 
"friends new and old, family, delicious abundance, fresh air, sunset, funny movie  wishing comfort, love and security for all six-and-a-half billion  what would that look like?"
nap 
sing 
eat  sleep  sing some more 
"go to sleep, silly girl "
workity workity workalot finally just finished 
8 million pippernits 
"<propfemale> solstice, happy christmas, blessed new year!"
11:11 sounds like sleep 
so i finally saw avatar  how did they do that?
hey everyone! please help bemidji youth build a skate park!   they need to get into the top 10 to win the <propmale> from pepsi--so please click on the link below and vote!  repeat daily 'til feb 28--and spread the word!
i voted 
i voted again 
"full <propfemale> ski, <propfemale>shadows and candlelight pictures, swoosh swoosh and quiet, firelight, friends    and the other place "
"i'm skiiiiii-ing in the rain, just skiiii-ing in the rain!"
learnin' stuff 
watching that video about facebook's endless absurd distractions   then going back to facebook  maybe i'll poke somebody  cuz 
"rocked the garden today  weeding, planting, digging in manure, planting some more   who wouldn't want to skip work and shovel manure?"
singin' with a posse o' people at bemidji state park amphitheatre sunday june 6 1 smile 0pm   bring <propfemale> voice n sing along--or clap hands n stomp!
thinks she can get up at 4 smile 0 in the morning   proof is in the pudding     g'night 
knows more about aromatherapy than she did 12 hours ago   and smells really good 
wow   more oily critters on tv   so sad   birds and crabs and fish in my gas tank 
what's a hogglewat?
blueberries  shiny 
happy dancey sleepy wakey coffee foody gardeny maybe sailboaty     aaah weekends!
"go to sleep, stupid "
"no really, i'm going to sleep  it's not even midnight yet "
"go to sleep, stupid "
sailing at sunset   and right into moonrise!  how often does that happen?  sweet 
"all this wind looked like fun sailing    but i turtled the boat before i could even hoist the sail   so much for my vision of bouncing gleefully over whitecaps, catching spray on my sunglasses   thanks for the heroic rescue, <propfemale> and <propfirst>   you now belong to the legion of daggerboard monkeys--a most selective club   (and you now know the secret initiation rite   don't tell anybody )"
mugga mugga muggy 
"bizzy   thought today was tuesday   wait up, week!  ya runnin' too fast "
can she get to sleep before 11pm?  tune in tomorrow   
sleep by 11pm? nope   didn't happen 
"some sailing weather? little bit, please please please?  now that i have time? please thank you? (in the very smallest sweetest nicest voice i can do)"
why is my computer suddenly making light-saber and ray-gun noises?
350ppm
african-band-name of the day:  <propmale> olaiya's federal rhythm dandies
scrabble and sleep deprivation spell brngtwiiizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
sunsetgasm!
warmtoberfest!
mosquitoberfest   ?!!
