fcc256a0ed430f9e548438661703f78e
happy new years folks! heres to a betters 2011 by saying f you to 2010!  laugh 
"why the hell am i staying up late when i have class in the morning, especially when its less than 8 hours from now?"
"only by understanding our past, can we grow, and push forward  but sometimes we must forget, to learn the greatest lessons "
ever had times where you wish that you could be wrong?
short breaks between classes are short d:
"<propmale> ortiz god    i feel so sick    the only way i can e playful lain it, is i feel like a bowl of chicken teryakki  i have the smell of the sauce surrounding me, and i feel all chopped up like the chicken and smothered by rice thats causing my body to ache   confidential "
man losing your voice sucks  ):
staying up all night! woo!
getting back your voice completely is awesome   laugh 
"just installed windows 7, i must admit, its pretty spiffy!"
remembering old times can be fun and saddening at the same time 
"i feel like a dork, i got the new pokemon game ): stop looking at me that way    it was a remake! d:"
oh no    test today in a & p 2    i'm screwed 
coming home after a hard days work just to be able to kick back and relax on the couch can be one of life's most satsifying things 
today was a good day  smile 
"just bought battlefield bad company 2 on steam, wasted hours trying to get stuff figured out with ea just to unlock the special content for owning more than 2 battlefield games  annoyed, but can't wait till tomorrow once i get off work to sink my teeth into this game  :f"
odd hour work days are odd 
its one of those days    and these days just make me smile on the inside   smile 
apparently longevity of a friendship isn't considered worthwhile as opposed to something thats new and shiny  *shrug* so much for that friend 
"i just got to <propfemale> out with an old friend of mine that i haven't seen in a while, we spent like an hour at <propfemale>'s talking about the old times  ah    i love catching up "
its a whole new day    and todays day will start with spagetti 
my condolences to the polish people for the recent passing of their president and a majority of their senior officials in the recent plane crash 
boring night is boring    
i gotta get up! early in the morning~
the past couple days have been very entertaining  from my birthday to catching up with some old friends  i can't say i'd have it any other way   smile 
"worked today from 6am-10:45am, did inventory type duties at work  oddly enough i rather enjoyed having a change of pace at work  once i got off work, caught some lunch then got my hair cut!"
short shift at work is short 
"i need a new profile picture, i just noticed i have a comb over  i'll fix this when i actually look decent enough for another picture "
i have the next two days off    what should i do    hmm     
"went to go watch iron man 2 with friends, great movie  then went to the yard house, had some awesome grub and a couple of drinks  fun day!"
what to do today after work   
"i'll just make it easier on myself and i'll just say  i don't understand, instead of bothering to try to understand "
i've got the day off     what to do   
"the funny thing is, life is constantly made easier and idiot proof by inovation    and then god makes a brand new, better and more refined idiot shortly their after "
its one of those days   
"have the day off, who wants to <propfemale>?  wink ?"
"it was a fun day, shame i have work in the morning at 8am, btu you know what? it was worth it, rivetting conversation and corny jokes included "
too much carne asada    food coma starting soon    i will sleep happily tonight   zzz
i've got the day off    what to do   
nothing beats some chips and homemade salsa during some downtime before work 
posting from my new droid! hello 21st century!
"alright    what the hell man? i get my new phone, check facebook about 4 times since i've bought the damn thing, and now my computer is upset at me and refusing to load facebook! i swear even electronics get jealous at me "
has in and out  double double + fries animal style 
phone's compass is detecting 101 48 teslas in magnetic force  odd   
i just ran into <propfemale> at work! good times  laugh 
i got a haircut today!  laugh 
i have the day off  who wants to <propfemale> out?  wink 
"dear people, please stop basing your relationships on hollywood drama and tv sitcoms  the sooner you realize this, the better "
"i just put some tapatio on my sandwich, and i must admit, it does make it alot less bland and has a 100% <propmale> to taste amazing "
"dude i just bought borderlands on steam for $10, i'm psyched to start playing "
"happy birthday <propfemale>  party well, be safe "
as cliche as at sounds there is something majestic about watching fireworks  good memories 
"just got home from hanging out with some old friends, good times, for all of you i <propmale> out with, we must do this again, but noted bring less food!"
going to see despicable me! will report back in after movie!
"despicable me was hilarious, i went to go see it with a few friends, damn it, we were cracking up so damn much "
it's soooo fluffeh!!!
\if you are neutral in situations of injustice," you have chosen the side of the oppressor \""\"fcc256a0ed430f9e548438661703f78e,had an awesome night out with some of the old gang  we gotta do this more often!
i just heard the craziest song from a mexican band    its about peanuts and pistachios  wtf?
"yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift "
is psyched 
pissing me and my bros off is like calling 1-800 collect an asswhooping   laugh 
"there are known knowns, known unknowns and unknown unknowns  things that we don't know that we don't know!"
"i just saw that they are making green lantern movie, thor, and captian <propfemale>    words can not e playful lain my love for life now   "
i like chocolate milk   smile 
just bought starcraft 2 
"the rootbeer me and <propfirst> bought earlier, he was damn right  odin would approve of it very very much "
"is buying groceries, om nom nom food "
"man the terran themes from starcraft 2 are just that epic, man do they bring back some good memories "
its offical after today i will be apart of best buy's project team!
"first day of the new job  like it, time flies by!"
a tear comes to my eye when you finally know that <propfemale> has finally played its hand on an individual that got what they really deserved   smile 
"been there, done that, had the dvd made twice "
"best starcraft 2 unit quote from the protross, the immortal \\\where's my <propmale>?!           oh   i'm in it   \"""""
"if it doesn't get all over the place, it doesn't belong in your face "
have the weekend off! time to go do something!
not all wanderers are lost    some of us are just drunk 
gravity  its not just a good idea  its the law 
we are who we choose to be 
"<propfirst> weinhard's rootbeer, <propfirst> and <propmale> tested, odin approved "
"life has an interesting way of offering you alot of opportunities, and sometimes because of how we are, we ignore them playing off the possible rewards as miniscule so that we can be lazy  but for once i broke that habit and i said hello   smile "
checked out the new student services center at the college  smells like fresh paint 
"sorry ladies and gentlemen, we seem to be e playful erimenting some uh    technological differences "
pudding can't fill up the emptyness inside me!    but it will help!
we have bigger problems a butter shortage!    i thought i'd never say that 
its times like these that make me wish i could use more 'its times like these' references 
"ever had one of \those\"" days? well today isn't one of them so ha!  love """
apparently my code name is <propfirst> spicy wiener  *scratches head* i'm so lost   
"may we all give a moment of silence for the events that occured this day 9 years ago  also let us remember, tolerance of others creed and preference will prevent other instances like this from happening in the future  let us never forget and continue to honor those who died and will continue to fight for our freedom and safety  to the men and women of our armed forces, civil servants, this one goes to you  thank you "
"well no wonder all the human tetris videos were removed from youtube, apparently cartoon network bought the rights to the series so it can be syndicated over here in the us, by the name of \hole in the wall\""    really?"""
is puttin' on the ritz  *gets top hat*
"ahh    the the hair dryer    the woman's equivalent of a man's power drill, so many attatchments you don't know what to do with!"
damn it so many birthdays today d:
"collect novelty items such as: 3d glasses, oil cans and pink panties to earn achievements trophies  -steam commentary on borderlands new dlc claptrap revolution \\panties?"
"apparently i can remember terms and locations of them, but not locations and the terms associated with them "
"its only a sacrifice if i have to bore the pain, and its a burden if you have to "
"long day was long, now sleepy time is for sleeping "
i just got rickrolled by the <propfemale>lm desert mall's <propfemale> system 
you just bought yourself to pretzel town <propmale>!
om nom nom nom nom nom nom 
pudding will not fill the emptyness inside me!     but it will help 
is gearing up for friday 
"my computer beat me at checkers, but i sure beat it at kickboxing "
oh thank god for rain    considering i just waxed my car on sunday 
"so i bought fallout new vegas after all, the games good, but damn its soooo glitchy, considering it apparently puts more strain on my computer than fallout 3 even though the graphics haven't gotten much more impressive  the story is amazing, but i'm getting beyond frustrated with getting crashed to desktop every few minutes and my game getting lagged out when their is more than 2 npcs on screen "
"dear bethesda, please to be updating your software for fallout new vegas to directx 11 from dx 9, its 2010 not 2004  with love, me "
"well    what a simple fix    i copied my dx9 fill that gets saved in the windows os files, and placed it my fallout new vegas directory, game graphics are fixed"
"don't forget to vote today people! just remember if you didn't vote, you can't complain!"
is sitting in a very uncomfortable chair in class for 2 hours 
breakfast om nom nom nom 
i could really use a box of thinking grenades right about now 
i got to see the 100% ending for the new california republic story arc on fallout new vegas    it brought tears to my eyes 
"ever since <propfirst> tought me how to sniper with the m24 on battlefield bad company 2, i've been on a heater ever since  last personal best was 31 2 "
bah    why did i have to get sick when i return back to work?  annoyed \
"wow, how retarded  i got 20 kills with a smoke launcher on bad company 2, and of course    the stats didn't pick it up as it isn't a \normal\"" killing weapon  pfft"""
i have offically lost my voice for the second year and a row around the same time 
"cheesecake, munching on a cheesecake, munching a cheesecake, munching a cheesecake, munching a cheesecake   smile "
"gold on all small arms, minus sniper rifles, on battlfield bad company 2  accomplished "
so hungry   
free burritos are awesome burritos!
watching a shot in the dark on netflix with <propfirst> 
"remember to turn the <propfemale>, and wash your hands  turn the <propfemale>  wash your hands "
"why am i cold in the sunlight of paris\where laughter and songs fill the skies\why am i warm in the shadows of paris\when i know that <propfemale> means goodbye "
i feel so dirty    i just bought call of duty: black ops    battefield forgive me d:
"wow, i can see why black ops could be an interesting game    if it wasn't so damn buggy  i feel like i wasted my time on this "
"so apparently now at cod, you are prohibited from retaking classes unless the class is an \exception\"" class  which most general <propmale> classes aren't  since when is there \""elitism\"" at the community college level? i guess they really don't want people to spend their money on education if they are slow learners  fascists """
"i just saw something that looked like a reddish orange orb, south of indio looked like 5-10 <propmale> out, first it split into two, one on top of the other, then the bottom one disappeared, then the top one starts dropping smaller reddish orbs below it and they disappear quickly  reported time 10 smile 2pm  any thoughts anyone?"
"battlefield bad company 2 vietnam: just had a rambo moment, killed 3 with my m14 and used my clip, pull out my pistol, use the clip killing another, charge at the guy with a flamethrower, stab him with a knife, steal his flamethrower and kill the guy behind him with it  now that is a job well done  laugh "
"have a <propfemale> christmas, to all of you! give a shout out to our military, firefighters, law enforcement, paramedics, emts and all other ems out there this christmas!"
just got my i7-970 processor and the dx58so mobo! now to just get the rest peiced together  laugh 
computer is finally finished and 100% operational as of 5 hours ago 
today at work things are just fubar'd 
saying two colors over and over does not constitue a song 
whats the square root of pie you ask? delicious! what else would it be?
"just saw the green hornet, hilarious, epic, and i want that car "
"you sir, will get nothing and like it!"
"unce! unce! unce! unce! ooo, oh check me out  unce! unce! unce! unce! oh, come on get down! unce! unce! i think i lost the beat    but, unce! unce!"
salsa covered hotdogs for dinner = fire ass the next morning 
its been officially dealth with! *puts on sunglasses*
i just won 170 dollars at the casino!
"a apple a day keeps the doctor away, but an glass of orange juice is a tasty breakfast beverage "
"bought a new keyboard and mouse yesterday, love em "
thank you mi amor! *pushes the glow button on keyboard*
"i guess everyone has been quoting me lately, so i guess i'll do it  \jorge: \    i got it    its very superstitious from <propfirst> wonder    wow that was like almost a week later   \""\",fcc256a0ed430f9e548438661703f78e,"lindsay: i love you!~\me:    \lindsay: i said i love you! *smacks arm*\jorge: shut up baby i know it!"
500 more kills on battlefield bad company 2 with the m1 garand and i get my platinum
300 more kills on bfbc2 with the garand 
"i got the damn gamepad to work   not that i'll be using it to play bad company 2, point is i figured it out  mouse and keyboard ftw!"
"just beat metro 2033, i have to admit, the story was amazing, the graphics were epic, gameplay was awesome, to bad it was shortlived though  but i will say this, the alternate ending i got compared to the original, brought a tear to my eye "
"thank you parents, you've motivated me to get my own car insurance, i'll be shopping around for it "
"homefront's story is amazing but unbelievably short, the multiplayer, graphics and gameplay mechanics more than make up for it though "
"morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates    puny human number one, puny human number two, and morbo's good friend, <propfirst> nixon "
"if anyone needs me, i'll be in the chamber of understanding until further notice "
"boss: here is the <propmale> \me: don't you mean the manual?\boss: no this is california its called the <propmale> "
car had trouble starting again today    i was late to work because of which    bah i need to get that 2nd security system removed on my car 
looks like i'm starting to get an ingrown toenail    yuck  time to get the clippers and lots of rubbing alcohol 
"after many attempts, failures and lots of pain, success! ingrown toenail is remedied! just need it to heal now "
"hell month at work has been extended another week, yeah it sucks, yeah i'll be tired, but damn the money will be good  more money for my projects  smile "
"just got my new tires for my car! cost me $500 but i'm still happy, one less thing to worry about!"
"just saw a guy try to get into <propmale> bank without using the card reader, lols followed "
loving my new tablet  smile 
i want to be a mongoose 
"and now, for a new installment of annoyed good idea, bad idea \\good idea: buy a toy for an orphan on christmas \bad idea: get a job for an orphan on the 4th of july "
