c02f6eeab5b6131275892cbbde563a4a
getting ready for day 3 with my best friend!!! hugs and kisses!
has only two days left with her kids 
has the summer off to housesit   let me know if you need a dog house sitter!
has the summer off to housesit  let me know if you need a dog house sitter!
spending time by the pool   i love housesitting for people with cool stuff 
taking some dogs from the rescue shelter for a walk 
may have found her wedding photographer   anyone have any ideas?
going to the fray tonight    hooray for $5 tickets!
is leaving for sequoia on thursday  home by sunday  then housesitting until tuesday 
looking at maybe getting a new car    if i can afford it!
starting to pack for sequoia this weekend   i leave in 2 days but have no motivation to pack everything up 
leaving for sequoia   camping here we come   be back sunday!
"needs to know if anyone would be willing to take care of a friend's dog for 10 months   she is a <propmale> shephard, almost a year old, and my friend would pay for all e playful enses (incl  food, vet, and training)   any help is greatly appreciated!!!"
"needs to know if anyone would be willing to take care of a friend's dog for 10 months  she is a <propmale> shephard, almost a year old, and my friend would pay for all e playful enses (incl  food, vet, and training)  any help is greatly appreciated!!!"
"needs to know if anyone would be willing to take care of a friend's dog for 10 months  she is a <propmale> shephard, almost a year old, and my friend would pay for all e playful enses (incl  food, vet, and training)  any help is greatly appreciated!!!"
wedding planning    i need serious help 
hates riding in the heat   everyone is grumpy (especially the horse)!
worked 7 to 830 then goes back at 140   oh joy!
leaving for work    loving my kids this year!
planning a may wedding and searching for a condo townhome house   please let me know of any in the orange country area!
needs a break   is it friday yet?
does anyone know how to categorize music?  i have 20 songs and 20 categories   holy jeez!
so bored i just created my family tree to the best of my knowledge   someone save me   
going to make some cookies since i have nothing better to do   
"dinner out with mom, grandma, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> for my birthday   hope it's fun!"
thank you all for the birthday wishes!  you made it extra special!
got my wedding dress yesterday!
just got home from scottsdale   tired and tired!
waiting for my fiance to get his butt over to my house so we can go for a walk before going to check out an apartment
picked up my dress yesterday!
people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness; they are not looking for a cure    only acceptance  ninety-three percent of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour? special education week: march 22nd to the    26th  please post this 
stuck at the house while the contractors destroy the bathroom   it's loud and obnoxious and i can't wait to go to work!
hates working the morning shift when the hubby to be works the afternoon evening shift   what to do on a <propfemale> tuesday afternoon?
had the field trip from h-e-double hockey sticks (i work with kids  laugh ) to <propfirst>'s incredible pizza   you would think that having so many people there normally they could at least try pretend to handle 6 sites with at least 60 kids plus staff   they had no clue what they were doing!!!  sorry to anyone who works there or knows someone who works there 
"going to be on my own all weekend   if anyone wants to do something, send me a message or give me a call "
work then a crime in stereo concert tonight at chain   need to take a nap around 6 to be up by 6 tomorrow   sad 
father-in-law birthday bash today!
frustrated with apartments 
is it asking a lot for people to be supportive of your decision to get married?
one more class monday night to do my midterm and at the three week countdown to the wedding   can time go much slower?
"final done las night, hair trial done today, 18 days   "
guess who has a marriage license?!?!?!
"i'm going crazy waiting for the next 11 days to be over   seems so slow, but then i don't have enough hours in the day!"
there are now only 7 days until <propfirst> and i get married 
5 days til i become <propfemale> mcguinness-vasquez 
"just had a massage   i highly recommend <propfirst>, but i also told him he needs to be charging $150 per hour "
hate packing    especially when you have to pack your whole room and you haven't moved in 15 or so years   so much junk!
final countdown    tomorrow is the wedding day!
finished our stay in big bear and now sitting in the cabin in idyllwild 
finished week 1 of summer with the kids   so crazy working 40 hours a week with 80 screaming children  get one more day off before two 9 hour work days 
has a week off to do as i please!
excited for <propfirst>'s baby shower today   hooray for baby girls!
work in 20 minutes    this is the last week of summer tlc and i can't wait to go back to my school!
need something to do tonight?  happy hour at bj's!  be there (at 10ish) or be square 
"has a week off before i go back to work   free saturday through tuesday, but wednesday i leave for mammoth and yosemite "
going to the stone brewing company in san <propmale> today (thought <propmale> <propmale> would like this since he's got his arrogant bastard for the game) 
"first day of school today   worked this morning with only a few of my kids, but very excited for this afternoon   hooray!"
i like it on the kitchen table 
i want it to rain today but i hate being stuck in the portables with 60+ screaming children   such a dilemma   
just rain already   that way i can wear my rainboots to work!
ok so i asked for rain but didn't really want thunder   my car alarm has gone off 3 times since 6 smile 0 am and my dog freaks out with the booms   good grief!
i need some help on where to go for vacation   <propfirst> and i want to go somewhere in early january   we have airline <propmale> so that shouldn't be a problem and have been offered <propmale> points for a hotel   but where to go?
"i sometimes feel like nothing i do is ever right or good enough to certain people   it doesn't matter if it wasn't my fault, i still get blamed   a change is needed and it is not on my end "
"cooking, cleaning, and about to some some cupcakes "
cupcakes in the oven and now on to pumpkin seeds   oh how i love halloween!
going on vacation next week for three days but we have no idear where   would like to drive somewhere in california or nearby   any recommendations?
about to have kogi for the first time in rsm  korean barbeque tacos and some great quesadillas    yes please!
excited for my san <propmale> trip with <propfirst>   staying at the keating and going to the zoo safari park (formerly wild animal park)   good times!
why oh why do i have to work this week?  i ask for three measly days off and they send me to a different school where none of my staff or kids are 
finally i have four days off for thanksgiving and shopping  working on cooking our first thanksgiving dinner since we got elected to  pray for us!
"girls night tonight!  going to see burlesque, should be fun!"
it's our six month anniversary today   my how the time has flown    especially when you're having a blast!
"change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character of your\childhood the goal: to not see a human face on facebook until monday\the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse and invite your\friends to do so "
laundry day!  then finish wrapping christmas presents and    a wedding at <propfemale> cathedral 
i hate work when it's raining   kids cramped into portables with the smell of wet children 
thank you all for the birthday wishes   i had a great day spending time with my husband and later with my friends 
"first day back to work and it's already raining  oh well, just means today will be a movie day "
just finished booking hotels for our vegas arizona trip   i am so excited to have a break and see some family 
hanging out at <propfemale>'s new apartment in anaheim 
at a strong beer fest in phoenix in the pouring rain  thank god for tents!
ducks game tonight section 211 row h   woohoo!!!
would anyone like to go to a ducks game this wednesday? i want to get tickets but also wanted to see if anyone would want to join us 
