4f25fc394762806d878810bb799c5df0
need to focus more on myself then others!
i can't wait for the new day to start   i have so much to do that i just want to get it done and over with   
eating a popcicle and mrssing around on facebook and myspace   
it would be weird to have the name <propfemale>!!
today is looking up for me   i feel great and hopefully the feeling will last through out the day!  i miss my sis and my kids   at least my sis will be home tomorrow   i can't wait!
want to make new friends so if anyone wants to talk hit me up!
saddend by the fact that this month is the aniversary of two of my friends passing and my wedding aniverery(i am divorced by the way)  i am very depressed and can't do anything to get out of it!  help!!!
doing better since i talked w my sis about everything!  i love her sooo much!!
my baby girl called me today!! i love it when she does that!!
glad to have the friends and family that i have   i hope to make some new friends to add to my life   once u r in i will do anything for u   
i am soooooooooooooo bored!!!!!!!
i need to stop being so anxious so that i can go to bed!!!!
sometimes people can't work because of injuries or diabilities   then i think it is right   
i want to take a nap    
wish that i could have talked to my kids today   they were camping   what fun!!  i miss being able to do that!
praying for my sister!  i don't want to loose her!!
just waking up to a nice hot cup of <propfirst>!
i need a vacation!!!
miss my zaki   i miss talking to him   
should i get my hair cut in an a line cut where it is really shotr in the back and longer in the front?
i hate that i feel like everyone is against me and me getting better   i just need a little help now and then!
wish that i was normal and didn't have the feelings that i have about myself and my surroundings and my family   
i think that fathers that take the mothers of their children away from them are loosers and cowards   they don't have the best interest of the kids invilved and are selfish   my ex husband just wants pitty and for people to think that i am a bad person  screw him  he is the one that needs help and so does his family!!
i hate men right now   all i want is one to let me know that they r not all loosers   is that too much to ask!!!
i think that i am going to try to find a nice girlfrend instead of a guy   mybe it will be better!
"<propmale> is an evil, evil man   "
i have a better outlook on life today   i will not let my ex bring me down and i will start to be me again or at least try to find out what that is now   i really miss being me!!
what the hell did i do to worrent people not liking me or wanting to be my friend anymore?  i understand my ex and his family but why?
what did i do to make people not want to be my friend anymore?  i understand my ex's family but why others?
scared for my sister   i need my friends to pray for her!
my sister is so ungreatful for what is being done for her   she didn't realize shit when whe weht to the er   she will be back to her old self soon!!
i love my parents  they are the best and support me in me getting better so that i can get my kids back!
very depressed today   i miss my old life so much and i wish that i was better and normal again   i hate this!
misssing my freinds someithing bad!!  i wish i wasn't so far away!!
my ex finally is letting me talk to my kids but i can't keep doing this back and for th shit!
glad that i got to talk to my kids last night!! i miss them so very much but i am planning a trip there next year   i can't wait! smile 
i just got the worst feeling in the world   i am the mom and no one can take that away from me!  those kids r mine just as much as rons!
go cardnials!!
i think i might have found a guy that might be worth it!!
really want my crush to like me and not be an ass like so many others!!
wounded from all of the crap that has been said about me by my ex husband   he has no idea how much words hurt   i lost a lot of people i thought were my friends   i am sooo lonely here!! sad 
really would like to find someone that i can <propfemale> out with and maybe even have a relationship with!!
this is the worst time of year for me   my kids r so far away and i hate it   the holiday season is supposed to be a happy one   not for me sad 
found my <propfemale> in the rough!
right now i really dislike men   got stood up on a date and it really hurts me!
well things r looking up again   maybe i have too big a heart but i am meeting him tomorrow for a date  i hope it works out!!
if anyone knows how i can get a hold of <propmale> hingle from roseburg or umpqua oregon let me know   i miss him and want to talk to him!
it looks like i might be having a hysterectamy   what fun!!  i just want all this pain to go away   it has been months since i have felt good   
can't wait to meet the one!!  i thought that i had it once but i was wrong   trial and error seems to be the key   i know whoever it is is worth waiting for!!
i can't wait to see my babies   i miss them soooo very much   it has almost been two years now   way too long!!
i know who is the bitch that called cps on me a couple years ago   u will definatly get what is coming to u u f-ing bitch!!!
happy 29th birthday to me today!!  all alone though! sad 
i love my kids and i can't wait to see them   soon but not soon enough   i wish that i didn't have to go another christmas without them!!
wondering where i am going to be this year   lots to think about and lots to accomplish!! thank god i have a great friend here to help me through it all!!
can't wait to go to roseburg to see my kids and my friends   it has been too long  i may not want to leave!!
some people don't realize that their lives are just as bad as mine if not worse before they talk shit about me!!  it amazes me!!
i love my friends!!!
sometimes things happen for a reason and it is great when that reason bites u in the ass   i love my friends and can't wait to see them!!
wondering if i will ever find a person that is right for me   a kind harted person w a sense of humor and that isn't possesive   maybe its impossible but i can still dream!!
can't wait for super bowl!! go saints!!   wink 
people never watch the super bowl for the football   they watch it for the commercials!! the rock!
no more drama please!!  i am not here to start a relationship with anyone unless it is a friendship   
know someone that writes songs 4 test tube jesus   
looking 4 a car under $1000   no red!!  if u know of any let me know!!
life is getting better for me   things seem to be going my way 4 the time being   i love when that happens!!
can't wait to go to oregon   am excited to see my kids and my friends   am making new friends here in az and lovin it   i need human interaction   i forgot ow much i like to be around others!!
happy that my life is finally going in the right direction   i am meeting new friends and it is great   i miss my old friends but i have to do something while i am in arizona   my son will be 3 on tuesday and my daughter will be 5 on easter   i can't beleive this is my last year being in my 20's   how sad   getting to old too fast   
i am excited that at the fact that my life is getting better and i love it!!! i still really miss my kids but all that i am doing right now is for my kids   i need to get into a great place so that they can get the care from me that they deserve!!  they are wonderful kids!!  smile 
everyone needs to try social city   it's a lot of fun   add me if u do!!  smile 
my little ones r growing up without me around and it kills me   my son turned 3 yesterday and my daughter turns 5 on easter   it kills me that i can't be there!
my daughter sophias 5 th b day tomorrow   i can't wait to see my babies in june!!
happy birthday to my little girl sophia   she is 5 today at 10:11 pm tonight to be exact!  smile 
please send me stuff for farmville   i need stuff to finish my buildings please!!
everyone join social city and add me as a nieghbor!!  loads of fun!!!
my sister is out of my life now   i am not going to take anymore of her shit anymore!!  she treats my parents like shit and calls me every name under the sun   screw her   
i have a crush on a guy   he is sweet and cute   he might be a little young but thats ok   i haven't fellt like this in a very long time   i love it!  i am just out to have some fun   i think i deserve it!  smile 
my friends!!!!!  please join social city and then add me as a friend!!  it is a lot of fun!!!! i need u guys!!
everyone please add social city and then add me as a neighbor!!  please   its a lot of fun!!
please add social citty and then add me as ur neighbor please!!
i don't know if i want to do this dating thing   my feelings get hurt too easy   i think that i am too sensetive and need to get over it but i can't help it   i am lonely and want someone to care about me more then just a friend   i need it!!
maybe i shouldnt give up on love just yet!!
"i am so confused   i am going to go to oregon in june and i don't want to  i mean, i want to see my kids and my friends but for some reason i really don't want to go   i am affraid of being back in the burg    really don't want to see my ex or his family and all of th e other people there  that think that i am crazy   i just can't help the way i feel   i know that i am not going to want to leave "
f-ing hate being betrayed   that that was all over with   guess not
i am done with everyone now   can't trust anyone   have to start fresh   
wondering how i got so lucky with the situation that i am in right now   some may say that it is not good but it is a deffinate improvemnt from 2 years ago   i love my life here in az   just need my old friends and my kids and it would be complete!!!
i really wish that my ex would send me some good pics of my kids!!  thanks <propfemale> for posting some!! they r great   i don't think he understands that i miss them and want to see them!
why can't i get a break frm the drama in oregon?! it is wearing me down pretty thin!  i hate oregn!
wish that all the drama that is in oregon would go away   i know that it is impossible but a girl can wish!!  i just want to have a life here in az that i can be proud of   and thanks to all of my new friends here for helping me out with that!!  smile 
woke up late and lovin it! i needed it bad!
someone is going to get his balls cut off and thrown in a blender   some men are such pigs and need to be put away or put down to protect our society of little ones   
wondering if its all worth it   feeling this way is not healthy 
loosing the battle for a complete and full life 
i am sooooo lonely!! i need to feel special and needed and i want to be with someone that i can have fun with   that is what i am wishing 4 right now   
what a day   thanks to a certain person at <propmale> that told me happy mothers day first!!  u r a great guy!!  hope we can become friends!
what a migrane!  cause of yesterday!  i'm  going to try to make it go away asap but i'm sure it will be around all day   
lonely   just want to find someone that will love me 4 me   
is there really anyone out there that i can have fun with and tell my feelings to and care for with out boundries?  is there such a person left?
i was supposed to talk to my kids on skype but my dad deleted it and i can't get it to download right   i'm a really pissed right now!
sick as shit and i have a biopsy tomorrow   what fun!!!  i just can't wait to get back to work and my normal life again!!  i really do love my job!
just got done w my biopsy   really tired and out of it   going to take my pain meds and take a nap
"<propfemale> ericson needs our prayers for a fb friend'sdaughter  keep audrin <propmale> and her family in prayer today  her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you seethis post, even if you don't know her, god knows   please post this to yourprofile for one hour and say a prayer for that little girl  "
am i too forward for guys?  do i scare them or something?!  wtf   i would love to have a relationship w a nice guy close by that i can give all the love i have in my heart 
"worried about my mom   hope she is ok   may have to have surgery!!  i don\t like that!!  will find out more on thursday!"""
i can't beleive how much my son looks like my dad when he was younger!!  the kirschenmann <propfirst> is strong in that one!! lol
alive again i feel   trying something that will change my life forever   i have faith that it will be for the better   i already feel great about the decision!
i'm done talking w everyone and anyone   no good ever comes w it and no one understands my thoughts and actions   i'm done   just going to keep quiet i guess 
"doing better today   trying to figure out who my \yrue\"" friends r   i really want some here in az to <propfemale> out w and go to clubs bars w   """
when i look into the past i get sad escpecially when i see all the events and pics of my kids doing things that i never got to be apart of   i know that all i can do is look forward and remember that i am a better person now and what ia <propfemale> doing now is all for them   but my heart still hurts   it always will    
"im sorry to all of the people that i hurt and made think that i haven't changed   i really am trying   i know that sometimes it may not show it but i am   i dont want to be like this   i want a normal lif (well, as normal as possible i guess)   please accept my appoligizes"
25 more days until i'll be in oregon and 27 more days until i get to see my babies!!!!!!!!  i'm soooooooooooo excited!!!! can u tell!!!
my beautiful baby girl!!  she is still such a ham!!
glad my sissy added me   miss her and will always love her   no matter how much of a pain in the ass she is!! lol wink 
surgery tomorrw at 8 am   what fun!!!  not!!
25 more days until i see my kids   23 days until im in oregon   the count down has started!!
"i wish the best to <propfirst>   a man that is a very caring, loving man that likes everyone and everyone likes him   i hope that this year gets easier and that at the end, everyone that knows <propfirst> will remember him as a man of great wisdom, of great spirit, and of just being an all around great person   i love u <propfirst> and sherrel   i hope that u both have not forgotten that   i really wish the best for your whole family "
"it's <propfirst>'s birthday!!  happy birthday!!   man, your getting old!! lol says the chicks that's almost 30! lol   "
in soooooo much pain from my surgery! it has been hours but the pills r finally kicking in   this really sucks!
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 1160904385"
tired and sore today   i guess that is to be e playful ected   ordered some movies online today   i hope they get here before my trip to or   can't wait to see everyone!!
i may be unperfect in many ways; i may not always know how to e playful ress myself in the right way; i may get upset at the dumbest things at times; i may not be the most attractive girl out there; but i know that i try to be true to myself and try to be the person that i think is right for me   i think that is all that anyone can ask of themselves because no one is perfect 
@ the er   what fun! not!  still have a lot of pain from my surgery   this really sucks!
the er sucked   got poked and proded   uti and some residuale pain from my surgery   have to take it easy this weekend   i really hate being a woman!!
in a lot of pain   this really sucks!!!  it hurts to do anything!!! wtf!!!!
what cell phone carrier does everyone have and do u like it?  thinking about switching and want to see who is the most popular 
back @ the er   sick as shit!  i really hate this!
feeling like shit today again!  i can't wait to feel better   boss not too happy with it all but what am i going to do?  i can barely take a shower let a lone stand for 6 hours!
why is being a lone so hard?  u would think that i would be used to it by now but i miss being loved and loving someone else in return   when am i going to be apart of something special again?
about a week and i will be in oregon   i can't wait to see my kids!  its been too long since i've seen them   i just hpe it doesn't rain while i'm there!
anybody that hasn't seen shutter island should see it   i personally can't see it again cause it hate way to close to home for me   i can't even have it my house   but it really is a great movie   check it out!
no more <propmale> for me   
my phone # is changing   message me if u want my new one
watching the orphin   makes u think twice about adopting lder children!!  not bad of a movie though
if u could meet 1 celebrity who would it be and why   
6 more days and i'll be in oregon and 8 more until i see my kids for the first time on over 2 years!! sooooo excited!!
i am sellin a almost brand new blackbery curve for $250 obo   don't be shy and negotiate with me   i have everything it came with and there r no scratches or dings in it   it is black in color   message me if u r interested and want more info   
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 1160904385"
i still have my blackberry 4 sale if anyone is interested   
leaving on friday to go to oregon   get to see my kids on sunday afternoon   soooo excited   i hope everything goes well   i am looking forward to that first hug from my kids!!
leaving 4 oregon tomorrow morning!! can't wait!  talk to ya'll when i get back!!
off 2 the airport for oregon   can't wait to get there   it's going to be a long day!!
i'm in roseburg now   if anyone wants to get a hold of me text me   480-246-4316   i want to see everyone!
got to see my kids for the first ime in 2 years   it was great!!  they have gotten sooooo big!!  i can't wait to spend more time w them this week!!
had a great day with my kids   it has been great to see them!!  they just left but i miss them already!!!  i love them sooo much! i love being a mom!! it is the best feeling in the world!  thanks <propmale> 4 letting me be one for a bit!! it means the world 2 me!
just saw my kids for the last time until next year!!  really sucks but i am glad that i got to see them!!  i had fun!  pics when i get home on saturday   
home sweet home!!  i really missed it here!  i do miss my kids already though!! but glad to be home!
still have my blackerry curve smartphone 4 sale   lowered it to $200   anyone interested hit me up please!
who ever said that it is better to have loved then to have never loved at all must have been on crack when they said it!!
congradulations to my cousin stenen and his wife <propfirst> on there new addition   preston <propfirst> kirchenmann!! he was born last night around 5:20 pm!!  i am so excited for them   love u guys! can't wait to see u all!
i love the pic of my daughter that is my profile pic   such beautiful eyes!!
going to watch a movie w my sis and her puppy cain in my bed and bs for awhile   i can't wait!!it has been for ever since we have done this!! i love it!!
i guess i just need to learn that no matter what i want there will always be conflict w some people   i hate it but it is reality   
glad to know that i have friends here that want me to stay in az   it was nice seeing u <propfirst>!! i'm glad to be accepted here   makes it feel more like home!!  thanks guys   u know who u r!!  smile 
watching scary movies w no one to cuddle w   lonely and creepy at the sametime   
i have been here in az for over two years now and have not met anyone that wants anything to do with me as far as a relationship or anything remotely like it   what am i doing wrong?  am i too old? r my dating years over and i am destined to be alone for the rest of my life?  all i want is someone to cuddle w and love   is that too much to ask for?!
i am glad that my kids r having fun camping with their family   wish i could be there but i am just glad that they r happy   it always makes my day when they r!
happy 4th to everyone!  be safe and have a good time!!
have i found the one that i finally want to be with?  stay tuned and we will see what happens!!  smile 
so proud of my sis!!!! love u always!!  go navy!!!
i hate that one little thing will ruin my day and make it hard to think! i just need to breath and take it 4 what it is   nothing   
everytime he talks to me i smile   his kind words and generous attitude is exactly what i need in my life!
finally i am happy and it feels so good!! thanks sweety!  smile   u make my day everyday!
i hope this feeling never goes away!!  i am happier then i have ever been and it is so wonderful!! i'm glad i found him in what is a sea of losers!! he is the best!
another happy day because of u   i can't beleive how much i like u but it definatly feels right!!
why is it that stupid fucking people get into my business and think they have the right to put me down and make me feel like the worst person ever?  like they have never made mistakes in their lives!!
"leave me alone, you fucking crazy family!!  u guys r crazier then me!!  thet me alone!!! i have done nothing to ur family so get over what happened in the past!!"
"finally some peace!!  if anyone has a problem with me and what happened a long time ago, don't comment on it!! it's over and in the past and i am trying to move on with my life!!"
i am wondering if i am destined to be alone or is it all just in my mind   
i need more friends and energy on frontierville    help!!
"in loving memory\of every cancer patient, family member or friend who has lost the\battle with cancer and in honor of the ones who continue to conquer it!\put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had\cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
"my dad asked me if i wanted to go to the movies w him and i said no   because i am loanely and i want to be with my friends   i don't really know how that is logical but it is in my head   i could have spent time w my dad but instead i am going to do what?  sit on my ass and read or watch tv, waiting 4 my friends to call or text?   it ain't going to happen and i am ruining my own life in the process"
standing in the rain   getting soaked   watching the lightning   listening to the thunder   there's nothing like an az thunderstorm!!!  i love it!!!
wow!!  i hate that my kids r where they r! they r healthy and seem happy but some of the things that r done i don't approve of! and i have to steel pics just so that i can see my kids!!  wtf!!  they r making a big mistake!  <propfemale> is a bitch!!
thanks <propfirst> for the little time out!! i had fun even if we didn't do too much!! we definatlly need to do it again!!  smile 
"let's\see who is paying attention  every single one of you on my friends' \list, are a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there i am not \only glad to count you as friends, but also as family  let's see who on \my friends' list actually pays attention  copy and paste this as your   \          status  i'll be watchin' "
how frustrating is it not to be able to talk to my kids!! i hate it!! i miss them sooo much and i look forward to the few minutes that i get to talk to them   more then half the time <propmale> has some excuse and i don't get to talk to them for a week or more!! wtf!! i miss them sooo much!!i wish that i could hold them and tell them how much i love them!  i may not be the best mom but i love my kids unconditionaly!
need a job   anyone have any ideas?
is it too much to ask to have a nice respectable guy in my life that likes me for me?  i want someone that i can date here in az that isn't a conceded jerk!! do they still exsist?!
"if\you have a mom who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you \tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you \strong     remember--mom's are a promise from god that you will have a \friend forever!!!! i love my mom!!!!! put this as your status if \   you    love your mom "
thanks <propmale> for the wonderful time! i can't wait for more to come!  smile 
ready to go play!  wink  hahahah
i am so done with the crap that i have to deal with on a daily basis!! it's bad when ur own family doesn't want to or care to understand what is wrong   i don't know what to do anymore   
thank u <propmale> for a great day!! i hope we have many more to come! smile 
things r looking up 4 me!!! i love it!!!
had the best day i have had in years!!! i think i have finally found my happy place!!  smile 
my days just kept getting better and better!! if that is even possible!!! i am soooooooo happy it should be illegal!  smile 
"what a wonderful day yesterday, last night was even better!! can't wait to do it again!!  smile "
deeper and deeper i go and i hope that it never ends   i hope only good things from now on! one can hope can't they?!
what to do   just about everything is hitting me at once and i am not sure how to deal   at least i have a very important person in my life right now to help me out   one of the best persons i know by far!! ur stuck w me now!  smile 
i screwed up last night and now i am paying the price   i deserve my punishment but i hope i didn't ruin the best thing to come into my life in a very long time  sad 
thank u soooo much for giving me another chance   i feel sooo happy right now and i never want it to stop!!  smile 
i always thought that i would be alone forever but now i am not so sure   i feel so happy and complete after so many years of being dicarded   thank u andy   u will always meen the world to me no matter what happens   i am glad that our paths crossed    smile 
it is storming hard out right now!! i love it   my dad got called out to work but he's making bank! i love arizona storms!!!!
anyone know if chayla willsons site is still up?  i really just want to see pics of her cause i miss her a lot right now   
does anyone remember what my old number was?
every woman deserves to feel as good as i do!! i have such a wonderful caring boyfriend and everytime i c him i fall for him even more   i couldn't imagine my life without him right now! he has shown me what it is like to be cared for unconditionally!! it's amazing!!
love my new phone  its nice 2 be able to go on the internet w my phone again and its sooo cheap smile 
got a new phone and number   anyone that didn't get it last night and wants it message me and i will give it 2 u   
"i loved you the minute i knew i was pregnant  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love even more  you were only a minute old, but i knew i would die for you & to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body  put this on your status, if you have a child you love more than life  ?"
yesterday my papa was dead 4 22 years   i miss u papa and will always love u!! i wish that my kids had a <propmale> to meet u! u were a great man!! love u!! r i p papa!
"may not be the most beautiful,or the sexiest,nor do i have the perfect body i might not be everyone's first choice, but i'm a great choice i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm good at being me i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, but i'm proud of who i am today take me as i    am or watch me as i walk away!post if you're proud of being u!"
went to the er last night   i hate doing there   now i have a really big painful bruise on my arm from where they tried to take blood from   what fun!! at least i wasnt the kid next to me   he swallowed a nickle! thats gonna feel good comming out! lol
"i feel not right today   i feel depressed, angry, hurt   i hate it!! i hope that i can make it all better as the day goes on   we will see   "
sometimes all u need is a great friend to talk 2 and it makes it all better!
what a day! i have now really realized that nothing is perminent so <propfemale> every moment w the ones u love and care about 
it is really sad that i have 2 beg 4 pics of my kids and never get any! its just not fair!
its amazing that when u least e playful ect it someone that u thought that u had lost years ago pops back into ur life!! i love u <propfemale>!!
anyone know where i can get the pic of lady gaga that is my profile pic? i have looked everywhere!!!!
i fake a smile to hide my tears and pain inside 
i want nothing more in this world then to hold my kids in my arms and tell them how much i love them! the sad part is that i dont know when that is going 2 happen   
anyone have any good ideas what to do saturday without spending a lot of money? preferably in or around <propmale>   
im very proud of my sis   she is such a wonderful person and deserves the best! she the best sis and a great auntie   i love u and support u through it all no matter what kind of fights we get in! love ya sis!!
i am confused at what to do   do i keep the feelings that i have or do i let them go?  i dont want to feel like this if it is all for nothing   what to do   
yeah!! ducks won!!! go cards today against the raiders!!
cards won but there were some bs calls   raiders should have won but oh well  they suck anywys so they r used 2 it!!
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you"
i learned a lot last night   about myself and what i need to do 2 be a productive member of society   i have someone in my life whom i care deeply 4 and will support no matter what   he has helped me so much i dont know how to repay him but i will spend forever trying!
i am affraid that i might loose the one person that is helping me the most! i am trying to make sure that doesnt happen!!
he is the one that makes me happy; he supports me and cares 4 me; he doesnt put me down or judge me 4 my past; i will be forever greatfull for meeting him and for him coming into my life when he did!!
need 2 get a job and a place of my own   its just taking 2 long!
signing up 4 school soon!! cant wait!!
gonna take the placement tests 4 college on monday!! cant wait! gonna study hard this weekend in math cause i have no idea what i am doing!! thank god i have <propmale> to help me!!
have my college placement tests on monday and an interview at macys on thursday!! i hope both go well!! i cant wait!!
i took a practice test today and failed miserablly so i am going to take the placement tests on next monday   give me time to study a little more!
have 2 be the strong 1 again and push all of my worries aside   but its ok   thats what im here 4   
i can't believe that it hailed here!! never seen that in az before!! it was crazy <propfemale> here!! powere went out a few times!! i love it!!
i am trying so hard 2 be strong and do the right thing 4 myself   i just wish life would give me 1 break!
im supposed 2 be strong   the 1 that people cna talk 2 and give advice   im not the 1 whos supposed 2 be freaking out and crying   i shouls be the 1 to help others   this is deffinatly at test on how strong i am   
sometimes things happen and u don't know why but i strongly believe that they happen for a reason   a lot is going on w me and sometimes i wounder if it will ever end but i always remember when i first got to az and thought things were hopeless   everything will eventually workout   i just wish it was sooner then later!
had a wonderful day out with a h  and it was great! he actually went along with me without complaining through the mall!! he is so great!! i hope he stays!!
ing shopping w my mom and then going to spend the rest of my day with 1 of my favorite people!!
lost my ass at hearts    but i didnt do 2 bad 4 my first time playing!
i am in desperate need of a job   if anyone knows of any place that is hiring let me know!! please!!!
"its mommy week   post this with the date you first became a mommy   10:11pm april 4th, 2005    "
"its funny how a mom will not forget the date, time and weight of their baby but can't remember what they went to the store for once they get there! lol  smile "
love the rain in az   nothing like it!
interview tomorrow and then one on monday and also one on the 2nd of november! i hope 1 of them pans out!! i need a job bad!!
wow!!! i am missing my babies bad!!!!
i have kind of excepted that there is a <propmale> that i will be by myself for the rest of my life   but thats ok   i think i can do it and i am willing to try   
i have learned that i am strong enough to become what i want and do what i desire   it may take some time and work but thats ok   anything worth while doesn't just fall into ur lap   u have 2 work 4 it!!
i am very happy that a friend of mine and my sis got a job today but i am jealous at the same time!! i really need to work!!!
i have an interview tomorrow   hope it works out   its only seaional part time but i will take anything right now!  smile 
work is finally here for me!! i cant wait to start!!
interview time!! wish me luck on this one!!  smile 
wrok is now offically on my schedule again!! yea!!!  smile 
i am hoping for some great things to be happening soon   i am trying not to get my hopes up to high but i am hoping for the best!
was in a crappy mood all day but i have to get out of that!! does me no good!! and its such a beautiful day here in the az!
sometimesnit takes almost or just plain loosing someone 2 realize what needs 2 be done! i hope its not over!! i know i can change and b the great person i know i am! i just need a <propmale> 2 do so!
i am hoping for the best but preparing myself for the worst   its all i can do right now   
i have learned a valuable lesson   never ever take what u have 4 granted cause it can b gone in a flash!
please add me as friend on fishville!!!!!!!
finally going to go take my college placement tests!! wish me luck!!
almost tested out of one english class and got into honors english in the other!!! i totally bombed math but i e playful ected that!! gonna sign up 4 classes this week!!!
almost all signed up for college   taking 4 classes which is 12 credits   its a lot but i can do it!! i cant wait to start!!
heading to the car show in mesa this afternoon   hope 2 see some of u there!!
almost 30! where did the time go! no more twenties! im gonna make my 30s the best time ever! so many goals i will accomplish!  smile 
mesa car show was great and i had the best company i could have asked 4!!!  smile 
its such a wonderful thing to talk to my girlfriends! it helps so very much esspecially when they understand! thank u <propfemale>!! love ya lots!  smile 
please add me as a friend to fishville!!!
so i cant sleep so i figured i would get some of my chores done early but i get yelled at 4 doing them    damed if i do and damed if i dont i guess   
"for my family and friends - every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer!"
what am i going 2 do now?!
i can already tell this is going to be a crappy birthday   
anyone know the name of the roseburg pd officer that was killed yesterday?
day after tomorrow and i will be 30!! wtf!! getting old   i know im gonna get slapped 4 that comment smile 
soooo cant wait 4 the new twilight!! im not a total fanatic about the movies but i really loved the last one and am excited to see the next!! might even go to the theater to see it!!  smile   saw the trailer on youtube!
time 2 wrap presents and put up x mas decoration!
what do u guys think about me majoring in business?  right or wrong?  let me know   
"if today is was any indication of what tomorrow is going to be like, im gonna have a shitty birthday  sad "
i can already tell today is going to suck!! i really hope it turns around cause its my birthday and i would like to have a good one!
heading out w one of my best friends!! cant wait!!  smile 
lost 13 pounds so far! yea for me!
check out the photos of my kids and vote 4 me so i can win money for college!!
my best frined is going back to california tomorrow   i am going to miss him very much! he has helped me in so many ways and i hope to see him sooner then later!
"to all my facebook friends !!! will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his familyabout"
very sad today!! i miss one of my best friends!! i know it is all for the best but it still doesnt make it hurt any less sad 
"need a job!! anyone know of 1 in the chandler, tempe, mesa area?"
wtf!!!!! today keeps getting better and better!!! f@%* ing mondays!!!
i have just been hit by a billion things and i am stressing bad!!! im so frusterated i want to scream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg!!! my mind is so fried i dont know which way is up! i havent slept and have been having nightmares everynight!! when will it stop!?
i am hoping and praying that everything goes as planned today and i will soon be moving on w my life!!! please let something go right for me!!!!!
not knowing is the worst i think! come on monday!!  maybe if i got some sleep it wouldnt b so bad!
a girls night out tomorrow!! havent had one of those in forever!! sooooo excited!!
hitting the town tonight w an old friend!!! gonna be great times!!!!  starting my 30's off w a bang!!!  smile 
had a blast last night w <propfemale>!! got home late and i cant wait to do it again!! thanku soooo much again <propfemale>!!  smile 
so my phone is all messed up right now and i cant receive calls or texts   wont be able to get it fixed until friday so if you need to get a hold of me us facebook or my email   
yea! my phone is working again so i can receive calls and texts!
"some of u may wonder why i have changed my name on facebook   well, i dont like the name terwilliger cause i really dont want to be associated with them so i just put my maiden name in with it   im hoping to change it permanatly someday to something completely different   "
so what r some of everyones new years resolutions?
im more confused then ever right now!! i hate this!
anyone know of any jobs right now?  i need one desperatly!!!!!
this christmas is really going to suck   i cant wait until its over with   
"had soooo much fun last night!! <propfemale>, u made my x mas and my year sooo much better!!! i love hanging out w u!! we definatly need to do it again soon!!"
hope everyone has a great holiday!! im gonna try and make the best of mine and enjoy the family that i do have with me this year!
i think the best thing i got for christmas was a little video from my kids thanking me for their gifts! it was really good to see them!! i miss them soooo much and i wish that i could have seen them in person for the holidays but i'll take what i can get and that was great!!  smile 
whats up w this cold weather?! its almost like oregon! lol
i am soooo excited 4 tomorrow! i get to <propfemale> out with one of my besties of all time and no matter what we do i know we will have fun!! love ya abbs!!!
what was the best thing that u got for christmas everyone?
i am so blessed to have the friends that i have and i am glad that they r so understanding of what is going on right now   im gonna need all the support i can get!!  smile 
i really hopr the next year is better then this year was!! i had my good times this past year but i would really like things to work out for me!! gonna try and make it happen!!
sick as hell!! really wish this shit would go away!! ready to feel better so that i can focus on my life and what i am doing with it!!
waiting 4 the book stroe 2 open at the college so i can get my books 4 school   its like 34 degrees out here and theres this guy here listening 2 music and singing along and hes horrible! lol   and ive get about 1 hour before the book store opens! omg!
crazy shooting situation at the chandler mall by my house!! they had to evacuate the mall and the suspect is across from the mall at a small resturaunt holding up there!! been going on 4 about an hour now!!
pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment  they must in turn post this and send something they made to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011
what kind of laptop should i get and where would b the best place to get it?  need one for school which starts in about a week and a half   
soooo excited for the game tonight!! go ducks!!!!!
let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word & not copy 'cause that's no fun
i cant beleive the ducks lost last night!! by 3 points at the last 2 seconds!! oh well   at least they lost by a number 1 ranking team   
got to an earlier student orientation    here now intead of saturday     more time 2 play on saturday now  wink 
gonna have a great weekend!! im sooooo excited for everything!!
beautiful day at the track today!!!! cant beleive that its only january!!  smile 
i dont know if its the stress or what but i have dropped 3 pant sizes!!! and im still loosing!!
going to my bff's tonight!! i am soooo excited and i also get to see my friend <propmale> as well!! gonna be a great night and a great day tomorrow!!
another fun day at the track with my best peps!!! beautiful day   dont want to go home tonight but what am i gonna do!  lots of homework 2 do!
ok   so why is it that i am so lame and stupid about shit that i really have no control over?! i guess im just being a girl   i wish i had a button to stop me from over thinking things! it would make everything soooo much easier!!
so lost 30 pounds in a month and 30 more to go until i reach my goal!! maybe in another month i will reach it with the way things r going right now!! lol   
going out tonight to support a friend at a tranny beauty pagent! what a blast its going to be!!!! another beautiful day at the track as well! i love phoenix!!!!  esspecially my 2 best peeps!!! love u guys!!  smile 
wow!!!! what a week up north!!! had a blast!!!! had more fun then i have in a long time!!! getting the hell out of dodge and going to be w my peeps 4 good!! i cant wait!!!!!!
looking 4 a cheap good running car   under 1500   if u know of 1 let me know!
i have been feeling really down lately   i really hate feeling like this!! i just feel like i cant do anything right and i guess its catching up 2 me now   
i am so excited!! i got a car today!!! freedom!!!!!!!!!! cant wait to c my peeps on wednesday!! love u guys!! i got a car!!!!! sorry! im just soooo excited!! lol
trying 2 figure life out once again   the unknown is a scary place 2 b!   where do i go from here?
miss my peeps a lot!!!!! cant wait to see u 2 soon!!! it sucks being so far away!!  love u guys!!
please send out ur prayers to the swartz family   shawn is very sick and needs our prayers!! <propfemale> and <propfemale> are also struggling with his illness and need our prayers as well   i am always praying for them and would like for some of you to at least send one prayer to them!! they are good people that deserve health and happiness!! love you guys!!!  i am always here for you <propfemale>    for u and ur fam!!
so i keep loosing weight and im not even trying!! knida nice! im hoping that i will b able to actually wear a bathingsuit this summer!! i actually bought a small shirt the other day and it fit!! its nice that i am starting to look like i did before my kids!!  yeah!!!
my live will be changing really soon!! cant wait to see what the future brings!! im excited and scared all at the same time!!!
my life changed for the better today!!! im happy and apprihensive about things   i just cant wait to start my new life!!!
"i am starting to understand my way of life and wondering what is to come at the same time!! there have been signs everywhere lately that have me asking the question  \what now?\"""""
said goodby to something special    it will b ok but will take time!  thanks 4 everything!!
gonna c my peeps tomorrow!! have something very important to do!! cant wait to get it done and then have some fun!!
please send ur prayers to my best friend abby   her husband just had a double lung transplant today    hes doing good so far but will b in the hospital 4 about 1 month and then lots more recovery at home   please pray for a speedy recovery and that the transplant takes and <propfirst> is back 2 his wonderful self soon!!
gonna be a big change in my life soon! im excited and scared at the same time!! more excited though!!!
watching the oscars   so wonderful!!
selling my car   very sad   there goes my freedom!!  sad 
had someone look at my car today and said that he was going to buy my car   he had to get a radiator fan and his son so he could drive it home to scottsdale   well   he never showed back up or called   ill put it back on craigslist on thursday evening   so wanted it sold today!!!
well   i leave on the 24th of this month for cali   exciting and scary at the sametime!!  smile 
had a great time w my mom and sis today   dont get to <propfemale> w my sis very often and i leave on the 24th so i need to c my sis as much as i can!!
16 more days and i am moving 2 san fransico!! very exciting!!! gonna be a new chapter in my life!! hopefully a good one!  smile 
anyone know anything about whats happening on the oregon coast or the california coast?  any damage or anything?!!!!
anyone that can keep me updated about the tsunami and its effects on the west coast would be great!! im in az and am not getting too much info about it all!! curious about the california coast as well   have family and friends that live really close to the coast there   
i really cant wait to move to san fransico!! i am almost done packing and i didnt realize how much crap i actually had!! lol    everything is going to be great there!!  8 more days and i will be there!!
last week in arizona    gonna <propfemale> w my peeps till i leave and have some good times! excited 2 go but sad at the same time    its not good bye but see you later  smile 
having the best time w my peeps!!!! gonna miss them more then they know!!  sad  already do!! i love u guys!!!!!!! dont forget about me u 2!!!
not going to san fransico anymore   im more upset at the fact that i put my friends through shit then me not actully going   ill b making it up to them for awhile to come!!!  so   im here to stay in az now   
still in az   what a week!! such a rollercoaster!!!  it makes me not want to ever to date again!!! so hard and i am sick of being hurt!! cant take anymore of it!!
finally got to see some pics of my kids!! they r getting so big!!! the last time i saw them in person was last june so they have changed! and thank god my son looks like me!! lol    
wondering if it is really worth dating anymore   i am tired of getting hurt when i put my whole heart into something and i just end up getting burned in the end   dont get me wrong! i want to b w someone but maybe im just not dating material   
so my sons birthday is tomorrow and my daughters birthday is monday   last night my daughter told me that if i miss her party she wants to have a sleep over w me!! wow!!!! that was a stab in the heart! not doing to hot and tomorrow will probably b worse   wtf   
today is a sad day 4 me   my son turns 4 and i cant b there 2 c it!!!!
so whats everyone doing tonight?  smile  anything fun?
happy 4th birthday to my little man <propmale>!!! growing up 2 fast!!! love u baby!!
strawberry
so tomorrw is my daughters 6th birthday   happy and sad day for me    its sad cause i dont get to be there 4 her   its really hard 4 me!!  i miss my babies sooo much and every year it gets harder cause they r getting bigger   i just cant wait 4 the day that i can b there 4 them on days like this   they are my life and always will be!!!  no matter what people say!!!!
i love it when my sis is here!!! always cool to <propfemale> w her!!
"a wise woman once said       there comes a time in your life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right; pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is a part of life; getting back up is living  ~ re-post if you agree"
come join me on yahoo messager   is under heatherstone80@yahoo com
need a job bad!!!!!  anyone know of places that r hiring in the chandler area please let me know!!!
i cant believe that the soap opera that i have been watching 4 over 20 years is getting cancelled!!!!
so the new fast and the furious is coming out soon!! cant wait!! love that move!!! even named my son after vin diesals character <propmale> torreto!!! im a dork but i cant help it!! lol    
yay!!! date night 4 me!!!!!!!  so excited!!!!
had an amazing date last night!! it was really nice 2 go on a date with someone that i have a lot in common with   cant wait to see what comes next  smile 
"this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays, and 5 sundays this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on the chinese philosophy of feng shui  those who read and do not copy will be without money so lets all try our luck at this and see what happens  wink  we could all use a little good luck  i know i could certainly use some luck ?"
hell yay!!! i have a job interview tomorrow!!!!!  smile 
hell yay!!!! i got a job!!! finally!! lol   i start tomorrow!!!!
well   my first day back into the work force in forever!! cant wait!!!  smile 
my first day of work was great!! i love my new job!!!   smile 
i had the best present last night   i got to talk and see my babies on skype last night!!!! its been almost a year since i have seen them!!! that was the best feeling! <propfemale> and dom didnt understand it but <propfemale> was very excited! dom was a little shy but thats jus how he is!! i was just glad to see them!! thanx 2 my ex 4 letting it happen!!
worked w the owner today   he was cool   we got to listen to lady gaga and rhiannna and stuff like that while we worked today!! fun but tiring day   
heading to work soon   closing tonight  cant wait!!!
what a wonderful day at work!!! long day but cant wait 4 tomorrow!!!
what a day at work!!! long but good!! im glad that i love my job!!
being lonely sucks!!! i wish i had someone here that i could talk to and just be here with me!! sucks right now!!!
it was soooo cool to see my son on skype!! he never likes to be on camera!! we even played games!! i miss my babies soooooooo much!!!!!
have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour  i'm pretty sure i know the ones that will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour  to honor those who have fought or are fighting cancer and those who have lost the fight
"such wonderful news!!!!  i cant belive that he is finally dead!!  i cried tears of joy when i heard   i think we will all remember may 1, 2011 just like we remember september 11, 2001 as a monumetus day 4 our country   "
so im loosing my insurence which means i have to pay out of pocket 4 my meds!! plus i have another hurnia and my right shoulder is so messed up i can barely lift my arm above my head! not sure what im gonna do   plus there are people that owe me money and they are not paying up!! thats like an extra $450 all together frm both sources!!!!  could really use that right now!!!
"let's be clear on this: obama did not kill bin laden  an american soldier, who congress just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to pay, did  obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found him and took him out  this is not an obama victory, but an american victory!! repost if you agree!!!!"
gonna b a great week at work! lots of hours w good people!!  smile  todays my only short day out of 6 days of work   always have a great time at work  smile  glad i love my job   makes it soooo much easier!!lol
in honor of mother's day i'm trying to see how many of you are willing to put up a pic of your mom and keep it there till may 9  i did and so have several others  if you will and like this idea please re post this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb
what a great night at work last night!! going to work in a few   working w a good person today  smile   tryin my hardest to do my best!! gotta start living my life and stop f ing around!!!
everyone needs to come by the chandler mall and see me!!! i work at cellairis   i sell accesories for cell phones!! i know a lot of u have e playful encive phones so why not protect it!! come and see me and ill get u hooked up!! great deals and a great product!!!!
back to work 2day after only 1 day off   gonna b a good day!! remember  come visit me at the chandler mall!! at the kiosk by paridise bakery!!!!  smile 
happy mothers day to all the moms out there   i have to work all day but i hardly ever get or do anything 4 mothers day   i guess maybe its because i have never been a real mom   but i do hope that the great moms like my mom and the others that r close to me have a great one  smile   love u all!!
it was soooo cool   last night i was helping a customer who is a big lady gaga fan like me and she told me where to get the pic of lady gaga that i have been looking for 4 months!!!! sooooo excited!!  smile 
i am now more focused then ever!! i have gotten rid of people that were not good for me in my life   all the lies and never being there 4 me when i need them is no more   i feel good about my decision and look forward to what the future holds for me!  smile 
its funny how friends come about   sometimes they r people u never thought that u would have as friends but im glad to have them in my life now   no matter how they came about!!  smile 
was pleasently surprised when i saw a friend of mine i have not seen in awhile!! i love when that happens!! since i dont have many friends at all!!!
y is it that i dont get any say in stuff that drastically effects my home life!!!! gonna have to find another sactuarary!!!  great!!!!
everyone needs to come to the chandler mall and visit me at cellairis to buy some cell phone accessories!! im there frm 1 to 6 today!!! lots of choices!  smile 
"girlfriends are like underpants     some crawl up your ass   some snap under pressure    some don't have the strength to hold you up    some get a little twisted    some are your favorite    some are cheap and just plain nasty    and some actually do cover your ass when you need them too  smile \re-post for all the friends you have and love! they know who they are"
got 1 day off next week   tomorrow   then i start a 45 hr week!! doing a 12 hr dat on tues!! gonna be a long week!!
i had a bad day at work the other day and my man came frm phx at 10p to be w me!! hes such a wonderful guy!!  smile 
people need to come to cellairis at the chandler mall and buy some stuff frm me!!!!
"we all have at least 60 friends on facebook; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to, how many will actually be there for you? i can guarantee you, not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status  if you would be there for me, set this as your status & see how many of us will be there for you! (i just did it for one of my friends ) prove me wrong, friend   i know my friends will"
another day at work   im hoping its busier 2day! need 2 get my average up!  smile 
so i get to work 12 days straight   i dont get a day off till next sunday and i started my work week on tuesday    plus i work a 12 hr day on thursday   gonna be a long 2 weeks!!!
another 12hr day   only 4 more days after 2day and i get a day off!!!  come on sunday!!!  smile 
congrats to the graduates today!! wish i could be there 4 ya guys!! good luck and c u all this weekend at work!!!  smile 
does anyone know how to get cactus water on ranch town?
so everyone needs to come to the chandler mall today and visit cellairis!!! great deals and we got some new cases that are really cool!!! these deals are too good to pass up!!!!  smile  c everyone there!!!!!
"special needs kids are not sick or gross  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  is anyone willing to post this & leave it on your status for at least an hour? this is in honor of all children made in a unique way, weather they are with us or have gone on to heaven"
it is soooo nice to have 2 days off after working 12 days straight!! the good thing is though i love my job so it made it a lot easier!  smile 
so ready to go back to work tomorrow! gotta make some money!  smile 
time for some relax time!  smile   cant wait!!!
spuods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? o? ??s?d pu? ?do? s??? p??? u?? no? ?? '?sod ? ???? o? uo??u???? ??d spu???? ?? ?o ?u?? ?o?
i am sooooo tired!! 2 more days left of work left in this week and i have no idea what next week looks like!! not sure when ill b getting a day off!!
"i have been so lonely lately    i work in the mall and see all these couples and wish that i was in a relationship w a good guy! i had it once not too long ago and i totally screwed that up!! i was too into false \relationships friendships\"" 2 see what i really had!!!"""
yeah!!! a day off to relax   doing a double 2morrow   what fun!    lol   its all good though   making good money and every paycheck im closer 2 a car!!  smile 
i feel like crap today and i have a double to work   what fun!! sad 
"my letter is n annoyed something i like:nicatine\something i hate:nyquil\something i love:nymphomaniacs\something bad:nicholas cage\like this and ill send u a letter"
another day at work   i love my job but it will be nice once they hire a couple new people   we need the coverage!!
im sooo sad!! <propfirst> dunn frm jackass died in a car crash!!!!!!!
"i got the letter r\i hate radicals\i like rainbows\i love rain\i miss <propfirst> dunn\like my status and i'll give u a letter!!!!"
tomorrow and friday my phone will b off so if u need 2 get ahold of me use fb   it will b on 4 the rest of 2day though    talk w yall soon  smile 
so who has boost mobile and wha tis it like?  i am thinking about switching to them cause they have an android phone i want   
well   back 2 work after 2 days off   it was nice but i am actually excited to go back to work at my mall! prefer to work at chandler then superstition springs!!!!
missing my miss <propfemale>!!!! wish she could come to az and visit!!!!!!!!!!!
off to another day of work!! gonna be hot hot hot today and i have to ride the bike! good thing i get off at 2 today!!! thnx <propfirst>!!!  smile 
my grandma made it out of surgery ok   she is in icu right now but everything went well   thank god for that!!!
got a new phone   will text new number soon    other phone still works for now   
soooo pissed off!!! i got a brand new android phone last night and i hadn't had  it4 more then an hour and some asshole stole it!!!! wtf!!!! at least i should get my new one tomorrow   
"i don't care what you earn, where you live, what you drive, whether you're black or white, gay or straight, fat or thin, tall or short, beautiful or average, <propmale> or poor  if you're my friend, you're my friend  i accept you for who you are, and that's all that counts  if you feel the same   steal this status from me, your friend, like i just did from another friend  smile "
"have personal reasons for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour  i'm pretty sure i know the names of those who will  think of someone you know who has or has had cancer, or someone you lost from cancer  my wish is that in 2011 they will find a cure  please post this for one hour in honor of those who have fought or are fighting cancer  i hope to see it in your status"
so i cut like 6 inches off my hair! it looks good    cant wait 2 post pics  smile 
yay!! just got my new phone! ill b texting new # soon smile 
dust storm is crazy! its sooo <propfirst> out it looks like a snow storm   lol   
almost time to start work   doing a double today so im hopeing it will b busy so the day will go by faster   
i soooooo need a vacation from my life!!!!
anyone that wants my new phone number that doent already have it let me know   
abby: call me or text me 480-433-6759
?sn???s ?no? o? ??s?d pu? ?do? s??? p??? u?? no? ?? '?sod ? ???? o? uo??u???? ??d spu???? ?? ?o ?u?? ?oh
anyone that knows <propfemale> swartz can u please have her get a hold of me!!!!!!!!
someone upset me so bad at work today i was shaking and crying! i really hate rasist people that say horrible things!!!! i dont get it!!!!!!
i miss my old friends soooo much! i feel so lonely here! i try ro work lots to keep my mind off it and im starting school soon   hope that helpa  sad 
just watched the movie insisious   crazy movie! not as scary as i thought but very creepy!
words with friends calihdt   come play w me smile 
whats the best horror movie anyone has seen?
just saw the trailer for paranomal activity 3   cant wait to go c it! whos coming w me?  smile 
what a day at work!!! at least it was busy and i didnt have any angry customers!! lol   glad to b home and relaxing!!!
why am i the bad guy when im trying to protect myself and my fam! im done w the lies and protecting someone that doesnt want to even attempt to get help!  no more!
oh no    dads watching fox news!! time to go watch tv in my room!! lol   
miss my friends in oregon lots!! not liking az so much right now   
i need a change of scenary    i miss my kids a lot as well as my friends    what to do   hoping to get a car next month and then maybe it will be a lot easier! more e playful ensive but easier! lol   
"let's see who truly reads my status    you and i wake up in a police car handcuffed together  using three words only, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good friend and play along  (3 word limit is hard)"
august 11th az is gonna beat oakland's ass!!!!!!  smile 
so im gonna b looking at buying a car next month   anyone have any ideas?
im back to my old self again!! its great to b back again!!! i feel great and like i can take on anything!!!  smile 
crazy monsoon right now1 glad i made it home frm work defor it hit! people in az dont know how to drive in the rain   lol  
2 more days and i get a day off!!!! soooo excited!! 8 days straight really makes me want to not get out of bed at all on tuesday!!!
"my letter is p\likes playful eople\dislikes playful unks\girl playful aris\boy playful atton\like for your letter  smile "
really thinking a bf wouldnt b a bad thing right now  sad  kinda lonely!
im soooo done!!! as far as im conserned im an only child   
heading to work in a little while   gonna b an interesting day today to say the least!!!
so i will b buying a car here real soon and was wondering if anyone had any ideas or a car for sale   must run great!!!
yeah!!! my weekend has started!!!!
what movie should i buy today?  im gonna have a nice movie night by myself at home and need a new movie   what ya think?  smile 
my work week starts tomorrow morning and i start the new school semester next week!!! cant wait!! got my books today!!!!
got the management job! yay! i wont b in chandler anymore but thats ok   ill come and visit!  smile 
really sucks not having ac when its 110 out!!!!
another dust storm is apon us   and our ac ia working!
kat <propmale> was at the chandler mall last night and i missed it!!!
"? a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if it has been months (or even years) apart  they love you      for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are!!"
one more week and im manager at superstition springs!! soooo excited but sad to leave my friends at chandler  sad   britts awsome though!! she will do great!!!!!
i am looking to hire someone at cellairis at the superstition springs mall in mesa   need someone asap!! contact me on fb or my email   its on my profile    
i love where my life is going   all i see is great things as long as keep my head in the game!  smile 
management training on sunday with <propfemale> saiz   cant wait to start at superstition springs mall   gonna b busy for a while   but that makes it all sooo much better!!!!!  the busier the better!!  smile 
"please copy and paste this to your status if you're always asked to copy and paste something to your status by folks who copy and paste things to their status  many people won't copy and paste this, but my true friends will copy and paste  copied and pasted from a friend in need of more crap to copy and paste "
home from a long day at work   felt good to have a good day   manager training tomorrow   can't wait!! but only 1 more day at chandler then i'm off to superstition springs   
first day as manager at superstition springs mall   excited and a little nervous cause ive never done this before    but i know ill do fine!  smile 
so my first  day as manager went well   got complemented by my district manager and hired someone new   still weird that i'm managing a store but i like it   to miss mae: there is always a spot open for u at my store!!  smile   smile 
kids with special needs aren't weird or odd  they only want what everyone wants   to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 30 mins? this is in honor of all children that were made in a unique way  ?
looking at buying a car in the next week or so   anyone know of something for sale for around $3000?
off to work today   im closing so everyone should come out to superstition springs mall and visit me and buy a few cell phone things   u wont b disapointed smile 
"instead of telling someone who rides a motorcycle how dangerous it is    why don't you look twice before switching lanes, making right turns, or pulling out of a driveway and sidestreets    stay on your side of the road, especially in corners    don't follow too closely    keep your eyes on the road and off your cell phones    and don't race up to intersections as i approach   if you care about someone who rides a motorcycle, please re-post   i hope to see all of my friends re-post"
"it's sons week! if you have a handsome son and grandsons that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while but hold him in your heart for a lifetime"
just chillin   havent done this in a long time   and im w people that wont fuck me over   these people have respect for others   
not sure what to think about what to do right now   sophia is not talking to me about stuff she should b   makes me wonder      sad 
another late night for me   at least i dont work tomorrow  smile  had fun w my homies   off to la la land for me! catch ya'll on the flip side  smile 
thanks to some really good friends last night that helped me though a rough time   u guys are great!!! love u both and c u tonight!  smile 
ok    so i am looking to hire someone at my store at the superstition springs mall in mesa   i need someone asap so if you are interested either shoot me a message or stop by   you can also go on the mall website and go under jobs and apply there   send anyone that you would think would be good for the job and wants to work!!!!!!
please copy and repost even just for a few minutes if you know someone who is alive today because you just can't afford a hit man 
so we had <propfirst> fitzgerold from the cardinals at the chandler mall tonight   got an autograph   thanks <propfirst>!! lol   
i think im gonna invest in something that would b a blessing but many would say otherwise   of its gods will then i will know soon  smile 
to think too much can be very hazerdous to ur health   take it from me   i know it all to well   why must my brain not shut off sometimes   just have to work through it i guess   
damn hoes!!!!!!!!!
