94cd1072c05422b13f56eb185b30322f
waitin 4 my babiiz to get home 4rm school   
extremely bored       fighting with kiki n babi vance     lol
i finally got sum time on my hands to actually browse fb; my 2 gurls r @ church n my babi is asleep  kei kei is gonna stay the next 4 days @ gandmas house tooo  so a lil' r&r 4 me!
oops * grandmas
missin' my baby gurl     i need her to make some noise here it's too quiet! but i can paitiently wait for that though  i'm also happy that i got to spend some quality tym with some of my long lost sibilings      i miss them all!
irritated    some ppl jus do the dumbest things!
irritated   sum ppl do the dumbest  things!
dropped my 2 college grads off 2 school    
dreading the 15 loads of laundary to do!
happy halloween to all     waitin 4 my babiiz 2 come home    with all my <propfemale> smile 
@ the hospital with <propfemale>     impatiently waitin 4 neo's arrival ! makin her do the stair master so he can get here a lil faster   
okay    a lil progress they put her butt on pit  so she's goin' 2 be singin' 2 me a lil bit    
relieved to know that my babii sister n her newest addition neo are doin' great    kudos 2 shell 4 doin' it all natural n ridin' to the end like a champ i'm very proud of u !
"last but not least congrats 2 u both mr  n mrs  gordan on ur newest gorgeous baby boy- \ mini rice krispies \""!"""
o my f***** goodness! my 3 yr  old cut half her damn hair off! beauty shop here we come hopefully ylthey could repair it!
or else she goin' 2 b walkin' around like she belongs 2 1 of'em cjurches that use the lil bowls on top of their heads      or hair piece for a <propfemale>    
hmm     i need an elephant gun right about now! n hell no i ain't goin' 2 use it on me    so go figure      whoooooo!
"2day i'm deaf, mute, n extremely slow in thinkin'     kiki is on a roll! aaahhhhhhh"
cant wait to go to my unles tonight
bored outta my damn mind     
another day of isolation ended     yipeee can't wait for next day of solitary confinement!
i'm tha bubble gurl!
thinkin of puttin white paddin on my walls! its western state #2!
tryin to calm my spider monkey down cuz she tryin to roast me n her brother turnin on the damn broiler!
gettin my scholars on their way to school      
so bored    
tired of bein bored and man i really missed out on a gud dinner with my oldest sister     lol     happy b-day shell ur 32 huh!!!!
can't wait for friday so i could see sumthin other than the inside of my apartment!!!!!!
wow it felt good to smell the outside air and actually see sumthing but walls       but sad to say dounno <propfemale> imma get a <propmale> to go out even for 30 mins     
also luved the 1 on 1 sisterly time even if it wuz 4 4 hours      thanks shell i really appreciate it!!!!
waitin' for my two kids to come home      
