c5f65890c316c3f97ca22b53a3d69a03
finding people i know   smile 
"adding friends  sorry about the random invites, just sending requests!  smile  i just reactivated my fb, btw "
"lol  i'm thinking about disconnecting my yahoo email from my facebook, i'm getting raped with 10 messages a minute  _  i'd have done it already, were it not for them all going into one neat folder i can ignore  playful "
internet e playful lorer; the #1 browser for downloading a better browser  chrome all the way!
"up late, listening to b o b , multitasking to the point of me wondering how my computer hasn't shot me yet"
school ftl  i can't wait for it to be friday  sad (((
orchestra concert @ hhhs! smile  wish me luck; i'll tell you how we did! string bass ftw!
concert was awesome! everyone played awesome   laugh dddd
"if you would date me, like this status  if you love me, put a heart ?   if you're my friend, put a smiley face  smile  if you're upset with me, put a sad face  sad    copy this into your status & see how people feel about you!"
<propmale> stmarie's relationship status says he's in a relationship  what he does not know is even on the internet your hands still don't count 
<propmale> stmarie challenged me to a fight  i don't know whether to be disturbed or laugh 
"this is annoying  we want more weekend, obama wants more school  see the problem here? t_t"
i don't see why <propfemale> pope posts random crap on my wall posts but never replies to my texts or chats  it's starting to get annoying   
"if it weren't for mr  wurman making playing with the band at the football games mandatory, nobody would show up  it's so time consuming and i'm missing out on helping at my neighborhood block party  it sucksssss"
"good luck at msx tomorrow, ug band!  laugh "
"good luck at msx!  smile \ug band ftw!"
"since everyone else is doing it, i might as well too  like this and i'll tell you what i think of you in all honesty smile "
"i hope this weekend will be pretty good  i have no homework or anything for a while, so i'm happy! smile  anyone have any weekend plans?"
"good night, fb  had a moderately long weekend  currently sipping a 2 liter of mountain dew, gonna need it tomorrow morning    t-t"
scout meeting  be back soon    hmu 415-8169
just ran into an old 'friend' who doesn't know about me trying to redesign my rep  ruined my day by bringing up some grudge from about 2 years ago  what makes me sad is that i didn't try to make up for it then     sad 
"pretty good day, wore a white person manfro  laugh  anyways, halfway through the week! hat day tomorrow!"
"if i devote my time to helping my friends, what do i do when their problems become my problems and their problems are ones i can't answer?  sad  life's become a nightmare inside of a wonderful dream t_t"
"it's interesting to see poeple posting about drama    \when they're partially behind it  \well, gnfb "
"spent the entire evening with <propfemale>, it was amazing  smile  i love you! waking up at 4 in the morning to make a 530 am trip to baylor scout college  after that trickortreating with <propfemale>, anerys, and <propfemale>  laugh "
off to baylor university for scout college  they better have coffee there! } annoyed 
"trick or treating with <propfemale> and the others yesterday evening was amazing   smile  gonna go do some boy scout stuff, back in an hour or two ;p"
<propfemale> nasiotis <propfirst> pettaway <propfemale> januszka got a new deviantart! silversheetghost  smile 
day didn't turn out very well   sad 
"i've realized that even with a bad day, it's better to be positive   smile "
"7th chair concert band! woohoo  laugh  \congrats <propfemale> januszka,  6th chair concert and if i'm thinking right the top out of all ugms trumpets!  smile   love "
i'm doing it again! like this and i'll tbh you!  smile 
"lots of homework to catch up on  \this is going to be a long day! \hmu 254-415-8169"
"why wassup, like it  smile "
"awesome day  another all nighter, looks like, though   annoyed  hmu! 2544158169  someone text meee  smile ))"
"heading to the movies at 1 surprise 0 with the idiots  laugh \it's going to be awesome!  love  you guys  playful  <propfirst> pettaway, <propfemale> nasiotis, <propfirst> apgar  smile "
awesome evening with the idiots!  laugh d
"awesome day  text meee  laugh \<propmale> out with the awesome <propfirst> <propfemale> vail for the first time in about 3 years! \can't wait to see <propfemale> januszka again, i miss her     heart-broken  \also can't wait for thanksgiving break, haha! \hmu!"
"gnfb! loooong 2 day week coming up, no?"
"bring it on, evil 2 day school week "
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? keep it going if you agree "
awesome day! one day to thanksgiving     _ 
this day better go by fast   
i was chewed out by no less than 3 teachers today  really bad migraine and kinda sad   sad  2544158169
feeling better; this might be an overall enjoyable break  text me before i die of lack of sleep? haha  smile  2544158169
<propfemale> januszka kristyna pope <propfemale> nasiotis <propfirst> pettaway <propfirst> apgar  <propfemale> <propmale>  happy thanksgiving!  laugh  you guys are awesome  smile 
"people  remember, those \girl killed herself after this was posted\"" and other things that seem too weird to be true are! they hack your wall and spread on the thing post app to all your friends  make this your status to pass it on  be careful when giving apps posting permissions!"""
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me    [like] this status if you think\i'm a good friend    [message] me if you ever wanted to date\me    [comment] if we ever had any good memories together  now let's\see who's brave enough to copy this to their status "
"type your name: <propfirst> plagens\ with your eyes shut: keffrey plaherms\ with your pinkies: <propfirst> plagens \ with your elbows: jefdfrey plagfens\ copy this, do it, and post as your status  laugh "
good night! hopefully going to get some sleep  smile 
fi; like it  smile 
change your fb profile picture to your favorite childhood cartoon picture  the goal? to not see a human face until monday decemeber 6  join the fight against child abuse 
"grr  monday  feel tired    \here we go   "
"well, inbox me <propfirst>?  smile "
"7797; i vaguely remember we didn't get off well as buddies  i don't hold grudges though, and i hope you'll forgive me for anything stupid i did  playful  yeah, we need to catch up sometime "
"19; you're really pretty and really nice  i used to annoy you all the time last year in jazzband  smile  yeah, miss you! you're a super cool person and i wish i knew you better  smile "
"56; you're really nice to me, really pretty, and really cool  smile  i wish we talked more!  laugh "
"704; you're the coolest hat stealing watermeloner i know  laugh  you're an amazing writer and an awesome friend  smile  you're cool out of this world, haha  love "
"123456789; you're really nice to me  you're really awesome, have an awesome taste in music, and you're really cool  you're always fun to be around, i wish i knew you better, though  smile "
"2; you are one of the coolest people i know  we don't talk much, but you're always really nice to me  you're really pretty, you're an amazing person, and we definitely need to talk more  keep being so awesome!  laugh "
"241; you're a beautiful, amazing, super cool girl  when you first started talking to me, i couldn't believe it  you're an amazing person and i'm honored you trust me enough to give you advice on stuff   smile   love "
"754; you're really cool, i remember all the times we <propmale> out out by <propfemale>'s and just messed around in general  you've always been really nice to me and i wish we hadn't stopped talking  smile  we need to change that!"
"1; there's so much to say  one; i miss you so much i cried when you left    you're one of the most amazing people in my life and i have so much to thank you for    you're beautiful, really cool, amazing, unique in your own aweome way, the list goes on  love  i can't wait until you come down  there's so much i never had the <propmale> to do before you left!  smile "
 heart-broken   crying 
"got back from region band with <propfemale> gay, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>, and <propfemale> broome among others  concert was awesome, heard a ton of people in the foyer talking about how well we played  high shool did really awesome, but i'm tired now  i'm stuck on a decision; coffee and productivity or early and sleep?  annoyed \"
"there's always something to smile about \there's always someone who loves you for who you are \there's always someone who cares \those are 3 facts that could make the world better if people knew they were true  make this true for someone by caring enough to talk to someone who seems down, to give a random compliment or just to smile at someone  make someone's day better, they'll be thankful  smile "
"we may have a white christmas, but well, probably not  welcome to texas, the bipolar weather state!  smile "
oh my gosh! my grandma just took my green hoodie out of the dryer and it's all warm and super fluffy!  smile  i could get used to this x)
you know the pass if you belong  smile  http annoyed  tinychat com tehidiotshack
"may not be going into the week with my head high, but i'm not sad  it's been a short but full weekend  phew    gnfb  smile "
"dear mental road-block, i'm sorry to say i'm not going to give you my time, my tears, my mourning, my stressful thought, or my self-respect   smile  let's start this week off on a good note?  smile "
"children's tylenol that doesn't work; $6 00 tissue box; $1 00 your grandparents sending you to school after 2 days of being legitly sick, thinking you're lying to avoid the stressful mess your life has become? price-freaking-less "
"awesome concert, band people!  smile  i'm guessing it's going to be a 'very casual friday'? x)\ laugh "
"i'm currently in an ongoing poke war with <propfemale> nasiotis and <propfemale> serna, who wants to join?  laugh "
"you may think you're a failure, but someone else may see you as their champion  you may think you're ugly, but you're likely someone else's 'work of <propmale>'  you may think you're not strong enough on the inside, but someone else sees you as the toughest person (if only in spirit) alive  don't let that person down, whoever it is!  smile "
"among other things, one thing that makes me sad are people that say \hmu\"" and then don't reply for a long time when you try to talk to them  - """
"when you worry about people all the time, you usually put your own problems behind you  your equivalent to a perfect day is making someone else's  then, your problems feel a lot lighter  thank you to anyone who calls me a friend smile "
"trying out openoffice org  it's like microsoft office, but not 200$   laugh "
"morning! church, then possibly plans with the amazing <propfirst> <propfemale> vail?  smile "
"bored to a point where nobody should ever be bored to  gah, i miss mah people at ug    but i enjoy no school more  joyful "
"how can you move on from the past when; one, the present prevents it; and two, you just don't want to let go?  annoyed "
these past 2 months have been possibly the worst of my life  a few certain people still manage to make my day and keep me smiling  thank you smile 
gnfb  smile 
certainly running out of optimistic ways to look at my situation   sad 
"thank you, grandma, for making such a big deal out of something that was really nothing, ignoring everything that's going wrong in my life, and pretending you know everything about me when you don't have a clue "
"never thought i'd say this, but i really can't wait until heights next year  smile "
"just woke up, feels like i need to throw up  uggh   -_-"
another attempt to sleep  o-e
morning!  smile  finally got to sleep 
"long day, exams start tomorrow  annoyed "
just took a shower  wide awake  staying up  playful 
like this and i'll make a confession for each like 
"#1  i don't get it when girls say they don't dress for guys and then they show up to school wearing v-neck shirts with their boobs popping out and skinny jeans 10 sizes too small, because i can't see who would put themselves through all that pain only for themselves  annoyed "
"#2  i like origami  i write poetry  i'm more into technology than sports  \i'm seriously amazed i even have friends "
#3  i don't believe it when anyone except my best friends say i'm a nice cool legit person  i still have people that joke about it behind my back 
"#4  i like hugs  a lot  but if you don't want to give me a hug, say so rather than give me one of those half-hearted one arm things   playful "
"#6  i'm not 'popular', per say, so people usually don't notice me in the halls  it's amazing how much trash you hear people saying about other people for no reason just walking from class to class  when i hear people saying that, i just want to tell the targeted person how amazing they really are, but that's not socially acceptable in a social class full of douchebags "
more confessions? like smile 
#7  i love music  i've considered dropping my path towards the military (technician field) for a career in music  band vs orchestra? orchestra  apparently i can play bass guitar quite well   smile 
"#8  i'm usually scared to compliment people if certain other people are around, for literal fear of what they would say "
"#9  most of my friends are girls  why? it makes me sick to hear some of the conversations guys have about girls in the school  some people are arrogant and don't give a crap  some guys are pretty legit, though "
"#10  i wonder all the time whether my friends are covering up a ton of problems with a smile  heck, i'm living that "
#11  a single person is my real reason for wanting to go to heights 
"#12  the only thing i hate more than my acne is people that remind me about it  i think i would know, it's living on my face  t_t"
"#13  i used to absolutely hate texting  now, my phone comes with me more often than my wallet "
onerepublic- goodlife  love 
"i'm going to try to get some sleep  gnfb!( annoyed so many people made my day today  love "
#14  i care about anyone that has enough humility to talk to someone as unpopular as i am 
"#15  i'm always told i keep secrets very well  i have some of my own, and you'll never know "
"i hate getting into arguments with people who are \defending someone\"" as an excuse to be an absolute douche to you """
"got more service on my terrible phone  in fact, i bought 400 and it's such terrible programming that it gave me 800 units  i'm happy but kinda laughing at the programmers right now   "
this time    don't need another perfect line    don't care if critics ever jump in line    i'm gonna give all my secrets away! or- secrets  love 
"best trait;\best feature;\rate;\date; \like smile "
the little group meeting for members of the tis group  ask the pass of me or another member! smile   http annoyed  tinychat com tehidiotshack
"you're on my mind, 11:11  love "
unconditional bestfriends  gotta love them love 
<propfirst> halabi  this girl is the definition of real  i love her smile 
thin mints  love 
"if you send me one-word texts and don't bother to add some sort of symbol or even punctuation, i will assume i'm either not worth talking to or that something is wrong "
"i don't care how beautiful you are, if you are fake, you're uglier than anyone else  common truth "
"i don't mind what some single people think, but i hate it  i hate the feeling of being alone   - "
"on the way to the gulf coast, spending the weekend aboard the uss lexington  5 hour drive should be worth it? text me, i need someone to break the monotony  smile "
"i'm on board an aircraft carrier for the weekend  been a long day, pretty good one? good night, text me! smile "
"back  dead  tired  ugh, school tomorrow x-x"
feeling sick  sad  gonna upload some awesome pics of shiny things that go boom 
definition of boredom; being sick on a monday 3:
every inch of me hurts     sad 
sick again today  doctor's visit later today  can't talk  sad 
"strep throat, headache, might be home from school tomorrow too  on pills and cough medicine    definition of agony   sad "
and just when i thought i was getting better  i'm hurting all over and have a fever  why won't the pain go away?  sad 
"oh, how nice  <propfirst> halabi ignores me for a week, and when i try to talk to her, she deletes me  after she calls me her best friend  i've never felt much crappier "
pain  sad  can it please go away? d:
home sick again today  hurt   sad 
still sick  grandma's using every excuse to send me to school when i can barely talk  she acts like i enjoy this  < sad 
"just emailed the district about their weather closing policy    t_t either way, we shouldn't have school today  the storm that went over  is over us is the size of texas "
uggh    lost in thought  so much to say and so much to hide  such is life   
kisd never fails to be the only centex district open  don't they care so much about us when they force us there with a wind chill of 6?  smile 
snow  i  am  sad  cannot be sad with it snowinggggg  laugh 
fight with grandma  obviously i'm 6 and will wander away if let out of the house after 6pm  i'm forced inside and must remain there until tomorrow  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
i've found a way to make a taser generator out of a disposable camera and a aa battery  i get bored sometimes 
"that's what i'm talking about, gb! green and yellow!  laugh "
2 for 2   laugh 
let's go packers! 3 for 3 td!  laugh 
(and this is the point when steelers fans slowly creep into the packers' fan crowd)
anyone notice taboo's epic suit? or maybe the epic lightshow?  laugh 
"if they're ever putting fergie in a halftime show, better install some autotune or it's gonna be    well    this  x-x"
"guys, seriously, just because of the crappy sound system and loud crowd, you don't have to hate on the peas  serious "
nice to know defending the packers and every bep except fergie can get you sworn out and called a girl  wonderful to know there's decent people in the world
"chrysler 200? meh  at first  mathers shows up, and that commercial just became my favorite "
green and yellow! w000000t!  laugh 
"rater interesting argument on one of middle schoolfinest's pictures  \fakes\"" section """
"hey, look in middle schoolfinest's fake gallery to see what great intelligence people have "
"tally of what happens when someone actually tries to do something abut drama;\- told to \gtfo\"" (6 times)\",c5f65890c316c3f97ca22b53a3d69a03,"i'm seriously not as strong as people credit me to be  honestly, i'm broken   annoyed  it's gotten to the point where i can't even practice what i preach "
"apart from the people yelling about 2 hour delays, my default is a pac-man of all my facebook friends  smile "
i just woke up  never knew how far behind on my sleeping i was until now    14 hours of sleep  x-x
"night peeps  checked twitter, added some people on skype    either way, sleep well everyone else ( annoyed "",2011-02-10 06:57:17""",c5f65890c316c3f97ca22b53a3d69a03,"one of the things i disliked from today; how ms  gonzales put so much emphasis on makeup for \dress for success\""  girls don't need makeup to be professional or pretty   annoyed """
"pretty much every day i want to just sit down and type all the stuff that would fix what's going on at ugms  probably several pages  but honestly, nobody would care "
?yevery f   ing morning it's an argument  and she still doesn't try to know who i am  computer's gone in a week if i'm not passing  she has no idea what sh
?ye's doing to me 
are students required to attend the parent teacher conferences with their parents? this is for my grandma   ><
"obviously after 9 years of school i know absolutely nothing and am incapable of individual thought  i'm a spoiled rotten brat that lives with grandparents that are never wrong  hmm, my grandparents let me learn something new about myself every day   "
"grandma, all because i say i'm bored doesn't mean my will to do stupid, menial tasks has peaked "
"terribly sorry to all those who got spammed by the \sleep app\"" thing  there seriously needs to be a deletion of all those seeding pages   """
"why is our society so centered about looks and popularity? in 40 years, when you and your guy girl are happily married, possibly retired with good money to live on, will it matter if they were cool, sexy, cute, or hot? no, because you're both old with greying hair and losing your youth  what's important is that you love the person you're with  why don't people see that before you've missed your <propmale>?"
"after reading this, you will notice that the chair you are sitting on is slightly uncomfortable and that your head itches a small amount "
rock-a-thon was fun  smile 
just woke up  x_x
sick x_x
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along  4 words is harder than you think      !!"
"not every guy is a jerk  not every guy dates girls to get in their pants or to lead them on  seriously, when girls say that, i can't help but wonder if there's a guy that genuinely likes them that the girl will never know about   annoyed "
odd  i'm yet to lose an argument on facebook  (losing meaning i place the last actual peice of argument before the opposing side starts cussing me out and calling me homosexual) 
"if a guy treats you like crap, then they don't deserve you  girls, there are 7 billion people  i guarantee that you'll find someone who doesn't need to cheat on you or  put you down as less than him  \#dating'snotagame"
"for anyone who's life i've made a difference in, like this  comment with a ' smile ' if you consider me a close  best friend  comment with a ' wink ' if you've liked me, or thought about it  and last but not least, comment with a '?' if you love me  \i burglarize like a boss- in this case, from <propmale> and <propfirst> "
"i'm going to sleep  might lose half my spring break to a visit to my aunt's house; in the worst possibility no internet and no phone  might be good, may very well be bad    well, night  love "
found out a lot today  umm    chat me?
yeah  i'm moving to belton in july    no hhhs for me  text me; 2544158169 
night  2 people made my night despite what's going on  love you guys[:  love 
last day of spring break came too quickly :[
"what is with people? being a player is not a good thing! for god's sake, have some respect for girls! and you wonder why i never <propfemale> out with guys? because half of them are absolute douchebags  i'm not interrupting in the middle of class to tell what girls i'd bang, i'm not going to call people hoes or laugh when you do, it's not funny  it's degrading and makes you look like an ass "
"alright, if you've watched my feed you've seen the blog i put out  i want something to write about, so the first person to like this gets mentioned and the first person to comment picks the topic  can't be the same person for both!  smile "
11:11; wishing for    too many things to count  < smile 
"first to comment on this chooses topic for my next article  must be something serious, hs or ms related  go!  smile "
"going to sleep, sorry, articles tomorrow  about to become zombie    ):["
"long day  well, mountain dew and music fix everything "
"alright guys, night   smile "
i just bought a (used) itouch  runs fine  i'm happpppppppppyyyyyyyyyy  smile 
questions have officially ruined facebook  i thought virus apps were bad? now they're spamming my feed with horribly-grammared questions that ask trivial stupid questions that you could ask in your status and still get replies if anyone gave a crap 
avalanche tour tickets in <propfemale> county e playful o  do want   _ 
"i swear to god, if i see another burn book or hatepage or whatever shit they come up with next, i'm calling the police  smh, this is getting annoying "
"set up a vpn and a wifi mouse server  for those who don't speak geek, i can use my itouch as a mouse or access my computer and all its files from said itouch  that is awesome   smile "
eminem - lose yourself  love   smile 
not feeling the best  ugh 
"another weekend with no social life  may be good or bad thing  so stressed out, just need a day off, even on the weekend    but no, that's too much t_t"
"anyone need a spare white shirt for tomorrow? i've got about 3 extra  they're old and messed up, but it's something  playful  like and i'll bring a few "
'bout to burn my shirts from today! video will be uploaded soon  laugh 
"video taken, uploading to youtube as i type  smile  3 shirts incinerated!"
