0420c82032c836309a0d21fa07e8d29d
-- bing is a great search engine
- going overboard with bright colors: neon pink pants  seriously    that's going too far!
"-- interesting critters in my room  moths, spiders, a fly   i hate summer"
"-- i need to stop late-night snacking, but first there must be a cancellation of good late-night talk shows  i'd probably just go to bed early if there was only letterman  smile "
-- i might get a job at trader <propfirst>'s  smile 
- anyone going to the alameda county fair? i don't want to pay 8 dollars for parking   
105°f (dry) > 79°f (humid)
- i wonder who's winning conan vs letterman  annoyed 
- hotwire is so fun    you pay first and then they tell you what hotel you've booked a room at!
- i have to be in la again in about three weeks for orientation  sad 
"- san <propfirst>, again  guess what i'm gonna eat"
"- in the span of a month, i've eaten a $3 scoop of strawberry gelato, and a $14 scoop of strawberry gelato, and i've got to admit    the $14 scoop tasted much better  smile "
"- i thought i lost my wallet in alameda, but i just left it in the living room   "
"- six hours later, bk onion rings are still crispy and are much better than the soggy bk fries  smile "
"- if i go crazy somehow during the summer months, blame it on those mini buffalo ranch chicken sandwich ads  i hate them so much!"
walgreens com : buy 25 4*6 prints & get 25 free = ~ five bucks for 50 prints! coupon code: summer25
- empty pages in a photo album    ugly
- did you ever comment on something just to think of a much better punchline hours or even days later? do you go change it  sad 
- la in less than 10 days  sad 
- chocolate is still my least favorite neopolitan flavor  yuck
"- a summer's disregard, a broken bottle top, and a one man's soul"
<propfirst> mays (oxi clean guy) dead?
- some strawberry gelato right now would be great  annoyed 
"- i love that feeling    i really want to buy a jacket but i put it down \hey i just saved $129\""  laugh  it's not as if i can even afford something that's -twelve- bucks"""
"- even though i can, i felt totally awkward speaking cantonese in bank of <propfemale> and barely understood half the cantonese bank jargon  indecision "
- no better way to increase my paranoia about online transactions than getting a virus that wipes out my computer the day i start online banking    i'm still restoring my files    this sucks 
"- do you know that feeling? you know, when it's time for someone close to you to go to you-know-where, and you're sad and happy for them at the same time"
- waited about two hours for my prescription sunglasses and was told after those two hours to come back the next day
ugh itouch software update is $9 95   
stupid: buying stuff just to take advantage of the 4% cash back policy fortunately it was stuff i was gonna buy anyway
ate a <propfirst>'s jr 6 dollar burger while in a vietnamese restaurant    people were staring  sad  only in <propfemale>
orientation when i wake up  sad 
ugh for the first time i'm actually applying for scholarships -_-;
- scared of a bag of salt-water taffy from the pier: sweet and salty and strawberry-flavored and banana-flavored all in one piece    that can't taste good
shooting in oakland a few blocks away from home
bright-orange gallardo spyder that's worth as much as my house    i wish i could afford  sad 
picked up grandma's prescription at walgreens  how boring can life get   
i had just walked two blocks in sf and i counted three separate walgreens    first thoughts: what the hell is wrong w  this city?
i resent my atm card and credit card  hate it hate it hate it
"i find it unnecessary for my grandma to remind me not to the open the door for strangers, yet she still does that    all the time   "
is bothered by the cuteness of the current happy meal toys   
getting one of my stories published on mylifeisaverage is as satisfying as winning a contest  mlia
ugh    all my computer has now is firefox and i'm too lazy to reinstall everything else   
is officially a loser  sad 
'fat free plain yogurt' is pretty disgusting stuff
wonders how rare her cut of steak can get before she gags as she eats it
siren thing right now but no one in oakland seems to care
my dog killed an opossum that was trying to steal its dog food
at the checkout <propfirst> i stooped down to pick up some pennies and almost left the store w o my bag of groceries -_-
the kfc near park st alameda has reopened! hallelujah
cubital tunnel syndrome  sad 
hogged the microphone during karaoke and looked like a fool -_-
"ever since i started used mouthwash, nothing tastes good anymore    i should stop"
managed to suppress a greasy food-headache w  her amazing mental powers
the 1st textbook i'm buying for college    has a photo of las vegas on the cover -_-
"after shelling out hundreds of dollars for collegeboard tests, what do they give me? a piece of cream-colored paper with my name on it  thanks, collegeboard"
"stupid retainers    my 10th grade lisp is back! \may i get some potshtickers   \""  sad """
"after over a year of not having any, i suddenly want a doughnut"
"thanks to a sale at target i can finally compare my current favorite gum flavors side-by-side to see which one's the best: stride sweet <propfirst>, trident straw<propfirst> fusion, extra straw<propfirst>-banana"
note to self: never comment before reading the entire post
new itunes = ugly
you lie! you lie!
teaching grandma how to play jenga was easier than trying to teach my aunt how to play <propfirst> kart    best 12 bucks i ever spent  
anyone gonna watch <propfirst> leno show? i hope it isn't just his old show with a new backdrop   
blaring my music extra loud because i wont be seeing these bose speakers for a while    
ehehe today some person at alameda towne center was drinking from both a cup of coca-cola and a cup of milk tea at the same time   what an idiot
my grandma had two consecutive nightmares about the jenga tower falling    maybe i shouldn't have taught her how to play   
my new friend's room smells like kimchi
one whole note is how many half notes? hehe i love music hw
"either the ashtrays here never ever get emptied    or, a lot of people smoke  nasty "
i've come to realize that empty hours are more satisfying than a full schedule
oh geez a new super <propmale> m mini album -_-;
i lost my sock in the laundry  crying 
???
the girl sitting across from me is so annoying she talks hecka loud on the phone and hums loudy to herself and makes random sighing noises  sad 
"for every meal i don't eat, i can use that money for four bottles of pepsi   hm  "
doing hw ahead of time due to sheer boredom is just sad    
"at the mall, i skipped the first shoe store, went into ten others, and ended up buying shoes from the first shoe store  sad "
i just realized how difficult it is to finish two milk tea    how come back then i could drink three a day???
nothing more exhilarating than a class canceled email!
today i live on onigiri    that i ordered by accident  laugh 
dude i was gonna do hecka stuff at the computer lab but that dude's stupid cigarette smell is pissing me off    i'm gonna go eat
"not looking forward to tomorrow, because it'll just be like any other day  sad "
going to dinner because editing photos makes me hungry  smile 
i can't pout  laugh 
lets see how long it takes to write a 700-word essay on  familiar topic  
"had coffee the first time in my life    by accident, again    this is nasty stuff  sad "
bored stiff  i'm gonna go to the gym and see what happens to my heart rate this time    
1 2 an essay in an hour    i think i deserve a break  smile 
hw and a diet pepsi
who's the guy that freakin smells like cigarettes  sad 
hooray for priority registration!
winter course schedule looking good so far  smile 
# of onigiri consumed since 10 13 09: 14 
damnit they made my greentea frap too sweet  sad 
?????? ????? ???????  crying 
officially has no life
computer lab  annoyed = library  jerks 
"meditations on the apocalyptic = the most depressing <propmale> exhibit i've ever seen, but hey i met one of the <propmale>ists  playful "
onigiri consumed since 10 13 09: 17
remind me to never drink black <propfemale> cream soda ever again    nasty
tired    good night 
my new earphones make everything sound like low bitrate crap
aw man it's only 9
nothing more nostalgic than watching magic shows from the 90s
"\required requirement or optional requirement\""    wtf  laugh """
tuna nigiri > salmon nigiri
backpack full of snacks starting to empty out            
yes i gave in  gave up ok    joining cantonese christian association   
milk tea and pepsi don't taste too good together   
is the only person enjoying furloughs
ruffles    way too salty
done w  classes for today  smile 
off to lunch    never realized the internet can be this boring hehe
"going to dinner    because you know, the internet is boring  laugh "
"drank smoothie (made w  yogurt) & carton of milk & green tea frap, + i'm lactose-intolerant d:"
master manipulator  laugh 
freakin crazy oxford english dictionary assignment    i have to write an essay based on 18 pgs of definitions of a single word
i'm gonna go e playful lore the library now   
found a print copy card loaded w  money  laugh  hooray i can print my hw for free!
"ugh   an admin furlough tomorrow = still have classes, but no library, no offices    ugh   "
this is gonna be the worst   weekend   ever  
too lazy to do hw    maybe i'll go to a quieter place in a few hours
dude!
class in two hours    then research    worst   week   ever  
now i know personally that soda makes people depressed  sad 
ehehe started on my 'research paper' and realized i could finish the bulk of it in less than an hour  smile 
ugh there's isn't any evidence 'proving' whether restaurants should or should not be responsible for a person's obesity but rather are  are not restaurants being responsible    this essay is stupid 
suddenly a bajillion split-ends ugh
retiring for today at least i'm on schedule    stupid music presentation is gonna be tomorrow
oh snap midnight comes too soon good night  sad 
my professors think their students are essay-machines  we're not
seven hours to churn out one <propfemale> single-spaced essay    whats the <propmale> i won't finish hm    
why am i not disturbed by 'fast food nation'  sad 
"can someone reword this question: \how has reading fast food nation informed your appreciation of consumer culture?\"""""
yay i finished my essay before today became tomorrow  smile  so pleased w  myself
best friday the 13th ever
my professor called 'grunge' 'grudge' -_-
"when 'new england clam chowder' tastes like flour and liquified scalloped potatoes, you know these people can't freakin' cook    come on"
hey wanna see my resume? *shows you a blank piece of paper*
bored outta my mind    i'm gonna go wander around campus
curious what battered 'chicken fried bacon' tastes like
wow there's a jerk that's just sitting there not using the computer
ten  more  days 
omg my second class today got cancelled too  smile 
ugh cant find my swatch
ugh its only three  sad  i'm gonna be writing    stuff    for fun   feel free to chat  smile 
"dinner = two green tea fraps, a slim <propmale>, some fruit chews, and some pepto bismol"
yay i can leave early next week  laugh 
"a bottle of painkillers, a pepsi, a large pack of pocky, and nine hours - will i finish my essay on infomercials? it's no sources necessary, bias welcome, ~700 words    hm i don't think there's enough time"
ugh housing hikes  sad 
ugh having trouble setting up my essay
no more pepsi & back to mouth wash  sad 
200 words left for my essay  smile 
essay  help please  sad 
two more days    can i last that long  sad 
watching ???    the old one  laugh 
doing hw at the computer lab    who am i kidding i'm drinking a green tea frap and watching hulu
why do smokers not realize how horrible they smell
five short essays and one more long essay and i'm done  smile 
so tempted to buy some scratchcards but couldnt get over my conscience  laugh  im no gambler
i should go to bed now  playful 
i can't believe there are college people that can't spell 'aisle' and 'chaotic'
ugh i feel so sad today i'm gonna go back to my rooom early
ugh should i make up an assignment if my grade will only go up one percent  playful 
oh snap look at the time    i hate you youtube  sad 
off to lunch then to class then to hell  sad 
goddamnit extra teeth are poking through my gums 2 5k for braces gone to waste
so bored that im listening to songs backwards
"is near someone really smelly, but i cant leave until i finish my essay    what a great motivation!"
finals 1 2 done just like that  smile 
gonna go wash my hair and then go to sleep    im done for today  and tomorrow 
i'm sorry  sad 
im gonna listen to my pepto bismol and go to bed
i wake up go eat and two hours later it's dark and time for dinner  sad 
one more final at 11 smile 0 i'm actually setting up two alarms so i don't oversleep  laugh 
catching up on music    man these itunes 100 songs suck
*pulls hair*     one crappy grade ruined my gpa d:
"veetids    yes, veetids  sad "
day2 on veetids
im so bored im gonna go make a scarf  sad 
right now i can probably get a tongue ring lip ring nose ring and not feel a thing
"how the hell is \?\"" the simplified version of \""?\"" when they're the same except the sides are flipped????"""
addicted to ssf4 dlc  sad  must  get  all  alternate  costumes 
back to my room tonight = i'll still be on    ha
this might seem a bit late but windows 7 is great  laugh 
"computer class, first lesson: how to maximize a window"
finally realizes what 'universal lispy <propmale>' means in the song 'universally spea<propmale>'  sad 
nbc better not screw conan
i need to spend less time on fb   that spam app said i clock 23 hrs a week
im convinced that chinese news is skewed and biased  mentioning plenty of crap before mentioning coco
just noticed the condom dispenser in the laundry room
"had to <propmale> through a stream to get to the dining commons  boots, pants, socks, jacket    all wet  umbrella    too small "
in two days i've broken two umbrellas  this is why you dont buy cheap umbrellas mom
"\hedgehogs are currently illegal to possess in california\"" why d:"""
seven hrs to type three pages 
? 
gonna go wash my hair and hopefully it'll be dry before my bedtime: 3am
consumed approx  200 calories today
"hooray for nothing-to-do weekends! i'm gonna be waking up so late, breakfast overlaps dinner!"
anyone wanna trade atcs?
 laugh 
"according to the scale at the health center, i lost five pounds w o putting in any effort  laugh "
"today, for the first time in my very sad life, i ate a taco <propfemale> taco "
"tacos & pepsi, then a midterm"
conan clips are gonna be off hulu in 20 hrs
<propfemale> lambda <propfemale>
"1 item on my to-do list done, 15 more for today  laugh "
"with the absense of all my other friends, pepto-bismol has become my best friend (hooray for puns that only one other person gets) jaw wong  laugh "
when you got four and a half hrs worth of songs from one band you've got issues
is not having a taco ever againn
does anyone else do laundry just because they ran out of clean clothes? *sigh*
going home for tet
hi from oakland
"to everyone playing b?u cua                 today (<propfemale> duong especially) , i wish you ti?n vô nh? n??c  laugh "
i used to rest my feet on my acoustimass but it's at school d:
the dude behind me in line at the restaurant was standing so close to me that the hostess thought i was with him even though he was latino and came in w  his family  what happened to personal space
"pringles, pepsi, and painkillers in preparation for a midterm  laugh "
gonna start on my homework now
"i listen to 3 rhcp albums, have a huge poster of them on my wall, and now i'm gonna write an essay on their songs -_-"
good morning!    time for bed  laugh 
deep inside of a parallel universe    there's no facebook and i get my homework done  good night 
only 1 5pgs before my goal    taking a break 
1 2 a <propfemale> left
"geez swatch, fifty bucks for a monochromatic plastic watch?"
12hrs = home
ohno  sad  one of those few times i wished i was at school and missed the whole thing instead    
ecstatic at the fact that she can finally use up those american lung association christmas seals from the year 2006
leno wasn't even funny last night
woke up too early    bored of the internet    gonna go walk and send snail mail and eat sushi and do other relaxing things
drinking limited edition 'throwback' pepsi tonight - contains real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup oh my!
needs   new songs to listen to    now    no rhcp mcr patd please
"ok if only i can cut up these big bristol boards into smaller cards, i'll save $18"
tomato-parmesan bisque and butter lovers popcorn --- totally makes up for that four hrs of television crap i went through today
"first final, aka second-to-the-last final  smile "
"hehe  from now on, if its not hw, then it shall be printed on green paper!"
"lol i knew that was an earthquake last night    it was 4am & i was brushing my teeth, getting ready for bed    "
bart-ing to work everyday? heck i'll take a job anywhere  sad 
ugh  i'm never gonna photoshop that many photos again 
tôi nh? b?n l?m  sad 
"kobe-beef hot dog, chili cheese fries, and the money in the bank ladder match    best 'day before i go back to school' ever  laugh "
nothing to do  sad 
"$450 worth of textbooks justified by a $450 workout, just by carrying those huge books back to my room    "
so tired but it's so early
"i should have said: i'm <propfemale>, a 1st-yr hrt <propmale>  my hobbies are drawing, photoshop, and video games  you should pick me as your group member because i'm creative & very serious about getting work done     instead, i said: \i'm <propfemale>  1st yr hrt <propmale>  i like    uh    photoshopping so if you like someone creative you should pick me  *awkward silence* \"" [goddamnit i hate introducing myself]"""
"<propfemale> arifin: \it's the hotel in san <propfirst> where they signed the declaration of independence \"" neetha: \""sacramento?\""  me: \""you mean the <propfemale> charter?\"" <propfemale> arifin: \""0_0     yeah\"" (stupid conversation of the day)"""
washing my hair back in ten minutes?
"i hate having mixed reactions to the same piece of sushi (\this is really good maguro but the rice is too sour and aw man too much soy sauce!) etc  sad """
"hungry, sleepy    but nothing transcends my hatred of 8am accounting class! *pouts*"
"for the first time this week, i appreciate having nothing to do"
"today marks the first day of my four-day weekend, which i'll have ten of this quarter  yeah, i'm already bored  sad "
"maybe i should turn off my computer  it's been twelve hours, after all "
"the first thing you learn in accounting class is that once you run your own business, you should just hire someone else to do the accounting -_-"
didn't realize i could become so emotionally drained from one homework problem
back to accounting hw    nothing better to do 
earthquake?
what's w  history books preferring alternate spellings?!? just spell it genghis khan like everyone else   
wifi in biology class!! guess who's not paying attention   
"oh no where are my retainers?!? oh, they're in my mouth    "
ethnic studies is as boring as leno jokes (jokes told by leno not jokes about leno)
"a chair in front of the microwave? really? what are you trying to do, get the same cancer as <propfirst> marsh?"
i just realized i waited two months for a pair of sunglasses to be back in stock -_-
"time to do homework, since i was 'timed out' of aim and cannot log in again   "
wanna get away? yes i do thank you southwest  smile 
"fail moment of the day: i freakin' dropped my retainers  went w  <propfemale> arifin to look for them where we sat earlier near the pond    i opened the stair-well door and there they were, lying on a stair, thankfully uncrushed -_-'"
gets emails from marlboro  laugh 
off to breakfast    i mean second dinner    i mean   uh -_-
for the first time this school year i'm using a calculator to solve some math problems    actually i'm just too lazy to add up five-digit <propfirst>
"drank milk today because all the other drink machines were spitting out water  i am strangely no longer lactose intolerant, unless the dairy product in question is the stuff starbucks puts into my green tea fraps -_-"
never watching bones ever again  serious 
e playful loding soda in class  sad 
"in 24 hrs, i'll be in oakland  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
haha i dont know any of the material that is gonna be in my next final  laugh 
read an article from a science magazine and write about it - sound familiar?
"thank you, spammers  laugh \for you, one day only - my stupidest profile picture ever!"
finally gave into hunger for the first time today - and it's dinner time already -_-
does anyone else get bombarded by 'travel <propfemale>' ads before videos? methinks someone is invading my cookies    hands off the cookie jar!  sad 
"i locked myself out of my room earlier  housing services lent me a spare key without checking my id  seriously, i could have conned them for someone else's room-key -_-"
im gonna read  this is how bored i am
for the last time my last name isn't <propfemale> or chou or chow!
day 1 over    my head didn't hurt that much
pathetic: the cal poly pomona ironport spam quarantine actually blocked an email from the school bookstore
why does my brain process almost everything in english except <propfirst>  sad 
"hm, my least favorite brands for electronics? laptops: sony vaio  phones: sony ericsson  cameras: sony cybershot "
with the birds i share this lonely view    
congrats to <propmale> <propmale>
"on the last freakin' chapter, i finally get 10 10 on an accounting quiz"
spider in girls hair who's in front of me i'm not gonna say anything; it's bio class
ugh  stop blaming happy meals for making kids fat  who's really to blame? the parents for letting their kids overeat  simple as that 
earthquake?
you forgot your straw
\hide your kids, hide your wife\0420c82032c836309a0d21fa07e laugh 29d,"\i want the life you think i have\"""""
honey-flavored jelly bellys are pretty good
ok everyone vote for <propmale> poppycock  laugh 
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
wtf 100degrees  i don't wanna go outside    but i'm hungry  sad 
uninspired  sad 
anyone else wanna trade atcs!!!!!!!
whats the point of tv if i only get two channels
?????????? ?????
"finally, some improvement in super street fighter iv    i can now beat a medium level computer opponent -_-;"
hopefully i get servsafe certification  smile 
*sneeze*    *cough*    *wheeze* <-- soundtrack to my life
good night  earliest to bed in years  sick as heck
castlevania: lords of shadow  laugh 
i remember feeding sticks of doublemint gum to the dog    it also drank beer     ?? i miss you  sad 
"does anyone else just wanna buy a pack of raw, sushi-grade salmon at ranch 99 and dig in?"
"ugh    i think, at survivor series, <propfirst> cena will let <propmale> <propmale> beat <propfirst> orton for the wwe championship but then beat the heck out of <propmale> because he has been relieved of his nexus responsibilities, but then the miz will cash in his money in the bank and ruin the moment d: (100% of you don't know what i'm talking about)"
? hollywood - <propfirst> bublé
so annoying  something next door is vibrating along w  my acoustimass  sad 
wait    this coupon on my bag of baby carrots e playful ired in mid-september    am i eating two month old carrots?  sad 
"?????? ??????\?????? ??????    ??????"
"guitar, i've missed you so much  sad "
too tired to think  too scared to sleep 
"come on, admit it   who's buying the newest <propfemale> boyle cd?  laugh     *crickets*"
recommend some music  thanks
yesterday was my horrible no good very bad day  today was great 
anyone want my yellow gummy bears? haha i don't like that flavor   
wheres the professor? it's cold outside
ok you know you're getting old when guys in boy bands are younger than you
you can run away with me any time you want  smile 
my geology textbook is the only book i've ever read that made dinosaurs seem boring
half a day later i'll be home  laugh 
i'm at the one corner where i can leech wifi    jazz album i bought makes my skin crawl    how's break guys?
what    two classes i thought i'd get ds in    and i ended up getting b- and b+?? there's a god after all  laugh 
looking back at people's old photos - boy i made some stupid comments  sad 
????
"thought i could have a stress-free winter break, but that never happens"
does anyone else find it creepy that i find pitbull hot because he reminds me of my old history professor? i'm a freak  sad 
at radisson covina again     must have watched five hours of <propfirst> the exterminator today
back to    no one monitoring my soda intake! photoshop! street fighter 4 against people i can beat!
"great, a post root canal infection  the abscess might as well just kill me right now"
"come on, dish soap all over the fridge and kitchen wall? how drunk were you?"
"can't believe i have peers who don't know what a thesis is  \so    we have to take sides?\"""""
hehe no one has yet to take a photo of me in full chef garb
was gonna go to chick fil a but looked it up and it's a four mile walk
"a trail of three black socks leading to the laundry room  since two of them are a pair, the person will only think he lost one sock"
great  time to call the manager of bjs
shrimp tacos after a job-poorly-done    i feel bad but at least i did my job
"thanks, 'san <propfirst> city college aesthetics department' for somehow getting hold of my cell phone number and scaring the hell outta me"
wow 421 songs on itouch so proud of myself   it's never been near half-capacity before  smile 
help! my left hand smells like onions  sad 
wow my roommate must be hating my cantonese music 'cause she's blaring disney music at full volume
ugh!! my left hand still smells like onions!!
is it a rule that every good song has to be ruined by a shitty techno remix?
"??????????????\??????????\??????????????????\???????????"
wtf? <propmale> <propmale> respects <propfirst> cena?
ate some of the best food today - i can't believe it was just vegetables -_-;
w00t w00t ranked up to d+ in ssf4  win percent at 26%     never been prouder of such horrible <propfirst>  laugh 
i'm having such a great week!!! it's only monday!!!
"yes yes yes!!\\we have received new release date information related to the order you placed on january 28 2011)  the item(s) listed below will actually ship sooner than we originally e playful ected based on the new release date annoyed \  <propfirst> jericho, \undisputed: how to become the world champion in 1","372 easy steps\""\"0420c82032c836309a0d21fa07e laugh 29d,cut myself while dicing eggplant but it's still been a great week
"everyone, step step high rise !!"
"thanks to <propfemale> arifin for introducing me to indonesian food  in other news, i'm dying from boba withdrawal  laugh "
<propfirst> roberson beat me at bananagrams today  sad 
off to read jericho's book   then i have to study  sad 
milwaukee! milwaukee! milwaukee! lol
"in the uk, <propfirst> is pronounced 'merry-oh'"
lol the energy gas <propmale> shot up during the weeks i was at home for winter break -_-
nabisco = national biscuit company    *brain e playful lodes*
"most popular names in britain in 2009? <propmale> for boys, <propfemale> for girls"
wow 20 minute overrun  but it's the rock  laugh 
"music to my ears    or uh music to my eyes: \as of this morning hrt281 section 03 (1 surprise 0pm-4:40pm) is cancelled for today (february 15th 2011)\"""""
hehe i only need a 37% on my final to pass managerial accounting class
my room has never been so clean    and i don't like it
refrigerated chocolate bars > room temperature chocolate bars
does anyone know how long it takes to bike five <propmale>? thank you!
hehehehe got my prescription penicillin today    now gonna put it aside and save it for later  laugh 
woohoo finally broke in restaurant city
"wanna get away? yes, southwest, i do  sad "
good night! i'll be awake in four hours to take my meds but otherwise i'm totally tired
i love it when i don't know the answer to a question on the test and then find the answer somewhere else on the test
 love  pineapple buns  anyone wanna drive me to monterey park to get some  smile 
"\we have done a preliminary evaluation of the remaining suite spaces for the upcoming year and anticipate being able to honor your request for a suite room   therefore we will be granting you access to complete the 2011-2012 suites license agreement \""  laugh """
marketing project fun fun fun
"10 more days, and i'll be home"
30pg marketing plan for <propfemale>'s house of chicken officially complete
a furry just knocked on my door looking for my roommate  i'm not kidding
"steak knife, card shark\con job, boot cut"
"funny how tastes change; people come and go  i let go of bad things, but i also forget about the good old times more than i'd like  i forget to appreciate  life goes on "
"time for dinner and a long, long walk til dusk"
i haven't worn chucks in years   do people still wear chucks?
hahaha 2hr bs'd paper pulled my grade up to a 90 22222 a-
heard so many ridiculous theories that i don't even want to process them in my intp brain in fear that i might start believing them
 love  p!atd vices & virtues
"no it's not a block of cheese, dad, it's spongebob  sad "
whats the female equivalent of a man cave?
anyone still in the bay area?
"muscle milk, cuties, and grapes - balanced breakfast indeed  is there such thing as vitamin c overdose?"
i saw a girl with bieber hair who was really a girl
spring break part ii starts now
<propfemale> <propfemale> scent wafting in from the backyard into my room   so good to be home
where is everybody  sad 
"\congratulations: invitation to join eta sigma delta\"" yessss best day of my life"""
my next notification better be non- restaurant city
good night  gonna wake up in time for dinner tomorrow  laugh 
everything looks better in 1080p
sitting down while wearing high heels isn't so bad   
my brain        thanks <propfemale> trieu
does anyone know where i put my tablet pen?
hehe    when you get chummy enough w restaurant employees to get free food   
"\it is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt \""  - <propmale> <propmale>"""
brought back a pinecone hoping that it'll make my room smell nice  instead i got some sticky sappy green stuff onto my fingers that can't be washed off w soap
warm weather = shirtless male students -_-;    never happened in grade school   
"for a class, i took a health survey and one of the results was that my mental health is \almost there\"" -_-"""
polynesian sauce > bbq sauce > 'chick fil a' sauce
spongebob easy <propmale> x2
"out of my four classes this quarter, these are the boring ones: all four of them  sad "
come on    my textbook is updated enough to talk about how 9 11 affected security measures but is outdated enough to feature ugly photos of people from the early 90s with shoulder pads and permed hair
i learned more looking something up in wikipedia than trying to comprehend this grayscale textbook
"i swore to never pull another unnecessary all-nighter, and yet here i am"
i wonder what it's like to live on mres   
"what kind of trend is this? i say thank you, they say no problem  geez what happened to you're welcome, my pleasure etc;    was i being a problem?  sad "
teriyaki burger and waffle fries while watching biggest loser 
damnit they gave me a turkey burger instead of a teriyaki burger *grumbles*
<propfemale> hsu <propfemale> arifin if you guys ever need powerpoints printouts for hrt 304 + 338 lemme know    ugh so much paper wasted for the sake of preventing eye strain    
after college i'm going to have an everlasting supply of scratch paper
lesson learned - don't sit under a bookshelf
and yet another all nighter  i really disappoint myself
"\never forget #40\""    i  finally  looked up the meaning of one of my wristbands after half a decade of wearing it w o knowing what it means  lol    thanks <propfirst> <propfemale> (for selling it to me   i still think it was a ripoff though)"""
the fact that christian vs <propmale> <propmale> rio isnt last on the card convinces me that christian wont win but the fact that <propmale> rio is moving to raw convinces me that he wont win because there cant be two world titles on the same show
yessss christian winssss finally -_-
christian v <propmale> rio should have been last  what a stupid ending
"two commercials within two hours: \popeyes beat kfc in a taste test\"" and then \""churches beat popeyes in a taste test\"" hahaha"""
four hours old teriyaki burger   this better taste good   
im out of plastic bags to hold trash    so much for going green
mission accomplished  most satisfying all nighter ever even though i'm not done w everything  laugh 
my laggy netbook makes even the internet boring lol
"just found out about summer hrt courses, glad im either done w or not qualified for any of them"
