ddb553b7309b009826ce3f868949af15
new years resolution: drink more beer this year than my lifetime total!
i am <propfirst> durden(first facebook status ever) 
um    i play for keeps!
you know what's on my mind? neither do i 
i missed chem again  sad 
why do they make it so hard to get to chemistry?
done with counseling!
"women don't beat me, i beat women!!!!"
coming home to fuck shit up
"sobering up from break, and getting ready to head back   everyone it was a ton of fun, stay classy strongsville "
"this weekend was nuts, and i can't find my band-aids!"
"<propfirst> is the greatest roommate ever!!!!!!  <propmale> and i suck though, ha"
is sitting in his dorm room talking to himself  he's pretty interesting 
"fml everyone sucks, and they're dumb"
i just opened the <propfemale> to see my final grades and i don't have the balls to look at it! let's see if i do after a few beers  playful 
there's a story at the bottom of this bottle and i'm the pen
car sledding is the greatest new sport ever!
i would never hit a woman    but i would slap a bitch!
"first day back  not completely gone, but definately in <propfirst> land "
"first day of classes this semester, and i already got in trouble again  it's kinda a skill "
devils never cry!
missed out on becoming a tutor because i'm dumb  sad 
team <propmale> can suck a <propmale>  team <propfirst> all the way!!!!!!
<propfirst> stole my phone!
bobert cunt is the man !!!!!! and a hypocrite 
"woah, woah <propfemale>, i'm just here for flexing "
is thinking about looking for a new running partner because <propfemale> sentman can't keep up 
<propmale> drinks <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!
is playing for keeps
justice of half truths was served!!
"is rocking a holocost style \situation\"""""
i just found out that <propfirst> is finally out!!!! thank you <propfirst> benco!
watching a tatto get done in my basement
celebrating straight a's for my midterm grades by skipping class!
"should have done better at the beer olympics, but i can barely move my lower body so i must have done something right "
why do people keep calling me a whore?
"finally, watching twilight for the first time  probably should have done that before i bought a poster "
<propmale>!!!
"yelling, \ey!\"" for five minutes is not karaoke """
"went out, and got some waffles this morning"
worst headache of my life  no one is ever allowed to have a birthday ever again 
just related to tupac on a deep level 
is really good at accidentally having conversations with someone on the phone with someone else 
wasn't loved as a child 
"<propmale>, why did you betray me!?"
"does anyone know what the name of the book about the holocaust is that i think took place in denmark, and there was like a part where they hid hankerchiefs in their boats they carried jews on to confuse the dogs? also, i might have ocd "
last final today  maybe i'll do good on this one or something 
done with school for the semester  who's ready to fuck shit up!!?
home now  kinda happy kinda sad 
i missed straight a's because of mass energy balances! it's not even a real class  how dare he give me an a-!!!!!!!!!!
"166, 19 more"
someone find me a job 
"my brother just found the schedule a certain secretary made me, and told me i should be ashamed of myself, lol!"
won't give a homeless person money because i don't know what they'll spend it on  i just hand them a beer 
two week goal to be the strongest i've ever been!!!
"you know exactly who <propfirst> bieber is, and you just disrespected him!"
"just met some kids who were planning on stealing my street sign, so i might as well help them "
who wants to be my volleyball partner?
"good luck, <propfirst>! hurry up and call me "
"just did some work on the yo roll, and it looks sweet!!!!!"
"today ain't you day, bitch!!!"
wrecked chipotle
i have a job!!!!!
my mother just called me to ask if i'm on drugs    again 
is going to burger <propmale> to talk to strangers about twilight 
the hottest girl on mansers wants to date <propmale> dyrdek!!!! why not me!!!?????    sad 
making bad decisions!!
\chivalary is dead," and women killed it \""\"ddb553b7309b009826ce3f868949af15,kicked out of the house right now  i hope a little man got all of his frustrations out 
does anyone have a scale i can borrow?
"haven't been able to lift lately, and i feel like i'm about to punch someone "
home!!!!!
just got the biggest pay check of my life  that's a whole lot of beer!!!!
the next gatorade they come out with should be gatorade hangover 
"woke up the morning feeling like p diddy, and by feeling like p diddy i mean with a broken hand, messed up ear, hungover  still drunk, and late for work "
"happy birthday !!\love, \mom"
making gains
you know i'm in a good mood when i start screaming 
in case anyone is curious in the last episode of jersey shore you can see jack3d on the table 
"pauly, we've got grenades!"
phone's dead until sometime after wednesday  hit me up on here if you need anything 
"came up with new labeling system for people in my phone, and it's fucking hilarious "
i love rainbows and sparkles love 
pussy!!!
god damn i'm fucking retarded!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm waiting for someone fun 
"i understand so much more now  i love michigan, and everyone there!!!!!!!!! it is what <propfemale> should be "
"one day, i will make it to friday classes  one day "
"chem lab is done, and i feel like i should be able to drink now  how the fuck is it only tuesday!?"
i'll see you all next week 
scared
is tired of repeating the past 
why do i keep encountering problems i can't solve with my fists?
"life just raised the stakes, and i don't back down  <propfirst> culligan "
is really fucking frustrated 
"apparently, my new nickname is pauly d  not gonna fight it, ha "
"hey, asian fucks  come find me so i can hug you, especially <propfirst> "
probably going to be in the library all day tomorrow  fml
really pissed off  i don't know why i do the things i do 
now my elbow is bleeding  what's next!?
"my name is <propfirst>, and i like to party "
president of the iff
"phone's broke, car's broke, wall's broke, and i haven't wiped all the blood off yet "
people need to start learning how to respect my swagger 
phone is broke for the people who keep thinking they are going to get a hold of me 
just got my my old phone reactivated  if i got your number in the last month or two send it to me 
i can't get over how bad i want someone to tell me to fuck off  i'd respect that kind of straight forward honesty at least 
don't try to start a fight with me if you don't know anything 
i miss perfection  why did i waste my time being scared and dumb  i had to grow balls at the wrong time  sad 
i hate weekends
"skipping physics, yeah! i think i'm ready for something i haven't been ready for in years "
i didn't do it  don't judge me 
the best fucking weekend ever! i love my friends!
yayyyy for limping!
fuck school
"i'm in a strangely good mood, but i feel like i shouldn't be  chea!"
i'm about to make someone feel so incredibly uncomfortable today 
i love the smell of bacon mixed with vomit in the morning 
"going home tonight, and then osu with <propfirst>!!!!"
my mommy said i look bigger  laugh 
"lost my phone again so hit me up on here if you need to get a hold of me  also lost my keys, shirt, wallet, and car "
<propfirst> is my girl
i suck big cocks!!!!!
"temporary phone number: 216-386-4350\emergencies only"
i miss my phone  crying 
needs a suggestion for a humanities class to take
"i'm drunk on haterade, and it's making me strong as fuck  they should sell this shit at gnc "
i don't even like drinking anymore 
jogged five <propmale> today  i don't think i've ever done that before 
"finally, for once in my life have a phone, and a phone charger! yayyyy!!!!!!!!!"
i think i finally figured out what my problem is 
i can't wait until i'm fourty  i wasn't kidding  i would love for it to happen 
"all i have to say about finals is, fuck"
"i'm home, and getting fat  who wants to do shit!?"
lunar eclipse tonight  hoping i get super powers!!!
"god damn, i'm a fuck up "
just got pokemon on my laptop!!!!!!! totally not gay!
"gtl, jersey shore, then barroom"
i will fuck up anyone who fucks with a girl i care about 
rocking a faux hawk in honor of the new episode of jersey shore tonight
fuck my friends  i'm supposed to be the bad influence 
i just vomited ten dollars worth of supplements at the rec!!!!!!!!!
"i cxan't read, but i made it homeeeeeee"
fuck my life!
just found out i need to start periodically checking my sent messages 
i'm gay for third eye blind!
has anyone seen my filter?
"does anyone know if the rec, bookstore, dining halls, or library are open today?"
