4a64d448e1dccedd84aa474a590f8295
been doing ok an everyting just do not be on here much i don't get it??????????!!!!!!!!!!!
"don't know what is the point of facebook sometimes, other than being nosey  i be reading this and i am like what is going on for real? i am totally confused!!!!!!!!!!anyway i be going to church now! went to bible study for the noon  it was off the chain  i miss every body  <propfemale> you threw an excellent birthday party for my sister  i don't know if you on here but thanks  and if any one did go i thaank you !"
so any way what's happening people? why is god so mericiful? shoot i am glad he is cause we humans can be down right crueland petty!
thanks <propfemale>
"well i am bout to eat, chow ! then i am of to home on the westside!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"well i couldn't make it to church today, mainly cause my gas is extra low and i am over my parents house using they computer yet again to file for unemployment  though things are starting to look up! a job called anf i might be starting it on tuesday september 8 yippee! i hope i like it  then maybe i won'thave to worry so much about trivial tings lie gas  pray for me people, love you!"
"well if is day 3 for my new job an i like it butnthe problem is i have to stand up the whole shift, people you shoul of seen me when i finnally got off each day , i could barely walk  it was horrendous! i pray my strength in the lord that he will bless me to  either get over the pain , endure the pain, or no longer have the pain in my fet no more  whatever the lord bless to happen i will praise in advance!"
"we hungry today but we will endure! i love my new job , feet hurt but hey thats the break! next week i get paid i might go celebrate and watch \i can do bad all by myself\"" movie on friday at eagle highland any one wants to help me celebrate  jesus is soooo good!"""
well nice to see everyone is up an running!
well i can say i will like being single again  less of a hassle !
"well i wason here but i might as well get right back off, looks like some folks are upset about something, i have no idea any way ya'll have a great week!"
"well right now  the wait time for a divorce is on my mind, who knew they make you wait 60 days  i guess they think you might change your mind  i will not be changing my mind , shoot i paid the money and i doubt they will give me a refund!"
"well last nite was a great nite, i feel so much relaxed now!"
"guess i be celebrating new years at a place calld the triangle  its 15 for a single person plus champaine, party favors, and a lil grub  25 for a couple  times like this i wish i had someone  oh well i am going to have fun by my lonesome "
dang website  uggh 
why wait if you know that you getting older every day and that there might be a bettter person out there for you? i mean i am not going to walk up to a guy but if a guy approach me and we got to be friends then i don't mind dating if he asked me out  long as i take it slow it should work out  if not i just have to be by my lonesome till mr  right comes along  wow 
happy easter facebook! and good morning
stomach hurt  too much food last night ham! turkey! turnip bottom greens! <propmale> and cheese! sweet potato pie!potato salad and more  my aunt can through down! it was good 
is wondering when things will finnally come together for the good  don't need anymore crazy stuff  man!
so many new movies out  wanna watch clash of titans and why i get married too  choices! choices! wonder who ill take wit me! more choices wow!
turkey meatloaf!? hope it not gross  mom always making stuff  
is wondering why people take her inherent kindness for weakness! she's thinking if people keep on thinking that about her she might just disabuse them of that thought and snatch sum weave out!
k   wats the poke link for exactly?   i'm a bit confused as to the purpose for it   
"is depressed  no longer is she friends with the only guy friend she had! dang it! liked hanging out  talking, watchin tv, dinner! man! i miss him already! guess he wasn't a good friend after all! he gone! am depressed! time for sleep"
wat to do? guessn i'm going to watch a movie today  yeah! clash of the titans! here i come  i even have a <propmale> to watch it with! can't wait to pick the movie apart with them! oh yeah! going to be fun!
is still awoke even though she have to work tonight   thinking bout things    
open discussion- is there a difference between a friend and a boyfriend  girlfriend? can people from the opposite sex be friends without the complication of emotions getting involve?     my thoughts on the topic is anything goes!
just getting off work! so tired    thinking bout my friend  wonder    
went to sleep but wakes up even more tired     man! lets go back to sleep! forget food   
just got off work  must say them 8 hours went pretty fast now if that can happen all the time 
"wonders, wat do men think of when they first meet a woman?"
is off till sunday night  must say week went super fast  now need friday and saturday to go super slow  just wanna lil rest and recuperation 
thinking of taking a break from being  too nice  time to focus on more important people   god! me! myself! and don't let me forget  i!
"wonders if there is such a thing as true luv? yes! she knows and luv god and knows he luvs her  she talkin bout luv among a man and a woman  physically, emotionally, and spiritually attraction that equal luv tween two persons of opposite sex  is it there? is it even real?     oppinions are accepted"
"well was busy! missed all my fb friends! in 3days i got a wedding to attend  congrats go to my lil sis <propfemale> and her boo, dyland! enjoy your happily <propfemale> after"
"well it was a busy week  went to wedding,gave a great toast speech and worked extra hours to make up the day i took off "
still tired  glad today friday  and i am still confused as to wat it means to get poked on fb  wats the point again?
"is feeling <propfemale> keys' single-unthinkable  am so gonna buy the whole new cd just so i can listen to that one  disclaimer: i do not support any recent personal decision she have made, just luvn that single "
"virgin mobile, a prepaid cellular provider, now offers its customer 3 new plans  all 3 plans includes unlimited internet access and text   just for $25 a month u can get 300 anytime minutes, $40 for 1200 or $60 for unlimited! now if others can get with the program "
ants will be a <propmale> annoyance this year  argggh! wheres my flyswatter? gotta eliminate sum even if its one at a time  theres billion of 'em   good grief!
i thinking the sun is bright and hot today  gonna say i am allergic and go into the house and cool off  man 'em ants are mucho loco today! whoa <propfemale>! wat that one carrying? wow! they strong!
"is thinking bout all the things she is allergic to lets see- grass, poison <propfemale>, oak, flowers, liars, cheaters, maniupulators, and oh thats right people who think they know it all! thats a lot of stuff  and folks wonder why i hardly ever go out! lmbo!"
is just saying  whew! its hot! opened a window propped my fan and am slowly cooling down! summer is here with a vengence!
is singing- is it the way u love me baby! is it the waaaheey u loove me baby! - the jam fo sure!  also- he loves me especial ly different in ever y way!!- can't go to concert am so upset  gotta work! sorry <propfemale>! man <propmale> i meant to come but work was pressing! gotta make that money
there are several down sides to being voluptuous or over weight  i won't state the obvious but one is that no matter wat u wear it looks like  u just went to the goodwill  man! it could be baby phat or <propfirst> <propmale> and u still look like u got up out of the bed and threw on some old rag! only time u look good is if u  wear formal clothes wit all the right pleats  looks like its back to the  gym i go! dang!
is wondering ! if i put on sum of the clothes i see these gals wearing will i be discriminated against? i don't think it fair! i'm hot too! i need to cool off too! man! its not fair!
since am off dis memorial i will be making up my time go in early today an tmmrw and friday i gonna work 4 hrs even though i am off! can't afford to miss any hrs cause that means missn money! i don't roll thata way!
nitey night fb or mornin to most yall! sleep time got a long day or night at work! i work graveyard! luving it!
well cum saturday i will be starting back up exercising just need  to buy sum decent footgear  nothing too e playful ensive  and a knee brace i twisted it sumthing fierce anybody know where i can get either of these items for a reasonable price i am on a budget!
is thinking she don't mind being usher's baby! hmmm     usher    i'm just sayn! there goes my baby! yep! here i am usher! lmbo!!
is single and not really enjoying it much! am wondering when will i be enjoying it? man! i guess this is better than it was  beggers can't be choosers! was in a bad relationship now i am just bored  bored is not exactly good  thats wat got me in trouble the first time  its summer! wat to do?
just published my note  true love revealed  would like all my friend here on fb to read it and tell me wat u think 
man!  seriously debting if i should go in for make up time tonight and monday morning! i am <propfemale> tired  it seems like my job is my second home  i hate being a temp! no job security  wonder when they gonna hire me on! i need them benefits asap!
"wanna use a phrase to address her so far crappy life, so in the words of the trump,\your're fired!\""- hello to an totally acceptably improved life! hello! thats wat i am talkn bout! positive confession!"""
"is up! was asleep  man why am i up? i got a long day today, gonna do two shifts 1st and 3rd  need to be alert  wasn't posed to be up till 4 smile 0am why i woke at 1:40am and can't go back to sleep? arrgh! this is not good  nope not good at all! gonna pop sum energy pills after all dang!"
dang! still up! guess won't get much rest today! plus its hot already!
happy memorial day fb
"is tired! just got off work  had a ok memorial, wish i didn't have to work though  would of been more fun  seen a bunch of fam i haven't seen in a while  want to say i love my fam! yall special to me and see yall next cookout thanks to our friends that came and help us eat all the food  yall are good people  god bless everybody, fam amd friends!"
"was up and have decided that she is not gonna miss much! so is gonna go to sleep so she can be well rested for work tonight  in the words of her sis <propfemale>, gonna go diggn for gold! -peace out fb"
is saying wtf? man! i am ticked  i understand somebody needed space in the fridge on monday but they could of asked where to put my salad and brocolli heads  i got two mini fridge and a deep freezer  why they left my food out on top of deep freezer instead of in it? can't eat spoiled produce  ugh! money now wasted! next time ask before u do sum stopid stuff! wtf! made me cuss!
"is saying though i am still mad at whoever done that, i love u still! just wanted to say that "
"well got mandatory overtime today  wished i didn't! my leg still not up to par  need to rest it real good, can't do that if i am on it all the time "
"don't be offended if i decline to look at your links,events, or <propfemale> suggestions! i just don't want to take a <propmale> that it might <propfemale> a virus  plus i don't like it when people tell me what i should or shouldn't do! so no i won't open your link to check out watever!"
"well! i went to my buddys oldest baby girl bday party  i was tired from lack of sleep but i enjoyed myself  they had a clown  cinnamon  great lady clown  made animal balloons, painted kids faces, and much more  kids had fun  made me want to wait sum more before i have any though  bad part is i forget how old the bday is  think 4 or 5  tired! sorry girl "
wondering wats love got to do wit it
is wondering why give an inch when u know they will try to take the whole yard?!? smh! greedy jokers!!!
wat can i say but that today is another day  gonna make it a better one  got milk? lmbo!
"well if u had a date raise your hand  now if u got stood up raise your hand  if thats the case then its best to go do like that song said,\its on to the next one\"""""
happy fathers day to all the men who are real fathers to they kids
am excited  got a new friend  we gonna see how that turns out  hopefully my friend will turn out to be a good one  that last forever 
love is in the midst  lts delicious  cant wait till its in my vicinity  come here u scrumptious feeling  i been waiting a long while for your return 
got to go home two hours early my job parking lot flooded  car almost drowned thank god it didnt  thank u lord! i cant swim 
in begining stage of getting to know my friend  scary  dont know wat they will tell me or wat i will divulge  
"i dont know, maybe i should pass on the dating thing  seems like it too much work  i already got a job i dont need another  maybe ill be a hermit  rotfl! boy! yeah ill tell my friend  too much work  lmbo! he probably wont like it much  he will get over  <propfemale> the loner  sounds good"
man i need <propfemale>
letting go of the past is very hard  we got to do it though so we can take our present off pause and then move forward to embrace our future  things going to be difficult till then  be prepared to fight for the future thats just ahead 
am excited and scared all at the same time  a weird combination  taking my time in a new relationship  so far so good  dang my stomach acting up  been awhile since i got this worked up  lord make your plan for me visible  u know how i get  love u 
ok  i have doubts so guessn i have to break up  dang it  must be intuition or wat many would call the spirit of discernment  lord guide me!
ok  i will wait on the lord  lord while i am waiting <propmale> me <propfemale> please  and let my eyes be open to wats really going on in my relationship  thank u i appreciate all my friends u have placed in my life  love all of them 
why am i so suspicous of people? maybe cause i ran across some shady characters in my life  duh!
goodnight fb  or should i say goodday  guess when u work 3rd shift anything goes with the sleep 
okaaaay! kinda upset bout my car  making crazy noises  can barely here the radio  going to go get it checked out next tuesday  pray to god its not e playful ensive to fix  i need to work  need my car to get there  lord help! thanks in advance!
"am singing at the top of my diaphram,\there goeesss my baaayybee!\"" man! usher got a good single in that one  b)"""
kinda chilly this morning  brrr    i will survive!
men  one man in particular  boy he scrumptious  going to go on a date  very romantic fellow  can i trust him though  people say a lot of things now adays but is it true  i need <propfemale> fb 
well i am happier than i ever been  feel like the chessire cat in <propfemale> in wonderland  cant stop smiling! lol!
well  had a great time yesterday  i know wat god has planned for my life is always good  i will thank the lord for watever he has in store for me in advance  thanks lord!
is finally going to bed  lord has eased my worries  thank u lord for answering my prayers  love u! night fb
gudnite fb 
well i was sleep but then the itching began  seems that a mosquito is lose in the house or maybe several of them  they got my hand and my wrist my leg and my ankle on both sides  hope them bloodsuckers are full  man my hand looks like a softball mitt 
unfortunately i cant read minds  i can assume alot of things but that doesnt mean my assumptions of wat is really going on is correct  need to communicate wat is going on 
well the fantasy has ended and real life has intruded once again  i am single  just have the most horrible judgement of men ever  totally clueless  oh well its back to the drawing board  lmbo! it was fun while it lasted  going to be bored for a long while  good thing i am going to kings island with co-workers july 10th or id go crazy from boredom 
well tonight its back to the grind  work  work  work  gotta make up my hours cant be short any check 
cant wait till saturday  kings island here i come  i am a ride warrior  gettn on everything and maybe in the waterpark too 
just got back home  got my car looked at something bout the hub and a abs tail something or other  they say 216 to fix it  i asked them will holdn off make my car breakdown they said nope so i said i am holdn off  no money yet  tired of the noise  gotta start saving 
"is kicking off her shoes and relaxing her feet, nodding her head to an uptempo beat, just kicking, just kicking     my version of the song by xscape "
"is thinking bout the song by <propfemale> green, emotional rollercoaster! i am on a emotional rollercoaster loving u aint nothing healthy, loving u aint never good for me! boy! thats wat i could be! glad i am now single  bout to hop off that rollercoaster  too much bumps and stomach in my throat to enjoy!"
listening to <propmale> songz and <propfemale> minaj song bottoms up! gotta say it sounded revolutionary  they should do more collaborations  wow!
has just got done hangn wit my coworker  cool to have a friend that works wit me! went home and did sum domestic chores  got a bbq tommorow  cant wait to eat burnt hotdogs!
wat a day! so nice and <propfemale> out! there is also a breeze  thank u lord for a beautiful breezy day!
going on 7 months since my divorce  why i feel as if i been single longer? enough pessimistic stuff! time to get back in shape  god help me in my time of need! let my body remember its smaller shape from back in the day and bless all the curves i have not to disappear totally with the weight! amen! lol
tell me why my ball bearings on the right side of my car is a safety issue and needs fix asap  gonna be broke for next 2weeks for real  devil tryn to keep me from going to bible study  gods got a way! till then need prayers and gas donations for next 2weeks  donations are accepted always  lol
"has done enough worrying today, time for some shuteye  gotta work tonight "
"in my best drake voice,\ should miss me when i'm gone!\"""""
"about to sleep, hopefully i have constructive dreams  ways to get the paper! am broke! dang car! ugh!! smh!"
bout to head to work  3rd shift is great! am a night owl  dont see how anybody can wake up at 5am and try to work  dont see how anybody can stop wat they doing and go to work at 2pm either! smh!
why a guy wants wat he used to have when he see that somebody else now got it? weird pychology! take care of wat u got before u lose it! retard  lmbo!
is saying good night facebook 
time to get my own! yeah! going to be interesting  i thank god in advance! thank you lord!
"i believe that a pessimistic negative attitude about life and its surrounding circumstances, can be in a way a generational curse  pass on from one family member to the next  yep! time to break the curse "
"is saying,\dueces!\"" lol  ahh! <propfemale> breezy! always coming up with a new way of saying the same thing """
"going to start the process of getting my own! praise god! don't need a man to havwe my own place , car, or clothes! busy getting money while the getting is good thank you god for the power to get wealth "
going to get my place  anybody wanna give a housewarming gift? thank u in advance to the lord  for everything  if anybody do give a gift i thank u too  be in new place in next 30days or so 
"just paying some bills and writing up short poems stories! check out my newest note, olde to life"
i had good barbecue today  yummy
back to the grind tonight  thank god for my job  love 3rd shift  time to sleep  goodnight facebook! hehehe  or is it evening? ha! watever!
"rough times, but with god all things are made possible  love u lord! you are an awesome god!"
"my heart, how not to get in broken again "
"wonders, wats people secret fantasy? feel free to tell me  i wont judge u "
"wonders, wat makes a person a \good catch\"" per se?"""
a lil down 
"was direct by a friend to read 1corinthians13  talks about love being the greatest gift of the spirit  love god,others,but i get the other thing now, love yourself  be patient and kind to u  dont be jealous, brag, or prideful  dont be rude,selfish,or get upset wit others  dont count up wrongs that been done  ,love"
"is saying,\that's just it! i am officially renovating my mind and heart \"""""
"got a question  to spare someone u love feelings, would u lie to them?"
"wonders, do anyone ever get born a homosexual? or are they influence to make that decision by outside circumstances? hear so many excuses but i believe thats just it  an excuse for that particular sin  anybody have a different oppinion? feel free to comment "
topic of today- how do know your significant other is playing u? feel free to share  men and women  whats the signs?
"welp, going to sleep after i read the word for today  am a lil confused  need to cleanse and then rejuvenate my mind  devil's gonna be backing off me  he gonna be hittin the ropes soon  cause if god be for me who in they right mind could be against me? i am more than a conqueror thru christ who strengthens me "
"lovely, <propfemale>, afternoon  it brings to mind my friends wonderful smile  god bless your day and night "
"so guess as the song says, women lie, men lie  its true  sad though  time to get sum chocolate and a good book  read some more lies  man! smh"
"ok  so i am kind of tired getting passed by, by the love bug  guess its just not going happen  so i will wish all my friends who are in a relationship,whether married or otherwise, a wonderful life  and please invite me to your weddings so i can eat your cake  i like vanilla and lemon! yummy! lbs!"
"is in,  en garde! devil best step back  god's got my back  i will not be weary in doing good, cause i know gods in control and wont put on me more than i can bear  so devil get to stepping "
"bout to move on to sumthing better, better, better! no more trying to make it work       dueces!"
welp! i had a great day today  great food and company  even won uno 3-1  haha  i am good at uno  next time we doing dominos! whoop them in that too! hehe  did i tell ya i was very competitive  aries! baby! lol! no complaints today  enjoyed myself!
i ask for guidance from my heavenly father  i let jealousy and bitterness sabotage my relationships past and present  father forgive me  i ask all those in my past and present to forgive me as well  i am sorry 
well i ruined it  smh!
no sense to cry now  i will watch the colts and see who god wants to win  i will cry later  man!
well i am glad that colts are handling their business tonight  24-0 so far so good  got a headache though 
"wow! colts won! now time to mope and go to bed  my dad is probably happy, he got to see it all in person "
not sleepy 
"got alot on my mind, am not sleepy, anybody still up? need to talk? i am here "
"still up  insomnia i guess and a racing mind  already counted sheep, tried to do it backwards got to 49 then called sleep a hopeless cause  my headache is still around too "
"well  just woke up  didnt go to sleep till 5am  still tired  look for my newest note to come out this week, people "
got my mind on my money and my money on my mind 
"maybe i will sleep in today  got a headache, same one from last night  wheres a good bon"
so if i can find an old book to read again that would be awesome  keep my mind occupied 
<propfemale> <propfirst>- a long walk and whatever  my favorite all time song of hers is he loves me 
welp bout to go to sleep  a friends job is never done  love all my friends  am more than willing to talk on the phone and discuss watever issue u might have  am super duper tired though  got to go to library today 
"looking forward to a game of uno tmmrw  will i win? yes, of course! hehehe! they have no <propmale>  maybe they might get me in dominoes, kinda doubt it! hahaha! said i was competitive! lmbo!"
feel horrible! stomach ache! going to sleep 
so i am not sleepy again  i miss my job  my life is a hot mess  so anybody want to talk and make me feel a tab bit better? kinda up set that my plans keep changing and theres nothing i can do   83 days is a long time 
guess i am up for today  got go to library  maybe meet my friend for uno and dominoes  try to relax  and enjoy their company 
"dang they cancel on me, i guess its cause of the gloomy rainy day  man! so looking forward to kicking some butt in uno dominioes  well off to the library "
lets all celebrate! lol! was happy before me and now cant stop thinking bout him  smile is beautiful 
"u the man babe, u the man! i believe in god, me, and you! we work together we will overcome all obstacles!"
"so i finally got some books  going to read some romance action horror books  u know i cant just get a regular romance book, unless got some great storyline "
reading love books of the paranormal persausion  yes a lil vamp an a mortal   love twilight series the movies want to see wat all got changed to make it a movie 
"so today is a great day, god woke me up  as well as the phone  maybe it wont rain today "
"welll i went to the library, now its back home  hit fb via mobile "
got to get myself together no time for fun and games  i am 31 time to do me  might grow to be a spinster thats the scary part 
"listening to mp3, got keysha coles-i should of cheated! smh! girl can sing  now <propmale> songz- lol wit smiley face  these songs these days! lol smile "
trying not to be sad  i got to let it go and let god fix wat needs to be fix  its just i want to help it out some  sorry lord  u know me  always worrying and very impatient  fix me lord 
so i want to talk  anybody want to humor me?
so i am going to take up my <propmale> again! maybe next year i will get me a booth at one of them community function and sale some of my work 
am not sleepy  thinking  dang! why i do that? man! lord knows 
still not sleep my friend didnt call before bed time  guess they fell asleep already  now if only i can fall asleep too! to much on my mind and i am sad bout an action i had to take 
smh! sad to the point of crying   it hurts when u have to let go of someone u love  i am going to pray for them and believe that if its meant to be we will come back together  lord help ease the pain 
guess that means no more uno?! dang it!
i am single and not looking!
went to a party! had fun! learned sum stuff  lol! ever heard of- pure romance? wish i had sum money! hahahaha! lmbo!
good morning fb  got a wedding to go to 
welp  not feeling good at all  missed everything today  sorry! i am a grumpy sick person  wouldnt made great company 
going to bed early wish me luck  usually i am a night owl 
over sis house on computer bout to be mobile
so maybe i can convince my friend to at least play uno dominoes wit me later this week  who knew they were such sore losers  first got to get rid of watever is causing my stomach problems  ugh! its getting on my nerves!
"i remember r  <propfirst>'s- keep it on the down low  so is he talking bout a secret relationship, i wonder wit who? the 16 year old? hmmm? lol  he was giving us hints "
"called my friend, why the vm? must be busy  me i am nosy  wondering wat they doing this time at night  hmmm? lmbo!"
"what happen to my goodnight phone call?? dag nab it! pose to get  a nightly call and visitation 3 days out of the week! am a creature of habit fb! lmbo! sum do coffee, i do uno and nightly calls! im feenin! rotflmbo! miss my bff!"
relationship  money  car  family  clothes  does <propfirst> mcdonald like good bald? lmbo!
so i am still up  go figure!
"is wondering,\how many licks does it take to get to the center of a toostie pop?\"" lmbo! they never did figure it out! dang owl! ijs! lmbo!"""
welp got haters  why do haters hate? want to hear everyones oppinion on this!
"is listening to my favorite artist of all time  all her old songs  the one and only <propfemale> <propfirst>  makes me think of my special friend, my uno partner, my confidante, my ace boon coon! stay real! u know who u are! mwauh! lol!"
"is thinking that it would be nice if my friend could call, one more time so that i know they getting better! miss em already!"
is like shivering her bed  thinking its way to cold to come out the covers unless its to pile on more covers  dang its cold!
is thinking it must be really cold cause my daddy turned on the heater  he always trying to save money and wait till its 30degrees or something  yep its cold 
is a creature of habit  i can now go to sleep since my special friend called and wished me a goodnight  hope they get better soon  a tab bit worried  gn fb!
"shout out to my real special friend, my confidante, my ace boon coon, and my best friend forever  i am your number 1 fan!  love u c  c  ! mwauh!"
want to puke  mcdonalds suck before bed  man!
"is cold again, dont think i would last the whole winter without 3comforters  sometimes think that a divorce was a wrong decision  especially now! brrr    "
is freezing! dislike the winter  too cold! and this is supposed to be fall  yeah right! this is a joke  why am i cold? man!
"so to make a long story short,\ i love you! mwauh!\"" (l)"""
"i like it on the floor, counter, couch, stairs, bed, chair, dishwasher, and on the kitchen table "
am being so domestic right now! lets just hope that it will be worth the wrinkled fingers and the smell of ajax and pinesol thats premeating the air  people better come tmmrw! id be mad! cant stand wrinkley fingers!
finish cleaning house  my mom bday today! hope she enjoy herself  love u mom! your first born  <propfemale> aka <propfemale> chelle trotter!  smile 
well back to the weekly grind  had fun with my friend yesterday  they met my folks and kicked it pretty well  maybe i can bring my friend around more often  depends! peace out c c 
miss my friend  what u fell asleep already? wake up! u forgot my goodnight call  its tradition  man! now i am going to have troubled sleep! u wrong for that c  c  u wrong! jk! lmbo! still!
how people feel bout the long distance relationships? can u <propfemale> with that?
is it taboo? a woman proposing marriage to her man? and how long do a person wait before they should propose marriage(male female)? any one got some oppinions on either of my questions? want to hear it 
"is mad, she has the most terrible feeling that something  someone is conspiring against her  wondering if its true or paranoia? lord pls shed light on the situation? amen!"
so      i didnt get much sleep     was worried     still worried      sometimes i wonder if other people worry like i do bout things or people? dont like worrying  it makes me mad 
not enough sleep  bout to do a <propmale> change if things dont start shaping up  not everybody going to like it  including me  even though it might be the best thing for my future  i need sleep  i need a peace of mind  going to get it 
looks like    a snake in the garden grass 
need communication to make any relationship to work  even tween friends and family members 
hows this for communication? dueces!! lmbo!
is wondering what was the point of the whole thing?
welp  i love me some him!  <propfemale> braxton
so anxious- ginuwine  love that song  baby meet me at 11 smile 0  jk! lmbo! sexy song!
its raining pretty bad  maybe i will go take a nap  might be the best nap ever! rain usually does 
congrats to my lil sis katrena trotter  she is engaged to mr  <propmale>   she <propfemale> happy  i am happy she got the man she loves and that he loves her in return  so difficult to find a good person to love and who love u in return  now i know its feasible  yippee!
"just a bit worried bout something! kind of confused as well wondering, what the heck is really going on around here?"
so mafia wars is confusing as heck i need help 
"am ok now  whew! hate worrying, so i fixed it where i dont have to worry no more on one particular issue  admit i am sad but happy that i wont have to worry bout it anymore  if god want the situation to happen he would take away the worry  since i worry it not of god "
ok  i admit for the 1st time ever thinking real real negative  i mean super negative  i need prayers on the real deal  otherwise it might get worse  devil is not pulling his punches  lord help me please!
am sorry
"god is good!!! time to seek him out again and tell him how much i love him  when i changed god stayed the same, good! need to go fellowship with other believers  anybody know of a true church on the eastside of indpls  near shadeland?"
now to add a friend  question- will they accept me?
next to u lord i am nothing 
"the lord wouldnt put on u more than u can stand bear  trust in him and <propfemale> not to your own understanding, but in all your ways acknowledge him and he shall direct your path  ok lord, now what?"
and so i am going to use a one week pass to cardinal fitness  knowing i am going to join afterwards  gotta lose some weight  wanna look good for next summer  never know who or wats going to be jumping off around then  got to be prepared! lmbo!
and so i pray that all the men and women and children associated with me be bless continuely 
"is saying,\ i am going to take a break! \"" and \"" i hope that u miss me a lil when i am gone!\"" and \""i was wondering maybe could i make u my baby!\"" and \"" dueces!\"" got a lot on my mind  too many songs for one """
"is up early  kind of different when a friend text u at 5am talkn bout are u up? um now i am  so been up ever since  i tell ya being a friend never ends  i look out for them  wat u want to talk bout, hmm? yawn!"
"is wondering, how jesus do it? guess being half man and all god theres got to be some perks to that stat  multitasking! go jesus, go!"
"want to sing usher song, there goes my baby!, but i am not sure if it is! lol! we live in a world of maybes and might bes   not a place for a definitely  smh!"
"is cooking baked pork chops  sweet potato, and shells and cheese  yummy "
is missing my bestfriend c c  who knew school could take up all a persons time  no time for friends anymore  maybe i can get them to losen up sometimes  otherwise they get ancient real quick 
kind of upset  got this procrasination thing down to an <propmale>  its not good  going to work on doing thing in a timely fashion  lord help 
"i just dont know  please dont e playful ect me to have all the answers to your questions  let me re-direct u  ok, this is god, god this is my friend  they have some questions that i thought u could better answer "
"time is of essence, am not getting any younger "
hey!
"is wondering if there is a point to a lot of things people do or say? cause to me i see alot of jaws flapping, but not anything that pertains to me directly  alot of people doing stuff but none of it benefits me  so what was the point again?*lifting an eyebrow*"
"want u to know, that you are the best  the best i've ever had  you are my everything  mwauh! love u like a dog loves his bone, like a magician loves his rabbits, like a woman loves her wedding ring  without u there would hardly be any luster in my life  mwauh "
shout out to my best friend c  c  !
goodnight i guess  though i got to admit sleep eludes me everytime 
guess i am fighting a battle wit sleep  dang i didnt want to win  anybody got some sleeping pills?
"want to <propfemale> wit my best <propmale>, c  c! lets go paint the town red  get brunch! get out of the house!"
welp! guess i will head to bed earlier than usual  am bored  miss my <propmale> 
so i guess am alright  could be better though  could be great! where u at?
is so spoiling her dinner by eating a bag of sour worms  dang they good!
is saying wats upper fb? and wonders why the silent treatment from my <propmale>?
welp a friend of mine has a bday coming next week  going to have to give 'em sumthang! then again my parents aniversary the same day  maybe i have to push back the bday another week hope they dont mind getting a present a week later 
"wonders if there is a problem? if there is one, wonders why they havent come to me about it? i mean thats what friends are for, right? two people working on a solution is better than one most of the time "
sleep eludes me yet again! man!
whew! doing research  need a computer though  guess better head to the library and wait a long time to get on the computer  the kids are out of school 
don't understand the vampire or the mafia wars  smh  i just don't get it 
"well i guess bout to go back to the house  library was busy as usual today catch yall on my phone\peace out"
dang! things are all messed up round here! looks like i have to take some steps necessary for getting back on track  need stability 
looks like am playing taxi tmmrw! a trip to the greyhound  i think thats on illinois street 
thinking bout getting rid of my kinky half dyed hair and going permed  will think of this some more and make a decision in december  i do know i will be lookn different come new year
is so not having a good day already! man! i woke up and was good  then things started going down hill  had argument with my dad  i cant deal wit drama early morning 
guess am bout to get ready to be a taxi driver and maybe later mite go shoot some pool  been neglectful 
is saying that i love everybody! though i do got some favorites 
goodnight  got to get up extra early to get a oil change 
"over slept, guess do oilchange tmmrw "
got me some more sour worms  now bout to read my book and kill 'em! them worms are so dead! hehehe!
"welp its been a lovely day  the sun was out  i went to the park and had a great time  scenery was gorgeous  must say god outdid himself when he created the world  its lovely everytime  thank u god for eyes that can see, and all my other senses "
not feeling well 
"am not feeling well  looks like i wont be driving round much later today  other than library and oil change , i am staying home  man!"
"man am at the place to get my 5 oil change  they had emergency  lady having chest pain, had to be driven to the hospital by one of her co-workers  i am going to pray that she be alright "
right  my stomach hurts something fierce  think i will lie down and take sum aspirin or something  wow!
"wish i could of spent more time with u today, but my stomach hurts  feels like an alien is eating me up from the inside out, like a movie i saw a long time ago  forget wat it was calld  hurts!"
so laying down has help my stomach  bout to play a game on my ps2 
"let the beat hit em , let the music take control  let the beat go round and round and up and down  - old skool for me  dont know the title of the song nor the artist  just know i remember that part  "
"to say that i love you wouldnt mean much, but to show it     means everything "
"had finally watch the movie- for colored girls  still a lil shaken, or shell shocked  i admit to crying  was a good movie  wats done in the dark will be revealed by the light  if u havent watched it i suggest u do "
is wondering where to begin? and wat to do once i figure the first question out? tough decisions   sn: movie- for colored girls  make u think on a deeper level  makes u realise that u are not alone with your problems  that there might be a person that went through or had a worse situation circumstance than yours 
"today is friday  that was quick  we almost at next week  time be flying sn- ever wonder why they never made a wonder woman or superwoman movie? i mean since they making all these <propfemale> comics dc comics movies , why not wonder woman superwoman?"
is up and failed to go to sleep  was reading a good book  lots of fighting and a touch of romance  do like action packed books  right now reading <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst> sanderson book 13 of wheel of time series  too bad <propfirst> <propfirst> passed away  good long series 
"am still here! thank god! opprotunity to start doing things the godly way  thank god for second,third, fourth, fifth and up to whatever amount of chances he have given us  especially for the hardheaded stubborn people like myself!"
went out to eat at the gc for my parents anniversary  had alright time until    man! this old white guy dropped a brownie and then proceeded to pick it up off the floor and put it back on the tray wit the other brownies  i am sooo never going to eat there again  i should of known buffets are not to be trusted  gross 
"if u have a question, inbox me and i will answer it "
ok  duct tape and crazy glue  wait  i dont have any crazy glue  so duct tape have to do - fixing a side mirror
"stupid rain  no duct taping today after all  bored and cold today  miss my bff, been busy i guess  oh well lets see wat i can get into today  grocery shopping and ps2  finally got the god of war walkthrough  kept getting stuck "
brrr  cold 
just want to know why it got to rain? its cold  out  am at the library 
"guess have to make it on my own  fb take nothing for granted time is a wasting on people that not bout the right  i cant wait till jesus comes  come lord please  tired of the stuff i been going through, need you now "
am bored again  to keep myself out of trouble i am going to sleep  got an interview tommorow at a gas station  wish me luck fb!
still up  guess i am a bit excited and nervous  interview jitters 
gotta interview in less than 2 hours  wish me luck fb 
welp the job wasn't for me  the lord will provide 
am bored  guess i go bake sum chicken
"i feel a bit stuffy nosed, headache, and my throat is scratchy  arrgh! winter is here  man!"
i need a computer with internet access  library only give 45min to 1hr  the things i need to do sometimes be longer  man!
guess i just sit back and see whats really going on with you  maybe i will finally understand and we can go from there  - my thoughts bout facebook!  laugh 
is going to be like sum people she know and get ghost  see if they like it  lmbo  wat comes around goes around  ijs!
would u get all righteous and sanctimonious if i cuss up a storm? just want  to e playful lode  want to cuss out a lot of folks  guess its best for me to get ghost  dont want to offend anybody  man!
had the godbabies over  kinda upset i am godmoma number 2  smh! i watched them as babies  no fair  i dont know bout having more than 1kid for myself  my <propfemale> is not very great after 2 kids in the house  i would definitely make sure everything is either cloth or plastic  though i think they would find a way to break that too! lmbo!
have a headache 
where you at?
it takes a fool to learn that love don't hurt nobody  so true 
life is so bitter tasting right now  going to drink me a sweet tea to livin it up  it not the regular either 
to have you only to lose you to circumstances! *sheddingalotoftears*
ok  bout to pass out  gn fb
got a hangover  smh!
disappointed  crushed  and disilluded  man! am sad  want my friend back 
i want my bestie back  * sulking*
time is of te essence 
mistakes everywhere  wheres the defense? arrgh!!! man! colts  smh!
man! *coltslost*
of course u are invited to thanksgiving dinner  we going to have a lot of food  yummy!
feels very cold  wheres a heating blanket when u need one  wonders if some body invented electric socks already  my feet cold 
though i am not no where near sleepy  i guess i will bid you all goodnight  if u see me back on here later i dont mind if u want to chat  i be insomniac cause i used to work 3rd shift 
"yeah, i am up and bout to get out of the bed too  just had to do some stretching  got a interview today pray for me "
body is tired  feel like i was lifting weight and doing crunches in my sleep 
and i'm  off to my interview  wish me luck and pray hard 
i am back from my interview  was nervous but overall i think i did ok  keep up the prayers  they will let me know by end of week 
its extremely <propfemale> but not that chilly out  in fact it feels great! wonders if all this wind means rain on the way 
want to go out today  shoot sum pool and listen to horrible kareoke  lmbo  maybe  i can get someone to <propfemale> out for couple hours  i am thinking 8pm or so 
thanksgiving 3 days to go  hungry already  maybe my bestie will come 
i guess no body want to go shoot pool and crack up to bad kareoke  fine  guess i browse internet and make sum more notes poetry  maybe read my book  smh!
"dang its raining like crazy outside  i remember somebody once said this was baby making weather as well as good sleeping weather  i would know bout the first claim since i dont have any kids,now the second claim is dead on the money  sn- allergies kicking up  man!"
"took sum benadryl to ease my allergies hayfever  nothing to do today, guess i will head to the library "
am a bit tired   and a bit bored  today would of been a great day to play uno with my bff  u also are invited to thanksgiving c  c 
forget the library that benadryl making me sleepy  going to sleep  if any want to talk  just text  call me up  u know my digits 
dang looks as if i got to go to westside to help my lil sis  all that driving man!
finally home  traffic was a beast 
family dollars sour neon gummi worms are truly sour unlike cvs or the brand name ones in black package  whew! got me puckering up for real 
"dang  i am in my covers trying to stay warm  it did work for a while,but i shifted and my foot got out  now am cold again "
is mad!
so it going down like that huh? shoulda known  what made me think it would be different? thats why i am mad  arrgh!!!
<propfemale>    who off tonight?
cooking again! who knew i was so domesticated  guess my parents love my baked chicken! no one off tonight? welp if u are give me a ring  we can catch up on ole times  thanksgiving in 2 more days! yeah! going to eat sun good food  yall dont know how the trotters get down do ya?*smackingmylipsinanticipation*
r  <propfirst> - i'm a flirt  lmbo!
"good morning fb! had an ok sleep last night  must of been snoring  throat all dry and sore  anyways  why dont everybody give me a rundown of all the food they gonna have tmmrw?1 more day till thanksgiving, yippee!"
"gobble, gobble happy thanksgiving to everyone  i hope u all eat real good, enjoy your family, and get stuffed! lmbo  love everybody! *smoochez*"
man! every year they have the black friday sale  every year i always have a financial conumdrum  i see radioshack has a laptop for 149 99 and menards have a 22inch tv for 99 dollars  smh! a digital camcorder for 19 99 at menards  dang it  why? i need a <propfemale> 
"yeah so bout this time last year i was filing for a divorce  in fact today the date  lets see how far i moved from that point  hmm  it seems the answer is not very far at all  welp, looks like i have my work cut out for me for next year "
"so would it be too much to ask,\will there be a thanksgiving afterset tmmrw? a place where a single person can <propfemale> with other singles and shoot pool?\"" i am just asking cause i know my day tmmrw will be done by 8pm and i will be bored after that  ijs!"""
welp got a date with a handsome gentleman on saturday  a girl got to have fun sometime in her life  hope it goes gud 
"welp, its official! today is thanksgiving day! i give thanks for all my family and all my friends! i give thanks to the lord jesus for giving me another <propmale> to get right by god  happy thanksgiving everyone! wat u thankful for?"
welp its dang near 6am  cant say i went to sleep though  so again want to say i love everybody and want to wish u all a happy thanksgiving  and i wish the best for u always  mwauh!
still up and about  smh  too much to handle so early in the morning  got to get cooking by noon  got a headache already  am enstranged with my bestfriend plus he getting married to boot  lots of things going down  man!
tired 
guess sleep has evade me  time to get up and help with the thanksgiving dinner  having home made everything  from stuffing to sweet potato pie 
o give thanks unto the lord for he is good yes he is good  - that was one of my favorite songs when i was singing in the church choir  still is my personal favorite  thank u lord for u are good yes u are good!
maybe me and a friend will go to a movie tonight  <propmale> potter? or for colored girls? i rather see <propmale> potter since i already seen the other choice 
stuffed
i am upset  though i cant do anything bout it  my friend leaving to go back home to stay  wish i could go too 
"sad! watchd  \for colored girls\"" with my ex co worker  movie made me think deep  already seen it with my mom and 2 sis  same results  came prepared with the tissue   i think <propfirst>  <propfirst> and whoever else made it should get some awards """
look like i am still having my date on saturday today  going to shoot pool and listen to sum bad kareoke  maybe it will cheer me up a bit  since my best <propmale> is going back home  to stay  smh! very sad over it  need a lil fun to take my mind off it 
so i am up  why??
listening to <propmale>- fist full of tears and mint condition- what kind of man  date went very well  extremely well  there might be sumthing  only time will tell 
welp fb  had awesome time  gotta wake up early  so nighty nite! *smoochez*
time for a re evaluation  going be me  put the fake ish aside   and nah it not bout a man boo! a man is not a necessary part of my life  duh i just like to dramatize and write poetry bout love  can a girl write stuff n not be considered low esteem desparate  heck just calling me those things is not helping  how bout we change up wat we say bout others?
other than my previous post wats happening fb?
making me a note 
crazy friends! smh!
night fb
so  am up  smh! lol!
am mad at contrail 
"got a headache, trying to figure where i last had my debit card "
welp its been gud fb  goodnight got a headache off the chain 
"busy days up ahead  friend of mine moms sick, askd me to take him to the hospital today  prayer is def needed  she got blood clot in her lung  wednesday got to go downtown  thrusday got an interview  so very busy week  pray for healing and me to get a job  with comcast "
ok fb  i need to practice on my interview  i need every body to come up with questions that a potential employer might ask me  for sum reason i always freeze and forget that they going to ask me questions  and when i get in it they ask me a question i might not of thought of  got to get my mind in gear  plus it helps to see what questions might get askd 
one more day to prepare  then its showtime!(got interview)
snow! man!
todays the day  pray and wish me luck on my interview 
goodnight morning fb  had excellent time last night 
interview today folks  at 1 30pm  am already in the parking lot  pray and wish me luck 
morning fb  hows everybody hanging?
playing my ps2 wit a friend  power rangers super legends videogame  fun times 
well had great day today  playd my ps2 and caught sum much needed zzz's  who knew i was this tired?
looks like all plans i had to <propfemale> out today has been canceled due to the horrible weather  i am staying in  no driving 
got a cold fb  smh! throat all jacked  weather is not helping 
i been hanging tough wit my <propmale> <propfirst>  playing ps2 and trying to get over my cold  waiting on a phone call   wats up wit yall?
so this cold was kicking my butt  i finally got it down to just the stoppd and runny nose phase  missd my bff contrail  thats ok he got work to do  plus been chilling with my homie <propfirst>  ps2 and fantasy movie heaven  made the fact that i was sick seem irrevelant  thanks <propfirst> boo!
argghh! why? stupid cold!
goodnight fb  sleep tight 
a better day is today  my cold is almost gone away  am thanking god for it even now  back to the grind of finding work 
taking benadryl for the sneezing and runny nose 
"so my cold is gone now its just allergies, benadryl should knock out my other symptoms  already feeling a-ok  yep "
wats gud fb? looks like snow is in the horizon this weekend 
playing ps2 with my <propmale> <propfirst>  power rangers super legends is getting harder and harder  narnia- <propmale> caspian game is fun too  its hard 
goodnight fb!
man! all this snow! its ridiculous! smh! who want to help me build an igloo? lmbo! shout out to my bff contrail and my new <propmale> <propfirst>! luv u guys!
now time for sum rest and recuperation  looking at all that snow makes me tired and want to hibernate  smh 
back sick again fb  dang snow made my cold rebound  no going out today unless someone else driving 
be prepared for my next note poem fb  yeah  yeah  i know probably nobody reads them  oh well  delete me if u dont want to see it  lmbo  or u can take time to read sum   i am no ones poetic justice but sum of my stuff is interesting 
"so yeah, i am starving over here  somebody come pick me up and take me to lunch please  i cant drive very well in these snowy slushy covered conditions  and i am not feeling bologna right bout now! arrgh! pure torture "
i ate bologna  its not sitting well  man! never doing that again  yuck  pure torture 
"question- if u could be any super hero, x-men, or any person wit super natural powers, who would u be or wat powers would u want?"
hello everyone!
am excited! i believe sumthing good is coming my way soon! thanking god in advance for watever it is! yeah! go jesus!
i think its almost time for a makeover  maybe near my bday  yeah!
still feel as though something gud is going to happen sometime in the near future  dont know wat but i am most definately looking forward to it  thank u lord 
singing black eye peas song- i got a feeling!
yeah! i havent been to sleep yet and its 9 26 am  goodnight fb 
man! now i gots a headache  2 hours of sleep dont cut it fb  dont know why my brain didnt go to sleep like everybody last night  now i am suffering the consequences  arrgh  in spite my headache  i still got a feeling that things will be getting better  dont know the details  and am still thanking god 
"question- if u could go back in time and were given the <propmale> to change one thing bout your past, what would it be?"
guess i will try to sleep again 
"hello! its snowing yet again in indy  every year since i had my liscence in the winter i have done a 360 in the middle of the road  so i am gud, i am staying in  man!"
"why? am freezing? shout out to my bff contrail, hoping u having fun wit your updated laptop and doing gud on your math  i just register for online classes today  taking up digital graphic design  and to my <propmale> <propfirst>  <propfirst> i going to  come play ps2 with u  we got to play the narnia game  i also going to put  note poem  on fb  eventually "
welp fb  seems as though things was lookn up  i had a setback  i will work it out  eventually  right now i am sad  wish i could changed sum things  smh  contrail i miss u  i need to talk  u the only one that listens  and u give gud advice majority of the time  thats why u my bff  inbox me 
dang fb! heres a lil backdrop for u   i was diagnosed by a doctor as a kid with a disease that usually affects people twice or three times my age  and right now arthiritis is kicking my butt  dang this cold weather  i ache all over  please lord let this winter be quick so spring and summer be here 
go blue!
congrats to colts 
"mwauh! though things never seem to go the way we want it, i still care enough for the both of us  a friend is hard to find but a good friend is a rarer <propfirst>  mwauh! love everyone "
snow! smh!
just chilling wit my <propmale> <propfirst> boo  having alright time 
looking at wwe tribrute to the troops  p  diddy sang every breath  whats upper fb?
v for vendetta! good action movie 
nitey nite fb 
last minute gifts  please forgive me  i got the cheap ones  i am unemployed people  u get wat i can afford  mwauh  love you 
am cold tonight 
"wow! xmas time is here! 1 more day! man! i will never understand  a  person mind  at least not as soon as i would like  heck, i am still trying to get to know me and ive been me for 31 years  lord help me to learn quickly and to not offend in the process amen! smh!"
"got to get up early tmmrw fb  last <propfemale> shopping, last <propfemale> signup for school, a trip to the gas station, and cleanup the house  fun times  cept for the cleanup part  lol "
"alright alright goodnight,goodnight!"
dang my throat hurt! this weather is not conducive towards a persons health!
getting worse! arrggh!
feeling miserable  plus i am going to be behind on my classes  smh  lord i need a miracle 
"my throat hurt, and my neck feels like it bout to break  i took sum meds but it not working "
<propfemale> christmas! laadeedahdum! lmbo!
got a fever! 100 4! bad news bears  feel horrendous!
am going back to school  yeah! tommorow is orientation  guess while i got all this free time i might as well better myself  dont got any children or a boyfriend husband to worry about  so thats a plus  more study time 
my financial aid did not go through so i will not be going to school after all  dang and here i was getting all hyped 
"thanks everybody for the comments on my hair  my best friend, that i call her my cusin , <propfemale> guzman did it  she charges 25  she also know how to do other things too! u can look her up on my friends list and add her to your friends list  tell her u interestd in getting your hair done  she will go from there "
glad that was only a dream  i am stuborn and i would of gotten killd over robbers trying to steal my debit cards  lmbo! bout to cuss them out in my dream  gud thing i woke up  man!
cant wait for things to get better  times a wasting  lol 
well i must admit i am glad this year is almost over  next year i am starting with a fairly clean slate  going to make a impact in my own life instead of wasting energy with others  yeah it is selfish but i believe its time for me now 
double standards! smh!
welp today is the last day for this year  midnight starts the begining of a new chapter in sum peoples book  will the chapter be a support to the overall story of their lives or the action episode  want mine to be the action part  time for a take off!
<propfemale> perrys -teenage dream  i kinda like the song  yep!
"happy new years, a lil early but dont worry i will write it again at the correct time "
lord help things are getting way out of whack! man!
"want to give shout to my bff, c c  what up man?"
time is a wasting fb  time is a wasting! things got to start looking better asap!my <propfemale> is starting to run out when it come to me finding a place of employment arrgh! i dislike not having to work!this is like the longest not vacation ever!
want my bff to come back with something from nyc just for me! while he there hope he has fun with his fam 
arrgh!! as <propfirst> brown would say  arrgh! good grief!!
kust got done playing mafia wars and vampire wars  i will never truly understand it  i is so weird 
got to give my left thumb a break  it all jammed up and sore from playing god of war1 on my ps2  spent 5 hours last night trying to beat the hydra <propmale>  and i still havent killd him  thats the first boss  dang this game ridiculuosly hard!
i am proud to say my weave lasted 1 whole week  i am also ashamed that in the morning i will remove that same weave  its driving me crazy  i am itchy scalp  i believe my eczema has flared up  arrgh!
"going to stay home and chillax  listen to some music, watch a dvd, and eat popcorn "
"my weave mite last till next tuesday  if so, that will be 2 whole weeks  hopefully i can endure till then  thatll be the longest time i ever kept a professional hairstyle  can i do it fb? can i endure? only god knows!"
the world looks very different now! terror everywhere  no one is safe  jesus is coming sooner than we think  the signs are most def there for whole world to see  mass chaos! whew!
on a less serious note  wats happening fb?
if u had a billion dollars         ??what would u do wit it fb??
go colts!
hello fb!
welp am bored  guess i be chillaxing at home again 
listening to love calls by kem  am a bit sad  nothing new on that front  guess its time to move on  lmbo @ myself!
got a new note poem coming soon fb!
"ok  i made peace with the fact that i may be single and childless for the rest of my natural life  so best get out my pen and paints and bible  i got some catching up to do  writing my poems, painting pictures, and reading bout the goodness of my god  love u lord  fill in the gap jesus  amen!"
 smile 
ok  i lost my bible  man! gotta buy a new one 
would u consider me lazy if i said i was seriously thinking about going to sleep right now?
goodnight fb!
"listening to, keyshia <propmale>- sent from heaven, beautiful song!"
admits that i am heartbroken  so <propfemale> me  i am also bored to death 
bored  bored  miss my friend c c  also want to play my ps2 wit my other friend <propfirst>  i also want a job  it looks like i can not get any of wat i want right away  arrgh!
dang  had too much caffiene today  now i cant go to sleep  smh 
lord thank you for waking me up this morning  help me to stay focus to try to get things done in a timely fashion  help me to refrain from spending money in a wasteful way  help me to be more discipline in everything  also help me to stop cussing out loud and in my head cause people drive like lunatics  amen!
still trying to keep this weave in  tmmrw would be 2weeks  taking it out and then i be back to my  multi colored afro  mite get the color cut off soon 
"yeah,i heard  we going to get a lot of snow early morning tuesday  am staying at home  will go look outside on wednesday to see if roads are driveable  maybe i will keep this hair in longer than i thought  i am a true soldier  lmbo  hopeing i dont get another itching attack  try for another week "
want to say that i love my family and all my friends  every last 200+ of yall  sorry i dont talk to the majority of yall  though i doubt if any of u even cares  though i do read most everyones post if u write one  just wantd every body to know i love u  mwauh!
has honesty and respect become extinct(spelling)?
well it look like a lot of snow  wet snow  we can make a snowman with it  nah! not going out today  so have fun sliding in the streets people  be careful and drive slow 
just thinking    
is wondering if there is any good reason to lie to someone u love?
is in my warm bed thinking that i am going to fall asleep early today  i hope i dream good dreams 
goodnite fb
bored 
i need a sleep aid 
"dang i hope this wont be a recurring issue(majority of my friends talking bout the game)  please lord let it not be so, amen!"
why i feel like i need to go back to sleep?
"posed to play taxi today  though  if they dont call or contact me soon, i will change my mind  i seen it snowed sum more  feeling sleepy again "
welp  today was a busy day  i playd taxi  maybe i should get my chauffers liscence and be a taxi driver  hmmm  mite be a gud idea   
am home  it was fun hanging with my bff today  love you!
so maybe i will chill for a while  wish i could play uno wit friends to pass up the time  i dont have any great fantasy books to read or any paint  that god of war game keep on eluding me  i cant seem to beat the first boss  dang <propmale>  hydra! wats up fb? wat everybody up to?
"i am not truly satisified with my being single  at least not with the idea of that being my state of life for the rest of my life  so am asking the lord for <propfemale> to presevere till the right man find me  though lord knows who i want, <propmale> chesnut  is he married already? hope not  if so then a nice man who loves god and me, will do "
"see fb! its so hard to go to sleep like other people  i am a night owl  any body hiring for 3rd shift, sign me up "
though today wont be as interesting as yesterday  i am going to make the most of it  going to eat my suga cookies and icecream and listen to my keyshia <propmale> cd  then maybe i might attempt to defeat the hydra <propmale> on god of war video game 
"wow! maybe i might have a pow wow! uno! baby! just kidding  today is going according to plan  ate my suga cookies and icecream  now keyshia <propmale> here i come  might take a nap too  unless anyone has sumthing better for me to do  uno sounds like fun right bout now  so do poker, i declare war, speed, and dominoes  even a game of trouble sounds gud "
"goodnite fb  if u need to chat, text me  please do not call unless u do not have texting availible to u  peace "
ms <propmale> is on! zzzz   give me a wake up at 5 6pm
well  i had an great day  very une playful ected surprise  cant stop grinning   tmmrw bout to <propfemale> wit my baby sis and our cuz best friend  just relax and rewind  girls only!
thinking bout <propfemale> minaj joint- moment in life 
"fall for your type- <propfirst> fox  i like, i like  had me thinking bout all the men i ever dated  hmmm "
ok  maybe i need to lay off the caffeine  tried to go to sleep it not working 
still tired  had sum crazy dreams  kept waking up in the middle of them  and i think i got restless leg syndrome  my legs feel like i was walkin a lot in my sleep or sumthing  though when i woke i was still in my bed 
"man! guess next time i get askd a question , i am going to ignore it  cause i usually tell the truth and most ppl say they want the truth but in reality the dread it  wat if the truth didnt make u feel better, but actually made u feel worse than a lie would? would u rather the lie or the truth? which would u perfer fb?"
think i am addicted to coffee  going to pay for it later wit hardly no sleep tonight 
starved  thinking bout that strawberry swirl icecream  am lactose interolant  want sum icecream though  gud thing am not going anywhere today  here i come icecream! yummy!
dang i guess i am minus one friend  smh!  i should start lying to my friends more maybe they would stay my friends  lmbo@myself! i will miss u  peace out and be careful  i will always think of u as my <propmale> whether u think so or not  mwauh!  dang it 
talkn and drinkn wit my girl 
had a decent time talkn an hanging wit my sis and cuz today  we drank a bit  at least it was at home  had to do sum catching up on each other lives  chill and relax witout the kids or any other distractions  had ok time  love u <propfemale> and <propfemale>  mwauh!
"just drinking my daily cup of coffee  too bad places closed due to it being a holiday  got to do everything on tuesday  maybe i can visit my friends this week  since it going to be a short week  just hope we dont get any snow or if we do, just a lil bit "
so we got silly mugs  on fb  lmbo! love every last one of yall  lol!
ha! thats wat u get!
lets see how much everybody know me  if u my real friend u would know the answers  1  wats my fav pop? 2  wats my fav colors? 3  wat i do in my spare time? 4  when i went to school wat was my <propmale>? 5  am i married or divorced? 6  wats my zodiac sign before the stupid article came out?
so today is <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr  day  i appreciate what he set out to do in his life  he helped this nation grow and blend together 
fb  i finally took out my weave  dang my head tender  give my head 2 more weeks to recuperate then i will get it done again  maybe longer 
<propfemale> <propfirst>- whatever  whatever you want me to do! lol  i will be singing this song to my future husband  yeah! and u know this man!
"love me some <propfemale> <propfirst> old songs  he loves me! her songs sound like wat i would say to someone i am feeling deeply  lets take a long walk around the park after dark  ,"
obviously i got my mp3 on repeat for all <propfemale> <propfirst> songs   i need to get sum of her new ones  am not willing to change it to gucci mane yet  lol!
ouch!
gonna take a hot steamy shower and go to bed   today was a stagnant day  maybe tmmrw will be a lot more live 
so i trimmed my hair  most of the gold is out  back to my basic color  dark dark brown  i wish i could say it black but its not dang it 
hmm   i wish 
dang    this is bad    i cant go to sleep now  i am hyped up for no apparent reason  got dry eyes too  they hurt 
had a great day today   lovely time  had me thinking bout <propfemale> scotts- he loves me   smile  beautiful song  even got that as a ringtone  now if i can have a person to assign it to 
"ok  i know its early but i am going to try it anyway  i am tired  hope it works this time  alrighty then, here goes nothing         goodnight fb, love every last one of yall, mwauh! (what?! did u think i was going to say something different? rotflmbo!)  playful "
k  more snow  *groan*
over my <propmale> <propfirst> house using the computer  looking up some songs and some obs  wish i brought my controller to the ps2  we could of played narnia  smh! i forgot it  bout to head home in a few 
insomnia is back  gud thing i got sum new songs on my mp3 
got <propfirst> fox new song on my mp3  fall for your type  its so beautiful sounding  got it on repeat  i couldnt go to sleep  my head wont let me 
good afternoon fb  just not feeling good myself  wish things were less ify and more concrete  that way i could get sum rest 
am in a gross mood today  am open to texts and calls to cheer me up  u all got my digits  smh! just gross 
dang its dark already  i dont like winter much  i really dont  i am a spring baby  i got to have sunshine 
my real friends write me back  thanks to all who do write me back  i still love all my other associates on here too  mwauh!
its over  i give up  i am going to face reality  its never going to happen  i understand  i cant make someone love me  even jesus couldnt get everyone to love him and he is the son of god  smh!
i am just going to forget everything i ever thought or knew bout love  crap dont work 
smh! a gross mood today! it havent gotten better  better put on sum bandages on my bleeding heart  smh!
listening to t i  - whatever you like  i wished    
r <propfirst> - i wish* uh huh me too missing my grandma  she was my only friend outside my mom for a long time  rip grandma! i love u!*
"u see right through me, how do yall do that?"
i am so cold  need to be warm 
"i am in a relationship  i know everyone probably thinking, dang she work fast  i do  and the person is very nice  puts me first  and loves and respects me  they gave me great advice on everything  though i admit i didnt listen half the time  i known this person for a long time  years  i love u boo  sorry i took so long to realise your feelings for me "
"summer coming  best get me a gym membership, so i can look ravishing for my boo  my baby want to see to see me in a smaller size  says i got too many lumps in all the wrong places  told my hun that if i do lose weight my lady lumps would be the first to go  my honeybunches of oats said just do it  i said i will  cause i want to be in a smaller size clothes too "
my love is not  a jealous person  in fact i can still have friends that are men  nope not jealous at all  i kinda worry if that means my babe is overly confident that no one can enroach on their territory or that they dont think my men friends are attracted to me  dunno 
"my hun is medium height, has short hair, and a lil tummy   i love the way they walk, talk, and listen to every word i say   a very gud friend  took them a while to confess their feelings to me  at first they was so busy with school and then it was making that paper  though we stayd in contact through it all  even my divorce  a gud friend  i love u  sorry i be slow sumtimes boo "
do to doo da! i am so happy now  its great to know that someone u like loves u back  may everybody feel as great as i do  i think this is the one  wat it do?  smile 
ouch! <propfirst>  u got to stop poking me  i am getting bruised up! rotflmbo! wats up?
i am going to get my boo to beat u up <propfirst>! they going to get u like a dungeon dragon! pow! rotflmbo! now stop poking me  dang fb for making the poke availible to heihehci(tekken) looking characters on fb  peanut head!
bout to go to walgreens and look to see if they got sum books  while i am there going to check out the chocolate and the sour gummies  maybe my <propfemale> would want sum cheetoes or sum gushers 
just got back  walgreens selection in books has went to a all new low  as in almost nonexistent  though i did get the chocolate  regular size milky way and twix is  49 cents  2 $2 <propmale> size hershey bars  got the cheetoes for my boo  and sum sour gummy worms for  99 cents  as well as a orange pop for  79 cents  i didnt see any gushers  guess i will share my worms wit my baby 
goodnite fb! my boo and i are a bit tired  *wink wink* lol! ok  maybe i am the one thats tired  my boo left me after the walgreens run  i miss em  ok nitey nite!
ok  well  never mind am not that tired  read my book and listen to <propfirst> brown- crawl 
i am just now getting it  all my life i had what lady gaga song proclaim- a bad romance  crappy  now it is getting better since my love opened up and told me how they felt  communication is a key to having a great romance  love u boo bear!
am listening to kem- if its love  if its love it will last forever  beautiful song 
"am pissed  men be making me mad! think they can do or say anything and get away wit it  i know sum women do it too  but men have one on us  to all those losers out there both men and women, u gonna get yours  i am just saying  vengence is mine says the lord  yep yall gonna get it gud "
ok  i am up  long night 
my babe and i are having a issue  hoping things get better  feeling a lil down 
my boo thinks i am fat as a house  dont believe we going to be together anymore  i cant lose weight overnight  guess am going to be single again  dang   oh well  nothing new there  wats up with yall fb?
if any one want to have a personalized <propfirst> card made up  i will hook up the poems and u can pick which u want to put in your card to your love  got plenty of love poems  since i made them over the years  inbox me 
"i can even draw it out a <propfirst> card for u  any pics  hand drawn, or computer generated, or just your own pic  i can put it all together wit a poem to suit the card  its just a idea  gives me sumthing to do for the next month "
"if it makes u feel any better just supply the card stock, pics u want use, and choose a poem, or have me make one up on the fly  just need a lil description of the person and what makes them stand out to u  i will do it for free  though i admit i would charge  a fee of 4 50 per card made if it is widely popular  meaning more then 20 people ask for a card made "
wats up fb?
welp  i got to move on fb  tell me how u moved on when or if the person u loved dont want u no more? what u do?
"got sum cds but they only play on my moms portable dvd player  and she stay glued to that player, watching an old t v series  any body remember ally mcbeal? yeah so i cant listen to them  am mad they dont work on my ps2 or my car radio "
me an my boo went out today and got the cds from my bff  my baby had a moment and got into it with my bff  almost did a dungeon dragon on c c  but my bff reason it out with my love  thanks c c  for the cds and putting up with my boo 
lmbo! i am crazy sumtimes! pow!
i love my <propfemale>! so sweet  knows how to pick me up when i am down  and is faithful 24 7   so strong and beautiful in they own way  knows what they want and goes after it  and is so truthful  they have never strayed nor lied to me  i love u boo! stay lovely 
"today is saturday  tell me why i never make it out the house on the weekend  i be meaning to head out and shoot sum pool, yet i never make it  none of my friends want to <propfemale> at a bar or pool hall wit me  yall are sick by the way  though i love ya  smh!*letsgoplay*"
welp got to go to fedex kinkos  get on the computer real quick 
"how do u handle rejection, fb?"
"k  enough questions with no easy answers  guess i will head to sleep  maybe i might be getting married soon fb  who knows  till then, goodnight! dueces!"
ok  i am going to come clean  i dont got a boyfriend  lol! yeah! am still single  shout out to <propfirst>  thanks for not spilling the truth out  i know i took it to the extreme  lmbo! thanks  u a gud friend   had to liven up my day sumhow! hehe! pow! gotcha fb! rotflmbo!
am listening to kem- if its love  if its love it will last forever  beautiful song  wish i could of gotten his older albums downloaded  kemistry  would love to hear love calls  dang it 
<propmale> studdard- feel beautiful  my jam! mite have to put in on repeat  remember when i was working my job  i would put that on repeat  and run around my pick cell singing it at the top of my lungs  everybody be like they thought i was running over a rabbit  rotflmbo!
alright  goodnig   i mean good morning fb  i am going to head to sleep finally  my eyes are droopy  dont wake me till noon  got to get at least 3 hrs in
<propfirst> u always poking me! i am going to get u! lol!
lmbo! i am crazy sumtimes! pow! going to lay low today and play ps2 and watch football 
thinking bout just staying home  i did go to bed all late  dang near 8am  and woke up round noon  tired  wake me up at 8pm fb 
staying home after all  alright am going to sleep  wake me up at 8pm fb  otherwise i will stay sleep till 10 11pm and will be up the rest of the night again  smh!
yawn!! gn fb  see at 8pm or so 
"just another day and another night in the life of <propfemale> trotter     wats happening fb? tell  me who all played against each other today and won in football  ever since the colts lost i admit to not watching football anymore  i figure wats the point, it aint the colts  so i need an update "
maybe i go back to sleep 
i want to jump into the happily ever after part of my life already 
hear it is almost 8am and the sun havent came out yet 
snow    
chilling at the library  trying to put in job applications 
dang i never have enough time on the library computer  i just filled out one application and only got 14minutes left  it sucks not having your own computer now  days
listening to 112- cupid  that was the jam 
yeah  i am bored 
most definitely bored  someone please put me out my misery!!
had to pick up a <propmale> from skool  turned out to be a entertaining day  yep   smile 
got sour stomach 
good night  lmbo!
getting my tune up today  man i am broke already  the rest of this week going be hard 
dang that tuneup put a dent in my pocket  charge me 60  that is cheap compared to alot of places  parts bout 30  problem- my turn flash dont work right  we got a new one but cant find the old one to take it out  and replace   maybe  we can get ahold of someone to put it in 
"first time i ever had my phone die completely out fb  this week so far is a ok week for me  other than i am broke, got to say i still had fun so far  shoutout to my new friend  u know who you are "
going to join the gym  going to join the gym today! yeah!
am sleepy  i might take a nap 
and before i head to sleep  i want to say that i had a great time over my friend house  good convesation  stay strong mr  bond!
wat is love exactly? a bond someone has for another? two friends making a choice to be more than friends together? physical attraction? a decision to protect and cater to another? emotions? wat exactly is love? love is what god say it is in 1 corinthians 13  if u dont have love u dont have nothing *realtalk*
"fb  i am coming out with another note poem soon  just want to share good news  am dating again  i know, i know  this time i am telling the truth "
women are angels and when someone breaks our wings we  simply continue to fly      on a broomstick  we are flexible like that     if u like this post it!
"maybe i was mistaken  i do be assuming stuff  maybe i am not dating  i think not  sorry everyone  false alarm  i am still single and available  my bad  i was bout to get happy bout it too and start congratulating myself  at last, i was dreaming up stuff  it was a lovely dream for a second though  smh!"
fb  goodnight 
dang feel like i was punch on the side of my throat fb  smh! could be the dang  sinus
maybe things will start looking better  <propfirst> is coming and i need a date  who want to be my <propfirst>? lol!
am bored my friend was posed to call me  guess my friend fell asleep  smh!
tell me why my feet is cold fb! so bored  need entertainment  wheres the talking babies for etrade or the woodchuck comercial for geico?
"so am a lil sad  no date today  oh well, his lost  wat up fb?"
a lil bit tipsy! how everybody doing? hold up i cant feel my legs 
when is superbowl?
heard going to be a blizzard or sumthing
"rain, rain, go away! heck that aint rain! more, like it ice! smh! slippery than the slippery noodle out there  fb, be careful  peace out!"
dang my sis messed up my gud sleep  man! i probably be up rest of the nite  no fair!
omg! its treacherous outside  dont walk out doors and not e playful ect to slide all around  my dad got stuck in his truck  had to chip away the ice to get him out  wow! bout half an inch thick ice formed on my car  door is frozen solid  if u got to work tmmrw i advise getting up 3hrs earlier 
my bff <propfirst> be on the roll today  like your rhymes raps bay!
shout out to all my fb friend who got to go to work despite all the ice that is on your car  be safe and drive like u got sum sense  slick than i dont know wat  dont care how late u is for work  work cant replace your life  *realtalkdriveslow*
guess i will go to sleep finally  goodnite fb 
"omg! my mom fell and maybe broke her wrist  they headed to the hospital now  told them i am not going outside  back in the day i remember falling all the time going to my bus stop  not going out there  uh uh, not me  pray for my parents and my sis to make it there and back "
"drinking coffee  fb i hate the taste of coffee  problem is that its the cheapest source of caffeine other than maybe tea  see, fb, i am addicted to caffeine  if i dont get my daily fix i would be dragging all day and snappish  u dont want me to be snappish  trust me on this  lmbo! seriously, u dont "
my sis just calld me from the hospital  the nurse said my mom arm lookd deformed  they going to do sum xrays and my mom might have to undergo surgery to straighten her arm out  pray for her fb  she on a iv drip of painkillers right now 
my poor mama  xrays show her wrist is most definitely broken  she will have to get surgery  my poor mama! she at the hospital waiting on the surgeon  my dad and sis came back 
my poor mama! bout to go to surgery now  my dad and sis headed back now 
ok  its seems that my text is not working properly  cause i sent 5 people the same text n only one got it  my mom is ok  she didnt have surgery after all  the doctor realigned her arm and put it in a sling  she will be ok  thanks to all who prayed  *seeprayerdoeswork*
just got done watching <propmale> <propfirst> in enter the dragon  been a long while since i seen it  gud karate or watever 
i went outside today  got sum of the ice off my car  was bout half inch thick up to whole inch and a half of ice  now the problem is my wheels are half submerged in ice and i keep slipping on the chunks i chippd off my car  i am stuck  cant backup or drive  smh 
dang  i am in my covers and i am cold still  no fair 
craving sum chocolate  smh 
i miss him  is that even possible? smh!
my tires are stuck in the ice  thats so not gud right now fb   hopefully tmmrw be a lil warmer and i can make a dent in the ice  was going to boil sum water and pour it round my tires but was told that was a bad idea  kinda like pouring hot water on your frozen windsheild  u end up later with a crackd windsheild  so hot water is now a no go for my tires  smh!
my car is so giving me a headache  dang wheels! cant get out  bout to go stir crazy  heard theres a a singles- one night stand tmmrw at new life worship center church  was thinking bout going  am single  dunno now  stuck in the driveway  smh 
"yeah im single, i am single "
ok maybe its not fair to blame my car for my headache  its my glasses thats doing it  ouch  prescription is old  bout dang near 4years since my last eye exam  smh 
dang i am bored  can sumbody come by and swoop me up  lets go bowling or sumthing  lasertag?
"so i went around poking people  i admit, i am bored  have to make up my own entertainment  shout out to all who just got poked by me in the past 5 minutes  shout out to all the other 200+ ppl i didnt poke  i would if i could  love every last one of yall "
"instead of the\heat is on\"" we going to say the\""poke is on\"" ! ouch! i bruise easily  people on fb be poking too hard  lmbo!"""
"mwauh! and if u love me send it back  lol!          i know, i know  u probably wondering wat is up wit <propfemale>  hello!!! its called boredom, it contagious, and i got it  if u dont send me the love back u run the risk of catching it too! mwauh! lol!"
listening to <propfemale> minaj- here i am* pink friday* tight!
"listening to <propfirst> fox- freak*best night of my life* everybodys, sumbodys, freak! can i be yours! - thats a tight song  its so true in a sense  loving all his new songs "
fall for your type- <propfirst> fox  love this song  its so smooth  it flows  the instrumentals is outstanding  love it  drakes lyrics  smh! perfectly done  and the video! omg!
i will never get over this song  its the bomb! love it  somebody burn the cd for me  please  thanks  <propfirst> fox- best night of my life  thanks  i will love u for ever  promise 
all my friends are contaminated  smh! i tried to save yall  cant say i didnt try  i love you guys and gals  i truly do  i have to quarintine u  if u want to be free of contaminents shake off the disease of boredom then give me sum love! mwauh! hahaha!
"was looking at my profile pic  i notice its not one of my best takes  though my eyebrows look perfect  and my cheeks look like they got blush on them  fb  only thing i did was put on lipstick  dang  i look great  ijs! not tooting my own horn, but shoot    toot  toot  lmbo!"
sad and a bit lonely  i am missing someone  my other half?
ahh well  missing something  is it u?
yeah got a lot on my mind  hard to go to sleep  missing u  man! smh!
smh  ok i will attempt to go to sleep  alright  goodnight 
well wats going on today fb? am up real quick  bad dreams  ahh well  wheres the coffee? going to try to see if my car want to cooperate today 
argh! why am i still stuck? its tween mud and the ice  mad! really am  it it to be 50degrees for bout 4hrs  melt this and dry it up sum  good  gravy
sumbody help  please  till then i am taking a nap  if u can help me get out my driveway inbox me thanks  my mom got a broken hand and my dad at work 
welp guess i am stuck  dang it 
so i am taking this time of revelation to see who is a true friend of mine  probably wont be able to drive for another 4 or 5 days  or if the snow gets melted low enough where no one slides all over the place trying to push me out  this actually means no seeing my friends and no taxing them around  welp we will see they true colors 
admits  i am i a bad mood  bout to pull my loner on and not be socialiable for a while  today is last day  tmmrw i mite say 1 thing but i will pretty much be anti-social for a while 
goodnite fb  dont e playful ect much convo from me in the next couple of days  unless my car get unstuck 
yep i am so done  more snow  arrgh! antisocial mode is engaged  smh! please do not disturb 
gross mood 
"dang my whole body sore  i guess all this stress, me falling, and me shovelling ice and me carrying hot water and me trying to help push my car out the ditch got me sore and hurt everywhere "
yep  i am a bit happy  early bday present to myself  laptop  now to get internet service  shoutout to mr  chisholm who gave great advice on which laptop to get  c c  u a computer whiz  glad u my friend  thanks  for being very helpful and making everything is as advertised all via cell  if u was here i would give u a big sloppy kiss and hug u to death  lmbo! thanks 
"listening to <propfemale> <propfirst>- he loves me , on my new laptop! so kool!"
oh  today has been an eventful day! am sleepy now! going to put away my new laptop and go to sleep  goodnite fb!
still sore as if i was beaten or ran over by kids in power wheel cars 
god done brought people into your life for a reason  its up to you to figure out why or wat for or for how long 
k  fb  i am still sore and to boot i am tired  i gonna do a shoutout to my friends and associates  shoutout!!! and goodnite  goodnite!!!
ok  goodnite for real this time at 4 40am
"so, wats gud fb? since i probably wont have a date on <propfirst> weekend since i am single  i would like to know wat would constitute as a great romantic <propfirst> date  i never had a date so i wouldnt know  tell me wat yall did for your past dates "
welp guess i will go take a nap  everybody is too busy to talk on here 
on my laptop  no internet yet but least i can listen to my music and play majong 
welp going to go to sleep  i was listening to my music on my laptop  got me a songlist  once i get internet and sum cds i going to learn how to burn a cd  just learnt how to rip cds  hope it dont affect the orignal cd   anybody knows?
"im living my life like its <propfemale>, living my life like its <propfemale>,<propfemale>  living my life like its <propfemale>  im taking my freedom, pulling it off the self  im taking my own freedom, doing wat comes naturally  im living my life like its <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>   - <propfemale> <propfirst>'s <propfemale>  am taking heed "
gudnite  again  i be up again by 7 or 8  taking a nap 
am up again  that was refreshing 
bout to watch sum movies via laptop 
might have a date on <propfirst>s  if thats to happen they got to come get me cause i am still stranded till the weather permits  too bad all my male friends are car less  so no <propfirst> after all  dang and i never e playful erienced it with anyone  maybe next year  sumone wish me better luck next year  thanks 
"gudnite fb  be back later,peace out  yawn!"
i wish that when u poke sumone that it let u have the option to attach a personal note to the person u just poke  mainly so i can figure out why we poking each other any way? i am so confused as to why we back n forth poking each other  dear owner of fb can u give us a option to send a poke with a note please? otherwise take of the poke  since i dont know why people poking me for  thanks  lmbo! <propfemale> 
"just got done watching the warriors way, great movie! cool samauri fighting  awesome kill effects  lmbo! i made up that last one, kill effects! lol!"
"u had that masculine thing down though, shoulders back, back straight, never round  u just running across my mind  -<propfemale> <propfirst>"
"you are the most beautiful person in the whole world  if we could light a candle in your honor, it would seem as if yours was the brightest flame  you are the most intelligent person i know  getting advice from you, feels like i done struck it <propmale>  i am so glad to have u as my friend and savior  ~ adoration to the god most high"
alright guess i will go to bed now 
am tired  smh! why ? guess i will be staying home after all  no valentines this year  time to go back to sleep  dream of better times and warmer climates 
man! stressing! need my friends to give me encouragement 
"love is everything u ever thought or imagine it to be  love can stand the test of time  love is strong and is kind  love can bring u a peace of mind  love is always good  to love someone means  u have all these qualities in your relationship  if u dont already got it, u need to step up your game  love is always there and its waiting on u *justwantedtowriteboutlove*"
"i am finally free! yeah! got my car out wit help of my dad, neighbor, cardboard and salt"
"ok fb  i wont be commenting much unless its bout boring stuff  got a lot of things to do, got to get crack a lackin  specially since got my car free  if u dont hear from me much its cause i am at the gym "
ok  im woke (first boring coment )
smh@myself 
"happy valentines day everyone  i love all of you  hope that u all have a wonderful day with the person you love  i know everyday should be valentines for u, but i want u to go ham on today with the love  just go all out  you never know it may be your last time to show your feelings in 3d to your love one  lifes short and feelings change  get crack a lackin people!"
"got my internet, problem is its extra slow  oh well  long as it work  i can always go to the library if i want faster speed lol"
ok i see  internet be faster late nite  kool  i want to applogize in advance to all my true fb friends  i wont be talking on fb much after this  now i get to use the applications and look up youtube stuff and movies  fb going to be on the back burner for real though and when i get my external hard drive its on and poping  i am just saying  sorry  love every last one of yall 
good nite fb
"had a great day today! went on a date  had fun  gud clean, no strings attached fun  just got to talking and getting to know each other in a public setting  watever happened to sitting or walking and talking to a person? wat happen to the days when people got to know each other before all the extracurricular activies? wat happen to courting?"
listening to <propfirst> legend's-ordinary people  gud song 
k  facebook  got to go to sleep  got to get up early and handle sum business  nitey nite! love everybody! mwauh!
sup fb?
good night fb
morning! hows everyone?
bored
just woke up  dont see nothing new  so am going back to sleep  yawn  love everybody  be gud now  shellychelle will everybody when she wakes up again  lord willing  peace out fb!
today was definitely a great day  hope to have a repeat sum other day        anticipating for that day already  hopefully it will happen again for my bday  <rubbing my hands together impatiently> lol!
welp time for bed got to be up  interviews  people pray for a sister  love everybody! mwauh!
looks like the same ole  ok good nite then fb 
brrr  its cold 
wat to do? wat to do?
hopefully tmmrw  today be a better day  allergies be gone  i am hopeing
maybe i will burn sum movies today 
having a ok day nite tonight 
"u guessed it, i am still awake  insomnia!"
had a great time playing tekken 4   was whooping sum tail     finally! though near the end i didnt do so well  messed me up when we traded controllers thats ok  18 to 6 is still a win!
unfortunately i am very competitive  who knew? lmbo!
alright bout to wash my hair and go to bed  goodnight fb!
am staying in the house  gas is way too high to drive  heard the dang bus is high too 
was on skype  guess my internet slower than most  ohhh welll! at least i got on the video call for the first time ever thats cool wished it didnt get all messed up cause of the slow connection 
still up fb  staying home today  trying to download my movies still  i started at 5pm yesterday  my internet is slow  it only startd picking up speed at 2am  go figure  smh!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz                                                      zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz                 i wished!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"still downloading movies  it got slow again, smh"
tangled is a gud movie  so is narnia- <propfemale> treader
"127 hours, smh! based off a true story  glad the guy alive  sad bout the arm  smh"
so not feeling great  though i did break the monotony of house sitting by hanging with my friends today  call of duty looks to hard to play on ps3  next time i am going to try my hand at mortal kombat vs  dc universe 
still woke        doing surveys and downloading movies 
alright am bout to head to bed finally  got all my movies that i orginally thought to download finally downloaded  took forever  smh  just glad my 20 movies are done  am taking request  hit me up  in my inbox 
"welp  just wantd all my fb friends and fam to know that i still love every last one of you  might not talk to yall as much, but my love for everybody is still there and is going strong  hope everyone has a blessd day and enjoy themselves  u only got one life to live, so live it  peace out  mwauh!"
lah <propfirst> da
watching <propmale> <propmale> and the olympians
blah blah blah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! am bored!
had to download date night again  it worked fine till i try to make the dvd   then the audio went awol on me  smh!!!!!!!!!!!!! wasted 3 dvds argh!!!
wats upper fb  just made a decision  figured that i am not needed by anybody  so i am going to just chill 
yeah  time for sum cutbacks  things getting a lil tooo tight round here 
bout to write another note poem fb                       <propfirst> give me a call  i tried to call u but got the voicemail 
goodnight fb  was looking on amazon   they got sum interesting sci fi fantasy books coming out and already out  get me a gift  my birthday is coming soon  inbox me and i will tell u which books i want 
celebrating my dads bday a lil earlier  smh  love my dad   shout out to all my fb friends and fam!
ok good night everybodyor is it good morning?
ok  maybe i simply need to work on going to bed earlier 
all my life  i waited  i wont put my life on hold any longer 
i am going back to sleep  just had a crazy dream  its early morning   so might as well go back to lah la land 
dang  cant go back to sleep  smh 
yep  i am definitely awake  no going back to lah la land for me 
maybe i mite take a nap after all  good morning fb 
did daylight saving time start last night? if so the clocks in my parents house are all wrong!
"bout to head to the gym, weird  lol!"
my <propmale> <propfirst> got blessd wit a new job! go <propfirst>!
am going underground  going to stop talking to everybody  am not very socialable right now  even though i am sure everybody notice and didnt give two craps that i havent been saying a lot lately on here 
"times like this, i wishd my grandma was still alive  she was the only person that listend to me without judging  a truer friend than most  miss her  need her so i can tell her everything that happend to me thus far  rip- grandma, love ya, missd ya, wishd u was still with us  smh    sad "
"rip nate dogg,remebering phrase: regulaters, mount up!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"well fb, you all can read my short story: the rescue  i think its cool!!!my first adventure story  its got a <propfemale>, a tower, and a dragon "
oh yeah my short story   notes- the rescue comes in 5 parts  be sure it read all 5 from start to beginning  maybe it will help ease the monotony of the day for some of you 
"oh and yes its plenty of typos  i am not a professional writer and fb doesn't have spell check or grammar check per se  so all you english majors, <propfemale> me "
time to get it together  lord help? thanks in advance amen 
and my birthday coming  march 29th  am not adverse to gifts  please feel free to hook a sister up   ijs!
"oldies but goodies, my fair lady and <propfemale> <propfemale>"
listening to my mixtape  
my birthday march 29th  wonder how that will go  i will be 32 
am now disillusioned about my friend and a bit overwhelmed with melancholy for a friend now lost 
tired to the bones  seems like things are getting rough  whew  need energy 
letting go           my final decision got to let it go before i turn into somthing i'm not i will be sad  but things will get better  i got to trust god will see me through  hard  if i don't it will progress and i will start being bitter 
met sumbody  we will see how that plays out 
gn fb  was too keyed to go to sleep already  finally the sandman strikes  yawn!
got a bottle of ragae red wine  just no one to share it with  lol  just my luck  smh!
"some ppl are in your life for a season and sum in the long term  i am needing long term friends  got 3 so far  <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfirst>  love u guys and gal  u always listen when i need a ear  u always treat me as u want to be treatd  love u  of course i love my seasonal friends too  how bout we do sum upgrading from seasonal to full long term friends  just a idea "
"new question for my friends, seasonal and long term  alright     compared to others     wat exactly makes u different or unique?"
"great to <propfemale> with friends  all day everyday  shout out to my buddies that i <propfemale> with, i will try to keep at it  no more neglecting yall  after fam comes friends "
"time to have fun! had fun yesterday with my friend  went to a birthday party  kids were runnig and playing, grownups had they on fun  love talking  with could do that more often  perhaps i maybe visit my friend <propfirst> before he goes to work tommorow or after work   my birthday coming  wonder how it will be "
fb  why things can't be simple? why everyone want they cake and anothers too?me i just want one cake  too bad i am single  or should i be glad  too many greedy folks out there 
"tell you, some people don't know a good thing even when it reachs out grabs your hand and pulls you in for a kiss  wait, maybe they do know a good thing, but just ignore it cause it wasn't in their plans  we all need to open our eyes and see the good thing in front of our face for wat it is and hold on tight  otherwise, you going to miss out and get the bad crap that you was planning to have  duh!"
some people are beautiful through and through some are beautiful on the outside only  some are beautiful on the inside  and unfortunately you have those that are just butt uglyno matter wat  which are you?
"boy!!!!!!! decisions decisions got to see wat can benefit me most,got to look out for number1 that means everyone other than god, comes last  yes, even the ones i profess to love  i love you, but if its between you and me, it will be me , i am going to look out for first  done, looking out for others thate either don't appreciate or don't care about the effort i put in things no more taking me for granted "
"ugh  hate making decisions  this time i am going to take my own sweet time about i will not be rushed, cornered, or tricked into any irrational thought on the matter  make sure i mean what i say this time  no wishing i could rethink stuff cause i will already thought about it so wait for me to think it out  this is my future or will pertain to my futre , got to think hard about it  no regrets "
think i hate surround sound  feel like the whole house is vibrating  dang!
"stat theif::::::there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so love the people who treat you right pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living drama free and loving it ~ re-post if you agree"
today my heart stopped beating for a moment when i realized i have lost the love i once knew    
at the doctors  getting xrays for my mom broken arm  later tonite gonna support my friend  the group he is in got a show  they rap  this be the first i will hear them rap  hopefully they are gud  then saturday i am gonna to my girl rogstar birthday party  yeah  fun times are just begining
"once i am done with the hospital, going to hit the bookstore, barnes and <propmale> off 82nd street  ran out of books to entertain me  anybody that knows me, knows that i love to read  i could probably open my own used book store  all the books i own now and all the thousands of books i owned but  sold back "
"because i choose to ignore your negative qualities, doesnt mean i didnt know that u had them or that i  am slow  it means that i focus on the positive qualities, hoping that you would let them grow "
"wats up fb? had the important decision taken out of my hands   one less worry  time to move on to greener pastures  summer is on the way  time to have fun and also get things done  shoutout to my special friends, <propmale> griffin and <propfirst> d miller, as well as <propfemale> dunbar  thanks for keeping me grounded even as i keep yall entertained with my crazy stories  peace "
mom is out the cast  now she got to work on her range of motion and getting strength in her arm  so glad she pretty much free  yay!
"wow i feel relieved  i was stressing these last couple weeks fb  i want to say i love everybody if you like me or don't  i will never hate you  takes to much energy to hate  i am also praying for everybody on my friends list, all 200+, maybe not by name  special prayers to god for all my closest friends and for all the people that no longer in my life love everybody  peace out "
"this might seem crazy , but i love everybody including my ex's  won't name everyone, though cause i haven't seen him in awhile  my ex husband if you ever be on here, i still love you, boo! might not like you much, but i forgive and i love you  jesus says to love everyone  thats what i intend to do "
"i am not perfect, but i never said i was so you have no right to blame me for my flaws  i am who i am and i have no shame in that  i admit, i'm slightly damaged and these bruises seem permanent but i still love with all my heart, i still dream with everything i have  i've realized that \forever\"" can end at the blink of an eye and sorry means nothing unless someone actually changes \",4a64d448e1dccedd84aa474a590f8295,lately i find myself copying peoples stats  if it worded great and it pertains to me whetheri went through it or not i copy and paste it as a stat thanks to all my freiends that have great stats that i can copy 
bout to read my new books and chill  maybe go visiting  glad to be free and glad to be driving  god blessed me  hope the blessings will keep coming my way
"bout to see whos on skype  i tell ya, everytime i get on , none of my friends be on, or only 1 or two  skype is overated "
dang i am freezing  where the heat at?ok fb i am going to bed with my new book  i might doze off  catcha later!
hangd out wit my friend <propfirst>  watched tna lock down  wrestling  bout to head home  i decided to do a rain check on going to my other friends show   hope his group does great  tired 
unfortunately i havent been to sleep yet  gud nite fb 
sleepy stilk
"ok  why is it cold? my bday is coming  i need it to be in the 60s or 70s again  please lord? bring back the great weather, please?!"
"maybe i am getting older  my tolerance for bull crap is almost non-existent  in fact my <propfemale> is even more skimpy than wat it was  i used to put up with a lot of stupid stuff  i love every1 so please, no more silly stuff  i am definitely changing  get on my level and we be cool "
maybe i will <propfemale> out by myself today  any decent places on the east side of indianapolis  i used to live on the west side  so i know bout sum places over there that got the pool tables which is wat i want to do  shoot pool  any place to shoot pool on the east side or is it all clubs with no pool tables over here 
ok  im missing a friend   shout out to all my friends  love ya 
guess i just have to deal with stupid stuff  people don't know a gud thing unless its gone  i'm gone  bye bye
if you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1) a sweetheart  (2) i'd marry you  (3) i want to date you  (4) sarcastic  (5) i miss you  (6) i'd have sex with you (7) beautiful  ( smile  smart  (9) imaginative  (10) i want to make you mine  (11) hot  (12) funny  (13) fit  (14) amazing  (15) tough  (16) cute  (17) i want to kiss u 1 smile  i love u 19) friends 4ever
"people are so elementary now days  its why i lose a lot of friends, cause some of my friends has friends thats 30+ in age and act like they 10  its retarded  hello if you got immature friends it kind of make me wonder  i am just saying  who you <propfemale> out with or associate yourself with gives a person insight on what kind a person you are "
"dang its cold, nights like this       you get the picture       lmbo!!! unfortunately i am single and by my lonesome  oh well    bout to continue reading my romance novel  its getting interesting  got some imaginary war the heroine is trying to prevent lately the romance novels got action pack adventure going on  treking through woods and swords and stuff  my kind of entertainment "
"bout to check out skype  no body be on it, i wonder why they still running the site  i mean i understand its suppose to be able to let you use it  to make free calls but what if you already got unlimited minutes on your phone "
yep  just got on there nobody is on there  it sucks bout to unsubscribe 
going to order a pizza
can't wait till summer  its on and poping <propmale>  bout to join the gym  dang people didn't sign me up last time i went  so mad  i even gave them a voided check so they can take the money out of my checking account since the last time i was signed up for the gym my debit card e playful ired and they didn't have my new number  so i got to go up there again and sign up  man 
oh brother! i am starving  got maybe 15 minutes till the pizza man get here   i am also feeling a lil under the weather  dang weather changes  why couldn't it stay warm  now my nose is starting to run 
"shout out to all my family on fb! i love every last ne of yall  as well as my ex hubby, who i still consider family  4 years with me and you family to me  i know it seems stupid but its true "
pizza came  it was ok  hit the spot  am full now 
ok i am bored  am not sleepy though 
today  i dont feel like going out  i save a lot of money staying at home why leave the house unless its bout making more money  also i have no one to worry bout   yeah  my money is growing and its my own  lol 
i think i finally met my match  the person that makes me happier than i ever been 
can't wait to start getting my self together 
"i am not in any mood to socialize  seriously, ive been a messed up mood for the last 3 weeks "
"arrgh  bored to death  can't wait for summer  i get to go to the park, bars, and more movies  i might even walk, mite  lmbo its too cold out  where that warm wether disappeared to?"
off to the store
sad  maybe i messed up 
taking a nap  be up at 3 30pm
bout to head out 
at last! here i am another year older  hope this be the begining of one of the best years of my life  real talk  hope i meet my future husband  or if i already met him he start talking bout our future together  either way its going to be a gud year  yeah  go 32!
"just cause your special to me, doesnt mean u dont get treated like everybody else  like fam  so i am going to say watevers on my mind  cause thats wat i do wit my fam  just be happy i love u  to all my friends, calondra, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and the many others  love ya fam!"
listening to <propmale>- bad habits
"i love my life, my god, my fam, and my friends  good or bad, i wouldnt change a thing  its wat made me who i am today! go me! yeah! am growing and changing for the better every day! i love me, mwauh!"
thanks now i am going to go with my parents to the store 
wow! i am grateful for all the bday well wishes  thanks  tried to make it a point to thank everyone  thanks  everybody  love all of you and appreciate the bday shoutouts 
i love that the people i call friends do have a sense of humor just like me  otherwise being their friend would not be as exciting  we got to have sumthing in common  figure a sense of humor is as good as any thing 
wat the      snow? for real though? dang! i thought we were officially done wit winter! man!
my love is deeper  didnt u notice?
"i love my life, my god, my fam, and my friends  good or bad, i wouldnt change a thing  its wat made me who i am today! go me! yeah! am growing and changing for the better every day! i love me, mwauh! am in a loving relationship  with myself "
"i love my life, my god, my fam, and my friends  good or bad, i wouldnt change a thing  its wat made me who i am today! go me! yeah! am growing and changing for the better every day! i love me, mwauh! if u remove yourself from my life, know that its your loss  seriously "
"listening to an old christian cd by artist known as <propfemale>  i love the cd  especially the tracks- gods got  an army, the blood, and no way, we are not ashamed  1993 cd  great  love it "
"w if you see me on the street you might stop and stare  yep its orange, blonde again  i love it   for those that seen it in the in between stages meaning, all black or half and half, well, what can i say  surprise!"
why it erased half my words?
lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!men are a trip!!!!! oh well!! wats up friends?
"ok i am going to attempt to sign up for the gym again  this time i am going to make sure they got me in their system  if it don't get done this time, i am going to give it up as a lost cause  meaning its not meant to be  me and the gym "
watching megamind again  its a good movie 
breathe  just breathe 
welp guess i will finally go to sleep land  nitey nite!
"wow! i wish people stop text or calling me before noon  i am sleep  from now on, i am going to ignore all incoming stuff till 1 30pm  cant stand too much negativity or positivity when i havent had much sleep  love yall though  dont be mad "
cancun restaurant on e  82nd street  never been before hopefully its delicious  my ex- co- worker and gud friend <propfirst> is taking time to celebrate my bday  last year was lovely this year will be classy 
"had a great time with my friend today, we watched rango  it was ok it had its funny spots i also enjoyed sum mexican food at the restuarant called cancun have to say it was a great late birthday gift "
having issues  pray for my fam 
"when you are finally alone, you are no longer preoccupied about how to make another person happy  you are now focusing on wat can make you happy "
dang my stomach hurts  taking meds 
"stomach is keeping me woke  dang  took sum meds, but they not working  wonder why  dang it!"
"ok  its raining  can anyone say, spring?"
listening to kem- when i'm loving you
"bout to download sum oldie but goodie fantasy movie, stardust, <propfemale>, krull,and legend  oh yeah, them old movies rocked  can't wait to watch them  funn times for sure "
"and my brain is up with no sign of tiring any time soon  man! i got to lay off the caffeine  guess one cup of coffee instead of two, from now on "
"hate that my stomach is still outta commission  very inconvient  arrgh!! wheres my tylenol, ibprofren, advil, excederin, alleive, or bayers aspirin"
"about to watch my fair lady, love that old movie"
"still watching my fair lady, awesomeness how kind of you to let me come  lol!"
i've grown accustomed to his face
unreturned love      wat more could be said about it?
why cant a man understand a woman? or vice versa?
"alright  gonna go to sleep  sweet dreams my fb fam and friends! love every last one of you  shoutout to <propfirst>, <propfemale>, calondra, <propmale>, and c c  good friends are hard to find and great friends are like a rare <propfirst> "
too bad i am not feeling great today would of been great to <propfemale> at the park
family friction  prayer is def needed  thanks all 
got a headache
"about to hit a place this weekend  by myself  could be the movies, park, bar, or bookstore  don't really care what i do, long as i am out the house time to have fun "
"ok  i know this may seem redundant, but i am just not sleepy right now  in fact, i am wide awake  i didnt even drink any coffee today either  man!"
ok  i am going to go to the bar tonight  shoot pool and chillax  tween the triangle and the point  thinking the point cause i never went before  wonder how much to get in the door 
at the point  so far it okay  old people  lol  my kind of crowd 
"had an ok time, considering i was by myself  mite have to do this again "
am a bit sad  things are most def changing 
going to sleep early 
"starting over  over, over  a lot of friends havent made the cut  still have sum gud friends that i kept  dont get me wrong  everybody still in my friend list  just a couple have been cut from my mental list  still love everybody  mwauh "
making a cd for a friend
argh
"dang used tire place closed on sunday  trying to help my friend by picking her up from work and i caught a flat tire on the highway  good thing i was by my exit and even better police help me change my tire  fb, thank god for people that know how to change a tire  thank god was by the exit "
sleepy  goodnite till whenever i wake back up 
cant say i didnt already know  so currently i am under construction  *resigned to being single*
happy easter everyone
a new day today! i thank god for it  hows everyone today?
"still under construction  lets just say the things i used to do,they gonna be put to a end *resigned to being single*"
please keep my fam in your prayers  thanks 
good early morning late night  am up  maybe i will finally go to the land of dreams  turning my phone to silent for my friends that should know better but still attempt to call me before 12 30pm 1pm  duh  i be sleep finally  dont be mad  ttyl  love yall 
sad day today  pray for the trotter family 
bored  guess i will head to bed extra early today  trying to change  i am still under construction  *resigned to being single*
at the library
at the library again  it is soooo much faster to download movies here than at home on my prepay services 
