1e4a0f4861c35d367f3f9b2cd29a4830
happy father's day
i survived last week! feelin good 
what if lucky charm marshmallows had monetary value?
chewed up and spit out!
"my car was broken in to! my radio and some cd's were stolen   sad  i hope mendelssohn  turns his life around  well, now i have a trash bag for a passenger window  lame "
lol my picture is so sad!!!
i had a dream that johannes brahms was trying to kill me!     ??? help????
happy thanksgiving! remember being grateful makes people happy!
i finally got a membership at the johns hopkins gym! anyone want to play racquetball?
i'm sick! my throat and sinuses are awful!
happy birthday to <propfemale>!
today is a two gig day!
the beard is coming in nicely  when i return to balimore in january i will be quite grizzly!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!
i could not be a musician without a metronome 
"i consider myself an o k  cook, and i've heard that pot roast is one of the easiest things one can make  how then, even after two attempts, do i make the world's most disgusting pot roast?"
mozart is the best  i am going to sleep very happy tonight!
time to party!!!!!!!!!!! no pso this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
"i need help, what celebrity do i look like??? (with or without beard lol)"
my parakeet died yesterday  today i woke up with no chirping 
spent last night reading through possibilities for repertoire for next year    decisions     definitely thinking beethoven concerto and bartok first sonata (w piano) 
"i am currently in the middle of my first ever night shift, 11pm to 7am  only 4 more hours to go, thank goodness for facebook and southparkstudios com!"
i missed the new south park episode! i'll have to watch online 
"i have a new cat and a new bird  the cat hasn't killed the bird yet  actually, they seem to coexist nicely!"
does anyone have good ideas for april fools jokes?
last night i had a dream and bartok's concerto for orchestra was the background music    
91 degrees in baltimore today!!!
workin hard at the court!
is ravel duo for the next 48 hours 
lol may the 4th be with you 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes! i had a great time at the orioles game tonight!
my cheeks hurt from smiling!
everyone who has or wants my phone number    send me your phone number i have a new phone my old one died in a fire! lol
i am grateful to be home safe tonight  my car broke down on the side of the freeway 
last night when i was waiting for the tow truck i plucked a bach fugue on my violin in my car on the side of the freeway to pass the time  lol   now my finger hurts!
car is fixxed!
i am an uncle again!!!  smile 
"baked potato and chili for lunch   tastes great, but it looks and smells like cat food  lol"
"glad i got to see so many great recitals this weekend: <propfemale> <propfemale> mutter, <propfemale> pressley, and <propfemale> new & friends     what a great weekend thanks you guys!"
"is thankful for his sister, <propfirst>   she's the best!!!"
green bay packers!!!!
