3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a
"is back!!!! left 2009 in connecticut (didn't have enough room in my suitcase)   too bad because it was one epic year full of <propmale> changes, growth, redirection, finding myself in christ and my place in this world, just overall evolution through the holy spirit  not to mention my <propfemale>! ?? sayonara, 2009  happy new year to all of you, as i know it will be for me   wink "
would be absolutely lost right now if god wasn't leading the way 
had a super awesome night with the gf and other awesome peoples  ?   ?   \\
had a long and tiring but awesome week  7 days of <propfemale> was a blast!
leaving for new york in about 4 hours  i wish you all a <propfemale> christmas and happy new year
"had a genuine white christmas, complete with snow-covered roads, cloudy white skys, and all the family i could handle!"
"missed thrive last night due to proximity issues(the downside of vacationing in ny)  also really miss my <propfemale>, as well as other friends  bottom line,ready to come home!"
leaving behind a difficult yet foundational year for one loaded with sheer insanity and joyous fulfillment 
this is my year!
has reached season 3 of how i met your mother
"is thrive-ing it up tonight! for those of you who aren't, have a great night, but i'm sorry your night won't be as awesome as mine!  laugh "
is totally smitten by <propfemale> garbutt   love 
will be employed next month in jesus name!
has an extra ticket for b2bb @ the hard rock live tonight  so if anyone wants it it's yours so please let me know!
"is at <propfemale>'s, one of my favorite places in the whole world!  smile "
is about to watch slapsgiving 2: revenge of the slap!
"ephesians 6:11-12 (new <propmale> <propfirst> version) 11 put on the whole armor of god, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil  12 for we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age,[a] against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places "
is holding on to jesus for dear life 
"endured yet another massive assault by the enemy, but is now much stronger because of it  apparently my anointing had to be put on hold until i could be more thoroughly trained and built up "
"cannot be defeated by principalities or even circumstances, because what's inside of me is undefeated and all-powerful  nothing beats the name above all names, the name to which every knee must bow, the exalted name of jesus! (philippians 2:10)"
just saw girls vs suits  now i can die happy! how i met your mother ftw!
"does not make, or tolerate, vain sacrifices! i claim victory now in the name of jesus!!"
"when you're all alone and being attacked from all sides, your only possible rescue has to come from above "
"i see it, i see it, and now it's all within my reach endless possibilities i see it, i see it now! it's always been inside of me and now i feel so free endless possibilities"
"has had a long, exhausting, and just plain agonizing week(or two), and desperately needs to do something awesome this weekend  somebody call or text me!"
is looking for any means to elude the natural course and meaning of this day 
is about 24 hours away from spring break!
"is now taking his one and only midterm  see you in an hour, facebook "
"i said a bang, bang, bangity bang, i said a bang bang bangity bang i said a bang, bang, bangity bang, i said a bang bang bangity bang  love  how i met your mother  love "
had a fantabulous day at the beach with some awesome persons   laugh 
"is suddenly a big fan of <propmale> zimmer, and, in about two minutes, has fallen in love with pandora  (hint: combine the two for super awesome happiness)"
"no class today!!!!!!! what to do, what to do what to do   "
my savior lives!!
is thanking god in advance for divine favor this week 
"asked for the favor of god yesterday  got it! 3 more big meetings in the next three days, and i'm gonna watch as divine favor precedes me in all of them "
to all those martians out there wondering how we earth folk get by with only 24 hours in a day   i'll get back to you on that one 
"is going into double-overtime  looks like my zs are in another castle  man, i don't know what kept that plummer guy going so long  must've been all the 'shrooms  well, i've got a large supply of caffeine  does that count?"
"these past two weeks have been quite epic  that doesn't mean awesome or good(not that it means bad either, just epic) also have been doesn't mean were, it's past progressive(still going  )"
sleep!!!!!!!!!!!! oh how i've waited for you for so long   i will never forsake you again! most exhausting week ever  finally over!!!
just got a confirmation call about what i already knew: i got a job!
"despite cancelling my partybration which fell through due to bad planning and extremely short notice, this actually ended up being a pretty awesome day   laugh  and making it even better, i got a job!"
is worn down and tired from devoting so much of my time and making so many sacrifices to appease this worldly institution whose supposed draw is that it empowers me to carve my own path through it to reach an end by which i can achieve prosperity by my own hands 
is off to work!
must hold fast to his resolve and his confessions amidst a vast sea of manifested chaos and mental disorientation 
i want to win <propfirst> hood tickets from hard knocks
"just got home from a night that can be described as nothing less than swimming laps through a pool of hot, molten awesome, all in celebration of the birth of miss <propfemale> feemster "
"final stretch! so much at stake, so many things that can go wrong, so much preperation that must be done just right, so great the reward  no pressure?"
just got home from my first day of work  twas pretty rad   smile 
is done being a slave to this world system 
bored out of my mind!!! >__<
"so much depends\upon\a red wheel\barrow\glazed with rain\water\beside the white\chickens "
"i sowed many seeds and tirelessly worked these fields, and yet they've produced no fruit  this is not the promised land   "
"is blessed  that's empowered to prosper, people! and i serve a god who seems to enjoy reminding me of that!  wink "
phone status: <propfemale>  time of death: sometime between 3 and 6pm  cause of death: drowning while in pocket 
phone: <propfemale>  communications down temporarily  facebook is now my only means of communication until further notice 
off to acquire a new phone 
the acquisition of my new phone has suffered minor impediment  eta: 2-4 days 
"my new phone has arrived!! and in an awkward yet exciting turn of events, my old phone works again  well, now my lil' brother has a new toy(he won't tolerate a phone that doesn't work) ^__^"
"once again has a phone and a car! the lack of these items nowadays is apparently quite hectic \i'm bored  somebody call me so we can do something fun  now!"
nine days until e3! must get info about the legend of <propfemale> 2010! need <propfemale> now!!
"\why are you so afraid of giving this a chance?\""\",3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,god you are so freakin awesome  always ready with a word for me right when i need it!  love 
"demands everything he paid for, in the name of the one who paid it all "
boredom has struck  i crave   zombie blood  let's kill zombies!
"is thrivin' it up! thrive - young adults ministry is what turns \ugh  monday\"" into \""yay! it's mondayyyyy!!!\"""""
"your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path  -psalm 119:105\and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of god  -ephesians 6:17 \how can the word be a light and a sword?!? simple! word of god = lightsaber!  laugh \time to go become one with the force and train with my lightsaber  ^___^"
"to my enemy: i must say, your efforts are quite disappointing  to try the same old tactics on a growing, evolving enemy is pure amateurism  i e playful ected more from someone who's supposedly been doing this for thousands of years "
makin' a blockbuster run!
amazing nights are made of amazing people   love  (and amazing movies always help)
"is finally learning to tune out my own thoughts, ideas, and preset plans in order to discover the real, perfect plan god has by     \\   wait for it    \\seeking him!!!"
"who knew that by going against the current, i'd be met with increased resistance? nonetheless, i have much more faith in god's plan for my life than the world's  therefore, i'm going all in, betting everything i have on his plan "
is off to get me a job!
has now attended east coast believers church for 3 years!!
wow  and the tests just keep on coming 
"is en route, everythings a-go! jesus, take the wheel, let's get movin!"
"you are a persistent one, my lifelong enemy  you've shown some finesse, hitting where it counts right when your opponent is least fueled \that being said, you will pay for this  be assured, with what i'm soon to become, i will make hell just a little more lonely for you   smile \and believe you me, you haven't messed up my father's plan, not by a long shot, nor is there any way you can \-your lifelong enemy"
6am  still up  apparently sleep doesn't like me right now   annoyed 
"was rescued and revived by my savior three years ago today, and am now being equipped and empowered to bring that same help to those who are still trapped  bringing jesus to the world!"
must get out of the house before i lose my mind!
"i love my god  he's a freakin awesome god  if you love my freakin awesome god, come <propfemale> out in his unmatched presence tonight at thrive - young adults ministry for deeper- a night of worship with  <propfirst> <propfirst> groves  this is an open invite to everyone reading this who is between ages 18-30  do it!"
"ugh  and the tribulation period continues  seriously, what would i do without my jesus?"
"you are of god, little children, and have overcome them, because he who is in you is greater than he who is in the world  -1 <propfirst> 4:4"
renewing your mind just took on a whole new meaning for me   laugh 
"is sprinting for the finish line  if all goes as planned, i'll be finished tomorrow!"
no more vain sacrifices!
"wow  talk about a surprise twist ending  there's success, then there's epic success  this is like waaaaaayyy above that  this is super awesome surprise ending that only my jesus could have pulled off "
"let the rage of the titans fuel your blades, kratos "
"had to make a difficult decision, and now faces a world full of\opposition who will say things like \you're making a huge mistake\"" and\",3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,"is ready to face the foggy veil of mystery that is my immediate future, sword in hand and spirit leading the way "
"had a day that redefines epic  i've learned three very important\lessons today  1  the most legendary days involve a mix between super\cool people and total spontaneity  2  <propfirst> howell's instincts are always right  3  as was pointed out to me today, contrary to my prior knowledge, i have brown eyes!!\at this time, i must take a moment to acknowledge my fallen comrade, <propfirst> jenkins  get well soon!"
"and so begins a new season of my life  this time, no braces, no training wheels, no pre-established path to follow, no turning back! just me following my god toward his pre-destined plan  let's do this!"
"is finishing up a paper and    enjoying it?!? you know god's involved here \\with men this is impossible"," but with god all things are possible \"" -matthew 19:26\"3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,"got blessed like 4 times in 12 hours  my god loves me   smile \job interview tomorrow at 10!!"
i know kung fu 
"you never know when he'll just suddenly show up and shake things up \awesome!"
"bored!!!  playful  let's do something! now!\   do i use too many exclamation points?"
"today didn't quite go as planned  not to worry, there's tomorrow!"
is going into exile in order to seek his perfect will 
i am error
is in his presence and loving it! getting ready to do some serious conquering!
awesome night at thrive  power was turned up by the holy spirit so much the building's circuits couldn't handle it!
"\to [affect] the quality of the day is no small achievement \"" from a fortune cookie """
has a functional computer! yay!
"don't you know about the bird?\yes! everybody knows that the bird is the word!\b-b-b-bird bird's the word \b-b-b-bird bird bird, the bird is the word "
headin out to disney for epic shenanigans and such with <propfemale> garbutt!
"\i press toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of god in christ jesus \"" philippians 3:14"""
"is en route, and is an unquenchable fire  3:14"
"is pressing for the goal, and will charge and plow through anything that dares to contest  3:14"
"quests through old, once-familiar territory toward a new, much higher goal  i won't be stopped today! 3:14"
"jesus, your name is power! 3:14!"
yet another long day of prepping  heading out to my spot to get into his presence so i can recharge and fuel up 
"ugh  divertive tactics  must retaliate  this will most likely cost me some sleep time  nonetheless, i will not be shaken  3:14 eta unaffected!"
"gaining momentum! at this rate, i might just be able to sleep tonight! at a decent hour!! 3:14  can't touch this!"
3:14! i'm going in! prayers would be appreciated!
"hit the finish line! now to go hit up the big guy to claim my prize \more than a conqueror in him!"
"had a decent night, owning the guys (and <propfemale>) at poker "
will never settle for peace 
studying  ecbbi finals tonight! then no more class until january(boo!)
going to get a long-overdue haircut 
"wow  i live and i quote   god is never early, and he's never late  talk about divine appointment "
*ouch* football  who invented this  *ouch*   game  took a hit to the leg that i'm still feeling   walking   not so much fun now 
why do job applications take like 2 hours to finish? seriously  
"philippians 4:8-9\  brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is <propmale>, \whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is \admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such \things   and the god of peace will be with you "
has just acquired oracle of ages and thus completed (to date) my <propfemale> collection!! this status is brought to you by playntrade oviedo and black friday!
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!  seriously, cannot put into words how freakin' amazing and glorious god is  probably because human minds aren't versatile or powerful enough to even comprehend or remotely grasp how freakin' amazing and glorious god is  brain e playful loding with awe and admiration here "
"when you ask god a question and he seems to be taking forever to respond, consider the possibility that you're not yet ready to hear the answer "
just beat assassin's creed  weirdest ending ever  and now i'm grossly compelled to go get the next one 
"seeks amusement and or entertainment this evening  you! yes, i'm talking to you! let's do something! now!"
"breaking in my brand new 32\ tv! and the movie choice for my first epic hd e playful erience goes to       zombieland!"""
"is back on xbox live! oh, how i've missed you! methinks some quality time together is in order "
"would like nothing more right now than to shake the hands of two or three people and tell them \you're in the right place\"" """
my god is awesome!!!! 20 freaking 11 is going to be a legend-i can't even wait for it-dary year  legendary!!
boiiing-phwip!  smile 
"ahhhh   the <propfemale>'s a'comin'  it's getting heavy! i'll do my best, god, but i can't chronicle all your <propfemale>  it's too great in size and splendor!"
"is doin' sunday afternoon, sabbath style!"
"god doesn't feed the soul all the knowledge it wants for the same reason we don't(or shouldn't) feed our body all the food it wants: because if he we did, it would get too full, get sick, and throw it back up without getting much nourishment from it because we aren't able to hold or handle all of it  instead, we are fed what we need, though we often take more "
"all who are thirsty, all who are weary, all who are desperate and in need, come to the waters where you will meet the arms of our father and perfect peace "
"after having not received any of my texts this past week  i've come to realize just how much i missed all you guys that text me on a regular basis  my phone is on the <propmale> and i hadn't received any of my texts from the past week until like 5 minutes ago  it has decided to stop being a decent phone and be lame instead \so to anyone who's texted me this week, i love you very much and i'm not ignoring you  i promise!"
"if you're one of the many who don't like mondays, it's because you haven't e playful erienced the best thing about mondays: thrive - young adults ministry  i'll be there, and if you want mondays to rock, so will you! (this is an open invitation to everyone reading it between the ages of 18 and 30) every monday night @ 7 smile 0 "
"e playful ecting the une playful ectable tonight at east coast believers church  it's gonna be awesome, and nothing less!"
"singles' awareness day has gotten old  let's ditch it! join me, single folks, as we celebrate   festivus! (it doesn't have to be just once a year) to all you with dates tonight, happy <propfirst>'s day! and to the rest of us, happy festivus!"
"bearing my weight in oil  it's heavy, but it's gotta get to its destination "
sing sing sing and make music with the heavens we will sing sing sing grateful that you hear us when we shout your praise lift high the name of jesus!
"hope does not disappoint, because the love of god has been poured out in our hearts by the holy spirit who was given to us "
"this is a week overdue, but happy 25th birthday to link, <propfemale>, and ganon!  love "
would rather go without the use of my left leg than lose the use of my car  so happy to have <propfemale> back   love   love 
"let's all pray and be in agreement for <propmale> n <propfemale> miraglia, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> feemster, <propfirst> white, <propmale> calicott, <propfemale> hebert, and <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>, as they depart for guatemala tomorrow, to be used mightily to impact lives this week with the power and love of god and the hope and victory that is  the name of jesus"
thirsts for intellectual stimulation 
whoa  got some answers i didn't even know i needed until i got them  commencing mind-renewal!
pay no attention to the average middle-aged man standing by this sign  leave him alone!
"grateful that my relationship with god means an endless supply of peace \\peace i leave with you, my peace i give to you; not as the world gives do i give to you  let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid  <propfirst> 14:27 (nkjv)\\the things which you learned and received and heard and saw in me, these do, and the god of peace will be with you  philippians 4:9 (nkjv)"
just bought the new strong's e playful anded exhaustive concordance  yay!
"would like to be elsewhere, and am open to suggestion "
"you shall receive power (ability, efficiency, and might) when the holy spirit has come upon you, and shall be my witnesses in jerusalem, and all judea and samaria and to the ends (the very bounds) of the earth "
"ny bound  be back sunday  take care, all!"
"ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you  -<propfirst> 7:7\\but let him ask in faith, nothing wavering  for he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed  for let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the lord  -<propfirst> 1:6-7\\faith is the bridge between prayers and answers, between hearing and receiving "
back to ecbbi tonight!
"is en route, on a non-stop flight to victory  20-freaking-11 is picking up the pace!"
"now hope does not disappoint, because the love of god has been poured out in our hearts by the holy spirit who was given to us  (romans 5:5)\love never fails  (1 corinthians 13: smile \fair to say he's got me covered; furthermore, this burden really has nothing left to stand on "
forward   march!
"has been nourished by intellectual stimulation, a kind in which my mental diet would do well to abound more regularly  credit goes to the cunningly thoughtful <propfirst> <propmale>, the horrific genius that is blazin' gabe, occasionally known as <propfirst> willman, and, of course, the incomprehensible depth and complexity of creation brought to us by god "
calling down the fire to heat my blade  now all i need is some iron to sharpen it   
"cannot tell which way is forward  it's all you, jesus  lead the way, por favor  gracias "
"ok   so going to sleep  failed  it was a good idea, but not in the hand i've been dealt  time for plan b "
"plan b  much more effective  to those who think a bed is the number 1 place to find rest, i've discovered a pretty crazy secret  it's not! actually, the best place to find rest is in god's presence  seriously "
"you stay the same through the ages\your love never changes\there may be pain in the night\but joy comes in the morning"
is too tired to post a coherent facebook status 
"\i like an honest person  i will give you something better in return   \"""""
is quite tired of this game  i really never liked hide and seek 
organizing the devil out of my life   smile 
"as much fun as unemployment is(it isn't), i'm quite ready to retire from it  acquisition is in progress   smile "
hey somebody text me  now!
"so, enemy crosshairs are lined up on my forehead  this can only mean that i'm of some importance  so to said enemies, yes, i am a threat, and no, you can't do a thing about it "
"all of my life\in every season\you are still god\i have a reason to sing\i have a reason to worship"
"today's agenda: 1  jesus time  2  job fair(s)  3  party \it's gon' be a good day, i reckon "
has fallen in love with a furniture store    what is this world coming to?
"\please don't turn on the dead animal!\"" -<propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>"""
"so  had i not just randomly decided to check my junk e-mail, i would have missed this message inviting me for a job interview! junk mail filter= epic fail"
"those who say \nothing good happens after 2am\"" don't know the power that flows in god's <propfemale> """
"getting charged up in god's presence, then off to acquire what's mine in the name of jesus "
"and so i'll <propfemale> on, my time to shine has come, i feel it\as fast as i can go, straight to the top  i know you'll see it\so please wake me up when i get there, it feels like i'm lost in a dream\i know in my heart that it's my time, and i already see the possibilities are never-ending!"
"so   does anyone out there feel like giving me a free haircut? 'cuz, that would be awesome  consider it an investment in my future   smile "
"laying hold of that for which christ laid hold of me  he paid the ultimate price for me, so i will fulfill his call at all costs "
i'm not going to live by what i see because it all bows to the one inside of me 
so   gotta say   best weekend ever thus far 
"riddle for ya: how do you acquire two necessary resources when each is a prerequisite for the other?\correct answer: trust god \so grateful that i know where my help comes from "
job interview!!
anyone starting at ucf this fall who hasn't done orientation yet and wants to come with me? lemme know!
"restless, emotionally exhausted, can't sleep, can't think straight, can't hold on much longer  so what to do with this last bit of strength i have left?\let's go with: praise god!"
yeah  he's still got it  my god always shows up in my time of need   love   smile 
\let us not grow weary while doing good," for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart \"" -galatians 6:9\"3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,is on the threshold of divine triumph  my 20-freaking-11 is about to kick it up a couple notches  are you ready for this?!?
"“i am young in years, and you are old; that is why i was fearful, not daring to tell you what i know \i thought, ‘age should speak; advanced years should teach wisdom ’\but it is the spirit in a person,the breath of the almighty, that gives them understanding \it is not only the old who are wise, not only the aged who understand what is right \therefore i say: listen to me; i too will tell you what i know \"",2011-06-30 18 smile 6:50""",3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,mustering everything i have in me for one important battle for my sanity  you better believe this day is starting with jesus 
<propfemale> has returned to the road! winning!
"as of four hours ago, we are now in the second half of the year! happy 20-freaking-11, part 2!"
just finish giving <propfemale> her bath and getting her ready to go out tomorrow! hope she enjoyed her little vacation 'cuz it ain't happening again anytime soon!
early celebration of independence day by observing the restoration of democracy to the galactic republic thanks to the brave efforts of a small rebel alliance 
is going through the refinery  coming face to face with my weakness so god can be my strength 
"i was not created, and am not equipped, to endure such an intolerable abomination as peace (with oppression from life or this world)  i demand, and will only accept, victory "
"four years ago today, i was broken out of bondage and witnessed with my own eyes the victory that is the name of jesus "
"arrrggghh  it seems like the world is standing in my way  but guess who's on my side!!  laugh \me + jesus = i win"
getting ready to witness the union of the newlywed mr  & mrs  <propfirst> & <propfemale> jenkins  yay!  love 
"ok  i retract any former claims  that was the best weekend ever  watched two of my good friends come together in holy matrimony, and much needed crazy fun adventures epic godly encounters with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> and  <propfemale> cevallos! could hardly ask for a more amazing weekend  god is so good!  love "
"has realized that some of the things i occasionally take for granted are beyond some people's wildest dreams  i have the all-powerful creator of the universe and everything in it constantly abiding in and with me, and he loves me so much that he's promised to always be my provider, protector, and comforter, and he has an intricate, detailed, and prosperous plan for my life that he gladly shows me how to walk in "
"is officially a ucf knight  got orientated (wow, spell check apparently approves of that word  sweet) and registered, and it all went far better than i could have hoped  i walked in without a <propmale> and walked out with a plan, <propmale>, and full schedule, not to mention i'm able to actually afford classes, no loans  can i get a hallelujah?!?"
"\there's no fun in scientific e playful eriments \""\",3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,"survival mode, tapped out, pushing forward with what little strength remains  the challenge annoyed \\let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap"," if we faint not \"" -galatians 6:9\"3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,recharging in his presence 
"finally, my brethren, be strong in the lord and in the power of his might  put on the whole armor of god, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil  for we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places  therefore take up the whole armor of god, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand "
"attention!! i am desperately in need to have my car looked at and fixed  if anyone is willing and able, please let me know  funds are somewhat limited, so the cheaper the better "
"excuse me, world  please be reminded, christ has overcome you, and i'm in him, therefore i've overcome you   playful "
"the facts: worn out  physically, mentally, and spiritually exhausted \the truth: i'm waiting on the lord; therefore, i have renewed strength, i soar like an eagle, i am not weary in well doing, and i walk on without fainting, ready to reap my reward! (<propmale> 40 smile 1 & galatians 6:9)"
"got my spiritual iv(headphones with worship music) hooked up, getting nourished and filled up, and doing what i was born to do: lift high the name of jesus "
it's sunday!!!
"buckling under the weight of the world, almost empty  prayer support would be much appreciated "
so   that was awesome  <propfemale> of god falling all over the place at thrive tonight  definitely couldn't have picked a better night for a debut on the worship team 
finishing last minute details for school monday!!
"first week of school complete  gotta say, i'm definitely loving the path god's laid out for me  sure beats anything i could have come up with "
"the time has come for me to shed the weight life has put on my shoulders this past season, and to move forward and claim what has been promised to me  god, father, help me  i can't do this on my own strength "
i found the room of requirement hidden at ucf!
"so  lipton green tea  yeah   no  having become mildly addicted to tea as a whole (entirely your fault, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>) i figured, they're pretty much all good, right? not so much \i feel as if a certain tea mentor should have been here to warn me about this    playful "
"new facial-hairdo  to keep, or not to keep? cast your votes here!"
tapped out yet again  thankfully i've got the means to recharge my soul whenever i need to--isaiah 40 smile 1
m'kay  so after 6 hours of straight homework  time for an oxygen break 
grad fair tomorrow!
"hey, why do these stressful situations keep ricocheting off of me instead of blowing up in my face? oh yeah, i forgot! there's a shield of favor surrounding me  winning!"
hmm   do i smell a productive day? mmm  delicious 
"<propfemale> has just been sold  -_-\now praying the way for a new vehicle "
"so  awesome day, from start to finish  oooohhh that god of mine  he is glorious "
"went from \in a relationship\"" to \""it's complicated\"" with sleeping"""
is about to do the impossible  and succeed at it 
"8 days, 8 deadlines, and an unnaturally intense mountain of homework  i will state right now that i am not equipped to do this in my own strength  i'm still going to try, and i will be successful, but only by the renewal of strength that comes from waiting on the lord "
"there is absolutely no way i could have possibly orchestrated my life as well as it is playing out  there are far too many things i would have done differently had i chosen to do it my way  seriously, just listen to what the lord tells you and do it his way; it all falls together so beautifully when you do "
"dear friends, please copy & paste this to your status if you are constantly being asked to copy & paste something to your status by friends who copy & paste things to their status  many people won't copy & paste this but my true friends will copy & paste it because you know this was copied & pasted from a dear friend in need of more crap to copy & paste, even for one hour  i copied and pasted this so you can copy and paste "
"but of course, there's the opposition  how could i forget?\m'kay, bound, cast out  good-bye  moving on  no time for all that nonsense "
"first offline test taken at ucf: microeconomics  grade: 100\that's how i roll!"
i'm on the edge of <propfemale> 
"less than 2 hours until soaked!! excited beyond belief \anyone looking to soak in the manifest <propfemale> and presence of god, be at east coast believers church tonight at 7:11  it will be awesome"
every good day starts with jesus 
cantare gnosco
is alive  finally crawled out from under a mountain of homework with only a few cuts and bruises  definitely thinking jesus time tomorrow 
monkey <propmale> <propfemale> green tea= hot liquid joy   smile 
"oh  this is an impossible task, is it? why then did i just pass with flying colors? can you say blessed and highly favored?"
"got to lay hands on real keys today! oh, how i've missed them so "
viewing service live from canada
"oh  my god  so awesome  not the \ohh i've just run into some miscellaneous fortune\"" type of awesome  more like the \""i'm the creator of the whole freakin universe and i'm the most awesome thing in existence"," so let me display my awesomeness in your life by blessing you constantly with pure awesome\"" kind of awesome \"3cfebc44e0be933acfedd95fd3de266a,"\how many times does miss <propfirst> repeat herself? none   i do not repeat myself  i do not repeat myself \"" -<propfirst> white"""
