269de6cbd89daaa5d5861aac57d94a7f
is officially on facebook now   
waiting for class to start  it's almost freakin friday   yes!!!!!!
it's finally saturday   
wondering what my mother would do if i went ahead and got the other side of my lip piereced       laugh 
oh how i love winter   everything's cold and dead and colorless  it totally rocks 
i like tuesdays   tuesdays are good 
i hate being sick  why do colds have to exist?
"if electricity comes from electrons, then where does morality come from? twenty kudos in my book if you get this right  haha "
"ok, so i know most days i really end up liking, but fridays just rock  so much time and so little to do   "
"i can't believe i'm 21 and still watch \the neverending story\"" from time to time  i think the whole concept of the film keeps me sane """
it's amazing how much one trip to the doctor can cost  who wants to spend $295 in one day on their health? i mean come on   
so much to do so little time  i feel like <propmale> wonka sometimes   
it's times like these i just wanna lock myself in my room for a few days and chill 
life definitely has some more curve balls to throw at me  but apparently i'm still striking out 
who knew only four hours of sleep could make me so sleepy?
today is a good day   
"went to the lake, got a farmer's tan, tore down a tree and chunked it into the water, tried to catch this big ass lizard but he was definitely smarter than me  i love this weather   "
"only have to work two days this week  and then after this week it's spring break!!!!!!! come on nice weather, you can do it!"
*sigh*
i hate not being able to sleep  sometimes i really wish my brain had an off switch 
"if i can make it through today, then i must be classified as a real trooper "
"holy crap, it's spring break   "
my little man is spending the night with me  i haven't seen him since christmas  definitely pictures to come!
does anyone really know the true purpose of st  <propfirst>'s day? and getting drunk off your ass does not count 
i don't understand why oklahoma's weather has to be so damned bipolar 
"so i tried to build this magnificent snow man today, but my dog would not stop attacking it  instead, i threw snow balls at her for two hours "
"ah   back to the school and work life  dunno if i'm ready yet, but i guess i'd better be, huh?"
my brain has definitely not caught up from spring break   ugh!!!!!!
it's too early!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm sooo tired   and the sad thing is i was asleep by 1 smile 0 
"horoscopes are definitely weird things   and yes, i am in an aggressive mood today "
"sometimes i really don't know why i'm here, but other times, i'm glad to still be around "
why do girls gotta be so difficult? what's with the drama and the bullshit? i just wanna go to bed 
"for some insane reason, i wish it would rain so i could go play in it "
"played red rover with all my 4th graders today  and, the girls won  that's right  may have taken an hour, but us girls kicked butt!"
it's friday! tomorrow i getta <propfemale> with my bestie all day  murrell home here we come!
we all live in a yellow submarine 
"let me take you down 'cause i'm goin' to strawberry fields, nothing is real  and nothing to get <propmale> about  strawberry fields forever "
hospitals really bring me down   
"i really, really, really hate mondays    sad "
"i really, really hope i can move tomorrow "
today's the day   do or die 
i have many skills 
"picture yourself in a boat on a river, with tangerine trees and marmalade skies "
had an awesome non-alcoholic birthday  laugh 
"this monday is just plain rotten, folks "
my dog is eating her pig's hoof on my bed  i dunno whether to laugh or be completely disgusted  but she seems to be enjoying herself 
"i absolutely hate the end of semesters   stress, stress, stress, and more stress  grrrrrrrr    "
"does it make you sad to know that life, is more than who we are?"
"yellow matter custard, dripping from a dead dog's eye  crabalocker fishwife, pornographic priestess  boy, you've been a naughty girl you let your knickers down "
the beauty of life is that you never know what the hell you're gonna get  smile 
"i'm waking up at the start of the end of the world, but it's feeling just like every other morning before  now i wonder what my life is gonna mean if it's gone "
i'll take you down the only road i've ever been down; you know that one that takes you to the places where all things meet 
"sometimes, i seriously wish i could fly "
oh man  finals are next week  *sigh*
it's a beautiful day!
love the hard way 
"fear is the mind-killer  fear is the little death that brings total obliteration  i will face my fear  i will permit it to pass over me and through me  and when it has gone past me, i will turn to see fear's path  where the fear has gone there will be nothing  only i will remain "
i missed the sound of thunder  smile 
why do two people put themselves through hell when they both want the exact same thing?
"i can change, but i'm here in my mold  and i'm a million different people from one day to the next  i can't change my mold "
i don't believe that anybody feels the way i do about you now 
"as wicked as you are, you're beautiful to me "
there ain't nothin like bein in the woods while its raining 
the remedy is worse than the disease 
this black sheep's goin out with a bang!
gettin ready to get in a jupiter jump  haven't been in one in forever!!!
i quit 
i am definitely not a morning person   
another sleepless night  this is getting old 
"they call me the \ant killer\""!!!!   laugh """
i have never felt more at peace in my life than i do right at this moment 
"working in the garden today  it's a beautiful day, but it's hot as hell!"
"and every time i find you, it's your eyes i know for sure   "
i want sleep!!!!!!
i hate going to the doctor   especially when there's blood drawing involved   :-[
hmmm  feel another sleepless night comin' on   : |
"when nothing is left, everything is gained "
goin to the river with my homie  gonna be a blast 
"it's funny when you think you've got a person figured out, but then you find you were completely wrong the entire time  i really messed up this time "
"i may be the worst friend in the world, but i'm not leaving her here "
"\my first act of treason was picking up a pen  my first act of love was finding myself again \"""""
i think this is my sixth viewing of 2 in the morning in a row  oh how i loathe insomnia   
"i can't believe it  i'm watching the musical \cats\"" and i'm enjoying it    surprise """
"it'll never, ever happen    crying "
there is truly nothing better than taking a long walk in the pouring rain   
i love it when it storms at night!!!  laugh 
sometimes i wish i had a guy around   
"she took her clothes off and she said, \is it alright if i stay the night?\"" i don't remember what i said  is it alright?"""
i think i'm actually gonna sleep tonight  i feel like a weight has been lifted   
to be free   
it's been freakin' forever!
it's been forever since me and my girl have played guitar hero  and i've never been happier!
"oh no, not again  i don't know if i can do it again   :  "
four more weeks of summer classes    i can soooo do this   smile 
is a cuddle too much to ask for?
a compassionate hour is never a wasted one 
you speak of my love like you have e playful erienced love like mine before 
"flash flood in july, any one?"
i love the smell of rain at night  wish i could bottle it up 
my thoughts are all i have to do   
i'm going off the rails of a crazy train!
i go to find her in her time of need  why won't she come find me?
what is life if you don't live?
"there's nothing like driving around, all the windows rolled down, and the radio blasting "
i'm moving into my new place this weekend! go me!
it's never really over  wake the fuck up 
"screw you, head colds   screw you "
"i am sleeping in tomorrow, folks   laugh "
they still play the old power rangers on tv?!
holy crap  school starts tomorrow 
huh?
really?
finally starting to get rid of this damn cold 
"now that i have my own place, i don't have to participate in black friday anymore! go me!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i have no idea where i'm going, but ya'll are coming with me!"
i've been waiting months for today  finally get to bust out the grinch and share the joy!
new year's <propfemale> was spent with my boys and <propmale> marley  couldn't ask for a better way to ring in the new year     laugh 
it is waaaay too freaking cold outside 
"\it is difficult to be born as a human being; difficult is the life of mortals; difficult is the hearing of the true path; difficult is the awakening of enlightenment \"" ~buddha"""
"i'm so tired of the cold: my feet are freezing all the time, my hands feel like sand paper and my lips are cracked in several places  spring, where the hell are you?!"
"last night was a trip  <propfirst> kinderknecht, you sir, are a bad influence "
"\i have decided to start things from here  thunder and lightning won't change what i'm feeling  and the daffodils look lovely today \"" cranberries"""
"dear nine inches of snow we're suppose to get, please stay away  i don't want to walk to work in the morning "
"ok, so i decided not to walk to work simply because i'm pretty sure i would have gotten lost a few feet down the road because of the blizzard that decided to shit upon us  snow in the eyes and down the shirt, not a good deal, yo "
"so, i hada wait five minutes, in front of the police station, stuck on a hill before this nice old man came along in his big ass truck and helped me push my car up the hill so i could make it to work, even if it was ten minutes late  i think the old man was more prepared than the police were   obviously "
really? more snow? i'm going to be covered in bruises by the time this is all over with  i've lost count as to how many times i have busted my ass in this crap 
really? the streets were so clear yesterday  what the hell happened?
"no snow, no snow, lalalala!"
i just wanna go to bed 
she put the seeds in me; plant this dying tree  she's a burning string and i am just the ashes 
"it's about freaking time  i didn't know the waiting and hurting was going to be worth it, but she most definitely is  love is a mysterious mystery that i happen to find frustrating at times, but, damn, she is sooo worth it    laugh "
today's a good day 
gettin' away for the day night  it's gonna be sweet!
freedom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\what did they aim for when they missed your heart?\"" ~wt"""
