c713d16d9f9751913d7a27ec326024df
chicken & stars soup is really good    the stars can be captured on crackers  smile 
all those excessively pink comics in the sunday funnies    it hurts my brain @ @
"for some reason i have the \men in tights\"" song stuck in my head   """
wants to go to bed    *sigh*
i got a <propfemale>!
"we named our <propfemale> morgoth  i'm the tolkien nut, i had to e playful lain who he was to <propfirst>, but he liked the sound of the name and that morgoth was sauron's boss   of course, our sweet little <propfemale> will never live up to the name lol "
"the rutledge corn maze in tumwater is awesome!  make sure you go through the regular maze before hitting the haunted maze though, otherwise the main one would seem rather boring (it is boring in comparison to having ghouls with chainsaws jump out of the corn at you) "
rain is pretty
i didn't put enough salad in my salad   
"i am soooooo glad the political ads are almost done with    they really just make me want to say \f voting and all that political drama\"" """
"okay, i don't hate everyone equally   there are some people that i hate much, much more than other people    *grumpy*"
store bought roses smell like grass    have you ever noticed that?
i got a bit bored with quizzes   
beware ballistic pinecones!!!!
i'm sooooo tired right now    sometimes work just totally blows
"alas, for the snow is not sticking!  woe!"
"it's so c-c-c-c, c-c-c-cold!  shiver!"
"i am thankful for my love, <propfirst>   i am thankful my mom had a smooth surgery and is recovering well   i am thankful my family is all healthy and happy and sheltered   i am thankful for my job, which keeps me sheltered   and most of all, i'm thankful for turkey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yum!"
"loved strawberry shortcake when i was a girl    she was like the only redhead in cartoons   i never watched gi <propfirst>, so i didn't know about scarlet \\mind you, it has to be the original strawberry shortcake   the newest one is all fashion girly and crap, and mine isn't the tomboyish one that was in between them "
why are people such bums!? ugh!!!
i may regret it    but i'm playing farmville now   
a tree fell on my apartment 
"i have a new apartment    my cats don't like the way it smells   hopefully they won't poop on it to \improve\"" the smell """
yeeeeeeeeeep   morgoth pooped on it 
i wish my cat would come home    i miss him so much  sad 
"tron was awesome, christmas was awesome  only thing missing is my idiot cat "
is just dorky enough 
i found my <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"tree gone, (most) pineneedles gone, decorations back in boxes   is it just me, or is january really bleak?"
i don't like me sick   me sick sucks   especially at work  sad 
"wookies are taller, grumpier ewoks, you just don't realize this till the third movie "
"how is this for talent: i hemmed my pants while wearing them, and it was a proper hem job, not a sloppy half-assed one   it even looks properly invisible from the outside of the pants "
"i will never shop at target again  on friday they charged me $536, instead of $53  it was voided, but it's shown up on my account  they tell me i have to wait two to four business days for the charge to go away  what am i supposed to do in the meantime? my bank account is now in the negatives  the worst part is their indian guest relations  they don't understand, they don't listen, they don't care "
i am so tired of cleaning up cat puke    
"'twas brillig and the slithy toves did gire and gimble in the wabe; all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrabe "
happy saint <propfirst>'s day my <propfemale> (or otherwise) friends!  don't forget to wear green!
my bedroom finally feels like it's mine now   i have put up my <propfemale> lamp with the blue lampshade  smile 
welcome to the gas recession of 2011! please feel free to kick the oil executives!
"it has not even been a week since my boy <propfemale> was fixed, and he's already got a potbelly   he's gonna be really fat "
thank goodness it's friday    i can't wait to go home and sleep 
"i think my cat is about to e playful lode   he gorged himself while we weren't looking and now looks like he's about to pop out 10 kittens    and he's a boy!!!  stoopid cat thinks i'm starving him now that i've hid the food bowl away   anyone, can a cat's stomach e playful lode from eating too much?"
i hate having to be a responsible adult  sulk
my tonsils look like they're growing mold
"i bought a car today! meaning yesterday for the rest of you   however, i cannot drive it > >;"
