db55c9732785aac001d905e4ac1ccc46
"not only was i accepted to uconn, but they also awarded me their academic excellence scholarship that totals $11,616 per year!"
and it starts sometime around midnight  or at least that's when you lose yourself for a minute or two 
"love is in the air, and i'm choking to death on it "
in my dreams i love you like a snowstorm in the night 
"somehow you saw someone worth saving  you pulled me back into the light  now if ever i can rescue you  when you need two arms to fall into, you know exactly where i'll be  just look for me  oh, look for me  when it seems like you have lost it all, and it feels like you're in free fall goin' deep into the <propfemale>, i will rescue you "
"late on shallow evenings while their enemies slept, they hammered the soil asking for answers in green "
everything you touch you don't feel  do not know what you steal  shakes your hand  takes your gun  walks you out of the sun  what you touch you don’t feel  do not know what you steal  destroy everything you touch today  please destroy me this way 
it's not easy to erase your blood 
"you know, i built these walls for a reason and watched you tear them down  now i'm letting you in 'cause i like what you're saying "
russian roulette is not the same without a gun 
there's no glitter in the gutter  there's no twilight galaxy 
forget about the sunshine when it's gone 
i'm just a happy kid stuck with the heart of a sad punk 
"got no arms, got no legs, got no shoulders, but i got a head  i've got a head that tells me stupid things to do  and i got heart, and i got heart, although its slowing pulling me apart, 'cause i never feel the same as you "
laugh to erase the dirt on your mind
you can think of me when you forget your seatbelt and again when your head goes through the windshield 
"i will avenge my ghost with every breath i take  i'm coming back from the dead, and i'll take you home with me  i'm taking back the life you stole "
aar  love 
can you help me find a way to <propfemale> on again?
 love  metric  love 
aww thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
"i wanna swim away but don't know how  sometimes it feels just like i'm falling in the ocean  let the waves up, take me down  let the hurricane set in motion  let the rain of what i feel right now come down  let the rain come down "
i guess there's just a part of me that likes to bring you down just to keep you around 'cause the day that you realize how amazing you are you're gonna leave me 
acceptance into ohio state? check  acceptance into the honors and scholars program? check 
keep your lies to yourself  every lie i've heard from someone else 
i spent almost my entire night with svh instead of studying for ap calculus  worth it? i think so 
"i <propmale> out with some of my amazing tennis friends, acted inappropriately, and totally kicked <propfemale> fedorek's ass in a burping contest  yeah, it was a good night "
"let's remember the good times that 2010 brought us: that ridiculous snowstorm, mardi gras, crazy trips to eat'n park and friday's, prom, graduation, adventures in europe, starting college, halloween weekend, going out to cantinas with my girls, kicking michigan's ass again, the big freeze  fuck all the bullshit  bring on 2011 "
afc north champs!!!
"you despise me, and i love you "
my life is just one big epic fail
approach the world with open eyes and you will find there's heart in mind
9 inches  sad 
you know we are a heartbeat away from having no heartbeat at all 
they sell hoagies at mcginnis that are 6 feet long? i think i know where my next paycheck is going!
how i miss your ranting  do you miss my all time lows?
there's one for the sorrow and two for the joy and three for the girls and four for the boys  there's five for the silver and six for the gold and seven for the secrets that are never to be told  there's eight in the river and nine in my head and ten of the worst kind sleeping in my bed 
"bye  bye  bye, sucker  you die  die  die, sucker "
"get up and go  take a <propmale> and be strong, or you could spend your whole life holding on  don't look back  just go  take a breath  move along, or you could spend your whole life holding on  you could spend your whole life holding on  don't spend your whole life holding on "
love is dead  love is gone  love don't live here anymore 
"but your taste still lingers on my lips like i just placed them upon yours, and i starve  i starve for you  but this new diet's liquid and dulling to the senses and it's crude, but it will do "
"i owe you, but i know you  you'll have me back, but it's gonna take a week "
"the love died, but the hate can't fade "
"\what are marijuana tablets?\"""""
get outta my way  get outta my life 
what about my problems? the people try to solve them  i guess i'm under the weather since no one else belongs here with me 
can you catch me if i let go?
i'll have four sides of bacon
"if we're a to b, then how fit in c?"
i can't forget what you've forgotten
"things i need to do: read <propmale> caesar, write 3 essays, finish tracing act 5 of macbeth, finish the act 5 study questions, do ap psych vocab, do some ap spanish and ap calc homework, finish my ap econ problem set, and start making my prom dress  fml"
"it doesn't hurt me  you wanna feel how it feels? you wanna know, know that it doesn't hurt me?"
i'm gonna rip you a new hole  i'm gonna make you wish you were dead  i'm gonna be impossible  i've gotta tell you i'm seeing red  i'm gonna make you wish you were dead  i'm gonna make you wish you were dead  i'm gonna make you wish you were dead  i'm gonna make you 
the ohio state university: class of 2014
we're all pushing through for summertime  smile 
"baby, did you forget to take your meds?"
happy velociraptor awareness day!
i just gotta get off my chest that i think you're divine 
"i need you more than anyone, darling  you know that i have from the start, so build me up, buttercup  don't break my heart "
"i'm <propmale> from where you are  i lay down on the cold down, and i pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms "
"i will avenge my ghost with every breath i take  i'm coming back from the dead, and i'll take you home with me  i'm taking back the life you stole  this hole you put me in wasn't deep enough, and i'm climbing out right now  you're running out of places to hide from me "
"please copy this to your status if you have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for needing a smack upside the head except a smack upside the head, but together we can raise awareness!"
your real friends are the ones that will go in the handicap stall with you and hold your dress while you pee at prom 
"what have i become? you've played your part of the guiltless heart, and the truth has all seeped out  should i just turn my head? discard the past and play dumb just like the rest? no, i'm going to throw my fists in the air and erase you from my memory so i can leave you and all of this shit behind "
"if it's love, and we're two birds of a feather, then the rest is just whenever  if i'm addicted to loving you, and you're addicted to my love too, we can be them two birds of a feather that flock together "
"one of these days, you're gonna wake up wondering how it went down  then, in that daze, you're gonna make up something and wallow around in your room  maybe it's soon  maybe it won't be for some time  i hope you'll be thinking of me, and i hope you won't be lonely "
"leave me bleeding on the bed  see you right back here tomorrow for the next round  keep this scene inside your head  as the bruises turn to yellow, the swelling goes down, and if you're ever around in the cities or the suburbs of this town, be sure to come around  i'll be wallowing in sorrow, wearing a frown, like pierrot the clown "
"what's new, buenos aires? i'm new  i wanna say i'm just a little stuck on you  you'll be on me to "
i'm not sorry i met you  i'm not sorry it's over  i'm not sorry there's nothing to save 
don't stop believing  love  sen10rs
fever of 103° the day before graduation? fml
"we thought we'd be somewhere else  we started a long time ago  we thought we'd be anywhere else  don't think that it's over  i know that the world belongs to us, and it's just the beginning "
got no time to take a picture  i'll remember someday 
"approach the world with open eyes, and you will find there's heart in mind "
let's slit our wrists and burn down something beautiful 
"who is the lamb, and who is the knife?"
"you've got nothing to lose except for me and you, and i love that attitude when you know i can do - i'll do better than you "
you're the spider  i'm the helpless fly 
"if i could spend the night underneath your starry eyes, then i wouldn't have to say goodbye "
"and for every endless midnight, there's a sky full of broken stars "
"i can't really e playful lain it  i haven't got the words  it's a feeling that you can't control  i suppose it's like forgetting, losing who you are, and at the same time, something makes you whole "
"it's not fair  just let me perfect it  don't wanna live a life that is comprehensive 'cause seeing clear would be a bad idea  now, catch me up  i'm getting out of here "
"when it goes black, it goes black so fast "
"you've got a short fuse, and i've got designs on lining you up and setting you off and watching you burn for me "
are you ready for the great escape?
1913 <propmale>
"you're so damaged, but you manage to handle it well "
i got to breathe  you can't take that from me 
what are you waiting for? am i right or wrong?
4 weeks
"looking for the right track, always on the wrong track, but are you catching all these tracks that i'm laying down for you?"
"there is nowhere else i'd rather be, but i can't just be right here "
"but i can't fight back, even in my dreams  my fortitude is nothing like it seems  at night, they come, and i just let them in  i never win "
"we all had our ski masks and sawed-off shotguns, but how do you plan for a bank full of nuns?"
can you help me feel anything? i'm lost 
a little death makes life more meaningful 
"goodbye, monroeville  hello, <propmale> "
"\there is a cute man here that i am hunting like a dolphin hunts buckets of dead fish at sea world \"" - <propfemale> coyne"""
i'm a bulimic pregnant 
how bout dem stillers?
i just gotta get off my chest that i think you're divine 
you can think of me when you forget your seatbelt and again when your head goes through the windshield 
epic spewage
"i found a hundred different ways to say that i am not in love with you  maybe more if i was sure, but i'd be lying not to be your fool "
being shocked with a stun gun is not that bad 
"be afraid  darling, i'm a hurricane  if you shipwreck your love, i will be all the blame "
"i will walk on water, and you will catch me if i fall  i will get lost into your lost into your eyes, and i know everything will be alright  everything will be alright "
save me from a villianous imagination 
i swear i'll tear myself apart with what's behind these eyes 
say a little prayer to never feel this way again 
at least we didn't get shut out    <propfirst> bloomfield
"\wait   what year is it?\"""""
set me free  leave me be  i don't want to fall another moment into your gravity 
"when there is nothing left to burn, you have to set yourself on fire "
"thank you to everyone who fought for our freedom, to everyone who is still fighting for it, and to my grandfather  thank you for what you've done and what you're still doing in heaven  i miss you  7 28 1917 - 9 11 2010  love "
"today, i lost my wallet, which included my credit card, debit card, medical insurance card, and my buckid  i had to call pnc to cancel my cards, and i won't get my new cards until i go home for thanksgiving  then, i had to cancel my buckid, which i found out costs $20 to replace  i have to pay with a check because i have no cash and no debit card to withdraw cash with, but i'm not even sure if they accept checks  fml"
i just realized how much this next week and a half are going to suck 
it's just the victory within the struggle 
back in the burgh!
muck fichigan!!!
michigan is our bitch again!!!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
i hate the ones who love to hate because they're just like me 
"thank you, <propfirst> nungesser  i thoroughly enjoyed your penis "
london!!!
"london is awesome, but i can't wait to be back in pittsburgh tomorrow night "
remember when i said i was coming home tonight? just kidding  i actually have no idea when i'll be home  i just love snow 
"according to <propfemale>'s website right now, i will be flying out of <propfirst> on thursday at 4:10, stop in atlanta for an hour and a half, then arrive in <propmale> around midnight  basically, i won't be home until christmas <propfemale>  hopefully, this will change "
possible trip over to <propfirst> tomorrow? get pumped!
"although i'm spending the night in the atlanta airport, life is good  i have a flight to pittsburgh at 7:25, and i'll be home for christmas "
i can never e playful ress how grateful i am to be home right now 
"oh, <propfemale> <propfemale> dandrea, how i've missed your presence in my life "
yo sólo quiero que me digas que no hay mujer que más admiras
"and there's a lake, and at the bottom, you'll find all my friends  they don't swim 'cause they're all dead "
black and yellow  love 
fuck yeah pittsburgh!!!
"have another drink, and drive yourself home  i hope there's ice on all the roads, and you can think of me when you forget your seatbelt and again when your head goes through the windshield "
happy birthday <propmale> cope! let's go steelers!
afc champions!!! pittsburgh's going to the superbowl!!!
"when i'm talking to myself, i'd always rather be talking to you "
"\drown thyself? drown cats and blind puppies \"" - iago (othello 1 3 130-31)"""
"just went outside, slipped on the ice, and fell down  awesome "
"so whenever i eat a handful of cereal, people think i'm taking a handful of painkillers  i feel like this says something negative about me "
"maybe you're right, but i don't think so "
black and yellow  love 
"congratulations green bay! if anyone beat us in the superbowl, i'm glad it was the packers  pittsburgh, i still love you, and i'll always be a yinzer  we'll get our seventh next year "
"in a dream, i was a werewolf  my soul was filled with <propfemale> light  lavender ribbons of rain sang, ridding my heart of mortal fight "
i'm so over-dosed on apathy and burnt out on sympathy 
one does not simply walk into mordor  one must crept 
<propfemale> rehg: i mean sometimes babies are ugly   
"\what is it? what do you smell?\"" \""man-flesh \"""""
"\flesh is a design flaw \"""""
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  there are too many to mention who have fought it and are fighting it  i hope to see this in the status of all my friends
pittsburgh  smile 
"you don't wanna hurt me, but see how deep the bullet lies "
"not only am i on time for spanish, but i'm also early  i also discovered that one of my suitemates has class at the same time in the adjacent room "
(412): i have big tits  rules don't apply to me 
"never ever put them down  you just lift your arms higher  raise 'em 'til your arms tired  let 'em know you here, that you strugglin', survivin', that you gon' persevere "
"\i am the bubble princess!\"" - <propmale> m  mcintyre"""
"today has been a complete shitstorm on my sanity, and it's not even over yet "
home has never felt so good 
fun fun fun fun
"\what are you doing? you look like <propmale> reynolds \"" - <propfemale> stanutz"""
"i wish <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propmale>, and <propfemale> sands were here to watch the pretty little liars finale with me!"
epic hailstorm
<propmale> weide just dropped the macbook air  a girlish scream ensued 
omfg why am i so damn sloppy?
"hey, <propfirst> miller, did you know that i'm allergic to the sun?"
i'd be lying if i told you losing you was something i could handle 
scream 4 = fucking epic
"truth is that i'm self-destructive  i'm insecure  i'm out of focus  the truth is that i've had enough, but you still help me  you  you don't see me that way  you hear the words that i say  you just tell me my heart's in the right place, it's the world that's confused, and it's never too late to save a hopeless case "
"\i love indian dances to indian music   like in cheetah girls 3!\"" - <propfirst> mcintyre"""
"man, i'm high as fuck  man, i swear i'm on my level "
"it's a good day, and i feel my life is changing "
just proved my super smash brothers prowess by kicking <propfirst> miller's ass three times in a row 
"\harry's totally creeping \"" \""damn  <propfirst> is so bald \"" \""is the <propfemale> dead or just asleep? someone should check that \"" \""they need to stop waving so derp \"" \""what are these hats?\""  love  <propmale> wedding with the suitemates"""
"in honor of mother's day, let's see how many of us can change our profile picture to a picture of our mom and keep it there through may 9  re-post this as your status, and we'll see how many beautiful moms we can get on facebook!  love "
"\his face is just a metaphor for the rest of his body \"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
i see the fluids of the dead
let's recap and get caught up 
but seriously what happened to my other flip flop last night?
i'm baaaaaaaaaaaack!
"\is this a movie about the cuban missile crisis?   oh   wait   it's x-men   \"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
congratulations to all of the gateway seniors graduating tonight! i wish i could be there to see it! good luck to all of you at college next year!
we're all pushing through for summertime  smile 
it's official: <propfirst> miller can fit 150 mini-marshmallows in his mouth at once 
"that awkward moment when you wish your name was \taco\"""""
that awkward and sad moment when you realize you won't see l-19 again until september  sad  thanks to everyone for a truly life-changing freshman year!
keep a smile like an eat'n park cookie  smile 
nyc  smile 
my mother has demanded that i have all of my stuff from college unpacked by tomorrow night  i guess now would be a pretty good time to get started   
where is my mind? way out in the water  see it swimming?
"it's almost 1 smile 0 in the morning on the fourth of july, and how am i occupying my time? obsessing over my future and trying to decide if i want to volunteer for sarnco next year "
"my country, 'tis of thee, sweet land of <propfemale>, of thee i sing  land where my fathers died! land of the pilgrims' pride! from every mountainside, let freedom ring!"
"exactly 2 months from today, i will be moving back to <propmale> and back to l-19  i am beyond excited  these next 2 months better go fast "
that awkward moment when you realize warr was right about you all along 
i just became facebook friends with my best friend's piano  is this real life?
"going to the zoo with <propfemale> <propfemale> dandrea, where she's going to protect me from the bears, and then heading to friday's for some public embarrassment "
we are not in canada wtf
we just got punk'd by a deer exhibit 
just got lost in the ghetto  not even the nice part of the ghetto  it was most definitely the sketchiest part 
there's a special place in hell for last-minute shoppers 
