af5a6e7fb7dda32e66f90531dcbd1daa
what a gray day it is outside   i have done nothing but stayed in my pjs cuddling ryleigh and reading breaking <propfemale>   
i could just kiss ryleigh's little face all day!
just posted some family holiday pics of ryleigh's first christmas!
have a <propfemale> christmas friends!
my poor baby had to get four shots in her legs today at the two month doctors appointment  sad 
i am so blessed! ryleigh is such a talker! i love her more and more each day!
all the family is here for ryleigh's dedication this weekend    all 13 of us sleeping under our roof! we like to get cozy!
back in the office today   12 weeks went by in a blur   i am very blessed though that i can take ryleigh in with me   i wouldn't have been able to part with her for the day yet!
i think ryleigh is most content sitting in my lap as i work at my desk  it is so funny   like she wants to work with me  smile 
aww! what a wonderful husband i have! he took me out to dinner to celebrate my birthday and then when we came home 10 of our friends were in our living room to suprise me! i love him so much!   and my friends too!
"aw, ryleigh has been asleep since i got into the office  i have been doing work on my computer for a little while and ryleigh has been so quite  i finally turned around to look at her and she was just watching me  i am not sure how long she has been awake, but how precious is that?"
ryleigh is three months old today   on my b-day! yay! thanks friends for all the birthday wishes!
"highlight of the week   my birthday massage from my awesome mt friend <propfemale>, while my other amazing friend, <propfemale>, watched ryleigh  it was a much needed hour of quite relaxation!"
"ryleigh slept in her crib in her room for the first time last night  she did great, but it felt weird to me not to be able to wake in the middle of the night and look at her sleeping right next to me  she is getting too big too fast!"
"my heart is going to e playful lode, ryleigh was just giggling  she has made happy sounds like laughs before, but these were full-out giggles  oh how i love her!"
pretty much finished my sermon for this sunday   i feel so ahead of the game!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, and then copy and paste as a comment below"
ryleigh has a cold   our poor little snuffleupagus!  sad 
ryleigh is so talented   today she has mastered the <propmale> of pooping in such a way that it shoots straight up her back and all over her clothes  i have changed her clothes three times today  the joys of motherhood smile 
"trust in the lord with all your heart and <propfemale> not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight  -proverbs 3:5-6"
"not really looking forward to today   it is ryleigh's 4 month doctor's appointment   more shots   on top of the pain of teething  lord, give us strength!"
"well, ryleigh's appointment yesterday went perfect! she wasn't fussy until around 9 smile 0 last night    then again i think she was upset then because <propmale> picked vienna on the bachelor finale!!! what a loser!  smile "
"so someone bought me 'comforts for baby' brand diapers(generic kroger brand) and ryleigh has been wearing them the past week   no poopy blow outs onto her clothes   today she was back in a name brand diaper   poopy blow out on her clothes  just a money saving tip for you mommies out there   try \comforts for baby' diapers """
long morning   finally ryleigh is taking a nap   pray i can get everything done while she sleeps!
big day for ryleigh   finally rolled over from tummy to back on her own for the first time and her first serving of rice cereal! yay ryleigh!
"well, my office is almost completely packed up and tonight is my last wednesday night leading youth group for the amazing teens of fuel ministries   weird"
"had some great coffee and conversation today at the coolest coffee shop, plate 21  thanks <propfemale> for taking me there! love it!"
think i am dehydrated from walk outside on this hot day   it is nice to have the sun though
"happy easter! read my hubby's status  i say ditto!  smile  death has been defeated, love wins!"
"well, ryleigh knocked my coffee this morning all over my legs, then puked on me twice and now got poop on my shirt    ah, the joys of motherhood  smile "
"about had a heart attack! i was sitting here in the living room on the computer and all of a sudden a man walks past the window in my back yard    it ended up just being the gas meter reader, but with the break ins next door recently i am a little on edge   smile "
"so bored  sure wish my husband would spend  quality time with his wife and daughter instead of in his studio, recording all the time   smile "
yay! it is the weekend! my hubby will be home soon!
you know your a mom when you are excited for your husband to go out with your daughter for the evening     so you can clean the house and shower!  smile 
wow   this is my first time alone at home in almost 6 months!
"the creator of the universe is passionately pursuing you! he is crazy in love with you! yes, i am talking to you!  smile "
"let's keep the prayer chain going for 2 year old audri, just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer   if you see this post   even if you don't know audri    god knows   please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl  everytime you see one of your friends post is this   say another prayer   let's see how awesome god is!!  smile "
"seriously, ryleigh has been sitting in my lap on the couch for the past half hour   when did she puke all over the couch without me noticing?"
ryleigh is half a year old today!
"so over siobhan   and <propfirst>, even though he is a country singer and it was shania night  am i the only one who feels this way?"
be strong and courageous    for the lord your god is with you wherever you go! -<propfirst> 1:9
"it is a great day to be alive  after my close encounter with death, or at least injury yesterday!"
why did i just get a suggestion to add miley <propmale> as a facebook friend? that's alright   i will pass  lol 
here is a little tip for all you homemakers out there   adding detergent to the laundry load helps  smile    
wonderful day! cookout and friends over all day!
"not sure what i am thinking, but the plan is to meet my friend <propfemale> at old navy at 7am for $1 flip-flop day   "
<propfemale> day full of laundry    annoyed 
"well, this is a first   a blow out of poop all over my jeans    \ryleigh's poop, not my own poop (just to clarify)"
thank you <propfirst> darling for taking such beautiful pictures of ryleigh in our backyard yesterday!
"really hoping <propfemale> wins idol because if she does i get a 30 <propfemale> massage from <propmale>, if <propfirst> wins, <propmale> gets the massage   but i think i could use the massage more!  smile "
"i was not on facebook yesterday, so here is a late shout out to my 7 month old baby girl! i love you ryleigh! best 7 months of my life so far!"
"ryleigh is crawling! yay, baby girl!"
anyone else ever had kellogg's yogos bits before? they are delicious! i got some from aldi 
well ryleigh just ripped the shift key off the mac   daddy will not be happy   at least there are two shift keys   annoyed 
ryleigh had her first e playful erience at cedar point today  the parent swap thing they offer is pretty sweet too!
i haven't been on yet today but better late than never   happy father's day to the best dad in the world and to the most wonderful husband and baby daddy in the world!
yay! our new kitchen countertops are being installed tomorrow!
this is going to be a rough day  ryleigh has been screaming bloody murder all morning due to teething and i need to get my message ready for sunday  i finally just placed her in her crib to cry herself to sleep  pray for comfort for her and focus for me to get the things done i need to while she sleeps 
can not believe my baby girl is 8 months today! time flies by twice as fast once you have a baby  we had a wonderful day though!
seeing eclipse tonight! so pumped!
"well, we officially need to baby proof now   ryleigh is crawling all over the place and it is too hard to keep up now "
want a good laugh? try doing hip hop abs with my husband  he has got moves you have never seen before! i am not sure if i burned more calories from the workout or from laughing so hard!
yay! can't wait to spend the weekend with our wonderful friends abbi and pj!!!
wish i could post new pics from the past month but i can't find the stupid cord to transfer them from the camera to the computer!  sad 
not feeling so hot  prayers for a quick recovery are appreciate 
i have been a facebook slacker lately   yesterday ryleigh turned 9 months! she has been out of the womb longer than she was it it now!  smile  she is growing up so fast!
please keep my mom in your prayers  she is in the hospital and they are waiting on blood test results to figure out what is wrong with her 
please keep my mom in your prayers  she is in the hospital and they are waiting on blood test results to figure out what is wrong with her 
we just found out my mom has leukemia  please pray for healing  i know god is in control and has her in his hands 
my mom starts chemotherapy today  please continue to pray  god will have the victory in all this!
glad i got to spend the weekend with the parents  my mom has had 3 days of chemo now and has seemed to handle it well  praise the lord! there is power in prayer! please continue to pray for healing 
wow! god is so faithful to provide all we need if we simply ask  he just answered a prayer i prayed just this morning! it gives me more assurance than ever that he delights in giving good gifts to his children!
congrats <propfirst> and <propfirst> gilson! what a wonderful wedding! ryleigh had fun too- clapping and dancing with mama!
"continue to pray for my mom  now that the first round of chemo is done, she is feeling more of the symptoms from it  however, we are still praising god for helping her through this rather smoothly so far "
my mom has her second bone marrow test today to see if the chemo was effective  please pray for good results!
ryleigh is so funny   she keeps waving and saying hi   maybe to her imaginary friends?
"well, unfortunately, my mom will have to go through another stronger round of chemotherapy starting tomorrow  please continue to pray for healing and peace for my mom "
"happy 10 months birthday, ryleigh joy!!!"
"if anyone in the toledo area wants a kitten, there were kittens born in the woods outside <propmale>'s work  the humane society won't take them because they were born in the \wilderness\""  let me know if you are interested """
my mom finished up her second week of chemotherapy  she will begin a cell growth therapy tomorrow to help her toward recovery  we are optimist that the next biopsy will be cancer-cells free and she will be able to go home in the next couple weeks  please continue to pray!
so i was mooned by 3 college guys passing ut on door st tonight on my way home from small group   yikes!
watching rv's 2010 with my hubby   love being a young couple who act like we are in our 70's    smile 
"well, today is day 41 in the hospital for my mom  please pray for her spirit to be lifted as she waits to be well enough to go home  as soon as her blood counts go up again, she can leave "
yay! my mom gets to go home tomorrow! continue to pray for her recovery and a complete curing of this cancer!
"ryleigh was so precious today, first she took all of her laundry out of her basket  and throw it all over the living room floor, but then she helped me pick them up by handing them to me one at a time while laughing the whole   i guess she thought it was a fun game "
my mom has another biopsy tomorrow   pray for a remission!
happy birthday to my wonderful husband   chad berlean! ryleigh and i love you and can't wait for you to get home!!!
ryleigh is so cute    she loves to read her books to herself   in baby language of course
i have not be on my facebook in a couple days but i have great news   my mom is in remission! thanks to all for your prayers and continue to remember my mom in your prayers!
i am so used to a quite home meaning ryleigh is sleeping that i am finding myself trying to do things quite around here even though i am home alone at the moment  smile 
on this day 4 years ago i married my best friend  he is the most incredible husband and father i could have ever asked for and i love him more each day  i am so thankful he chooses each day to love me back  happy anniversary chaddy poo!
wow! <propmale> and i went to this nice italian restaurant downtown at the docks to celebrate our anniversary tonight  the owner of the company <propmale> works for came in and saw us   and paid our <propmale> as an anniversary gift!!!
"my mom is still in remission, but relapse is likely and they will eventually be doing a bone marrow transplant   in the meantime, she is at the hospital for the next week going through another chemotherapy treatment  she started today  please continue lifting her in your prayers "
do any of my toledo friends have a 3-tier cupcake stand i can borrow of ryleigh's birthday party?
"so i had a basket of laundry in the living room and, of course, ryleigh dumped it out   a little while later i looked over at her and she was wearing a pair of my underwear around her neck   good thing they were clean!"
"ryleigh took like 10 steps across the living room tonight! yay, big girl!"
my baby is one today! happy birthday ryleigh!!!
just spent the morning having a spa day with the amazing and beautiful women of the oaks woman's shelter  what a blessing it was!
"went out to dinner at 5pm with some friends who also have a one year old, left the restaurant at 6 smile 0, came home, now playing some more with ryleigh before putting her to bed  we parents sure know how to party like rock stars!"
"if you don't believe there is a god, all you need is to have a baby and e playful erience the miracle of life   if you don't believe there are guardian angels, all you need is to have a toddler   cats aren't the only ones with nine lives  thank you lord for protecting ryleigh today!"
"if you don't believe there is a god, all you need is to have a baby and e playful erience the miracle of life   if you don't believe there are guardian angels, all you need is to have a toddler   cats aren't the only ones with nine lives  thank you lord for protecting ryleigh today!"
never thought the day would come that i would buy a pair of skinny jeans   
i love my husband    i wouldn't sit and watch storm chasers with anyone else 
"toledo area friends, come on out to plate 21's christmas boutique tonight from 6-8pm where i will be selling some of my <propmale> and taking custom orders to be done by christmas! 3664 rugby dr, toledo "
i suppose now it is time to begin preparing for the message i am sharing on sunday   
"going on a triple date tonight to the zoo lights- <propmale> and i with ryleigh, her boyfriend, <propmale>, and parents <propfemale> and <propmale>   smile "
family fun sledding down the hill in our front yard with ryleigh  she loved it!
my baby is becoming a big girl  she doesn't even need me to put her to bed anymore  <propmale> has put her to bed the past two nights without me 
<propfemale> christmas everyone- ryleigh's biggest gift this year   a baby brother or sister coming around july 31st!
"so   as we were taking the trash out tonight, i heard something rustle in the bush against our house  i looked over and saw a huge new york sized rat! apparently, they have been a problem in toledo neighborhoods lately due to all the construction  i am so paranoid now that that thing is going to get in our house! yikes!"
excited to have some wonderful friends over tonight to bring in the new year! it isn't very often that we get to spend time with friends past 8 smile 0pm anymore   hope i can stay up that late!  smile 
"please keep my mom in your prayers  she is going to the hospital tomorrow for the bone marrow transplant  first will be a week of chemo, then the transplant  there is still a long road ahead, but we have peace knowing it is all in god's hands "
my mom had a rough day today and they will be doing the bone marrow transplant tomorrow  please keep her in you prayers 
birthday date night with the hubby! he took me to the funny bone comedy club!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  i am thankful for such wonderful friends and family!
"so ryleigh didn't fall asleep until after 10 last night, woke up at the usual time   and now has been talking and jumping around in her crib the past hour instead of napping  that child better sleep all the way to <propmale> tonight   "
"well, i guess if the whole family is going to be sick, might as well be sick while your snowed in anyway     annoyed \"
"i love my husband and daughter! of course i love the rest of my family and friends too   but i couldn't have asked for a better husband or daughter, so this is a special shout out to them!"
"just wanted to share one of ryleigh's new words   glasses, except she leaves off the g-l  lol!"
what would i do without my ryleigh joy and her silliness and curiosity?   she keeps life interesting for sure!
"ahhh! <propfemale>, what are you doing?! <propmale> better still pick her!"
"tomorrow morning is the big, long-awaited moment   will the ultrasound reveal a boy or girl!?! any guesses?"
looks like ryleigh will will be having a little   sister! <propfirst> love!
it is a miracle that ryleigh hasn't broken the crib with the way she jumps around and rattles the gate   i guess she is awake and ready for me to come rescue her!
i guess dressing provocatively gets more  votes on american idol that mad vocal skills   how could <propfirst> be the bottom and <propfemale> not even be in the bottom three   ridiculous!
ryleigh has these two bird stuffed animals and she was just holding them in her hands and making them tweet a little conversation with one another  too cute!
i am pretty sure the creators of yo gabba gabba are pretty heavy drug-users   but ryleigh sure loves that show!
<propmale> and i are being adventurous and going to <propfemale> <propfemale>'s tonight for dinner!  smile 
i love to feel little <propfirst> fluttering around in my belly   my favorite part of being pregnant 
"so thankful for that beautiful weather today   went for a walk, had mr  freeze with friends and i gave ryleigh her first pedicure! she now has her toes painted blue to match mommy's and she couldn't have been more proud showing them off in her sandals!"
"we were stopped on the turnpike for two hours due to construction, started moving for two <propmale>, and now are only crawling along  will we have to sleep in the car tonight? how can you close the entire turnpike down at 7 smile 0pm?"
so excited for all the girlfriends that <propfirst> will have in toledo that will be born within a couple weeks of her!
\the earth was shaking in the dark\,af5a6e7fb7dda32e66f90531dcbd1daa,we decided to check out a greek-orthodox church for their good friday service- the sactuary was beautiful but the service pretty dry and boring  when we left i asked ryleigh if she had fun and she shook her head and said no   smile 
ryleigh's game for the day   grabbing the remote and throwing it on the ground so the back pops off and the batteries fly out   then attempting to put them back in   it is really fun for me too    annoyed 
finally added updated pictures of ryleigh from the last six months   smile 
my lil baby girl is growing up  today is her first night in her big girl bed in her new room  let hope she actually stays asleep in there all night 
"i am so proud of ryleigh!!! not only did she sleep through the night in her new bed, but she slept in til after 9! happy saturday!"
"yum! <propmale> slaw on bbq chips  delicious  yes, i am pregnant!  smile "
"ryleigh was just singing along with the <propfemale> hudson weight watchers commercial  american idol season 24, here we come!"
i wonder how the guy who is predicting the end of the world tomorrow is spending his final day?  smile 
"what am i going to do on wednesday night after tonight? last lifegroup until fall, american idol finale, and season finale of modern family "
saw a couple riding horses down our street today    we live in toledo nowhere near farm land  it was a little humorous to see 
"ryleigh makes me laugh  everytime she takes my glasses off of my face, she wipes the lens on her shirt before putting them on  she mimics everything i do "
"i know i was pregnant all through the summer with ryleigh, but being at the end of a pregnancy in this heat is a whole different ball game!"
biggest mistake i've made recently    downloading toddler games on my iphone  ryleigh wants to be on my phone more than i am on it!
"holy spirit, come! i am giving the message for pentecost in tomorrow's worship gathering at erc  and after a busy, exhausting day today, i will truly need his power to speak through me!"
"in the morning we have another ultrasound of <propfirst>  maybe this time she will look more like a baby than a ghost from the japanese horror movie, the grudge!  smile "
"ryleigh thinks she is really sneaky! she was hiding behind the curtains and i assumed she was just looking out the window drinking from her sippy cup, because i heard slurping  then i heard  a lot of water spill on the floor and she screamed  she had stollen my water bottle and was hiding from me as she attempted to drink my water!"
"i seriously can't put into words how much i love ryleigh! it is hard to picture loving anyone as much as her, yet i am excited that in about 6 weeks <propfirst> will arrive and my love will only grow! by the way, i love my husband, <propmale> berlean, with all my heart too!"
i think it is humorous that my husband always makes fun of me watching the bachelor bachelorette and how fake it is    and then he always watches ghost adventures  really?!?
ryleigh is such a girly girl and is obsessed with earrings  i am considering getting her ears pierced even though i always swore i would wait until she was old enough to help care for them  so i am taking a poll: to pierce or not to pierce?
i am already exhausted from the day! looking forward to a nap during ryleigh's nap time today 
so thankful for my amazing friends here in toledo who gave a baby shower for <propfirst> tonight  you all are such a blessing to me and my family  love you all!
please pray for my mom  she needs to have a bone marrow biopsy done tomorrow  thanks friends 
"update from my mom's biopsy- they did not find any more leukemia cells in my mom's bone marrow, which is a huge praise  however, she is not producing enough platelets so she may need further treatment in the next few months  please continue to pray for god's healing "
just got 2 'heluva good!' dips at meijer for $ 25 a piece  that's a 'heluva good' deal!  smile 
"the nurse at my doctor's office said that <propfirst> has long legs based on the last ultrasound    yes, i can feel them kicking my ribs quite frequently   smile  4 weeks til the due date!"
"so ryleigh was just sitting next to me on the couch, then she lifted my shirt to start petting my belly  i asked if she was saying good morning to <propfirst> and then she laid her head on my belly  so precious!"
aw  poor ry has diarrhea today and all she wants to do is snuggle 
my husband is hot!
"so at my doctors appointment earlier, the dr said that if i don't go into labor on my own before the 25th, she will be planning to have me induced that day  that is only 20 days from now! yay!"
"i can hardly wait for <propfirst> to arrive! however, i would like to catch up on ryleigh's scrapbook beforehand  i have only procrastinated on that one for about a year and a half   smile "
getting all the baby stuff organized and ready for <propfirst> has been more challenging than i anticipated  it would help if ryleigh weren't trying to get into everything  and tonight we had to move all of the things from our attic into the nursery so we can have guys come re-insulate it tomorrow 
the down side to having the last home improvement appointment of the day    the stench of sweating hard- working men in my house  i feel a little nauseous 
10 more days til <propfirst> arrives!
on a hot date with the hubs! probably our last night out alone for a while   smile 
glad i got those errands done earlier this morning when it was only 95 degrees out instead of the current 102 degrees! and thankful for ac!
"congratulations to our friends, brandyn and <propfemale> phelps! it was a beautiful wedding day! nothing like being in a wedding the day before getting induced  now time to pack my hospital bag!"
starting to feel the nerves and anticipation of going into the hospital tonight and having a second baby tomorrow! craziness!
well things are kind of boring here at the moment  supposed to get my water broke soon so that should progress things more quickly!
"for those of you who are not facebook friends with <propmale> as well    <propfirst> love was born last night at 10:10pm, 6lbs 2oz, 20in long  i will post some pics soon!"
anyone in toledo know a great pediatrician? we havent been very pleased with ryleigh's and are looking to find a new one for her and <propfirst> 
"yay, <propfirst>! thanks for sleeping well for mommy and daddy last night! let keep it up every night like that!"
seriously! i do not remember ryleigh ever pooping this much!
"i love my life    baby girl sleeping on my chest right now, and big girl dancing around the living room with daddy   smile  i am so blessed!"
"i can't believe what a big girl ryleigh is becoming  she is such a good helper with <propfirst> and then yesterday she screamed and scared <propfirst> but when <propfirst> started crying she came up to her and sweetly said,\i'm sorry <propfirst>\""  precious!"""
so i was just watching the news and they were talking about how people can now text message 911 emergencies and were showing people text messaging while they were driving  wouldn't that cause more accident emergencies?
"ryleigh just burped and said excuse me  i am glad she is learning manners  smile  on another, <propfirst>, it was not polite keeping mommy and daddy up all night last night "
lol! the movie nacho libre kills me 
so after our first week or two i thought <propfirst> seemed so easy and ryleigh would be the challenging one   i am beginning to change my view  enjoying breakfast and cuddle time with ryleigh now that grouchy-butt is finally sleeping   smile 
"i guess <propmale> needs to call in his boys, the ghost adventures team, to investigate ryleigh's room  she woke up screaming last night and was pretty much inconsolable for a half hour or so and she kept pointing at the wall above her bed like she saw something scary  this is not the first time we have gotten a weird feeling in that room  even our cat has acted weird in there before "
you know your are a worn out mommy when you look forward to your dentist appointment at 7pm because it means a little quite time away from the babes 
"ok <propfirst>, i can see you are heading in the right direction- sleeping for a 5 hour stretch last night   good! however, waking up at 3 smile 0 am and staying awake until 5 am   not good "
"today is the first time in almost 5 years of marriage that <propmale> hasn't asked me for direction in getting to my parents' house  good job, my directionally challenged hubby!  smile "
at target   alone! i can't even remember the last time i was about to just leisurely walk around this place 
"today my baby <propfirst> is one month old! last night she showed us what a big girl she is becoming by going 8 hours between feedings  thank you, jesus!"
i was looking at part-time jobs on craigslist today    i am not sure i am qualified to be a burlesque dancer or <propfemale> claus   anyone have any other ideas of how i can make some extra money monthly while still being able to stay at home during the day with the girls so we don't have to pay for childcare?
"last night at my friend <propfemale>'s house her one dog started humping the other dog  ryleigh saw them and got behind the humping dog and said, \horsey ride!\"" lol!"""
"i don't think i have gone to bed this early since grade school  had a fun day with the bro and sis-in-law and the nieces but now i am totally exhausted and pizza papolis, though delicious, did not agree with the tummy   sad  good night world "
both girls screaming their heads off for my attention   
best smell ever   lavender nighttime lotion   especially when it is on my clean baby snuggling against my neck  love 
had a dream last night the <propfirst> bromstad came to my house to do a home makeover  how i wish it were true  i love him!
best night of sleep since <propfirst> was born  yay! and i had some weird dreams   
"well, ryleigh decided to give her baby doll a bath today   i was nursing <propfirst> on the couch, forgot to close the gate to the kitchen  half-bath, so ryleigh gave her doll a bath in the toilet then brought it back into the living room soaking wet "
"it’s true we impress people with our supposed perfections, but we connect with each other in our flaws  i’d rather be connected than perfect "
"like father, like daughter    <propmale> and ryleigh are watching wipeout and cracking up and ryleigh claps every time the contestants get hurt   smile "
well this is a first     i was napping on the couch with <propfirst> sleeping against my belly and she had a blow out on her outfit and my shirt  sick!
"i am sitting here snuggling with a daughter in each arm  i looked down at <propfirst> and she was just staring at me  then i said, \hi baby!\"" and she smiled at me! precious """
i find it ironic the the pilot episode of up all night is on at 10 tonight  the exact time <propfirst> will most likely be at her fussiness   smile 
"ryleigh: points to my shirt and says, \shirt's pretty \""  me: \""thank you!\""  ryleigh: \""you're welcome!\"""""
"happy birthday to my wonderful husband and best friend, <propmale> berlean! ( i would tag you if i knew how but i am not cool enough   is there a different way to tag people from the iphone, anyone?)"
thank you <propfemale> for helping me learn how to tag people in my status! love you girl!
being sick with the flu and having to take care of two babies is not much fun  please pray i have enough strength for the day and that <propmale> and the girls don't get sick too 
fun weekend in store! <propmale>'s parents will be coming today and my family tomorrow  <propfirst> is being dedicated at our church tomorrow if any of my toledo friends want to join us at emmaus road church @ 11am!
"uh-oh  we are in trouble! ryleigh just asked for a sip of my coffee  then she said, \mmm\"" and kept asking for more  looks like we might have a future coffee addict like mommy in the house!"""
ok    so 2 year old's temper tantrums are not fun   
"so, do any of my toledo friends want to volunteer to watch the girls saturday night so <propmale> and i can celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary? we really need a night out!  smile "
if there is anyone on the fence about whether or not to have kids    being with me at target today would have made the decision pretty easy 
ryleigh is one smart little cookie  she moved the rocking chair in <propfirst>'s room over to the dresser so she could open the top drawer and get the lotions out  and spread liquid baby powder all over her face  so she came downstairs with a white face  never a dull moment around here!  smile 
"today <propmale> and i celebrate 5 years of marriage! <propmale>, you are the most amazing man i have ever known, you are my best friend, a wonderful father, and i love you more and more each day  i am so blessed to be on this journey of life with you!"
"let's try this post again, but not on a random friend's wall! praying for you freshman today! i would love to hear from you!"
oh how i love my little ocd daughter   just like her mamma!
really my only goal for today was to get a shower    didn't think that was too ambitious   yet here i am still grungy 
it really saddens me that more and more christians seem to not see the importance of meeting together for worship  the early church met together daily and we can't even seem to make meeting together once a week for an hour a priority anymore 
my poor little ryleigh is sick again today  to brighten the mood we all snuggled on the couch for her first viewing of emperors new groove  makes me think of my first time watching that movie with good old friends   
i love it that ryleigh likes big bang theory  you can only watch so much <propmale> jr 
i got back from grocery shopping and <propmale> was in the process of folding laundry   and ryleigh had 3 pairs of my underwear around her waist   smile 
"woohoo! i have lost 10 lbs in the past month! no crazy diets or exercise, just eating in moderation and consistent exercise  now i just have 20 lbs more to go!  smile "
"having children is always an adventure! i was just holding <propfirst> in my lap facing me and a volcano of poop erupted out the back of her pants down onto the boppy pillow, my pants and the couch! that was almost as impressive as the time ryleigh shot poop 4 1 2 ft onto the rug when she was around the same age!"
"sometimes you just want to snuggle with your mommy and not share her with anyone else for the day   isn't that right, ryleigh?"
"two years ago today, we had our first precious baby girl  she brings us more and more joy each and every day she is with us! she is becoming such a big girl  thank you god for this perfect little gift in our lives  happy birthday, ryleigh!"
