cc7c34331e38b6dfc125935e17d7d0c0
spent two hours in a 35 degree meat room and joyfully clocked out only to find that it was also 35 degrees outside 
night classes: the new masochism 
always kinda weird when your mom starts making friends with your friends   
all bs  better than a sharp stick in the eye 
is excited to meet her nephew 
"trophy wife-rejects and coworkers with pms, my day is complete "
"tired, dirty, sore, feet hurt, bruised, and burned, yet happy because i have a job  gotta love this recession, eh?"
yay! i can start planning my wedding!
"i'm going to write a dime-store vamp-romance about a guy named <propfirst>, who sneezes inappropriately, and drives a pinto "
"ahem  chapter one  it was a dark night, bright with shiny stars, when all of a sudden <propfirst>, hopped over the counter and ran towards the fudmart's entrance  throwing open the door, he howled dramatically into the night, \don't touch the pinto!\"""""
thinks her anniversary yesterday was wicked awesome 
"my dad is awesome  this tire-changing business confounds, but he hops right to it "
w-o-r-k the worst four letter word of them all   
"<propfemale> presents    ways to torture your coworkers at work\1 ) talk incessantly about those thirty five thousand cute things your niece did last weekend \2 ) talk incessantly about your impending wedding \3 ) hum the <propfemale> wars theme sing while making chicken salad  for three hours straight  \mmmwahahahahaahaha, feel the evil "
hates  doing  laundry  loves  taking  bubblebath 
heb forced me to eat a pound of cheese today  proof that they never run out of inventive ways to torment 
"i couldn't make this up if i tried  i was in training today and someone asked why they only use female cows for the cheese  i simply e playful lained that it is really dificult to milk the male ones  ah, some people's kids "
"so, i was all like upset that <propfirst> <propfirst> never responded to my message about cockroach chimeras being impossible to kill and how you could take out a leviathan with a harpoon gun, when all of a sudden i realize in a bizarre turn of fb events   \the message never got sent  stupid computer  so, long story short  i will be calling that hitman to cancel "
i love you day off  i love you thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis much!
people who think they know everything are really annoying to those of us who actually do 
"just thrilled to have driven across town to work a three and a half hour shift  i love you too, heb "
"feels like somebody ripped my eyeballs out of my head, stuck them in a deep fryer, then rammed them back in "
thinks that <propfemale> and <propfirst> should quit complaining and count themselves lucky 
"pizza, fajitas, hot dogs, chili dogs, doughnuts, cookies,     what's next heb, mozzarella sticks covered in chococate sauce?"
"has officially been forced to dance   \by a two-year old task master "
"has discovered she can't stand people who blame their inability to work on insufficient coffee intake  <propmale> up, whiner "
"came up with about a million genius status updates at work  now she's home she can't think of any of them \hum de dum  i'm sure it will come to me at 3am  oh, well, i guess i should have written them down "
"i had a great day at work today! so i apologize in advance should any sightings of men on horseback shouting something like \a bushel of barley for a half-farthing!\"" occur """
"no matter where i am in life, no matter what i look like, no matter if it's five am or five pm, whether the sun is shining or hidden behind a cloud, whether the weather be warm or cold   \there will be a creepy guy in the produce section of heb who cannot take a frickin' hint "
is confident <propfemale> smith will make the right decision  *cracks knuckles menacingly*
"5 things you lovely people have missed this past week that i have not had internet access \1 ) at 2am i can put my hair in a perfect pony tail in complete darkness "
"internet is sketchy, i am posting in pieces \2 ) i cut my thumb down to the bone, put a band aid on it and kept working "
3 ) i have awesome friends 
"4 ) dear heb, when your employees are shakins, passing out, and vomiting, it is too much over-time "
"5 ) i pressed the fore-mentioned thumb against the steering wheel of my car the entire ride home to stay awake \\but by all means, keep telling me how hard it is to stay home with a baby all day  i am all ears   wink "
"rides the night sky on a storm cloud made of unicorn farts  <propfemale>, if you steal that one, i will kill you  it is literary gold "
"off to school, to make my mind do something other than trained monkey work "
economics made me sleeeeepy 
my brain meat is fried! fried!
first a of the semester and it's in chemistry   
"after an e playful eriment with texas state's benches, it is confirmed that i can, in fact, sleep anywhere "
nothing seems real right now 
feels like a zombie  only without that whole brain eating thing 
kinda hard to act like you didn't do a school project at the last minute when your hands are covered in spray paint 
running after a bus with a backpack and a purse is haaaard 
why do asshole drivers signal after they cut you off? do they think it negates their bad driving somehow?
"got pulled over on account of my licence plate had flipped down  they thought i was driving without a licence plate  seriously? wimberly, you need a mall  or at least a good donut place "
"how the hell does <propfirst> hannity fit in <propfemale> o'donnell's back pocket? or maybe or pocket is man-sized? not that <propfirst> hannity is a man or anything    \p s  message to republicans i've friended who are offended by my post: grow a sense of humor "
"so a pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging out of his pants \the bartendar asks him, \sir? did you know you have a steering wheel hanging out of your pants?\""\",cc7c34331e38b6dfc125935e17d7d0c0,but i don't wanna write a rough draft 
"it's legat to draw and quarter tail-gaters, right?"
would like to sincerely thank her a c for waiting until october to go out 
"yes, physics you can suck it  see you next semester with a different instructor "
"attn: fellow facebook enthusiasts  i am officially declaring that \blah\"" will no longer be accepted as a status update """
i like triscuits 
happy halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
needs a talking <propfemale> for her boss 
is ebay shopping for wedding sundries 
economics is a retard  there  i said it 
you know your ready for marriage when you start signing you significant other's name on greeting cards 
"i got hit on by drunk, toothless, rednecks  because, you know, my night wouldn't have been complete otherwise "
i have a feeling that cough certain bridesmaids cough are going to be fighting over my nephew at my wedding  perhaps i should look into cloning?
this technology confounds   
too early to be going to work 
"is addicted to wedding magazines  i readily admit i have a problem, i just don't plan on doing anything about  except maybe buy more magazines "
my apartment smells so clean! so fresh! thank you glade plug-in!
sincerely hopes all the sick and injured on fb get better soon!
my eyes are burning  some days i hate you texas 
"another day in group-project-for-prof  writing-paradise  or as i like to call it, <propfemale> designs a website while her team members check their friends status updates on facebook "
i sprained my ankle at work  <propmale> suckfest 
"sigh  you don't want to hear people walking? fine, don't get a first floor apartment then  it's not like enjoy walking around right now, anyway "
"never thought i'd see the day, bam consistently enters his kennel on command "
is starting to feel like she's in one of those final destination movies and would very much like to know what she did to piss <propfirst> <propmale> off  on a note that i realize is completely unrelated: don't boil water in a kettle while listening to music that is heavy on the violin  you'll just stand there glaring at your kettle and wondering why the water won't boil 
happy?
this is the last thing i'll say about it  i didn't even know how to do it and another girl had to do the photo-thingy for me  this is silly 
looking at old photos of lil  can't believe she was ever that small 
"does not understand the thought processes of some people  \so what if it's 32 degrees outside?!!!! i will wear my ballet flats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"""""
wishes learning makeup techniques was something you could just plug into your brain like on the matrix 
house clean=michelle exhausted 
my ankle is better  yay!!!
i'm happy to be done with work  i'll be even happier to one day be done with heb 
happy thanksgiving!!!
"would like to extend thanksgiving time off through to the end of the year, please "
i saw camo leg warmers!! you can not make this stuff up! what?!
has unanimously been declared awesome 
is addicted to lamebook  it's like crack 
sooooooooooo over these dehydration headaches 
wrote my fifteen <propfemale> unit plan with a migraine  i declare myself awesome  owwweeeee 
miss my niece and nephew 
"nobody at work knew what a decanter was so i had to say, \the thing the coffee comes out of \"" i'm trying sooo hard not to let this job make me retarded """
"baby, it's freakin' cold outside "
"the heater is fixed! the heater is fixed! goodbye cheap electric <propmale>! hello, warm-ness "
"capitalizing \i\"" does nothing for emphasis """
"horror movies, popcorn, <propfemale>, soda, other junk food, couch, bamilonius maximus, yep got everything i need for some hard-core studying "
"zombie movie+chicken with bbq sauce=you know? i don't think i can finish this  no bam, you can't have it either "
"economicon:the book that makes you wish you were dead \in other news: dead and breakfast is frickin' awesome "
naps is awesome
"but i don't wanna go to work  pass, please?"
"signal then stop  it's not hard  in other news, i have a really massive project due monday and i'm on internets and blogospheres instead  i think it's my brain's defense mechanism when i try to make it work too hard "
brain   fried   
<propmale> the red-nosed reindeer  because it's ok to alienate people with differences provided they come back as adults and work for you for free 
"sure! i'd love to come in to work! it's not like i have finals or anything! oh, wait   \douchebag manager "
"dude, don't taze me bro or i'll snatch up yo kids and feed em to a double rainbow "
hopes her d-bag manager isn't pushed off of a <propmale>  why? because everyone will think i did it 
i feel like i ripped my brain apart and did a rush job gluing it back together  and i still have one final left 
"oh yeah, and we put the christmas tree up today "
"ok, economicon! here i come with my axe and shotgun so you best be ready "
sigh  what's this world coming to cratchet?
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this  please share-knowledge is power"
lunar eclipse: the <propfemale>'s decision between the sun and the earth 
i passed everything!
there are beavers in the san <propmale> river 
so  tired 
tried so hard to sleep in and woke up at 7 smile 0  that is sooo not fair 
bubble baths are made of awesome 
i have a bizarre craving for pancakes 
"oh, no your not anyone weird  your just some drunk idiot standing on my front porch demanding i give you my corkscrew so you can open a bottle of wine even though i just told you i don't have one because i don't drink  sometimes i think i need more locks "
i think i might be developing <propmale>'s work ethic 
thought i was doing well with writing vows until i realized i was just quoting cheezy 80's love songs 
"code: i'm back from florida \\harlan: do you have doggie bags?\david: why, yes i do need to brush my teeth "
felt totally refreshed at work today  i may have to make vacation having a yearly thing  or daily  whichever 
hallmark: why not pay $5 for a piece of paper?
"i'm hooooome, the shift is over and i'm hoooome "
"i used to think cuero had a shedding problem, now i just think he's giving birth to tribbles "
is having agood day 
"ok allergies, you've given me enough problems now go away please "
does not feel good today   sad 
is going to tell voldemort that cedar fever is in big with the muggles  then is going to relax with a glass of hot tea with <propfemale> 
i passed my swim test!
"so apparently there was some moisture in my steering wheel and it froze and e playful anded, setting off the horn  in the middle of the night  a neighbor freaked and called the cops  who came out and disconnected my battery then came upstairs to tell me about it  hide your kids, hide your wife, hide your husband, they are freezing everything out here  on the bright side, classes were cancelled "
thank you snow for delaying my physics test an additional two days 
"dear weather,\please snow again so i won't have to go to work \sincerely,\me "
moratorium on playing video games in the middle of the night please 
it's official  i have the cutest niece ever  i don't know how the rest of you will cope 
i can breathe underwater  jealous?
is it just me or does it seem like there is a surge of attacks on women's rights? i can't turn my head without hearing about some heinous new law 
one month and sixteen days   
"exactly six weeks  you know, not that i'm counting or anything "
moratorium on cedar  shyamalan was right; the trees are trying to kill us 
<propfirst> swift: why not listen to a priveleged white girl sing about her problems in monotone?
"i made a b on my physics test!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\i don't care what you say the extra exclamation points are totally warranted "
i got flowers and chocolate covered strawberries  totally makes up for one of my books being stolen 
had an awesome time hiking with <propmale> 
five weeks!
representative speier is an american hero 
"is it sad to get excited about avon's campaign 6 coming out? yeah, i didn't think so either "
"dear paul,\i took your kodachrome away \neener, neener \digital "
"if you haven't already signed the letter supporting planned parenthood and decrying the gop's attempts to defund this amazing, life-saving organization, please do so now  they've got 700,000 signatures and need to get 1 million  sign and then make the link your status for a while  please, from the bottom of my heart, stand with pp \ht   tp annoyed  www ppaction org istandwithpp"
three more weeks 
watching <propfirst> chaplin clips on youtube is the best assignment i have ever been given  ever 
"tube tops are a privelige, not a right  now please excuse me while i acid-wash my eye balls "
mid-terms are over and i can finally stress out about something fun instead of migraine-inducing 
"i had to work all day yesterday, so annoyed thirteen days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\sorry this is late "
had an awesome time snorkeling last night in aquarena springs  jealous?
8 more days!
"ahh, this job is killing my shoulder "
"7 days, 3 hours, 14 minutes "
6 days! yeeee!
"7 hours, 7 tables and 70 names later the seating charts are done  there should be some kind of medal for this "
"dive class was awesome!\and i'm getting married in 5 days!"
you guys should have seen the look on <propmale>'s face when he asked me if he had to send out thank you notes too  priceless 
"\a man is what a woman makes him and a woman makes herself \"""""
"and because somewhere deep down inside you knew it was coming   \4 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"<propmale>'s suit is at the dry cleaners  you know what this means? this means i only have 999,999 things left to do in the next four days "
is winning at physics  i have <propmale> blood and einstein dna 
writing names on cards  jealous?
"to make you thursday morning complete annoyed 3 more days!"
"i want it to be friday, but friday after physics class "
2 more days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! beat that mom!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am winning at this wedding  <propfemale> blood and satin dna 
is married 
"just like <propmale> estevez before me, i am winning at name change "
<propfirst> sheen fought <propmale> <propmale>  he did not win 
i like the liking of the liked photos 
"\where is the basement?\""\",cc7c34331e38b6dfc125935e17d7d0c0,i just found out i have a brother and a sister i didn't know about  way to go dad!
xtina and i are going on a road trip and no one can stop us 
studying for a test over <propfirst> chaplin and the 3 stooges  i cannot believe this is an actual class 
