65fdd98a579d4eeeb53117d000024359
1 moon 2 the hurt locker 3 the hangover 4 zombieland 5 star trek 6 thirst 7 sherlock holmes 8 district 9 9 inglorious basterds 10 avatar
"looking for people i know, avoiding  adding <propfemale>"
i feel sick    totally gonna cough on everyone on tuesday   smile 
who thinks going to the movies alone is sad?
"and by the way, what happened to 2012?"
"so on <propfirst>  16, 2030 and for about 4 weeks after that i'm going to confine myself in my five acre, 154th story penthouse   try killing me now death                  *thinks about every final destination*     *gulp "
just didn't 
haha avoided her once again like the swine flu *cough*
reality is just a crutch for people who can't cope with drugs 
last day of work for me 
updating my myspace
"i'm gonna enjoy my retirement by always being on the floor, passed out, whenever my relatives walk into the room "
i'm officially unemployed 
let's do this!!!!
rip <propfirst> swazye
ohh myspace is <propfemale> awesome!
why do i want to be a teacher just to fool around with my students?
is suicide the ony crime one can commit without being arrested afterwards?
house!!!
"awww, house is sane "
"so, who's annoying nowadays?"
from the top of the pole i watch her go down
i googled bing 
paging doctor faggot! doctor faggot!
i wanna do bad things with you
this is your life and it's ending one minute at a time 
"unfortunately, no one can be told what the matrix is  you have to see it for yourself "
all the single ladies
"as your maker, i command you "
khhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaannnn!!!!!
some men just want to watch the world burn 
"came home at 3 last night, pissed off family, i do not care"
"just got back from the heat game, we lost, but all i saw were a bunch of black <propfemale>s fighting over a brown <propfemale> from the great seats i had  8>"
"there is a box of twinkies in that groccery store, and not just any box of twinkies, the last box of twinkies that anyone will enjoy in the whole universe  believe it or not, twinkies have an e playful iration date, someday very soon life's little twinkie gauge is gonna go  empty "
"it's ten-thirty, i'm drifting off and i'll be damned if i don't dream of twinkies "
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
all i have in this world is my balls and my word and i don't break them for no one 
off to my halloween horror nights weekend 
i try and try to not recieve jesus pamphlets from strangers   
"his helmet was stifling, it narrowed his vision  and he must see far  his shield was heavy  it threw him off balance  and his target is far away "
"hmm, depressed for some reason "
can't think of anything to say    e(
sneaking out now   smile      oh and uhhh shhhhh
"i've been a part of this world for 6404 days  you are welcomed, world "
"i hate <propmale>, i'm gonna think about that all week "
i want someone to tell me what is it that makes twilight and new <propfemale> so great 
give them nothing     
"well, it's not gonna suck itself "
"sons of anarchy motorcycle club, redwood original"
my dog licked my balls   
brown sugarrrr
i was one of tiger woods' mistresses
what did <propfemale> murphy ever do for the world?
500 days   
the 6th rule of fight club is ignore the first two rules 
bored
still bored
still still bored
"in a strange way, <propfirst> day <propfirst>  and <propfirst> manson look alike "
who brings mail to the mailman?
fucking bored!
day 8
day 11
the first time is definitely the most important 
the ice ain't melting it's just moving   here 
"ep, almost didn't get it  day 16"
i for one like vin diesel 
i'm gonna meet the mayor tomorrow and i don't know what he looks like 
"i've been at war with chips all afternoon, among the dead are cheetos, doritos and fritos, memorial services will be held in 4 to 24 hours depending on my recent fiber intake  they will be missed  sorely, very very sorely "
day 36
can't wait 'till the <propmale> brothers hit rock bottom
what do you do when the man leading you into battle is an imbecile?
something in this heart has died 
ugh red cross ads while i'm trying to watch family guy
"and you kill the one person who could see what was being done, how wrong the world had become and was the only one who did something to fix it "
dislexai
"i wnet to the kitchen for a cracker, icame back with a glazed doughnut, 3 musketeers bar and a brownie  i wasn't even hungry   sad "
and i will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers  and you will know my name is the lord when i lay my vengeance upon thee 
i'm having hemifacial spasms 
nothing like a little facebook to remind me of how many idiots i know   and down with cynisism 
rest in peace president <propmale> <propmale>
i still have a good nine more months 
<propfirst> washington's cavities would've been termites 
i went to the fair yesterday and paid  i also want pringles and my teeth hurt from the orthodontist appoinment 
=p
"why haven't feminists protested to change \amen\"" to \""aperson?\"""""
happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing i know -hemingway
eating my feelings   
"still trying to get on dateline's \to catch a predator\"""""
"breaking bad  smile    thanks steph and <propfirst> and   sophia    i feel better   well my mind does, not so much my body  =p"
muhahahahahah   muhahahahaha  *no one saw me*
"suicide is man's way of telling god, \you can't fire me  i quit!\"" -<propmale> maher"""
dunking bread into i can't believe its not butter 
i know i'm not forgiven but i need a place to sleep 
i've misplaced my academy awards slip   d:
watching perdido 
i'm mad at the islamic revolution website for lacking any sense of humor when it comes to south park 
the following takes place between   
"you don't cook cookies, they should be called bakies "
someone could've told me it was a repeat!!!!
stupid alarm!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
tgiff
"at airport, grandparents dropping me off, no duct tape in sight   sad "
i am alive 
so between these <propmale> kids having their proms and my dream last night i'm having trouble grasping back on to reality  did our prom pass and  did i miss it?
"hehehehe, duty"
1720 <propmale> from home 
went to the federal reserve and us mint buildings in downtown <propmale> 
"in <propmale> int'l airport, going to <propfirst>   smile "
"in <propfirst>, w8ing to go to mia"
i'm hoooooooome!!!!!!
american airlines movie list:  1  alive 2  final destination 1 3 cast away 4  passenger 57 5  <propfirst> darko
you could melt titanium at these temperatures 
i got a car!!!
got my prom ticket
i love holding my keys!!!!
omicron persei 8  laugh 
 sad (( i wanna wear a sweater tomorrow 
"i'm not gonna wake up on my own at all this week, huh?"
drop what you're doing it's not important  go watch the machete trailer 
"i really wish people would spell \liar\"" as they're supposed to  (as opposed to lier)"""
"best moment of my life: i'm re-parking my car, one of the neighborhood kids says\ i like your mustang\"" i nod """
just slept half the day away  smile 
just got a ten year old joke  feel dumb 
mother's day movie- precious
i made youuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!
if you are not putting the fire you should jump into it 
if you are not putting out the fire you should jump into it 
i don't drive autos i drive cars 
"oh, man  i'm a nerd  i've come out of the cubicle  everything makes so much sense now "
is careful not to step in the bullsh**
goin to the improv   i think 
saw my first stand up show  hilarious 
a giant green iron man suit holding captain <propfemale>'s shield and thor's hammer 
"leaving <propfemale> garden, home bound "
"embrace chaos  it is your friend, it is your guide, it is your everything  embrace yourself "
"\hell!\""the forcible ejaculation broke forth and interrupted poirot's stream of eloquence """
slow facebook day 
slower facebook day than yesterday 
i'm a rebel without a cause 
"i should probably sleep, ap test and all "
the greatest number is zero!
"you either love me or hate me, or think i'm ok "
the only reason humans have lasted this long is because we do not taste good 
i frickin love jawas!!!!
"stranded at the drive-in, branded as a fool, what wll they say, monday at school    "
here we go!!!!!
there should be an animated cockroach movie 
your <propmale> osama looks like a dirty wizard or a homeless <propfemale>   laugh 
i came to school in my car!
getting ready for work 
already thought of the next toy story and its   story 
feels like eating casola's
i remember when news was unbiased and didn't have a political agenda  wait   might've been a dream 
"ahh, the one person inside joke "
i've never seen a <propmale> <propfirst> movie 
ow ow ow   and yup ow 
the biggest movie ever would be all of <propfirst> spielberg's aliens versus <propfirst> <propfirst>'s aliens 
it's complicated 
"wow, it really is a vicious circle "
graveyard shift from now til death   annoyed 
outlasted the storm  smile 
     now in school all i hear is the jeopardy time music  i could be crazy 
"i don't care who (republicans) is responsible for the oil mess, i just want it taken care of before cuba lauches a preemptive strike against the u s  for dirtying their water  -_-"
prom tonight do do do do do!
impaired!!!!!! its awesome!!!! i still spell right though  o o
life is as fun as you make it   smile 
i know it's choo choo but when ppl say woot woot i can't help but think of a train 
wow   that's wtf  wow 
what's one more day? one more period? one more <propfemale>?
is anyone selling grad tickets?
watching the messenger  smile 
"\like\"" this status and i won't do a thing """
what's the policy on shoes?  sad (()))
everyone got their white snuggies?  laugh 
i would say you're beautiful but you always look this good 
back from the gym  laugh 
 surprise 
i didn't even know that was a country 
cuervo and <propfirst> ganged up and whooped my ass 
i wish i had a no drama button 
that means there's 24 billion chicken!
the spokesperson for bing com should be <propmale> <propfirst>'s character from f r i e n d s 
<propmale> cruise is back on my good side 
life without <propmale>   
spent all of yesterday thinking it was tomorrow 
"did he just say \the hard things in life aren't easy\""?"""
i'd hate to be the microsoft employee who gets caught using google 
whenever i e playful erience happiness i think of how the moment will soon be over left only as a memory  -golf bravo
missed opportunity # 49: didn't test out toilets at home depot 
<propfemale>'s dad is the most interesting and most believable character in each of the movies 
what i would do for one more moment   
the last <propmale> thing spain is known for includes a magical fountain and an exterminated civilization 
is it aburido    or aburrido?    -_-     i got nothing to do and i have all this awake to deal with 
i opened a checking account 
they see me rollin they hatin patrolling they tryin to catch me ridin dirty
better check yourself before you wreck yourself
"watching \infection\""  smile """
inception was amazing 
"switzerland, i love your cheese with the holes "
"watching collateral, the gas price in the background was 1 83   crying "
running on no sleep at work
was there a time when strangers got along and socialized at movie theaters and in elevators?
"there is a <propfirst> lohan countdown to jail clock, <propfirst> bieber and lady gaga coverage   but nothing remotely important  did not enough people die today?"
we would look into the stars and not e playful erience fear nor doubt nor pain but love for we are home 
i need chap stick and licorice  somehow the chap stick'll disappear first 
im<text<phone conversation<face-to-face conversation<batman<captain <propfemale>
i just saw the road and [rec]2! so happy!  laugh dddd
alone i am lethal  as a team i dominate 
"i'm on that two week free trial, son!"
still awakey wakey  smile 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            *sigh*
the end is the most important part  the end has to justify each act  the end has to be the best part  the end has to be perfect  the end 
"i'd like to have a dream that i'm in the movie \inception\"""""
i wanna talk on skype!!!!(and i dare not tread into chatroulette)
"leave me alone, please "
i wanna see someone in a wheelchair get a ticket for jaywalking 
"oh <propfirst> northman, you naughty boy "
is focusing on his optimism before work 
it's so fluffy i'm gonna die   laugh dd
watching dr  horrible's sing-a-long blog
i went nuts when you left   i broke a lamp 
0-iu9[hugiy7uf6t54rewwwww-000000000okijhhh8iobu
in the jungle   
the lion sleeps tonight   roar!  wink 
well i broke my tv    with a knife 
yesssss!! it is aliveeee!!!!
"that night, a <propmale> grew   "
i got my car back!!!
waiting to exhale   
love american style
mega shark versus giant octopus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
most people just aren't worth any attention 
the getaway
machete don't text 
you're waiting for a train  a train that will take you far away 
"we'll settle this the old navy way: the first man to die, loses!"
01:11 smile 7
aburrrrrrrrrrrrido
i ain't lettin no zombie <propfemale> bite my shit!
eating a mix of lemonade and sprite   0 o
i  love  to fart
"whoa, wtf is this?"
*yaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwn*
"wait a minute, doc  ah    are you telling me that you built a time machine    out of a delorean?"
watching the social network  smile 
"wow, i forgot how to spell squeaky  pttts"
   but what i do have are a very particular set of skills; skills that i have acquired over a very long career; skills that make me a nightmare for people like you 
not even ten and i already finished a book   wink 
we're standing on the shoulders of freaks 
"say it isn't so, serpico "
"boy, did hitler raise the bar on genocide   "
it's gonna be a good season 
"i've always stressed the need for a teleporter  who looks stupid now?---also, i was e playful ecting a twist ending; like they open the capsule and the miner has been eaten!"
i had kids   
100 minutes underground   
let me be empty
begin the unnecessarily slow-moving dipping mechanism!
don't tell me your problems!!!
6204
oh this trip is gonna be an endurance test 
"crappy hotel room, long drive, front bumper+duct tape, no sleep    still happy  smile     ish"
"trust me, that was broken way before i got here "
i think milk bottles should be in the shape of a cow's tit 
"you're not drunk until you have to\grab onto the grass to keep from\falling off the earth "
gotta find another interesting status   
is this- is she serious?
the dark knight rises is the title of the next batman film   -this is bullshit!!!xo
full of piss and vinegar
do ideas go to heaven?
it's that time of year again   smile 
when i cook i turn off the lights because   you never know   
p s  did you know that turtles can breathe through their anuses?
zombieland!!!
i secretly love high fives  smile 
i want biscuits and gravy   
getting ready 
out the door!
there's no place like home  smile 
whoa   daylight savings
<propmale> morgan: making his corner of the world safer one hefty bag at a time   smile 
no rest for the wicked
i take monorails very seriously 
damn netflix under maitenance!!!
"*burp* ugh, i'm tho thick "
something in my body hurts   and i don't know what it is 
in freefall
damn gamefly under maintenance!!!
"a combination of high, drunk and bored   laugh "
darn a d d  doesn't let me get ready for school  -_-'
out with <propfemale>  south beach!!!
a little drunk  great night 
is at  hooters!
sleep isn't in my schedule > wink 
honk if your horn is broken  wink 
"ugh, can't wait til ten so i can go home "
cutting me off is a crime punishable by death 
i don't sit around waiting for your text  i sit around pretending to do something while actually waiting for your text 
damn hiiiiim!!!!!!!!
can we send him back?
"today, while getting ready for work, i combined several activites that should never be combined  eating breakfast, putting clothes on, and shaving    my face   surprise "
"aww, she's offline   "
"eyy, she's online   "
i'd hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain 
you're not famous until i google you 
"if i were batman, i'd beat my enemies until they were severely brain damaged so they'd be harmless "
> wink  hehehe your pokes are mine! all mine!!!!
imagine if movies got better  every time you would go to the movies your mind is blown even more than the previous time 
out killing zombies!!!
off to make my paper   smile 
"you're looking at me like i'm a guy on a boat with a life preserver, and it's just a big dildo "
"aw man, i miss pikachu   crying "
it isn't until you see someone naked   
it's all part of the plan 
you make me completely miserable   smile 
from now until december 7th change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same  the objective of this is not to see any human face on facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against violence to children  remember we were kids too    pass it on     smile 
one day i wanna copy somebody's status word for word and see if they notice 
the cartoon army is growing!!!
"if you lose a fight with a midget, you become one "
"ugh, get away from me, i'm allergic to stupid "
"finally home, where the heart is   smile )))"
nfnn(-_-)nnfn
"well, time to turn into snorlax  good night to me and good morning to ya'll   smile "
mah undies disapeared  surprise 
<propmale> warhol film named eat  imdb description:a man eats for the duration of the film  a cat enters the screen at one point   laugh 
7 more minutes 
i just saved jesus!
"when did,\i love you\"" become a figure of speech """
an army of mutant poodles!! runnnn!!!!!!
"i'm against breastfeeding, it promotes incest "
"according to my horoscope, my lucky time of the day was 3pm    i was still sleeping - -"
turd on the bathroom floor 
whoever is supposed to be driving my brain fell asleep at the wheel 
"playing black ops and i merc'd! then afterwards a player from the other team breaks the silence, \dude   you're fucking good \"" ^ ^"""
<propfemale>'s status is gonna be stupid  wink 
"$273,201,851,800"
your safe word should never be: 'harder'
"if the characters in cloverfield had cars, the movie would've ended way earlier "
"well,like nike says, just do me "
i use a shower as an excuse to be naked 
inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception inception
-_-'
someone stole my fucking car!
having strange thoughts like: ''technically an unorthodox jew can be a christian'' and ''does the sun hurt white vampires more than black vampire?''
zebra cakes  i want zebra cakes 
we're standing on the edge of tomorrow!!!  laugh 
:')
the best part of falling asleep with you is knowing you'll be the first person i see when i wake up   love 
"just had an enema  annoyed ---btw facebook, i'm back  smile "
"for those who wished me a happy birthday, thanks and you too!"
