4cf5bb1cb3b15f801efbf6a33514301d
is feelin better!
regreting decisions  sad 
"rip <propfirst> <propmale>, and my heart goes out to his family, friends and his fans around the world  sad "
watching  m j videos ! still mourning  sad 
havin fun in new york!!!
im sooo confused!!
going to miss everyone at mount
bored!!!
in atlanta
has sooo much stuff to do!!!
colleges are drivin me crazy!!!
exams!!!
i miss every1
getting ready 4 skool
is on vacation!!
has graduated from barbizon!!!!!!
has officially left phoenix
is thinkin of bein a vegetarian!
is in love!
is in  love 
wishes everyone a <propfemale> christmas!
hates being sick!
i gotta feelin   that tonights gonna be a gud night!!!!!!  laugh 
lil bros soccer game!!!     smh    the last one im gonna see for a long time!
tomorrow   tomorrow
goin to the movies tmoro!  smile 
"pants on the ground, pants on the ground lookin lke a fool with ur pants on the ground    i love this song  laugh "
is feelin bored!
feelin good ! tgif!!!
counting down the days to college!
is feelin senioritis!
wants to go shopping!!!!!!!!!!!!
wish i could turn back time
got accepted to <propfemale> state university!!!!!!
cant wait for my bday- 18!!!
"march 31st, countin down the days!!!"
its my bday    finally 18!!!!!!!!!!
is lovin the weather!! reminds me of home
needs a job!!
i hate physics  projects!!!!
14 days until graduation!! cant wait for college!!!!!
"my last day of skool!!! it feels like just yesterday that i walked into grayson high skool completly lost, life is goin too fast!!!!!"
"<propfemale> state, here i come!!!!  smile "
lovin <propfirst> derulo's new song!!!
"barbeque tmoro, cant wait to eat, eat, eat!!!!!  laugh "
"hates those days <propfemale> theres nothin to do around the house, and its about to rain!  sad "
wants to go to jamaica!!!
realy needs to go away for vacation!!!
dont tell me the sky is the limit <propfemale> there are footprints on the <propfemale> 
life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how i react to it 
"finally got my ipod back!!!, almost died witout it!!!"
world cup starts 2day!!  smile  south africa let me down though  sad  hopefully <propfemale> will cheer me up!!!
game 5 tmoro!! go celtics!!!   smile 
celtics!! ! smile 
celtics better beat those lakers 2day !!!!  smile 
bout to watch the game !!!  smile 
"<propfemale> things dont go right,  go left   smile "
"back from navy training, everything hurts!!!  sad "
"needs to get out off the house, help!!!!"
happy fathers day!
bored!  sad 
listening to my fav song!!!
chillin with the cousins!!!  laugh 
im ridin solo!!
at lake lanier all day!!!!!
bbq at my house with the fam!!!!
cant wait for aug 23rd!
world cup final!!!!go netherlands!!!
i need a new phone!!!!!!!!
"im gonna get a new phone, yes!!!!!!!!!!!"
"live, laugh, love!!!!!"
i cant go to sleep!!!!!!
"dance as tho no one is watchin u, luv as though u hav never been hurt b4, sing as tho no one can hear u,  and live as tho heaven is on earth "
finally learned the dance for national dance day!!!!!!
brusters with the crew! lol
"respect the pouch, respect it!- <propfemale> e  longmore"
in order to be irreplacable one must be different 
"just went shopping, finally!!!!!!!!"
"i actually went to church today! and im glad i did, i needed god really badddd!!!"
step up 3 in theatres aug 6th!!!!!!
just got my internet back!!!!  smile 
i wanna see takers!!!!
takers!! aug 27!!!!  laugh 
time to make some important decisions 
"wanted to dye my hair a lighter shade of brown, but it came out black????!!"
today is mine  it is unique  nobody else in the world has a today exactly like mine  today contains the sum of all my past e playful eriences and all of my future potential  today will become what i chose to make it  i can choose to fill today with joyful moments  or i can choose to saturate today with anxious and worrisome thoughts    it is a choice  for today is mine 
most people who are full of actions are empty of thought 
i got a headache!!!
 laugh 
"i wish, then, that i knew wat i know now <propfemale> i was younger    "
weirdest dream!
"one day you're gonna ask me whose life is more important? yours or mine, i will say mine and you'll walk away never knowing you are my life "
tell me who can i trust when i cant trust in you 
theres not gonna be a change in your life util theres  change in your mind   laugh 
"had <propfemale> much fun today,shopping and the movies, its been a while, lol "
"live as if you were to die tmoro, and learn as if you were to live forever "
labor day! but i hav nothin to do  sad 
bout to go out!  laugh 
"lol, walking down the street and a bunch of pple in a car shout, <propfemale>! i dont know who they were!"
"tired as hell, but cant go to sleep! why?"
feelin gud!!!!  laugh 
motivated  laugh 
"my condolences go out to all those that were affected 9 years ago by 9 11, it was a tragic day and a tragic end for many pple, but they will always be in our prayers "
i need something to do this weekend???!!!
i hate it <propfemale> only one headphone stops workin!!
i could really use a wish right now   
watchin movies!!!  laugh 
"i do it because i can, i can beacause i want to, i want to because you said i couldnt "
3 months to go!!!
"<propfemale> things go wrong as they always will, <propfemale> the road youre trudging seems all uphill, <propfemale> the funds are low and the debts are high and u want to smile but u hav to sigh, <propfemale> care is pressing u down a bit, rest if u must , but dont u quit "
"you cant let go of the past, ur mistakes, and ur failures if ur anchored in fear "
"all in all i learnt a lesson from it though, u never see it coming u just get to see it go- drake"
"havin a really good time im not complainin and imma still wear a smile if its rainin, i gotta enjoy myself  regardless i appreciate life im so glad that its mine   "
a mind that is made up can never be defeated !
to the gym!!  laugh 
"success is failure turned inside out, the silver tint of the clouds of doubt, and u never can tell how close you are, it may be near <propfemale> it seems so far, so stick to the fight <propfemale> ur hardest hit, its <propfemale> things seem worst that u must not quit   laugh "
goin out 2day!!!  laugh 
"man, i luv the taste of  o' charley's bread!!!!  laugh "
 laugh 
"got my dreams, got my life, got my love, got my friends, got the sunshine above, why am i makin this hard on myself, <propfemale> theres so many beautiful reasons i hav to be happy    laugh "
damn i just heard that every 11 seconds a child drops out of skool!!!!  sad  thats sad   
"peace, happiness, and love -drake"
just fine  love 
"u see right through me, omg!!"
"love your enemies, bless those who curse you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who spitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be sons of your father in heaven - <propfirst> 5:44-45"
movie night!!!  laugh 
93 days to go!!
feelin great  smile     92 days to go!
91 days to go!!
i like it on the dresser 
nice nap  smile 
why is this week goin sooo slow   ? smh  
dep meeting tmoro!!!  laugh 
volunteer work  laugh 
well    u live and u learn!!  laugh 
oh  i drank too much water too fast   smh
great workout  laugh 
smh   
bored!!
    want u to make me feel like im the only gurl in the world    !!!  laugh 
chinese food!!!  laugh 
music !!!  laugh 
when they push u down   u gotta get back up!!
pt!!!
i just luv friendship  love 
uummm   21 inches 
cuz if ur not really there     i dont wanna be either   i wanna be next to u  love 
   bout to workout for 2 hrs !!!  laugh 
my body hurts    im soooo sore lol
workin  smile 
volunteer work at my bros skool    luv that kid  laugh   love 
"can someone tell me how 50 cent is no  4 on the top ten rappers list b4 t i, ludacris, and drake    smdh!!!!!"
happy bday to my dad and my sis   they drive me crazy     but i luv them lol! xoxo  love !!!!
cant wait for the weekend      i luv havin plans lol  laugh 
ugh  getin the best sleep of my life    then the fone rings!!!   smh
aaaahhh yes!!! im goin shopping!!! sooo happy  laugh !!
no plans + no money! + food!= movie day!! lol  laugh 
listenin to some gud music right now!!!  laugh 
navy!!!!  love 
mmmm  what to do   what to do????
happy!!  smile  chillin  smile   eatin  laugh      comfortable!!!
long day tmoro    goodnight fb  laugh !!!!
its time to make some changes!!
ahh   i can finally workout again!!!!  laugh 
sleep   
    hurt but never cry   
 laugh !!!
bout to head to the gym!!!! its workout time !!!!!  laugh 
i  love  music!!!!  laugh 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!  laugh 
why does everything hav to be sooo complicated???   damn!
its workout time!!  laugh 
"oh,life   sometimes all i can do is smile   laugh "
omg !! why is there nothin to do!!! i hate boring days!  
last dep meet today!!!!
just put up the christmas tree!! best time of the year !!!  laugh 
i know i shudnt   but i cant live without junk food  smh!!
wait   <propfemale> do we change back our profile pics lol
"workout  study  eat sleep       workout, man   do i luv the navy life lol!!"
false friends are like autumn leaves   u find them everywhere   but true friends are like diamonds   precious and rare  laugh 
i now call the gym    my home lol!
hmmm   wat to do?
final dep meet ever today!!!   time goes sooo fast !!
mmmm    jamaican food  love !!
bros soccer game    luv that kid  love 
why is it <propfemale> cold  ???!!! i thought i moved to the south   where its supposed to be warm  smh lol!!
im sooo sore   workin out is killin me !!
scared of lonely    
waking up early makes the day go by soooooo slow!
this is not the life i chose    but its the one that chose me   
pursuit of happiness  love 
christmas party at my bros school was <propfemale> much fun!!!!   gonna miss those kids !!! love 
what is love???
movie night!!
workout  shower     shopping!!!!= great day!!  laugh 
i missed the lunar eclipse   now i hav to wait 84 yrs   ill be like 102   smh!!
gurls day out tmoro !!!  love !!
havin the funniest conversation ever lol!!!
shopping is my passion!! laugh 
  lets chill  
12 days left    
christmas is almost here!!!!!
done with curly hair!!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas !!!!!  laugh 
"hair did, makeup on, lookin hot!!     headin to dinner!! lol"
so much to do today!! 
omg!!! im <propfemale> bored   i cant concentrate  !!!     just a couple days to go 
5 days    just 5 days!!!
sad songs   ruin my mood  smh
"anxious, nervous and sprung lmao   <propfemale> longmore ur freakin funny!!!!"
the future aint promised to no one  
chores  sad 
watchin home alone!!! i love that movie
"today is the first day of the rest of my life    i've cum so far, and hav waited soooo long for this day  im gonna be gone, but not for tooo long ill be back b4 u know it, this is a decision i had to make for       me  love "
finally back from boot camp!!! promoted to an e-2!!!!!! finally with the family!!!!!!  love 
spending the weekend with the fam!!!  laugh 
happy bday mom!!! i luv u!
"i came to win, to fly, to conquer, to thrive     i came to win, to survive, to prosper, to rise    to fly     laugh "
im tired af!!!!!
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!!  laugh 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!!  laugh 
