864a689e6ea77ea646900799aca555aa
someone remind me to upload a photo or two
ok already it's been a few days now let me add friends again facebook!!!
got to watch the last 15 mins of the superbowl for the first time in 3 years  yay for not being on call for a bunch of nubs who dont realize the superbowl is on!
the freaks truly do come out at night  you can find them all at walmart 
so the earthquake in chile shook the planet enough to shorten the day by 1 26 millionths of a second  don't forget to update your clocks everybody 
<propfemale> in wonderland gets an a+  even better i saw a preview for tron! can't wait!!!
"don't you hate it when you have a booger that wo'nt budge no matter how hard you blow, pick, poke, dig, pry, or otherwise try to <propfirst> it out?"
there is nothing more satisfying than figuring out that song thats been stuck in your head that you couldn't remember the name of or any of the words to or even for sure who <propfirst> it    it was stp interstate love song btw for anyone who cares 
felt like summer the past few days and now it's snowing  who keeps messing with the weather machine?
come on down to the whacky waving inflatable arm flailing tubeman imporium and warehouse!
going on a picnic at the garden of the gods  hope i don't get crushed by a giant precariously balanced boulder 
it's cold and there are wolves outside  sad 
so <propfemale> picked up th new twilight movie  she said she had to be sneaky cuz she didn't want anyone to think she was 16 with 2 kids getting the movie at walmart 
excuses are just bricks in the house of failure 
tommyknockers tommyknockers knocking at your door
happy b-day too everyone whos b-day is today    and tomorrow    and tuesday  too many to tell individually 
how to train your dragon  a must see for those with kids and even some of those without *cough*christy*cough*
just finished coloring eggs with the kids  good times were had by all 
mmmmm cheetos
teaching a 3 point turn to a 5 yr old = not easy
botox - the gateway drug of plastic surgery 
yay for marble sized hail    and it sounds like it's getting bigger 
anyone else having issues with comments not sticking on fb?
krispy kreme consider yourselves put on notice  <propfemale> found your recipie on the interwebs!
"100's of channels and i'm watching \twins\""    again     """
so my 6 year old daughter is already so embarassed by her family that she didn't want any of us to go on her field trip to the zoo yesterday  gonna be a looooong 18 years 
my daughter the animal lover is leaving food in the garage for the mouse we saw yesterday 
"\wheres mama?\""\",864a689e6ea77ea646900799aca555aa,i know today is the 4th but nothing i see today can possibly come close to the fireworks show i saw after the rockies game in <propmale> on friday  best fireworks display ever!
thanks all for the bday wishes!
dodedodedo
