25ec28a26e5088c728279f6fcbc4a71d
"loves how nobody could sleep last night, seriously everybody's status that i see is \ugh insomniac\"" or \""fuckkk can't sleep \"""""
"has such an awesome schedule for next year, don't have to go in until 6th period for half the year and not until 5th the other half  laugh "
likes calling christian hotlines to listen to the brainwashed creatures on the other end preaching their hypocritical bullshit 
"doesn't understand how nys e playful ects anybody to pass the math b regents, complete bullshit "
translated some alcest lyrics this morning  
"doesn't get the big deal about <propfirst> <propmale>  people die, and really he was pretty fucked up if you look at it  we're all gonna die "
loves the new drudkh album   as if any of you know who they are  
to most of the class of 2009 - goodbye and good riddance  just kidding  kind of 
is going to have a pretty awesome day 
is addicted to windir 
is spending the day in nyc with a couple of other characters 
"stop saying fucking r i p  people, it's absurd  nobody is going to enjoy an afterlife like you think  we're just going to sit there and rot  i guess that's a type of peace if you want to think of it that way "
"wonders how anybody could put their complete faith in the disgustingly glorified collection of <propfemale> tales that is the bible  honestly, how in the world can you believe these things?"
is at <propfemale>'s today!
is hungry 
is going to summer slaughter in montreal (don't ask why) 
"is leaving for the adirondacks for 10 days, fuck "
"is at a concert in montreal but misses everybody back home very much  well not really everybody, haha "
"met ensiferum, fuck yeah! now it would be nice to go home, though "
thinks that people should stop spending so much time taking quizzes or at least not post them to their walls 
is back from the adirondacks and enjoying some agalloch 
is enjoying some alcest before going to sleep 
"wishes he could stab his computer and put an end to its misery, fuck this "
has completely messed up his internal clock and is going to be screwed when school starts again 
is leaving for ngw today and will be there for two weeks 
has played guitar for about 9 hours today 
is unbelievably exhausted 
is thinking about playing black <propfemale> for his music school auditions 
is drinking grape drank and must say that it's absolutely fantastic 
is wondering why pro tools 7 is so much more ghetto than pro tools 8 
is warming up for the shred off   way too early  fuckkk
won 2nd out of 23 ridiculous guitarists in the hardest shred competition i've ever been in 
no need to update your statuses every 2 minutes people
just tye dyed and now has stained hands 
"just ordered a limited edition schecter hellraiser v-7, hell yeah! i got one of only 50!"
"is learning <propmale> of machines by <propmale> loomis  it is the hardest piece for the guitar i have ever attempted, hands down "
got his schecter 7 string hellraiser v and is fucking ripping it up 
is back in tuxedo and having network problems as usual 
isn't too worried about starting school on wednesday   being in school for less than three hours sounds pretty damn good to me 
is amazed how little his six strings feel after playing the new seven string for a week straight 
still hasn't left for school   this year is going to be interesting 
"storms are raging on the path to home, once so silent and calm   the desperate glare of the dark light is cast on the fallen one "
is getting a vht sig confidential !!! fuck yeah!!!!!!!!!
"missed out on the best offer ever, not getting the vht after all  annoyed "
"got a vht after all, fuck yeah  laugh "
loves how there are never any strings around when he needs them   damn!
is listening to the greatest album of all time   any guesses?
needs a bit of rest 
a bit over halfway through winter madness solo at full speed   fucking hard  laugh 
is at the very end of the winter madness solo and will then need at least a week of legit practicing to get it down cold  so fucking difficult 
"did not get anything remotely close to a \good night's sleep\"" last night  fuck """
got his vht!!! woooooo!! so fucking awesome \\m  \\m 
is heading to bed 
"is in nyc for the evening, ugh "
"still has that one last line of the winter madness solo to learn, but has the rest up to speed  x) x) x)"
is back in tuxedo after a rather epic weekend  not feeling well 
"\admiration for a quality or an <propmale> can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it \"""""
is one truly melancholy if they enjoy it?
enjoys wintersun   anybody ever hear of them?
"is ripping on the schecter through his vht, loud as fuck \\m "
is wondering why he always looks at the clock at 12:19 (birthday is december 19th)  a bit eerie  
pointless blown out of proportion argument is pointless and blown out of proportion 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=bbpabptc6aq
who has the best burger near tuxedo? need recommendations 
is off to the bronx zoo for today  
had no idea how much a cab can affect one's tone   my vht sounded so fucking good through a vintage ported <propfirst> 4x12 
is dazed and confused  
is so fucking hungry 
is working on economics work and drinking coffee  
"wants to know how any christian, muslim, or jew can believe that the first woman was pulled from the rib of a man  also wants to point out that apples didn't exist until 300 bc - there was no apple for \adam\"" to eat """
doesn't understand how people of the human race are able to play liszt   did the man have 10 hands?
thinks the act was very easy for a standardized test  hopefully not one of the deceiving ones 
socialinterview things are so fucking annoying and space consuming  why can't they be posted in one big post that doesn't show up in the feed?
is feeling extremely uninspired today  must be the weather 
yes!!!!!!!! more darkness!!!!!
"let's face it, you morons  facebook will not make a dislike button, they will not switch back to the old facebook, and they're not going to make us pay  idiots "
"hates \talk to me\"" statuses  people will talk to you if they feel like it """
"is really pissed about the pirate bay, it was such a good site (i buy a lot of my music so don't chastise me, fuckers) "
"school, then nyc, then heathenfest, then <propfirst>'s for the weekend to make teh br00talz  \\m "
"is overly nostalgic, hence a bit melancholic  one does not truly <propfemale> something until it has long passed  "
"listen up, people  if facebook were to add a dislike button, don't you think it would just show up like every other new feature they add? idiots -_-"
"forgot how much he loves wolves in the throne room (yeah, awful name, i know)  what a phenomenal band "
"berklee audition is december 19th at 2:15  yes, my 18th birthday    awesome "
"is on a serious roll writing ideas for lunaria, the ideas just keep flowing "
is off to princeton for the day 
"is on another lunaria writing roll, this is feeling good  "
is glad that at least the end of his evening was productive  goodnight universe 
is once again writing profuse amounts of music (well not really but compared to what i've done the past year this is monumental) 
is fucking exhausted  fuck 
not to sound self righteous or anything but my first complete song for lunaria sounds fucking epic 
is not feeling social  am i ever?
hates that every gathering of people at his house turns into an impromptu performance gone horribly wrong  fucking awkward beyond belief 
reading egil's saga until sleep takes me 
happy december everybody  laugh 
already has a band and a solo project but is thinking of starting another solo project similar to alcest  ideas?
"cacophonus thunder from two places   the heavens, and my fryette which just came back from cali  laugh "
my audition piece is hard as fuck! playing the hell out of it  
"fuck you <propfirst> cashman, matsui deserves better than that "
is having a hard time dealing with the fact of turning 18 in two days  
"is playing his audition song in kaplan's room, 6th period  come and listen if you want "
"thank you to everybody who wished me a happy birthday  i appreciate it very much  my audition went pretty well, although some parts surprised me quite a bit   good night!"
is sick of immature assumptions  i tend to e playful ect that from uneducated and unintelligent people rather than those who are otherwise smart 
"cannot wait to eat dinner, pretty famished already "
"heading to the far north, to the land where heathens roam "
tulimyrsky 
"anyone have a small diaphragm (or large, for all i care) condenser they can lend me for the weekend?"
why is <propfirst> white in new york? -_____-
wintersun is better than your favorite musician  sorry 
ahti kortelainen makes some of the best sounding records i've ever heard   just thought i'd mention it 
mors principium est is fucking amazing 
fuck military-industrial complex 
anybody want to join me at alto music today?
is looking forward to this week!
stop fucking raining in january 
is going to bed at last 
volunteering until 5 
just got back from the city with talor and <propfirst>  good day!!
finally some snow!  smile 
should (hopefully) be finding out about berklee in 45 minutes or so  wish me luck!
got into berklee!
out to dinner 
is going to windham today 
is going to vermont this weekend with <propmale> 
leaving vermont soon  annoyed 
had an epic weekend skiing in vt and will now be taken by sleep  goodnight 
percées de lumière 
ummmmmm pretty much im <propfemale> hiiiiiii
let's go socialism!!!
going to princeton for the rest of the day 
people need to stop fucking posting pictures of them and their partners with the impression that we care  let me make it clear: most of us could not care less  it's fucking irritating 
hey look at me!
i'm updating my status every 10 seconds!
"cool, right?"
do i get extra points?
please give me attention i need it i'm important let me fucking fan over 9000 pages and make it public like everything else i do
"my importance is going out to dinner now!!!!! recognize me, fellow humans! figured i should blab it out to everybody!"
omg i have to become a fan of more pages it's so fucking necessary fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"if <propmale> noonan were a woman, we would make the ultimate cynical couple "
the man who crashed the plane in <propfirst> was an intelligent man  it's a shame he took his life and others when he could have put his smarts to good use rather than throw them away in an act that few others can understand 
"loves that the biggest moneymaker in the history of the earth (no need to ask who) has given no significant donation to the relief effort in the country which it is responsible for overpopulating, haiti  they can pay over $1 3 billion in amends for their own sexual abuse suits, but not this  nice "
should not have read 400 pages today  brain = fried 
"there's now a brown out here, the internet still works somehow   bah, the downside of snowstorms "
we have up to four feet of snow in some places! wtf!!!!!!!!
anybody from tuxedo park here that has power?
"still no heat or hot water and extremely limited electricity  fuck orange & rockland, i haven't seen one fucking truck this whole time "
notifications are going away on monday   bullshit! i absolutely loathe these attention starved fan pages groups applications that try to trick users into becoming a fan or bookmarking their worthless pages 
<propfemale> announced recently that time should be ready to mix by summer  there is light at the end of the tunnel  
breakdowns suck  join it 
just tried sight reading three pages of a liszt transcribed bach prelude to elevate his mood  predictably counterproductive 
cannot stop listening to disraeli gears and wheels of fire  i feel like i'm back in 6th or 7th grade  such perfect albums 
nonconformity  love 
alcest's new album is simply fantastic 
sur l'autre rive je t'attendrai 
about to board the plane to colorado  yes!!!!!
"just woke up, back from colorado (which was phenomenal!!!!!)  huuuuge bloody nose "
"lol @ theists  you're all wrong, fyi "
"\religion is the retarded cousin of philosophy \"""""
walk to school tomorrow: y n?
in princeton all day for <propfemale>'s voice recital 
plans to spend the rainy day reading candide and nietzsche  overall not sounding too awful for spring break 
voltaire  love 
"ireland's pathetic \anti-blasphemy\"" law: one of the most pristine examples of how politics are gradually making less and less sense  who needs a sense of individuality?!"""
just got his alcest - écailles de lune lp and poster in the mail  all i can say is wow   very beautiful 
"happy fucking éostre  no, i didn't spell it wrong  \easter\"" is yet another holiday the christfags stole from the pagans  what a surprise!"""
i like president obama but man    his opening day pitch for the nationals was terrible!
<propmale> o'reilly is on the yes network claiming he's both conservative and liberal   what?
<propmale> vasquez   you are terrible 
is listening to <propmale> howe's introspection and totally blown away  his chops back then were like 5x better than they are now!
just took me fifteen minutes to learn the first 5 seconds of <propmale> howe's jump start by ear  fml 
"according to my laptop, my battery has a 65,337 mah capacity now, as opposed to an original capacity of 5,600 mah  something wrong here?"
fundamentalists suck 
"just wrote nj transit a fiery letter regarding their obscene fare hikes  it will, of course, have no impact, but it was worth a try "
seeing amon amarth and eluveitie tonight  pretty excited 
finally getting my cab on thursday!
can anybody recommend me any really good blues pianists?
get the fuck out of my room moth
"first two games of yankees sox series: nyy:24, brs: 6  ouch "
anybody care to make conversation on msn or aim?
fucking hates guitar cables  anybody know of a brand whose cables won't crap out within a year of buying them?
"gtfo, allergies  you're not supposed to affect me "
"my religious beliefs summed up in one sentence; if there were a god, why would he take dio from us?!?!?!?!"
"heart rate is racing, chills, fever, fucked up sinuses (allergies, i'm guessing)    what's wrong with me, facebook?"
walk off! yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what is wrong with the yankees' relief?
berklee nyc event tonight  should be    interesting?  annoyed 
loves skid row  18 and life ftfw 
"can't stand the heartache, so bleeds the red red <propfemale>  time heals a broken heart, but that's just the way it goes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
god is dead  god remains dead  and we have killed him 
ow getting randomly shocked by guitar is the worst thing ever 
anybody have a tube screamer they'll sell me for a good price?
"nobody like this status, and i won't say anything to you  one of you like it, and i still won't say anything  deal?"
"fuck you tampa bay, want to do a favor and be as bad as you used to be?"
has a kind of stupid but reasonable point floating around in my head; what's with the craze about bass bass bass when it comes to headphones and speakers? companies should be working on taming the shitty high end of their products before they compensate with a million dbs of bass   annoyed 
fellow tuxedo seniors: when is the government final?
"new iphone looks ridiculous; when was the last time you saw a phone record 720p hd video, or let you video chat using it? apple never disappoints "
"last day of senior year! high school's been a blast! well, on second though, nah not really in the slightest "
"oh my god oh my god oh my god the prs came, yesyesyesyesyesyesyes going to pick up right now"
"listening to norsk folkemusikk, eating a blueberry muffin, and reading my new book  life is good, indeed "
$71 from a free coinstar? i think yes 
"has $20 left to spend on itunes, give me some albums people "
believes that which should be viewed as obvious should remain unstated rather than blathered in everybody else's face 
final piano recital ever at 3 surprise 0  so happy to finally get it over with 
fret hand thumb blisters are the worst thing ever  fuck 
"sorting through piles of magazines, books, and other stuff in my room  not the most interesting day  "
"so excited for <propfemale>  leaving tomorrow at 11 smile 0 from nyc, jihaaaaaaa!!!!"
on the bus! internet's surprisingly quick 
on the bus back from dc! had a fucking awesome week!
new moonsorrow announced today!
already lost the v-pick i bought a week ago for $3 50   sad 
"the irrationality of a thing is no argument against its existence, rather a condition of it "
wishes caffeine still affected him   annoyed 
"the yankees should try to snag a top class starter in a trade while pettitte is out, and when he returns they could move vasquez to the pen for \long relief  \"""""
"relax, lie down to read nietzsche, start to open book, notice beetle on arm    not fucking cool"
here goes the thunder   
"ideas for dinner, nao"
believes that inception is one of the greatest movies of all time 
what variety of chinese food shall i order this evening?
"would like august 29th to come just a litttttttle faster, please "
"is engaged in the new svartsot album, but still can't help cringing at the out of tune instruments "
is finally going to finish learning jump start by <propmale> howe 
"just made restaurant-quality or better thai green curry, it was absurdly good!!!!!"
just ate so many pancakes it's hard to stand up straight 
berklee berklee berklee berklee berklee please come fasterrrrrr
is considering buying a kindle  anybody with feedback to give me?
"wait a minute, it's august?"
"a j  burnett needs to go  no, not just out of this game "
19 days
"next 11 days, please pass quickly "
is back in tuxedo and leaving for berklee on saturday 
"\it was subtle of god to learn greek when he wished to become an author -- and not to learn it better \"""""
it's been long enough; rereading the lord of the rings 
"so cold in the night, where the river flows, where the river flows   "
is going to his favourite restaurant tonight  fick <propfemale> 
"bought some lucretius earlier, and had a very enjoyable dinner "
berklee 
just made a bottle of habanero sauce with the homegrown peppers  i dare you to try it 
"is off to boston, at last!"
at berklee! really fucking excited!!!
"just got the new laptop! unfortunately, berklee's wireless network seems to be significantly challenged "
"shut up, jackhammer outside the dorm "
had an epic night  audition at 10 am  fuck it 
"long awaited shower, very nice to meet you "
loving the cartoon on the trader <propfirst>'s receipt lolol
"good night, world "
forgot what 8 hours of sleep feels like   going to need some adjustment 
what the fuck nevermore tickets are $69????
is heading to the highly fabled gathering of <propfemale> and <propfemale>  lolz
so proud i got <propmale> back safely  very enjoyable night!  smile 
"nevermore tix changed to $30, now most likely going!!!!!!"
"'cause i never looked behind, i never tried to find something that would make me one, something that i could reach the sun "
writing some cheesy viking music  should be fun 
had to resist the powerful urge to swim in the <propfirst> river  
first college class in 10 hours   laugh 
going to write a lament about the construction at st  <propfemale>'s  wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!
ear training 3    somebody kill me -______-
lol <propfirst> portnoy
just opened the ear training 3 workbook for the first time   no words  surprise 
who's behind the door? who's behind the door? the reptile in meeeeeeeee
ham and smoked gouda panini for lunch every day for two semesters? i think yes 
official lady gaga tribute band name has been formulated- we shall be gagadeth 
ate ~1 lb  of beef today  help 
in flames - subterranean is such a good album  love 
working on some blackened viking type stuff  lots o' fun \\m 
"d'où je viens, <propfemale> temps n'existe pas  alcest  love "
i'm addicted    to addicted by <propfirst> townsend  laugh 
"<propfirst> a simmons nout, <propfirst> martinez, sup???  laugh "
"dictation, die!"
2 bigass slices of sausage pizza @ 10 smile 0 = horrible idea 
"weekend, hello!!! nice to meet you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
arntor + transcendentalism = yes 
wired   laugh 
just practiced for about four hours and is strangely unfazed by et3 tomorrow   ended up being a good day!!
above the weeping world is a masterpiece      
waking up every day to see the morning light shining directly on my blue prs makes me feel like i just saw a successful motivational speaker   laugh 
"oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck, new agalloch album is complete  surprise "
finally finished the main solo of jump start  i can see the finishing line from here   almost   joyful 
life  love   laugh 
<propmale> shore is a god in human form   smile 
"just slept for >8 hours for the first time in over a month!!! feels good, man "
wow   in a genuinely idiotic memory lapse i managed to buy the same book two times in the berklee bookstore -_- anybody want <propfirst> leavitt's guitar chord lab? $5 off if you buy it from me lolol
"dying of hunger in <propfemale>  but, the weekend starts in 45 minutes  laugh "
"listening to v:hävitetty for the third time today and e playful eriencing a wave of awful ~10th 11th grade memories  ah, music and the regretful effects it can occasionally bring us "
why did i just turn into jelly?
"nothing surprises me anymore, lol @ human intuition "
"no matter how much new, intriguing music i come across, old in flames will always have a special niche in my heart "
death to picardy thirds 
"\admiration for a quality or an <propmale> can be so strong that it deters one from striving to possess it \"""""
just spilled my whole bag of sun chips on the floor! go me!!
hummus is my friend!!!!!!!
"aced his first et3 dictation test! in other news, herro weekend "
time is the death and the healing 
likferd  love   love   love   love   love 
almost fainted when he came across the <propfemale> <propfemale> in shaw's  mood = substantially elevated 
why does a 5 guys open in manhattan on 34th street when i'm not there to eat it?????? ffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
<propfirst> <propmale> mortum epstrome one of you left your shoes here  surprise 
"got a bigass bean bag chair, tons of food, and other stuff today! going later to see my private instructor's concert, should be fun  laugh "
lantlôs  love 
"fuck, it's 1 surprise 0 "
"dear berklee, thank you for responding for my request yesterday for a 4 smile 0 ensemble room today!"
"first class at 2 surprise 0, second and last at 6 surprise 0  i like berklee "
realized his et3 dictation midterm is the day of <propfirst> townsend  that is a seriously epic reward for writing down notes on a <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
"amp juice: good concept, tastes awful "
can anybody tell me why logic resets the panning and levels of my midi tracks every time i hit the spacebar? it's fucking pissing me off!!
nevermore today  that is all 
"met and <propmale> with <propmale> loomis for a good 15 minutes tonight, as well as the rest of nevermore, blackguard, just   wow "
"to the cocky yankees fans who thought <propmale> <propfirst> would be easy to beat, i have one word for you: derp "
"is playing so much guitar lately  feels good, man "
"why did i think it was safe to eat the caf tacos at lunch???  annoyed  in brighter news, practiced for 6 hours today!"
why did my chest just crack when i sneezed? ouch  annoyed 
lol 4loko nights =  surprise  hello everybody 
can't believe i'm seeing hevy devy on friday!  laugh 
"disraeli gears, that is all "
"oh man, beer has obviously been consumed in this piano room  from the looks of things it may well have been spilt, too   lol"
huge thanks to <propfirst> steele for the <propmale> howe introspection backing tracks  i honestly will play along to these for decades to come haha so killer  
"if i can make it through today, i can make it through anything  plus, <propfirst> townsend is getting awfully close  "
lol <propfirst> martinez has some of the most hilariously awkward and uncomfortable sleeping positions i have ever seen  this is win 
gonna blow off some steam after english (if i make it through  ) and start mozart's 14th piano sonata   should be a good way to end midterm week 
<propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> less than 24 hours  smile 
"guess what's tonight? <propfirst> townsend, that's what!!!!!!!!!!! next five hours, please pass quicker!!!!"
"i am dearly sorry for clogging the news feed, but a super thank you to <propfemale> marchand for the huge tin of halloween cookies i just got in the mail  winwinwinwinwinwinwin  laugh "
<propfirst> townsend was bloody incredible and party afterwards = godly  good night lol 
is confronted with a very conflicting decision   watch hendrix documentary or nap??  annoyed 
"formless, <propfirst> tarulli and nili brosh were fucking incredible! so much good music, so little time "
the question of the day is   will proposition 19 pass???  surprise 
rip prop 19 
"why do bloody noses consistently strike me in the most inopportune predicaments, like whilst showering 15 minutes before class? i beg for an answer! -_-"
cannot finish an entire cafe 939 chicken caesar salad   can you???
now has to comp improv play the <propfemale> on <propfemale> by starlight for a grade in the worst class at berklee hands-down   cannot wait!!
">pledge to self that work will be completed\>start playing pokemon <propfemale> on vba\>pledge dies an abrupt death"
"just smashed the horn of my prs into my eye, waiting for the swelling to start -_- in other news, spotted myself and other berklee people in a lot of photos from <propfirst> townsend  laugh "
"it's 10 surprise 0, i haven't finished my et3 project and haven't even started dictation  it's gonna be a fucking long night  "
waking up at 2:20 is the worst of all tragedies 
best way to spend saturday night = notating a 32 bar jazz solo  not 
"amesoeurs - if you don't know them, you should  perfect fall winter music "
est sur l'océan couleur de fer 
"<propmale> heads to guitar lab, <propmale> turns up wintersun super loud and showers with the bathroom door open  joyful "
too much jazz for one night   way too much 
played for 7 hours today   time to start writing skills  annoyed 
is so wired  what the fuck does pavement do to their iced coffee???????
"<propmale>'s gone, everyone knows what that means    <propmale> howe x1,000,000  laugh "
just got my new westone in-ear monitors! i don't remember wintersun sounding this good before 
"to the fuckface who just cleared the entire 150 building, i have two very heartfelt words--- good night!  smile "
"awesome day of relaxing, pokemon, lotr and transcription  partying commences shortly!"
sleep before 2 surprise 0 for the first time in over a month! happy birthday once again to <propfemale> marchand  laugh 
the days are getting shorter  smile 
two hour gap between ear training and classic rock guitarists where i could be practicing and doing work = pokémon pokémon pokémon 
"has had such a productive day   wrote a good deal of music, worked on a transcription, learned a ton about <propmale> dowd, and lots of pokémon  can't wait for tomorrow!!!!"
going to tedeschi in a bit  wat buy????
"is super excited about the \news\"" from wintersun (kind of predictable but it still made me happy) but worried about jari trying to mix it   i have full confidence in his musical abilities but mixing such a beast of an album might be impossible  surprise """
berklee scheduling makes me seriously want hermione's time turner 
"is going to buy some fucking awesome pickups and hot <propmale> his <propmale>! any suggestions for bridge humbuckers (something versatile, not too high in output, and not active)?"
omfg <propmale> weiner's prs 7 string is the hottest thing i have ever seen in my life  a 7 string 513? i just died from the epicness 
math proficiency test was 10x easier than i e playful ected  i better have passed!
"sorry i just posted a status but i had to say that all hope for guitar world magazine is lost: the black veil brides have an article, while a band with incredible guitar solos (wintersun) has yet to be featured in six years of existence  what is wrong with the world?"
second movement of tchaikovsky's 4th makes me melt every time  listen nao 
pro tools 9 doesn't require a proprietary interface what what what what what?????????????????
is listening to <propmale> curcio play acoustic guitar and sing a lovely song about   the berklee blast  lol
my bed looks awfully fuzzy and warm   smile 
"has decided that it's not a good thing when the most appealing, consistent food in the caf is the ice cream  this can't be good for my health "
"is e playful ecting the math proficiency exam results today or tomorrow, which will determine whether i am a happy or a sad panda "
"couldn't wait to get out of tuxedo back in august, but is now reallllly glad to be going back for a little while  also just had the most disjointed nightmare in history!!"
music  love 
"hp was so good, and i passed the math proficiency test, w0000t!!!!!!!!!! now, to skip class tomorrow and get back to ny at last!"
"today is one of the most beautiful days i have e playful erienced in boston  so bright, clear, and the perfect temperature  and i'm leaving in four hours!!"
"everybody, have an enjoyable thanksgiving and eat until you want to die!"
had an awesome thanksgiving (so far) but is getting pissed about being screwed out of all the classes i wanted 
"forgot how much he loved his strat, <propmale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> and <propmale>  wish i could have all my instruments in boston t_t"
looks like i might get my preferred schedule after all  i iz happy panda  smile 
stupid internal clock needs a new battery 
"heading back to berklee  sad to leave ny but pumped to finish the semester, and i'll be back in a few weeks   smile "
any berklee people have ensembles to recommend? i register tomorrow and have no idea which to join  halp 
"please put this on your status if you know someone, or are related to someone, who suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is real, and should be taken seriously you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is still no known cure for stupidity   and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness   93% won't copy and paste this because they don't know how to copy and paste "
"watching inception, forgot how good this was   laugh "
just wrote his first 2-5-1 into a jazz song for writing skills  any of you are now granted permission to kill me 
rip caffe dolcé  crying 
so many pokémon!!!!! i like it  december is the shit 
"just wrote a 16 measure tune in 30 minutes, awww yeah "
only the lonely (and maybe <propfirst> <propmale>) know the canadian freeway 
is feeling introspective 
"good morning afternoon thing, boston  really hope it snows sometime soon "
needs to know where he can get some nutella!!!!!!!!!! tedeschi!?!? walgreens?!
"awesome facebook, just keep changing shit! we all appreciate it a lot!"
the saddest moment of my day is when i stare ruefully into my empty spicy chicken bowl  brutal 
"dunkin donuts coffee is one of the most caustic, vile substances known to man  why do i put myself through this? lol"
"falconer  started their new record today! also, birthday in 12 days? where did my 18th year go??  annoyed "
"i correct my statement from yesterday: green mountain coffee is one of the most caustic, vile substances known to man  bahaha"
lolz at all these <propfirst>  when did facebook turn into formspring? too sheepish to give compliments or aspersions openly?
survived <propmale> harrigan's guitar torture lab  smile  did i say torture? i meant performance 
"doesn't want to even think about getting out of bed, let alone start the pile of papers and projects that has accumulated "
it is by doing whatever that one becomes whomever 
"come clarity just came on after listening to colony and all i can say is   in flames, i am disappoint "
"the fact remains thus: caffeine helps compel one towards the completion of necessary work  thank you, giant 24 oz tedeschi coffee, you have served me well "
"free caf party was pretty epic, definitely the most excited i've been to eat caf food since the first day of college, lol "
just guessed the exact price of a guitar minus one dollar  i am such a gear nerd 
destroyed the proficiency material but didn't play particularly well on my prepared piece   wondering what this means for my grade 
had an awesome night  smile  sad to leave boston in a couple hours but really happy to get home as well! should be a good break!
time to read a 13 <propfemale> article and write a paper on it by midnight  am i ready? you fucking bet i am 
wants to stay 18 just a little longer  hopefully 19 will equal or surpass this past year's awesomeness 
"to all of my awesome friends and family who have wished me happy birthday, i thank you dearly  i love you all "
off to nyc to chill with <propfirst> burgess    laugh 
homemade pita + amazing hummus = best snack in existence 
"swedish words of the day: strömförsörjningskabeln, gränssnittskablarna, användarhandboken "
"æbelskiver with nutella, strawberry jam, and cheddar + snow = happy <propmale> "
"26 inches of fresh snow makes for beautiful photos, and gruesome shoveling "
will be in the far north until the fourth   any form of communication (texts or calls) would be appreciated to the utmost 
"is heading home tomorrow at last! then, to figure out what to do for the rest of break  "
back in tuxedo? check  first semester complete with high gpa? check  23 credits obtained  what??
amp shopping   laugh 
had an awesome day skiing at <propmale> and then overloaded on brats for dinner  life is goood   laugh 
iphone is coming to verizon  laugh 
"jari mäenpää wintersun btw, finished all the \synchestrations\""   wink \",25ec28a26e5088c728279f6fcbc4a71d,who wants to go to metalfest 2011 in germany this summer? anybody?? the lineup looks incredible so far!
ear fatigue from mixing too long is the most disappointing phenomenon we cannot prevent   lol
rip valfar   love 
"stop sending me application emails berklee, i fucking attend the college already!!!!!!!!!!! >_>"
the shower is a great place for writing folk metal melodies!  wink 
"leaving tuxedo park soon, back to boston! break has been good but i'm ready to get back too  laugh "
"back in boston, long day   people should get at me before i fall asleep lol"
 smile 
"hello, peavey 6505+ combo, welcome to my arsenal!  laugh "
are you e playful erienced?
"facebook + safari = me not being able to like anything right now, lol "
i want time to come out please
rubber soulive is ridiculous  listen to it my friends!
i cannot wait for the new moonsorrow album to come out  i think it will be delicious to the ears    laugh 
"breakfast lunch dinner (whatever the meal i just ate can be considered): buffalo chicken wrap, black bean burger with guacamole, bowl of chili and chips, and a waffle with scoops of chocolate chip cookie dough, cotton <propfemale>, vanilla, and black <propfemale>  ujelly?"
"my top 3 weekly last fm artists: soulive (30), ensiferum (24) & guthrie govan (20) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
mp&e app is nearly completed   laugh 
having a great start to my tuesday! this semester is amazing  laugh 
"any berklee metalheads out there, divert your attention to this post: i will be playing with aversed on the ensiferum finntroll tour on february 27  if you would like to go, buy a ticket from me!"
"slept for 11 hours, shit  feelsgoodman though lol "
"my top 3 weekly last fm artists: ensiferum (34), soulive (31) & aversed (11) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
<propmale> <propmale> is the shit 
"thank you, st  <propfemale>'s jackhammers, for ending one more night of good sleep  i've needed it!"
<propfirst> coltrane is the shit 
has over 40 minutes of pretty solid epic metal (not really sure of the subgenre) written   an album will be started when a few more songs are completed!
"should be writing a three <propfemale> aesthetics paper that's due friday   instead, writing recording some orchestrated metal ideas  fuck it  \\m "
"somehow in my aesthetics paper, i managed to write \this is a restaurant\"" instead of \""this is a question \"" i think that says enough """
"forgot how good it feels to sleep for 14 hours, because that was the first time i've ever slept for 14 hours "
"so, the winter could end any day now, how about that   sure seems like an appealing thought right now "
"boloco satisfies late night hunger very, very, very adequately  laugh "
every single paper i have written in college thus far has received a b+ (but somehow i got an a for last semester  annoyed )  i want a change!!!!!!
"my top 3 weekly last fm artists: soulive (22), <propmale> vai (11) & steel panther (11) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
loves wednesdays 
"my top 3 weekly last fm artists: soulive (7), circus maximus (5) & <propmale> timmons (4) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
is done with his arranging midterm project at least!!! fuck yeah! now i'm gonna go outside for the first time today 
never thought i'd say this but so far the new bodom is sounding pretty solid   laugh 
thurssdays are not supppppposed to be this crazy  shit 
"alright, it's official  i actually like the new bodom a lot  solid songs, and anything they might lack is made up for by the incredible production quality  not many metal albums come close to this clarity  it's a feast for the ears  smile "
"back in the tri-state, not doing much of anything for spring break and totally cool with it "
going to see <propmale> di meola tonight!
wow di meola 
"my top 3 weekly last fm artists: cloudkicker (16), <propfirst> townsend (12) & <propfirst> halen (3) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
"just got back from a long, enjoyable day  saw many people i haven't seen in a while, had some good food, and feeling good on top of it  let's hope spring break stays interesting  laugh "
just sight read through the entire giant steps solo (220 bars) for a warm up  awful idea d:
"anybody want a 32gb ipod touch or a fender blues <propmale> tube amp? $240 and $300 respectively, both lightly used and in perfect working condition "
"my top 3 weekly last fm artists: infected mushroom (36), <propmale> hedberg (23) & <propfirst> mclaughlin (16) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
anybody going to see agalloch tomorrow at the middle east?
"cannot decide between food, shower, or nap "
"done with classes, friday friday friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"my top 3 weekly last fm artists: soulive (16), franz liszt (12) & in flames (10) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
anybody know of a coinstar or anything similar near berklee?
one advantage of being out late: missing berklee fire alarms (which are inevitably always at night) 
"officially has a boston apartment for sept  1, fuck yeah!!!! <propmale> curcio, get ready  laugh "
"hungry for some nice hot food  recommend me shit, facebook "
metal solo transcription ideas  go 
"my top 3 #lastfm artists: <propmale> hicks (14), ddm (9) & amorphis (7) http annoyed  bit ly eqhjef"
is it just me or do all metal guitarists have an obsession with writing solos that are almost too hard to play?
