93adef45ad66167402d67d11d80ff6fd
happy birthday america   you stay classy 
just got my exam 2 chem results back - i've never been so happy about getting a c on a test!
just got back from mayhem fest  it was awesome!
"so, boooooooooooooooooooooooooooored lol "
"pretty depressed right now, hopefully i'll feel better tommorow ; ) "
"it's gonna be a looooong weekend  i have three huge finals to study for and my dad just got out of surgery, so i'll have to keep an eye on him "
"primus on thursday, hells yeah! lol"
"hello all you boys and girls! i'd like to take you to the inside world; it's quite an irregular place to be, but never fear you're safe with me! well    maybe     "
microeconomics is mind-numbing - -
"youcanhavealollypop,acandybar,ajellybean i'llbuyyouarainbowtohang above your dooooooor "
worst dentist trip  ever  hands down  ouch  lol
"living after midnight,\rockin' to the dawn!\lovin' 'til the morning,\then i'm gone!"
"i say tech tech, you say?"
"\who the fuck wants vanilla ice at their home-coming anyways?\""haha lol what a great night """
hmm    decisions decisions     
just started my nietzsche diet and i guess my lungs are in better shape than i thought they were; i just ran five <propmale> continuously 0_o lol 
"i feel like <propmale> goddamned gump, i'm gonna go run again to feel a little less depressed "
"if you're trying to contact me, please piss off, i need some space right now   "
die liebe höret nimmer auf      1 corinthians 13:8
"imagine there's no heaven  it's easy if you try  no hell below us, above us only sky \imagine all the people, living for today  happy birthday <propfirst> lennon   and <propfirst> lol "
"psycho killer! qu'est-ce que c'est ? fa fa fa fa, fa fa fa, fa fa far better"
"better be with the dead whom we, to gain our peace, have sent to peace, that on the torture of the mind to lie in restless ecstasy   "
"wow   what a crazy week  a k a    fun-filled with stalkers, cougars, and awkward situations "
wow! i just had a 90 minute eargasm  i think i'm gonna start listening to more flamenco music now    laugh 
"fuck yes, 99% on my calculus test "
"it's been a pretty awesome week so far, i hope the trend sticks "
fuck-a you broncos!
you can't reason someone out of a position that they didn't reason themselves into 
"brains for dinner, brains for lunch, brains for breakfast, brains for brunch! brains at every single meal, why can't we have some guts!?"
"phew, we narrowly avoided a fascist theocrat    "
good save oakland
