94b7c907267d52078e9a1e74dbeccab6
playing catch up = sucky-town 
"takin a little napper, then findin somethin to do "
about to get rained on 
hittin the hay
is bored lately    time to mix it up!
get your ass to the cove for karaoke before it starts raining!
needs to get healthitized
is so 3008
i miss the days when i could sleep til noon    
caffeine is sooo heavenly  
going running   honk if you see me 
kinda hot in these rhino's        warrrrmmm
you've been        thunderstruck!!!
"on the bright side, mj was practically embalmed while he was alive, so he will look exactly the same when they lay him to rest "
gettin my friday on 
fml!
is under alot of stress and not feeling 100% because of it           
"rip <propfirst> mays, <propfemale> fawcett, mj, <propmale> mcmahon, [insert name here]   "
umm     hookie anyone???
"sugar-free red bull, you are my vice    "
karaoke---the cove---144th and <propfemale>     you in???
"if a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover, is he lucky?"
"some people walk in the rain, others just get wet   "
wants to take a 50 year vacation 
has a sore throat   is it irony to get a cold in the summer?
has a case of the tuesdays 
"is thinking piano bar tonight   yeah, that sounds good "
and i need you now tonight   i (f'n) need you more than <propfemale>!
my stomach is eating itself   what are some good ideas for lunch?
isn't on a boat 
umm    did that really happen???
one of these days   
made a discovery   you can have too much red bull 
'scuse me while i kiss the sky 
feeling good   recovered faster than i thought   phoenix tonight 
out and about   and you should be too!
has a case of the weekdays 
"on lunch, nom-ing "
life is too important to be taken seriously   
starrrrrrrving!
ummm     i need you to use your outside voices please 
diet pops give me a headache!  frick n frack 
"well   minus the sunshine i guess its nice inside the building too    ah, who am i kidding i wanna go outside!"
hmm   what to do today?
just doing some things    and stuff 
but i know in time we'll find this is no suprise 
back in omaha   but still on vacation 
shaken not stirred please 
"closes in three weeks   excited, aint gunna lie "
yearbooked himself   some of the photos are almost too good   check em out 
is apparently an odd bird     hmm 
is back in it 
random message 
fml
should become a hermit 
wants to move already 
thats the last time i fill my car up at midnight   i've never been assaulted by so many moths and undiscovered species of bug in my life 
destination unknown  ruby-ruby-ruby-ruby soho 
doin some stuff    and things     ya know what i'm sayin?
is quite the tired lad
"sitting at home on a friday night   kinda lame, but i'm ok with it "
is sweltering   and in search of lemonade 
mother nature has a fever   does anyone have any cowbell???  50mg chewables are preferred 
anxiously awaiting 5 o'clock so i can go home and take a nap 
i can feel it comin' in the air tonight    oh lord 
could use some caffeine 
<propmale> + caffiene = reunited and it feels so good    reunited 'cause we understood   
workin tonight   come up and get qualified for septemberfest <propmale> and <propfemale> of karaoke   $1000 could be yours   location: the cove 144th n <propfemale>   be there or be ? 
life's a garden  dig it!
relaxing at home   nothin wrong with that 
ain't no geek off the street 
was homeless for about an hour   no big deal 
"as long as it rains while i'm indoors at work, i'm fine with it "
holy busy day!
taking a nap
just closed on my house   another normal day    no big deal 
so stoked about the house   lots of ideas of what to do 
movin and groovin
has been so busy lately with work and moving that i need to take a break and grab a drink   who's up for it?
"dreaming of your mom   just kidding   actually    i take that back, not kidding "
this is too early 
"\we're both looking for something; that we've been afraid to find  it's easier to be broken; it's easier to hide\"""""
like the phoenix who rises above; like the frog <propmale> when he finds love   its like a car that i can't steer; i get these feelings when your near   
this comment has been deleted 
has a crush on colbie caillat   i wonder if it is reciprocated ??     probably 
wants to sit in the steamroom for the rest of the day 
has a brainache
is thinking mics for some happy hour karaoke   
"had the best night of my life   it was totally random, but what i've been waiting for "
"so last night, i think i finally realized that i like pirates more than ninjas "
likes where this is going
lookin at all the ppl that are currently on facebook and wondering why they arent at the cove    hmm?
thinkin about testing out the new grill tomorrow   who wants a burger?     or better yet a burger topped with bacon!
i love going to bed early 
hit with a huge wave of tiredness     callin it a day 
"thinkin about going to the gym early today     i dont like fighting with the crowds, but i also dont like being there until midnight "
i can feel it coming back again; like a rolling thunder chasing the wind   forces pulling from the center of the earth again; i can feel it 
"\you miss 100 percent of the shots you never take    \"""""
friday = bliss
"so we lost by a point      yeah it sucks, but i still think that we have a team that can take the conference"
"ran the corporate cup today   lung cancer, you can shove it!"
djing karaoke @ colliseum tonight   you're invited    lucky you!
is so jealous of rip <propfirst> winkle   i wish i could take a nap that long 
"ohhh, ya know "
today is a foo fighters kind of day
could think of about a bajillion things that i'd rather do than be working on this b-e-a-utiful friday 
fook mi??  no fook <propfemale>!
is getting bored   i need a new challenge in life   ideas?
hmmmm   yep thats it 
"interesting    yep, interesting"
i got a notion to say what doesnt feel right   
cravin da sweets      mmmm
where should i go tonight for delicious libations?  ideas please?
hates what came of this    loves what's opened up
i think r  <propfirst> said it best -- it's the freakin weekend baby i'm about to have me some fun   
@ the cove   nuff said!
up and atom
"the nfl game sux tonight, so make your way to the coloseum for a refreshing beverage and kick ass music"
"dearest alcohol,  i love you tonight   i'll probably hate you tomorrow   but only in the morning   i swear   "
i want to be a rockstar when i grow up!
"new favorite word of the day    \bequeathed\"""""
i can remember everything up until the champagne   that sh*t is evil 
"up early, time to go to the gym"
7 more hours til the freakin weekend
has workitis 
most likely going to end up at mics tonight   see ya there 
what's the world record for longest text string with a wrong number?  i think i just broke it 
is completely burned out 
"i don't recall seeing as much publicity on prostate cancer awareness last month   where was the cool-colored nfl gear, awareness ribbons, and cryptic facebook statuses for that cause?"
pieces tonight anyone?
is entertaining ideas for the game tonight   what's goin on?
"hahaha!  the best study ever\\http annoyed  www theonion com video study-americans-get-majority-of-exercise-while-dru,18198 "
"ok  now monday, please try to be on your best behavior  i dont wanna have to discipline you in public "
paid off my truck today   take that bank bitches!
has the day off 
hates new pillows and the neck kinks that they bring 
"maybe i'm a dreamer\maybe i'm misunderstood\maybe you're not seeing the side of me you should\maybe i'm crazy\maybe i'm the only one\maybe i'm just out of touch\maybe i've just had enough"
"friday, where have you been all my life?"
"for all those who took mrs calantoni's chemistry class, don't forget tomorrow is mole day "
"nothing changes, except perception "
"if names were <propfirst>, i'd sure as hell remember them better "
had an epiphany on the greatest costume ever   the benefits of being bald are abundant 
"dear burger <propmale> croissant sandwich, you may be filling my arteries with cholesterol, but you fill my heart with joy   keep up the good work!"
"totally uncoordinated today   if you find my brain, please call me "
is totally gunna bust ass today   lots of work to be done 
"has his ticket for the sick puppies concert   if you want to go, you better get your ticket fast   the lady at <propmale>'s said there are only a couple hundred left "
i'm gunna go dominate this day really quick 
finally winding down from this lonngg day
so this is what it feels like to be fully rested 
"after 21 years of school, i am relieved that i have less than a month left   and i only need to get a 40% on my final in order to graduate   can't wait til the school shackles come off "
"if i had a dollar for every time i was told i look like <propfirst> daughtry, i'd probably have more money than <propfirst> daughtry "
had hotdogs and wine for dinner   life is about balancing trashy with sophistication 
"i would like to give thanks to all of the turkeys out there who have given their lives for us     you have served our country well, and because of that i can proudly say that i support our turkeys "
needs ideas for stuff to do so i can procrastinate on doing homework 
"god, please <propmale> me some <propfemale>    right now!"
i just want to sleep 
i need a new horizon
hoping for a husker win tonight   get 'em pelini
bring summer back please 
"ahh class, you are the thorn in my side; the rock in my shoe; the knife in my back; the piss in my cheerios   i will be happy when we part ways in one week's time, never to see each other again   i bid you adieu "
and i still haven't found what i'm looking for ?
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes   i hope you all have a swell day 
50 degrees in mid december   i'll take it 
"common sense isn't common    at all    if you are brave enough to drive on the streets in this weather, and happen to be driving a white vehicle, please turn your lights on "
"i cant wait for the holidays to be over, strictly so those annoying hyundai commercials will go away "
i am totally looking forward to turning in my book tomorrow   the bad news: i may only get $ 10 for every dollar i spent on it    the good news: i'll never have to step foot on campus again 
got my last final tonight   following it up with sick puppies   oh yeah!
i swear the dishes in my sink are breeding   there is no other way i can justify it filling up daily 
i got a b   pleasantly suprised 
today has been a bizarro day; everything has turned out the opposite of what i wanted hoped
"i hate shopping during non-christmas times of the year, so today is going to be hell"
"so if you were to vacation in mexico, would you go to the baja side or the yucatan side?"
i wish i had a hellified gangsta <propfemale>   oh well  i guess you deal with the cards you're dealt 
yawn
"taking a post christmas dinner nap, then heading out on the town "
bring on 2011
"if anyone goes to 24-hour, please let me know if the resolutioners have started to arrive   i want to go to the gym tonight, but don't feel like waiting for equipment to free up "
everyone's goal today should be to talk to a friend you haven't seen all year 
"i've have a ton of great friends and i have accomplished alot of awesome things in my life, but for some reason i can't help but feeling completely unfulfilled   i don't get it "
going for a much needed run after work 
i'm addicted to the show intervention   talk about irony 
and  home 
my furnace is operable once again   score!
"in this world, you have to take chances to make advances "
11:11 on 1 11 11
i'm gunna get off work at noon tomorrow and take a little stay-cation 
"circumstances are not negative or positive, circumstances are neutral   it is our thinking, our mental state, our perspective that make a circumstance seem positive or negative "
"my knee is totally jacked up   not sure if its the weather or if i strained it at the gym   it would be cool if i had a killer gangster <propfemale>, but sadly i look like i have polio "
signing up for a soccer league   this should be interesting as i havent played soccer since i was knee high to a grasshopper 
rock those granny pants girl!
and the plot thickens    
"is the juice worth the squeeze     in my opinion, yes "
snow is pretty -- pretty effin annoying 
go pack go!
sick 
this day is mine   anybody that tries to take it better be willing and ready to take a bat to the face 
last night was awful  --  awefully amazing   to say the least
"last night was full of amazing memories   it was also full of patron shots, so i cant remember any one of them"
strap on your ice skates
well rested   feelin amazing 
playing my first ever soccer game tonight   kinda anxious
absolutely cannot wait for the weather to warm up so i can start running outside again 
go pack go
teachin myself how to dougie 
today is national recovery day   i didnt drink enough to participate this year   and i'm ok with that 
anyone wanna take a roadtrip?
i've been looking forward to this weekend since last weekend   finally!
the sauna is calling my name   time to get schwetty
pretty sure my redbull intake from last night reached an unhealthy level 
going for a run outside   gunna be sloppy 
<propfirst>'s day and tonight i have a super hot date        with the sauna 
stepping it up a bit 
operation: gain 10 lbs in 2 months commences today
"today has been an amazing friday thus far \[x] gym\[x] tan (which was free, even better)\[ ] laundry   this can wait"
<-----this guy will be wearing sex panther cologne tonight   how's he gunna keep the ladies off him?
caffeine headache
i really need a nap   this weekend took it out of me 
excited for soccer tonight   is that victory i smell?
when in rome 
i'm really static-y today   i can't imagine what you folks with hair are going through 
ahh weekend   where have you been all my life?
caffeine pill injested   will kc be able to handle this tonight??
complimentary hotel downtown kc -- yes please!
"before you swim, you've gotta be ok to sink "
this past week has been incredible   you'd be crazy to think i'm stoppin now 
off to the dentist to get my snagglies polished 
"wow, its march already???"
"there are the normal boobs (   )(   ), the silicone boobs ( + )( + ), the perfect boobs (o)(o)  some boobs are cold (^)(^), and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\  \\   and let’s not forget the very large boobs (o y o), and the very small boobs ( )( ), and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•)( ) we love them all! post this message on your wall and say ???(_)??? to breast cancer   "
"another day, another dollar"
get down wit'cha bad self
gym time
love isn't always on time
feels great this morning   and i attribute that to yesterday being leg-day at the gym 
punxsuwtawny <propmale> is a piece of shit   where's my early spring??
soccer tonight
needs -- to -- get -- outside
mama said knock you out 
"\nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes  there's too much fraternizing with the enemy\"""""
"got a new phone yesterday, and lets just say angry birds has taken over my life "
"in honor of nate dogg's death, i'm gunna keep it real real gangster today   or is it gangsta?"
its my friday   this could be dangerous  but you'd be pessimistic for thinking that   lets do this!
   and visions of <propfemale> car bombs danced in their heads 
went running this afternoon   never really noticed how much trash is on the side of the roads   c'mon people!
music as a weapon concert -- on the river's tab  yes please!
mother nature needs to stop whoring around with old man winter
i have completely forgotten what it feels like to be warm 
"maybe i'm behind the times, but i just heard that \friday\"" song   wtf??  seriously??"""
staying in on a friday night  not an april fools day joke   this sore throat is a joke though 
getting the gym out of the way before it gets nice out
going out to play
can't wait to get off my lazy ass and play some soccer tonight 
sprained wrists are hardly convenient
<---  thinks that the punching bag games are a stupid idea in a bar or really anywhere    you can show your masculinity better by being a gentleman than punching some bag and having a computer arbitrarily pick a number for you to base your strength on
has yet to have a good morning after a night including goldschlager
djing at the cabin   come out
wasn't asked at all about my black eye today   so either people assume i'm naturally rowdy or i wear black eye's well   both of which worry me 
"needs to go to the gym, but it is really nice out   someone needs to open an outdoor gym and resolve this problem "
"so if this weather forecast is right, we might get snow on friday???  what's the date again?"
this day is draggggging
"to get something you've never had, you have to do something you've  never done "
hmmm
thank you mother nature for the free car wash   the free shower was unnecessary though 
friday  friday   gettin down on friday 
power & light
tailfeather shaking skills would come in handy right about now   ~~~ at elite lounge 
daylight come and me <propfemale>' go home 
<-----  needs a stiff drink
omaha   is   boring 
<---- would kill for a run in the warm sun 
"is anyone taking a vacation sayyy within the next two weeks that i can tag along with   cost and pto are not an issue, just somebody give me an excuse to leave this town "
hope everyone is having a snappy easter 
headin to the phoenix for some pre-monday funday
"aahhh, the pungent aroma of worms "
soccer time
bin laden is dead - now bring our troops home
"the two benefits of bin laden being dead annoyed 1) bin laden is dead\2) the <propmale> wedding is out of the headlines\\it's a great monday "
"just realized today is cinco de mayo, and i have tomorrow off -- bonus!"
i wanna rock!!!
jealousy levels are peaking after seeing people jog while on my lunch break 
life pretty much has come full circle
<--- hopes that all of the people bitchin about the heat last week are happy   enjoy your lack of sun 
somebody needs to invent a rumpleminze patch
anybody taking applications for stalkers?  i need something to do with my free time 
"i have a stinger in my neck, which is making it very difficult for me to rock out to pandora   it's gunna be a long day "
wishes my highschool advisor would have steered me into a career of selling seashell necklaces to beach tourists   kinda getting tired of the corporate grind and being landlocked 
"i kinda want to splurge and have a fancy \end of the world\"" dinner tomorrow     followed by a \""i survived the end of the world\"" breakfast sunday morning   who's in??"""
watching the dirt track races at eagle raceway 
alive and ready to thrive
a lot to do    no motivation 
"two wrongs don't make a right, but three rights make a left "
countdown to my 4-day weekend in t-minus 4 hours 
so who's goin out to play tonight?
all the mosquitoes that bite me have to be alcoholics   
tonight has definitely been the most random night of the year   leave it up to <propmale> ne 
<propmale>'s awkward moment of the day:  changing clothes at the gym when a half naked old guy strolls up    wearing a man bra 
saw pretty much every beautiful person i wanted to see tonight   well    there were a couple more i wouldn't mind seeing 
caffeine's a helluva drug 
its thirsty monday!!
pretty much almost died this morning because of some bitch ass text-driver    a little wired right now 
"in other news, its a great day outside and i can't wait to get off work "
freedom!!!!
going to the gym     on a saturday night    i don't think i've done this since i was 20 
this weather is fantastic      if you're a duck 
cant sing---ross pissed
scotty-thon at the slowdown   which is where you should be 
meh
driving range
this summer needs to slow down      starting tomorrow 
really needs a vacation   any one up to go somewhere?  (preferably further than kansas city)
"has a little spare cash, what to do with it   \\*ultra responsible choice -- put it in my retirement account\*responsible choice  --  pay off my credit card\*less responsible choice -- take a bomb ass vacation\*the \bad boy\"" choice -- buy a motorcycle\",94b7c907267d52078e9a1e74dbeccab6,in detroit   don't ask 
4 flights in 36 hours = one tuckered out <propmale>
we'll stand on top of the world and look down
hi!
chillin poolside   at vanderbilt apts 
gunna rock out to some journey   who else is here?
oh the weather outside is weather ??
phew!  all this relaxing at the pool is wearing me out
when did dressing like trash and acting like a retard become trendy??
<----- is craving a redbull 
<--- hopes you are having a dyn-oh-mite friday
i got enough vitamin d today to last me til i'm 90
12 hours of sleep -- check
i wasn't smart enough to be born <propmale> 
<propfemale>'s on a vacation far away   
"history doesn't repeat, but it often rhymes "
needs to start training for corporate cup 
today is pretty much stellar   no big deal 
i passed the nebraska motorcycle class   now on the look out for a sweet ride 
today would be a fantastic day to drink on a patio 
"\i wonder if whole foods sells organic cigarettes\""    quote from part of a conversation i was in """
"yeah, pretty effin stoked about this weather!  start the football now!!"
what's all this chatter about a storm rolling through town last night?  i slept through it thanks to the constant hum of the fan in my room 
helping the cove get its freshness back with a new paint job 
"hey everyone!  if you are looking for a job or want a change of pace, hayneedle is hiring full and pt positions in our call center   interviews are being held on the spot at our career fair ***today*** from 2 - 7pm --- 13831 chalco valley parkway, 3rd floor   message me if you have any q's   oh and tell them i mentioned it to you \have a stellar day!"
bringin home the bacon 
i've had quite a few <propfemale> vu e playful eriences lately   i'm gunna start dreaming about winning the lottery just to see how far i can take this 
it is extremely difficult to not go out and rent a convertible on a day like this 
it's early   i'm up   gym time 
hates telling the truth and knowing that it may cause a friendship to be broken   
"closing down, single-handedly, one of the best days of my life "
workin    it 
"<----  is pretty much high on life, and does not want an intervention "
<----- wears white after labor day 
mmmm pop rocks 
hoodie weather is goodie weather 
"early to bed, early to rise"
"i need to relearn how to sleep, because apparently i've forgotten "
what is with all the new bmw's and audi's in our parking lot?  i must not have gotten the memo     or the pay raise    
"all these updates and facebook still doesn't have a \dislike\"" button   """
is anyone else playing the million dollar challenge that cnbc is hosting?  how are you doing so far?
i'd definitely make out with this weather 
sleep 
quite a few snafu's this morning   wth?
what an amazing day
"note to self #1:  eat before drinking   \note to self #2: don't forget note #1"
"\sunday is the day of rest \""  --  i'm taking total advantage of this statement """
i haven't had caffiene in 3 days    so yeah   
"<propmale>'s pet peeve #493302 -- having to attend meetings on productivity, when clearly i am not able to do my work while in said meeting "
4 mile run - check 
this rain is somewhat refreshing   aaaahhhh    
i really want to just fast forward two weeks 
i don't feel very good 
"watchin repogames   i wonder how real it is, because that is actually a great idea for a game "
apparently my body is in fasting mode without my permission 
"\a closed mouth doesn't get fed \"""""
"aahh friday, thank you for saving me from this crazy ass week "
"love truth, pardon error "
was baptized this morning   the most peaceful feeling i have ever had 
9 days til <propfemale> san <propmale>   super pumped!
who invented the 40 hour work week again?  they are banished to my hate list for all eternity!
"i'm going to be shutting down fb in the next couple of days   it's becoming a distraction and i need to focus on getting through our busiest time of year at work   message me your info if you want to <propfemale> out sometime, otherwise i'll see you guys around!!"
back home  i didn't lose any appendages  and    i didn't grow any either 
morning jog anyone?
