fadfc686e00dfdddf205056b4a5a0c8a
"truth, my facebook got disabled  sooo here i am    yeahhhhh "
i love my <propfirst>  love   smile 
"picking up my brother, rolling all of the windows down, 57 and <propfemale>  smile "
finding nemo on disney  smile 
"class all day, work til 8  meh"
"feeling so lousy  one class cancelled, still have work though  meh "
going to the doctor   sad 
"stuffy nose, stuffy nose, stuffy nose, ickkyyy   sad "
ughhhhhfkdjdfghngiudfhkjmbn8ytyuhjhyuteredsfghjlikuyjtreasfghj  my life 
stupid college apps    *grumblegrumblegrumble*
mehmehmeh  this stupid essay is just terrible   sad 
work 1-7    
ugh 
"hopefully tonight i will have all of my applications done and sent out, 7 schools ughhhhhhh "
i love shows about baking cakes
school all day and then work until 8
i'm a melancholy <propfemale> today   meh 
2 tests today and then workkkk mehhhhhhhhhh 
ugh longest most stressful day ever 
grey's to wind down from a stressful day 
"its raining, which means byebye snow!!!! yayyyy  smile "
"ok yeah, maybe not this much rain        "
work 3-9  work tomorrow 2-7  ugh 
i want a <propfemale> right nowwwww
"i love my boyfriend, <propfirst> vanderbilt, so much!  smile "
so much paperwork ugh 
4 8 schools down    ugh  a huge weight has just been lifted off of my life 
"school all day, then work, then finishing the last of my apps "
2 more classes  work tonight  daddys birthday  potsdam until monday! hope to see you all this weekend  smile 
good time for my car to break down   sad  
ughhhhhhhhh finally made it up to pdam    took long enough lol 
dome depot   smile 
"true story, ts blizzarding in potsdam, so im stuck here "
in albany   only 3 more hours
shablagoo!! --mint <propfirst> crunch  love 
meh meh meh meh  longest week ever 
it is so nice outside  smile 
"every time i see a sun drop commercial, i just fall down laughing  smile "
"sooooooooosleeeeeepy  calc, psych, socio, work, austins "
i just got accepted into ithaca college!!!  smile 
"blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly  all your life, you were only waiting for this moment to arise   love "
work until 8 ughhh
going on a trip to the <propfirst> <propfirst> inst tomorrow with com102  smile 
my next instrument to conquer will def be the cello   smile 
yay field trip  smile 
he's with sexy sax man saxograms  com     who ordered the saxogram?
flute lessons for the first time in a long time    
make it or break it like a champppp 
stomach flu   ugh 
this greys anatomy is the biggest episode of the season and it's sorta just making me laugh   
i want to learn how to be an extreme couponer!
"asbestos, im baking muffins as best as i can! ohhhh!  smile "
"my name is <propfemale> reymann, and i am a <propfemale> <propmale> addict "
i watch too many cake shows  last cake standing on the food network  smile 
so many things to do today     annoyed 
i just did so much workkk ughhh
i need cake shows now  going through withdrawal 
i burnt my mouth on an egg roll  sad  ughhh 
today is going to be miserable 
ugh 
this day just can literally not get any worse 
"my cat is currently eating bugs off of my bedroom floor   the thing is   there are no bugs, so he is basically pretend eating bugs off of my floor     way to be thomas    love "
last cake standing      smile 
this day needs to enddddd 
"so much work  test tonight and tomorrow morning, class all day tomorrow, work tomorrow night and then getting ready for the weekend upstate  syracuse on friday, ithaca saturday, potsdam saturday night      longest week ever "
last day until break         finally 
packing    then up to new paltz to see <propfemale> <propfemale> fischer-smith  love !!! then syracuse for the night before ithaca tomorrow morning!
finally made it to cuse after the worst drive ever   happy i got to see <propfemale> <propfemale> fischer-smith for a little while 
heading down to ithaca for a few hours and then going up to potsdam until tuesday morning   hope to see you all!
heading up to potsdam in a few!
i can look at peopleofwalmart forever and never be bored 
"i wore flip flops outside, it turns out it snowed   in april  my feet are very cold right now  sad  "
"hangin out with <propfirst> vanderbilt all day and then going to see slu with <propfemale> kern later, makin dinner tonight  smile "
getting ready to leave potsdam and head home for passover dinner tonight  smile  
<propfemale> cuddle time!  laugh 
i love my fosterkittens!  smile 
accepted to suny cortland  smile 
ugh 
accepted to st  <propfirst> university!!!
 sad  
work from 8-2 
accepted to syracuse university for communications and rhetorical studies  smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!
i am obsessed with the <propmale> wedding and i really hope i am not the only one lol 
this is just one of those days 
