453dbd9c851d4fecdc76d85d95894308
has a sleeping disorder  haven't seen a stupid quiz about that!
happy father's day!
it is the man who has done nothing that is sure nothing can be done 
"is so thankful for our mini-vacation! i think we all needed some time away from the city life  no cell phones, no ds, and nobody elses bs "
is back to work for another week!
"ok, ash my eight nights are almost over! i can't wait to go to louisiana this weekend and it's only monday  <propfirst> is driving me nuts, she called <propfirst> today and had him pick her up after school without discussing it with me first  gotta love it! call me tonight "
leaving for louisiana be home sunday??
is home again  we had a great time but that's a long drive when you are the only one awake 
"is on night number five  i can't wait to be off again, three more to go!"
"when it rains it pours! literally, the brand new a c is leaking water in the hall and the camero is not running again! i have decided that car is a money pit! it's ok though, i have faith that things will get better!!!"
is loving the weather!
this week has been so interesting!! i got up this afternoon and we have no mailbox  we needed a new one but come on    really?? four more nights 
please keep my dad in your prayers   he's going to have some tests done on his legs  it doesn't look promising    but we all know the power of prayer! thanks
is so very tired!! i just worked 8 nights straight and my last shift was 16 hours and i'm trying my hardest to stay awake until <propfirst> gets off the bus  cup of coffee #4  gotta love it!
is enjoying this weather!! today has been a lazy day     finally 
had a great time with the kiddos and sisters last night  we need to start doing it more often  i forget what a good time we have together    life gets in the way sometimes 
my days off go by soooo fast! time to get ready to go back    
"i am thankful for my mother, she does so much for my family, without her i don't know how i would make it!"
today i'm thankful that i have a warm bed to go crawl in 
today i'm thankful that i have friends and family that love me  lately i've seen that some are not as fortunate   
"today i'm thankful it's church day!! i need to refill my tank, i'm running on e  lesson #2 on tweets   smile "
"today i'm thankful that <propfirst>'s at work and <propfirst>'s with <propfirst> and i can sleep all day if i want ! if you know me, then you know that will never happen  it is still great that i have the opportunity "
today i'm thankful for the people in my life that make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside  this should only make sense to one person and please don't get the wrong idea mother 
today i'm thankful that last night is over and i only have one more night to go!
today i'm thankful it's my week off!! i need to spend some qt with <propfirst> 
today i'm thankful that god always walks with me  sometimes the daily drama can drag me down but then i remember that i'm not in this alone    
today i'm thankful that <propfirst> and i get a night out   it never happens that someone has <propfirst> and neither of us has to work  we are going to see the blind side 
today i'm thankful life is good and christmas is coming!
today i'm thankful we are all three home today!
is thankful that <propfirst> is a good daddy   i don't know what i would do without him 
is thankful that <propfirst> is out all week  we slept until 10 smile 0 this morning 
hey white liar the truth comes out a little at a time and it spreads just like a fire slips off of your tongue like turpentine and i don't know why
had a great time last night  i could not have asked for a better family christmas  we are truly a blessed family 
<propfemale> christmas!
at <propfirst>'s happy new years!
pink
is so excited about taking <propfirst> to see <propmale> chesney tonight!! thank you aunt c 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!
is loving life!
"ok, so <propfirst>'s in the hospital with bronchitis for a few days if you didn't get a text from her dad or i  wish us luck, the doctor says she might be out by tuesday  so much for getting stuff done this week off  there's always next week     smile "
"we are home!!! she's not 100% but she's much better, thanks guys for everything "
happy easter!
is drinking a glass of wine at eight in the morning  there has to be something wrong with this  i'm hoping i can fall asleep soon    guess it would help if i wasn't playing on fb   smile 
hi mom! ya dork when are you gonna figure this thing out? lol
"never understood when i was younger why my mother slept all the time, now that i work nights i totally get it! it's hard to get back on a daytime schedule on my off week   smile "
today is my last day off and i have so much to do   and once again i'm on fb! i think i'm procrastinating   hmmmm the apple doesn't fall far! lol
just had breakfast from subway    pretty good stuff!
is enjoying my day off 
doesn't have a clue what i was thinking taking on three girls tonight!! i'm so sleepy and they are in there laughin' it up at a movie  it's all good i'm gonna get them up at 6 smile 0 am for breakfast and church  pray for me!!!  wink 
is at work playin on fb
one more night  yea!!
"ready to take a short leave of absence!! no phone, no man, no kids    no problems!"
is loving vacation!
happy mother's day 
"while you scream at your woman, there's a \man wishing he could whisper softly in her ears  while you \humiliate,offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and \reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a\man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry \there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're\against domestic violence"
"it is the soldier, not the reporter, that has given us freedom of the press it is the soldier, not the poet, that has given us freedom of speech it is the soldier,not the lawyer who has given us the right to a fair trial it is the soldier,who salutes the flag, who serves beneath the flag and whose coffin is draped by the flag that allows the protestor to burn the flag"
"can't wait for this week to be over, it seems to be dragging on "
"right now a police officer is helping someone  a police officer is working the streets {day or night} to make it safe for you  a police officer missing their family while caring for yours  in the minute it took you to read this; police officer's all over the world are saving lives ? it's police officer appreciation week    repost if you are a police officer, or love a police officer  for t thank you for what you do  "
is glad the car is still under warranty  just realised i have no break lights!!
ok i feel really bad   erin's birthday party is going to be saturday at 7 smile 0pm at bounce  procrastination is my middle name   smile 
happy father's day!!
is at a fork in the road and doesn't know which way to go    please pray that i figure all this mess out  thanks
"i wish everyone knew what you really look like, then they would see the humor in it   thank you fat booth on the iphone  too funny "
i like it on the floor board in the front seat 
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient onlyhas one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting "
"about to go to bed   this week i never actually got my sleep pattern straight  oh well , there's always next week!  smile "
"change\your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is \not to see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  support the \fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status"
playin w erins christmas present! hehe
"just cooked biscuts and gravy, good stuff!!! going last minute shopping today, i believe i have lost my mind!"
scared to go to the doc  today   i know he's gonna mad i've put weight on  i hope this fixes the issue today  i'm so flippin hungry right now   liquid diets are no fun!
"dear god, i come to you as humble as i know how  i confess my sins, those known and unknown  lord you know i am not perfect and i fall short everyday of my life but i want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy  thank you for my health, my family and my friends, the roof over my head and the food on my table and everything i have     re-post if god has blessed you in any way"
