33899d90d6dc78c71d5eb84e71af09a1
just saw avatar   best movie ever
i think a pedafile just friend requested me   denied    lol
bored   text me   8153219407
so apparently the death's time quiz doesnt like me   ill die at 37 by being crushed by a shelf   > >
powderpuff game ended    33-6    seniors win
"soooo i was in the parade on the sophomore float    i brought supersoakers    we got everyone (freshys, juniors, seniors) parade ends, and i almost get run over by some senior  she stops right in front me, goes \im going to kill you for spraying with that water!\"" and drives away i dont think the situation would have been any different if we sprayed here with ice mountain instead of regular tap   hehe"""
really sick  - -  slept for over half the day
want to do somethin     text me    18153219407
anyone know how much the new cod is for the pc?
no plans tomorrow    text me if you wanna hang   18153219407
so there was a food fight today at 5th hour      my friend <propfirst> got nailed in the face with a fully loaded salad    best thing ive ever seen  laugh dd
nottin to do today if you wanna <propfemale> text me 18153219407
"dreading the cold thats coming soon    but cant wait for snowball fights, snowmen, and (most of all) snowboarding!!!  laugh  cant wait til wilmont opens!"
"won a raffle  at a basketball game that i didnt even go to   got a football, duffle bag, 20 pencils, and 5 memo pads    wth am i supposed to do with memo pads?"
join my new fan <propfemale>  http annoyed  www facebook com <propfemale>s america 191204021615
cant find my freakin phone - -
found my phone!  laugh 
deeply depressed at the loss of my <propfemale> hat t t r i p <propfemale> hat  sad  lol
there was a fight during 5th hour today   was exciting   mr  o'shea the woodshop teacher tackled someone and a janitor got punched in the face   
well this laptops gunna die soon enough so i guess i got to go   night!
<propfemale> christmas from the <propfemale> hat guy!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas to all!!!
i think i raked in enough cash the christmas to buy myself an xbox   laugh 
"its a new year  im gunna make it a good one  smile  and if you dont like it, go fuck yourself  laugh "
1 1 11 -- the reset button just got pushed  anything is possible now  believe  h???????????????????ÿ????? n??????????? ????????????????
went snowboarding today for six and a half hours! soooo tired
so i need some help  im tryin to get a job at 6 flags  wat job sounds best? 1) food services (restraunteer) 2) games attendant (run games) 3) merchandise attendant ( run store kiosk) 4)park services (cleanup) 5)ride attendant (rider preperation and launch) i need a top three that im going to apply for  thanks!
gunna playing some original cod 2 online  lol
i miss my hair  sad 
just about cut his right thunb off with a hunting knife while sharpening it
a lot of crap is goin down when pigs learn to fly     best quote ever
happy easter all!
anyone here play airsoft?
i love the pirate song from google  laugh 
i can officially say i was actually hit in the face with a sword  i have a scar (and a picture) to prove it 
i hate waking up early  nobodys ever awake until like 2pm so theres never anything to do   lol
women are done eating whenever they are full  men are done eating when they hate themselves    
"i love summer  you can stay up as long as you want and wake up when you want, doing what you want, when you want to do it  school is gunna suck lol"
just got my shedule for school today  i apparently have a locker but no lock      
give me a song that is soothing or cool sounding that u can play with an acoustic guitar  i will try to play it
"fun fact: if you have an mp3 player and a plugged in electric guitar, you can put the headphones in the guitar while its playing and the amp will, well, amplify it  sounds like a radio almost  with less commercials   "
just noticed my schedule has me going from ap physics to spanish 3 to english 3 to engineering (j hall for those of you who dont know)   guess who gets to do a marathon at school  - -
"played my guitar last night until i burned my fingers on the strings  or something    whatever it is, it burns, it stings, and i no longer have fingerprints on the tip of my fingers on my left hand "
tried ice skating today  terrible idea  i think i brouke my tailbone
"my school schedule  annoyed 1) no class ( laugh )\2) coll  alg  hnrs  - sapochak\3) ap physics hnrs  - adkins\4)spanish 3 hnrs  - klebba\5)english 3 - cacciatore\6)p e  - hruska\7)lunch\ smile us history 1 hnrs  - swanson\9)geometry hnrs  - ebel\\that and i now have a locker combination  lol"
my web browser refuses to close d:<
you know two teachers <propfemale> out too much if both of their welcome speaches have to do with food    
wondering if ill be able to go airsofting with the guys saturday    
"if u do something unusual to save someones life, u are considered a hero  if u do something unusual and someone dies, you are considered a moron "
a fool and his money are really fun to <propfemale> out with 
this day will go down in history 
so working on my history project  a k a  im playing time of your life by green day on my guitar  over  and over  and over  lol!
just about mastered time of ur life on the guitar  being that its takin me an hour to learn like 3 riffs shows me just how badly i suck - - lol
<propfirst> birren really sucks at cod2
have to play a song in history tomorrow  gunna suck cuz i still dont have the beat down - -
my leopard gecko has officially gone insane
i need a laptop 
someone text me im so bored  - - 18153219407
not sure wat to do  wish today wasnt sunday  saturday shoulda repeated itself  i like that no school idea  =p
like this if you are going to homecoming
"to the man who invented train museums: i hate you sincerely,i never want to see another train that isnt being ran by metra "
the guys at our school need a <propmale> atitude adjustment towards the little ladies
bored  talk to me  if you dont know my number just comment and ill give it to you
is finally noticing how good he is at understanding you people think 
"i dont understand why people hate spiders so much  im not a fan either, but i dont go freakin commando ever time i see one  and yes there kinda creepy but hey, they keep down the mosquito population "
is a powderpuff cheerleader  haha!
is really wishing the people i wanted to talk to were on right now
had powderpuff today  nice job juniors  seniors you suck  laugh   lol  cant believe they got that last play - -
lame day 
better  day 
just finished the rubix cube  happy belated 80's day to me  lol
completely screwed up his rubix cube t_t
"wants to draw something, but lacks the <propmale> skills to do it   "
"má tá tú ag leamh go leor a dhéanamh amach cad a chiallaíonn seo , a chuid ama a fháil amach ar facebook agus dul a chodladh  "
"so i just listened to the lyrics of \its love\"" by train  that song makes no sense """
"homecoming was fun  talked to someone i havent seen forever and missed  glad to see theyre still alive lol  \bonfire\"" was fun too """
needs chest muscles  who wants to go to the gym after school tomorrow?
the song bulletproof sounds like it should be the background to an atari video game  if she didnt sing of course
"i dont care how old a song is, i like it  so shut up "
i find sleep to be a waste of time  like i feel like i could be doing something more productive
"if your not livin' in my world, its sucks to be you! cant imagine a place thats more beautiful "
"worst day in a long, long time "
tried to learn a song  found out i cant because i need a capo  on to a new song 
somebody talk to me! im so bored i learned the theme to tetris on guitar  and holiday by green day  and another song may just kill me - -
long day  glad its over  hoping tomorrows better
facebook im isnt working    - -
is drawing  still wish i was better at it 
tinychat time! click the link to come video chat with me and 7 others - http annoyed  tinychat com walruslove
i'm in a tinychat with 8 other people @ http annoyed  tinychat com walruslove
i'm in a tinychat with 35 other people @ http annoyed  tinychat com walruslove
wasted day  annoyed  couldve been waaaaaayyyyyy better
sooooooo bored  so i guess ill do that truth thing  like the status 
i think i would like the cap im wearing better if round lake wasnt embroidered into it
a perfectly good way to waste 10 10 10
lame day  annoyed 
started staining my house at nine today  just finished - -
"so according to my new hair style, and most quizzes ive taking lately, im emo  who wants to go to hot topic and spencers? lol"
"the ghetto has officially e playful anded to my street  graffiti, late night parties, wat sounded like a gun shot, and now drag races, all in one week "
its really hard to tell you something if you keep forgetting to talk to me after school    
kinda wishing i kept my mouth shut  annoyed 
"cant figure out why, but his stomach has been having a continous spasm for about 10 minutes now "
forgot about the concert tonight- -
"so m friend wants to sell me his xbox360, 2 controllers, and 2 games for 200  good deal? (and yes its in good condition)"
why is it that everyone pays the most attention to you when all you want is to be left alone
"im am not afraid of death  nor, the pain that may come along with it  but what i do fear, is dying without doing everything i wanted to do in life "
has taken an oddly strong interest in japenese   
theres a lot of people hacking my friends - -
"one of the few worthy forward feeds: every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer "
computers slow again - - time to clean it out  again 
internet e playful lorers out due to whether  its a good thing theres foxfire  lol
"\im older than you!\"" \""haha you die first\"" \""not if i hit you with my car!\""  laugh """
thinks hes giving up on them  its not even worth it anymore 
like this if your goin to the concert later just so i know 
just found out i cant even go to the concert - - wtf
i feel ive wasted a perfectly good saturday  annoyed 
ahhhhh halloween: the one day where we all get to dress up like idiots and take free <propfemale> from strangers that youll never see again 
someone stole my calculator   
this is gunna be a long week
im bored  time to draw 
backpack broke- - long week omen #2
unsuccesfully un-sharpie-ing my arms from earlier today lol
"so i was emailed by a company in london    i apparently have the qualifications they were looking for and they asked me to send in an application  oh spam, wat would i do without you?  love "
you make it really hard to forget about you when you pop up like that just when im about to     
"how seldom, do people look up "
girls yall are beautiful  dont let any jack-ass punks tell you different 
i cant freakin' stand people that talk like this    that took me longer than it did for me to write this much longer sentence write after it   
would anyone be interested in being in a human chess game?
"writing a report for history  i love how spellchck thinks i spelled my name wrong, but it has no problem with how i spelled hitler    "
the fray is way to good to be so little known  annoyed 
"just played canon all the way through  badly, but i still did it  lol"
stop it! dx
just saw a cop break into a car  lol!
soooo me and my friends are setting up a human chess game  and (oddly enough - -') no one wants to be a pawn  anyone interested? there is also room for a rook and a <propfemale> 
so almost got enough people for my human chess game  but i still need pawns!!! you know you want to    lol
is confused on way to many parts of my life
thinks he could get into economics    
<propfirst> birren still doesnt know how to use half of facebook  laugh 
someone should reallt text me  soooo bored right now - -'
im done trying
hates it when those freakin red notification <propfirst> wont go away!!!
needs to get out more - -'
"freakin loves it when someone says they want to talk, i give them my #, and then they never contact me"
so looking on the people you may know thing: first person: mrs  klebba  second person: mr  sapochak  trying to decide if this is hilarious or an omen
boredddddd      text me?  laugh 
a $74000 australian militay car went missing after they painted it camoflauge  - -'
"ill do this inbox thing  send me a q, and ill give you an a =p"
trying to get my mouth to shape to my retainer again  i think im gunna die  annoyed 
just accidentally deleted my cod account - -
im not uncertain  i am merely waiting for others to make up their mind so i can move along 
i tthink the next time one of the viral facebook staus post things go around it should be the marry bang kill thing  would be intersting  lol
"ok since i was lookin at it again, i want to do it  give me three names, and ill pick marry bang kill  lol (this is not aloud to be taken personal  lol)"
heard papa roach for the first time  not bad  not bad
probably have to pull an all nighter  joy 
finished half off my history project 
"if life gives you melons, you may be dyslexic "
"anyone perfect must be lying,\anything easy has its cost,\anyone plain can be lovely,\anyone loved can be lost "
is almost done with his history project  thank god i took a nap earlier - -
"theres never a wish better than this,\when youve only got one hundred years\to live"
my stomach is making odd noises and its starting to annoy me 
just got out of a concert  <propmale> with friends  made new ones  listening to green day  life is good today  smile 
"and she says ooh, i cant take no more,\her tears like diamonds on the floor,\and her diamonds bring me down,\cuz i cant help her now \shes down in it,\shes tried her best but now she cant win,\its so hard to see them on the ground,\her diamonds on the ground"
"people should talk to this guy<<<<<\^^^^^^^"
text me people!  laugh 
call me mr  krigle cuz im wearing a <propfemale> hat 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"ahhh so many people in my contacts list, but only one i want to talk to "
comin home tomorrow  anyone wanna <propfemale> after about      2 surprise 0 pm? lol
its so odd when someone has your number from somewhere else and they e playful ect you to know who they are
went go carting the other day  my shoulder blade still hurts from ramming into a wall - -
dude <propfirst> nielson died d:
<propfirst> wegner you are the greatest   laugh 
doing a micro project  never thought i'd have to use a website called drugs com lol
blegh  rain  - -'
people are hypocrites  i hate it 
mmmmmmmm     someone should text me  laugh 
cant believe i forgot this thing was due tomorrow - -
"sometimes i read the back of a laffytaffy and i want to \severely injure or maime\"" someone"""
"this freakin computer just erased half of my spanish book!!! nsdfbhasdi gyvuf gdskfyuvgfskacf,zsdvh lfuibvql fcg,abkqf w!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
gunna start my christmas list i guess  lol
"im not crazy im just a little unwell, i know right now you cant tell, but stay awhile and then maybe youll see and different side of me  smile "
finished a third of my project  time for a break i think  smile 
its snowing a lot!  laugh  harts hill this weekend anyone?
somebody! should text me  lol
two verbs left    finally  lol
"done with the spanish!!!!!  laugh dddddd now, to print it    all 42 pages"
probably did the most epic thing ive done on a computer for a long time   i can now write in japanese  laugh 
really wants to talk to you  but i think im annoying you  annoyed 
i notice that everyone used to pick on hey <propmale> for bein a football head  nobody ever realized they couldve gotten hit pretty bad for wearing a kilt    
like and ill say what i like about you 
"if i dont do yours thing, you dont want me to   smile \\babe the pig always told me \if you cant say anything nice dont say anything at all\"""""
people should text me  smile 
need something to do   talk? text? anything   
goin sledding (snowboarding) down harts hill  anyone wanna come?
i can hear thevsnow packing itself on my roof
i love how many people have pokemon as their profile pic  smile 
someone should doownload some stuff on my mp3s for me  smile 
i would make a lot of stuff on those link sites but itd get old liking it over and over again aafter everyone steals it  annoyed 
talk to me people!  smile 
that song that reminds me of you came on again  sad 
the adventures of english spam #2: today i won 4 2 million pounds in a lottery i did not enter  twice 
write a number 1-1000 and send it to my inbox  then ill post your number and a message to you  smile 
69- first: wow you would!  laugh  second: i miss you! and you need to tell me the next time you can <propfemale> because i havent seen you in like 2 years!!! d: but love ya!  smile  lol
19- first things first: i do talk a lot  i was just very tired  im better now  but hey we should <propfemale> sometime    thats before 9 surprise 0 at night  lol
"\insanity: trying the same thing over and over again and e playful ecting a different result\"" ~albert einstein  i must be insane   annoyed """
911: - -' of course u would  lol  but i havent seen you in school for like a week where are you <propfemale>? lol  guitar clubs boring again
22: you! <propfemale>! need to <propfemale> out with me sometime  lol  but i havent got to <propfemale> with you since that one day and and and and i really miss you  sad 
i wish you knew how awesome you are to me     
got a c in micro  i think this calls for a celebration  lol
34 friends online and your not one of em  sad 
i need to get friends that are actually in the same classes as i am  lol
"we may only have tonight but til the morning sun your mine, all mine  play you music love, and swing to the rythum of love "
something tells me this weekend is goin to suck a lot more than i thought it was
rain driving  yay 
somebody should text me  smile 
how am i supposed to do this?  sad 
ahhhh    christmas tree decorating  lol!
i wish she'd understand   
"dear single status annoyed i hate you  please go away  \\k? thanks bye  annoyed "
wtf facebook give back my im bar! d:<
"inbox only! 2010 is almost over  confess something you always wanted to tell me  [100% private] put this as your status, you might be surprised!"
i am the greatest at not being able to let go of the wrong people   
im in a giant box of plush dog pillows  win? i think so
has to do something tomorrow to clear his mind  <propfemale> anyone?
whats wrong with me? please i really would love to know 
thinks about you all the time  i dont think i even cross your mind 
somebody should talk to me  if you dont have my number just ask for it  smile 
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is    still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
new phone  smile 
"new phone, guitar break through, good day? i think so?"
i was invited to a music festival by my friend  id love to go  but the suckers in miami  laugh 
so im goin to make a youtube account and im goin to post videos answering trivial questions that the viewers ask me  any ideas for a name?
why am i still up? o o
ooooohhhhh      my eye looks really cool right now  smile 
<propfemale> christmas from the guy in the <propfemale> hat! *<  smile 
astronaut icecream  smile 
should probably stop eating chocolate if im stuck in a car for the next half hour with nothing to drink    hmmmmm    ooo chocolate!
"after how many denied friend requests is it acceptable to add them, send them a strongly worded \leave me alone\"" and delete them as my friend?"""
misses his school friends  not school  just the people from it  who wants to <propfemale> tomorrow? lol
so im thinking about goin to acen  who alls goin?
i woke up and automatically my stomach gurgles  i sounded pretty much exactly like when pacman dies  lol
this is the story of a girl\\nwho cried a river and drowned the whole world  \\nand while she looks so sad in photographs\\ni absolutely love her when she smiles  smile 
accidentally stayed up til 3:15 last night   how the hell am i already awake?!
someone talk to me  im so bored i cant stand it - -
i was hoping to have a life today  oh well 
ok people! we need to <propfemale> out  soon  lol
bored  text it ppl
congratulations to all the people that made the v show! red disember  will be playing as well as beezus rochobobot and a lot of other awesome people  and even if you didnt make it you did great and deserve credit just for trying!  smile 
they changed the zodiacs! wtf!!!
im in crocs knee high sports socks shorts and a coat  im not gettin out of the car 
i miss people  annoyed 
"dear certain women of the world,\please stop assuming all guys are slobbish assholes that dont give a fuck about you  we're not all like that  thanks \sincerely, one of the nice guys"
slowwwww texters - -
"if i lay here,\if i just lay here,\would you lay with me,\and just forget the world?  smile "
good night people  annoyed 
i keep dropping my phone today - -
"red : i use to like you \grey : i wanna be friends \purple : i wanna get to know you \black : i wanna kiss you \   pink : i likee youu \   yellow : your cute  \indigo : imiss you \white : iwant to see you more \gold : iwant to be your valentine \orange: will you be mine?\green : we should chill! smile "
is sorry to the ppl i was talking to but the internet is pissing me off  text or message me plz  smile 
is sorry to the ppl i was talking to but the internet was tickin me off  text or pm me  smile 
no internet cable at my house  entertain me!  laugh 
internets up  for now  its been goin on and off for the last 12 hours
"dear canada,\\nwe'll make a deal  we kill <propfemale> montana, you kill <propfirst> beiber  deal? deal \\nsincerely, <propfemale>"
the sky is particularly beatiful this morning  smile 
"just watched the possibly the saddest, coolest, and most beautiful anime series in the world "
why is it that whenever i go into deep thought about things i become terribly depressed?
