9af3af59b11ae2202bbb5538280f863c
i hate stupid ppl!!
"jus got outa the field  best field e playful eriance ever, we had showers!!!"
shaved my mustache   oh well itll grow back 
"well just incase you ppls is wondering   i am in kuwait  it is a dust bowl and its hot  no humidity!! so its not too bad  just get tired of the sand storms  but i am doing well, keep me in your prayers and ill keep you in mine! love yall!!"
"hot, confused     hydrated though"
"in kuwait still ppls! waiting on one of those fantastic army planes  i guess the classic motto struck again   \hurry up and wait\"""""
"heading to iraq in the morn  ill keep in touch, love yall!"
going on vacation for a lil bit  be back soon! looking forward to march
tired
chillen in iraq
"thank yall for the \happy veterans day\"" !! back to ya drink one for me wink !!"""
"working since 1600 local    bored, dont get off till 0400     new job at the airport  blah!"
missing all my peeps  tired    
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!    iraq is cold, gtg workout soon!!!"
"bored, cant sleep!"
worked out hard almost time for sleep!
no i do not wish to translate facebook !!!
~~i wanna go fast!!~~
just another day in iraq 
its a cold day in iraq! (i thought this was hell)  laugh  j k
y not im bored-copy this into your status and see what people rate you    1 sad razy 2:i'd marry you 3:talkative 4 annoyed arcastic 5 annoyed oveable 6 sad lubhead 7:moody 8 laugh umb 9 annoyed polied 10:mouthy 11:random 12:hot 13:funny 14:fit 15:amazing 16:tough 17 sad ute 18:bf gf type 19 playful layer 20:the best
"\whats on your mind?\""-nothing"""
tired   sleepy   going to sleep!
"worked too hard today  tired and dirty now, boots falling apart; overall im great  (not even being sarcastic!)"
ready to go home 
"long day at work! glad to be off, 6 more days!"
oh hell!!!! the worst sandstorm yet!! and i was walking in it!
"bored in balad, stuck waiting   forard progress is being made though, no complaints there "
"in germany, the home of pollocks  (or is that poland?)"
back in alasad cant wait to leave
"haven't been on facebook in a while, so hi and bye it might be another couple of months before i stop in again "
nerviousness 
loving my baby boy  i cant wait to meet him 
"tired of shaving everyday, i want my go-tee back  maybe some different clothes? wtf i'm not institutionalized  ready to be home with family and friends, see my son for the first time  and go look at our f*ed up beaches    thanks bp any army ppl waanna join in a lawsuit i think we have a case!!"
blah
"~and it won't be long, till i get on back home ~"
"waiting patiently to get home and see everyone  no offence but i'm tired of seeing you people here in iraq, maybe you will look better in florida "
"love looking at pics of my boy, and fiance waiting for moments to come "
me saying i'm ready to get out of iraq is a understatement 
~a couple more hours and we will be through ~
indiana here i come  maybe 
glad to be home!
my new number is 850 631 0475
eating in tally happy 4th everyone!
warning dishwasher may e playful lode! contents under pressure! but don't worry the mess is cleaned up now 
back in south florida  love the weather 
love my wife for letting me do my own thing 
enjoying my party with family and friends  awesomest!
it's peanut butter and jelly time! (dont ask)
thanks all for the bday wishes 
back at work still feeling a little dehydrated but i'll be strong
sitting in pier park bout to go register for yellow ribbon  fun stuff 
movie time 
well i wanted the  noles to win  yet again i'm disapointed n them  maybe the byu game next week that i'm going to will make me feel better  *sad face*
4 words- how bout them noles!!!!
jimbo fishers age 45 florida state score while dominating maimi 45 me messing with all the upset fans     priceless    go noles
"thank you iraq for introducing me to my wife, the great e playful erience, the pay, and giving me the free xbox 360  haha "
two gingers don't make a right     don't ask   
hey fb im selling my '01 ford ranger and '03 honda cbr954 anyone interested hit me up at 8506310475 or on fb!
new shower arrangement 6shower heads on three poles  kinda crowded 
