d2786c31661db1c1ad01ddd0ef07e79d
bored in the snow in wenatchee
the road may have a disaster sign up ahead but you just keep on truckin'
im moving!!!       4 blocks down the road  hahaha! i have the power of the universe!
i do not understand for the life of me why guys talk in stereo
hello fresh starts!
"cleaning everything from the beginning\ive got to get my mind cleared \to achieve zen"
saturdays the day
hey hey hey! guess what??
hello my peeps  im back in seattle!
got back from <propfirst>'s this weekend  uber fun to see the family again  can't wait till fort ebey
omg my grandma and i were going through one of her book shelves and she laid an <propmale> hitchcock book on the bed  i went to pick it up to check it out and there was a huge wolf spider on the pages standing over a huge nest  it was petrifying
i got a job interview at qfc on 15th and 145th  its too far away but it'll do i think  we'll see 
i feel like poo
biiiig weekend ahead-----lake city parade!!!! yay
i just bought a whole bunch a new books!
im at brandons yay! i beat 3 colossi from shadow of the colossus!!!!! im awesome!!!!
the stars are soooooooo pretttyyyyyyyyy
i beat the shadow of colossus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to follow up interview today for value village!!!!!!!!! hope i get it
i got the job!!!!!!!!! i start on friday
i just bought the most amazing dr  <propfirst>'s boots!!!! they're a dream come true
today i'm seeing the other guys and dinner with schmucks  i'm soooo excited 
"the other guys was awesome and hilarious, but dinner for schmucks was kind of stupid  the ending was nice but other than that it was a waste of money "
omg the most amazing thing happened today! i found my brother on facebook! thank the gods for the internet  i haven't heard from him in 9 years  turns out he's in iraq with the army  that's my big bro!!!
i hate phones 
bored beyond all belief 
"sunburnt, tired, need more black clothes, have to wake up at like 5 for the next week  i hate commuting to work"
played guitarhero for the first time at <propfirst>'s today  totally sweet
talkin on the phone to the gramma
kickin butt on cabella's hunting game    it is so much fun killing stuff!!!!!!
is tired and annoyed
"going to see the last exorcism tonight with <propfirst>, then going to wildwaves in the morning with <propmale>  first free weekend in forever!!"
i hate the orange button
<propfirst> thought lebron <propfirst> played with the lakers
chicken for dinner  whadup!
new dress!!!!!
ouch
my hair was not supposed to be pink!!!!!!!! arghhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
i'm gonna see everest college on saturday   being proactive about my future
err
everyday i wake up at this ungodly hour even though i don't have to wake up till 8:15!!! bah
"to do cosplay for halloween? or not to do cosplay for halloween? that is the question \i could be <propfemale>, sailor <propfemale>, <propfemale> vivi or countless others    votes???"
when im really happy or sad or depressed my eyes turn glacier blue  when im normal they're greyish blue
what about misa amane? that'd be sweet
ahhhhhhh what a wonderful day
it's too early for the birds to sing
just bought a sweet shirt yo
well        sean of the dead was epic
at grandmas-microwave dinner  epic 
new piercings!!!!!!
"i feel like poo-my throat is soar, i got a headache, lights hurt my eyes, i gotta pee, im sleepy, feel dizzy     errrrrr"
can't sleep!!!!!!!!!
brandons making fun of my accent-what a bitch
my lip hurts
looking at a naked guy covered in blood on cops  lol
playing <propfirst> the fisherman by primus on guitar hero and i was one note sort of being perfect when i sneezed    
watching <propfirst> playing shadow of the colossus
"reunion: <propfirst> divoky, murren kennedy, <propfemale> <propmale> girtch, and <propfirst> szymusiak  four best friends from freshman year"
going to go see everest today  to go to college or not to go to college  that is the question
---going to college!!!! i start october 26th!!!!!!!!---
slept in till 130 today!!! what an amazing week
when the zombie apocalypse happens im gonna be the crazy chick with a machete
finally just beat cabela's legendary hunt  the last hunt was the easiest
woot
gotta play ocarina of time    
just realized gorillaz has two songs that have to do with <propmale> eastwood   is there something behind this?? cuz <propmale> eastwood is pretty pimp
"super happy bout going to college    but why can't i have coloured hair, and piercings, and tattooss         argh"
going to the doc today--work accident overload!!!!!!!!!! hopefully nothing wrong or massage might be a problem    
"going camping tomorrow at fort ebey on whidbey island, on the coast  super stoked  won't be home tilll sunday! hope it doesn't rain   "
yo im home!
blah
double tap
getting a tat tomorrow
went home early from work today    felt anxiety coming on
one of two
i cut my hair!!!!!!! i love noodle    
poo poo poo   can't wait for halloween  i finally found my thigh high pink tights for my costume (<propfirst> from venture bros )
so cold
rawr rawr rawr
next on life's list: find a job
start college today!
organic chemistry is boring   can't wait for things to pick up in anatomy physiology
did you know gelatin is made from bones???
"argh!!!! sick, gauged lip piercings (hurt like nuts), crazy saturday (best halloween party ever), and an anatomy quiz  why????!!!!!!"
i can't believe im not even registered to vote
i need a job!!!!!
my phone's about to die   poo
eatin macaroni  eatin macaroni   nom nom nom
waka waka waka  party party party  blah blah blah 
getting picked up by the shuttle at 3  getting to the airport by 4  boarding the plane at 6  be in st  <propfirst> by 11 or 12  no sleep  and when i get home i got the stupid bank to deal with and a week full of make up classes and finals  i can't wait for november to be over 
"saw <propmale> potter  totally epic, crappy cliffhanger         if you hadn't read the book"
oblivion!!!!!
"i want my long pink hair back! this is what i get for being bored and impulsive    atleast i learned something from this \the solstice is on tuesday!!!! don't forget!"
"on the agenda for today: tattoo, play oblivion, clean, and read  sounds like a harmonious day "
billssss and sicky
why didn't i know i had to pick-pocket methredhel  
why does my rhomboid hurt?!!!
steelers yo
seaweed wrap  for heavens sake i smell like fish 
need a job!!!!!!
this is halloween this is halloween pumpkins scream in the dead of night   
"why, oh why, does nothing ever go according to plan?"
hoping to get a job at <propmale>  waiting for a reply 
got a job at <propmale>  i start today smile 
my pandora is being retarded
who wants to see system of a down with me?
why do they tease us with the previews of skyrim when it doesn't come out till november?!!!!!!!
saturday: <propfirst>'s bday woop! and a whole lotta nothins
just filed my taxes for the first time!
daft punk   
"so i've been waiting since october for the new shadow of the colossus game to come out  i went to gamestop today to make sure the game was coming out on saturday and they said it was moved till december  i almost cried, but the dude gave me a hi five for ruining my year "
