a685a1f07f94a86e3f172f03df7d86e0
"is hoping the rockies can keep up the winning streak! i wish they were playing the mariners here in seattle, so i could watch! haha"
is just wakin up  wonderin' what the plans are for today 
got a new pair of skates  i'm super effing excited to go use them! i miss hockey  sad 
gets to see <propmale> in like five hours!!!! less even! i am soooo excited!
<propmale> is here!!!!! yayyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
"is going to deception pass today with <propmale> and <propfemale>, and maybe <propfemale> and <propfemale>  it should be a blasty blast! happy father's day daddy!!!!"
"has obnoxious allergies, and a new ringtone "
doesn't know what she wants out of life 
had an awesome day imagining herself in a fictional place  oh and <propfirst> mays > mj
but i don't believe in time 
"really has to pee  not that you care, because of course, you don't "
is disappointed about leaving seattle tomorrow  that blows  i love it here   sad  everything is so green and purty!!!
is taking a break from self-induced computer problems  at least they're working out  whew
is gonna crash soon  i'm sick of installing the same programs i've installed a hundred times  my brain is fried 
"doesn't understand why everybody gets so excited about the <propmale> potter movies  the movies aren't nearly as good as the books  hardly worth my time, much less the ten bucks "
red vines or twizzlers? red vines all the way for me 
has had an awesome summer and is extra super grateful to everyone who made it possible! especially <propfemale> and nozar!
's personality type is istp  apparently my ideal relationship partners are either estj's or entj's  *shrug*
is gonna go nap like a <propfemale> in the sun
don't you dare drink that relationship sprite 
just got pandora one! hooooray!
the ugly truth was just as good the second time 
"defcon was amazzing  vegas was bomb diggity, and i'm realllly reallllly glad i went  everyone was super cool and i had an awesome time  plus the talks were really cool, i wish i'd gone to more of them  it's certainly nice to be home though  that car ride "
"oh, and i met sockington "
i saw a shooting <propfemale> tonight  tonight is supposed to be the peak of the perseids meteor showers  awesome opossum  keep your eyes open   wink 
<propmale> gets back today! hooray!!!! headed to best buy to cash !n on my warranty on my laptop  must get keyboard f!xed 
windows 7 on the new netbook  yeah!!
"is shocked at how close school is to starting, my textbooks are coming in now "
is surprised fafsa didn't send me a nasty rejection letter  a relief 
<propmale> and i are watching re-runs of <propmale>  marathon2111\\\\\\     wa-na-nuh    <propfirst> bandit!!!
"atrociously bored  i suppose i should enjoy it, considering school starts monday  *sigh* i'd still rather be doing something  oh well  gonna eat some tuna then halo it up i guess"
is working on her resume  *sigh*
shazzam!  gonna make the tuna i didn't make yesterday  maybe halo it up  ain't got nothin' better to do 
"if you're ever hungry, but only have 21 cents, go get a side of garlic bread from pass keys"
"is sick of halo, kind of hungry, and ridiculously bored "
sand dunes today  up early all by myself  lookin' forward to it! hooray!
summers over  back to school today  *sigh* it's not so bad i guess
"my exciting classes are both today  hooray! (actually, all of my classes are good)"
don't feel like doing nothing for the next hour and a half  gonna get a burrito from chipotle  hooray
"it's funny how sometimes you have sneaking suspicions about weird, random, totally unlikely things, and they're right "
headed home from school 
doesn't know what to do with herself 
it really sucks when you choke on string cheese and cough it up and it gets stuck in your nose  boo 
never realized how much of a big deal college is to a lot of people  it's just school to me 
using my toshiba instead of the netbook  this thing is monstrous!
"wonders if the orange sorbet from country buffet has artificial sweeteners in it  <propmale> and i made a bet, but their website fails to tell us the necessary information  grr "
apple apple apple apppleeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
so who's excited for the ipod nano with video!!!!
32 gb ipod touch or beatles rockband???
"is sooo happy it's the weekend  gonna watch some svu and <propmale> with <propmale>  maybe a movie here or there, and just take it easy   smile "
"oh wow, you can now tag friends in your posts  <propfirst> swinnich and i should watch svu on netflix when he's done with his homework  party up!"
tuna noodles tuna noodles tuna tuna tuna noodles!
finally got around to devoting more than five minutes to beatles rockband and finished on e playful ert 
"so i was really thirsty but didn't feel like getting up out of bed, and so i decided to drink from a bottle of water that i opened yesterday that was next to my bed  <propmale> freaks out about drinking stale water and says he hopes i get hypothermia and hyperthermia at the same time and i die  it doesn't even make sense "
<propmale> petty superhighway tour yeahhhhhhh
is really excited about the rockies
rockies rock  ice cream rocks  sleep rocks  my dog rocks  status updates rock 
loves pandora  and the new woot shirt 
which word is more advanced    wanted or planning
bishop's castle today  hurray!
wants buffalo wild wings but has nobody to go with 
had a bowl of cereal instead of buffalo wild wings  *sigh* it was good though  <propfemale> bunches of oats plus frosted flakes 
my nose is bugging me
can't believe it's snowing 
tizoc acar dad is finally home from angola! it's good to have him back!
doesn't like being the only person awake at 12:45
has a hockey game today  yay!
is considering taking a nap  don't have a whole lot goin on today 
sleepy time for <propfirst> 
snow snow snow snow snow! i love snow
is pretty sore from like eight hours of hockey yesterday 
is catching up on homework
is on the google wave
<propfirst> loves the snowwww
just sentenced herself to 3 5 more years of school and 106 credit hours  hooray for double <propmale>?
<propfemale> tonight!
qik com spiffysam if you want to see some video i posted from the show - <propfemale>
happy thanksgiving! my family is cooking today! haha  we're special 
"new <propfemale> wasn't as awful as i thought it would be, but it was still pretty bad  it was nice to get out and do something though  thanks skillet "
thank goodness it's friday 
is my bestest <propmale>  -homeskillet (i stole her pooter)
"even if tomorrow is a snow day, i don't have to go to school anyways "
is finally getting around to stuyding for finals
wants to just    go 
is grateful that this semester is over meaning there's no school tomorrow 
was going to get a pastrami sandwich but the place closes at dark  :[
"tried to take as long a shower as she possibly could, but it was only 20 minutes "
"loves it when you put something delicious in the fridge and forget about it, only to discover it later  it's like finding money in a jacket pocket that you haven't worn since april "
loves battle studies 
can unicorns fly?
there ain't nothin like chasin cheereos 
loves clementines 
"i don't remember you lookin' any better    but then again, i don't remember you   love "
realized it's like 3am and i'm still watching weeds  wow  i'm going to bed now 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
is playing with her new tablet  freaking cool 
has been using chrome lately and misses firefox  support for more gestures in the browser and more customizable with add-ons and settings 
"is attempting to organize, tag, and get album <propmale> for 16,836 songs  maybe i'll be done sometime next year "
has finished the a's and the b's  only 24 more letters to go 
cat tail tickling my leg 
has worn a fake flower in her hair all day 
i'm just a dead man lying on the carpet
has a lot to do 
things are good 
third quiz and first test tomorrow  and my first physical therapy appointment! busy day   
is finally getting to bed  too late tonight  too late 
is taking <propfemale> waegele and her crazy boyfriend out to dinner for <propfemale>'s birthday 
has been somewhat of a study-holic lately  that's not really like me 
is welcoming the weekend with open arms 
sleeeeepy time 
doesn't want punxsutawney <propmale>'s prediction of six more weeks of winter to be true 
feels lucky that midterms aren't until the last week of february 
pandora is so good at playing exactly what i want to hear 
"if facebook suggests a friend to me several times a day, does it also suggest me to them several times a day?"
might go to bed early tonight to make the weekend come early 
"is having the best weekend evarrrrr, despite the fact that it's acutally monday, my weekend continues   smile "
i want the old photo uploader back  sad 
is trying to learn to use her pogo sketch
what's with all the coffee posts today?
woo hoo! midterms 
tgif
is having an awesome weekend with <propfirst> dunlap
proxy is the coolest cat everrrr
i am so incredibly thankful for having <propfirst> in my life  he is absoultely amazing  i love him more than i could ever possibly convey with words 
is excited about the <propfirst> mayer concert tomorrow night!
"i thought i was ten minutes late to my first class that starts at eight, until i walked into a different class, and realized that mine actually starts at nine  oops "
"thank you facebook, for fixing the photo uploader "
"is having a long week, missing some people quite a bit, feeling extremely happy, and very much in love "
is so happy to be able to enjoy the weekend with <propfirst> dunlap!  love 
is having a spectacular weekend   love 
is flying above the world 
out seeing a comedian with my buddies  missing someone special 
two days of school left before finals  oh snap 
"thoroughly enjoyed a productive weekend renovating a camper shell with <propfirst> dunlap  it still needs work, but it's coming along  pics, eventually "
freedom!
another great weekend! not a bad way to start summer break!  laugh 
why does it take so long to release final grades?!
won $50 on a scratcher  smile 
"has had a very enjoyable weekend, and is looking forward to spending the next few weeks with <propfirst> dunlap"
is back in colorado  good to be home 
doesn't wanna go to school today 
"is enjoying the summer, despite taking a summer class  smile "
"is back in school  oh, goodie "
goo goo dolls @ red rocks! wooooo!
"had an excellent weekend with <propfirst> dunlap! now, time to get back in the groove for school  sad "
"had an enjoyable evening having a snacknik at the nature center, going to target and wal-mart, and eating dinner at country buffet"
loves the weekends 
won five bucks at the intensity gameshow 
is so happy it's the weekend   smile 
so excited for the weekend  get to spend time with <propfirst> and my brother!
is going to be at the colorado springs pet e playful o today with <propfirst> dunlap and my brother brandin 
had a very nice weekend camping
is not looking forward to her tests tomorrow  ugh 
"loves weekends  \\also does anybody have any ideas for a 4-10 minute video? it can be nearly anything "
"is gonna take a short nap, in order to preserve energy and creativity for the 24 hour film festival that starts in a few hours "
"mmmm, steak and <propmale> "
"mmm, thanksgiving  and there's so much to be thankful for "
"is glad the semester is almost over, and that tizoc acar  is almost home "
"crazy last minute road trip to california  on our way back to colorado, staying in vegas for the night  woo hoo!!!"
is going to create a campus media team club  anyone interested?
wants <propmale> n cheese 
pi day student org fair today  swing by the ouc and say hi to the media team!
just signed <propfemale> up for dog agility  it starts next monday  woo hoo!
"had a nice day today  went to wal-mart and the dog park, and made banana bread, jicama cucumber carrot salad and tuna casserole "
"mmm, peanut butter captain crunch, strawberries, and carrots for dinner  haha  livin' large "
