9a4932caa0e262c3c97963903b12b0dc
brownies and martinellis  smile 
my first comment on 2011  playful 
facebook is making me confused!
i can't believe i have 45 friends already and today's my first day   
just got a straighter and doesn't know how to made those cool curls!
"feels lame for being on facebook all day, and realized so did 15 other people"
loves not having homework at the end of the year  smile 
"just finished \the short second life of <propfemale> tanner\"""""
turned 14
can't wait for the carnival tomorrow  smile 
just got her ears pierced a second time with <propfemale>  love  !
just felt an earthquake!
has a new ipod touch and wants to know good apps!
just got her first french manicure for graduation!
is having the best day!
just cleaned out her backpack
wants everyone who is going to summer school to comment!
is really starting to dislike summer school
"likes to \like\"" things just to \""unlike\"" them """
everyone in summer school- don't forget about the book we have to read!
is eager for it to be the weekend again!
"is missing her red heart sunglasses and her big blue circle shaped sunglasses, anyone know something about it?"
just went shopping!  love 
can't wait to see eclipse!
saw eclipse!  love 
is in lake arrowhead and enjoys all the cute boys  love  ps i finally got unlocked wifi!
can't wait to go to target!
just got new mascara!
"if mr  wagner was a vampire, would he suck human or animal blood?"
why do you blush when you're embarrassed?
what's a meal plan that works for health?
is pleasantly surprised that it's cloudy outside
only one more week of summer school!  love 
is going to get her hair cut today  love 
it's so hot!!! i  love  it
is thinking about ditching summer school    
"is really enjoying herself at borders  i love that front section that's like made for teens, well girl teens anyway!"
"forgot how hilarious 'whose line is it anyway\ is!"""
got a sunburn on her back and the strings from her bikini :[
is leaving for camp today and will be back on friday!
"just got back from camp, and i cried   "
saw inception!
just remembered i have to write that essay of fahrenheit 451  sad 
going to yoga!
just went to the dentist  sad 
wouldn't it be awesome to ride a skate board    on a treadmill?
"leaving for lake arrowhead, be back tuesday  love "
"blehh, i don't feel good  sad "
going to <propfemale>'s
going to the beach!
good night  love 
"if anyone is going to bath & body works, i highly recommend their cup cakes lipgloss  i got red <propfemale>!"
"oops, i was going to work on the essay today! i guess i'll do it tomorrow  sad "
"loves the weather right now, in the shade at least!"
i can't sleep  sad  and being in my ipod right now probably isn't helping!
is excited for tomorrow!
just got to mhs!
"1  math w  glass in 126\2  english w  stengel in 127\3  geography w  duff in 204\4  pe w  moore in pe\5  biology w  ford in 424\6  spanish w  sanchez in ???\9? math science academy w  glass in 126"
just finished typing all the set questions!
a week left of summer already??
happy national waffles day!
"so    hot!\\(i  love  it)"
"back to school \(did you notice the no enthusiasm?)"
best first day of school ever! i think i'm going to love high school  wink 
gotta start that stengel essay    that's due tomorrow
and i wished for hotter weather!  sad 
"for duff's project, how many patterns is the minimum?  wink "
<propfemale>     much     homework!
?que hay de nuevo?
big brother!
"tomorrow's friday! \like\"" if you're excited """
"anyone who was there, i googled it and my 500 pesos <propmale> in worth around 39 dollars! <propfirst> castro was right  wink "
anyone want a hug or a handshake? i just put my fingers in ice water  wink 
"goodbye weekend, i'll miss you  love "
just baked a lot of cookies!  smile 
"to all you twilight haters, happy birthday <propfemale> swan, hahaha  wink "
"just realized she'll have to miss the games on friday  sad  enjoy them for me, but i'll be in <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
just got back from <propfemale> <propfemale>  it was cloudy!  sad 
changed the language to 'pirate' for talk like a pirate day! now i'm going to log off because i can't read anything   playful 
"tomorrow is the international day of peace  i think it's more political, but i'm braiding flowers in my hair ? and probably will wear tie dye  wink "
"brownies or cookies, oh tough decision!"
the day after tomorrow     is friday!  love 
"is gearing up for friday, haha!  wink "
"loved 2nd period today, good gossip  wink "
so excited for this weekend!  love 
just saw yes man!
"i wish people would stop complaining about this awesome weather, and just enjoy it!  smile "
oh i love messing with people!
kaiza and i came early for a movie so we snuck into you again  playful 
deep fried oreos are the best!!  love 
oh    there was math homework??
"walked home in the rain  sad  now i'm eating instant lunch, with chopsticks  laugh "
$$ is going to start working! $$
i like it in my closet  wink 
today was horrible! i lost my spanish textbook d:
"if you could od on cookies, i think i would be dead  smile "
going to the game!
wish me luck on my new job  love 
annoying people annoy me 
"mmm, making cookies for the good foods club!"
" love  glee was amazing! hahaha, at least the last 10 minutes were  wink "
animal style fries  smile 
"six billion secrets is for people who want attention, badly "
i just got a new computer chair!
"got to go to bed! busy day tomorrow  smile \i  love  you lz  wink "
so many test and projects this week! can't wait for tomorrow  laugh 
i guess i shouldn't start projects the night before they're due    i want to play late night!
i'll be helping out at the <propmale> dance! i've got to get some volunteer hours  smile 
why is there homework assigned on halloween weekend?  sad 
there are going to be a lot of days off this month  laugh  so excited!  love 
"i dislike people who are: liars, fake, desperate, pushy, impatient, and smart-asses  did i leave anything out?  wink "
"i just wanted everyone to know that i am now officially stalking all of you  thanks to the new \see friendship\""  wink """
i was eating m&m's and then the bag e playful loded all over my keyboard! haha but i left them on there because i feel like the kittens from aristocats playing the piano  smile 
"so tomorrow is veteran's day and i know a lot of you are just happy to have the day off  well i'm going to remember the soldiers by    playing sims!  love  (ha ha, maybe i'll make a sim in the military!)"
just tried pandora for the first time   smile  what did i start with? led zeppelin of course!  love 
"grr, wanting to play sims and remembering you have homework  sad "
is duff's project 3 or 4 paragraphs?
when's the game?
long weekends bring out the fat kid inside me  smile 
anyone have some tips for babysitting ?
just finished babysitting  smile 
just got home  wink  i've been sshhhooopppppiiinnngggg!
glee was amazing  love 
nooooo! <propfemale> won  sad  i'm going to go cry 
what is this about cartoons?
"our profile pictures should be cartoons, right? well what better for me than to have a sim!  wink "
what do you usually charge for babysitting? is 9-10 too much? is 5 too little?
"yep, today is the day i'll be facebook creepin'!"
"is the point of a poke war to poke back fast?? if so, i'm losing    haha i thought i was bothering people!"
"<propfemale> holguin, <propfemale> gonzalez, and <propfirst> weber are awesome at the poke wars, but i'll win  laugh "
finally finished duff's collage     finally!
"i don't like these things, but this one looks fun annoyed type your name: <propfirst> weber\with your elbow: k,erll;yhg werb edrft\with your nose: i3oo6 w3gbh34 (my forehead keep hitting the keyboard!)\with your eyes closed: <propfirst> weber\put this as your status and don't erase your mistakes!"
"okay, we've had the whole day    now i'm tired of the rain!"
what's this about lil waine being gay?
"google translate has \chinese\"" as a language! but not mandarin?"""
"i had a great crafty day, i made ornaments!  smile "
going to the mall with grannie!
"when the sun came out earlier this morning, i thought the storm was over    nope  sad "
just got a beta fish! but it's only temporary 
i bought the first assassin's creed!
the social network was a great movie! but why did the founder have to be such a <propmale>?
i hear jingle bells!  love 
"great, i wake up from a dream about drugs on christmas! <propfemale> christmas  laugh "
"hey everyone who has an ipod, ea apps are on sale! i got the sims 3 for my touch for only a dollar! monopoly too"
at best buy they're selling assassin's creed: brotherhood for $35!!! so i bought it  smile 
does anyone have radiant shadows or last sacrifice?
just got a manicure and pedicure!  love 
is at merengues  smile 
does anyone know a good website that has the <propmale> and <propfemale> script but also the line <propfirst>?
one day i wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice  wink 
rock band ftw 
just got little big planet 2!
google maps makes me feel like a stalker
"confession #1\i hate when people do these things "
have a 6 flags day!
likes when pandora gets the song you want  smile 
"ahh, finished duff's project!  smile "
making cookies for <propfirst>'s day! heart shaped?  love 
glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee  glee   smile 
ke - dollar sign - ha   laugh 
nooooooooooooooooooooooo    <propfirst> bieber got a hair cut!
"ughh math, i'm going to need to start going to tutoring!"
i didn't realize across the universe was so amazing   
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together  smile 
facebook from bed? yes please!
i came on the computer to     do my homework?
"ahhh, enough time to shower before glee??? indecision!"
see you guys in 40 days!
