b90d04d25fbd8e7c20896a3489a99734
happy new years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
alrite so i hav a quick question 4 anyone w  an answer    how did birdman get his name?
headed 2 vacation bible school
"checked into heartbreak hotel on thursday, i was told i wasn't alone friday, today i think reality is just starting to sink in   "
happy independence day!!!!!
still trying 2 find something 2 eat
just realized how big gogo is to black people    i'll never be the same
church teen retreat later   
global warming is coming two days before the day after tomorrow so dance with me the dance of life
is bored out of her skull 
excited about being a seniorita  smile 
is die of boredom possible?     cuz if so i think im in trouble
could use a good 12 hour nap     surprise )
really wsh i were at the lil <propmale> concert right now   
judging by the updates i see im guessing friday hasnt been nice for a lot of people   maybe the date skipped to the 13th while we weren't looking   
i think i need a windows computer   
homework! yay!
bored to tears   
naptime   
knights vs  mavericks tonight!!!
is moving    to d c    this tuesday   ?
bored and tired
ever feel like not really wanting to go out but feeling obligated to do so? well thats pretty much my status for the day   no offence guys
last day in nc   
leaving saturday   maybe   
is finally gonna start packing tomorrow   
hates packing   
ugh    cant think of anything worse than to be hungry and broke
school tomorrow!   
bored out of my skull   
g'night all
i really miss everybody in nc  sad 
found something decent to wear to homecoming  smile      now to buy the ticket   
i hate being bored   
"cant stand being confused, stupid people, people that can't drive, movies that don't make sense and yellow women with alter intentions    and what was that doing in her drawer?!"
if i could kill thing in the world it would be the effing sat   
finally started the application process  smile  maybe i'll be able to get into school after all!
 smile 
help 
 wink 
friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
ughh   
happy thanksgiving everybody!
has caught the itis   
somebody please tell me how and why im having a snow ball fight in my grandma's basement     smile 
is bored outta her skull   
no school tomorrow
dying of boredom    help please  sad 
how is it possible to loose you phone charger on the way to the car?
sooo jsut finished picking out and wrapping my own christmas presents for this year    <propfemale> christmas everybody  smile 
my momma's here!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
sooo    im almost positive christmas was a practical joke this year   
is kinda blown right now    i just found out that my mom and dad get to go party with <propmale> songs and drake but i dont get to because of my age   
 playful 
"to be what cha is, ya gotta be what cha are, only thing im missin is a black guitar  playful "
new years <propfemale> and no plans    help 
is actually ready to go back to school smh
"we're an army, better yet a navy, better yet crazy, guns in the air  wink "
i think its kinda funny how the people you trust your heart with know exactly how to break it   
what in the world is a trick bag?
too bad i've started calling weekends mental health days   
cant decide why i never wear skirts    there is absolutely nothing wrong with them   
gotta get outta here 
1) inhale deeply 2) wait 5 seconds 3) scream till you pass out 4) repeat till june 1st
umm    i don't know how to log out now   
really not looking forward to being snowed in again   
    bleck 
to whom it may concern: help me!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for all the love guys i really appreciate it  laugh   love 
*inhaling* ughhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! alright im finished 
     playful 
my accidental happily ever after  smile 
everytime i watch south park i can feel my brain rotting and yet    i love it  laugh ddd
is bored otta her skull
sooo   spring break 2010   *sigh*
too bad i have to kill my sister   
help 
how come music videos dont have to have anything to do with the songs they're for?
blazing dead at in the back of his throat    smh
blazing dead rat in the back of his throat    <propfirst> <propmale> smh
too bad it took a fish looking boy for my sister to realize shes crazy hahahahahah!  laugh  made my day  laugh 
hmm fun day today has been    (plez note sarcasm)
looking at other people's prom pics makes me excited again  smile 
is it friday?
bout to be the second longest week ever   
one down one to go  smile 
does the boondocks have a new cartoonist?
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour?"
water boy is on  laugh 
   my friends    smh  smile 
i don't have to share a phone anymore!!! i don't have to share a phone anymore!!
my day has been made and it's only 12 surprise 0  smile 
and the word of the day is 'audacity'
really excited about my graduation present its a joke but it makes me happy  smile 
 laugh 
i think i've committed a crime being up so early after going to bed so late     smh
sooo    freshmen orientation     annoyed 
finally free!!!! aggie pride!!!
sooo    just saw the videos for te amo and rock <propfemale>   
field trip time!  smile 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
no work monday!  laugh 
we're not gonna take it! no! we aint gonna take it! we're not gonna take it anymore!!!
finally home  laugh 
i am the spark that makes your idea bright the aame spark that lights the dark so that you can know your left from your right
"pack up your troubles in your old <propfemale> bag and smile, smile, smile   smile "
shoot 4 days till i move into aggieland   
hmm  last day until we take the second <propfemale> to left to get to aggieland
pretty much settled in but my roommate isnt here yet so i think im single for the night   
this is not the matrix but i am the oracle  do you wanna get with me the question is rhetorical  wink  jk but not really
"test everything  hold on to the good  avoid every kind of evil \thessalonians 5:21-22"
is really missing chipotle  sad 
im comin home  smile 
"someone please tell me why they're playing \omg down here like its new    -_____-"""
i whip my hair back and forth!
skype oovoo: jamye schofield
who aree youuuu? who aree yoouuuuuuuu?!
you know you go to an hbcu when: theres a ghetto car show going on outside your cafeteria      feel free to add on if you'd like
hmm drake  smile 
today has been a rollercoaster   
"lovin you is like a song i replay, every 3 minutes and 30 seconds of everyday  love "
sooo    im supposed to be writing a paper right now     annoyed 
<propfemale> im home!!!
 playful 
sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me  smile 
is quite bored -___- but eyyy 2 more days!
and the countdown begins  laugh 
*sigh still at a&t    hurry up padre!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is finally home  smile 
damn is it really december already?
fwd: hey where are you?
why the hell is it snowing????!!!!!!
"[important!!]people change your profile pics back to you cuz the group that told us all to change our pics to our fav cartoon characters were a group of paedophiles they're doing it because kids will accept their requestsfaster if they see a cartoon pic, it's got nothing to do with    supporting child violence  [check the news tonight    & pass it on!]2"
why is there a bat in my building right now???
you see some weird stuff livin here in the hood
i dont trust anything that can bleed for 7 days and survive  - <propmale> stacker's uncle
finally home christmas  smile 
when theres trouble you know who to call  smile 
woke up this afternoon (not going to fake) with my 10 yr old neighbor kid hovering over me watching me sleep o o
sooo    poppa has a shake weight he's trying to push on everyone   ?
>=[
"saw the eclipes and a shooting <propfemale>, my night has been made  smile "
reeally need to get outta the house today   
g'night facebook sweet dreams  love 
<propfemale> christmas facebook  smile ))
nighty night
ugh *sigh* -__-
"sound is my remedy, beat gives me energy, music is all i need  smile "
back in aggieland
   snow flurries    whelp if it actually sticks and classes are cancelled tomorrow i guess i'll tolerate them   
(in sing song voice) no school! no school! *insert cabbage patch and maybe a robot here* the flurries have done their job!  laugh  now back to sleep *zzz*
so as it turns out the devil wears rain boots lol  love  enigmatic essence
<propfemale>    vanstory is under attack    smh
wheres an ice creme truck when you need it   -__-
sooo appearently i cant fall asleep anywhere without random pictures being taken smdh
nighty night fb sweet dreams
why does hearing green and yellow by <propmale> actually make me defensive? im not even a real steelers fan   ?
noticed the reflection pool being cleaned today  its only a matter of time now -__-
food would be great rgt now 
nighty night facebok
where did you come from lady and ooo wont you take me there right away won't you baby -pyt  love 
thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone you'e really helping to make my day brighter   love 
tank tops and skirts in february  gotta love greensboro  love  too bad i feel like is gong o be 20 degrees in a couple of days -__-
<propfemale>  smile 
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along, 4 words are harder than you think"
feelin like spongebob in rock bottom missin these busses smh
sooo    whats the story behind april fools day that it needed to be named a holiday?
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, etc  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, is fighting cancer or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
what has the world come to? smh    smh
