69adae32cb076bf219e0d856ef233008
misses the kitty-cats
i have amazing friends + family
"dear <propfemale>, next year i just want a smaller ass "
"i wanna be there tonight, i wanna get there but it's just outta sight- i took a river, it felt so slight so hold on  (spoon)"
"in the cathedrals of ny & rome, there is a feeling that you should just go home, and spend a lifetime finding out just what that is "
it's hard to believe the wind when it touches me- is it just the way that i long to touch you? (apollo sunshine)
"when ima walking i strut my stuff and i'm so strung out, i'm high as a kite i just might stop you check you out   "
wooh! marathoners
nicaragua?! siiiii
'how many times do i have to learn all the love i have is in my mind?'
"\three little birds sat on my window and they told me i don't need to worry  summer came like cinnamon- so sweet \"""""
"sleep prn, coffee stat"
"hugs and kisses qd, pillow talks prn"
"cold, in sweaty clothes, and imprisoned in the library <propmale> computers, until i figure out how i would fix medicare"
saving necks and cashing checks
i really miss my laptop
"your hands are shaking cold, but your hands were meant to hold- so even when your hope is gone move along like i know you do (american rejects)"
que descanse en <propfemale> pepe
i'm taller than someone!
"<propfemale> hills, that's where i want to be!! (gimme gimme)"
"a little drunkl right now, 2pm  smile "
"homesick, tired, and very unprepared to deal with this bullshit  crying "
"go ahead, release your fears  stand up and be counted, don't be ashamed to cry "
booked it!!!!!!
bidmc offered me a position!!!! yessss
"i made friends with a green bug, i feel so zen right now  smile "
"omg, he made the atomic bomb!! and sent it to <propfemale> island!!"
woooh!! spaniards!
cried @ work today and left early  trip home tentatively shortened to aug31st (am)>aug2nd (pm) to make up the difference
some will fall in love with life and drink it from the fountain that is pouring like an avalanche coming from the mountain
omg inception was so good!!! and <propfirst> gordon-levitt got gorgeous!!
"jersey, family & kitty-cats 31st-2nd"
i think someone withheld my paycheck for not being their psychologist on call this weekend 
"home saturday, sunday, part monday  smile "
"maybe i know somewhere, deep in my soul- that love never lasts  and we have to find other ways to make it alone and keep a straight face  and i've always lived like this, keeping a comfortable distance  up until now i had sworn to myself that i'm content with loneliness, because none of it was ever worth the risk  (the only exception)"
could we pretend that airplanes are shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now
drinking the rest of my liquor in the fridge     and packing
nobody likes you when you're 23   
do you believe in <propfemale>? because i feel like it's kicking me in the ass right now
i feel like i aged 5 years this summer
"first time ever that math is really not my friend   tsp, kg, lb, cc,ml, mcg"
"counting down, grasping at straws and jaded- how am i not supposed to think this is the price someone pays for loving me!?"
mfa college night next thursday! who's with me?
"nesting, finally  smile "
thanks all for the birthday love  love 
massive hiccup
i need a coffeemaker    it's just that simple
jaw clicking is freaking me out!
biicycle! biiiiiiicycle!
rip macbookpro you were good to me
massive attack & thievery corp next tues
"this is cancer awareness month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy & paste  i was proud to  will you?"
all i wanna do is     bicycle biiicycle
i miss my bed  sad  rendevous @ 4p?!
"i don't know why you say goodbye, i say hello"
"so take me home where the mood is mellow and the roses are red and the <propfemale> is yellow, and the lightbulbs around my mirror don't flicker"
"snuggling, listening to <propfirst> mayer"
check your pulse it's proof that you're not listening to the call that life's been issuing you
i want a puppy
to hold my <propfemale> cats
"when you're dreaming wtih a broken heart, the waking up is the hardest part"
"it's a long long getaway- make it home again  i can't see the thief that lives inside of your head, but i can leave some courage at the side of your bed"
i want a dragon named toothless!
"there was a time when my world was filled with darkness, then i stopped dreaming, now i'm supposed to fill it up with something  in your eyes i see the eyes of somebody i knew before, someone from long ago  but i'm still trying to make my mind up- am i free or am i tied up? i change shapes just to hide in this place but i'm still an animal  (<propmale> dunn love )"
cooking black beans and snuggling c fam in t-24  smile 
really should invest in waterproof mascara
i wish i were asexual    and that they still did lobotomies
"changeyour facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood andinvite your friends to do the same  until monday, dec  06, there shouldbe no human faces on facebook but an invasion of memories  this is forviolence against children"
black hole sun won't you come and wash away the rain?
looking for firewood   
all of the sudden i miss everyone
all of the sudden i miss everyone
"running home, it warrants long goodbyes"
"on intersection of all dimensions, where i was stopping by just for a drink- i meet a brother from tribal connection and together we began to sing: we're guna turn frustration into inspiration, whatever demons are there, we're guna set them free"
tricked myself into thinking playing old video games was just as productive as studying  sad 
"the dog days are over, the dog days are done- can you hear the horses??? you'd better run"
"greenwich village funeral home 199 bleecker 12 26 2-5p, 7-9p"
"so faith, hope, and love remain, these three; but the greatest of these is love  1cor13:13"
"how the heart bends- and summer she sends a sky that refuses to die  with weeds of sea that wrap 'round our knees and a sun that's too bright to go down- you come around, you come around ~(what the snowman learned about love)  love "
