5c8b838136fa3da3693ea8fae7ff4b46
fork in the road  
doesn't want to go back  
is over it
three pairs of shoes for under $50  i love shopping  
just watched her fish pop out baby fish   ?
i want to go to the beach     sad 
stuck at home  
going shopping  smile 
back from pensacola  
warped tour in 6 hours!!!!!
"is giddy, creeped out, and kind of confused"
counting down the days     annoyed 
"is a \reverse cougar\""   thanks <propfirst>  smile """
last day of work  annoyed 
had joined the former spot employee club     annoyed 
is trouble 
is packing
is hanging out with <propfirst>  smile 
is with jennah!!  smile 
is avoiding the list of things to do
three days   
bye tampa   
is all moved in
disney <propfemale> dishes? hell yes!
classes start tomorrow  annoyed 
's math teacher is an idiot   
this is waaaaaay to easy   
has already finished her homework for the day  weekend starts tomorrow!!
made <propfemale> rodgers proud by walking to all of her classes in heels 
is at <propfemale>'s house in niceville
back at the dorm  almost called it home  strange  
got a care package from her little brother   laugh  it made my day  he's the best little brother in the whole wide world 
just took her first college quiz   
going to a show  smile 
"found a mini ybor in pensacola  it's like czar, resevoir, janus landing and a old time western saloon in one building   laugh "
is kinda homesick   
misses skatepark of tampa  a lot 
"got her first college test back  b  eh, i'll survive "
is going to seville
is sick   
thinks its lame that 1 2 gal  milk is $2 29 and apples are $1 89 lb    no wonder theres a freshman 15   
killer lose on my college campus  sweet!
95% on my algebra test? when did i get good at math??
is really starting to regret going so far away   
cookie dougggghhhh  laugh 
is going to the boggy bayou mullet festival
got a letter from jennah blau  smile 
so so so so so so super excited for tomorrow!!!!!
halloween weekend  smile ]]]]
haircut?
three 8 <propfemale> research papers due on the same day  awesome 
hurricane party anyone?
had to buy and external hard drive for my music   
is going rock climbing
"addicted to xbox 360  <propmale>, you made my weekend "
meteor shower tonight  i'm hyped 
"you get calluses from playing guitar, i get calluses from climbing synthetic rocks all day "
can't wait to come home!!!!
home was awesome  smile  <propfemale> is officially the coolest (female) dog ever 
's hands are killing her  so many blisters   
just watched spice world and american psycho  odd combination? i think so 
got a fake christmas tree in the mail    thanks <propmale>   
is home  smile 
wants to go to ybor soon
is working at spot again  smile 
needs an outfit for the ghetto christmas party   
outfit shopping!!!
ghetto xmas tonight!!!  smile 
feels good  smile 
back at school   
frustrated
waffle house for dinner is the way to go
is excited for comp 2 today  smile 
is on a search for a new lap top
really dislikes pharmacies and doctors offices that screw you over   
is having the strangest dreams   
   vikings?
they make really good veggie wraps here  
misses her dogs  sad 
dyed her hair again
is not particularly hyped for tomorrow morning  annoyed 
is relieved  smile  good news from doctors is always nice
is losing her patients 
this is awkward   
is super excited about the oarfish  look it up 
going home this weekend  smile 
best  weekend  ever 
is hyped
is procrastinating  
is getting as much work done before spring break as possible   
is very ready for it to be warm again
needs a ride to tampa for spring break
can not wait to be home  smile 
is all packed up and ready to go  smile 
is home  smile 
mind  blown 
last day in tampa  annoyed 
back in pensacola   annoyed 
room selections today
will officially be living in an apartment with <propfemale> next year 
finally gets to wear shorts  smile  i love warm weather
went to the beach today  and got really sunburned 
is slowly going from burned to super tan  smile 
needs to start working out regularly so i can keep my girlish figure  
less than 40 days til summer!
is a little frightened by the coincidences happening between me and <propfemale> karpowich 
wants waffle house 
just realized she has 420 friends   =j
is ready for the beach
is soaking up the sun!
just got a shoe box full of easter <propfemale> from her aunt  i'm so hyped right now  smile 
won a fish today  smile 
beach today  beach tomorrow  canoeing sunday 
going canoeing then hitting the beach
is turning into a beach bum
only 20 days left of school!!
"has awesome classes next semester, but is not super hyped on summer classes  "
is watching <propmale> cartoons on youtube  smile 
redrum
dude  kick ass was epic 
happy holiday everyone!
first final on saturday
will be home this time next week  smile 
"one down, two to go"
just woke up
"two down, one to go"
is officially done with her freshman year of college 
is home  laugh 
has a 3 6 gpa  hell yes 
productive day ahead!
needs something to do   
can't wait to start working
work in the morning
you have got to be kidding   
is baking deliciousness and cooking dinner 
having a paycheck again feels damn good
pop-tarts and juice boxes taste twice as good at 3 smile 0 a m 
had fun last night
over it
is home from work and hyped for tomorrow
made the <propfirst>'s honor list at college
so excited for the rain that's coming down  smile 
gettin paid today
looking forward to the future  smile 
has been doing homework literally all day  super over it 
birthday in a week  smile 
is hanging out with jennah blau  smile 
oh usa    first game and you're already blowing it   
germany australia  hell yes 
tomorrow  smile 
pancakes for breakfast    hell yes  about to celebrate with the fam  smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
just got an 80% on her first stats test    holy jesus that sucked
is going shopping with <propfemale> bibiloni  smile 
is doing homework in the snack bar at 8 a m    mega lame
no work til thursday  bored already 
pissed   just put her goddamn ipod through the wash   wtf really?
just found out her test isn't until next weekend  hell yes 
really close to being over it    scratch that  i'm over it 
watching <propfemale> in wonderland with <propfemale> bibiloni
doing math homework with <propfemale> bibiloni
hello usf st  <propmale> 
warped tour tomorrow  smile 
math test     annoyed 
's phone is working again  smile 
registering for classes today   kinda nervous
is finally signed up for all her classes
happy birthday jennah blau!!!! love of my life!
needs a ride to pensacola
is really really frustrated 
lunch and dinner with jennah blau? must be my lucky day!  laugh 
going to sign the lease on her new apartment today!
road trip to pensacola thursday and friday  
"dear staturday night, i hate you  thank you for stealing my phone and ruining everything  love, <propfirst> "
"oh verizon, why are you being so difficult?"
doesn't like not having a phone  
"new phone, new number   "
doesn't like having class on saturdays   
can't sleep   
is moving today
is making brownies with the new roommates  smile 
baltimore 
flying home  smile 
"is confused, frustrated, and pretty close to being over it "
found out class was cancelled once she got to campus   again 
biked 24 <propmale> today 
"dear blank, please blank "
wants to not be sick anymore   
"just tried to high five, but ended up smacking our elbows instead   "
disney has the best songs 
fuck this 
pirate party
allons-y!
is apparently not sleeping tonight  
"needs a third roommate  it would be the master bedroom, $450 a month, utilities included  hit me up if you're interested"
house is wonderfully clean  smile 
needs a job 
halloween party tonight  smile 
has had a really damn good past few days  
destroyed her thumb in a car door last night   still bleeding 
has so much unnecessary crap going on   
is ready to move  now 
just got a spot in one of the most important classes for her <propmale>  second semester is not lost 
has one class and two exams left  then helloooooo winter break!
is officially done with the semester  hell yes 
is eating lunch in her new apartment 
officially moved in 
first day of classes   yay?
just said thank you to an automated response system for transferring my call   
