830a65002dfcf159f0f879801b05c035
": this is the year  this year has finally come  this is our year seniors  this is what we have been waiting for since we were born  but not only graduation, but this year is going to be the most magical year for everyone  i can't wait to see what this year brings "
am i the only one e playful eriencing that facebook tonight isn't working?
"says the door is open, but time is the enemy  hoping that this will help a lot"
"says that time is now against him, n is hoping for the best "
"did everything he did, now, time is killing him"
"still has to wait, but has a really bright future "
"says he is luving wat the past, cause it made me who i am 2day, n who i am 2day is making a good future 4 me  thank u my past "
is doing chores  check back every 10mins starting at 5pm
has 2 do a chore that requires no internet  done until 2nite maybe
"is going 2 wait, n do wat he thinks is best"
is watching lsu fight for the world series championship!!!!!!
is watching lsu fight for the college world series championship!!!!!!!!!!! 9-4- lsu
says that lsu needs 3outs to win!!!!!!
champions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
says this week was the best week so far this summer 
can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"can't wait n had a blast thursday nite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! rev's r 1-0, n won 7-6!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is doing it wednesday
"says he'll b back in a few, dinner time"
"back from dinner, but b back again after a shower, then b on all nite"
is back 4 the nite n can't wait 4 2morrow
has a big thing 2 do 2day
"has music, has food, has soda, has the wii, ooo, it's going 2 b a sweet weekend "
is being chased by cops
escaped the cops w  ease
happy 4th of july everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! have a safe holiday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is really happy
has 3 more days to suffer
"angry  facebook isn't working 4 me  trying 2 c older posts, but <propfemale> i click it, it repeats all posts that r on the <propfemale>  <propfemale>t 2 a different <propfemale> a few times, logged back in, nothing "
is very happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so many things r going very well!!!!!!!!
"is heading off the bed really early tonite  had a big day of work, but goig to have a better day of chillin  going 2 the park w  a friend, rev's game w  2friends, n spending the nite at a friends whom i haven't <propmale> out w  this summer  nite every1"
"didn't sleep at all last night  5 smile 0am-10 smile 0am  probably because i am excited for today  park, rev's, friends house  be out all day!!!! have a nice day everyone "
"had a perfect day, a day that won't be forgotten, except that there wasn't a rev's game, wrong night, but oh well, still at a friends house  have a nice night everyone!!!!!!!!!!"
"finally did what he had to do for the night, and can't wait to tell her"
"says that everything is done, except the \r\"""""
is going to plan out the rest of the week tomorrow with a few phone calls 
"needs to plan out the week with a few phone calls, but mainly one phone call!!!!!!! and i was waiting for the 1-year anniversary since australia  haha, i miss that place  ^7-1-09^"
"can't wait to <propfemale> with her even more, and is missing australia  ^7-1-09^ (via dsi)"
"is going to see <propmale> potter at 12am!!!!!!! and then hanging with her tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!! hopes to go camping thursday, and work on friday and saturday, and sunday, well, i'll update later  one year since australia!!! ^7-1-09^"
"is working on getting back his health for the next few weeks, by regulating the sleep schedule  hoping this new idea gets my life back on track  ^7-1-09^"
"says that the health is starting to return it feels like!!!! had a very busy weekend, and more busy days are to come, but it'll be worth it one day  14days until crash week!!!!!!!!!! (for those who are in the 09-10 marching band  ^7-1-09^"
"is hoping that he is able to go out tonight and tomorrow  haha, busy with chores!!!!!!! 11days until crash week (for all 2009-2010 band members) ^7-1-09^"
"has a long work night tonight  a party of 80people, but i can do it  i know my stress releiver  had a good week   laugh ays until crash week for all of people in the 2009-2010 band season!!!!! ^7-1-09^"
"had a very busy work day, and wasn't my day either (speed wise)  didn't feel fast, and it was the busiest day i have e playful erienced  oh well, i'll be back though  9day until crash week for all people in the 2009-2010 season  ^7-1-09^"
has a busy thursday  band practice tonight!!!!!!!!! 3days until crash week for all who is in the 2009-2010 marching band season!!!!!!!!!!! ^7-1-09^
is starting to get upset about his friends once again  don't want to go down this road again  it was hard enough the first time 
says that it isn't his fault for what happened in the band  don't be blaming me for doing my job 
says that it isn't my fault for what happened in the band  don't be blaming me for doing my job 
"had a tiring monday  worked on the house, soccer practice, and band practice  this all leads up to one thing- i want a cheeseburger"
"is waiting for my schedule to come in, and the deed has officially been done  to most of you guys, you will find out in the first three days of next week "
"is at work, and the deal has been done  most of you guys will find out next week "
is home from work and is going to get a shower now  be back soon
"is so very seriously tired  soccer has wiped me out, but i'm having a good time!!"
"is majorly tired from our soccer game against dallastown  the score doesn't matter  what matters is how we played, and we really played hard  i believe we'll have more success than what people around the county will think  and when we face dallastown again, it'll be a better game than the first one "
"has a good game at central coming up!!!!!! it's going to be one h@$$ of a game, just like dallastown was  if we play our hearts out like we did tuesday, we'll show that york high soccer isn't a push around team anymore  go york high"
"is totally excited for the saints season this season  devoured the lions, and the eagles are next  yall might be at home, but these saints are going to be that sleeper team this year  nfc south title, nfc championship title, and superbowl title to come for us!!!!! saints 1-0, 45-27"
"has a good day coming up with the saints beating the eagles really badly  haha, saints are 2-0 for the first time since our remarkable nfc championship year, and our next few opponents might need to watch out for us  2-0, 93-29, perfect start so far "
"says that we might have lost, but the loss really is an eye opener for us  we got off track on how good we really are, and this loss really shows us that we need to get back on track, and play like we did against dallastown and central  embarrassing, but still, good for us "
"doesn't know any information upon the game tonight  all i'm doing is going down to the field, and waiting until 6pm, and if no one shows, well, i'm going home "
"says that them saints are 3-0 for the first time since that best season ever back in 2006  home against the jets next week  haha, 4-1 in football, not so bad, but in about 6weeks, the \train\"" (central football) is stopping in york if it didn't stop anywhere else """
hopes people comes down to small's field at 6 smile 0 to watch this #1 band do it's job on the field 
says that those bearcats wouldn't be 6-0 without this #1 band!!!!!!!!!!
misses australia and the friends
- go phillies!!!!!!!!  8-6 over thos dodgers in l a  going for another title it seems  keep it going!!!!
"- go phillies!!!!!!!! 8-6 over thos dodgers in l a  going for another title it seems  keep it going!!!! now that is why phillies have a <propmale> to win the world series  they might not have the best record, but they have the best road record tied with the angels"
is never playing soccer in this type of weather again 
"says that just when you believe another upset is going to happen, the game gets tied up  come on angels, beat them yanks  get home field"
"- halftime: saints 34- giants 17  saints are living it up today  brees is having a perfect day (17-21, 3 touchdown passes), and the saints are 4-5 in the red zone  go saints!!"
": another update- not even 4th quarter, and the saints are up against the gaints 41-17 "
"had a busy sunday, and did good!! haha, had a decent weekend, can't wait to end the week with a promise that this november was a better month than october, and can't wait until next week's match up against the patriots!! 10-0 saints over the bucs in original fashion, just like i knew we would and had to "
is annoyed that practically all ways to talk to people is down for a few days  i can't live w out communicating!!!!
doesn't care that the saints lost  i'm more happier because now we are going to kill opponents  teams should have wanted us to win because now we ain't going to lose anymore games this season  one win and we clinch home since minnesota lost as well 
": i hope everyone has the best christmas of their lives yet, and i hope everyone got everything they wanted  i know i'm going to get what i want and that is to <propfemale> out with my family and friends, which is better than anything, even a saints game  well, <propfemale> christmas to all and have a great holiday "
"is working on itunes today  computer is being stupid and slow, but i got work to do, so i'll be on and off throughout the day "
:  see everyone next year hopefully!!!!!!  smile 
gets a break with the saints this week  i get to watch them on tv instead of online today  go saints carolina!!!!!
is needing sleep tonight  got a big exciting week this week  this week is the start of the best year ever!!!!!!! 2010 rocks!!!!!!!!!
"slept well last night and is wondering on what is happening on today and this week  so excited to see everyone again, and to get back in class to get them grades up again  2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"hopes tuesday is a better day, but i doubt it  it's going to be too long, and it's too long away from what i need to do that i started, but couldn't finish  you may ask what is wrong, probably won't say, so get ready "
is going to have a better day than e playful ected  things turned around a little overnight and should be fixed tonight 
"is needing to get his sleep schedule back on track, and then life will be back on track!!! life is good again from just one 40min talk from one person  they know who they are, and i thank you!!!"
"wants the happiness to come of 2010  this is not what i have e playful ected just yet this year  nothing  things aren't going as well as e playful ected or wanted to  not saying what happened due that it's personal, private, and valuable where it's a deep secret to a good friend of mine that i was special enough to know, but yet, didn't help me out in the long run "
": #1 saints, vs  #2 vikings for the nfc championship, just like everyone wanted  now we need the chargers to win so it can be the top four teams for the championship round  in the end, #1 saints vs  #2 chargers"
": okay, so the chargers didn't win, i'm good with that  that just means that the colts will win against the jets, and the saints will beat the vikings, and wouldn't you want the top two seeds to face off for the #1 spot of the season? i would  let's have that happen, and saints won't blow it"
"has a day of stuff to do and college stuff to do as well  working hard, going to enjoy tonight!! happy mlkjr day everyone, and hope everyone's day is going as e playful ected, but if it isn't, well, sorry about that and i wish for you to have a better ending of the day!!"
"has great news, but i'll report back after dinner"
": got the best news this year so far and i got my old job back! i was walking on hom from track, and walking by <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s, and they were celebrating 20years of being in business, and then they seen me, called me in, asked if <propfirst> (my neighbor and son of the owner) called me and i said no, and they said that they need a dishwasher again due that the other one had to quit  i start friday again!!"
saints!!!!!!!!!!! go and face dem colts!!!!!!
"is going to enjoy work tonight!! and rest in the morning!! haha, wonder what's happening on saturday?? hmmmmmmmm            "
": haha, hey, it's snowing!! betwen 10pm and 5am, it's a 62 5% <propmale> of a good snowfall, between 3-6, 83% <propmale>!!!"
: go saints!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
saints!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
":another snowfall, another day of shoveling!! haha, oh well  i'm going to work hard because in the end, i will be rewarded  going to work on things that i need to work on when i feel like it  soon to those people waiting for stuff  peace out and be careful everyone! saints!!!!!! 1607"
"has to go shovel  here comes the back pain, but oh well, it's for a purpose  congrats saints and 1606days left"
": let's go duke!! saints won their championship, now it's your turn, then the hornets if they get their act together  1606days!! 4days!!"
": saints superbowl champs, duke beats unc, hornets get together, school going well, family issues are well, loving my friends, man life is going well, and i'm soon going to be 18, where it seems the weather is going to give me a 6-day weekend (yes people, i don't think we'll have school on friday!!)  life is rolling!!!!!!!!!!"
thanks the weather because now he has a 6-day weekend instead of a 3-day weekend for his b-day!! can't wait for that!! wish an old friend would talk to me again though 
is a little annoyed by some people thinking we are antarctica now and by how we were hit by two blizzards 
"has one day left until he's finally 18!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! where has the time gone? i don't know, but i do know that every day is getting better and life is getting better and i believe i'm soon going to hit a hot streak of goodness!!"
has when his computer is slow  can't get anything done 
": at 5pm, on this date 18years ago, a miracle happened in the latham family; a baby boy named <propfirst> <propfirst> latham  18 years later, he has learned a lot and still is learning, but isn't giving up on learning and nothing can stop him  he has a great life and he might have had rough times (father passing away as his hardest time) in life, but his life couldn't have set him up any better than it has done "
"wants to thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  i did have a wonderful day and got everything i wanted, even w  a few things  thanks again, i hoped your valentines day was good, and didn't have any defects  weather update for people in york- we're not going to get big amounts of snow  just a dusting  school on time then!"
"had a so-so week  well, it started off well w  me turning 18, but then it felt like <propfemale> overs on tuesday and wednesday, but c<propfemale>ed my schedule up a little, and thursday and friday were perfect  had a tiring saturday though  slept for like 7hours and woke up and still was tired which is unusual  but another week is coming and i'm ready!!"
"is taking advantage of this snow day by working, and finishing, up in my room  got the music, somewhat of the warmth (darn wind hitting my windows keeps it cold), but i have the motivation to get it done "
"wants to say congrats to everyone that was in west side story  that was an excellent play and i give it more than 5 stars  and the ending was a huge shocker, but a great turn around  again, congrats "
"has been having a good change in his life, mainly due to track training  making me stronger and making people surprised  haha  big week this week, but can't wait for any of those days, except tuesday  tuesday feels it's going to suck  oh well  night everyone"
": day 1 of track practice- success!! my hard training last week i believe made me the fastest distance runner on the team!! i know it was day 1, but i feel it!! april 6th, i'm going to be ready for it!! cannot wait"
" playful lease pray for <propfemale> <propfirst> delgado   she is not doin good at all  she is 2 weeks old and she is 3 months pre-mature  the doctors need to giver her steriods because the bottom of her lungs are swelled and she might end up havin ceerbal pasly  we need a miracle!!! please pray for <propfemale> <propfirst> delgado, she's my #1 friend's new born sister "
is having a rough break
"placed in the mile and 2-mile!!!! both 3rd place!!!! and the weather is going well, and life is feeling good!!"
"doesn't like the pssa's  i know i don't take them, but they make the day boring since no one is there!!!! and it's not fair that we have to go in and the 11th graders go home  we went to school!! but that's not what's up  i finally heard back from colleges and i've gotten accepted at millersville and penn state of york!!!!!!!!!! now, i need to finish up high school!!"
"can't wait to graduate because once i am, i'm gone  i'm dine w  this city and how kids act these days  it's really sad and i'm ashamed as well "
did very good at his track meet and helped the york high boys getting our 1st win finally  should have gotten more wins before this one  next meet- home against red lio
"has to say that his best moment in his life is when he was accepted into millersville, his worse moment was when he was told he was getting surgery for the first time, his favorite day was when he had two band performances and <propmale> with his band friends all day, his worse day was when his father passed (rip dad), and all this happened, but still, i feel the best is yet to come "
": millersville, here i come"
": yo, that was like the best defensive play ever made by any team and the phillies of course made it happen!!! let's go phillies!!! night everyone "
"is struggling in my mile and only have one meet left (tuesday, 3 smile 0, senior night, smalls field be there!!!!!!!!!!!) and then county's on the 14th  loving the weather though and can't wait to go to mu!!"
: rip father  we all miss you here  i miss you too but one day we'll all be together as a family once again  we love you 
"last track meet  sad  if you can, cone support the seniors n the bearcats at 330 at the field  we'll need it against south western  please b there "
will give his track review in the morning
"had a career day in track  finished out strong  got 1st time ever, 2nd place in the mile and close to personal best time by 3secs  2-mile though, was going for under 10:45 and beat my best which was 11 surprise 0  got a 10 smile 9 and 1st place!! thank you to all the showed, especially <propfirst> and rabbit"
is excited for the relays today  will give it my all for my team  i know i'm a better sustainer at running w  good speed now 
"wants to congradulaye the bearcats for their hard work and my 4x800 team for booting off close to 1 1 2mins of time and got third  overall, great job everyone!!!"
": i wanna wish a happy mothers day to all my friends mothers and their mothers and any of my friends that are mothers  i wanna say happy mothers day to my mother, grandmothers, great grandmothers, and my sister as well  smile "
"is working on stuff for the next month coming  i need information from select people and <propfemale>, if you read this, call me, message me, or text me asap if you haven't yet  got a busy week ahead including friday where i am going to counties for my mile and 2-mile "
"hopes and prays he'll make it to dallastown tomorrow and then onto work in time as well, and hopes the rest of the weekend goes very well "
has prom this weekend and then working in the yard and studying for my finals 
is going to another revs game tomorrow w  the school  it'll b my 5th game n keep the streak alive of wat i didn't e playful ect of going to at least one game per home series 
is going to rock it out tonight  had a great end to the week and weekend looks strong and then senior week next week  school is almost done and i'm going to miss my friends and the music and track the most  have a safe prom and weekend everyone!!
is just going to finish up his room tonight  focused on his life again and going to end with a bang to his 2010 school year and start the summer with an uproar  no one does it better than 2010  2010 all day!!!!
is too tired to write a good status so night everyone
wants to say that the concert went very well and congrats to everyone that participated and thanks for everyone too and good luck seniors  i'm going to miss you guys and miss everything 
is going to be bored all week after today  spanish is the hardest final and the rest will be the easier ones  this week is going to go by fast and i cannot wait til summer begins  had a very restful weekend and is ready to tackle the week head on  have a great week everyone
"is probably going to see his sisters play some softball and i'll just ride my bike a bit as well today  busy week still w  finals and dinners to attend, and grad stuff at the end of the week  but i can't wait until next weekend "
": today is it  final day for finals  final day for school  final day for that feeling  can't believe everything went by so quickly  i don't want it to end yet  not yet  but life goes on and staying in contact is the best way to go  congrats seniors, we did it!! class of 2010 all day, everyday, 24 7!!"
": if you don't like how my friend <propfemale> and i <propfemale> out when we <propfemale> out and how we act around each other, well then, go somewhere else because this is our friendship and currently only three people are effected and those three are okay with it "
": graduation after 12 long years, including four long years with many changes  couldn't have done it without my friends, my coworkers, my family, and everyone else  thank you, and congratulations to my class of 2010!! we here and we made it "
": congrats my class of 2010  we finally made it and conquered through the hardest years of our lives  the years of changes, and yes we will undergo another change in the next four years, but this time, we have the ability of maturity and <propfemale> by our side  very proud of all of you and it's an honor to be your graduate classmate  good luck, stay in touch, be safe, and have fun!!! congrats to the best class ever!!"
"is so excited for his grad party today  get to see his friends and family and i worked hard the past month and especially hard all this week for this day  excited more than people can imagine  i planned the day when i got to have my grad party due to seeing them from my sisters and here it is!!! haha, see you guys there!!"
: usa and england tied at 1 at half during my party  usa looked like they were running all over england
"wants to thank everyone who was able to make it to my grad party  you missed on h*** of a party and the weather didn't stop the best part  well, the rain was the best part haha  best party i could ever create i believe and everyone had their most fun time ever in their life so i was very happy with the turn out  thanks again and thanks again for the support within the past 12+ years guys "
is working here at the house to get ready for the summer and college  post graduation has done wonders for me and i have been doing a lot of work to fixall the mistakes i made in the past and deleting the ones i don't need no more and working to make myself a better me and i have been succeeding  and that's all that i'll include 
"finally has an updated picture of me, but it's a few weeks old but i will say i didn't change much since then  leaving for new orleans in about a week and won't be back until the 7th and once i return, well, that's when the real summer starts haha!! i'll get done my mu stuff asap so i can have as much fun as possible w  everyone  have a nice weekend everyone!!"
"has been working hard the past three days and i have done more than what was e playful ected and plus, i had more to do due to my messes i made all over, but it's cleaniest i have ever cleaned  left leg is hurting so bad that i couldn't even ride my bike up the hill  ugh, hopefully it's nothing bad  new orleans soon!!!!"
"is at new orleans  be back the 7th, have a great 4th of july everyone"
is coming home from new orleans today and cannot wait to be back home with everyone  it was a very long and very fun trip and i learned a lot and discovered more on what i wanna do in my future  see you guys soon!!
"is officially home from the best trip to new orleans  actually, it's a tie with the time i went w  the marching band, but it was a very great trip and i enjoyed every minute of it  miss everyone as well, and i know i'll see them again one day with my mini career change  this trip really was very good on me and prepared me for the future more stronger than ever "
"is hoping all his new friends got home safely and had very clean flights  i had perfect flights, almost lost my ticket, but found it before boarding, but lost my soda but i had clean and i hope everyone was better than mine  added all but i believe 7 people so i must do some searching in a few days "
: didnt e playful ect the heat to get this bad  blackout here in the city  it doesn't natter unless my friends can't talk  going out  ttyl
wishes he was in new orleams because i'd rather have light and rain than no light period  this is ridiculous  people down the block and across the street have power but not us  ugh!!!
has his power back on and is going to get his shower finally  should return in an hour and i will be in a better mood  hopefully the headaches leaves as well 
": anyone that lives in california, how are you guys? i heard there was an earthquake (5 4) and wanted to get updates  hope everyone is well "
is going to report that there probably won't be any big relief of rain here in york any time soon  this heat will continue to be in the 90s and continue to make it feel dead here  small % <propmale> of rain until saturday which is 60% but won't be above 40% for the week after where the temps will be in the steady low 90s range  no relief but this is summer!! (as of 7 8 2010 6:18pm est)
"has got to show his pictures to his family asap!!!!! wanna load them!!!! haha, finally the rain has returned and it's a good thing here  normal more so  missing no more than ever, miss <propfemale>ing w  his new friends, but i will see them again  my goal now- use the free time to <propfemale> w  my old friends when i get the <propmale> before college  have a great day weekend everyone "
"has been working at home and working during through the rain  the rain has turned crazy here  it's actually worse than new orleans, but it's not wide spread (date wise) like new orleans is "
"hasn't updated in ages!!!!! has been very busy around the house though and working hard to get to chill w  my friends  will have updated information w in a few weeks  got nno this week and hoping <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfemale> can come  have a great week everyone "
"is going to try to go down to the field tuesday and see his friends for at least a little and then come home to get ready for national night out in my neighborhood and praying <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> come  it'll be the best combination for me "
"might be chilling w  <propmale> wednesday and is finally going to to the field and see all my friends that i truly miss and will miss once i'm gone  who knows, if marching band doesn't pan out w  mu, the alumni band might be my last choice!!"
is going to mu w  his mu <propmale> for his band meeting tonight but also getting his books hopefully and just finding our information when we move in in two weeks
is sick and has been sick for about a few weeks now but is going to the doctors soon  college starts soon and i'm very excited  will miss home but it's life 
is finally going to the doctors tonight to finally get rid of this cough and light headedness and just all those negative symptoms 
is leaving for crash week at mu college today  will miss his family and friends and will visit as best as possible 
went on a nice refreshing walk w  my roommate and mu <propmale> and we went to watch the stars and just refresh the body in a sense and it was amazing and makes me wanna actually minor in astronomy as the stars is weather at night as i call it 
: good luck to my fellow friends at the new times at york city  to the seniors- just know: this is it!!!!! it'll go by quickly and faster than you e playful ected 
"is having a great time in college, loving mu, missing my friends and family, but just loving this place  food is better, friends are better, things are just better  i feel more free and again, i do miss life at home, but really, it's just the people, and very few at that  glad to be here "
": my predictions for this season- afc n-ravens,s-colts,e-patriots,w-chargers,wc#1-texans,wc#2-steelers  nfc n-packers,s-saints,e-giants,w-49ers,wc#1-falcons,wc#2-bears  afc playoffs-steelers beat chargers, patriots beats texans  steelers beat ravens, patriots beats colts, steelers superbowl  nfc playoffs-bears beat 49ers, falcons beat giants, saints beats falcons, packers beats bears, saints advance to superbowl "
": good luck york high!!!! good luck beartcats (marching band)  i will miss watching the games and playing  wish i was there to support but just know, i'll have you in thought guys  play well "
": on april 9th-may 30th, phillies was in 1st place  on may 31st, atlanta took over the division  on july 20th-21st, atlanta was up 7 games on phillies  on july 21st-september 7th, phillies fought back  on september 7th, phillies take sole possession of 1st place once again  go phillies!!!!"
: the washer machine did the opposite of what is was suppose to do at hull hall!!!!
": saints vs the vikings!!!!! the defense vs the qb  the nfc champs vs the nfc runners-up  8 smile 0pm tonight, the season starts, and it's going to rock  let's go saints!!!!! show them that our defense is real and farve should have retired and stayed retired  saints!"
: 7-0 saints up early 
: 7-0 saints up early w  a 27-yard td pass
": 14-9 saints  hanging in there, but this is a good game anyways  going into the 4th quarter  i believe who ever has the ball last, wins "
": saints win 14-9  1-0 for the season, faces the 49ers on monday night on the 20th (i believe)  go saints!!!"
"is home for another weekend, but this one is to go to the fair and see the bands play (mainly york high, but i'll support others as long as i can) and then the revs game and then back home for who knows how long  rip 9-11 victims "
"has just checked out the standings, and the phillies are just 4 games behind complete first place in the mlb by 4 games  go chicago!!! but it sucks that the rays and the yankees (who are second and first) face each other  i want the phillies to be #1 overall!!!!"
: like this status if your a phillies fan!!
"just finished a (total) of 769, summary and response, paper for english class as the rough drafts  only took about 4 hours to work  good night everyone "
<propfemale> is cool
"doesn't understand what happened tonight  to me it seems no one had any real passion  at least, not in my area "
: has a real bad backache and upset that the tech shop at the university is closed today  something isn't working with my laptop  going out to play some racket ball later though!!!
 annoyed  a i n t s!!!!!! saints!! saints!! saints!! saints!! saints!! saints!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
: 9-0 already?? we'll see  saints!
": 9-0 already! haha, saints!"
": it was a sloppy one a bit, but the defense showed up and did what they did and we won 25-22  2-0!! saints!!!! we now gonna be home against the falcons in the dome!!! be aware falcons, the defense is hungry!!"
: keep it going phillies  your only 4-6 wins away from having home field throughout playoffs (thanx to the nl winning at the all <propfemale> game)  keep this surge going!!!!
"did some decent facebook work w  adding more friends  hoping my computer doesn't take long to get fixed, but who knows what will happen  go saints and phillies and revs, continue your winning runs  miss my friends as well "
": due to the rain, mu is closing at 1 smile 0  no classes for me for the day then "
": the one saturday morning i get to actually sleep in, there is a freaking fire alarm  now idk <propfemale> i'll sleep in again on this previous day"
york revolution!!!!!!!!!!
": hey, vote!! what is better- poetry or writing stories?? vote!!!!!!"
"is hanging with the band ppl today at what they say is, the biggest performance of the season  just glad to be out and doing my job, being in another environment i love, and just having a great day "
": ah, what a great start to the week  had a fire alarm at 6am in the cold and rain, didn't get back until 7, 30 <propfemale> nap, then went to chemistry  oh yeah, this morning really early, really fell in love with my friends song  haha  great great monday"
: <propfirst> halladays 10th complete game and 2nd no hitter this whole season  one walk away from a complete game though so that sucks but d***!!! and it was his first postseason start  never e playful ected this  good job phillies  game two friday 
"is going to tackle the last two classes of the day to get that relief to go home  can't wait to go home and see my friends i haven't seen in months and few friends i've seen a bit weeks ago, and <propfemale> out with my family as well  to rest and to organize are my main things to do this break to get better for the rest of the semester "
"can't wait to get back to college  i loved seeing everyone that i've seen in the past 5 days but i believe it's time to get back and get back to my career path and plus, i miss everyone back in mu "
": why is everyone having thunderstorms but york city!!!!! so jealous of everyone that has thunderstorms and meteorologists, darn you all!!!!!!! you guys are lucky  now i really wanna go back "
": attention <propfirst> penn senior high school marching band and the middle school band as well- you guys did very well  i was waiting for that performance for weeks and it was better than i e playful ected  great job soloists and i hope to see you perform again soon  again, great job  you make me proud (in any sense that is possible)"
sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnntttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 31-6  next up: steelers
"saints won, phillies won, lsu won  perfect weekend for me  band did excellent, my friends were fun, weather was omg  whew  next up- auburn, san <propfemale> 3-4 times, <propmale> "
"has a very educational day today, or reay, educational support, with the drumline and pit  i was awake at 5 smile 0am, so <propfirst> that because this won't happen again for a very long time  have a great day everyone "
isn't hanging out tonight  staying in the room to get all his work done for the week 
: i think music just saved my night 
"has a busy day with everything  decent weather to fit my mood though, so it better stay warm at that  music is going to be key for me today so if you see me headphones in, let me go; it'd be best  have a great day everyone "
": one class left and then the rest of my day is mine!!!! probably going to the gym, maybe <propfemale> with my friends before our activities tonight  i have a seminar where i'm ready to go to  it's on hurricanes!!!! going to work on my final copy on my paper, and get my wellness work done so i can sleep in tomorrow and have tomorrow evening free of work  thank you weather and music!! your making the day work "
"finished his paper about facebook  i had to have at least 900 words, my rough draft was about 950, and i ended with 1,020 words, and it's very strong so i'm excited to turn it in  busy weekend, hopefully get this one project done by saturday mid-day or maybe even sunday mid-day  depends  but have a great friday everyone  i know i will, rain or shine (preferably <propfemale> )"
"ssssssssssssssssssssaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnttttttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yeah, steelers fans, wat were u saying?"
is really not in the mood  that joke prank went too far  thank goodness i had no homework due so i can get some sleep early since i'm tired from this stupid prank 
": good afternoon everyone!!! it's <propfemale> here in mu, not as cold, so it's going to be a great day!!!!!!!!!!! hoping my roommate is having his best birthday yet, and if you haven't said it yet, say happy birthday to him  jt hyde is the name  well, got classes soon and then after classes, band, and then i'll be back doing homework and just hanging out in my wing with the boys  have a great day everyone!!!"
"is almost finished with this item for a very dear friend of mine  been working on it for a few weeks now, and look many many hours and some nights a total of 5 hours each night  been working hard and getting it done when i can and i'm finally almost done  hoping to be done by tonight  one class left and then getting some work done in some classes and then finishing up tonight "
"who really knows me? i bet nobody can answer all these questions      full name:_______ age:_____ birthday:_______ eye color:______   nickname:______best\ friend:________favorite color:_______ favorite number:______ my \favorite drink:______ post this to your wall and see      who knows \you      smile  good luck smile "
"love\ my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your\ tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you \on, and kept you strong, post this  sisters are forever  put this on \your status if you have an amazing sister! <propfirst> <propfirst> hess, <propfemale> <propfemale> latham, <propfemale> <propfemale> latham  love you guys  you might be older, but just know you can take you down!! haha "
": good luck to my fellow band members in the york high marching band  seniors, very proud of the season you guys have  i just know you wouldn't want it any better  everyone else, great season  better than my e playful ectations and even up in the ranks of all the bands i have ever seen, and that's including college level  good jobs guys!!"
: just wanted to update my profile status  have a good rest of the week everyone!
just got done registering for his spring semester and likes how the schedule is looking 
"is sick and isn't well at all  going to the doctors tomorrow and then, i don't know "
": york high marching band!!! you just got more props from a nonmember of the band and actually, they are from another band that you are one of the greatest bands in the area  go york high marching band!!"
: 1:55 is going to go by so slow  pray everyone! have faith!!
": whew  a \w\"" is a \""w\""  jenkins is the savior and winner of this game  let's go packers!!!!! go beat the dirty birds!!!!"""
"is thankful for his family, his friends and friendships that he has created in the past year, the weather that has occurred,, the music that has been presented to me and that i have listened to, and the sports events that all have occurred in the past year  i'm thankful for everyone and wishes that everyone lived up to their thankful thanksgiving  i'm mainly thankful for being here today  happy thanksgiving everyone!"
": out of all the profile pictures i have seen, i'm surprised (mainly out of the guys,) that there weren't any <propfirst> pictures chosen"
"\attention:thegroup asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartooncharacter is actually a group of pedophiles  there doing it becausekidswill accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoonpicture  it has nothing to    do with any child charities  it's on tonights          news  copy & paste this on to your status - let everyone know\"""""
"had a decent progressive weekend  didn't get all what was wanted done but hey, nothing is perfect  got a busy last week coming up, but you know what? i'm living, got the power to do this, got music, support, motivation, and since my saints are kicking a**, haha, what isn't there to be stressed about?"
"has had a very stressful first few days of the week but today has been a very restful day and a needed day  got a sore throat, but nothing new around this time of the year "
can't sleep now since his cough has gotten real bad  i don't think today is going to be a great day 
"has his first final today (wellness) and has been studying all night, got a good amount of sleep, got a good breakfast, and is ready for this final  then, english work tonight for enlgish final tomorrow "
"kicked a** in his wellness final!!! the reason: staying up long enough to read the chapters of the final and getting enough sleep and a good breakfast the next morning to finish reading the rest of the chapters  the final started around 12:50, i was done within 30 minutes with a great feeling  one final down, two to go at the end of the week "
"is having a mountain dew code red with a turkey and cheese sandwich  healthy+unhealthy=how does that work? got a lot of english work tonight, gonna get it done "
wishes he had some headache medication!!
": well, nothing can help with this mood  all i want to do now is to go home asap  why couldn't it be my chemistry final friday instead of tomorrow and just have my math final tomorrow?"
is really sick to his stomach right now  really just want to go home now 
"is glad to be home and can't wait for the holidays  this week coming up, i get to see most of my friends  today, i get to see my family and the saints kicking some ravens a**!!! as well as duke kicking a** too as the #1 team in college basketball!!!!! the team i'll support today after my saints, go seattle!!!"
: hello everyone  just wanted to say <propfemale> christmas and happy holidays  hope you enjoyed everything and hoped it was your best one ever yet 
is deciding to move away after college  feels i'm suppose to and i'm living by what i feel  it'll do good for me anyways 
"is going to hit up york high this friday  well, me and my friend will hit it up  be aware, it's going to be a crazy night (since i'm going for the spending the night that night) and crazy day that day  haha, everyone reading this, you have been warn (well, kids at the school) "
": this is so far my best birthday (barely) ever!!!!!! i have a wonderful <propfirst> and i have great friends!!! i am living a wonderful life in a good situation  a month 1 2 ago, i didn't e playful ect my birthday to be this great and i am thankful for this  thank you everyone and thanks to my father where i just know he has helped me while looking over me  miss you as well "
"if your mom is was a hardworking woman, & was still is your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were, or what kinda trouble you were in, or was just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have her, or even if she is your angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mother  i love you, mom ?"
