bf53c646037f10a047a695fd16b0e7df
?????????????
o o ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh driving test tomorrow morning *shakes with fear*
passed her driving test yusssss~!
is lovin' it  laugh 
sooooo tireddddddd  annoyed 
has a youtube account  add me?  smile 
needs someone to <propfemale> out with monday after 2pm *cries*
can't believe that she has work in less than 6 hours  annoyed 
has a big nose  annoyed 
"blahh, nothing to do    and its only 7 smile 0  i dont wanna go to bed this early  annoyed "
so ready for bed   
"can't believe she just googled how to remove the cap of the revlon colorstay mineral foundation  for the record, i wasn't the only one who had trouble with it  annoyed "
"finally worked myself up to doing those hw assignments  phew, what a relief "
misses him so much  annoyed 
dragcave net user lilangelhats
why in the world am i up so early?  annoyed 
"gah, headache   really starting to hate gaia  annoyed "
feels the happiest she's been in the past 6-7 weeks ^^
-_-
has no life and wishes her long hair would grow back quicker   
has her own city in mississippi: hattiesburg!
"refuses to think about the problem  instead, she will only think about the solution "
got a kitten~!
is so tired of it all
"realized that to save up, she should ideally only spend $37 50 per week  panic!!!!!!!"
250k woot~!
flat tire on a highway is such an adventure  laugh 
313k~!
goodbye beloved $500  hello new set of tires  ='(
my mom aggrivates me to a point where i just want to take a bullet to my own head   
bored with her stressful life   
"yusss, finally finished the damn homework *tears of joy*"
so bored with life  something exciting needs to happen  annoyed 
"has a wifey and a new best friend, what more could a girl ask for     okay, lots more  smile "
"goodbye <propfirst> <propfirst>  i'm going to miss you old man  wherever you are now, i hope it's a better place than slaveway  smile "
has come to a sad realization that she is too occupied to have a pet  goodbye <propfemale>?
"shoot, 70 minutes until the 1000 word assignment is due  i only have close to 400 words as of now  *cries*"
one more shift and then i'm free for 3 whole days! *tears of joy* so      who wants to <propfemale> out?
who wants to go with me to six flags fright fest on sat the 24th? tickets are 1 2 price!
the soul that can speak with its eyes can also kiss                   with a gaze
"if it was the right thing to do, then why do i feel so much regret and sadness right now?"
"nobody said it was easy, no one ever said it would be this hard"
"ack, hw due in 59 <propfemale>!  annoyed "
somewhere beyond happiness and sadness i need to calculate what creates my own madness
??????? ???????
if you're lost you can look and you will find me time after time if you fall i will catch you i'll be waiting  time after time
"look into my eyes, what do you see? cult of personality  i know your anger, i know your dreams  i’ve been everything you want to be "
is evolved chaos 
anyone wanna come ice skating with me sat morning?
i know where you hide alone in your car know all of the things that make you who you are
waiting with <propfemale> for the spring when the flowers will bloom renewed again knowing there's more beyond the pain of today
"<propmale> is a square, <propfemale> is a squiggly, <propmale> is a line, and my mother is a <propfemale>  a <propfemale> that is insignificant to this world and its only importance is at the end of an sentence  a period that lasts 24 7 "
"i tear my heart open, i sew myself shut"
i was so happy when you smiled your smile breaks through the clouds of grey far from the <propfemale> days that lie in sleep
finally has internet working properly again  annoyed 
? ? ? ? ? ? ?
"you're in a room with 3 monkeys  one has a banana, one has a stick, one has nothing  which primate is the smartest?"
gots the new iphone  laugh 
?????????????
"nope, still no sleep  laugh "
"well, it was a great day    until my mom decided to open her mouth and direct her words at me "
??????
???????? ??????????
"when life hands you lemons, make grape juice and sit back and watch the world wonder how you did it "
everybody's got something they had to leave behind one regret from yesterday that just seems to grow with time
"my friends say i'm crazy and i agree, but that's okay cause that's the way i like to be "
ice skating friday morning  who wants to come with me?
"<propmale> <propmale> can kick through all 6 degrees of separation, hitting anyone, anywhere, in the face, at any time "
"high fevers, hospitals, ivs, adventures in the bathroom, and <propmale> infections  sums up my day  smile "
i've got my hands in my pocket and my head in a cloud this is how i do when i think about you
what are you guys doing? looking at pictures of food cz we're hungry
sushi and lots of sleep  fat 
i lost myself in a familiar song i closed my eyes and i slipped away
"all the years thats gone by  all that we've been through  yet now you try to humiliate me  yet now you stab me in the back  i want to know  what is running through your head when you chose to alienize me? what were your feelings when you chose to push aside mine? i want to know  how your heart grew icy and cold  how do you plan to face me now? where do you plan on going from here, <propfemale> <propfemale> hua zhang ?"
a battle fought and won  yet all i am left with is my own anger  drowning in the flames of my fury  all i can do is scream out  yet no one hears my pain and sorrow 
"hope you are happier wherever you are now, elisa-ray <propmale>  you will be remembered "
so i said to angie: i'm gonna slam so hard on my brakes that your gonna choke on my seat belt  wow that sounded dirty 
all you have to do is close your eyes and just reach out your hands and touch me hold me close don't ever let me go
sleep    wonder if i'll get any of that tonight 
funny how quickly time can fly by   
angel eyes with your angel eyes will you always be there to hold me
standing on the rooftops everybody scream your heart out
and i feel a weakness coming on never felt so good to be so wrong had my heart on lockdown and then you turned me around
speaking to the atmosphere no one's here and i fall into myself
has a vey good feeling about this time around  love 
"there's a warmth inside me, slowly melting my icy heart "
no! i dont wanna see his dumplings!
????? ????????
sleep attempt #1 at 2:54am  be at work by 8am  number of hours slept tonight? sadly only a thrid of what i usually get 
hooray for popping new pimples instead of going to bed! sleep attempt number 2   
listen to the waves as they all crash down and watch the fire as it slowly burns away glowing embers fly across the sky
and you'll never fall in love if you don't risk it all
thinking of starting up ice skating again   
my weakness is that i care too much  and our scars remind us that the past is real  i tear my heart open just to feel 
foodgasm!
is in her happy place
new shoes!!!!!!
hooray retail therapy  laugh 
good shoes take you to good places ^^
<propfemale>'s back!!!
"fast forward two days, music blasting in the car, mazing hotel, the ocean!"
greetings from oc!
although the scars of yesterday remain you can go on living as much as your heart believes you can't be born again altough you can change let's stay together always
"heh, my mom told me not to use a bravado at the end of a note while singing  says that it sounds bad  any suggestions out there?"
angel angel ??????? angel angel ?????????
"haha yusss, good bye slaveway for a whole week!  laugh "
life is what happens when you defriend someone so that you stay at the top of your leaderboard and can finally go running and get in shape  smile 
when you hate someone to a point that it brings tears to your eyes   
???? magic stick ????
give me more lovin then i've ever had  make it all better when i'm feelin sad  tell me that i'm special even when i know i'm not 
stupid dumb people trying to sound smart and thinking they're the better person  ughhhhhhhh  annoyed 
haha convos with my sisters: <propfemale> what is bian <propfemale> in english?
ahhhhhh! dragon cave new eggs release! *goes crazy*
"jeash, rude pple online these days"
head  hurts 
why does life refuse to work out for me?
finally got a yaris!
stupid internet isn't working 
"if you're sleeping, are you dreaming \if you're dreaming, are you dreaming of me"
"sorry coe, my comp was lagging too much  annoyed "
help! i cant log in to coe  server error for the last 3 days *cries*
i fixed my wii! thank you google!
"www cityofeternals com  \\join with your fb account, no signing up"
"soooo, anyone have mcdonalds monopoly piece 771, 769, 765, 761, 759, 757, 753, or 750? all i need is one of these and im a winner  laugh "
"omg, life is finally looking up again"
*yawn* i think im finally mentally exhausted enough to fall asleep
yay megamind!
so i ask him: would you rather be penniless or legless?
register and play with me! https annoyed  secure dofus com en godfather-fortunes-account-creation zhattiex12
is looking to adopt a small dog  under 15lbs and on the quiet side  suggestions? i don't want to go thru the adoption process 
anyone wanna go skating sunday at 1pm at the rockville ice arena?
