a2354a28d92b77bedfeec6a10af2374d
facebook    a place for stalkers
just got done  moving it suck monkey balls
i'm out of time and i can't breath i told you not to believe in me now run away and let me be 
dubs at the mofo beach its was fun not as big as last year tho still fun tho  i wish had a girl with me tho but shes mad at me and lives far away  sad  maybe things will go better next year lol
new laptop yay!
holy cow shit d-man!
did you ever just want to give up but something just wouldn't let you? it just keeps you hoping and fighting for the thing you want?
go ahead build up your trust it won't matter in the time to come
2 nights in a row i didn't get home from work until 12 surprise 0am it's killing me lol
baby play dead and i'll play dead with you
4th of july was great i've never lighted so many fireworks lol also i had the best chick ever today     smile 
people that drive toyotas this is just a reminder your cars suck!
have your ever had i fucked up nightmare and a great dream about someone in the <propfirst> night? it fucked me up anf woke me up lol
your grave is pulling at your pants
i can see pass the disguise of your eyes into your broken heart that was hurt and torn apart it made you alive and warm eye turn cold and die   
i can see pass the disguise of your eyes into your broken heart that was hurt and torn apart it made your alive and warm eyes turn cold and die   
heaven where is my angel? i need her now here holding me tonight   
hold your own jacket please i'm not in the mood 
your voice is painted on my memories even if your not with me i'm with you 
the sound of your voice is painted on my memories even if your not with me i'm with you 
you want me to pay for my sins? i'll give you the nails and let you hammer them in  maybe then you'll understand and forgive me  an remember who i useto be   
if it's good for you it's good for me to 
i try to pretend it's all in my head
who will you need? who will you love? when you come undone   
i was thinking of you until i felt a cold hand come up and pull me out of my little daydream 
got to open them up
moo   ima pig
i got my 1st tattoo today
i am the one  hiding under your bed teeth ground sharp and eyes glowing red
omg the e playful endables=jizz all over my pants and on the floor
am i a toy to you with strings around my fingers?
work sucks <propmale>
sun burn     smile 
blah blah blah
i love the rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wish i could fly
i love all this rain  smile 
bored
piss me off and i have a zombie fart in your cereal!!!!
since your light is now gone i guess i'll just slip into the darkness where i belong 
i have to get glasses   so now i'm thinking i should go to a pre-school and start kicking children in the teeth   
i told you from the start what would happen but you went about it your own way and look i was right   i told you i'm always right!
what hurts more is i would still die for you   
<propfemale> ogle is a no fun franny
i use to date one ugly bitch
i can sniff toothpaste for hours
some people think there so sneaky   lol but there not     smile 
<propmale> <propmale> stop being so emo    
i'll scream til i bleed
thank you green bay you put big <propmale> the bitch where he needs to be 
armor for sleep
i sleep with one eye open so i can see you breathing
sometimes feelings tell you to do one thing and your mind tells you to do something else theres a strong <propmale> of this making me go insane at some point in time   
<propfemale> ogle you better like you gifts    smile 
so me and <propfemale> ogle took her vw bug on the pennisula with me driving got it up to 100mph lol i love valentines day also we went to the paper <propfemale>   
work it kind of makes you want to hit random children
please hold me tightly i don't care if i can breathe tonight
i just understand some ppl anymore
please don't runaway from me i don't want to find you lost in there lies   
i must be one sexy son of a bitch because everywhere i go the girls start licking there lips    wink 
your going to catch a cold from the ice inside your soul   
i wish aliens would make contact i wanna see a blue bitch
she followed willingly as lambs to slaughter
you can't hide it from me
you make it rain on them ho's throwing dollors i make it hail cuz i throw change 
i know things i shouldn't   
don't forget to tell me how you feel in five words or less   
i love my new phone   
i might get pauly d haircut   lol
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
even tho you think i can i'm just a man and i don't walk on water
so this morning i'm heading  to work so me my dad and this guy <propmale> are driving down east ave and what do i see? i look to my right and see i girl thats like 23 snorting cocain off her pants with a straw while this black guy stands over her   wtf are ppl thinking?
