17b1b93f4278e63e935cfe5671efeea8
what a depressing new years  annoyed  2009 was the worst year ever
warrio is hella funny  laugh 
bad dreams wont leave me alone  sad 
nipple twisters beeyetchhh
 sad 
we don't have a cow  we have a bull 
wants to be happy again
is takin a chill pill 
is tiiired
zzzzzz
is working concessions tonight for only the second time  during transformers opening  i'm going to e playful lode 
okay  so i had a <propmale> brainfart and ushered instead  w t f 
is pissed off 
the movie up made me cry&hearts;
has a heavy head  
wtf? why is everyone dying today? rip <propfirst> <propmale>  damn 
let's get nekked
siigh  it's nice to know i'm a good person  smile 
too hot  too tired  
makin out with a yorkie
someone come <propfemale> out with me  smile 
molestation partaay!
how do i crawl out from this
holidays are hard  annoyed 
depressed
i just want you to know who i am 
g wink fk;sgkd'k;fgkeapotjkgrep]gk;sd <--that's my life 
is having a horrible day 
everyday is exactly the same 
mmmmmm suspenders  
   
work then  ?
headache
hoooottt  sad 
creepers at work=awkward uncomfortableness galore  annoyed 
pissed  pissed  pissed 
dayman! auuuh huhuhhhh! fighter of the night mannnn!! auuuh huuuhhh!
just loves waking up at 6 in the morning for her never ending 4 hour long summer school class  
needs a haircut
trying to learn how to knit? kinda sorta
somethin’ filled up my heart with nothin' someone told me not to cry 
bored
everything's breeeeaaaking  sad 
tired from workpooland
doesn't want to lose her home  annoyed 
if it makes you happy  then why the hell are you so sad?
feels a cold coming on  annoyed 
has a load of homework to finish  smile  and of course i am procrastinating  what's new?
has a very cold nose  ahhh
is finally done with summerschool  i get to celebrate by standing for 8 hours at the door at my job  awesome 
just got home    x x
doesn't want to work today 
sting is a sexy old man  aaahahaha
off to the mall and then to see 500 days of summer finally! i've been waiting forever  smile  i'm so excited!  love 
it's 3 a m  i must be lonely 
wants more dressessss!
lazzyyy dayssss
shaboom shaboom!
hates myspace  it's evil  
peek a boo 
my head all full of stuffin'  my heart all full of pain
blah  
oi!
its the little things  
 love  rain rain don't go away
doesn't want to wake up 
work  
feelings are pretty hurt 
is bakin brownies
is sick of everyone  going out 
feels really down  i'm turning into emotron 4000 again    sad 
does anyone even have any solid morals anymore?
yyeaaaah! and then we'll get up  and then we'll poo her all over the table
back is starting to bother her again    annoyed 
work time x x
"bm,cv x;hktoi"
what is everyone's favorite song(s) at the moment? i'm in dire need of some new music  smile  gimmie gimmie! please 
is nervous
feels sick 
is nervous ahhhhhh
got all worked up for nothing!
wants to know why she is attracted to douche bags 
it's pouring love 33
doesnt want to put her dog down ;-;
feels sick  and im also sick of harkin's bullshit
loves her new laptop love 
yup 
so tired  effing night classes are annoying
falling asleep in class
"what if pinocchio said \my nose will now grow\"" ?"""
work ruins everythhiiinggg  annoyed 
is <propfemale> tired  my eyes are so red 
is starting to actually  feel better 
just gave her doggie a bath and trim love   smile 
rip <propfirst> swayze  sad 
is butt tired  this class is too long 
is kinda bummed  annoyed 
cant find my phone
nevermind  found it  laugh 
bored
"yo <propfirst>, i know you just died, i'm happy for you and i'ma let you finish, but <propfirst> <propmale> had the best death of all time"
just doesn't get some people
is actually free today  the one day i can <propfemale> out no one else can! ahhh
blah  to blah 
notices lots of highschool girls wearing bumpits  haha
 annoyed  everyone just disappears at some point 
dog poopie  sad  nooooooooooooooo!
is watching youtube videos on how to speak with an australian accent for acting class
hooo hooooooo! like no one eyuhlsss!
who is real out there
woke up late         dammit 
loves food  tee  to the <propfemale> 
"breathe out  so i can breathe you in  hold you in  and now i know you've always been out of your head, out of my head i sang "
is going out to the bars with <propfemale> and friends for her 21st! owwwowwww!!
doesn't even have time to breathe 
"i'm not aware of too many things  i know what i know, if you know what i mean "
hollywood stop making remakes  jesus christ  
should be a secret agent  like  for real  beeytch 
loves the sound of the cello  so pretty 
is so glad that megalodon sharks no longer exist 
is bored  derob  thats how bored i am  
ahhh facebook teases me with notifications that aren't even for meee!!!!! biiiitch
just  blah 
today was unproductive  it should have been the opposite 
loves her friends love  what would i do without you guys  smile  thanks again
"my brother, and my dad both have the swine flu  shit  annoyed "
is going insane  i'm sick of people telling me what to do 
maybe i'm paranoid  hopefully it's just stress  annoyed  i feel kinda weird this morning  maybe it's just psychological  ahhh
i hate finding  old things  that i wish didn't exist anymore    puts a big downer on my day  and a big ache in my heart 
haha i love dr  cox love 
okay day   bad night
blaaaggahgahgahgdefglkf
creepshow's retarded   lol
seriously needs a haircut and i can't sleep anymooore!
feels like she is getting sick  sad 
whatever 
is watching bad horror movies because there is nothing else to watch at my house  ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
doesn't know what she's doing anymore  
barely slept last night
"i'm driving to tuscon all by myself tommorow and i need some new music, any suggestions?  laugh "
you're all little stinkers 
drove to tuscon all by herself  laugh 
back to phoenix  now i'm bored 
the most memorable concern of mankind is the guts it takes to face the sunlight again 
"demon i am and face i peel, see your skin turn inside out cause  gotta have you on my wall  gotta have you on my wall "
someone make plans with me today or soon  smile 
why do you let me stay here? all by myself  why don't you come and play here? i'm just sitting on the shelf
needs a freakin neck massage  annoyed  argh
"<propfemale>, don't you weep   there is nothing as lucky, as easy, or free "
first fridays  maybe  
off to e playful lore the night  becaues i'm a dork  and so are you  smile  text me lovers love 
google has some sick obsession with sesame street going on 
get naked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"we were tired and pissy  dirty wine, diiirtyy whiskeyy"
feels worthless
now i remember why i hate facebook 
hi 
wants a cute bicycle  so she can go out and ride on pretty cloudy days like this 
is heartbroken all over again :[ rip <propfirst>  i love you forever and ever love 
is heartbroken all over again :[ rip mickey love i love you forever and ever
ohh what can you do with a sentimental heart?
"wishes you would just leave me alone  you're right about one thing, i don't care what you have to say and i certainly don't need your damn sympathy "
<propfemale> <propfemale> out on the sea
nicola    love 
had a lot of fun last night  i actually enjoyed new <propfemale>  that's right bitches! wooo!
is more pooped  than literal poop 
<propfemale> sot trouve toujours <propfemale> plus sot qui l'admire 
a fool such as i 
happy thanksgiving everyone  smile   love 
last night  
"the good news is, there's not that much time left  the bad news is, there's not that much time left "
is confused  and she needs to grow a pair  but not literally 
"and this i know, his teeth as white as snow  what a gas it was to see him  "
it skyrockets  and then it bombs 
seriously  can today get any worse?
what the hell am i doing? guys are such assholes 
wants her own 3 wolf <propfemale> shirt 
is craving something sweeeeeet~!
so much hate for the ones we love  so much love for the ones we hate 
work soon  leave me some love  laugh  if i come home and i only have notifications from annoying applications  i swear  wow  too much facebook 
and i know you have a heavy heart
had a creepy dream about talking to ghosts in code   ahhhhh!
rain love 
amirite or amirite?
you don't know what you've got until it's gone 
feels like shit
"doesn't know why coffee is used to lure people into sexual acitvities in books and movies and things when it's actually a laxative  \hey wanna come up for some coffee?   and then maybe take a shiiiyet \"""""
im bored  someone do something with me 
gdfskl;gfs  annoyed 
 heart-broken 
might delete people who don't talk back! gasp! think quick  bitches 
eff my life 
doesn't want to have to work on christmas  sad 
where are you christmas?
the greatest sin of all is risking nothing 
   
my boobies are on fire! ooohh noooooooo
needs a life 
please just shoot me
oooh it feels sooo goood to be laaaazzzzzzzyyyyy right now!
more like   thanks for more bad news and for being a huge disappointment years  woohoo 
there is no such thing as a sure thing 
"i am freeeee at last    if anyone wants to <propfemale> out tommorow, or wednesday, or thursday  smile  text me or call or whateva because i am freeee"
doesn't even know why she bothers  sad 
you call that a knife?   i call it a dildo  courage wolf cannot replace insanity wolf for <propfemale>!
<propmale> redding love 
fuckmylife 
videogames videogames v-v-videogaaames love 
omfg  how many 'bring it ons' have they made?
<propmale>  smile 
<propfemale> party   wtf  
oh  my  god 
i'm   happy?
ohhh how i don't love the periods in my life where my phone likes to fall out of my purse and break onto the hard concrete floor
sooon to be an auntiee love !!!!!
is feeling  good  w  t  f 
will rip through work to get to her baby nephew  i don't caaaree  i must have that little munchkin in my arms already!
i'm  ecstatic love  smile 
"verry superstitiioooousss, writings on the waaaalllll"
fell on her butt 
hey blondie! you know what you are? just a dirty son of a b  waaaaawaa
everyone give me your <propfirst>! i have a new phone  smile 
spank that ayuss
albi began to cry dragon tears  which as we all know turn into jelly beans!
ocarina of tiiime love 
doppelgangerbanger week
just took the world's longest nap 
got  a  haircut 
all better  laugh 
will study  i will defeat procrastinatiooon!
"\i can only go backwards if i'm not with you \"""""
wooooooo?
boobs ftw
i think i worry too much?
is feeling pretty darn good 
needs to get an apartment with someone 
is bumming out  wooo!
today will be a productive day!
's head hurts 
is invading all of your facebooks  mwahahahaaa
actually went and worked out! i'm proud of myself 
uncharted  love  on my brand new ps3
"cold, tired, and hungraaay in clayuss "
foooooooooood nomnomnonm
is such a homebody 
okay fine  lady gaga is addicting dammit
where the eff is the rain? was this some sick weather channel april fool's joke? jerks 
whatever 
working on easter and missing time with baby nephew <propmale> and family coming over  awesome  annoyed 
has the stomach flu d:
sick in bed all day d: no fun
wants a <propfirst> <propfemale>
"they should make a shocking device with a password that makes an electric field around an object and a little sign that says \warning this shit will shock you if you even try\"" and it will be called \""don't touch my things\"""""
"it's funny to look back at things you were so emotionally devastated over and currently go, \wtf was i thinking\"""""
needs a new job  asap  any suggestions of where i should apply? help me out peopleee
somebody take a yoga class with me  laugh 
noooooooooooo work
 laugh 
misses theater 
"<propmale> carelle to leave the office, wtf d: nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo"
can't even remember the last time she <propmale> out with someone  annoyed 
who works out little or never on here?
old mckatie had a farmmm
screw you windows vista
"just watched rec, and i'm officially creeped out "
study study study bleh
hates mathematics with a passion 
okay im going crazy from studying math
"why are they remaking drop dead <propfirst>? you cant remake that movie  thats like trying to remake a <propmale> python movie  you just cant  nooo my  childhood   and with <propfirst> brand, i hate that guy  gfjdklgdfslgjdfslj;"
i'm cracking my knuckles right now  mmmm
needs some <propmale> retail therapy
feels so behind 
booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooobs
's inner geek is glowing 
 annoyed 
 surprise 
wishes every day could be a good day 
people are ruuuude
is in somewhat of a foul mood 
loves the world market love   laugh 
why the eff are they remaking the crow???
tee  <propfemale> 
baking horror stories
one more <propfemale> girl left d: so sad 
eww summer heat
oh gosh i feel like a geezer!
is drowning in chocolate!
"thank\ you everyone for the birthday wishes and putting a smile on my face \ smile !!! you all are awesome!  love  love  love "
"you are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are gray love "
freaked out over nothing  gets to see lukie poo sooon!
damn allergies awoke me from my slumberrrrrrr
ear ache d:
typos ruin my life
weeeee <propfemale>
really needs to buy a punching bag
feels trapped until she finishes her court reporting school  annoyed  which might take forever more
so done with cleaning up bathrooms
yeeeahhh    toy story 3 made me cry 
why is everything either <propfemale> <propmale> or <propfirst> pattinson does make front <propfemale> news? <propfemale> <propmale> dyed her hair and it's in the headlines  who gives a shit!!!
worst day ever
"dear roaches, please piss off and never step into my existence again you sick disgusting terrifying little shits"
stressed
is it really that hard to find a job nowadays?
please let it effing rain finallaaaaaaaaaaaay
going mothaeffin stir crazy
woww 4chan   wow 
homeward bound the incredible journey!!!!!!!!!! eff yeah!
"obladi, oblada, life goes on "
"whatever everyone, whatever "
adventure time anybody? o___o
we have to go back kate  we have to go baaaackk
i love how it's cloudy  and <propfemale>  all indications that it might pour  and yet it still hasn't rained  wtf?
"me and you and you and me  no matter how they tossed the dice, it had to beeee"
 annoyed 
i burnt my butt on my car seat  only in phoenix 
why does the economy have to suck so much right now? ahhhhhh
i love sun chips love 
god i miss the 90s
what is everyone's favorite song right now?
has gotsta get the ball rollin'
we all wanna be big big stars
can facebook destroy lives?
turned in my two weeks!
i love how orientation starts at 10 when it says 8 a m  on the schedule 
"well, hot and heavy, pumpkin pie"
zeldaaa love 
no i am not 15 years old
thought family wasn't suppose to screw you over 
misses the good old sailor <propfemale> days love 
now i'm scared to listen to my ipod because i don't want to go deaf 
practice practice practice  prakts
former sleepwalker
apparently asking to stop to get toothpaste results in me not being on any meds 
i made more turkey friends this weekend
i miss choir
trying to figure out what kinda cupcakes to learn how to make  there are too many delicious looking recipes
well i guess this is the night for awkward things to just keep on happening 
woo to the hoo
sooooooooooo i guess being a grown up sucks  
is it me or can men never admit they are wrong??? and it seems to be hard for them to apologize 
<propfemale> i pretty much hate photobucket  resized and ruined a bunch of my background images 
everything is going to be all right  laugh 
6 a m  = balaaahasderhaahdsa
it's pretty pathetic when hollywood starts to remake movies that only came out a year before  or cult classics that aren't even 20 years old yet 
oooooooooooooooooooooh  ho  ho 
"hates worrying so much, but sometimes i can't help it  annoyed "
"lol i love it when people open my mail and pry into my personal business, and then fill out things for me and send them back  wtf? awesome "
of course i have jury duty on the day of my final testing for class 
 annoyed  my internet sucks
depressed
doesnt know how to be happy anymore 
am i   your fiiiire?
i love my mommy  love 
is nervous 
wants to be disconnected for a while   
doesn't know how to budge from this horribleness d:
i feel like i've ruined my chances at my dreams d:
"is 30 years old \old\"" ?"""
eff the new msn messenger
the mornings are always the hardest  annoyed 
\being sad with the right people is better than being happy\,17b1b93f4278e63e935cfe5671efeea8,does anybody know what store i could buy a six pack of bottled coca cola at?
does anyone have any delicious recipes for chocolate frosting and vanilla frosting for cupcakes?
it's very odd when people from your past who you ended on a sour note with add you on facebook  and then you wait  and they still don't say anything 
okay so when people tell me i look 15 i'm going to take it as a compliment now 
has anyone actually e playful erienced the in-depth horrors of 4chan?
do people just magically transform into super <propmale> mode when they get into a vehicle? i'd like to see some of them try to act that way face to face  *shakes fist*
i looooveee myyyy beddddd
who took my dark knight dvd? dammit 
rainingness love 
blah  
"dear life, \       please stop getting in my way  kthx "
"holy crap, spinato pizza love "
happy thanksgivaaang everybody!  love 
i
sometimes i wish i were a dude  asshats got it easy 
things can be fixed 
note to self: do not kick things when angry 
poor for the holidays! woooo! who is with me?
don't   want   to   study 
i don't what i'm doing anymore 
has anyone over the age of 19 had braces or known anyone with braces? what was your e playful erience like??
i am officially the most craziest worrier in the world 
so i have a 5 week vacation   now what?
its like the ugly duckling stage is reversing itself back to me 
fuck it
okay so my life feels like it's going backwards while everyone elses is going forwards  seriously  that is my conclusion  does that make sense? because it does to me 
people come and go   often 
might be alone on christmas  awesome  sad 
"dear wisdom teeth,\        i hate you "
sooo  i look like a chipmunk in pain 
"after i completely heal, i am totally scarffing a pizza and wings   or a burger   with curly fries   or just something really fattening and delicious"
i waited 2 weeks for my computer to be fixed only to find that they glued my screen instead of actually ordering a new one like they said they were  wtf?
caught a cold d: apoo!
"if ye wanna be my lova  ye gotta with my freyends, gotta get with mah freyeeends "
don't forget the little things
ugh  school  tommorow  nuuu
happy birthdaaay lukie pooooo!  love 
gotta get back into this schoolish behavior 
hates waiting in between classes
depressing routines suck
6 a m  and me are just not compatible  <propfemale>   just   no 
i had a creepy dream that i was on a black ship that was sinking 
okay  so where did the last 2 years go? wtf 
i'm watching the adventures of baron munchausen  omg  memories 
is anybody else staying in on a friday night and feeling like an old person? yeeaah  
"\your baby is gonna come out a liar  that's how it works  they inherit things through the breast milk \"""""
i think i'm too nice 
wedding weeekeeeeeeend!! wooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
brother's wedding daaay!!!  love 3 so exciiiiiiiiiiiiiiited!!!!!!!!!!
sooo now they have fake cactus speed flash cameras by the side of the road 
made it to the 160s! almost thereeee!
reminder: always get video games back from ex's because you might have a craving to play them again one day  grand theft autoo ;-;
i neeed   a job  annoyed 
"\we don't have a cow   we have a bull \"" -kingpin"""
horrible night
lonely  who wants to make future plans?
"maybe i'm over thinking again, but knowing that i'm turning 23 in june scares the living sh*t out of me "
i need me a good pair of bootsssss
wtf are you doing with your life?
in a ditch that i can't seem to lift myself out of
going to fashion square alone is awkward?
never put your dreams on hold 
what's the best blogging website? o__o
i'm craving a salty <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's amazing what good coffee can do 
get into the grooooove
"cause they're gonna wash awaay, they're gonna wash away "
i didn't even get to say goodbye ;-;
i miss and am craving some girl scout cookies 
watamelon slushay
oh my god i'm craving a slushie now 
i want to have some fun d:
if anyone wants to <propfemale> out today just message me or text  i'm bored   love 
\some boys take a beautiful girl\,17b1b93f4278e63e935cfe5671efeea8,"facebook, you are boring "
unbelievable
i don't know the last time i've been out of my house besides for going to school d:
?
falling asleep still and its noon now  ahhh!
is the renaissance festival at one particular time every year or does it come at random times?
"\custodial interference\"" at 160 wpm ummmmmmm  \",17b1b93f4278e63e935cfe5671efeea8,yoohoo
i love how the majority of my friends all live in completely different parts of the world :{
bored as bored can be
stir crazy   
"i don't think <propfemale> black's song will ever leave my head, seeing as how it's been stuck there for only about two weeks now o___o;; ahhh"
i got yo crayzay!
passing my 160ssssss! yaaaayeeeee!
i dread the weekends 
should i get side swept bangs or keep them long?  surprise 
i enjoy making power points 
so much homework to do this weekend x x;;
june 2nd love   smile 
i have sooo much homework to do and my school site is down for maintenance today wtttfffff!!
swamped
i have been working on my presentation since 10 a m  and i'm still not finished   my brain feels like it's going to melt out of my ears  help  me  
sooo this time of year sucks  roaches and palm tree allergies  bleh!
i'm going to miss you random snack times   and random soda times   sigh 
i love my mom!!!!!! love 
god only knows what i'd be without you 
"pivot tables, if functions  wtf"
i don't feel like doing aanythiiinggg  
my allergies are murdering my sleep d:
i'm having a mid-life crisis at almost 23  anyone else?
"it sucks not having a car, even if for a few days!"
"when it rains, it pours    annoyed "
this road just has more twists and turns
needs a friend d:
soooo   did anyone understand the movie mulholland drive? because i'm at a complete loss  surprise ;;
it should be against the law to make people get up at 6 a m  in the morning 
when i wake up  well i know i'm gonna beee i'm gonna be the man who wakes up next to yooooou~
thank you everyone for the lovely birthday wishes  ?  smile 
tiredeness  
the <propfemale> buuurnnnsssss mmm
your existence is insulting  just saying   wink 
i don't know what to do with my life 
"i've watched the lion <propmale> more than a 100 billion times with my nephew, and mufasa's death scene still gets me every time d:"
all right i guess i'm not doing anything tonight then  annoyed 
wish me luck!
note to self: don't put anything sad or personal here because you will make an ass out of yourself 
i just don't know 
so i filled out the eharmony survey just for fun and it totally rejected me and told me it could find absolutely no matches and wished me the best of luck finding that special someone  wow 
give meee newwww muuuusiiicccccc
stood up 
how the hell do you work the chat thing on this now? it says there are 43 people on but i only see like maybe 15 listed 
"whoever is flying around and biting me, please stop "
has anyone had a headshot done? i have some questions
i could think of things i never thunk before! and then i'd sit  and think some more 
i hate you sidebaaarrrrrr go awaaaaaaayyyyyyy
chimichanga slut butt?
i give up 
it's a curse that i still wake up so early even when i go to bed so late 
rest in peace <propfirst> laprade  love  we will miss you dearly 
"this weather fits perfectly  thank you for noticing, mother nature "
heading over to the vig  laugh 
drunk <propfemale> = a big  wtf
i just want everyone to know  i love them  you're awesome  thanks   love  hearts
my dogs afraid of lightning  hes cute 
"moving to the country, gonna eat me a lot of peaches "
facebook  you are evil 
you never know what you've got until it's gone 
yahoo answers   you're even more evil than facebook 
no car for <propfemale> today  now i'm face to face with the boredom  must find things to dooooo!
"hey facebook chat, why don't you make up your mind already? thanks "
smelly candles always make everything a hint better  love 
"\i was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched \"""""
why is it everyone's birthday today?
i'm ridiculous 
i need to go on an adventure 
i miss when classes were only an hour  and not 3  and a half 
someone come kidnap me  in a completely non-serious way 
last night was crazy  maybe a little   too   crazy 
decaffeinated coffee doesn't make any sense 
oh! i have time to breathe now?
this monkey's gone to heaven 
why must i trip over everything? x___x
nervousness! ! !  
dogs are living vacuum cleaners 
karaoke toniiighhhtttttt with some hos!! owwowww
has anyone else encountered the car that's a shrine to toast?  surprise 
seriously? i just want to be asexual 
you are who you are when no one is looking 
i really don't feel like moving right now 
