1d9357896582491e692740a4b2789660
i am not another sheep in society!
is feeling like shes missing something 
"is ready for her mini vacation to <propfemale>; the sun, the sand and the water    feels like home and always puts a smile on her face "
is moving furniture this weekend; anyone wanna help?   smile 
had a great time at the pool today with her niece!
is ready for her trip to <propfemale> this weekend!
people's ignorance disgusts me!
is getting off work at 7am and heading to <propfemale> for the weekend 
enjoyed every minute on the beach!
"wishes she didn't have to go to work tonight, but is very happy tomorrow is pay day!"
    sometimes you have to just sit back and wait your turn 
ridin in a 09 impreza; its only a rental  sad   i hope my car never gets outta the shop lol
finger painting with my niece  smile 
playin poker at work; the solitude is driving me mad!
weekend starts at 7am; i cant wait!   playful 
is being bored by her supposedly loving sister  playful   love ya <propfemale>!
is laying in bed staring at the ceiling     wishing i could fall asleep 
is sitting at work; i think ill watch a movie  playful 
"your mouth is moving, but all i hear is blah, blah, blah "
chocolate milkshakes make me happy!
 smile 
happy thanksgiving!   playful 
my job bores the life right out of me 
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, personal or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get     the liar liar test is officially on!"
"playing with my new droid phone, this thing is great!"
i wanna go see avatar on friday!
gettin my caffeine fix so i can start my day   smile 
watching the ole miss v uga game   hotty toddy!
hotty toddy!  ole miss wins!
"que sera, sera "
thanks for all the bday wishes!   smile 
my cell had to be reset; i need <propfirst> people!   playful 
je veux ton amour
c'est la vie
"\politeness is the <propmale> of choosing among your thoughts \"""""
"\politeness is the <propmale> of choosing among your thoughts \"""""
they put up no u-turn signs for a reason people!  to the asshole that hit me     feel my wrath!  muhahahaha
"i called enterprise to have them pick me up, so i could get the rental ill be using while my car is in the shop   they never showed up!  wtf?!?!?!"
my neck and back are killing me from the accident 
just got a makeover at work     lets see what type of reaction i get  playful 
"blah, blah, blah "
c'est la vie 
bored     
"\real achievment is made by outsiders because normals are content \"""""
dekalb tried to charge me $3 to park in a lot across the way from the court house    you should have seen that security guard chasing me hahaha
i need to call 96 1 to let them know who the true douche of the day is!
searching for new employment 
my nephew has arrived! <propfirst> is a whole 5lbs    yay!
in need of a halloween costume; any suggestions?
"every great dream begins with a dreamer  always remember, you have within you the strength, the <propfemale> and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world  - - -<propfemale> tubman"
"que sera, sera "
cooking breakfast; hungry?  playful 
do people actually watch these ghetto ass trailer trash people on maury? this shit will rot your brain; i cant believe this shit is still on the air!  id rather watch infomercials 
"sittin at mom's house, its yuckie out   hopefully tomorrow will be nicer so we can take kenzee <propfemale> to the planetarium "
its been a long stressful day     glad to be home 
happy bday marines! thanks for all you do!
"spent about 3 hours in the uniform shop trying to find something to fit; i wish id grow, been stuck this size since 6th grade!   sad "
just got in from work     come on ole miss!
"cleaning house; i wish i had <propfemale> powers, just a twitch of the nose  playful "
missing my cosmo family and starting to worry about their safety   sad 
"hmmm, the q&a game    guess ill play too   inbox me a q and ill post the a    playful "
"q: do i remember you from school?\a: its been ages, but yes i remember you!  youve gotten taller and thinner since we were kids, but you still look the same  smile   ps    you made some cute babies!"
in need of entertainment 
 smile 
hotty toddy!
"if anyone receives an email from my gmail account do not open it, its a virus  sad "
i made a snow angel!
i want to thank everyone for the bday wishes!  you guys are amazing!   love 
"????? ?????????????????\it's nieces week! if you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ????? \i dont participate in copy paste statuses, but i had to with this one! <propfemale> and mckenzee, i will always be here for you, no matter what, you guys are amazing!"
