8743649211a8381982b05141c1acd95d
woah last night was awesome!
if last night was so awesome why does today have to suck
e playful lorers at the fire dept today was awesome  got to go on 2 ride outs
it's cold!!
can't get that thought out of my head  such a terrible thought   
is going to go get ready for youth conference 
yeah  so my room mates got a hold of my password    wasn't too happy about that 
just got back from camp  had alot of fun  pretended i was catholic in a all morman camp  get encircled by smelly old dudes that sang happy birthday for me  got busted for swimming in a dangerous spot  but 12+ wolf spiders and 4 black widows later i finall
what would you be like if the most important thing to you was taken from you
lost charger and my phone is almost dead 
going to the craftsmen truck series tomorrow
oh my god i still have to start reading my summer reading book 
grounded 
p1- algebra  swanson p2- english  price p3- biology  winstead p4- world history  moore p5- study p6- spanish  flores p7 jrot  fields
is going to the lake tomorrow
got ungrounded today but wont have my phone till school
got school stuff today    and  more contacts!
going out to eat to celebrate my mom's birthday
is doing research on how to fix one of my typewriters 
yeah today pretty much sucked  one of the worst so far
hmmm it seems like every night it gets harder and harder to fall asleep  starts to suck after a couple weeks 
sweetness! got 100's on all the permit practice tests!
who knew wood is such a jerk!
i hit my head    stupid wood always getting in my way 
"i hate people who think they know everything, because in reality  they have no clue "
i'm so confused right now   
i've been really optimistic today even through all the uncertainty 
im gonna be sick
ok root canals suck! but atleast i got the job at break studios
really dont want to wear my uniform today
anyone have a cassette- ipod converter thing
checked out of our hotel in gatlinberg early  they had too many renovations going on  found a new place in pigeon forge
home
i need some serious bandaides cause i just got shot in the face! lol
"im second guessing everything and it's really starting to get on my nerves, but i can't help it "
fml
"so much to do, so little time "
no matter what i do it always seems like i come out as the bad guy when im just looking out for my happiness 
family coming into town tonight  should be fun
cleaning out the garage all day
<propfirst> timberlake is the new second coming of jesus 
had an amazing day hanging out with <propfemale> paturno and <propfemale> beyke! it was awesome!
got 6 wisdom teeth removed tuesday  bleh  my cheeks are puffed out like a chimpmunk
im even more confused than before 
"going to the movies, later"
hope i can fall asleep tonight 
finally home  had an amazing night
oh my god absolutely nothing to do
strikeforce:nashville  really wanted to see henderson k o  shields in the first round  unfortunately didn't happen 
interenet is being gay and not working
"looking back on how things played out  it can extremely distressing or completely untroublesome  however, no matter how much we may wish that things may have been different, we can not undo what has already made done  all that we may do is try to mend the broken strings "
"on the day of judgement, what will we say to god when we try to justify our sins "
"great  i feel like crap, again  another migraine decided to come at the perfect time!"
"linkin park- not alone  try to imagine this happening to us in <propfemale>  how will you react? what will you do? where would you go? in these troubled times, uncertainty surrounds us  we can't escape it  we can only face the darkness  over come it  we face this everyday of our lives "
got back from michigan today  fun road trip man 
lovely  my phone is officially busted  hopefully getting a new one tomorrow 
ok got a new phone but lost all my contacts and pics  still have the same number so just text me 
"all-in-all, today was a bad day "
"why does life have to be fricken complicated? cant things ever go right or atleast somewhat in the right direction, i mean seriously"
i'll catch up on sleep when i'm dead  for now i think i'll stay up and enjoy how much life can suck 
is amazed how fast word spreads   
god im so effin pissed! if your gonna act like you care then just leave me alone and let me do what i want!
why is there drama when no one causes any?
i think it'd be best if i hid myself from the world right now  
why is it whenever you need the internet its never there for you
yes! my internet finally decided to work!
"i don't know why, but <propfirst> barker's tattoos are so ba!"
i wonder what it would be like to fly 
"what a coincidence, me and my mom have a migraine in the small part of our brain "
what do you do when you get the feeling that time doesn't exist?
"just got back from the movies  all-in-all, had a pretty good day "
"if you had only one match and entered a room in which there was a wood-burning stove, an oil burner, and kerosene lamp which one would you light first?"
yes! i finally sneezed! lol
it really is true what they say about how high school goes by so fast
so a bird flew at the car while i was going 55  he wont be flying again
jclc in the morning!
"hey bay tre, no homo "
i'm gonna miss you bay tre'  it doesn't feel like home without <propmale> running around naked lol  no homo
i wonder if life would be easier or more difficult if you could see peoples thoughts 
i love watermelon!
packing yet again 
"\i'm so busy i don't know if i found a rope or lost a horse \"""""
i got a song  stuck in my head but i cant put a name with it! gah!!! this is so frustrating
leaving for d c  today  yay still got alot of packing to do 
"all packed, ready to leave  see ya in 2 weeks"
"currently in the town of woodstock, on my way to d c  first stop: the white house  sucks i cant take my phone or camera in there"
the white house is so amazing  the place is filled with beautiful <propmale>  i would die to have one of those paintings
today was <propfemale> much fun  plain and simple
finally home  feels good to be off a bus
so i found out that my camera is broken while i was in d c  that was such a buzz kill
going to the races tonight  yay
went to the river today with <propmale> and <propfirst>  had so much fun
good news everybody  <propfirst> won!
"am i your sense of relief, or am i more like your burden  don't matter it won't keep me from this train that i'm bordin'  you've been how close to my heart with every quarter guitar and keys of the piano  this is where we must depart  ~consider this goodbye"
"thisweek we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met or those we have held but could not take home  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority of you won't do it because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all angels! ? ??"
is it just me or does it already feel like friday?
"if you lock your wife and your dog in the truck of your car, who do you think will be the one to jump out and kiss you?"
"so much to do, so little time "
if only she knew 
"playing fetch with my dog today, he drops the ball, pisses on it, picks it back up and tries to hand it to me"
got milk?
don't tell me the sky is the limit when there's footsteps on the <propfemale> 
"\no that gum is global warming it will kill you!!\"""""
made it to kentucky just to find out that i left my phone charger at home    great 
"so my cameras broken yet again, this time i have absolutely no idea whats wrong with it!"
tornado warning! with the tornado six some! oh yeah
goin to the races
nothings better than the smell of burnt rubber and the sound of reving engines
feelings mutual
"watchin the boogeyman2, txt me!@"
what would you do if the whole world literally stopped and stared at you when you smiled?
"ohh sleep, why do you seem to evade me when i need you most?"
"fish are friends, not food!"
i can believe it's not butter
i feel like watching a movie  any suggestions?
packing my bags ohh im ready to be in the mountians
just smile and wave boys  smile and wave 
"back from holiday in pigeon forge, ready to catch up on some zzzz"
"dude, tomorrows friday!"
bk doesn't serve the angry whopper anymore    this makes me angry  grrr!!
why do all the radio stations take commercial breaks at the same exact time?!
"itunes, why do you hate me? seriously "
if you could wear the iron man suit what would you do?
one more exam to go
"just finished up packing, leaving for arizona first thing in the morning! peace!"
"finally made it to pheonix, we goin to be stayin at <propmale> and tiffanys place  and my mom would like to see all family members this trip"
oh yeah!! 72 degrees tomorrow i love it here hahah
going to the hard rock cafe
home from arizona!
"i just got done watching the box, and i have no idea what that movie was about lol"
whats with the zodiac signs changing?? ahhh all jacked up  now i gotta new zodiac
dog food- 32 99\\ncollar-12 49\\ncomical value of dogs-priceless
"that 3 o'clock feeling sucks, someone needs a 5-hour energy shot "
trust me  i'm a doctor 
makin a pizza with the family!
the simplest things in life are the best
today just wasnt my day 
when every things meant to broken i just want you to know who i am 
