52cd7dd6a31ca225410f3cffb6bf2ee1
"after countless hours of tearing up carpet from our steps, removing a million staples, and hours and hours of sanding them, we are ready to stain the steps today   anyone that has done this before, i would appreciate any feedback on it!"
getting ready for work and facing monday! yukkk
"happy birthday in heaven to my precious daughter <propfemale> <propfemale>  we miss you so very much every day  thank you for all of the love, joy and happiness you brought into our lives when you were here  you will be forever alive in our hearts  love always, mom, dad, joy and <propfirst>"
"every\person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i\know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be \the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer"
"it is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live  and, they don't hold grudges  they    understand that life is busy, but you w    ill       always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends "
because it is our <propmale> to speak up!use that <propmale> every single election day!!!!tell your friends why you're voting  join the commit to vote challenge!
"i have a rare day off today  helping <propmale> celebrate his birthday today   making a pumpkin cheesecake, going out to vote and then dinnner with family!"
it is only going to be in the 40's for tomorrow?? i hate this time of year and i don't even know where my sweaters are yet!
"believes\in jesus christ   one of my facebook friends challenged all believers \to put this on their wall  in the bible it says, \if you deny me in \",52cd7dd6a31ca225410f3cffb6bf2ee1,"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this  it would be nice to see this on everyone's wall """
"glorious saturday off   no one is telling me what to do today, freedom   i am making home made soup and chocolate chip cookies  basking in the sunshine in between!"
"happy thanksgiving  i hope everyone has a great day with family, friends and great food  i hope all have many blessing in your lives to be grateful for "
black friday shopping!  i can't even remember what the hell i would be looking for and gettting up so early on a day i have off?  why? why?
trying to muster up the ambition to start my saturday cleaning         got to get moving here!
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does       <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas
"<propfemale> christmas to everyone   i hope you all have a great holiday   to family i won't be able to see, you are in my thoughts !"
"don't need an angel on my christmas tree, i already have one in heaven\looking down on me  please put this as your status if you have someone\in heaven!"
"celebrating new years day is one of societies oldest holidays, and it is celebrated all over the world   a time of reflection of the year that we are leaving behind and a <propmale> of renewal in the coming year   happy new year to all and i hope everyone has happiness and great things to come for them all year long "
just finished hell week at work   glad i have the weekend to chill from it!
"please copy to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who has their head stuck up their ass  people who have their head up their ass disrupt the lives of many  and although there is still no cure for someone who has their head up their ass, we must remain hopeful  please help raise awareness!!! as 93% of people won't re-post this  why??? because they have their head stuck up their ass too"
"thinking about the horrible killings in arizona yesterday  what kind of person kills a little girl, 3 elderly women, not to mention the judge that was killed? i pray that giffords pulls through this and that all the other people who were injured survive   i pray that who is responsible for this burns in hell for all of eternity and justice is served!"
enjoying the afternoon   making stuffed peppers for my family   nice to look out the window at the pretty snow out there   i don't mind the snow on a sunday!
going out for a girls night out!
my computer crashedon wednesday and it is still out for repair  that means no fb! what a week!
computer is back up!
"packing my son's lunch tonight because he is going to the metro  of <propmale> museum in nyc tomorrow   i so envy him and i wish i was going too!  school trip, but i have to work!  this is his last school trip i think because he graduates this year "
1 2 time sucked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am making snickerdoodle cookies and toffee bars for my valentines     
"happy birthday in heaven to my mom   there is nothing in the world like a mom's love  i am so grateful to her for all she did for me, all the love she gave, and knowing that she always had my back "
going out to dinner tonight with the family to celebrate my son's 18th birthday   i can't believe the baby of the family is already 18! time has flown by!
"for the rest of february please change your profile image to your dog, cat or favorite animal  the object? not to see a human face on fb until feb  28  this is a campaign to raise awareness against the cruelty of animals  please copy and paste to your profile <propfemale>  thank you!  smile  let's be their voice! p s : don't be cruel, don't tie your dog outside 24 7 "
"wise old person once said(for all i know it was my friend penni)there comes a time in life,when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh,forget the bad, and focus on the good  so love the people who treat you right,pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is a part of life"
"upgrade being done today to the computers at work   so while the system is down, i have a great 3 day weekend!"
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones who will!! think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer  my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting     i hope to see this in the status of all my family and friends
