c15b0cc5a922c944c38996c71ff385b4
party hard!
"females be flaky like a mf!, but     we already kno that   ha! females    "
hungry and bored        
"\they are only 2 opposite things at once if you take them both at the same time     \"" elaborate sum1   if u can"""
i need a massage
"just woke up      again      ha, im such a lazy bastard    sum1 entertain me    entertain me clowns!!!!!"
i need something to do tonight          hang out with sum1    any1   really im fucked up bored hit me up asses     4 more days
mmmmmmmmmmmmmm  bored
"the days end and the nights beginning, seeing only what i want doin what needs to be done     if you think      you shall kno      but if you kno then you will be ignorant to thoughts unforseen     sooo       get yah mind right ! ahhh sum1 comment on this cuz i kno ya'll out there readin this is already confused       "
"mmmm scotch   i like scotch    mmm scotch in my belly                who can tell me where thats from, lol"
ahhh this is whats on my mind      money    fun    and just being a better man
"lyrics come tah me, when i write a song its like writing a symphony     dont let me show you how my rhymes destroy, i send meteors and asteroids        the sun cant out shine me, im like heaven          with electricity"
check it out!
"ahhh phone got stolen tonight    but     thats okay cuz its locked lmao and its about to die, so when they turn it on they have to enter my code lmao, waist of time"
"in about a month my room will be ready to be posted up on here for everyone to see, jus gotta buy some new couches and other things        laugh  and a new t v lol mines is out of date"
yea my room is hella big its 26x14 ima be puttin up pics pretty soon maybe like a month and as for the life here better than i would have thought
i heart beer!   laugh 
god doesnt make us who we are     but     it       does make us what we are             
"well    i started \training yesterday and     get this    its a bitch    so i just might \have to put a leash on her     ohh and   first run     3 <propmale> bitches \ laugh  can't believe i did it on the first try   28 mins  but     i can get \better i'll be postin up a poster or   pic or w e of what my training \entails for this first week but    after that its gonna be even worse    "
"ay yo! fuck tha bull shit stay on you and only you it's time tah be selfish and be you no reason not to, stay up stay on top     and when i say on top i mean on top of you get wit it"
ok! i have my phone back but!!!!     i have no <propfirst> soooo      give me your <propfirst> people!!!!!!
thee first day of the completion of the marsoc short card!   laugh  with a 25 <propfemale>  3 mile      hmmm better than 28   laugh      !
the age quiz is gay
mmmm sausage and eggs wouldn't you like some special sauce with that? <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>
idk what to do
"whats on my mind?      this      stop with tha damn \i like it     (insert place here)\""        shits gettin real tiresome and the only thing i can think of whenever i read it is     really? thats where you like to have sex    ? well     thas coo   """
"i jus thought i would welcome my lovely facebook family to my life   laugh  gettin ready for work in a half, 3 hrs  of sleep       - -  night shift + day shift =  really tired"
i'm bored
well it seems like everyone is getting sick and i still have yet to get sick and winter is almost over hahahahah my immune system is god like   laugh 
"ahhhh yes, as i predicted the packers threw the ball str8 down pittsburgh's throat they basically got deep-throated ha!"
