54d73c640deef6e2e857a5c19a0b9d3a
so this is face book eh? interesting   
thinking about getting a new tatoo
kicking it at ing  i love this place
havn't been on here for a while  forgot what to do  guess i'll drink
f-ing tired
fucking hates everybody  everyone can go fuck themself(unless your on my friends list)
cant sleep
got off work early damnit   
busy on his day off  figures
"cant sleep, has headache  awsome!"
support your local green house  gas emmiters!
-yawn- 9am is too early
vikes suck
first day off after 7 longs days in a row at work  sweet!
"holy crap  i was playing fetch with my cat, throwing a q-tip he likes to play with  out of no where he just ate the whole thing?! stupid ass cat!"
"just watched the <propfirst> moore interview on hannitys america   and yeah, moore just waisted 30 minutes of my life spitting out noncence"
off to work
"so after i funny look from tash  i looked back and said \what? im just eating my muffin\"" it was a real muffin"""
slept for 11 hours and still feels like shit
its time for bed
"bleh, woke up yesterday sick  haloween came ane went  i never even noticed it was a holiday"
needs sleep  feel's like crap  goodnight   
so the house passed the health care <propmale>  that sucks
meh
hungry
there are several different types of feathers 
snow   guh the white demon is alive again this year   
meh
is off to work and has no money for gas 
is tired an bleh
cant sleep
what a lazy day of not doing anything important   
"senate passes the <propmale> care bill   lets just keep digging that grave into a socialist uptopia! <propfemale> fing christmas everybody! you all get higher taxes and an extreme downgrade in your quality of health care! but hey atleast their intentions are good right? \the worst things imanginable were done with the best of intentions\"""""
<propfemale> christmas!
"so i had a f-ing weird dream where i was at work and my head got cut off some how  instead of waking up i kept dreaming on where the only way i could keep myself alive was to hold my head in place  at one point i wasnt holding it in place right and i started to suffocate  yeah it makes no sence, but i woke up later feeling really nausiated and disturbed i keep rubing my neck to make sure my head is where it should be"
"\ smile \"" at the end of sentences so you cant get mad  smile """
"got rid of texting so don't bother texting us, we won't get it"
light green
has to work tonight  why must i need money? it takes away from my laying around and playing video games and hanging out with <propfemale> time   
supporting breast cancer is great and all but it seems like the whole thing about posting up your underwear color was started by a guy to get his jollys off 
just got paid and only has 40 bucks bucks left after bills   it just aint right
geeze people are gunna be pissed if the vikes don't win tonight  smile 
damn i can't wait for the new <propfemale> in wonderland movie to come out  it looks freakin sweet!
whats so bad about the new fb layout?
"watched the superbowl commercials online   yup maybe 4 of them were funny and the majority of those 4 were doritos commercials  the one from vw about the tdi with the \green police\"" in it actually just made me mad"""
happy birthday tash!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
hopes tash had a good bday  good food and good company earlier tonight usually makes for a good day  smile 
was just reminded that he hasn't watched the red green show in a long time  definatly one of the greatest shows ever made!
been going threw some really old blogs i wrote on myspace   smile 
lets get this party started!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
is slowly piecing all of the pieces from last night together
http annoyed  www glennbeck com content articles article 198 38253 
"yes - i have children     err i mean a cat! if you come over unannounced there will be toys from one end of the house to the other, dishes in the sink, and hell, there might even be food crumbs on the floor! but we will be happy, and that's all that matters to us!    re-post this if you have a house like mine!"
"geeze, we go to the bar for one drink and almost ended up having to kick some drunk guys ass for being a stupid ass  good time "
happy easter and stuff!
is in classic rock mode lately
super man has returned!
iv in my hand  let the boredom commence!
is meh
i'm excited to work tonight!
this update is for <propfirst>  don't worry i refilled the paper towels in the mens bathroom!
yawn
is in a good mood  got a creditor paid off and another one half paid off  smile 
holy iced coffee batman!
"\whats the difference between sausage and beef?\""   really?   """
eatin soup and sipping margaritas
needs to stop sleeping in so late
lol oops  i shouldn't be allowed to use an oven
tea party today!
youtube has made me uncomfortable  sad 
feels like a good day to play pantera really loud
38
is being very lazy today
metallica : the black album is whats playing tonight
is hot for teacher
had a good day yesterday  smile 
s o a d
air conditioning is the best thing ever  smile 
went to the jy today and saw my old jeep there  kinda depressing but atleast they havnt crushed it yet
whats +hat satan? you want your dumbass wing demons to control the masses on wednsdays?
goodtimes lol
has been awake for over 24 hours as of 10 am
gunna be a long 2 days
5 bucks it wont last
dremt about driving transams and my old gsr all night
damn you <propfirst> bieber and your stupid ass white friends
watched <propfemale> trek got an oil change now i'm sipping coffee  it's a good morning
wow the minnesota zoo puts albuquerque's to shame
slept for 14 hours and feels great!
geeze it sounds like they are murdering a baby dinosaur next door
wish i had the night off  too tired for anyone's crap tonight
oil change new filter plugs and wires  i'm ready to rock  smile 
has the codec sound from metal gear solid as my ring tone  smile 
"mashed potato, brown gravy?"
ahh! craft world herpies is on me!
fyi clue isn't fun at all with all 6 players
on a mexican radio   
goodbye <propmale> hello hours  smile 
shatterd glass and a cut on my hand is how im starting my day off
just got done taking care of the cats at lucky's place  i'm in a good mood
just realized cinco de mayo falls on a damn wednesday this year and i close   
learn to drink responsibly goddamnit!
"anyone that says the government can spend my money better than i can, can kiss my ass"
my final creditor has found me  lets do this!
hey ma!lock the screen door and untie the dog! a tornada is rollin in!
glaringtra l film    that's what t9 spelt out as i button mashed
driving all night my hands wet on the wheel do do do do do  been awake for 24 hours and counting still got 900 <propmale> to go
i haven't been in the south west for more than a minute and crack heads already asking me for money
is in the sedona arizona area and has no signal  being here makes me miss the desert  its too bad the people really suck for the most part
i'm gunna be in the burque in about 5 hours  for today only
watched avatar and was disappointed  tried to watch loose change and got really bored
on route 66
i'm in liberal kansas and i'm watching my wallet very closely
another day of driving  sad  i can't wait
kansas sucks  not only are there toll roads but saw on the news they are raising sales taxes
is mentally exhausted and might be getting sick  i need rest
fml these cats are driving me crazy!
jp dgt tqj + +tpm +@jgt! fml ahh! fuck! damnit!
geeze we need a vacation
our electric <propmale> is only 19 bucks! hell yeah!
feels like moving to arizona
"\what was the husband's name from <propfirst> and <propfemale> plus 8? oh yeah <propfirst>!\"" - <propmale> in a tired stupor  smile """
sweet child of mine wearing cheap sun glasses
damn this humidity  i miss the desert   
just drove a jet ski for the first time today  it was awesome!
bleh record highs today  i'm not going anywhere
wish i slept more last night
well that was a long ass day
gunna make like a jeep and get hitched today  smile 
if i go crazy will you still call me superman?
got laundry done today  damn it feels good to be a gangster!
learn to drink responsibly god damnit!
off to work i go
rock and roll ain't noise pollution!
already been a whole week of marriage
is in need of a good adrenalin rush
would you like bone in or bone out wings tonight? what's the difference? - dumb customer question of the night
living the freakin dream
wants chocolate damnit
just heard i mixture of lady gaga and metallica   no just no
hoop there it is! boom shaka laka!
wal mart rules
<propfirst> i encourage your bad idea fully  smile 
is suddenly down with the sickness
has been awake for about 26 hours straight  somehow this has been one of the most productive days we've had
"my phone informed me that my memory was full, so i put most of the pics i have onto face book    enjoy!!!"
bleh  its gunna be hard to make it threw obama's speech without puking a little
is really disappointed to find out the older skyline at <propmale> and <propfemale>'s apartment is an automatic  sad 
happy fathers day to those of you who decided to stick around!
is feeling good and is ready for work!  smile 
can't believe how bad planet terror sucked
blah! i hate chafing!
support your local green house gas emitters  smile 
"lucky's place animal shelter is hosting a massive garage sale and it is coming to a close this weekend! (8am-5pm address: 1550 95th ave sauk rapids) we're raising funds for an intake infirmary room for our new arrivals and those who require some extra tlc  cost of the project is about $4,500, any donations would be greatly appreciated "
is thinking about getting into the black market due to the government banning incadecent light bulbs in a couple of years
humidity blows
"air conditioning, i love you <propfemale> much!"
thinks the re make of the song bad company kinda sucks
i guess i never got the memo!
anyone else hear about the supreme courts decision regarding chicago's gun ban?
2 hours later my hand hurts along with a headache  pain can give me a break today
so after a couple hours in the er turns out to be nothing  sigh
pinche chingow!
making pancakes for breakfast  smile 
<propfemale> sticky and sweaty    sad 
its a good night to play pantera really loud
what is it about pink <propmale> that just kicks so much ass?
might be my last night at the hut for a while
why do these fucking mosquitoes keep biting me on my fingers!? fuckin ass holes!
jeeps rule!
fucking a   
geeze worked kicked my ass today
is it just me or are morning shows really annoying? i just wanna hear some freakin music on my way to work
is developing a tan line from my wedding ring  smile 
first day off in a while 
and tash made 36 bucks today at <propfemale>'s garage sale! thanks again <propfemale> for the invite!
in soviet russia pants pee on you!
working at the hut tonight  just like riding a bike
gunna be some nasty weather today   
shake it like a polaroid picture!
strobe lights lie   
on my way to my first job in my new work truck  smile 
nodding my head like yeah!
why are elevator rides so awkward some times?
wasn't supposed to have today off but thought i did   oops
it's pay day for me baby!  smile  now the next 2 week wait begins   
just got done watching v for vendetta again  i forgot how awesome that movie is!
"just drove my car for the first time in a month, geeze i guess i don't have a lot of use for it now   "
tomorrow's pay day baby!
geeze why does green day suck so bad?
on my way to willmar today  this sucks
had a good breakfast today
"is watching the squirrels, and they are <propfemale>"
good thing <propfirst> isn't working tonight  he would have made no money
yes! new walmart grand opening today!
working in <propfemale> today wasn't too bad
"just had an office space moment at the shop while makin copies  \why does it say paper jam when there is no paper jam!   piece of shit\"""""
bought an xbox halo and halo2 yesterday
hi ho hi ho off to work i go
can't wait to have a freakin beer
grumble
10 minutes and counting waiting for a stupid train to move   i don't miss the east side
could go for some corona right now
lol hair cut fail
off to <propfemale> today!
just saw the biggest wiener in my life   and it was awesome!
aww moss and farve on the same team   how romantic
i hope all winter is this nice out
"you and i wake up in jail together, using only four words, what would you say? leave a comment   then copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things yourfriends say   (if you make a comment, you have to put this as your status  fair is fair )"
"kinda funny how my new job gave me a raise, partly for good customer service and compliments from customers, right after pizza hut fired me over one bs complaint"
time to get this party started
is the kind of guy that'll watch pbs but never donate  smile 
road trip time! in willmar all week   
actually found somewhere i dislike more than cloud   willmar   
fuckin a man  haven't seen wind this bad since i was a kid in the desert
"shitmydadsays \he's a politician  it's like being a hooker  you can't be one unless you can pretend to like people while you're fucking them \"""""
"shitmydadsays \he's a politician  it's like being a hooker  you can't be one unless you can pretend to like people while you're fucking them \"""""
worst week ever   
congrats <propfemale> and <propfirst>!
"\the cabs are here!\"""""
happy halloween i guess
fuck
would vote if there was anyone worth voting for
its get the annoying political ads off of tv day!!!
never thought id say this but its good to be back in cloud
"isn't going to vote just for the sake of voting  if we keep swallowing our vomit and voting for douche bags we don't like regardless of party, we're just going to keep encouraging the same ol' crappy politicians"
"alright elections are over! i dont even care who won, but thank god we get our normal commercials back!"
isn't mentally capable of working today
it's friday!
best work day ever!
vikings   lol
friday almost here!
just wanna say thanks to all the veterans i know!
it's friday time!
turned in paper work   3 day weekend baby!
"so much for going out today, we're iced in our parking lot"
it's the walking dead time!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!! be safe of the icy roads today!
time to get the hell outta dodge
got our tree up  <propfemale> christmas!
"\customer is deceased\""   i don't need to know that when i go disconnect their cable   """
gas over 3 bucks a gallon again   
syfy please stop making movies   
this raises awareness how? but whatever vegeta rules!
in <propfemale> today  guess i don't mind a small road trip today
the swiffer vac is a great invention
all i want for christmas is to find this fucking oyster!
hey vikings how about you stop sucking and win a freakin superbowl before we decide if you deserve a new stadium
it's kinda funny  st cloud isn't as bad anymore since i stopped delivering
holy crap i suck a bejeweld blitz
ouch vikes 40 - 14?
snow!
anyone else out there agree with me when i say white castle isn't all that amazing?
well that was a nice hard 2 hour work day
blah green day sucks balls  i can't bitch about them enough
guh fml
"fuck it, i don't care anymore  i'm not working for the rest of the year after today!"
damn a good shower sounds good right now
"my favorite quote of the year happened today \what fucking asshole is it that i know who doesn't like peppermint?\"""""
freakin' balls it's cold out lately
can it be spring yet?
blah
getting taxes done before the 2nd month is a great feeling
aparantly it's bubble wrap appreciation day?
has a guilty pleasure and its name is jersey shore   
geeze fergie way to f-up a great guns n roses song   these half-time shows suck   
doritos still the best commercials
nothing like a good ol cup of coffee to ease my headache
"trying to write a note, but nothing comes to mind   so i'm going threw other people's notes"
"4x4 is amazing, thank god we own a jeep"
"got a summons for jury duty, lame"
is 26 tomorrow    how did that happen?
thanks for all the birthday wises everyone!!
well my condition is good for something i guess  it got me out of jury duty  smile 
"awesome   dirty took a piss all over my jeans  i guess he didn't appreciate me going to lucky's place yesterday, to <propfemale> out with other cats"
"\black and yellow\""   why does this song suck so bad?"""
i find st  patricks day offensive to my people  green beer makes up for this tho  smile 
"freakin tired, sore all over, gotta work today  absdfmlaslfwl;etrja'werjkl"
"took the day off cuz i'm in a lazy mood today  sounded like a good idea at the moment, now i'm worrying about my pay check   "
my new phone makes me feel stupid
nice just found a new dent in my work truck  no idea where it came from  boss isnt gunna be happy
just checked out www davidvee com to see whats new
stupid early morning vet visits   
grumble   what a stupid day
"so i put m hands up, they're playing my song!"
well besides the lack of sleep and possibly getting infected with lyme disease from a deer tick  i had a great easter weekend
being sick is lame
hope everyone had a good easter weekend
i don't care if people copy my statys
i have the best wife ever
"am i the only person on here that, 100 percent, doesn't give a crap about the <propmale> wedding?"
i think i need to find a night job  its in my nature to be up all night  were going grocery shopping at 1am
"in the famous words of <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> <propmale>'s brother, \thanks i could help bro!\"""""
stupid ass drunk people buzzing us at 3 in the morning  not gunna be able to fall back asleep now
"awesome, tash goes in the kitchen to get us breakfast and comes back with ice cream  coolests wife ever!"
the game angry birds has taught me that pigs are jerks and deserve to die
"hellz yeah, mango salsa pork chops tonight!"
"alright our first box is packed, moving is underway!"
this f-ing app for my droid is ruining my life!
lmao  tango was sleeping on the bed and just let one rip  haha
people scared of heights and or spiders couldnt do my job  i was coverd in spider webs today
dont forget the end of the world starts this week  i'm planning on quitting my job and singing kerokee
wonders if anyone on here actuall believes the end of the world begins tomorrow
some authentic mexican food sounds freakin' amazing right now
ot all day today baby!
well that was a fun rapture  now what?
is in the mood to do some apple  battin'
has learned in his life that wisconsin dairy products are like when you work with someone who is just as good as you are but they only think they're better 
had an awesome first year anninersary with my beautiful wife! thanks to all the people that gaves us congrats!
i'm too old to be moving  today is gunna be fun
a huge thank you to <propfirst> giese for helping us move  you definatly saved our butts
f-ing a  i'm never moving again   
"14 hour work day today, and still didnt hit over time for the week"
"is doing his best to keep his wife happy today  she is having an \angry hate spiral\"" kind of day"""
aww yeah  doesnt get much better than mongos
stuck in a traffic jam  i just wanna go home!
back in benson again today   work is just kicking my ass this week
drove about 220 <propmale> today for work  i'm beat
"\you kids stop monkeying around!\"" just a little inside joke"""
only been awake 2 hours and it's already an f'd day
has officially been at my job a year as of today
so after trying to wipe our computer  i accidentially ran the restore cds from an old computer  now our computer is officially in a coma   oops  any suggestions?
the dirt-rat now has new worries as he comes face to face with his new nemesis   the laptop! will he ever get <propfemale>'s attention again!?
crazy weather today  i went from sweating bullets to almost getting killed in a tornado
working for a utility company is crazy after a storm
"geeze, what a crazy day  i got to go into blocked off areas to work on some downed lines  st cloud looked like a small war zone"
"finally, after working 6 years straight on the 4th, i got to watch the fire works with tash  smile "
is every damn shufflin'!
sweet another storm is coming   
"\you like dags?\"""""
is gunna enjoy a well deserved day off with tash and his sister-in-law
had the best day ever yesterday
i hope today is better than yesterday
anyone else try google+ yet? i can't say i'm that impressed
"tried a spoon full of miracle whip and some diet coke together, out of curiosity, last night    i don't really recommend it "
i keep forgetting to ask if anyone needs a google + if so send me a pm
gunna be in fergus falls the next 3 days  its gunna be weird being away from tash and the cats
off to fergus falls!
"k,jmsxhdcm"
let it rain
feels like messing around at 9 mile hill
"for you people on bicycles  if you wanna share the road with us cars then follow the same rules like stopping at stop signs  if you blow threw a stop sign, dont get all pissy if you almost get hit"
has discovered luchianos pizzeria  good stuff
minecraft > wow
and today marks the beginning of working a month and a half straight
i was elected to lead not to read!
   migrane  this sucks
sweet got off work early  its funny when a 12 hour day is an early one  already at 4 hrs ot and still have 3 full days to go this week
i need a vacation
well that was a fun 80 hr work week  no days off for me in the near future
"keeps getting luchianos version of <propfirst> deliver to me   this keeps up, no more luchianos"
dont even have time to catch up on everyone's status updates  i only have time to log on and post a pointless one up 
off to work i go
"\day-off\""    wtf is that again?"""
finally had a day off yesterday  it was pretty awesome  went to ikea and got to see some good friemds
is doing an install for the wing street bandit  i better make sure i lock my truck while im here  he says hi to the old hut employees btw  smile 
actually bought something for myself last night on impulse   now my check book hurts but it was worth it
geeze 2 days off in a row  i'm not sure what to do with myself
lol vikings
some peoples children should be downed at birth
