dcc5c671e28294abf67c5be7aeb95374
"to all my family and friends, the lights that have guided me here and the ones that will see me through, here's to a very happy and fulfilling new year   make this new year your own, and make it one to remember!"
"i don't play mafia wars or yoville   marriage rule #27: share everything but your passwords, people "
"so, it appears that the farmtown facebook app has a malicious ad that's been popping up recently   we've gotten a lot of people at the geek squad who've been infected with personal antivirus as a result of clicking on a popup they encountered while playin"
"eat your dog and steal your kids, do not click yes when it offers to fix your problems   it's fake, it's malicious, it will in fact eat your dog   just say no, folks "
"just got back from a most awesome <propfemale> knights game   <propmale> to tie in the bottom of the ninth, then a bases-loaded shot to the gap for the win!  the kids had a blast, go knights!  smile "
"wtf is it with flixter?  i can never finish their tests   i get to the <propfemale> where it wants to know who to send it to, and none of the $#*%ing buttons work   screw flixter "
r i p  <propmale> 
"to recap: i bought a semi-new laptop, blew a front tire on the <propfirst> and missed most of <propfirst>'s baseball game, <propfirst>'s team won said tournament game, and <propfirst> got a hit!  yeah, an eventful afternoon evening, i must say "
"is back from a very close, hard-fought tournament game   hats off to the braves for a heckuva game!  now on to the cardinals for round two on friday (and hopefully another game on saturday)!"
"sick days suck   sleeping all day and lounging around with nothing to do is supposed to be fun, but i feel too much like crap to enjoy it   blah "
"well, it's been a long day, and it's a bit late for it, but <propfemale> christmas, everyone!  smile "
"<propfemale> murphy, now the rev    makes you wonder who'll be the third   rip "
"happy new year, everyone!  here's to a year full of joy and hope, love and wonder!"
the panthers are amazingly consistent at blowing opportunities  looking forward to a change next year  here's hoping luck decides to come out early!
"bears-packers is shaping up to be easily the best game so far today  both defenses look nasty, lots of flying around the ball  classic nfc north football "
watching my kids buzz their little rc helicopters around the house has made me want a big-boy version to take to the park   i think i might have just found my birthday present this year   
"thank you for everything, conan   you handled a terrible situation with dignity and class, and we look forward to seeing you in september, wherever you may land   team coco for life!  salute"
"still playing the waiting game with little <propfemale> (or will it be <propfemale>?)   as glad as i am that <propfemale> didn't go into labor in the middle of the snow, i think we're both ready to have this baby already!"
some observations after six days out of work: 1  being lazy around the house isn't nearly as fun as i remember it being  2  spending all day at home with four kids--every day--will drive any man batshit crazy  3  slippers are still awesome   smile  i can't wait to go back to work!
"just got to the hospital labor & delivery room   now we're waiting for the nurse and doctor to get things started, i guess!"
"the doctor just came in and broke <propfemale>'s water   no idea how much longer this could take, but at least she's still comfortable for now   both grandmothers are here for company as well   yay for free wireless at the hospital   smile "
"oops, i double-published both sets of pictures, lol "
"shitmydadsays -- i don't know if his dad really says this shit, and i don't care   it's awesome "
"i've got some more pictures up, including the first of <propfemale> at home (and truly decked out in pink, lol)!"
"i think it goes without saying, but if a friend of yours posts some weird-looking web link and tells you to visit it, don't   they've been infected with a worm, and it's trying to spread to everyone they know through facebook   if you think you've clicked one of these suspicious links, get your computer scanned asap, and keep an eye on your recent posts for unusual activity "
"i made a twitter account just to be a part of <propmale> ferguson's robot skeleton army   if you don't know who that is, you're a bastard!"
"just a reminder: i do not play facebook games   my wife and children play facebook games   they use my account to do it   i know neither why you need nails nor whether i can provide them, and if you see me online, it likely isn't me   or it is, and i'm just ignoring you   wink "
"i have twitter followers   as in, people i don't know are watching what i say   that's so hot   i kinda like the 140-character limit, too--it takes away the pressure of what to say, since i can't say much anyway   brevity: i dig it "
"thinking about getting a new cell phone   at&t and the iphone, or verizon and the nexus one   suggestions, opinions?"
facebook games have taken over this site   a solid 80-90% of the most recent updates are game updates   is there any way to keep from showing them?
"at what age do babies start blinking? i just watched <propfemale> until my eyes burned, and she never blinked  in fact, the only time her eyes closed was when she started to fall asleep "
apparently even a core i7 and 8gb of ddr3 can't do much to speed up the install time of wow   damn cds 
"had a great easter weekend with the family, and finally got some really great <propfemale> pics  should have them up soon on fb!"
"so, <propfirst>'s jumping now  with both feet in the air, no less  he isn't even two yet! oy, this child is a monster  super cute, though   smile "
tent's poled up and staked down  <propfirst>'s wrestling with a few other scouts  weather's perfect  there are worse ways to spend a friday 
"i look up at the night sky and think, what amazing stripes in the sky! then i realize we're camped under power lines "
"back home again, and feeling completely wiped out   got a haircut and a sunburn; take the good with the bad, right?"
"da ridealong went really well  i think it's something i could do full-time, if a position opens up  kinda reinforced why i love what i do "
"so, after leaving work early (thanks again, <propfemale>), i lost my lunch, hunkered down in bed and topped out around 102 4 degrees  i'm down to about 100 or so now, and blah, i really hate fever sweats "
"do people honestly believe half the bullshit they post on facebook?  i mean, really?"
"question: how long do you deal with a sore throat before calling a doctor?  it's been over a week, and it's gotten neither better nor worse   no other symptoms of illness, just a painful feeling every time i swallow or cough "
"looking forward to a couple of days off   my throat finally stopped hurting for good over the last couple of days, too "
"vote for <propfirst> jr's project and help shepherd elementary get $100k for new equipment!\\http annoyed  www nascar com promos pepsirefresh"
"currently posting from a new linux installation on my laptop   i have to say, i'm digging the new kde   it's like the best of windows 7 and osx, only with an extra helping of awesome "
"gooooooaaaaaaaallllllll!!!! usa back in it, 2-2!"
"way to fight slovenia (and the ref!) back to a draw, usa!"
"wow, england couldn't manage more than a 0-0 draw with algeria  if usa can beat algeria, they move on!"
"usa wins! 1-0 over algeria, usa wins the group!  go usa!!"
"what is it about usa and their apparent penchant for playing from behind?  down 1-0 to ghana after only five minutes of play and getting circles run around them to this point   c'mon guys, let's pick it up!"
"this match is getting seriously physical  1-1 on the penalty kick by <propmale>, now dempsey's drilled to secure yet another free kick near goal   c'mon, dempsey!"
"regular play ends in a 1-1 tie after a late attack by ghana   now we're into overtime!  keep up the energy, usa!"
"aaaghhhh!  seriously, do we have to give up a goal to start playing real soccer every time play stops?!"
"ghana has started flopping like dead fish off a cart right now, and the referee is letting them drag their collective feet at every opportunity   now i see why people complain that soccer players are wimps "
"thank you, team usa: you've given us everything you had, came back time and again, and made us proud to be americans on a global stage "
"happy birthday, <propfemale>!  smile "
"just had a pretty cool chat with <propfirst> mcmurray while helping him with a printer problem at the precinct  very awesome guy, i'll be rooting for him at the brickyard!"
"back from our yearly camping trip!  didn't sleep so well (air mattresses are teh fail), but had a great time with family and old friends   looking forward to next year already!"
"at the age of 4: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16: mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder what mom thinks about this? at 75   : i wish i could ask my mom about this  post this if you have the best mom in the world!"
"it's occurred to me that i never actually post anything on here--i just let applications and such post for me   so, here's my updated status annoyed \<propfirst> rallis is energetic and optimistic for absolutely no good reason "
"anyone who happened to get a cove church mailer in his her mailbox today: my mom's in the picture (upper right, light hair and glasses)   say hi, mom!  smile "
tagged (#73 smile  and warming up for the historic mooresville 5k! #running
so  hungry 
is this big ten country?  no?  then why the $#&% am i  watching wisconsin-msu instead of texas-oklahoma?  wtf?
"first it's wisconsin-michigan state instead of the red river $#%&ing shootout, now we're blessed with washington-usc instead of stanford-oregon?  so a #9-#4 matchup isn't worth showing us?  really?  seriously, is it dish or just being in the southeast that's screwing up my saturday?"
"well it goes like this, the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall and the <propmale> lift, the baffled  <propmale> composing hallelujah "
"any nascar fans out there?  if so, how do you do it?  watching <propfirst> <propmale> putter around until the <propmale>, then get the championship gift-wrapped with the unchanging track selection, year after year    seriously, i'm trying to enjoy it, but it's like watching pro wrestling--no matter how badly you want it to be otherwise, you already know who's going to win "
"helpful advice: you want me to give a rat's ass about your problems? don't act like you just stepped off the bus from douchebagistan, and i just might "
"okay, am i the only one who's been really uncomfortable with the direction glee has gone lately?  specifically referring to the way will's character is being written  i still like the show, but i find myself wanting to skip forward every time he's interacting with <propfemale> or <propfirst>   it feels vacant and transparent, not engaging or interesting at all "
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by a dragon  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have been eaten by dragons  the other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers "
"ugh--first a weekend-long toothache, now i've got the flu or something  i just want to feel well again "
yet another championship <propfirst> <propmale> wouldn't have won without the <propmale>  five straight--that record needs an asterisk or something to separate it from everything pre-<propmale> 
"honestly, is there anything better than a holiday parade with our family? the mooresville parade hasn't even started yet, just <propfemale> and me sitting here watching cars and people, and i'm loving it   smile "
"great showing against #4 k-state, big win for the blue devils  congrats on win #800 for coach k!"
"wow, i snapped over 500 photos at the parade  it'll take time to sift through them all, but i'll try to get some posted of the kids   smile "
"well, i gashed my thumb trying to repair a kitchen chair, but otherwise, it's a wonderful holiday with the family  happy thanksgiving, everyone!"
"2022 fifa world cup to    qatar?  seriously?  i guess money really can buy everything   annoyed   to the us bid committee: thanks for trying, guys "
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same! until monday (dec 6th) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children  join me!"
"facebook's character limit on status updates won't allow me to say what i want, and i won't cut it down to fit  please read my first comment instead "
"uncle <propfirst>'s funeral service was beautiful; i held it together pretty well through the entire ceremony, but lost it a bit afterward  thanks to my aunt <propfemale> and my cousins for allowing me the privilege of being one of the pall-bearers, i'll never forget it "
"internet e playful lorer 9 is just like google chrome--only, you know, without the speed or efficiency of chrome  what i mean is that internet e playful lorer 9 is just like internet e playful lorer 8, only painted to look like google chrome "
"i can hear <propfirst> swift singing on the <propfemale> show in the next room  seriously mediocre, hardly in tune half the time  as funny as it can be, i wish the auto-tune had never been invented "
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
time to dig out the car and try to make it to work  this should be interesting   
snow!
now that is how to jump back after giving up a td!
yessss!!
"even if this is overturned, it's a chip shot  fuck  next <propfemale> will draft fairley, just to rub in how much i dislike auburn "
block it   block it    c'mon   
"well, at least it wasn't cam \even my dad's a cheating pos\"" <propmale> scoring to win """
"seriously, who's wearing atlanta's uniforms? i figured on green bay to win, but i didn't count on them stomping a mudhole in the falcons "
"busy busy weekend: spent the night with <propfirst> at the science center, bought a new tv and a new suv, now out with <propfemale> and the two squirts getting groceries and lunch  looking forward to a packers win tonight (sorry, <propfirst>)  life is good!"
steelers looking a lot more stiff than i e playful ected  go packers!
"giving the bep a 10 10 for entertainment factor; they haven't stopped going the whole time  nice song transitions, too "
defense steps up again! nice play!
trying to keep up on my phone  do i see turnover on downs with :49 left? a packers win could make dealing with this a little easier 
"finally got my car back, and over $1000 later, it's still leaking and overheating  on top of that, they didn't even perform one repair (water pump replacement), charged us more than quoted for another repair, and apparently couldn't be bothered to bolt my freaking overflow tank back to the body!  lesson learned: first, last, and only time i take a car to that place!"
"au revoir, world of warcraft  my account will be officially closed in three days  (i can always reopen it; i just don't want to )"
thanks for ending my day well  go duke!
"i almost forgot how much i missed \justified\""  awesome damn show """
that was a helluva shootout  i'm looking forward to seeing how daytona shakes out with these new cars and the paired-up racing style  it's definitely more exciting!
"tomorrow, facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening, go to account> home invasion settings> cannibalism> brains, and unclick the \tasty\"" box  please repost  good luck!"""
"with so many records broken in one daytona, it only makes sense for the winner to be historical as well  awesome freakin' finish, huge congrats to <propmale> bayne! just awesome!"
"i'll consider gender equality when <propfirst> bieber can walk into a room without grown women turning into puddles of teary, hysterical goo  seriously lady, he's a minor, and you're staining your pants "
in case you aren't friends with <propfemale>    it's a girl!  smile 
"so, now that we're (pretty) certain of the new baby's gender, it's time for the name list  after pruning some names from my original unpublished list with <propfemale> perrine rallis, here are the top eight, in approximate order of likelihood annoyed \1  <propfemale> (nickname: charlie)\2a  <propfemale> (nickname: kate)\2b  sarah\4  zoey\5  piper\6  claudia\7a  shelby\7b  raelyn"
not gonna whine about refs like tarheels did when duke beat them at home  hard to beat a hot streak like that (52% shooting as a team?) and get nothing from shooters like singler at the same time  we'll see y'all again in the tournament 
ten minutes until justified!  flip your tvs to fx to feast on an hour of awesomeness served up kentucky-style!  smile 
at boys' baseball practices and hoping the vt-duke game isn't closer than the scoring line  go devils!
"congrats to duke for another acc championship! hello? ncaa selection committee? yeah, we'll take that #1 seed, thanks!"
"bracket's already coming apart at the seams, but the games have been awesome so far!"
one of these days i'll learn to play the favorites in my brackets 
memphis got robbed by the refs  i hope <propfemale> comes in the form of a texas-sized boot up arizona's rear 
"thank you for the wonderful birthday wishes, everyone (except <propfirst>)  now it's time for my blue devils to send michigan packing!"
thanks for the birthday present!  go duke!
the refs in arizona's games must be pocketing some mad cash  that's the second straight blown foul no-call to give them a win  so pissed right now 
"so, i bought a ps3  first thought: i haven't used this style of controller in six years, it'll take some getting used to  second thought: killzone is like gears of war, only it's on ps3 and it's named killzone  third thought: i'm going to get absolutely slaughtered in black ops "
i can't watch anymore  somebody tell me this second half isn't happening  this is just ridiculous 
"and my disappoint abates  thanks, kentucky   smile "
"anyone who has considered buying nascar: the game 2011 and hasn't yet, save your money  seriously "
