a62ab4f842f80a08399765108e0f1598
yylc is officially amazing smile   it tired me out though  that and drving forever  o well smile   i'm content and at home   what more can one ask for?
i freaking miss camp! i want ya'll back   or you can come to colorado smile  i wouldn't mind that at all smile 
i miss camp   o well  maybe i can go next year smile  that would make me quite happy smile 
hey i need to call out a favor   if ya'll can pray that my little sister can come home soon that would be awesome   my family needs a little heavenly help  thanks  it means more to me than you know
muhahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahhhhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahah i'm so hyper it's not even funny smile  smile : smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  as yo9u can tell playful  hence the smiley faces and mor than necessarily long muhaha smile 
you can tell someone is a hard worker by the intensity of their farmer's tan smile 
i worked over twenty two hours in thirty six hours! now i'm tired and officially ready to sleep  night ya'll sleep good smile 
an awesome acronym for hope      h old o n   p icture e ternity   pretty good huh? <propfirst> hart gave me that and it hit me pretty hard   what do ya'll think?
life is amazing!  but it's only as good as you want it to be   so don't hold back  go out there and do it!  and don't forget to have fun!  smile 
god is amazing  i'm not gonna lie smile 
i have decided that turning nineteen is officially overlooked   what about turning nineteen is wo much less exciting than turning eighteen? or sixteen? ore ever twenty? i like being nineteen smile  its pretty crackalackin smile  like me!
so the guy i learned from said that viennese waltzing was addicting and i was like whatever  i hate how he was right  i really want to be dancing right now smile 
"true joy comes only after the trial of your faith   for the first time ever, not yesterday, but the sunday before that, i cried because i was so happy smile  for the first time in my life things are looking up   every day i thank god for the blessings he gives me that i don't deserve   i had the opportunity to go to the reflections of christ exhibit   talk about life changing "
"i don't know why god blesses me as much as he does   i'm just going to continue being me and charge forward in life   give god your life and he'll make of it something you've never dreamed   i'm finding this out   and finally i'm totally, completely, and wonderfully happy smile  oh and ps     i'll probably be out on my mission in six months smile "
i started on my mission papers on thursday smile  i can turn them in on the fifteenth of april smile  i can't wait for that   then about two seeks after that i'll have my call i hope smile 
officially excited for my mission smile  can't wait to turn in my papers smile 
not super digging the whole shot thing   i got my heps a and b in one arm and my tetanus in the other  but it's totally worth it!
"ok  so my right arm is just fine   but my left arm, where i got the tetanus, is killing me! darn thing   smile  oh well smile  what can you do? just smile and wave   smile and wave smile  mission prep is going well  can't wait to leave smile  o and i was on the news  krex channel 5 smile  check it out smile "
my arm is better smile  well mostly smile  but it'll be totally better soon smile  looking forward to going to hanging lake tomorrow smile  can't wait to get up in the mountains and figuratively closer to god  isn't god amazing? he is the oinly one that has the ability to make me totally and completely happy smile  i love him smile 
kinda lonely sad  but still very happy smile  knowing god has a plan for me really helps me in some of the harder times  i hate when really good friends move away  it's stupid  but o well smile  i knew it was coming smile  god is in control! thank heavens
if love days that are full smile  unless they're too full  but even then you feel accomplished at the end of them  i love making progress  it makes me feel good smile 
stupid sickness! go a-freaking-way! every time i get sick i realize how wonderful it is to be healthy almost all of the time  i thank god for a healthy and responsive body smile  i have a lot of things to be grateful for smile 
you know how you have the picture in your mind of that perfect someone? and you get discouraged cuz you haven't found them? don't settle for less  become the person you'd loke to marry  god will take care of the rest  put everything in his hands  he's the only one that accomplish anything for you  so let him!
**shoot for the <propfemale>  if you miss you'll still hit the stars**
i've decided that worry is self-imposed  and think about this    worry is faith in the wrong direction  focus on the good and you'll find it  focus on the bad and you'll find it  have faith god will direct your life  give him time and space to work and he'll work so many amazing miracles you'll ask yourself asking why he blesses you so much
so i decided that snow in almost may isn't ok  neither is thirty five degrees! oh well smile  what are you gonna do? i love snow smile  just not when it sticks smile  look around at the beauty  how can one not believe in god? everything everywhere proves his existence smile 
hehe smile  my brother is a married spud smile  i love you syd smile 
"so all i have left for my papers are the financial details and filling out some more insurance stuff smile  then my papers will go in!!!!!!!!!!! whoooohoooooo!!!! (if you cant' tell, i'm super excited smile )"
so i think that working at two thirty in the morning is a little early  woulda been better if i hadnt needed to work both jobs  i'm excited to work though  even if it's not fun  every hour gets me closer to my mission smile  getting closer on my papers smile 
enjoy the little things in life    for one day you will look back and realize they were the big things!
"i hate how during the day, i think of some awesome things to put on my wall or my status, but throughout the course of the day i forget every single one of them  and they're all pretty good too! darn! o! i had sushi for dinner from zen garden smile  i love it soooooooo much smile  and then some smile  i decided life is amazing  but even better when topped off with sushi smile  delicioso!"
"so i think that we all need to be grateful for all  god has given us  first of all we live in the usa  that alone is a bigger blessing than any of us can imagine  thank god for everything  he truly does more for us than we know  \count your many blessings \"""""
"my papers are done!!!!!!!!!!  whooohoooooo! i can\t wait! tonight i'll take the medical and dental evaluations to my bishop smile  it's finally happening smile  hehe smile  i actually feel super giddy smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile   laugh   playful """
i hate how the world degrades women in the way it does  they are to be respected and cared for  not to be abused or forgotten  they have feelings and are to be treated as people  not objects! they are to be treated as the daughters of god that they are!
papers officially done and in to bishop jones smile  soon will follow the interview with pres  summers   and then     we all know what happens smile  hehe smile  i can't wait smile  teaching up some lessons with the missionaries too! i'm just a multitasker! bam!  smile 
"so getting up before five, playing over an hour of racquetball, then going to work for over seven and a half hours, getting food, and then working for six more hours is totally overrated  i don't really reccommend it smile  unless your name is christian and you're trying to put money away for your upcoming, super exciting mission smile  i'm tired but absolutely loving every minute of it!"
so i think that people that go into relationships without thinking of the consequences are stupid  that relationship can totally either make someone's life or break their entire life  be selfless  put others before yourself  if god is first in your life that won't be a problem  think before you act  be responsible  and give your heart to those that deserve it! but give it to god first 
"so tomorrow on the twenty third day of may at 4 smile 0 in the two thousand and tenth year of our lord, i have my missionary interview with president  summers smile  then my papers go to salt lake smile  i've never ever felt better"
so i had my interview with president summers yesterday  i am worthy and willing to serve a two year mission for my lord and savior! to bring others happiness and peace in a world of confusion and chaos  my papers will be sent to salt lake either today or tomorrow  in two weeks i'll know when and where i'm going!  smile 
so my mother got a call from my stake president today    saying that my papers were sent to salt lake on monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hehe smile  i can't wait! maybe i'll know when and where i'm going by next friday! i've never felt better smile  each day is better than the following day! and i thank god for it!
my bishop called me last night about six thirty or seven and told me i had already been assigned to an area and that my mission papers are in the mail headed towards me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i kinda lost all sanity then smile  i was jumping around whooping and hollering smile  it's funny cuz i thought i had been excited before but this totally puts excitement to a whole new level smile 
elder heaton  i think that sounds great! what do ya'll think?
have you ever known that inside an envelope will determiine the course of the next two years of your life but you can't open it til three pm? well that's kinda how i feel smile  my call is sitting on my desk  i'm waiting for my padre to get home at three til i open it smile 
\dear elder heaton,\a62ab4f842f80a08399765108e0f1598,every time i read that letter i get the chills smile  something just tells me that that's where i'm supposed to be and that i will call brazil home before i leave!
i love being up in the morning and taking an early drive to go get some cold cereal you've been craving smile  i love feeling the cool breeze all around me smile  god's amazing!
"so i'm not digging the whole recovery process  i'm still recovering from my sickness last weekend  no early morning racquetball or workout  i feel ugh  but then again i feel great spiritually! and in the end, that's all that really matters!"
so i think being overly tired and exhausted is entirely overrated  i officially think that sleep is good but    there are so many darn things i could be doing besides sleeping! hehe smile  i'm crazy! sometimes i feel like the mad hatter smile  but i just have so many things to do it's ridiculous! o well smile  maybe i'll go to bed now and sleeep smile  or maybe not smile 
so working at a gym has it's advantages  i get to work out for free and play all the racquetball i want smile  i'm very very tired  that seems to be the story of my life nowadays  and i'm only nineteen smile  o well smile  here goes nothing smile 
pizza! i've been craving it since i got home smile  happiness and content are only fifteen minutes away smile  then i get to sleep! whoohoo smile 
tired  tired  tired  throat hurting  tired  tired   smile  did i mention that i'm tired? almost too much work this week  i mean it's good but it's not good too  i have no quiet me time  and i love quiet me time smile  and on my day off tomorrow i have so many things to do it's not even funny! o well smile  such is life smile  i love it!
sickness is totally overrated   i've been out of work for four days   the first day it was a head cold with lots of pressure  same the second day   the third day it moved down to my chest and i coughed my guts out  and today i have the cough and my asthma is acting up  so i can't breathe to cough! i'm sick of being sick!
i am really going to miss yylc this year! i love ya'll and hope to see you soon  thank you for the difference you have made in my life  love ya'll! god bless!
there's nothing better than homemade burgers and buns followed by homemade ice cream smile  i havent been this full in a while  but i'm loving it smile 
the only thing you should really question in life is how much your life and the decisions that you make  help create a positive difference in the lives around you
my heart misses yylc  sorry i couldn't make it ya'll   i want to see tons and tons of pictures! love ya'll!
'stand for whats right  even if you stand alone '
"i love my little sister so much!  smile  so glad she is loving and kind and      no comment     ha ha  smile \\love little sister\       <propfemale>"
"so i love the rain! after having a full month of heat and sun , this past week has been great! i love the smell of rain   the lightning is the best visual and the thunder lets you know you're alive and well  i love it!"
so i decided that going to bed at midnight and then waking up at 4 smile 0 is entirely overrated  just sayin'
so i decided that im not super stoked r4ight now  i got to work on time to unload the truck  an hour and 15 minutes later he calls and says he will be there at 830   so i was up up at 5 instead of 7  ridiculous  its funny the crazy things we do for money
working three of my four jobs today and before the working at the gym i will take a dip in the pool smile  just doesnt get any better than this smile  unless you dont even have to work smile  but thats beside the point smile 
totally dominated at racquetball today! won three games in a row! no competition! boo ya!  smile 
darn rain! i got soaked in drive through at work today  then my car had to make it through a puddle deeper than half my car!
so i kinda had one of those moments when i just realized that i will be leaving in 8 weeks   8 more happy fun nights  8 more saturdays  8 more sundays  8 more  then no more at home for 104 weeks smile  i can't wait!!!!!
"so i kinda had one of those moments when i just realized that i will be \leaving in 8 weeks   8 more happy fun nights  8 more saturdays  8 more \sundays  8 more  then no more at home for 104 weeks smile  i can't wait!!!!!"
so i think that everything in life is based on the decision whether or not to do something  but not deciding is also a decision  make your decisions good ones cuz they fabricate your life
"i think that working crazy stupid hours is ridiculous! just sayin! and what's even more ridiculous is that i don't have a time that i usually sleep  like tomorrow, idk when i'm going to sleep  i work 10p-6a and then unload the truck at chick-fil-a at 8  that will last til ten or ten thirty  then i have a dentist appt at 11  then i'm going to help my little brother mow lawns  anybody want to sleep for me?  smile "
"'i constantly walk into a room and i dont remember why  but for some reason, i think theres going to be a clue in the fridge ' <propfemale> <propfemale>"
ya'll from junction need to hear this   i have lived in fruita for almost 14 years and have not been to fruita fall festival once   i can't really decide if that's a good thing or not   what do ya'll think? i'm open to advice smile  that doesn't mean i will go smile  but you know     laugh 
2 random facts: 1- tomorrow at 8am is my last shift at chick-fil-a  2- i took the little bmi doohickey and figured out i am only 4% body fat smile  3- its late but i work til 6am smile 
"stop trying to please everyone else cuz there are too many people  try pleasing yourself  'i dont do anything to embarass me, my team, or my family ' '<propfemale> kaha'"
so my missionary farewells (yes there are 2) are this sunday the 17th at the institute building across from mesa state college at 10 am and at the lds redlands building at 11 am   everyone is invited   whoever can come should!
it's kinda weird thinking about leaving   at this time next week i will be in the salt lake valley and i will not be returning for two years  i have a bazillion things to do and they all need to be done   again i will allow someone to else to sleep for me smile 
"'without dreams, goals, and passion, life has no meaning ' christian heaton   if you have no purpose in life get one   help other people and you'll find your problems will resolve themselves "
"so i read this thing and it's awesome   it says and i quote, \sometimes the person who seems the strongest is the one in the most need of a hug \"" i like it  it's so true"""
so this might be it facebook  i might not use you for two more years  such sweet parting  it's a little sour too  but i'm freaking excited! brazil here i come!
"reported to the mtc on october 20th, 1:22pm  i am called to serve "
hey y'all! if any of you would like to write me my address is 3487 s  1300 e  salt lake city ut 84106  i am doing great and things are going wonderful! take care!
