ff3fd42a66b06dbb333246bf0f478194
went into the kitchen to find the can opener    which wasn't present    who stole the opener from the kitchen drawer? who me? yes you  couldn't be  then who?  p s  seriously kind of distraught about it though 
"woke up to a cute surprise this morning  what did he do? he got it done  that's what men do  no steppin' on his toes  cute though  he's not even mad, he's impressed "
is discovering new ways of using photoshop while jamming out to <propmale> collins  what could be any better?
has an urge to go to the beach  a beach with a bonfire  a beach with a bonfire and maybe some fireworks  with the embers glowing and the sun setting 
"just wants to remind you that only you can prevent <propmale> fires  he knows, smokey told him "
has a goal  and that goal is to get it done  now!
"is out of here for a <propmale> of fresh air  next stop, california  he's on the road again, ready to witness something phenomenal!"
has a little more than a week before he heads home  he's just biding his time before that day comes 
has one thing to say  peaches  god's <propfemale> wrapped up in a fruit  he now has every intention on attending the annual peach festival next year in california  mmmmmhhh   peaches 
"just found someone looking to sell a pair of monkeys! we were also looking for roommates  that should settle the score  heck, they're already diaper trained "
just found they sell diabetic socks! who knew?
"might just be his own worst enemy  he was born with a magnificent blessing, but it also could be seen as a curse "
believes in a world that will take you high  he believes in a thought that can touch the sky  he believes in peace and <propfemale>   
"is excited  not just because peaches are $0 67 at frys  yes, that is one thing, but there are three other glorious, thrilling, and intriguing ideas that are superfluous above all the rest "
wishes there were just a few more hours in a day  then he would be a happy camper 
and his training program has begun 
got to watch the death of a camera as he forgot to take it out of a pair of jeans he just put in a washer   suck 
"wonders why there aren't more elevators in arizona  for them, at least you don't need a ticket to ride "
"still likes that old time rock 'n' roll  the kind of music that soothes the soul  i reminisce about days of old, with that old time rock 'n' roll "
"just heard of the concept of an electronic tatoo  a tatoo that changes acording to your emotions, your feelings  quite intriguing "
knows that its all starting to make sense  simply amazing!
cannot wait for saturday's freedom because the promise of seeing somebody special and a determination to dine at a luxurious chinese buffet  mmmmmmm   
seriously had to think twice about not just chashing the check so that he could swim in a pile of money 
"never knew how pesky ferrets were  alas, it is here no longer  so long, farewell, auf wiedersehen, good-bye  good-bye!"
"knows that we are merely phantoms of ourselves  we have an insatiable <propfemale> to feed what can never be truly fed, unless we are set free from that idiotic ritual "
"knows it's a little late now, but he is extremely grateful for the wonderful night last night (gap of course)  we really do feel honored, thank you all "
"dear greeting card companies, please stop producing queer cards lacking quality and thought  normal people need cards and cannot write everything by themselves too  another thought, hire someone with an actual sense of humor  thank you "
"witnessed the leaving of two good friends today  he wishes them well on their exciting next stage in life  <propfemale> and <propfirst>, godspeed  may your life in hawaii be flippin' awesome!"
"is completely stoaked about the chicken <propmale> salad that he just created  pan seared chicken, brocoli, romain, and calamata olives  simply to die for "
is so not a fan of the schedule is panning out this semester   grrr 
it's what we do in the worst of times that tells the world who we really are 
is living a week ahead of himself   wow 
"yes, its that time again  the time that he must adventure  we've come to an age where society asks us to be sheep, keep our head down, and work  work is a <propmale> cause, but when push comes to shove, shove back and enjoy some time on this earth "
does not diserve what he has been given  he should be treating it as a treasure not a commidity  for that mistake he feels the deepest regret 
has seen the first day of people thinking that he has children  does he seem that old?
"note to self  no, i am not a creatively artistic person  you dig yourself a hole when you pretend that you are one  its better to leave it to the professionals than to burrying yourself "
discovered extreme moose tracks and saw that everything was good 
"wonders when spring break will finally get here  he is starting to think that life is a little gnome who decides to lay a stick in your path, when you fall it starts laughing maniacally, and kicks you when you’re down  there are times when you think it’s all looking up, but that’s when he’ll plant a foot in your face…"
"is watching, waiting for the storm to pass "
just created himself an amazing dinner consisting of manburgers and potato salad  he cannot wait until he will again live in a place where the kitchen is bigger than one you might find in a <propfemale> pocket house 
for the love of god and all that is holy   serenity now!!!
"you're in tempe and you want to get home? well, we have news for you  we decided to start construction before spring break for kicks and giggles  yes, we could have used logic and commenced once the majority of people were gone, but where would the fun be in that? we would rather make driving through tempe your worst nightmare when it takes you 20 minutes just to get through one light "
"take me out to the ball  game  take me out to the crowd  buy me some peanuts and cracker <propfirst>, i  don't care if <propfemale> and i never get back "
"today was a really great day among all my working days  i had a song from the muppets stuck in my head, found a mechanical hopping rabbit to put on the conveyor belt, and was visited by a very special girl  my day was complete "
"is reminded of the days in africa when he had to sleep under a mosquito net  it turns out, he might have to do the same thing here  when the new day came, he was covered with mosquito bites  at least i don't have to worry so much about contracting malaria in the states "
"its 2 surprise 0 am, there is a bird outside my room that won't shut up  i'm about to go out there and show him what for  oh, wait  its 2 surprise 0 am and i don't really want to move    i loathe you tweety "
"dear irs, thank you for rejecting my e-file tax form  i was able to assess the information and actually get a refund of $200 more than what i had anticipated  you have made me a happy camper "
"wonders why he, the human furnace was born into a family who decided it was a good idea to move to arizona  he's burning up with the ac going full blast in his apartment   although, he can think of one perk living in az, meeting that one special girl "
"this class cracks me up  no one has a clue of what the professor is saying, but his inflection and attempts at jokes are absolutely hilarious! yea dr  kuo!"
its days like these that i think about my life and realize that i am a very lucky guy 
"i wish i had a roll of hundred dollar bills i could flush down a toilet just for kicks and giggles  oh wait, that's basically what i'm doing to have a functioning car "
that makes two down and two to go  not bad at all  almost time for me to take a breath 
"it is tuesday, may 11th, another day in history to any other person  but to <propfirst> embrey, it is the beggining of summer! muhaha! freedom is here! if you want to see excited, look at me! wooooooooooohoooooooooooooooo!"
"perfect, just as he crawls into bed, his phone gets obliterated  it was on a bed    how is it broken? its not like i threw it directly against a wall "
parking  $6  all day locker rental  $7  spending the majority of a day with <propfemale> clauss sliding down enormous water slides and endless laughter in the wave pool  priceless    and free 
give me the beat boys free my soul i wanna get lost in your rock and roll 
"dear rancho murietta, \when i come back from michigan, i would prefer not to live in an apartment painted like regurgitated breakfast and a bottle of funky colored gatorade  don't do it  thank you \sincerely,\<propfirst>"
"airlines  oh, how i loathe thee  delay  4 hours  how could you be that stupid  give me the reason  its ruining my trip  grrrr   yup, somebody's bitter   "
"if i have to recharge the air conditioning in the bronco another time, i will do one of two things  i will drive it to san <propmale>, construct a boat for it, and send it out to sea   in flames  or i'll scream  more likely the latter, but the former is at least creative "
i came to a conclusion  i would like to go back in time to tell the pioneer who settled in arizona is a complete moron 
"seriously? i don't have vanilla? this is unfathomable and unacceptable  fine, instead of cookies, i'll doctor up some brownies  by loading them with chocolate chips and walnuts  take that! i win "
"hearing stories about <propfirst> <propmale> wanting to replace human vocal cords into his monkey bubbles, watching a crazy movie all about dreams, and being immensely tired from a long week make the begginings of a night of weird dreams  and no, we do not want english speaking animals, its weird "
"so, within a week i became a glorified babysitter while i'm on the job  fantastic "
"alas, the vampire cat is no more  'tis a sad day in the world "
seriously?
yeah   it is weeks like these that make me want to scream like a gorilla and throw it 3oo feet in the air  too bad weeks aren't tangible or something you can beat into submission 
"something tells me <propfemale> es no bueno when its getting to be that time to need to take a vacation from your \summer vacation\"" """
"ok, august  leave us  i'm sick of the mind games you play with us  you bring the humidity and not the rain  loathing comes to mind  begone!"
"wishes there were more hours to the day to accomplish more and actually enjoy some sleep, ie  more than 4 hours  c'est la vie "
"woah there tiger, i'm sleeping in a bit tomorrow  i see 7 hours of sleep on the horizion  i am thunderstruck "
asu bureaucracy hates me and is a big waste of my time  i loathe jumping through hoops and acting like a seal at sea world  where is my easy button?
"damn, it feels good to be a gangsta "
"life is funny, especially when you can look back at it from different perspectives  it may be a heck of a ride, but that's where the fun comes in  underneath it all, whatever happened, i was and still am blessed "
we're only two weeks in and i already feel like it is about time to take a little time off and clear my head 
"i'm starting to think that i am going to treat this weekend as a four day weekend  early release today for starters  yes, i've got school tomorrow and work on saturday, but we can all pretend "
"the new buffalo wild wings is a great place to <propfemale> out! what's better, they come armed with the local oatmeal stout from for peaks  this makes <propfirst> a happy, happy man "
"you know one of two things when <propfirst> is at work blasting anberlin, <propfemale> jam, the mighty mighty bosstones, jay-z, and party in the usa by miley <propmale>  he has either gone off the walls crazy or he is in the most utterly fantastic mood!"
"time and time again, we fall into the depths of who we are, but you can't keep running from what you're trying to find "
"count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds, for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness  and let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing \                                                                                   -<propfirst> 1:2-5"
"its slightly overcast and it is so beautiful out today! why can't everyday be like this? oh wait, that's right, i live in arizona  we're cursed to live in an oven "
ehhehehehehe! torrential downpour at work! working outside! amazing!
"i walk around asu, i hear the democrats raising their voice  i wander outside of tempe, republicans chant their views over and over  screw this, i've had enough  i'm joining the rent is too damn high party  cause frankly, the rent is too damn high "
my trials and my e playful eriences shape who i am and give me an opportunity to make who god wants me to be
"well, since no one knows understands what i was going to dress up as and the fact that the stores ran out of white hair dye, we might be revisiting an old costume bro "
"i'll take these storms away, start a brand new story  i'll make it \through each day, singing death or <propfemale>  and though these clouds are \gray that i'm living under, i know i'll be ok with the rain or thunder  i\ hear it calling me, i will march into the sound "
press any button to <propmale> your dreams again 
boo school work and actual work  doesn't business understand that i gotta uphold gtl in order to maintain typical bro status  ?
"dear asu, the fabled 'new american university', might i suggest to you an idea for good measure  when hiring professors require them to actually speak a new american language, ie english  i would prefer class not be like being taught in seoul  thank you "
it just seems like just another nail in the coffin   
i'm in sun city and i have no clue where i'm going! not necessarily the best thing   
"take heart, the lessons that you've learned have just begun  for a life of ease is not worth remembering; its through the trials that we move forward  rejoice and tha\nk god for every breath you take "
"is almost excited to write a paper for one of his finals this next week  he gets to write a business plan for a company he would like to start up, problem is finding out which idea to go with  so many to choose from!"
enjoying every moment of the calm before the storm  pretty soon the hurricane will be headed this way  bring it on!
its time for some unicorn on cob!
"to those who designed and engineered the newer generation of ipod nano, i salute you  i accidentally dropped mine in the washing machine and after fishing it out, it still works  you are geniuses!"
"only in scottsdale, a man driving a hummer h2 parks in the middle of the road (not being facetious, actually blocking traffic), walk up to the <propfemale> ringer for donations, hand him a wad of cash, and then complain that the ringer wouldn't stuff the money in the bucket for him "
"lookie <propfemale>, i gots me a package in them there <propfemale>ilbox! its a book and i just might start me some reading before the last minute, quite the surprise "
"you, in the yellow camaro  i give you props  you are a person of my own heart and made my day "
"i really haven't cared so much about cd's of late  no offense, but bands are kinda letting us down for the most part  though, there is one cd that i actually want to buy  its \science & faith\"" by the script  i applaud thee  well done """
"well, what time is it? game time   huh!"
"there is one thing that is true, this heart belongs on the open road  where it is free as a blue <propfirst> and it can rock out   with my socks off    or on, cause i ain't no fan of your smelly feet "
"so yeah, i've been living almost 24 years and my instincts are almost always spot on  the problem is, i never happen to take heed to them "
"microsoft, question  why on earth would you make your programs infinitely more confusing with each new version? this baffles me "
"school, school go away  come back another day  let me sleep some more today  and let me go and play "
"today i saw a poster on the arizona state university campus stating that 71% of asu students have 0-4 drinks when they go out socially  so, does that mean that 29% are drunkards get blitzed every time they go out? way to go asu  might want to keep that under wraps "
