9f89af6bcfab418e64965db727145a15
is failing at becoming a cartoonist 
"going to see rent tonight, yay!"
"saw rent at umass last night, and will probably have i'll cover you stuck in her head all week "
can't concentrate on her homework 
latin club rocks! (i feel like such a geek )
"finds it funny that facebook doesn't think \facebook\"" is a word """
"my family has the weirdest saders  our haggadah (my mom made it with a friend) is all the traditional passover stuff, but it has all this random ultra-leftist political stuff thrown in  we'll be reading something in hebrew, and then suddenly there's this rant about women being ignored in judaism "
has way too much homework 
actually likes conjugating latin verbs  kind of 
the ninth young wizards book is out! yay!
just saw a fiddler on the roof at macduffy  it was really good 
i'm feeling very disheartened after listening to a recording of what the song we're playing for band is supposed to sound like 
april vacation! yay!
i'm going to see the lion <propmale> on broadway tomorrow!
april vacations almost over  noooo!
i just went with my mom to visit some of the kids they brought back from haiti at shriners  they are so adorable!
i hate mondays  especially mondays after vacation 
i'm in a play a week from thursday  oh god 
we just started archery in gym  yay!
"pride was awesome! (although unfortunately, my hair is still purple, as is my ear )"
the first performance of <propfemale> cotter and the censored stone was officially awesome  let's hope the one tonight is even better 
"is simultaneously sad that the play is over, but relieved she doesn't have to go to any more rehearsals "
i despise standardised testing!
"was quite impressed with how good nhs' performance of \the importance of being earnest\"" was """
"latin club: when a measure is passed, you must throw the stuffed beaver into the air and hit it with a fly swatter, then at least two people must eat a carrot, or else it isn't official  best  club  ever "
great east is tomorrow!!!!
gold medal  two points away from a platinum  jfk band rocks!
one third of jfk participated in the day of silence  seriously awesome 
fridays always make me want to hide in my room with a book and no human contact  i think i'm still adjusting to seeing about 200 kids my age every school day 
band concert today!
last actual day of school! hurray!
i seriously can't believe they're actually making us go to school monday 
"would anyone be interested in purchasing a magic wand or stave? because <propfirst> and i made several today, and have a few more we're working on  they're striped <propfemale>, so decently compatible with any element "
is in michigan right now 
may be slightly less hopeless at dancing than she had previously assumed! hopefully 
"just may have a new favorite book of all time  it's called the book thief, by <propfirst> zusak  it's completely amazing  read it "
"kinda sad my camp's over, but glad the performance went well "
oh thank god  peace and quiet at last 
is sick  ugh 
drawing to-scale maps of non-existent places is surprisingly difficult 
finally got around to watching season one part a of glee 
"had a long, philosophical discussion with <propmale>  which culminated in us deciding that our lives would make a totally awesome comic book  and realizing that unfortunately, neither of us can draw  don't ask "
mountain biking: my personal version of hell  god must have been in an ironic mood when i was born 
just saw the firebird  double edge theatre is awesome 
just got back from washington!
<propfirst> <propfirst>ia: possibly my new favorite musical 
"so glad i finally got to see my dad  on the down side, there is an entire street in boston which is in direct violation of clause ii of new england's ice cream code: one may not walk down 5 blocks without bumping into an ice cream place  this must be reported!"
"<propfemale> collins, how could you? i guess it must be a really good book, if i'm that furious about the ending "
first day of school! and a good english teacher!
"just signed a contract stating that in the event that she marries and or attends prom with aidan gilson, she owes <propfirst> norton-smith a sum of $1,000,000 00  however, if neither of these events happens, <propfirst> norton-smith must pay her 20 bucks, plus an additional 50 if aidan gilson asks her to the prom, and is refused, with a polite request to deposit himself in the nearest lake "
"first meeting of the jfk civil rights club will be held next monday  people, come!"
needs to stop procrastinating and start writing that darn play 
"we've built a mighty empire,\our monuments stand proud and tall \but if there's one thing history's taught us,\it's that empires always fall \\random line that appeared in my head  i think i'll try to write the rest of the poem  once i finish my homework  i hate algebra "
would like to thank <propmale> for introducing her to the awesomeness that is btvs  would also like to murder him for killing what was left of her free time  must go do her homework 
"really, really, really hopes she didn't do as bad on that math test as she thinks she did "
"is typing this post on her beautiful, shiny new macbook "
"why we should not play improv games in latin club annoyed amelia: -walks up with piece of masking tape- what size noose do you wear?\also, evilpants  really, <propmale>, really?"
"i'm pretty sure that a kiai is considerably less effective when you sound more like a scared chipmunk then anything remotely formidable  oh well, i'll get better "
we should make a group: please cancel jfk forum and give us a twenty minute naptime every other day instead 
"i'll be completelyhonest for 24 hours     you may ask any question (only in my inbox) and no matter how crazy it is i will answer it plus i dare you to put this as your status and see what you get \kat dared me to "
we are sitting in the classroom on the first day of health class  no one knows just what we will be doing  the gym teacher walks in  dressed as the sugarplum <propfemale>  this might not be such a bad class after all 
tgif 
"can't wait for the second day at smith! hope we actually get to work on some civil rights stuff \\can wait to do her algebra homework  ugh "
"second day at smith was most definitely better  can't wait to get working on some of the stuff we talked about \\algebra is neither better nor easier  and it hasn't magically become finished while i was away  i guess that was too much to ask for "
is sick  ugh 
really dislikes her schoolbus 
exceedingly embarrassing moments: when you have the tigger song stuck in your head in the middle of science class 
so tired! i was walking around in a daze the entire day 
"really wishes that if she had to start hallucinating, it could have been something more interesting than non-existent flats in her key signature  on the bright side, these were magical b flats that could coexist with f sharps without breaking the laws of music, so it's not all boring "
"one does not usually associate lady gaga with latin translations  oh well, i'm happy to add to the amount of irony in the world "
stupid poem  argh 
"this is totally the last episode i'm going to watch, then i'll go to bed  wait, that one was scary! now i have to watch another so i can fall asleep  on second thought, that one was kinda scary too   "
"obey me, clarinet! you can squeak when i'm practicing  you cannot squeak during a band rehearsal! what is hard to understand about this?"
"had a great time at deathly hallow part one with <propfemale> mccusker, tieren costello, <propfemale> gerstle and graci eldredge  maybe the best <propmale> potter movie so far  that being said, i was beginning to wonder if the people making it got together and said \let's have a bunch of creepy death eaters flirt with hermione granger! that wouldn't be inappropriate for a kid's movie at all \"""""
"spent the better part of the evening choreographing elaborate dance routines to overly-sexual rap songs with my cousins  and our moms, who were being wonderful role models by playing us the song in the first place  good times "
gah  too much sincere optimism and idealistic happiness  need sarcasm 
anyone know the homework for today?
is glad not all sleepovers involve obnoxious screaming and giggling 
will honestly try not to be annoying and christmas-hating this year 
"next time someone asks me who i like, i'm totally saying \evelyn\"" """
had a great time skiing with <propfirst>    it's nice to know i can still ski black <propfemale> 
"has a job  and consequently, money  or, more accurately, she will have money  yay!"
"had a great time with <propfemale>, kat, and <propfemale> at hospital hill "
someone in miss <propmale>'s algebra class: what was the class homework friday?
"666,000 people are killed or mortally injured by fresh fruit every year  spread the warning and keep your gun, 16 ton weight, and tiger close by at all times  if you have lost close friends or family to bananas, apples, raspberries, oranges, pineapples, or other various fresh fruit, please post this as your status  10% of people won't repost this as they are too busy worrying about people with pointed sticks "
"probably cracked a rib skiing  on the positive side, it was an awesome jump "
"still doing homework! rargh! mere text cannot e playful ress my anger \\   possibly it would be done if i wasn't messing around on facebook   "
the website which claims to be able to analyze my music tastes is playing <propfirst> poppins  i'm not sure if i should be insulted      or ashamed that i'm not switching the song 
yay for watching way too much btvs 
5 paragraph essays are blah 
"so today in home ec i learned i should never even set foot in a kitchen, because there are hundreds of things there that will kill if i touch them  i mean, aren't they supposed to be encouraging us to cook?"
i really need to get some perspective about grades 
sims is addicting 
"if the world must end, i hope it happens on february 14  there can never be too much irony in the universe "
can't decide if i'm getting sick or just tired 
"as we speak, libyan people are being massacred, because they're rebelling against an unfair government  the elderly, women, children, everyone in libya is in danger tonight  it's genocide  repost this as your status to raise awareness and support the revolution "
best skiing conditions of the year!
<propmale> klein <propmale> is awesome
i got into dasac! yay!
"go to your profile  the first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\gabe gill, <propfemale> gerstle, kat stowe-thurston, <propfemale> flinker, <propfemale> behrens \i'm reasonably sure the zombies would run from us "
thrilled to be in portland with my friend <propfemale> 
"a conversation from the girls' changing room at karate annoyed \i like your pants \""\",9f89af6bcfab418e64965db727145a15,can anyone tell me what the math homework is?
\mom," wouldn't it be such a horrible waste for me to spend this beautiful afternoon sitting inside?\""\"9f89af6bcfab418e64965db727145a15,"so, now i have a little piece of green fabric to sew on my belt in karate  in other words, i am now higher ranking than someone else in the world  i'm pretty happy with that "
"my mom just \accidentally\"" put salad in the oven  people wonder where i get the spaciness    """
"apparently, i'm now the mistress of doom  i shall not rest until i fulfill my mission of vanquishing the ubergilsons and their pathetic little gang of dogooders  watch out, gilsonettes  i'll be in your dreams, nightmares, and closets "
