3dab5a1b968ae78da6b6bf59d57ca80c
do you have any idea how many homeless people are throwing milkshakes at cops this very second?
there are too many people too angry at a world that isn't the least bit angry at them 
"going to see antigone tonight, and then first friday!!!!  laugh "
i love three-day weekends   even though they mean absolutely nothing new for me  playful   playful 
i think i'm starting to get why people are so gosh darn sassy when i don't respond to their texts  indecision   indecision  i hate waiting #%(*#)$%@
quote of the day: you're never too old for pedophiles 
"porn crashes computers, that's what i know "
would really like a smoothie  now just where does my mother keep the blender?!?!????????  sad 
"holy smokes, you gotta be pretty brave to ride on a tiger in your underpants "
sweet pea: that's a good gay name 
just saw an ant trying to drag a lady bug carcass through the rocks   way to bite off more than you can chew my friend 
if you stop eating french fries it wouldn't be so sloppy when you shake it 
crosby stills and nash tonight!!!!!!!!!  love 
why do you have a bow on the beans?
love the shit out of my friends love 
we go all the way up the mountain and it e playful lodes 
when i say household it sounds like asshole
red bull improves performance 
does it look like i have a garden gnome in my backpack?
"boy, don't you worry    you'll find yourself  follow you heart and nothing else "
tell that to the man i killed   
i'm just gonna summon satan from your powerbox 
i don't have anything in common with a desk   except that i'm hard 
<propmale> ruiz just made my morning  smile 
"hola senior, i am here to shave zee grass!!"
that's a little unnatural 
she swims and she forms trees!
apparently i fell asleep watching some telemundo  
so happy with life   joyful 
"8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8"
tacie's just playing with herself 
i was filming this dead bird-
why don't you grow some balls and stop bitching about peanut butter??
quite fondling my carpet > indecision 
"gotta be husslin' man, i don't have a job- turn that fifteen bucks into thirty x3"
two hours of my life down the pisser   time for a delicious fucking sandwich 
"really looking forward to today- nowhere to be 'til 2, and then two japanese classes this evening   boner! x3"
you're a compound word!
in the hallway- again??!!
inside your feeble brain there's probably a whore 
"oh, white people  "
"one episode of family guy ends on tbs, another starts on adult swim; my country boner? it won't go down  it won't go down x3"
now there's someone with whom i'd like to share a cold brewsky 
but danzig i only have one skull  sad 
"<propmale> cox, scorpionman  does everything a scorpion can~"
doubledipping 
it tastes like chocolate and nuts 
he walked in looking like jesus with glow sticks 
must you eat nachos and pick your seat at the same time??
why can't i ever be satisfied with anything?
"1 universe, 9 planets, 204 countries, 809 islands, 7 seas, and i had the privilege to meet you?"
my little fob love 
mi verga es <propfemale> y muy fea    y todo el mundo lo sabe  
weekend homework: become self-aware and destroy humans 
yo' name is <propfirst>!
i took the <propfemale> of fertilizing your caviar 
i bet i have soooo many spiders on my eyelashes 
harumph!
sorry i have the body language of a god  
i can listen with my eyes closed 
got a large boner!
countin' flowers on the wall 
"why you sick, sick little moo-cow!"
"you don't know the meaning of the word \boner\"" 'til you've had mi madre's thanksgiving left-overs   *o*"""
just heard a little asian fellow singing about how much he loves his french fries   my day is complete love 
"\you rakin' leaves??\"" nooo i'm cleanin' up the tivo  """
"you can't predict the future, you're not  actually  asian!"
no satan in this house!!
jewry: the  jewish  people  collectively 
you ever wonder why chickens don't wear pants?? cuz their peckers are on their face 
"an emotion as much tells you nothing about reality, beyond the fact that something makes you feel something "
"your=possessive, you're=compound of you and are- not that hard  because yes, i care  -_-'"
hooray for metaphors!!
"son, there better not be any walking dead up there!"
"oh really? well, maybe you should look in the smart part of your brain  "
i don't want anything canadian in this house!
