8985efee473e11a2834b6de11fb6d9a9
"dumb <propfemale> was returned and today he was replaced by two other kittens   they seem to understand what a litter box is for, so i gues that's better than what we had   the black one is <propfemale> and the other one is london "
glad to be back home!
is vey happy to be done with house payments and even happier to be done with my attorney!!!!
just got home from work   i'm very tired   i'm going to the movies this weekend!  fifteen times   
"i moved 2,930 pounds of cat litter at work tonight    i'm going to bed "
"baseball, tennis and bowling with <propfirst> tonight   i'm gonna be sore tomorrow!"
$225 00
"not sure where we were, exactly, but when we got above the clouds and fog, it was a beautiful <propfemale> day! we saw deer and quail and a huge flock of turkeys  although we didn't find what we were looking for, i'd say our annual hunting trip was a big success "
"thanks for all the birthday wishes!  now that the baby fair is over, i'll have time to celebrate, althoiugh all i realy want to do right now is sleep for a couple of days!"
"working from 7 smile 0am to 5 smile 0pm, then 10pm to 6am then 7 smile 0am to 2pm then watching the boys until bedtime is not a very good idea    i'm kinda tired!"
i just got home from working in kirkland and i'm now on standby to go to rhode island 
looks like i'll be in rhode island on sunday 
too much work and just not enough tine in a day to get it done!  i forgot how much more time consuming floods inspections are!
"really i'm working hard in rhode island   i don't have time for farming   steffany, you make me look like such a slacker!!"
going home tomorrow morniing   and starting monday as a census crew leader   i got  released from rhode island just in time!
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? april is cancer awareness month"
"just got deployed to tennessee    as usual, i have a million things to get done before i leave at five in the morning     good thing i'm not the kind of person who worries or likes to plan ahead!"
"today i fixed a stove, a washing machine, two tv's, a computer, a central air unit and a car   all the fraudulent claims are more depressing than the disaster!"
"back home from tennessee   except for wrecking the rental car, it was a pretty good  deployment!"
still driving    it's a long way to boise!
not off to a very good start   <propfirst> almost fell off the second floor walkway at the motel this am  racked pretty good and some scrapes and bruises but it could have been a lot worse!
likes: morality is doing what is right no matter what you are told; religion is doing what you are told no matter what is right 
i will be so glad when this job at sears is finally finished!
last day tomorrow!  yay!!
supposed drive-by shooting about six blocks away this afternoon 
"finally done with discover project    work for pro's choice for a few hours tomorrow, then      nothing!!"
"well, maybe not exactly nothing     i have to fix a broken window at <propfirst> and <propmale>'s apt and start cleaning out the garage so we can get them a new dryer,  put plastic on the windows here     yeah, and a lot of other stuff   "
3 inches to 1 foot of snow tomorrow!?!!  truck needs new tires!
"thanksgiving at <propfemale>'s today   <propfirst> was having seizures, so <propmale> stayed home with him, but sent the turkey he roasted for us   <propfirst> came over later but couldn't stay awake for long and <propmale> got a plate to go   poker party after dinner, so the kids all came home with me   we played games and had fun making a jibjab video and now they're all asleep   thanksgiving d surprise vers will be at my house on sunday "
our furnace quit working   it's cold in here!
jury duty this week   trial starts tomorrow 
"jury duty was interesting   3 days  testimony, abouit an hour of discussion, and a verdict of guilty on both counts "
our trip to seattle to see <propfirst>'s new neurologist was aborted   he had seizures on the plane and we got kicked off   next available appointment is february 2nd    interesting how freaked out everybody got!
i put a new igniter in the furnace and it actually worked!  but only for about a hour   bummer!!
"our furnace works now   i fixed it myself! (and got it right, this time)"
"still sitting in the er   <propfirst> is sleeping    i wish their chairs were more comfortable   or the iv would drip a lot faster   or better yet, i wish i had a glass of wine   "
hopefully <propfirst>'s new neurologist will find something that works and will keep us out of here!
"we're back home  five hours this time, but the er doc was terrific! he wrote the prescriptions <propfirst>'s neurologist has been refusing to refill for him  missing his appointment last month because he got kicked off the plane for having seizures really messed things up!"
prowlers across the street   i've gotta stop staying up so late!
the pharmacy refused to fill the prescription written last night by the er doctor for <propfirst>'s emergency medication  said they didn't think his neurologist - the old one -wanted him to have it until he sees the new neurologist  what?? can they do that? just refuse to fill a legitimate prescription?
"if we hadn't been kicked off the plane in blatant violation of the air carrier access act, we'd have already seen the new doctor and wouldn't have been in the er last night and wouldn't be having this problem either  still waiting to hear back from swa "
we made it to seattle and back today without getting kicked off the plane   <propfirst>'s appointment went well and we love the new doctor    going back again on the 15th for monitoring in the hospital for maybe a week   this guy is not wasting any time!
"the bus driver i reported last week has been terminated  when his <propfirst> ended, he nearly forced me over a median, then he sped through a 20mph school zone going about 35mph, then when his <propfirst> ended again, he nearly forced me into oncoming traffic! i called 911, and when he pulled up at glover to pick up kids, i approached him to make sure he was ok  he yelled at me and tried to shut the door on me  (cont   )"
"just about done here   plenty of seizures have been recorded and <propfirst>'s meds have been restarted   we'll talk to the doctor again tomorrow about what the next step will be, and we'll get out of here saturday!"
"while i was sitting here bored today, i got another job    smile "
officially on standby   
many thanks to all my friends who wished me a happy birthday   it was!
"it's national book week  the rules: grab the closest book to you, copy the 5th sentence on pg 56 as your status  don't mention the book  post these rules as part of your status \\\the possibility of future legal proceedings requires that a _______ be established with respect to the possession and location of physical evidence \"""""
"i believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one fb'r has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment, and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!!!     i hope to see this re-posted by a lot by my friends"
