3b1f793f13b8371bd6444766f54b3d55
why do they say you'll be on hold for '6 minutes' when they really mean '60 minutes'?
"how do people actually work outside in las vegas in the summer?  we were down there yesterday for a friend's wedding   inside is fine, but after about 9 am you don't want to be without the air conditioning "
"had a happy face, now has a sad face "
"kristene, is your phone working?"
is apparently incapable 
burrrrrr  who said we wanted a northeast wind?  take it back!
"a darn good day   had lunch with a friend, did some last minute shopping--it doesn't get better than this "
if you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need! i am proud of my children and i thank god for them every day
"next week kristene and i are going to see a space shuttle launch   i just found that the launch schedule has slid from thursday morning to early sunday morning   kristene and i leave sunday afternoon, so we are good so far, but i don't want to see any more slippage "
"well, the space shuttle launch was scrubbed for today   i just extended my hotel and rental car   i am taking kristene to the airport for her flight this afternoon, but i need to figure what to do about mine   should i simply cancel and get a ticket after the launch?  i can work up in jax this week if i need to, but eventually i need to go home  sigh"
i think i hear the call of warm sunshine and margaritas by the pool   adios amigos 
"either in the closet or under the desk, but mostly in the closet   wouldn't you like to know what i'm talking about?????"
"<propfirst> and <propfemale> had our cat empress put to sleep this afternoon   empress was such a good cat   i remember how she would wake me every morning tapping my face, wanting her spot of milk   we loved you little girl "
"i want everyone to know how appreciative i am of my girls kristene and <propfemale>   they have given selflessly of themselves the last year, helping out with my mom   i don't know that i could have coped if not for them   and of course my wonderful husband <propfirst> "
"my 'other' daughters are suffering a grave loss right now   everyone, hug your family and friends, forgive sleights, and tell those dearest how much they mean to you   you never know when that will be taken away "
"remember to hug your loved ones, and tell them you love them, whenever and wherever you can   our friends and our family, is there really anymore to life than the people that we love?"
"i like it under the desk, in the closet, and sometimes in the bed of the truck (but only with a group) "
hark!  what is that glowing orb in the sky?
"well, the power went out about 10 pm last night   we don't have the generator wired in yet   if power is still down when he gets home, <propfirst> will fire it up   in the meantime, i havwe lovely hair "
i hate it when doing the right thing results in so many wrong things happening 
"i've noticed comments from some of the college students that they are hating school right now   <propfemale> in there you guys, all things worthwhile take effort "
***warning*** the national weather service has issued a falling bear warning for chicago sunday starting at 1 surprise 0 p m (10 surprise 0 a m pst) and continuing throughout the afternoon until the end of the fourth quarter  falling bears could be heavy at times especially around the soldier field area  heavy accumulation is likely!*repost all over         seahawk nation!*
i think today is a good day to search out green cheese   are you with me?
make today the best day of your life 
so four of the first six updates from facebook friends are on a food topic   what's up with this--marde gras?
aloha from <propfemale> kauai   forecast is sunshine and 81 today 
