1fdb160679b69ab2eb67e3d3beb2767a
gonna take a showerrr and get ready   smile 
champagneeee   laugh 
happy new year!!!! glad i had a new years kiss   laugh 
all dolled up and nowhere to go   sad 
all these fucking facebook games are addicting 
i probably should sleep for a few hours  goodnigght   laugh 
outtt  new pics   smile 
two years with <propmale> tmmro   love  soooo excited 
today is a good day   smile 
almost drowned river rafting  never again  ever 
"so so, so sore "
doobie brothers concert was awesome!  smile  so happy i was there with my family   love 
i love snakes so much   smile 
watched true blood with <propmale> and kawika all day yesterday   literally  so much fun though!  smile 
its nice to have boobs sometimes  lol  ;p gosh i am addicted to false eyelashes!  love 
anyone wanna trade a ball python for a leopard gecko? pleeeeeease   smile 
i love staying up late and playing video games with my boyfriend   smile  gooooood times 
i love wakin up next to myy hunny   smile 
ohhh i love iced mocha with chocolate whipped cream  yum!
going to shower  hopefully today will be funnn   smile 
my baby goose is so adorable  he thnks im his momma and follows me around  haha  i cant decide a name   sad 
thinking about going back to brunette? what do i look better as?
had fun shopping   smile  thanks so much momma 
"hey heyyy \whats been up?"
fun weekend  lottttts of shopping yesterday  chill day today   smile  i  love  my boyfriend  2 yrs  and 2 months and still going strong 
dying my hair back dark! pics up soon   smile 
wow how weird  i just realized garretts a scorpio and im a saggitarius  we are meant to be according to astrology   laugh  lol 
woot woot  scored adavanced in everything except math on the cst   laugh 
"i really hate it when people act like they have so much, when everyone knows they have so little  (yes you, fat bitch )"
ohh god  crazzzzy night!
fun fun weekend 
anyone got red dead redemption? wanna play on online?
<propfirst>
i miss you girl! haha
ughhhhhhh  cramps  so much for a good weekend   annoyed 
excited for <propfirst> to move in!&&i miss <propmale>!  sad &&still feel shitty  ughh 
i miss red dead redemption  freakinnnn love that shit   laugh 
nervousss 
so glad my mom is back   smile  hopefully she will be ok!
home isnt always where the heart is
"typing wixoms essay \yay "
show at the virtual was sickkkkk 
why am i up so early after being awake until 3? ugh 
over 2 years and i love you more and more each day   smile  im lucky to have found you &&im lucky to have kept you   love 
true blood season finale was bullshit! ;p
"yayy, spending the weekend with <propmale>   wink "
"its not easy making a name for yourself, but where do you draw the line?"
thunderrrr
the dentist was awful today  too much novacaine  blahhh
proud mouthbreather 
"im looking for a puppy! does anyone have small medium sized dogs with puppies? no chihuahuas tho, please "
the psat kicked my ass  anyone else?
"ughh, need to start my essay for adrians beauty college  i have no inspiration yet  ill have to bs it guess   and hope for the best!"
just made a highdeas account and posted my first highdea  haha   laugh 
i got my puppy! hes tooooo cute!  love 
"garretts idea of bonding with my puppy: burping in its face  \\real cute  ;p\i love my boys   smile "
i love rainy sundays   smile  snugglin up with the boyfrann watchin south park is my kinda day   smile 
"glad i\m not sick anymore   smile """
"grrrr, super sick again last night  i'll have to get blood taken now   annoyed "
i lovvvvve my boyfriend  gosh   smile 
wow dude  you need serious help
i need to start makin my halloween costumeeee   smile 
"things are getting tough with the boyfriend going to college  i hope we can make it through this  i love you too much, and i want to make it through this!  love "
"like\ my status and i'll tell u: 1  something that i've learned about u from \looking at ur wall for 13 seconds  2  the color u remind me of  3  my \first memory of u  4  the animal u remind me of  5  ask something i've \always wondered about u  6  my favorite thing about u  7  give u a \   weird       nickname  8  challenge u to post this!"
just made my tyedye shirt for tmmro   smile 
"godddddd that physical took 2 hours  6 viles of blood taken, finding out i have scoliosis, and having a really akward breast exam isnt my kind of day  \\dear today, go away  please   heart-broken "
"the play was great! good job everyone! <propfirst>, you were incredibly fancy   smile  goodnight everyone "
gonna watch raider game today my uncle and the boyfrann  smile 
today could have been alot better  but i'm glad everything is okay   smile  love  now typing the dang poem  grr 
bitch needs to pack up her blue hair dye and bleach and bounceeee   smile 
"had hella good cheese filled burgers, my own secret recipe   love \haha"
"another ebay victory: ps3 slim 250 gb for 150 \cheahhhhh   laugh "
"sellin' some shit on ebay \helllllls yeah \\&&& had a ebay victory earlier  250 gb ps3 slim for $150!\ebay is my savior  seriously "
"gonna cuddle with <propmale> and play some xbox \lataaaa"
"ugh  every time i go to the doctor the results are worse and worse  \at least i have the love of my life by my side   love "
"good day  makin' my honeyyy some dinner   smile \i'm soooooo excited for the holidays!"
"bitch be tryin' to get me arrested \wtf "
"shit, i'm surprised i haven't got sick yet  it seems like everyone's sick \anyways, gonna play some gta "
like my status and i'll tell you something i've always thought wanted to tell you   laugh 
gonna start gettin' ready for my sisters birthday party  woot 
"had an awesome weekend with my boyfriend   laugh  now time to go home and wait for thanksgiving  haha  have a good three days everyone,"
happy thanksgiving everyone   laugh  having two dinners was exciting  haha  and another tmmro! woot woot 
"well my thanksgiving is pretty much ruined  i'm done being treated like this, done "
going shoppin with the loveee today   smile 
pong with <propfirst> and harely tonight   laugh 
got a phone finally  smile  txt me <propfirst>! 408~5139
crab leggggggs  yum   love 
i wish life had cheat codes 
"mexican market burritos   smile \\&& does anyone know if you can dislocate your jaw by sleeping on it wrong? im in a alotof pain here  :?"
the new adtr is pretty sweeeeeet   smile 
ughh sick  and my jaw is all screwed up  i cant eat!  sad 
black ops is amazingggg 
"the footsteps in my house at night are only getting more disturbing  did anyone else watch \i was dead\""? pretty crazy stories! makes you think forsure  and only reassures me that <propfirst> is in heaven smiling as we talk of fond memories  ill always our 3 hour phone calls just talking about cute boys in 8th grade  love you girl  we all do   smile                                                goodnite fb """
dont step in the muddle 
15 minutes into precious and ima bouta cry 
"omggg, can someone post something interesting instead of these truths?! haha  goodnight fb   smile  happy early bday ash "
"bitch needs to shut her monkey face  just bc some people didnt bring a baloon doesnt mean they dnt care about <propfirst>  godddd  miss you ash, happy birthday  i bet your party in heaven will be amazing!  smile "
birthday on monday  woot woot   smile  cant wait to partyyy with my birthday twinsyyy 
"i love mine and <propmale>s little family  us, chomper and our 2 snakes  haha  i feel complete   smile  i love when he talks about his future and its always \us\""  i love you <propmale> <propfemale> pettit """
"give me the strength to get through this day, especially wixoms, so i can go home and sleep   smile "
"i love rop, and being with the kids, they are so sweet  ;p i just hate the damn time cards  im missing like 12  greattttt "
"godddd i'm so tired of punk ass freshman and their drama  fuck spanish 1, third period  haha\really though "
"yayy, just got home from getting our ps3  <propmale> got me a hot pink ps3 controller for my birthday   laugh  \we probly gonna be pullin an all-nighter  && so excited for my birthday! hope to get another tattoo   smile "
"hot coco, red dead redemption, and my love layin next to me in the morning? best saturday in a while   laugh "
goin to see hp7 today   smile  then dinner with the love!
"ohh what a fun weekend! i wish it wouldnt be over so soon  but i gotta get to work on hours of homework   sad  but ill be 17 tomorrow, so thats excitng!"
"yay 17 tomorrow! i can officially practice magic outside of hogwarts!\ playful "
thank you so much for your happy birthday wishes everyone!  smile 
"i love my friends! got the cutest ballons ever, hot cheetos and some yummy cupcakes!  smile  what a great birthday so far!"
"what a lovely day   smile  thanks to everyone who made my birthday great   love \goodnight fb "
i absolutely cannot believe how slowly this week is going by   sad 
"new pics finally! && having a good night with my boys, <propmale> and chomper   smile  i  love  our little family!"
baking christmas cookies and stuff all day   smile  daring myself not to eat too much though  haha 
shit on tv  goodnight   smile 
"there are so many things we cannot control, like when we are born and when we die  but we can choose how to live and what we made worth while before we die "
got a new numba  txtttt  4085139   smile 
"last night was   emotional  but im glad it happened  although,  the 7th beer and 8th hit fucked me over "
it's so weird when you find an old friends fb and they are pregnant or had a kid 
off to riverbank to get the lovvve a few last minute presents   smile  have a good christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone!
got a instyler for christmas  woot woot  haha  smile 
i cannot fucking wait for spartacus&true blood  ( smile 
what a lovely christmas! gave and received some awesome gifts! now time to snuggle with the love and play some ps3   smile  <propfemale> christmas everyone & happy birthday jesus  thank you for blessing so many of us with a wonderful day 
"also, ima start dying, styling, and cutting hair, and doing acrylic nails  also makeup and hair styling  hit me uppppp! nothin over like $15   smile "
"i swear, all <propmale> and i have been doing the past few days is making eachother crackkkk uppp  haha love it though  ( smile "
time to get up and get out 
"anyone else her about the discovery of the big as cave in vietnam that has, like a rainforest in it  i think thats fucking exciting "
"dear school, i will not enjoy a second of you  i hate you  thank god for music this morning "
schools out  nap  dinner with the love smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> and i are having a very interesting conversation  i love him though  haha
goodnight 
had suchhh a great day with <propmale> and kawika  smile  little fockers was hilarious! goodnighttt 
"some girls dude, fucking wowwww "
"doin my, doin my, doin my hurrr "
my feeeeeets are freezing! brrrrrr   sad 
hotchocolate and black ops zombies? helllll yes 
"i hate the one friend in the group that no one likes but won't say anything  haha  anywayssssss, out! i've had enough sims for one night "
i wanna get a <propfemale> piercing but skin divers look so painful!
shopping today! yayyy smile 
"*dogs barking at door*\me: shut up!\uncle: pesky dinosaurs again!\me: what   ?\uncle: they see dinos in another dimension and bark \me: oh?\uncle: yes, thats why dogs bark randomly sometimes \me: that makes sense! haha\\highhhhhhtimesssss "
<propfemale> timms is a <propmale>   smile 
"goodnight <propfemale> timms, micayla <propmale>, <propfirst> <propmale>, and juilen sainz  smile "
i love garretts android!!! goodnight 
"thank you, <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr  for doing what you did and having that idgaf attitude  & because of you we have no school&work today, so thank you for that  you rock, bro "
i have the worst tummy ache! ): i need one of garetts awesome tummy rubs 
"i'm sick of pussy ass dudes  grow a pair, bro "
schooool be over already! ~ miss you <propmale> pettit! ugh last night was sooo bad   sad  ~ hope today is better 
"anthony: your a clitosaurus-rex!\hahaha omggg i love you bff!"
apples and beanut butter  yum yum   smile  i think today will be goooood 
escape the fate has really made my morning lovely  smile 
i love <propfemale> pettit love 
what a pussy you are  stereotypical <propmale> bitch 
"holy shitttt, it was hard to get out of bed today! i miss youuuu garrr sad  tgif "
mr  steffens 2nd period os always the highlight of my day  hahahaa  can't wait to go home and nap nap nap 
conan o'brian just really does it for me  im fucking weird   smile 
so my bus this morning smells like dank suppppper bad  who aint sharin?! haha smile 
"so i've been watching bad girls club for the past 3 hours  that shit is addicting  as much as i hate to say it, i'm hooked   laugh "
i wish you could compromise   annoyed  i definately dont like feeling that my opinion is ignored 
friday smile  i think this will be a good weekend!  laugh 
weekend with garrett smile 
wheres the parties at tonight? shittttttt i haven't partied in months!
ughh  gettin all readyyy and idk if anythings even gonna happen   annoyed 
nother night at home with garrgarr and black ops zombies  maybe a little god of war 3  who knows what is in store   haha smile 
"please change, mom  dont wreck my life because u dont have control of your own  fml right now, forreal "
what a pretty day to start off febuary  smile 
"hahaha i love how when mr frey hears someone talking about  drinking or smoking weed hes just like \dnt smoke too much\"" or \""dnt drink too much\"" haha good stuff """
excited that gargar got to spend the night with me last night! excpet i woke up sick and had to go to the doctorrr  sad 
what a pretty dayyyy smile 
today kinda sucked  i hope this weekend will be good   smile  dnt forget about me 2night gargarrrr!
"im a mississippi <propfemale>, if  you know what i mean \haha( annoyed weekend with gargarrr, but a epic buttload of homework   annoyed "
whats up tonight??
goooo packers!! fuckkkk you guys kickin some ass smile 
watching bad girls club with <propfirst>  haha smile )
ughhh got all ready for school and now i feel awfulll   sad  blah 
"i feel hopelessss  come on gargar, make me feel better about this "
"shits going downhill, fast  and frankly, im afraid of whats happening to us "
"damn nature, you scary "
i've never been so disrespected 
cup noodle and bed  smile 
made steak&eggs for the love smile  chinese tonight! happy valentines day everyone!
"omg what happened to the radio? hella stupid shit  fuck <propfirst> beiber, forreal  why is he so special? i dont understand  104 1 is still trustworthy  ;p                        ugh tired and grumpy  haha  i miss my love   sad "
"so im a needy, immature dumbass? k, cool  thanks for clearing that up   annoyed "
"darn, i keep missin bad girls club   sad                                        what a pretty day!  laugh "
so readyyyy for another tat  ( smile 
"rip dad, i miss you every day  two years ago today i lost you, my hero  i hope your smiling down on me  i love you "
weekend with the love at my house smile  snugglesnuggle time 
"this day defffffinately couldnt get any worse, which is good i suppose   annoyed "
broccoli smile 
"fb friends, while on fb, look at your url address: if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account account settings  account security and select the box for secure browsing  share this with your fb friends to stop the hacking!   "
"fuck everyone thats been treating me like this  i have no family to rely on, obviously  depression pills here i come   annoyed "
woww  two faced assholes  i'm done trying to be friends with people who are fake as fuck   smile 
\we are at war with vietnam," right?\""\"1fdb160679b69ab2eb67e3d3beb2767a,got a badass new snake smile  woohoo 
i miss <propmale> <propmale>  dude was awesome 
battle field2 sucks call of duty's <propmale> fersure 
good day   smile 
another boring ass weekend  awesome   playful 
i love <propfemale> pettit   laugh 
i wish there was something to do tonight   sad 
made my badass snake a badass cage today   laugh 
when its rainin' on sundayyy   love 
i want sushi  baddddd 
pretty good weekend   laugh  i sure hope this week goes by fast  i wanna go fishing!
ughhh i feel so shitty  at least i have <propmale> to care for me   laugh 
dollar tree hurry the fuck up i need a job 
mmmmm <propfirst> green tea    laugh 
im having a bad day   annoyed 
homework timeeee 
i hate being sick   sad  i'm not doing rop next year  i keep getting sick like every week from those dang kids!
i'm out  i feel like shit  gotttttta miss school again  i would get hella sick during benchmark week   annoyed 
got my ab circle pro set up  diettttt starting today toooo smile 
"grr  fuck the nigh school dude, i told them i had a doctors note and they sarb me?! wtf!"
"some serious shit is goin down soon with all these natural disasters  i think this earth is sick of our shit, seriously "
13 hours of sleep  smile  i feel better 
blehhh i hate this stupid ulcer  i can't eat nothin good   sad 
finally a good nights sleep without pain!  smile  im sick of these damn tummy aches 
"sooooo, where the fuck is my phone? haha  good night   laugh "
new tat next weekend  smile  and getting mine touched up  w00t 
naptime 
"shitttt, ive been playing little big planet all day basically! haha  lazzzzy hangover day   playful "
showerrrr and continue to be lazy  this weather sucksss  d:
the wind last night was epic! o o
gettin ready to head over to the uncles  i've been addicted to making levels on little big planet  haha
ahhh so excited for my tat! a little nervous for a wrist tat tho  heard they hurttttt 
ugly bitch boutaaaaa get her ass beeeeeat!
"im about to knock this bitch out, forreal "
"i love this stupid little \scene kid\"" who wears band shirts and shit and doesnt know who they are  lawllllll  cut your nails bro!"""
my grumpy spanish nieghbor didnt let me copy  omg  ruined my day  hahhaha
i miss <propfirst> ruiz   sad 
blops time!  laugh 
official flood warning! not cool!
i think im going to stop being embarrassed of my tallness and just buy some sexy pumps  smile 
tattoo tonight!!  laugh  godddd this day is gonna go by slow  grr 
tattoo's sickkkk! pics up tmmro  smile  tired as hell! nighttt laugh 
ruined my night  thanks asshole  i love going to sleep crying 
lol <propfirst> strong needs to stop tryin to get at everyone!
pizza for dinner with lovveee smile  homemade is thee best 
fightttt nightttt smile 
"sorry if you got a weird im from me, my shits tweakin!"
ughh time to lay down  my tattoo's sore and i have a bad tummy ache   sad 
showaaaa time  i wanna do something today  it's so nice!
little big planet! w00t! haha
i hope the weather stays nice!
time to go home  d: fin weekend with the love though  see most of you tmmro!  smile 
what a great day smile  <propmale> finally got his license!  laugh  went for a picnic toooo  sad though   we found a cute bull dog all beat-up looking off the highway and took him to the riverpointe park to be safer  hopefully someone will want him  buuuuuuuuuuuuut all around good day smile 
grrrrr i was so excited to go so something   oh well 
just got back from my date with the lovvvve smile  funfun  laugh 
"i had the balls to wear wedges today  felt too tall though  wish my confidence was better   annoyed  oh well  at least i'm not as hideous as assyla sederp, just sayin!"
"why the fuck are ants so strong? no one really thinks about it, but damn, shits weird "
"poooooooooop, gotta wash meee extensions "
"lol, so now i'm reallllly not down to be chillin with a bitch that got sideburns and chest hair  shit aint right "
