808242668c871dfd4a62d7328706965f
so forward to v-day weekend!!
he is sooooo my world!!
gonna try to have a good day off even tho the weather sucks ass right now!!!
"feeling stressed, this should be a happy time  for me   "
feeling free from all drama!
there are two very distinct choices to make  in life  you can be married and bored or single and lonely  those are  your choices   
thanks to all who send me animals for my zoo!!! let me know if i can return the favor!!
"in da end da bitch still needed me  a word 2 all you fucked up ppl out der dont wish bad on others cuz <propfemale> is a bitch and if you took offence 2 da \fucked up ppl\"" part of this msg you must be 1 of em lmao  watch out 4 my friend <propfemale>!"""
do any zoo world members have any arachnids??? i em 2 level up  thanks in advance
how do i start building a green house!!!
is any1 else having a hard time sendin gift on zooworld?
thanks to everyone who responded to my email! its much appreciated!
lmao!! i can't keep up with all these apps!!!
"holy shit! is this a glitch?? i just won $40,036,114,452 from stealing from the bank in school of wizardry?? has this happened 2 anyone esle?"
can sum1 send me a flame charm on school of wizardry! <propmale>
"add some \new\"" pic of ares and me    aww i miss those dayz!!"""
send building material plz 4 farmville
i need 10 nails for my stable plz send me some ill send u 1 back tye1!!
i need 10 nails for my  stable plz send me some ill send u 1 back tye1!!
send me nails!! plz lol!!
plz send more stable and nursery material farmville friends!! <propmale>!
the floor next to the bed
does anyone know where i can get the bottles from for the eggs in zoo world?
"hatching the green mystery egg!! so excited to know what it is, 12 hrs to go!"
"my stable is almost finished so everyone playing farmville please help me!!!! i need 3 harnesses, 1 horseshoe, and 6 nails!!! thanx in advance!!"
"everyone playing farmville please send me nails and harnesses for my stable  i need 3 more of each, tyvm in advance!!"
i need nails for my nursery plz send me 10 nail tye1!!
got 130 bottles but now not enuff pacifiers!! please all my zoomates send some my way!! tysm
please everyone send lots of <propfemale> trees  cuz im re-decorating my farm tyvm!
does anyone have 1 or 2 extra sand cats or ladybugs that they bred?  i'll give u 5 animals if u can spare 2 sand cats or ladybugs and 3 if u  can only spare 1 
does anyone have 1 or 2 extra sand cats or  ladybugs that they bred?  i'll give u 5 animals if u can spare 2 sand  cats or ladybugs and 3 if u  can only spare 1 
does anyone have 1 or 2  extra sand cats or  ladybugs that they bred?  i'll give u 5 animals if u  can spare 2 sand  cats or ladybugs and 3 if u  can only spare 1 
does anyone have 1 or 2   extra sand cats or  ladybugs that they bred?  i'll give u 5 animals if  u  can spare 2 sand  cats or ladybugs and 3 if u  can only spare 1
"please help me finish my nursery barn! i still need 1 brick, 6 wood boards, 8 nails, and 3 blankets  <propmale> to everyone who send me these materials!"
"please take the time to send back pacifiers! it's called courtesy everyone  it only takes a few seconds to send one back to someone who is taking the time to help you  i have more bottles then i do binkies, i need about 180 more then i'm dont collecting  tysm!! have a great day  hope i wasn't too harsh,lol "
"hey farmville nieghbors!! help me lvl up by fertilizing my farm, i'll return the favor  tyvm in advance to everyone who helps  smile "
finally got 2 of each egg!! <propmale> everyone who send back binkies and ppl who posted bottles!! pleae do not send me any more binkies i no longer need em  just send me a msg if u need me to send u one and i will  again please do not send me anymore lmao!! <propmale>
omg whats going on with zoo now  everytime i try and adopt an animal the <propfemale> load regular w o the adopt animal opt!! is this happening to anyone esle????
even tried getting a mystery gift and bonus and still nothing!! someone e playful lain!
"i have 2 sand cats, why cant i breed them? do i need more then 2?"
i have 2 sand cats y cant i breed them?? same thing with the motmot  is anyone else e playful eriencing this??  sad   sad 
"need more spice rack material!! plz help me, <propmale> everyone!"
for my mother should she have the balls to try and look me up today: it'll be almost 2 yrs since u and i last spoke  i hope you have been reflecting on ur actions these past 2 yrs  i spent most of my life trying to win your love even after to let me fall victim to the fostercare system  there are things about being a mother that i could have never learned from u 
"i learned to share with my child, how to be tolerant, forgiving, to be \there no matter what, to be emotional and understanding, and most \importantly i learned to love him unconditionally  for 26 yrs i catched \what i realized you would never give me  i would \never do to ares what you have done to me  he will never be my slave and\ he will never have to provide for me financially "
"i am his care giver \he is not mine  you want compensation for being a mother when its a \fucking privlage not a job  you made it seem like i was a burden, \something that i need to compensate u for yrs later when u didnt even \raise me! you turned 52 this yrs and yes im still counting down the days\ til i can throw a handful of dirt on ur coffin  enjoy ur \mother's \",808242668c871dfd4a62d7328706965f,"had a great mother's day! good eats and good company, what more can you ask for  sleep tight mommy's angel i'll see you in the am "
"thank you to everyone who help me with my \noah's ark\"" achievement!! your the best! i have a new animal wish list in my \""note's\"" so please check it out and send me what you can! much appreciated everyone  smile """
"i have a new animal \wish list in my \note's\"" so please check it out and send me what you \",808242668c871dfd4a62d7328706965f,is the treasure <propmale> worth getting??
has anyone been able to breed the new zoo animals from mother's day yet because i still cant and i got 4 of  2 of the animals
i need 6 more people to help me with my barn raising!! thanks everyone!
just 4 more for my barn raising!!
thanks everyone for helping me!
wow! new zw item?? please send me castle material and i'll return them to u!!
i need 1 torch and 4 windows please! then i'm done with castle #2  thanks everyone
"i need 1 torch, someone please send 1! thanks"
i asked my friend an interesting yet morbid question and i wanna know what everyone else's answer would be  if you could know your exact time of death would you want to know and why why not?
"i asked my friend an \interesting yet morbid question and i wanna know what everyone else's \answer would be  if you could know your exact time of death would you \want to know and why why not?"
someone please send me a window!! thank you
need 1 more 4 my barn raising!! thanks 2 all who helped  smile 
going back 2 bed nite everyone
gm everyone!
"please send 1 brick, 4 wood, and 6 horse shoes!! <propmale> everyone "
can someone send me some flags plz!
can some1 lend me a dugong and a clown fish so i can buy em from my shop
<propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale>!
"zoo world animal wish list update annoyed \i just need to have these animals in my inventory so that they can appear in my shop for sale (im not looking to breed them just collect) then i will return them  please check my notes (read it fully)  thanks to all my zoomates! oh and please dont send any more castle parts, im castled out, lol "
"zoo world animal wish \list update:i just need to have these animals in my inventory so\ that they can appear in my shop for sale (im not looking to breed them \just collect) then i will return them  please check my notes (read it \fully)  thanks to all my zoomates! oh and please dont send any more \castle parts, im castled out, lol "
"does anyone have any of the animals in my \wish list\"" notes so i can unlock them in the shop to buy them?"""
"does anyone have any of the animals in my \\wish list\"" notes so i can unlock them in the shop to buy them?"""
can someone please tell me how i can send multiple gift to one person on zoo?? plus will this work with other apps as well?
lmao has anyone changed their english us setting to english pirate?? its too cute lmao!
"so glad its my day off  i so hate my fucking job, but fat girls like to eat so    lmao!"
has anyone playing zoo ever watched the last 30 seconds of your egg hatching?? the animation is too cute!
i got all the missing animals on my wishlist! thanks to everyone who helped only need the brand new animals that came out in the past few weeks!
"does anyone have the cobra, frilled lizard, the kagu, hooded seal, gyrafalcon, and hammerkop? i need to unlock them in my shop  ill send them back to you asap "
"only need cobra, frilled lizard, \the kagu, and hooded seal  let me kno if i can borrow urs  smile "
"only need\frilled lizard and  kagu  let me kno if i can \borrow urs  smile "
still need to borrow a frilled lizard and a kagu if anyone has one to lend!
woohoo!!!! i've unlock every zoo world animal!! <propmale> everyone who helped!!
i'm going home broke!!! what jewish holiday is it now?!?
zf what new animals were released today?!?
need to borrow a fox squirrel and pine <propfirst> ill send it back as usual
if you dont kno how to send multiple gifts (very simple to do) please dont ask to borrow more then one animal because then i forget who has wat and its unfair if ur not honest and send it back  i could be a bitch and ignore everyone who asks but im not like that   
"still  need to borrow fox squirrel ,pufferfish, and pinemartin "
memo to all u facebook liers if u know someones child is ugly please dont lie on your comments just dont comment not even about how cute there outfit is
just set up my live account! add me paradoxiam10
gettin on live in a few  how cool that i can type this from my xbox!
live is so addictive    can't wait til i'm work! finally a day off!! do i need re-hab lol   
"shhhh    do you hear that??? riiiight, it's nothing *smile*!"
"getting of work soon, i really need some zzz's    damn xbox live!"
"yes! a day off 2mro, time to sleep some more and relax    and of course there's live  ahh who am i kidding i'm not sleeping 2mro!! lol "
"if you were alive today what would you say to me? what advice would you give? would you be proud of me  17 year wasnt long enough for us  i needed you as an adult more then ever since your daughter is a piece of shit  i wonder what you would have said to her  you would have loved ares and he would have loved you  your love was the only unconditional love i will ever know  i miss <propfemale>    your 1st grandchild, chimere "
feeling proud of myself and my boy!
i'm not sure how i should feel    i know that my feelings are mixed and vulnerable 
i thought if anything were to ever happen to you i wouldn't care  my heart aches for you now    i need to know you're ok   
"just read <propfemale> <propfirst>    didn't know poe wrote it, such a sad poem  sad "
hope guides me  it is what gets me through the day and especially the night  the hope that after you're gone from my sight it will not be the last time i look upon you 
feeling great and positive! you can always find light in any darkness if you look hard enough 
"yes, things were done and things were said  we had 4 yrs apart to grow and mature  u found us thru the darkness  the hate i showed was just a mask to hide the pain i felt  we have an unconditional love one thats absolute  others talk shit but my life has been w o that kind of drama for 4 yrs while the drama follows them everyday  maybe take a lesson and go on a break  why keep putting u and ur child thru heartache   "
we miss you mj!! rip still!
"on june 26th 2005 at 8:20 am there was a miracle  you took ur first breath and i became breathless at the sight of you  we looked at each other and cried  we became mother and son  you are my magnum opus and i am ur <propfemale> mater  5 yrs have come and gone but we still have a life time together  you will always be my mancub, happy birthday ares!!"
"if money is the root of all evil, there's gotta be some mean dudes out there - red dead redemption"
rdr all day!!!!
"mother and son day!! hanging out at rye playland  lol never thought i'd one day take my kids there! he's gonna have such a blast! still not looking foward to the damn beach tho, yucky!!!! have a fun filled day everyone!"
we had the best time ever!! the weather was awesome! tho he frustrates me i cant ever image my world without him lol  i love you baby!
happy 4th everyone! to bad i gotta work lol 
"ugh!! i so hate the damn summer time  please winter, come back!"
ugh!! gotta go food shopping in this horrible weather  oh well shouldnt be crowded i'm sure miost people havent got the guts to travel too much today  its funny what a few years in arizona will do to your tolerence of heat lol  enjoy the day everyone!
"had an awesome day, i miss him so much    fly time fly"
"almost got drenched in the rain in bk, finally its cool even if for awhile "
can't sleep    too much on my mind   
mmm!! free slurpee day at 7-11 because today is 7 11 lol  guess ares and i have something to do today 
"another hot day  i swear it feel like that episode of the twilight zone, lol "
started a new rpg! dragon age rocks! lol i'm such a nerd  playful 
one more night then my day off! i feel so drained  joyful 
mmmm! pancakes and sausage! i love a good afternoon breakfast 
i'm so bored! i need a new job this one sucks!
"a peaceful evening a home, even tho its sorta lonely without him   "
"blood may be thicker then water, but with water you don't have to worry about the sticky mess "
"mmm, cooking early today  ready for some good 'ol chilli and rice! with strawberry cake for desert, mmm mmm!!"
true friends stab you in the front - <propfirst> wilde
today is gonna be a good day! as they say out with the old   
feeling great! it's amazing what a little change can do  smile 
mmm! smells like precipitation!! come on rain  playful 
"it never rained but maybe that's a good thing  don't wanna get caught in the rain on the way to work like the other day, i was cold lol  playful "
i looooooooooove scrabble! i'm invincible!
"i truly need rehad! dragon age: origins and batman: arkham asylum rule  i have gotten some rest, lol  one more day til i'm off and it's 36 hrs of pure gamimg  laugh "
maybe i'll surprise him and take him to toys r us    it's been a while so he will be happy  smile 
"had fun with my baby boy! he passed out on the way home and drooled all over my red pants, eww lol  was too tired to help him put together his toy story puzzle but we have 2mro, at least  he had fun playing with his noisy construction crane truck lol    "
mmmm! the house smells so lemony fresh!
"i feel sooo sleepy! can't wait to get home and pass out, poor xbox ain't been on in almost 3 day, i do miss it lol"
only you can prevent <propmale> fires!
"yes! 2mro is my day off  gonna see my babe on thursday, we have much to talk about   "
"taking my lil einstein to gamma's house  my poor brain needs a break, poor 360 has been deprived for like 4 days now lol  i've been neglecting my second baby, ya ya  i know what yall are thinking, and it no better then when a man calls a car his baby so ha!  playful "
had a great day! parting is such sweet sorry   
off to play some chess on pogo  my brain is in need of intellectual stimulation  smile 
"yay!! one more day until my bestie gets here, i've missed her!"
"off to work soon  i actually miss my lil pyro, lol tho we kno that feeling will change 5 <propfemale> after we walk thru the door  playful "
"finally back home and tired as hell, going to bed now for several hours   "
"on my way home soon if asshole people aren't late  it's gonna be fun week with vandia n <propfirst>, can't wait til the 11th cuz that will be the best day of all  smile "
"off to ny botanical gardens with my lil sis and the boys  i feel my science wheels turning lol, i'll try not to sound like a class trip haha!"
"i swear everything is better in brooklyn, even something as simple as a fuckin garden lol, still had fun tho and tired as hell"
2 more days til rye (yay) and the beach (eww)    i really hope it doesn't rain!!!
after almost 2 months i finally got this phone off layaway! lol about time  playful 
aww my poor mancub had a tum tum ache hope he feels better in da morning cuz its rye playland 2mro
"aww my friend leaves today, the house will feel so empty again  sad "
"about to get ready for work, i'm glad i can wear a sweater altho i kno this cool weather ain't for long"
"cleaning and doing laundry, i'm gonna be tired at work tonight  playful "
omg!! lol how lost am i that i didn't even know that 2mro was my day off  i'm over worked and over tired apparently lol    
feeling under the weather    i think i'll get a flu shot this year *cough* *ouch* x_x
two pretzels were walking down the street  one was asalted 
what did tigger find in the toilet? pooh
why are e t 's eyes so big?  because he saw his phone <propmale> 
"starting to feel better, time for so 360  playful "
what a boring and rainy day   
"just spoke with my baby, i miss him so much   "
"about to step over another parent milestone: school registration  5 years already, i don't know whether to feel happy or sad that i won't see him during the day anymore soon  i guess bittersweet is the best way to describe it   "
enjoying a quiet evening at home and getting some much needed r&r  smile 
"meeting the teacher today, we're almost there *sniff*"
"finished school shopping, his teacher is really sweet altho i think she will be blinded by ares swagger, lol she better not swoon too much she'll get a rude awakening \aww! he's so cute ms  bell!\"" poor lady lol   """
*sigh*  sad 
got top rank in dance central and unlocked the robot!!! woohoo!!
what kind of day will today be?
time to start packing!!
pulling an all nighter!!! this is what happens when you procrastinate smh   
"if i can make it there, i'll make it anywhere  it's up to you  new york, new york!!! ~ <propfirst> sinatra"
"poor baby has motion sickness, *barf*"
