35b3ca6f8c93f75036271e1252a85519
nice and warm here in kentucky
is still very busy  going to the river tomorrow and hopefully the library soon too   gonna be in the 90's soon too 
doing good still  loving the weather here  got a few books to read 
is doing fine   reading her third book 
doesn't know anymore   
is doing fine 
is doing alright  been reading alot still  looking forward to my birthday on sunday 
had a good b-day  and is excited for her <propmale> year    though econ  won't be so fun   
is doing alright 
is doing fine still 
i'm back!
is doing good   
is doing great 
is doing excellent 
"everything is good  my english classes still suck and i still don't like chemistry  oh well, all is well  long weekend!"
is play guitar hero on e playful ert and is winning!!!
enjoying the ps3 graphics
jamming to some music and playing sims 2 on the pc 
?u??s?p q?? ???? ? ??no?? ???os??? ?u?op ?? ?
my cat <propfirst> just spit in my eye!!!
going to the library today!
discovered the color personality phenomenon   http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
reached level 1 in the color personality phenomenon http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
reached level 2 in the color personality phenomenon http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
reached level 3 in the color personality phenomenon http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
reached level 4 in the color personality phenomenon http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
discovered the color personality phenomenon  (190 colors rated) http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
reached level 5 in the color personality phenomenon http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
doing her online course
is getting chemistry done 
wants to shread her chemistry book   oh well maybe in june  no chem work to do 
is gonna relax tonight  play a few games and watch some movies  maybe make some goodie 
living the life    free as a bird    school is boring   chemistry sucks    i still love online classes   just remember: its not all about you 
"have you ever wondered if those so called \color blind\"" people are actually the ones that see what everything looks like? i mean how do i know that the grass is truly supposed to be green and that pumpkins are supposed to be orange?"""
24 days until summer and 77 days until i'm 18!!
just want school to be over    
has realized no matter what time she goes to bed she is still just as tired 
ugh   exams    
school is finally done!
eating brownies! i love the summer   can't wait to see my schedule for next year  woot! senior year!
brownies for the first meal of the day    who would've thought i'd ever wake up close to noon?
some people make me so mad     
attempting to get some better pics up
yes!! got some good pics up  hope you enjoy
can't wait to go to that pool party!
this internet is starting to make me mad    
omg! one trillion dollars looks like this! dang!: http annoyed  tinyurl com trillion-dollers
tornado warning!!
thank god!! the tornado was about 1 2 mile from my house  got a tree down outside the window 
internet is out  hopefully it'll be fixed soon 
"no internet until saturday  got facebook,email, and myspace on my phone though "
going to have a blast at a friends   be back in a day 
got a little red but would go to the lake again    hopefully more will come next time 
refuses to take economics again! the school cheated me out of my credit!
is making brownies
"everyone says \life is too short so keep living in the dream\"" well what happens when one day you wake up to reality? stay in reality   that's the true life """
can't wait to go tubing!
just finished haltering horses and cleaning their water buckets 
oh! look at the time! i leave my house in six hours  going to volunteer at a stable tomorrow 
senior year orientation tomorrow  just think it'll be my last high school orientation ever 
senior year should be pretty easy 
"is finally getting around to cleaning out her closet, dresser, and bed  why'd it take so long to get around to doing?"
oh my gosh!! i was about to go to bed until i saw this spider on my dresser  the same one as this morning 
is watching some wrestling   cant believe i can get it without cable 
its so annoying when a show ends and leaves you hanging    what happens next?!?
wants to sleep but cant fall asleep   arg!
why does life have to be so confusing?
discovered the color personality phenomenon  (340 colors rated) http annoyed  apps facebook com my_colors 
answer my message! the anxiety kills 
is so bored    
the volunteer orientation was fun  i go for training on saturday 
has no idea how she is going to go to bed earlier than she has been  i like heading for been at 3 a m   sad 
dang!! almost thought there was a tornado! thats how <propfemale> it is here  i think i hear hail too!
how selfish can one person be? one day people that try and disappear from my life will regret it  one day those that don't talk to me enough to know me will regret it 
training tomorrow! should be fun 
is in a wierd mood
gonna try and watch some wrestling tonight   smile 
its cold! why couldnt the temperature inch its way down instead of going from 70 or 80 degrees down to 40 or 50?
is doing excellent   joyful 
going out in the rain now  i shall return shortly  don't you love to play in the rain?
is tired of all the college junk!!
first day of school   lets hope it goes good 
physics sucks    probably gonna switch out 
its only day 2 and im already tired of school  <-brit>
day 3    hopefully dropping physics 
physics is officially dropped!!!!
already feels good about school after dropping physics  hopefully sociology is cool 
wanted to sleep a bit longer    
367 pages read    on whole book  in less than 24 hours  now i realize why i stopped reading so much     all the books the sound good end up really sad    
is attempting to start her psychology project 
more than halfway through week 2    school is still kinda boring   almost homecoming week though 
job applying   boring
might have gotten it through their thick skoals finally 
hair color change! looks amazing 
woot!! seniors rule!
job interview #1 is wednesday!!!!!
interview is rescheduled for friday 
"clase de español no es tan malo  aunque creo que me gusta más, si tan sólo pudiera aprender en línea "
está emocionado por su entrevista en walgreens  espero poder conseguir el trabajo 
had an exxcellent weekend  interview tuesday 
is lovin her senior pics!!
"like\this status and i'll write a letter to you! dear____, you have a \cute_____  if we were in a room together, i would ______  me and you \should___ ____  if you hugged me, i would___  you are______  i'd get \your name tattooed on my_____  you have just been dared to make this \your status  laugh "
doing fine   playful 
just ate a cricket!!!
hates that its supposed to snow thursday and friday 
snow!! finally!
