e24b32cd0a86985c0a0503c78f822669
tried to snap his fingers with the same cheese that his hand was in 
is bored 
no really
is bored  someone talk to me!!!
is half asleep after <propfirst>'s sleepover turned us all into zombies 
needs to change his profile picture 
and he did!
is having a hard time with a poetry submission  ugh!!!
is a little bored  just a little 
shall now exit facebook for the time being 
everyone just stop taking quizzes ok!!!!
is getting ready for a sleepover at bradon's house 
"watched \war of the worlds\"" last night """
is no longer hungry 
says happy fourth of july!!!
was in a parade today 
burnt his thumb setting off fireworks 
is thinking  but you will never know what he is thinking!
is mad that guild of hereos isn't working anymore!!!!!!
will not be doing anything on facebook for th next five minutes 
is now back but will leave shortly 
is wondering if anyone knows why guild of heroes won't work!!!!!
wants a donut!
"just saw \harry potter and the half blood prince\"" a couple days ago """
jashasmashagashawallawa!
says hey check out these videos we put on youtube!
"just got home from <propfirst>'s sleepover party  why do they call it a sleepover, if you never sleep?"
is bored  nothing seems to be happening   
is not feeling well 
is feeling better today 
"has a twitch in his right eye, and it's really annoying!"
says that it's extremely hot outside!
says goodnight to all!
moo!!!!!!
it is a disgusting sandwich   
is hungry 
just got back from his cabin 
just got his braces off!
replaced his guitar strings last night  it sounds better than my old dead strings 
tells <propfirst> to stop squirting all of the innocent facebook dwellers!!
just got his retainer 
is tired   
is slightly amused by the dog attempting to destroy her toys 
does not like his retainer 
is ecstatic about the huskies beating usc!
just made a pizza from scratch and it was awesome!
is exited for the u-dub game 
doesn't like high school homework!
is playing crush the castle 
tough game against notra dame     sad 
wants to watch lost 
huskies are winning 14- 10!
did anyone see the huskies game?
is starting on the third season of lost 
has a sore throat 
turned out to be the bad guy at the mystery dinner 
hasn't been on facebook in a while 
got an ipod nano for his birthday!
"\make your own kind of music! sing your own special song!\"""""
is playing donkey kong with conner moulaison 
is writing a report about school uniforms 
is getting a new x-box 360 today!
"just saw \the nutcracker\"" at the mount baker theater  it was awesome """
finished lost season 5 last night  it was awesome! one more season to go!
watching lotr extended edition 
is hiding in the bathroom of a trailer 
three of us were hiding in there a second ago 
"it's talking, <propfemale>!  the tree is talking!"
happy new year!!!
well    i'm back 
is wondering if anyone is here in the eleventh hour before school 
"says to look at yourself in your car mirror, you look epic "
"says \do i have the strength to know how i'll go? can i find it inside to deal with what i shouldn't know?\"""""
"says \st  anger 'round my neck   he never gets respect \"""""
"says \i look out my window and see it's gone wrong  but court is in session and now i slam my gavel down!\"""""
"says \all the shots i take spit back at you \"""""
"says \using what i want to get what you want \"""""
"says \then the unnamed feeling comes alive  then the unnamed feeling takes me away \"""""
"says \purify! can't you help me? purify! won't you help me?\"""""
just worked out his spring 2010 schedule  this semester will be easy 
"just watched the season premier of lost!!!!!!!!!!! the final season!!!!! yay!!!!! if you don't already watch it, get on board!!!!"
"is sitting, doing nothing   because you see, there really isn't much to do at a time like this "
is interested in obscure thrash metal bands  has anyone heard of artillery?
's guitar pick is notched   he must have been rocking out a bit too hard   
is rooting for the colts  good luck indianapolis!!!!!
is disappointed that the colts lost  too bad   
is honestly trying to come up with a good status  suggestions?
seems to be tired all the time 
"says, my friends are all boring "
"is awake, and waiting for everyone else to wake up "
"says \goodbye everyone! i'm off to school!\"""""
is doing biology homework 
watched avatar today 
is about ready to go to school  i hope i got all my homework done!
is really tired right now   
is going to go read now 
had a really laid back day today 
is updating his status just for the heck of it 
had way too much chocolate today 
the last person to comment on this after three hours has e playful ired has to repost this to their status 
is off to a party 
needs to start reading lotr now 
we are the champions my friends!
"is tired, and nobody seems to be awake "
thought that the last lost episode was awesome!
is running out of clever ideas for statuses! of course this is a clever status   
likes his comfy chair 
is going to read now 
"says, sudden death really is quite sudden "
"says, closing ceremonies was kind of boring "
"is not feeling well,  sad "
is going to leave for school soon 
"says even though i failed to show up for the governor's breakfast, thus missing hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, i will watch it on youtube at home   \so long and thanks for all the fish \"""""
is eating spaghetti and listening to metallica   life is good 
is going to do some homework now 
"loves online games  \headshot!\"" mwahahahahahahaha!"""
's retainer is broken!
does anyone want to come over to my house?
last call for if anyone wants to come to my house 
aw well   
"says, you really get to know someone when they are half asleep   i'm feeling very epic right now, good night to every one!"
is tired from last night 
is leaving for school   right now 
"dealing out the agony within, charging hard and no one's gonna give in   living on your knees, conformity, or dying on your feet for honesty   inbred, our bodies work as one, bloody, but never cry submission   following our instinct not a trend, go against the grain until the end "
is sore from running class 
is a lost junkie 
looks down on those who do not like lost!
just finished making the movie!
"is leaving for the cabin, right now "
wonders if some people get rick-rolled in the middle of their dreams?
is going to write a report now   wish me luck!
next tuesday is a <propfirst> episode on lost!!!!!!
: the most creative facebook status maker in the world 
says goodnight to everyone!
doesn't drink coffee   he drinks tea 
says hello to the world!
is watching the health care vote 
is watching up 
hates it when he has a really clever status but nobody notices it 
's back hurts 
<propfirst>  period!
doesn't know where his ipod is!  sad 
"is learning \don't stop believing\"" on guitar  awesome song """
just realized that he can't go on the train ride 
just realized that he had school on friday 
needs his ipod! he is having withdrawal symptoms!
had a really short day  he woke up at 1 surprise 0 this afternoon 
's favorite song is damage inc 
thinks that <propfirst> mikkelson needs to get a new profile picture 
"says, you have an appendix in case of a zombie apocalypse "
only has to wear his retainer at nighttime now!
says that <propmale> campbell is not moving to california!!!
good night everyone!
>: 4 8 15 16 23 42 execute
just watched the latest lost episode  i love <propmale> 
"don't worry, be happy!"
"doesn't know what to say  it's a moment in which i need to change my status, but i have no idea what to do! help me!"
108
last day of spring break   i'm in for it 
just got a crash course lesson on the effects of gravity 
had a crowbar fall on his head today 
"\do you know who i am?\"" \""of course i do   you're <propfirst> locke \"""""
"the danger must be growing, for the rowers keep on rowing, and they're certainly not showing any sign that they are slowing"
"says, corn starch feels really weird "
"oh, somewhere in this favored land the sun is shining bright;  the band is playing somewhere, and somewhere hearts are light, and somewhere men are laughing, and somewhere children shout; but there is no joy in mudville - mighty <propfirst> has struck out "
just belayed at the bellingham ymca 
is just    i don't    know    i'm just    ugh   
has to read a couple lotr chapters tonight 
is going to school pretty soon here 
is hungry 
has to do biology homework   i feel so trapped   
is exited for the airsoft party 
"had an awesome time at the airsoft party   we finished watching sherlock holmes a few minutes ago, it was good "
had a long week    glad it's the weekend   wait! the week has already started up again! no!
is going to be mc at the talent show on thursday 
biology homework!
"wow, the talent show is tomorrow    wow   "
had a fun time being mc at the talent show 
"loves road trips, just saying "
"family reading night at the ymca, everyone is welcome!"
they're taking the hobbits to isengard!!!!!
just woke up   i like weekends   
a man walks into a bar    ouch!
has only three days left before he goes to <propfemale> 
needs to read some lotr now 
oh  wow  lost!
"just got back from capitol, i'm missing everyone already!"
can't sleep   been awake for nearly 18 hours and still can't sleep 
feels very lazy today 
isn't feeling 100%   
wants to say hello to all his friends!
"msp testing today   lucky me, i don't test this year!"
likes <propfemale> garden 
has to wake up in about seven hours   might be doing some 5k walk today 
is getting sleepy listening to kill 'em all 
i have to read four lord of the rings chapters before 2 smile 0 tomorrow!
goodbye facebook! i'll see you tomorrow! for now i must read my lotr book 
it's hard    to stay    awake! did not get enough sleep last night!
why is the rum gone?
well    there was a last minute cancellation and now i'm going on the train ride to seattle    tomorrow 
is severely incapacitated right now 
"has had a long day   got back from seattle a couple hours ago, perfect! now the nightmare begins   "
goodbye everyone! i am leaving for the cabin and won't be back until sunday   the lost series finale event is on sunday as well   i'm totally stoked 
the lost series finale is tonight!
\if we can't live together," we're gonna die alone \""\"e24b32cd0a86985c0a0503c78f822669,so many things are ending in my life right now   it's depressing 
"is pretty wasted today, went on a rant this afternoon about being stuck inside of a blue whale's heart "
is very happy with the results of american idol 
today is the last thursday that i will be having school for a whole year   i should feel happy right? i am sort of sad 
is going to the choir concert soon 
is reading 'the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy' 
likes making breakfast 
is going ice skating tomorrow 
"is done ice skating, and kind of spent "
has a garbage bag in his pocket   he also might be waking up at six tomorrow to go to desert aire to look at some houses 
"is excited for the last couple hc events   i have a performance tomorrow, and the picnic is on tuesday   and i just realized that i still have to email miss agren a completely finished version of my essay that i didn't really finish in a satisfactory way "
is back from the presentation   just one more event to go before i'm am free! well    for the most part free    okay slightly more free than before 
everybody seems to be thanking me because of my comments 
feels some sort of emotion that he can't describe   something like sadness but i'm not sad 
goodnight   
had fun with <propfirst> beating conner up in lotr: conquest   it helps when you're doing a two to one match 
"just got back from beachwood, it was awesome   the school year is finally over, i'm kind of sad about that "
"is not sure what his status actually is   how about, status: alive, unarmed, not necessarily dangerous "
i'm losing my mind! somebody talk to me!
is not hungry 
is out of altoids   
went to the ferndale farmer's market today   that was pretty cool 
"game night   too much pizza   too much soda, but altogether fun "
just found out that he is going to be singing at the concert tonight 
just had two policemen show up at his door asking if everything was alright over here   apparently there have been some distress calls in the area 
just got back from the youth group picnic thing   i had a lot of fun   i've never played volleyball before but it is pretty awesome 
i am alone   
"is very, very tired "
had a lot of fun with <propfirst> over at our house   we played lots of video games and created a lotr spoof!
is tired and sore 
happy father's day!
is working on an essay 
is going on a 7 day excursion to the cabin tomorrow 
sometimes i really hate scrabble!
"this is the last update i will post for seven days, goodbye facebook!"
"is at the snohomish library, and they have wifi!"
is back 
"watched \cloverfield\"" and \""green zone\"" last night   pretty intense """
is going to eat breakfast soon 
is clueless as to what his status really is 
is sore 
somebody on formspring just asked me if metal heads worshiped the devil   i feel sorry for whoever that was 
thinks that at 1 surprise 8 everyday we should have a moment of silence for the ending of lost 
is confused that someone on formspring thinks he worships the devil 
is hanging out with <propfirst> today 
"made a movie with <propfirst> while he was here   i directed it and i have to say, it is quite a disturbing masterpiece!"
happy almost-fourth-of-july!
happy independence day!
is doing nothing for 4th of july as far as he can see 
is watching fireworks from his room 
had an 80's music night   meaning we went on youtube and found some 80's songs 
wants to do something 
washed a few cars today   it's really hot out!
"has started watching \terminator: the <propfemale> connor chronicles\"" """
is going to sleep now 
finished watching the first season of terminator: the <propfemale> connor chronicles 
"just got texting for his phone   my number is 360-312-8630   if anyone feels like texting me or giving me their number, then that's awesome "
has texting now 
is having <propfirst> and <propfirst> over tomorrow   it is going to be fun 
is really tired video games really late <propfemale> out thing with lots of friends halo wind tent creepy movie cleaned the rv after sleeping in it i slept on the floor even though i could've slept on a really soft bed guess i wanted to hear <propfirst> on melatonin which is very funny because he sounds sort of like this status except he was talking you know a lot of people would've stopped reading by now and you haven't thank you!
is fine now 
is excited i guess 
is anticipating the trip to sucia island 
just got back from sucia island and is extremely tired   watched a bunch of <propfemale> con chrons and really hopes it hasn't been cancelled 
just finished watching <propfemale> con chrons   it's a pretty awesome show 
wants a ukulele that can summon balrogs!
indigenous species   
finally is able to get on facebook after no power for a few days 
just got his permit today 
we are working on moving grandma's stuff out of the house 
just got back from the amazing race   it was amazing 
just watched inception   it was amazing   definately worth watching   best sci-fi movie i've ever seen 
is listening to music 
hasn't been on facebook in a while 
is at the cabin and is having to put up with dial up   
is at the only place he has service at the cabin   we are heading home tomorrow morning 
had a lot of fun at the american idol concert 
just watched some videos for halo reach   it looks fun 
may be going to seattle in a moment 
"is at the harborview hospital in seattle, been sitting in this waiting room for about 3 hours now "
"we are at harborview medical center waiting for <propfirst> to get out of surgery   it will be at least four hours, will update when he gets out "
"just had the longest day of his life   went to seattle, stayed in the waiting room for about three hours, got four hours of sleep, waited for another fiv"
"e hours, and went home "
<propfirst>'s surgery went great   they have moved him back to intensive care 
"is home right now, watching for updates "
"<propfirst> is still in icu, his temperature and heart rate are elevated, but they are getting better   he is still on a breathing tube because of the general stress that trauma causes to your lungs "
is waiting for updates 
"so, it looks like <propfirst> is in recovery "
went to <propfirst>'s wedding today   it was fun 
is going to seattle today 
had fun at <propfirst>'s house yesterday 
<propfirst> is finally off the ventilator 
a message for youths interested in washington legislature: orientation meeting for youth and government is next monday and i need to bring someone   comment if you are at all interested 
is using a <propfemale> computer   it's awesome 
needs a suggestion for what conner should eat 
"hello, watch my double pepperoni video on conner moulaison's  profile "
where's your crown <propmale> nothing?
"is really, insanely tired right now "
is going to be sore tomorrow 
had fun at yag 
just watched troll 2    worst movie on the planet 
"is watching \whose line is it anyway?\"" the show where everything is made up and the points don't matter """
is going to hurt tomorrow 
is running for chair 
alias is here! yay!
huskies win!
has a tough monologue to memorize by tomorrow 
is sore from yesterday 
is working on the most awesome forge map ever 
my forge map    is complete!
is agent wesson for the mystery dinner 
fun new ballroom 
is updating his status 
is leaving for driver's <propmale> soon 
my 16th birthday is tomorrow 
i am now 16 
thanks everyone for your birthday wishes!
happy thanksgiving everyone!
all the snow is gone     sad 
que fiesta es!
go huskies!
"put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a wsu fan  being a cougar fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for cfd (cougar fan disorder) and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness! 100% of uw fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy and paste, as well as tie our shoes "
is going to driver's <propmale> soon 
kristmas kombat is the greatest online game ever!
apple cup!
eat that wsu!
thunder!
there was a double rainbow for a second there!
yag in a bit 
just got back from teaching leg!
snow!
crackers and cheese!
"happy holidays, everyone!"
there's no place like home   except maybe arbys 
well    it appears that christmas <propfemale> has snuck up on me again   the devious little thing 
"oh, wait  christmas is in 20 minutes    cool "
christmas!
wishes everyone a <propfemale> christmas!
is feeling very sick today   sad 
i've got a laptop!
"skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense "
snow!
just watched a fight break out at the bellis fair 
"mr  gorbachev, tear down this wall \-<propfirst> <propfemale>"
fun birthday party   watched <propmale> potter today   much better than the last one 
rams @ seahawks!
nice job seattle!
seattle is still ahead!
dead birds   hmm   
is listening to his favorite song   he will watch some alias later  fun!
go seahawks!
yes! seahawks ahead!
come on defense!
"yes!\yes!\yes!"
that's the ball game!
the end 
needs a new picture 
"is anybody else feeling sick? gosh, people are dropping like flies!"
so it's snowing   
chicago next week   good luck hawks!
snow!! well    a little bit 
"ah, homework   "
snow!!!!! lots of snow!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!!
evil rain 
kind of just shocked myself 
"\freedom is the victor \"""""
didn't know that i'd be speaking about my e playful eriences with bullying today   it seems that i was 
i was getting excited after that last touchdown 
the social network was good 
"well, it appears that there is some spam going around "
"\without a real car i'm only half a man   \"""""
i think i just wrote the longest sentence i've ever written in my entire life 
the cripple requests more cookies   
slow start today   everyone is feeling at least a little under the weather   but we will be at school at noon 
is attempting to write an <propfemale> rap song 
it's working     mwahahahahahaha!
it is finished!
so    police are looking for a supposedly armed and dangerous criminal about half a mile north of our house 
i believe they are trying to detain him right now 
they have him in a barn 
for now all is well   still looking for updates 
so i'm sleeping in my own room on the opposite wing of the house as everyone else only hours after hearing news that a crazy gunman is on the loose near my neighborhood   should i be just a little scared about this?
bacon cheese toast  yum!
has to wake up early tomorrow 
i love school 
needs to wake up early tomorrow   like 6 smile 0 
i am back!
i return a committee vice chair 
yes!!!!!!! green bay!
just got some cavities filled  my mouth kinda hurts 
i'm free   
steak fries at red <propfirst> are bottomless   my stomach on the other hand is not 
"we are the champions, my facebook friends "
is at the <propfemale> in semiahmoo 
remember reach 
"ice skating, halo: reach, inception, pizza, three part <propfemale>, and an alien invasion   sounds like a pretty awesome sleep over "
been feeling a bit under the weather for the past couple days 
what the heck? <propfirst> <propmale> isn't really <propfirst> <propmale>? i don't believe it!
"home after an epic airsoft battle, with plenty of welts to show for it "
just did some serious working out 
nothing wrong with me!
i just feel some sort of obligation to update my status for everyone   so here it is 
i thought i could enjoy sleeping in on saturday   but no! we just have to go walk a 5k tomorrow morning!
just got back from the 2nd annual pretty in pink walk   great weather for a 5k i must say 
just watched toy story 3   i loved it!
happy australian labour day!
"go to your profile  the first 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  i am so surviving this thing   we will dominate!\<propfemale> gallant\corin smith\kamal nair\<propfemale> baker\nirmal a n nair"
i'm going to be at the sportsplex ice skating rink at about 7 surprise 0 tonight   does anyone want to meet me there?
i'm leaving for the sportsplex now   please! i don't want to skate all by myself!
i am at the sportsplex and will be for about three hours 
"so i'm back from ice skating    for three hours   my feet hurt   along with the rest of me   however my feet are most definitely- i am done with this! this was a bad status anyway! i'm not going to continue writing it anymore, because my brain is making no sense   goodnight!"
"hamburger, hash browns, buffalo sauce, cheddar cheese spread, swiss cheese, all wrapped in a  tortilla = epic winning "
a nice cup of tea and a book   lovely 
"i am tired   why the heck am i posting this?  you don't care whether or not i am tired! that is not the reason you got on facebook!\ahem    i am tired "
"well, the week is almost over   that makes me happy   this one went by pretty fast "
i am happy that it is friday 
madman on the loose   just great 
listening to the police scanner with a list of codes in front of me   fun 
is nonchalantly solving a murder 
