6b2cf99b764f7cf72d9aaa6fb66c9591
? my baby gave me the cutest jewelry yesterday! ?
"when i dropped my lil bro off at day care this morning a pig was following me home, aren't they only allowed to follow you so far? he followed me all the way to the house and slowed down rollin by til i unlocked the door   wtf!"
"i've had my new number since monday, the 14th and i've already had to disable texting due to harassment   and i haven't set up my voicemail for that very reason  if you need to get a hold of me you can call my cell or send me a message on here  thanks a bunch  smile "
"you'll have to call me, i'm sorry   i still can't use my text messaging and i can't change my number again, this is the 4th one i've had this year cuz of this  if you're calling from a number that isn't on my contact list, thats hidden as well  i can send texts but if i turn the incoming texts back on i get bombarded, i might as well take it off my plan  sad "
"\he's already pulled over! he can't pull over any farther!\"""""
? hey! who is good at drawing?!? ?
? hey! who is good at drawing?!? ?
"\are your parents retarded? cuz you sure are special!\"""""
happy new years all!! nuh night    (yawn)
i am so sick! my man's takin care of me tho  confidential 
"either i have food poisoning or the flu  anyways, <propfirst> showed up with flowers that his baby boy picked out   how sweet!  smile "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can do our part to raise awareness : )"
happy birthday grandpa eastman!
i love camping!
the kids were here every day for so long that i can't even sleep in when they're not lol we will have em til the 4th and then off to my mama's for fireworks xo
i wanna move! i don't like this state!
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a challenge for you   i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get   or lack thereof  (this could get interesting )"
"i found another four-leaf clover! thats 2 today! my luck isn't having one, its finding one   either by walking by and it catching my eye or checking out a patch for a few seconds  smile "
"every once in a while, people who post anything from zynga completely disappears from my home   just to let you know  sad "
"the bride and groom of the weekend wanna go camping for their honeymoon, anyone wanna come with us? hit up me up!!"
think outside the bun!
today is my lil bro's bday   he's 11 now    omg   
happy birthday uncle <propfirst>! rip xoxo
i'm gettin my car fixed yay!
i wish i could take a bath and listen to my music like old times
we're thinking about going to a pumpkin patch on saturday   where's a good one between mountlake terrace and lake stevens?
rude awakening! four hours of sleep every night is so bad for you  sad 
just got home from watching <propfirst>'s football team win the peewee championship game at the husky's stadium! bulldogs 26 - ballard 22! whoot whoot!
man   my whole face hurts today! damn these wisdom teeth! it must be my mood that's making it so <propfemale> outside  wink 
thanksgiving is tonight over here  smile 
happy thanksgiving all! i am thankful for my family  smile 
i've had a headache for 24 hours now  
let's play! send me a # between 0-700 to my inbox and i'll post what i think of you as a person on my status!
"#143: yeah it has been way too long, since elementary school i think?! if i would have known your last name then i would have befriended you sooner! i had hella fun kickin it when we were kids!"
#19: you've been there for me no matter what and i can tell you everything! i love you!
#666: you're awesome!! and its funny cuz thats the number i picked on someone else's lol!
#5: you're someone i can always count on and you're like a big sis to me  smile 
#38: you stink  wink 
#25: you're a great person and you crack me up!!
"2 christmas' down, 3 more to go   <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!"
"#333 thank you for takin over \karen duty\"" lol you were one of my best friends and now you live so far away  sad """
i wish i was still sleeping  sad 
"raja has a shock collar that stops only her from barking so for xmas <propfirst> (<propfirst>'s bro) got raja a bark thing that you post up and it makes a noise that we can't hear   so not only does it stop raja from barking but it stops their dog, the neighbors next to us and the neighbors behind us! sweeet!  smile "
"last night i had a bad nightmare, the first i've had where i tried to tell myself it was a nightmare and i need to wake up  of course i didnt, so i thought it was real even after i woke up  happy to see someone next to me but still not awake, he left the room and i didn't know what to do but cry  tonight, i don't wanna go to sleep but i'm so tired!  sad "
another attempt at quitting smoking   this is day 4  smile 
oh   its a full <propfemale> outside! that e playful lains so much lol
"omg!! there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal info: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age, even credit card #'s  remove yourself by searching your name, find your <propfemale>, copy the url then go to the bottom of the <propfemale> and click on the privacy link to remove yourself  i just did, this is scary  sad "
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges they understand that life is busy  but you will always love them  repost if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are "
"finally at home, now i can get into my jammies early and lay in my nice clean bed sheets and pillow cases   my fav!!"
women are angels and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly   on a broomstick  we are flexible like that! lol
the steelers have a rapist on their team? that worse than dog fighting  
yeah! a celebration bloody <propfirst>! in your face steelers!
what are some good movies? i don't like chick flicks or action but i love comedy  
i need a broken xbox 360 to pull a prank on my lil bro for april fools   anybody have one?
"mmmm! my pork ribs are almost done cooking! hope they're good, its the first time i've made them! there's also stuffed chops that i didn't make but i'm cooking them to go with the ribs   can't wait!"
pistachios are more fattening than girl scout cookies? wtf
"is the glass half empty or half full? well, has anyone bothered to ask if it was filled up or emptied out?  lol"
