4c6c5d427853c6afa00017f04d9e9ff5
"i wonder what it would be like to be immortal, and what eternal porpose could you devote immortal life too? \i know this is random but it is a really interesting thought to me\"""""
random question  surprise  evil zombies from the grave has risen and are now feasting on your brain how does that make you feel?
i just joined the biggest teenage fail to ever hit the internet out of curiosity of what its talking about and it just selected a group of my friends and did something i have no idea what!!!
had a dream that i was on a sunken submarine sort of thing that was filled with water except for a few rooms and was filled with zombie-like things and there was only one romm with a few survivors in it that had no water or zombie-things  does this sound wierd too you?
hitler had only one working testicle!!! random fact!!!  smile 
hey <propfirst> i need a broddie helmet to do a task on band of heroes can u get it for me? i have then money for it but it glitched up so   ya i cant get it
the horoscope on this website was 100% undeniably accurate!!! and i usually dont take them seriously just think of them as things that are fun 
zombies start populating the earth and start taking over the human race    how do you survive!?!?!?!?!
if someone granted you the ability to be immortal would you? why or why not? if you would what eternal porpose would you try to have?
what would be your personal hell? in other words a world were every living nightmare of yours happened?
what would be your personal heaven? in other words were every possible thing in the world was a dream come true?
can't wait for the summer school is going to be out  anyone knows what they are doing this summer?
typo: can't wait for the summer! school is going to finally be out! tell me what your doing this summer!
going to be at a technological camp for a week to learn about video game programming
if you were mutated to have a super power what would it be and how would you use it?
2 camels in a <propfemale> fucking car! argue with that!
already suffering from summer boredom  sad 
if today was your last day would you feel fullfilled? what would you do?
who twitters?!?!?
"i finally got my own computer, no more hogging my dads computer like a pig lol "
i wish people werent as scarred of each other as we are today and we weren't so ignorant  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vr3x_rrjdd4
have way too much free time this summer    aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck i am bored!!!
my bro is borrowing my phone so don't try to contact me through phone for a couple of days - sorry
rented dead space going to start playing it now
when life gives you lemons make orange juice and leave the world wandering how the hell you did it   laugh 
hates it when the internet makes you do a survey when your trying to get something 
"i\ might not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the \perfect body  i might not be the first choice, but i'm a great choice  i\ don't pretend to be someone i'm not because i'm just too good at being \me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in my past, but\ i'm proud of who i am today!! take    me as i am   or watch me as i \walk away  post this as your status if you love being you  smile "
"part 1\is peace achievable withing society, i just have put some extreme thinking to morality peace, and is it achievable? n surprise ne ever seems to agree on right and wrong so i always thought that maybe a society thats open for everyone to make thier own choices but still enough restrictions where we can live with eachother"
i am better than everyone in the whole world    and i am modest lol                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         just kidding
theres a difference between 100% certainty and knowing
i have a god dahm headache for no reason!!! sry random i kno thats the point!
maybe we should start a petition to get rid of surveys?!?! whos with me?!?!
"i just saw my dog scooch his butt on the floor for the first time in ever, rofl!"
"hmmm strange    i feel borderline retarded sometimes, and borderline intelligent sometimes but never completely retarded or intelligent  lol"
"life is like a story, its got a intro, climax and end and filled with hidden morales "
i feel at peace with myself for some reason out of nowhere or as if out of nowhere everythign just got simpler    strange    nothing new happened though  annoyed 
i haz dahm compuer viruz but i can stillz uze teh internetz mwahahahaha will see who has the last laugh computer virus  crying 
"sorry for not being here for so long i forgot that myyearbook existed lol, im back tho    http annoyed  chatter com a lcysi?ref=nf"
"ignored my requests since the day i signed up for facebook and now decided to actually acknowledge them sorry if i ignored and requests or causes you sent me i will keep track of them for now on  smile \p s  on a side note 60-80% of the requests were farmville, please no more farmville!!! it was sooooooo annoying to have to ignore them all one by one     crying  also mafia wars, petville, etc  etc  please thank you!"
a true friend knows when to care and when not to care  smile 
a true friend knows when to care and when not to care  smile  http annoyed  chatter com a lhf5h?ref=nf
why is this one of the most friendliest sites ever compared to fb? lol http annoyed  chatter com a lhsws?ref=nf
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo boooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeee    http annoyed  chatter com a lhvd3?ref=nf
how do you change profile pic? http annoyed  chatter com a li6dg?ref=nf
i'v been in the mood for bowling for soup lately lol http annoyed  chatter com a li728?ref=nf
changed my profile layout it is awsome!!! http annoyed  chatter com a li9vc?ref=nf
so fucking bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
what do you want to be when you grow up? http annoyed  chatter com answer this lyxqo?ref=nf&c1
how do you disconnect myyearbook from facebook? http annoyed  chatter com answer this m3fv9?ref=nf&b8
facebook can you hear me? testing testing 1 2 3 lol  smile  http annoyed  chatter com a m3mhv?ref=nf
"took a superpower quiz, i apparentl got super-intelligence lol i wsih *sigh* http annoyed  chatter com a m3vgn?ref=nf"
"took a superpower quiz, apparently i got superintelligence    i wish!!! *sigh*"
ow do you disconnect from other things? anyone please help?
what super power would you want if you could have any super power out there? http annoyed  chatter com answer this m3xwk?ref=nf&d3
success!!! myyearbook and facebook is disconnected
how did we meet? (copy this to your status & see who remembers )
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=nnrec1wnq6c
this is a song about getting high!!! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=6ozxqkasoxg
"have you ever smoked a big fat cuban cigar!\have you ever hitched a ride on a shooting star!\have you ever seen red, when it should have been yellow (whoa-oa)\have you ever been mellow!\have you ever seen a day that don't turn to night\have you ever been wrong when you thought you were right\has it ever been said \your a jolly good fellow\"" (whoa-oa)\",4c6c5d427853c6afa00017f04d9e9ff5,"soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\boooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedddddddd"
"i discovered a secret of the universe: how to give this guy  smile  a nose and bigger eyes  playful ,  laugh    "
"you and i wake upin jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me?(note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status --fair is fair -- play along)"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=iz-ob6jmyum&feature=related
mint gum + orange popsicle = tastes like water o 0?!?!?! lol
just saw paranormal activity with older brother!
"person a: i am always right\person b: except when your wrong\person a: well yeah, if you want to get technicall"
"like my status and i will annoyed 1)tell you what i like most about you\2)give you a nickname\3)tell you what celebrity you look most like\4)send you a message revealing one of my secrets\   5)tell you what song you remind me of\6) tell you the best memory involving you\keep the chain going and post this on your wall you'll be suprised what you get back\*i might not do 4 and 5 cause i don't know what i'd put"
"up in flag celebrating johns b-day, flag is great got too see my old school!  smile "
"two pieces of bread, turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, gravy    thats what i call a thanksgiving sandwhich! ^ ^"
school tommarow  sad  well it was fun while it lasted
selling mistletoes if anyone is interested (and if i can send them to you somehow i will sell them too you if you are interested) $3 each 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is not to see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same"
i will for now on only speak ot my dog in <propmale>! because i can be-otch!
the things that mean less to us are the easier things to lose-hunter <propfirst> <propmale>
"got myself a ginko lizard, about 12 inches long, and is easy to take care of    the only down side is i have to keep crickets in the cage for him to eat   ooooh creepy *shivers* i hate bugs especially crickets "
xbox is fixed!  laugh 
