a8c5b441729be3bc83b892e02473fada
going to work wooo! ima be a drunk plow man
sick blah
who wants to come snowboarding with me sunday?
all that money put into my car! fucking bull shit do not by a dsm
wants to <propfemale> out with someone tonight! wtf people
is going to <propmale>
wants to drink tonight
redbull and vodka
going to work then hittin up <propmale>  woo
"ride for hours, supply the flowers"
wooo gonna tear it up in class
ill go out of my way for my friends and no one will pick me up 
class! is gay
at school listening to some dude about pedaling herion  what a nice guy
stop falling asleep and drive the fuck up here!
i am an old man
my car woke up my new neighbors  laugh 
"remember, every time a turbo spools, or a blow off valve sounds, an angel gets it's wings  and don't forget, god loves you, as long as you own a dsm "
"i got pulled over for drag racing, and the cop let me go  i am confused "
picking up tj  im gonna teach him how to get headshots in call of duty  laugh 
have to put duke down today  sad 
no one to play with in the morning! fuck you animal control
picking up my little guy
"going to <propmale> to buy a very e playful ensive dictionary, then im gonna smoke it while merking niggas all day in some cod"
"waking up to go to work, and its snowing out   "
just got home from work omg woo!
now listen to me baby uh uh uh  so hard
"completly fucked up a yellow type r today  he didnt have a licence or have his car registered  if your car was legal you would be driving around in a new one \lesson learn fag dont cut off me when im driving a truck and trailor cause i will hit you "
is super !
bustin my ass everryday for chunk change
deadmau5  is planting flowers in boston !
deadmau5 is awesome
"everytime a turbo spools, an angel gets its wings"
got the house to myself for 1 month  laugh 
i love beating on my talon with no exhuast at 5 am
blah  going for a drive !
should be at work but im slackingg  <propfemale> needs to leave e alone
"the grounds wet, going for a test drive  smile "
bought a 16g evo big 3 turbo   laugh 
gonna eat some yums yums with <propfirst> v and go to the <propfemale> !
24 hour <propfemale> mans race last night was sick  anyone else watch it?
ahh my eye is all fucked up
deadmau5 is playing in boston july 21!  laugh 
oi mate! top to the morning to ya lad
everyones doing it  boys and girls are doing it together  friends get together and all do it   everyones doing it hardcore
my bros birthday tomorrow  gonna not drink tonight   maybe
what a nice lady
"i broke my phone  message me your number and\ no not you <propfemale>, leave me alone "
my good friend is in the hospital fighting for his life  ronny stay strong bro
hi my name is paco and i can jump over any wall 
anyone wanna <propfemale> out? ima be in <propmale> with my race car (my talon)
its 8 am  and im super duper!
is anyone else bored like me and wanna chill
off to <propmale> in the race car
sleeep
last night was siick
"got a new phone  text me your number! 978 996 7940\and im in <propmale> with my talon"
bull shit
gonna put in all my steering parts in tomorrow and put the straight pipe in   laugh 
"faggot ass new phone broke \fuck you phone"
is about to pass the fuck put  and yes i am driving a truck and trailor right now
gonna fall asleep right here in this field
"hi, im <propmale> gibson angrer managment councile  as you can see, he has been praticing his breathing excersices "
what's everyone up too tonight
my head is filled with alcohol
totally dude man bro
durrr durr rrrretard nurr
no work today! wooo omg
its to hott to cut grass  fml
what everyone be doing toniiight
wtf happened last night   
finally got my talon running good  (=
highway runs tonight woo!
"rave party  my house starts in 1 hour  hit up my cell if you wanna paaarty\9789967940"
hahaha <propmale> c is mad funny
who wants to get teabag in reach?
riddle of the day:  whats short and steals money?
fuck this shit
thats right sit down! (tbag) ooooo
must fix wheel bearing before track closes for winter !
i cant hear anything
im the scatman   <propfemale>? ba da bada bop
what you know about them boostin
angel you are slow  whaaaa
black ops tonight  whaaa
too much cod   
i am master of leaves
"the <propfirst>, what do they mean? you can stop all this now "
package on the way you know im whip game proper
head of state 
omg work is super woooo i love life
i have no idea whats going on right now wooo
should i sell my coffin or buy a faster one?
id like to see that guy shimmy on the dacne floor
rawr
"its a fine day, people open windows"
"neighbors are complaining my car is too loud with the straight pipe \there gonna love me when i have open headers"
omg zomg lol lolzz!!1!!
hate being sick
im gonna eat you alive
omg the dentist is totally gonna rip out my tooth in about 1 hour  zoomfg!!!
"ive been at work since 3 smile 0 am, now i have to go back out again \fml"
"from the place, not in the place"
be good or be good at it
took plates off my car  time to drift
"so bull shit right now  drift for at least 3 hours today, then when im driving all nice i crash my car  there goes 3 years worth of work"
"alright, ill admit it, i went out drifting today "
i cant forget that tree
picking up my shell today  91 eagle talon tsi awd  smile 
getting ready for snow
sleeeep finally!
nooo work!
no work tonight woo
going to <propmale> hit me up
riding quad in the snow  laugh 
going out then work at 3 woo!
work till whenever  
"i hate   bobcats \i like   sleep "
blah
stop creeping my fb crazy ex gf please?
took the rest of the day off 
cant sleep now wtff
trying to get my car running for some wheels tonight
wants to snowboard
"waking up, off to work  hopefully i get tomorrow night off!"
does anyone know howt usea bobcat? i want to go snowboarding  9789967940 call interested
no more work im freee
"at work, i asked this dude to move his car, so i could move all the snow into a pile  he ignored me and walked away \good luck getting your car out <propmale>  im off all weekend hahaha"
goin out
"just woke up, had a   weird dream"
"had to do some burnouts and drifts for <propfirst> d \had fun tonight  laugh \and whoever left early missed the master of beatboxing"
why the fuck is it 35 degrees in my room
omg im late must bomb to school
looks like im doing my homework in the bobcat tonight 
"proof! i won 5 grand off a scratch ticket\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0"
"is very much sleepy  class is in 1 hour, i should not be driving "
"worked all night, left for school around 9 am, fell asleep in the truck and missed class "
omg must bomb
needs sleep
