5ede7a48eaa2e38643e403f1764ba0e4
everytime i type google it first comes out like googel  this upsets me 
"4 hours and my phone still is \verifying iphone software\""     thats gay """
"how come there is no \tear free\"" adult shampoo? at what age does that stuff stop burning eyes?"""
???? ???? ??? ??? ??? ?? ?????? ?? ???? ???? ??????  <--- i have no idea what that says 
"man, i suck at socom      stupid french people    "
"nothing like waking up to <propmale> <propfirst>, today is going to be awesome     team time trials today, astana ownage "
yesterday= best day ever  maybe     well it was ok 
sometimes i'm amazed by how amazing i am 
midget bullfighting     is awesome 
i dont wanna go to the dmv      could end bad 
just got an email for a job  gotta go in tomorrow and pass a forklift test  hopefully      
"there are some things that should never be put into a google image search, i think diarrhea is at the top of that list "
whats on my mind?? puppies!! i like puppies   smile 
http annoyed  www hireamidget com   -this is the greatest thing i have ever seen  i wish i lived up there  i would have a pet midget  i would call him <propmale> 
how do you know its true if you've never tried to prove it false?
im going for another run 
"picking the pen back up, might as well finish it "
im gonna go fishin 
omegle     interesting 
"is meeting very interesting people, omegle is quite fun "
"i wanna play on a slide, a real slide  big metal slide   "
'i am blackwolf the dragon master    '
rawr!!! im about to partake in a magical quest to find 'the wonder years'    cause i wanna know what you would do if i sang outta tune   
today i beat my previous record for number of consecutive days spent alive  i'm going for a new personal best tomorrow 
"watched the entire first season of lost      yea, it is by far the most retarded show ever "
"ill show you mine,  if you show me yours first  lets compare scars, ill tell you whose are worse "
": bore·dom,  pronunciation: \\?bo?r-d?m\\,   function: noun,     date: 1852 : the state of being weary and restless through lack of interest"
nap nap time   
just found a book titled 'why black people love fried chicken' while looking for the book 'making friends with black people'
e playful ecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like e playful ecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian
do not argue with an idiot  he will drag you down to his level and beat you with e playful erience 
"i asked god for a bike, but i know god doesn't work that way  so i stole a bike and asked for forgiveness "
finally reentering the workforce 
i slay myself sometimes 
bringin the cheesehead out and gettin ready    pakers and bears
laugh at your problems    everybody else does 
"i think a poo bag would be cool  you would never have to get up to crap, and if someone makes ya mad you have something awful to hit them with "
in the beginning the universe was created  this has made a lot of people very angry and is widely regarded as a bad move 
grrrrrr     this is going to suck 
waiting for midnight     
packers vs vikings tonight  more so packers vs farve  im torn 
its time to realize that women aren’t people    
1 hour      rawr!!!
"stupid packers    atleast arrowfest was good, love me some <propfirst> money "
double yay!!!
vanilla caramel marshmallows taste like coffee creamer 
goin to bed   
trying to stay awake to watch the packers destroy detroit again     just a while longer  need <propmale> grahams and icing with root beer  tacos too  i need tacos 
"going to bed now, goodnight world see you later tonight   "
new life goal- chug a gallon of eggnog 
to mystery person    i would like my pants back 
straddle the line in discord and rhyme;  i'm on the hunt i'm after you   mouth is alive with juices like wine;  and i'm hungry like the wolf    
    losing it    
cant wait for monday    
its finally friday!!!
im not putting pants on today    
(insert ellipses)
i dont wanna   
no more warrants! yay!! now i kinda wanna go break some laws again 
needs marshmallows   
sleepy  ready for nap nap time
watchin alf   
google chrome sucks  kinda 
hungry   make muffins     muffins and <propmale> n cheese 
caint sleep   
my left arm wont quit twitching 
this is gay    
finally
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name under comments"
i want pie 
oh my     
this snow is dumb    
without a concise set of rules to follow we would probably all have to resort to common sense 
hungry    maybe make some spaghetti 
schnitzel for dinner???
"hungry, bored, and hungry "
stupid boston     
penguin <(' )
i dont like being scared of heights
peanut butter cookies     nomnomnom   
   sleepy   
rumbly in my tumbly
twelve days
"<propfemale> spears takeover on fuse, everyone should tune in   "
eleventy days remain 
"the final countdown has begun, ten days   "
"nine, nine, nine, nine      nine days remain "
lexx is on hulu    cool   a week and a day
"next friday, it happens    yay!"
"busy busy morning    and its getting close, i can smell it "
i need a scale that measures grams    
"tomorrow it happens, the non stop thrill ride that will leave you on the edge of your seat begging for more!"
yay!! i thought this day would never come 
wish i could see this detroit phoenix game     it sounds like its a good game 
its a fine time for nap
i want snickerdoodles
facebook ruins all my fun
people need to watch brother bear    fo realz
"a week in jail or a month of community service? decisions, decisions   "
"why celebrate a victory over the french? seriously, it was just the french   "
tomorrow is going to e a weird day  its kinda surreal 
"i would think being covered in <propfemale> dust would be glamorous, but really its just itchy "
just caught myself using my phone to read the internet while im setting with my computer  that was lame 
that was intense; going to sleep now 
"for some reason, i have the song killer tofu stuck in my head "
unbelievable   
"man, i could use a back massage, if only there was someone who owed me one "
"holy crap, i'm tired … it's going to be a long night "
what happened to da hoff??
need to find a kona dealer in the <propmale> area 
i shoulda started doing this a long time ago     to much fun getting to work now 
zoo!!!  yay!!!!
i'm tired but caint sleep  lame 
i found a pack of southern <propfemale> pine belt on the side of the road on the ride in today     full unopened  it was just setting there like a gift 
so a week with no lights and not even one close call     but tonight with my lights on two cars almost drove right into me     i guess lights just draw them in 
eight more hours    
i'm hungry 
ohhhh     it's gonna be a wet one today 
stupid ups 
cycling to work 101: when leaving work to journey home make sure you don't leave your house keys at work 
lame 
i hate spiders    
it's hot 
needs a new phone    
just got an iphone 4   kinda 
this is retarded 
just discovered snake on youtube     cool 
i'm drunk   that's all 
my back killing me 
i wish i could sleep     
<propfemale> <propfirst> drinks chimay 
"damn i'm a badass, best be gettin raise come tuesday "
my mountain bike will be ridable by weeks end  finally 
i cant buy a break    geez 
seems like a good time to go to bed  good night  gotta wake up in less than 4 hours    
mountain bike fixed and i'm going to have to work all weekend      i'll never get to ride it 
new phone is legit
new phone is no longer legit     new phone is smashed into a million pieces 
new phone is legit again 
back to leam tomorrow
my phone is so awesome 
this phone is badass  droid os > ios
"sometimes, i hate being right "
painful day today 
ripped a hole in the pocket of my jeans 
some peoples kids    
"ghost hunters, its legit "
"shitballs, i'm hot "
boredom besets me 
awesome 
i think i have finally come to grips with how much i like men    heeeeeeeeyyyyyy!!!
still awesome 
up 500  might as well spend it 
today sucks   
im hungry 
im hungry 
still hungry
finally 
feel like i was stabbed in the stomach 
bored
"im tired, hot dang dun tell ya what its nappy time "
"shitballs, my knees a hurtin "
waiting          
fifteen hours later i get to go home
new favorite song
"heading home again hopefully for good this time, i'm hungry "
cowboys-texans   done did      real game is tomorrow 
miserable ride in     
hungry like no other  someone wanna bring me a snack 
free food is awesome 
     tired  i still  have to so laundry and eat today 
five days; 77 hours  three shy  next week 
i need a beer 
hungry  sleepy  hungry  that's how i feel about this situation 
eighteen hours 
would kill for a root beer right bout now   two days 30 hours 
hungry  40 hours here in a little bit 
55 in less than one 
a saturday night off    what to do    
cracked my phone in half     just the topping to an awesome day 
two days 36 hours  and day two ain't even over  killin it  need beer 
twenty two hours 
weird night    
just drove a forklift through a computer  it was awesome 
home and its light outside     weird 
insane weekend      
gets to drive a forklift through a mini fridge tonight  its going to be awesome 
tonight the fridge destruction will happen 
i'm hungry     anyone wanna bring me some food?
thank god for heated seats
finally off and home 
i am completely in love with <propfemale> at buffalo wild wings 
über bored 
hungry          
baking bread  it smells awesome 
"goodbye beard    you were good to me, but the porn stache was called for and it must go on "
off work at a decent time     now what?
hungry  gonna be an extremely long night at work 
this getting off early thing is weird     
sleepy     atleast im getting off early today   annoyed 
sippin whiskey listening to good ol country     aww good whiskey wednesday 
figured it out     
today started of crappy but i think its going to end alright 
"tired, hungry, thirsty, and slightly pissed at the world  normal me  atleast something good at work happened "
go bears!
ill be in the <propfirst> area feb  6th 
hand ball     oh these busy work days 
hungry    
saftey meeting      i'm taking a nap 
"off early, slightly confused about it "
hungry 
full 
it is only by not trusting that you turn someone into a liar
going to midland  yay       annoyed 
killin it today    
off tomorrow     not driving     game on 
apparently going to north <propfemale>    cool  indecision 
"fine cigar, glass of bourbon, gentle breeze on a perfect texas night     this is living   "
new boots   
