a1145ca3f643e47a78e4dbacd8028b92
"chillin for now, going too the avenues later with the sissy "
huhhhh finnally made one
"ughh i feel sick, mite take a nap"
facebook is time consuming
can i ever get a break?
"im up way too early! let's <propfemale> out this weekend,text me up! after 6 though"
just woke up from a very needed nap
"just got home,watching drake; better than good enough"
"ugh just waking up, i stayed up til 4 last night"
"lol jeez, that was the most hilarious thing i have ever witnesses  that was like something from a spanish soap oprah"
"how sad, how hilariously sad"
"omgzzz i feel so sick today, friggin alergies and or sinuses"
"i swear this has been the most randomest, weirdest summer ever  hands down"
watching when in rome
"sitting baq thinking about how ironic life is, and how hillarious it is "
"& since you can't escape me, do i ever cross your mind?"
listenin to eminems 25 to life while im getting ready for today  this song gets sweeter the more times you listen to it 
going to the landing tonite
watchinq rocko's modern life
lol so my five year old cousin just called me a diva 
when i said that i'd return to you i meant more like a relapse
"new orleans was fun, but im happy we're finnally in <propmale>"
"finna go wonder around my hotel room, peace fb"
"just came from the pool, today i just found out that apart from being part white, aqnd scottish that im also part cuban"
finnally home! my vacation was sweeet! new pics coming later  if i feel like it
watching pretty little liars  love this show
if you get tagged in more then one of those 25 random facts things can you do another? if not i think im gonna anyway 
so im trying to be a vegetarian again
extra bored sooo like my status and i'll tell you my favorite memories with you
"okay so peace out face book, i gotta go to the hair dresser"
lookin for the usb chord for my camera  annoyed  who wants to come over and help me find it?
i have a horrible headache  annoyed 
"cleaning my room s n:i ran across a \love\"" slambook from 5th 6th grade  lmao brings me baq"""
going to sleep s n; add me on oovoo-kierraisamazinq  playful  nite
"consider this as a gift as you taste him on your lips\and he's making you scream with his hands on your hips\i hope he's leaving you empty baby this is just a fix\for such a simple little whore"
fml right
"k so i finnally found my usb chord for my camera finnally, but i cant find the charger smh  s n: does anyone have a charger for a sony cybershot  annoyed "
"so im really sleepy, goodnite fb :{|"
on the phone with <propfirst>
i love my life cuz i swear their life is just not as fun  love 
"how do you like your eggs, over easy or fertalized"
"watching \if you really knew me\""  this show is legit"""
"cell phone just died, to o lazy too look for the charger"
"im sooo sleepy, im finna take a nap\s n; they're makinq a <propfirst> movie!!!! omg"
"just made a tinyhat & tumblr i'll most likely update both tommorow tinychat:kierraj\tumblr:amazinqkierra follow me & shizz  playful "
aha sissy's <propfemale> has dedfinitely been hacked by me! <propfemale> i love ya   i guess ;p
& in the end the love we take is equal to the love we make-the beetles
im mysterios as the dark side of the <propfemale>
well i got my laff for today
"so basicly it's your life story right now, lol okay gotcha  wink "
"i need you too rescue me from my destiney, im tryin to live right & give you whatever is left of me \s n:too early for drake lyrics?"
bored im ready for my cousin to come over
just woke up stayed up til like 6
i feel like watching hercules right about now
geez i wish my mom would get off my baq already! why did she have to stay home from work today smh
"watching drakes miss me video, ilove drake  love "
"i want something with style,shake it up until it pops, i'll take the biggest baddest freshest thing you got "
"finally home,went to bush gardens with my sissy!!! had so much fun minus all the walking  smile "
btw i ate a veggie burger todayyy!
chillin with my sister danaa' reminds me of the after party at my hotel in <propmale>  smile  good times
had a pretty good first day of school
gosh this loser in on the phone with me singing about 877-cash now  playful 
"love me when i least deserve it, because that's when i really need it"
500 days of summer is such an amazing movie
& you know life is what we make it & a <propmale> is like a picture i'd be nice if you just take it 
"just got home, had fun with my cousins tonight  smile "
vma pre-show  team drake!!!
kanye should've popped up && interupted <propfirst>  i would've died laughing
team drake!!!
no phone until saturday  sad  sucks
"the fuck is a guaphead??? lmao you nigga's are lame as fuck  just go home you get no girls you never seen \white bricks\"" befor && you can't rap  you have no talent so just stop it  lmao i hope you get sued for using samples of dj khaled in your songs """
no school today! drove to mcdonalds this morning  smile 
"sitting in a comfy corner in my room, typing a pass due ap <propfemale> paper listening to the rain "
school should be cancelled tommorow because of the weather
"take all my memories with you and just erase it for me, you can never reminisce if you forget it all "
it just doesn't make sense too me  annoyed 
today was freakin amazing! so surprising cause i usually hate bdays
omg juicy couture sent me card for 30% my next purchase! life is complete  today was definitely the best day i had in a while  smile 
"ehh so today was kinda crappy,yesterday was crazy, and the day before that was amazing  why can't things just go from great to better "
eww why is kaneisha at my house???
finnished my ap <propfemale> hw  goodnite fb tgiaf-thank god it's almost friday (learned that one on urban dictionary)  wink 
no one like ashante <propmale> can brighten my day when im a crappy mood ilh!
"my head is like a kite, all my thoughts run astray"
i just opened a video chat room at http annoyed  tinychat com kierrabby  (tinychat com)
self proclaimed? smh so unofficial    gn fb
"everything will be okay in the end, if it's it's not okay it's not the end ?"
lil baby bout to break her neck lookin at me up & down lol
"how bout them jaguars lol, guess they're not complete losers"
ughhh school i hate you so much
just woke up
listening to erase me by kid cudi & just the way you are by <propmale> mars
yes! i got a math tutor who knows what they're talking about  best thing too ever happen too me 
today was good until the end then it got  hectic   oh well i just hope for a better tomorrow 
"im myself, made entirely of flaws  stitched together with good intentions"
"blow drying my hair, it got all wet during soccer scrimmage but i had fun so it was worth it "
who? why? wassup? like it baby  smile   love 
"at home, feeling miserably sick  sad  ughhh why today of all days"
annoying people should go away 
you know what show is cool? hey <propmale>  that is one awesome show 
how bout my 9 year old cousin has an iphone!?!?!
"i'll take one shot for my pain, one drank for my sorrow get messed up today, i'll be ok tomorrow  gotta love <propmale> mars"
up extra early watching catdog
studio love-wiz khalifa on repeat=contentness
soccer game tonight wish us luck
"i don't even want to finnish getting ready for school, i really wanna roll over & go back too sleep "
omg new cell phone #4229438
"i wanna play too, inbox me a number and i'll make a confession  smile "
"#225 even after everything i still think you my dawg  we had our ups and downs but im glad we're cool with eachother now  your one of the few people i can have an intellegent conversation with, and im glad too have you as a friend"
lol #13 what can i say? i love with all my heart  even though we don't talk like we used too i still consider you very close too my heart  you owe me back child support! it seems like just yesterday you we're rockin the simpsons shirt but you grew up alot since then  im thankful too have you in my life and i care alot about you 
#55 omg i miss you at wolfson! you need too come back asap  you make me laugh because your never afraid to say whats on your mind  your probally one of the coolest and realest girl i know  real talk
"#868 i miss you making me laugh and calling me \lil quaintance\""  im mad you tried get me kicked out of grad night but we can move past that lol  havin tv production with you was the best because you always made me laugh  i wish we could have gotten a <propmale> too know eachother better because i miss your company  just being around you for that small amount of time brightened my mood """
"okay fb im signing off cause im super tired, still inbox me them <propfirst> & i promise i'll get to 'em tommorow  sn sad hallenge day was <propfemale> good i love all you guys & don't blame me for getting all emotional and heartfelt tonight or for the rest of the week lol"
"#1694 ewww lol jk i confess that your really fun too be around, especially in lunch! your a weirdo and you take playing cards too seriously but you my dawg and i wouldn't have it any other way "
#009 petty! lol i miss you kid! we used too have so much fun in mr p's class  we used to play tunk and mess with <propfemale>  huh memories  but you need too hurry up and come back to wolfson cause you my petty!
dougeing with miracle simmonz
worst game ever
"chicks like you ain't worth too much, <propfemale> shut up girl & make my lunch"
just woke up from an amazing nap
sleepy but i can't sleep
asdfghjkl; can't sleep
lmao i asked my mom how old was she when she stopped believing in <propfemale> clause  she said 15 so i bust out laughing and she got at me  it's not my fault she was in high shool still thinking a fat man with a reindeer and sleigh was real lmao
ughh school  annoyed  at least it's aday  smile 
"i wanted to go to school today, but i was just too sleepy this morning"
on the way to the avenues
going to fix some hot chocolate  because it's way cold outside
skimp ass eclipse
the polar e playful ress is my favorite christmas movie
*happy dancing  smile 
i herd <propfemale> had a body like an abercrombie model  wink 
watching ninja assassin
"lmao my cousin told my that i was one of the \lucky ones\"" to walk down the street and not get hurt now-a-days"""
<propfemale> christmas fb! i hope you enjoy your holidays
ughh can't sleep
"greatest man in history named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today- just a lil somethin"
up wayy too early  going back too sleep 
just woke back up
gn fb going too bed
love is the weapon for this wounded generation 
one more week off please! i really dont feel like school in the a m 
"beyond tired, im taking a nap zzz"
i actually had a really good day at school   the game was whatever though  annoyed 
finnally the weekend  tgif
im ready for summer
i want a sabers jersey 
"\tasha mack\"" lmao never gets old"""
i knew it!!!!!! all along i knew he wasnt the father! where's maury? i swear i knew 
omg as soon as they said it wasn't his i thought to myself *now they bet not switch it up at the end and say it's his  smh
hot white chocolate from starbucks=paradise  smile 
"just got home  ms wolfson was nice, all the ladies did good "
"just woke up, probably gonna do some home work later"
omagosh! im slippin on all my shows  i missed most of pretty little liars and i have to catch the second showing of skins  smh 
the new skins starts off just like the first season of skins uk
omg rogers and hamerstien's <propfemale>! so many childhood memories  smile 
stayed home today!
i guess im <propfemale> stevenson personal dj for tonight
yesss thank god it's the weekend! sn: wasnt feeling well so i stayed home  sad 
should've sucked it up and went to school  apparently ish got real today lmao
shower time then going out with the girls at 3  smile 
beyond sleepy right now
"just woke up from a needed nap, i guess i should start on my school work now "
"just got home, pass out on the couch "
jus got home from a sushi bar yum smile 
