4f20e60bda26a3f7c42712b6552c29f8
"is pretty much proud of herself for making an awesome new hand sign phrase  ok, so not new, but if i took two semesters of asl i might as well use it right? yay fingerspelling!"
"is gonna watch a movie, then hopefully go to bed sooner than usual, then do another wonderful 12 hr work shift  woohoo  indecision "
it feels later than 10:24  hmm 
is kinda excited about the weather  i love lighting candles   laugh 
is excited for wednesday night  i think i'll write a song about it 
"is trying to decide   i can go curly tonight and keep my hair up   or straighten it, god forbid in this heinous weather, and allow it to curl back up again from the sweat, thus wasting 3 hrs of tedious time  well, thats a hard decision  indecision "
is stuck  i can't find my keys!
doesn't know what she should eat  i need halp!
maybe all i need is a shot in the arm   
ah   cleaned up after a horrible day at bw   its like washing away sins in a lake baptism 
he asked why i'm a baby monkey  why? because 
is jammin' to the new yeah yeah yeahs cd   why did i wait so long to buy it! why didn't i go to the concert! sigh   
getting ready for work  ugh   
just watched a pretty freakin' awesome show on pbs about music and the brain  its on again at midnight so watch it!
omg! i think <propfirst> <propmale> just died!!!
ugh   i hadn't had mcdonalds in such a long time   then i screwed up  i ate it  now my stomach is heading a coup d'etat with my digestive system  never again!
ugh  june went by way too fast   oh well  nap time!
my car key broke   somewhere   maybe in my ignition   otherwise some evil gnome did it when i wasn't looking   damn those evil gnomes  so spiteful 
is in total love with the new wilco album!
is jammin' to <propfemale> spektor  ah i love music!
can't figure out her new phone  ugh technology   
is exhausted from work  ugh i need a nap!
srsly? hungry again?!
"is doing laundry and all things productive today; yesterday i spent way too much time watching turner classic movies in my bed and napping  actually, that sounds pretty good right now  screw productivity  its summer!"
hangin' with ppl before my two week trip   yay!
is in d c   laugh 
"after walking almost 2 mi  through a busy d c  suburb searching for kfc, my dad has definately lost his opinion priveleges for the rest of this trip  well, at least i can now say i've had authentic peruvian food  haha"
is missing her friends and the ability to do anything spontaneous  sigh   
"spent waaaaaaaaaay too much time watching true blood last night  this morning   and i think i had a dream about vampires  alas, <propmale> wasn't in it  sad  all i can say is   *sigh* <propmale>    ok, i better stop  haha"
"yeah, its friday, and i'm not excited  all my money just went to bills  boo!"
1 wk in miami = 40% increase in spanish fluency   lol jk   maybe?
oh my    i think i may be sick 
man these rice cakes are addicting    
so i like icarly   don't judge me  indecision 
"the food network is the devil, i have concluded  ace of cakes makes me wanna sin "
falling asleep to 'let the right one in' = a+
why am i always so hungry! *sigh* time for ramen  indecision 
boo hiss work!
yeah yeah yeah's yep  laugh 
ugh homestyle bakes     i ate too much and i think i'm going in a coma right about   
is attempting to narrow down  mt internships    this is gonna be hard!
"trying to decide whether she should get a new job   and when    while, simultaneously playing guitar and singing <propfemale> spektor "
meteor shower + bats + guitar + friends = awesome night driving back and seeing a troll-like figure walking @ 3 am in the middle of haskell     now that't just freaky!
"i'm so frustrated i can't even begin  not on here, anyways  i'll write a note about it, eh   "
"is thinking it's time for a new car  after i get the locksmith to fix my ignition, i may just drive my car right into <propmale> lake  laugh "
freedom!!!
now has a near irrational fear of basements when it rains  fml 
i feel pretty darn good now that i worked out  now my goal is to do this weekly!
is feeling dizzy today  uh   time to eat?
ah   what a beautiful night! i would do my homework outside but i don't think that's gonna work out 
needs sleep  but first! true blood!
seriously?! onto kid #19?! why?!!! i think i'm just gonna start calling her the child hoarder 
is woooo! bored 
just realized she forgot how to shop  thank you recession 
"time for <propmale>, my favorite serial killer  smile "
thinks its gonna be a hilarious weekend  smile 
enjoyed the weekend with <propfemale> famille  smile 
"downloaded a bunch of kids' songs to her media player    all i can think of now is, \ i can never have that thing on shuffle again \""  indecision """
is really really really angry and sad that she can't find her camera   basically i think someone stole in from my own house  ugh i am disgusted with humanity 
doesn't wanna go to work!
is at home   annoyed with a sore throat and achy body   sad 
just got done watching 6 episodes o f dead like me  do i feel like i wasted time? heck no! i just saved a bunch of energy and accumulated much needed laughter   laugh  i suppose i will clean now 
"ugh, the week goes by almost too fast!!!"
"just tore her computer apart, then put it back together! now it works! woohoo! take that geek squad!"
"is gonna watch more dead like me; then time for working on my treatment plan  wait, shouldn't the rewards be after the task? apparently not in my world hahahaha"
is watching the colony   interesting show   
fridays=$$
"is watching <propfirst> mayer on <propfirst> city limits    sorry <propfirst> lavin, but tonight, he belongs to me  surprise "
why am i watching football?
is studying for her vocal ped class  eh   
the goldfrapp station on pandora = a+
really just wants a full night's sleep 
is so ready for sleep!
can't decide what to eat!
is learning some spanish from handy manny 
wants to know   why can't i just lay in bed right now and watch pbs  sigh   
wants to know why no one can make a decent horror movie  she also wants to know why they keep trying 
mmmmmm    paul rudd 
finally found her keys @ <propfirst>'s deli  now its time for some apple cider!
leave it to <propfemale> to put things on the air that any tasteful show host would not   its so weird i can't even stop watching it   
would seriously consider buying a snuggie if it didn't make people look like jedis   
nap time
"needs to stop playing with the ball and instead, get back on it  wink "
meteor shower tonight! wooo!
wants to know what is it about coffee that makes my tummy hurt that tea or chocolate doesn't have   
is having a wonderful nighttime snack of tea and biscuits  smile 
is so ready for a beautiful beautiful thing called slumber 
woooo!
"is pretty excited that ifc will now be airing arrested development re-runs  i still have hope that some day, the show will come back, but for right now, i'll savor this moment "
who's up for a horrible movie halloween fest this saturday?!
i wish i could get into people's heads just so i can figure out why they do what they do and why they do it to me! :z
today sucked   fo shizzle   
"is gonna rock this voice ped class, then eat, then sleep  ah, sleep   "
wooooo!
time to straighten my hair    i'll be back in the real world in t-minus 3 hrs     wink 
"is going to take a nap before going to sleep  yep, thats right  surprise "
"i celebrate myself, and sing myself "
thursdays: babysitting <propfirst> lavin night! mwuahahahaha
"is awake, thanks to el mez and a wonderful violin concert last night  can't believe i went to sleep at 930ish    *shakes head*"
is watching legend of the seeker  do not disturb 
"doesn't particularly like sunday nights    in between laundry, practicing piano voice, homework, and in dire need of cleaning her room  that's what i get for being a bum today!"
is super stoked about having a night all to watch arrested development  wooo!
is so bored she is thinking of watching twilight  someone save her 
is bummed she couldn't go to the music therapy conference  everyone have fun!
1  pay bills 2  nap 3  eat sushi
drank way too much coffee for no reason  i think i'm having an adverse reaction  annoyed \
"wants to know   how is a second measured? really, how did that start? and why does it feel like it's gotten \faster?\"" cuz last week i could've sworn it was october and now its the middle of november  i can't believe school is going so fast!"""
"i just got my answer: the second has been defined to be the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium 133 atom   um english please?! lol   "
slept 12 hrs and is still extremely tired  i'm afraid i'm going to get sick!
has a headache  boo hiss!
is lazy    but not too lazy to get up and turn the channel from grays anatomy 
forgot how much she loved sparkling water   and how much it makes her burp  oh well  smile 
farmers ball tonight    anyone wanna go?
is enjoying the saturday morning off and getting some work done!
"is having an \eh\"" day  i hate those days    so boring and emotionless  annoyed \"""
is freezing her butt off!
is sick of apartment hunting  yup 
"let life pass through you, illuminating your ties, fascinating your mind  smile "
"thinks its high-time for a nap in my snuggie  yeah, that's right  my snuggie!"
's teeth hurt  sad 
why do i feel like someone sucked my life force outta me? can't wait to get this tuesday over with!
loves <propmale> in the middle    two brothers akwardly singing abba to each other    priceless!
is listening to autumn defense with <propfirst>  good times 
"is like, whoah   "
club anshutz anyone?
"is annoyed at the fact that i am working all day today  tonight & tomorrow 'til 230pm   yeah, thats helping my chances of getting things done  indecision  anyways, time for nap  then back to work  sad "
is in need of serious rest    i'm continuing to lose my voice  crying        think i'm gonna have to call into work tomorrow  annoyed \
"the next time i call into work with a legitimate excuse as to not come in, i might as well lie about other symptoms  because apparently, having symptoms of a viral respiratory illness just doesn't cut it  wtf!!!"
is in desperate need of sleep  i can't recover from this ailment if i can't sleep!!!!!
is tired of being sick and tired of being drugged up on dimetapp  ugh!
seriously  can i not be sick anymore? slept almost 12 hrs and felt worse when i woke up  ughhhhhh!
is ready to eat!
is comatose @ the library after the combination of chipotle and cough syrup    zzzzzzzzzz     
hates running out of ink in the middle of printing an assignment  makes me feel like i'm not totally done!
can't wait til tuesday & wednesday are over!
is nervous!!!
phew    so far so good    just need to work on my ramblin'    oooooh     boy i was born a ramblin' man   tryin' to make a livin' and doin it the best i can     allman brothers anyone?
uh oh haxx0rz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
needs to clean clean clean!!!!
"is working a double tomorrow, ugh  oh, and thursday   sad  time for sleep now; i'll need it later!!"
"is starting to think that the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe was a true story  i just started cleaning out my closet; it's a <propmale> in there!!!!  wink -"
srsly?! <propfirst> blizzard?! i'm afraid i won't be able to leave <propfirst> for christmas  sad 
happy birthday baby jesus!! <propfemale> christmas all!
is thinking of getting an suv due to the frustrating events today  sigh 
uuuugh   what is <propfemale> montana doing fake-dating her brother for? ewwwwww    
so tempted to walk to louises west with all the other stranded neighborhood lawrencians  sigh   
"is in the middle of a move  exciting, but annoying to be reminded of how much stuff you have!!!"
could write a 20 <propfemale> paper on how much she hates snow and the cold weather 
all this snow is making me think i have seasonal affective disorder  *sigh*
"what a wonderful monday! snow melting!!!! however, i guess i should beware of the \final destination-worthy\"" iceicles hanging above my apt door  eek!"""
hates allergies and half-sneezes!
didn't realize how much she relied on the internet  what have we become as humans!
"oh crazy charo, you make me think it were a <propfemale> summer evening at the beach  i love how music can do that to you  smile "
has nothing witty to say 
watching a show that's name fits it perfectly  can you guess what it is?
has a potential new favorite artist: <propfirst> fiasco     hmmmm    
would love some chai right now  uh huh 
really needs to watch <propmale>   i miss <propmale> 
bring me some tea  please? chai preferably   
its so hard to study for anatomy when it makes you sleepy    zzzz     
"sigh   a continuation of last night    only this time, its coming from above me and beside me! should i blast opera, kids songs, or instrumental music?"
shakes head at <propfemale> nguyen for going to see that movie <propfirst>'s day  ugh   girl   why?!
is fighting the urge to fall asleep   sad 
"wants to give up eating out for lent, but doesn't think it's gonna work out  maybe instead of giving something up, i should add working out to my schedule    hmmm   "
loves getting paid and hates paying bills   
is heading to chicago tomorrow for internship interviews!  laugh 
really? more snow?! fml   
trust your bladder  it knows the future 
is super excited for this week  its gonna get above 50 degrees!!!!!!!!!!
is hungry  feed me!
didn't think her taxes would take that long   but they did   at least i have that done though!!!
loves the sounds of birds outside her window  smile 
is feeling like writing some crazy poetry 
"tonight i'll characterize myself as walt whitman's niece, as i undergo a transformation: perplexed by words i read from others, from songs <propfirst> in several keys: i'll write my e playful erience on a thin slice of paper, lead friction occurring, as each letter, each word is formed by my rapid hands, my rapid brain, unable to remember, the words that keep me sane "
is kind of in love with <propfirst> gordon-levitt   ever since i saw 500 days of summer  sorry <propfirst>   confidential 
"what is this?! mustache madness?! no, sir, you may not have one, especially when i have to walk around beside you    "
"is super excited and relieved to have at least a three-day spring break   going to st  <propfirst> with <propfirst>, just got paid, just got my fed  refund   its a great day  smile  it just sucks that its going to be cold sat & sun  sad "
has nothing witty to say on here  eh 
is looking forward to tonight's modern family!
"awesome  my orff orchestration song is stuck in my head, lol   "
just paid  $700 worth in credit card bills   ugh i hate being independent  *tear*
has the suddent urge to watch the lion <propmale> 
enjoyed the sun today! now   off to work  sad 
even my day off isn't really a day off  sigh 
had an awesome time with her music therapy buddies!  smile 
is torn 
"totally in love with <propfemale> merchant's new album, leave your sleep  laugh "
 love  s donavon frankenreiter  you would to if you love <propfirst> <propmale>  wink 
"is conducting behavioral mgmt techniques on herself   \no malbec until homework is finished!\"""""
"just ate some beets  i know, i know "
is hardcore craving <propfemale> days pizza!
feels pretty cool riding her bike at night  probably because i'm one of few people who is actually smart enough to have lights on her bike so people don't hit me   
"it is high time for a hair cut, methinks  yup "
mmm corn dogs    i haven't had corn dogs in soooo long!
" love  s arizona trading co! cute skirts, cheap prices  wink "
 love  s so i married an axe murderer!
"is watching desperate housewives   odd, i know   "
"its pretty sad when i look forward to the week   guess i should stop working doubles on weekends   oh well, woohoo weekdays!"
has spent almost 7 hrs continuously changing the font and style of her business card   yeah   
is excited for her recital tonight! eek!
thanks to everyone who came to my recital today! hope you all enjoyed it!
is excited for local <propmale> shopping today and going to the humane society with her fam!
boo   work   
"beef stroganoff has a whole new meaning to me  i personally don't think i will be able to eat it again, considering what i was hearing today  thanks ben   lol   "
is graduating today! and   i'll be rockin a pink tassle too!
"why am i at work? really, why?"
is in wichita for <propfirst>'s graduation!
just got engaged!  love 
thanks to everyone for their congrats  smile  it means a lot!  love 
on my way to miami! too bad i'll be spending half of the day in airports   up in the air it is!
"needs to learn spanish   either that or become pale, dye my hair blonde, and get a nose job "
"i'm all for going green, but i sure wish hollywood would stop recycling t v  movie ideas   a-team, are you serious! you can't replace mr  t!!!"
is laying in bed watching true blood  yay for <propfirst> lavin for buying it for me! i  love  my fiance!
is going through a frustratingly painful illness   ugh    
is gonna spend the day recuperating and watching <propfemale> wars 
"is hardcore craving some pizza, and will get some, even though i feel like i have rocks wedged inside my espophagus  thank god for ibuprofen   "
needs to find a new temporary home job within the next two months  wichita or kc   that is the question   
just got done watching bringing up baby    good movie!
friday! off! wow!
at work   ugh   
is chillin before the 2nd shift  time for a power nap!
is downtown waiting for the outdoor movie to start  come out!
 love  s old movies!
is simultaneously freaking out and excited trying to find a place to have our ceremony reception   time to take a walk down mass   lol
it's high time for some rhym   in'
gettin' ready to watch the philadelphia story  i  love  summers in <propfirst>!
is headed home today for a few days   going to a friend's wedding and seeing the fam!
is excited to see the last airbender! too bad stupid twilight just now opened  crazy preteens screaming <propfirst>! <propmale>! <propfemale>! ugh   
"avatar fans: i'll let u know if the movie sucks   according to reviews, it does, big time  going to see a midnight showing now! i hope i like it  annoyed "
m  night is a egotistical sadist 
still trying to figure out a date for our wedding   i feel like i can't do anything else until we know the date! the limited budget ain't helping either!
got the internship in miami for january! yay!
getting ready for work  ugh   
trying to find an apartment in wichita   ugh i hate apartment hunting!
"loves days off   especially when they are spent doing nothing but watching old school smallville  gotta love the <propfemale> lavigne, coldplay, lifehouse etc  songs in the episodes too  ahh memories "
"so according to <propfirst>'s mom, there is a animal farm in goddard that does weddings, and a penguin is your ringbearer  but i'd rather have a lion "
is bored   
is headed to wichita tomorrow  woo!
<propfirst> bound tomorrow! tired of getting attacked by monster huge black mosquitoes in mt  hope  pretty sure i'm gonna come back west nile positive  annoyed 
hates moving! thank goodness we get to move in early next week   less stress    but more gas money  smile '
and tonights activities will be    1)packing 2)playing guitar 3)true blood!!!!
"u, me, & everyone we know  8 o clock "
jazzhaus!
thanks to everyone for having dinner and going out with me last night! and especially <propfemale> for arranging it  laugh 
"moving sucks, but at least i'm losing a lot of water weight?"
wow   my phone butt dialed 3 statuses   ignore those!!
"what a crazy day of moving! got some stuff unpacked, and now i'm ready for some zzz   i mean, a lot of zzz! thanks to all the lavins for helping us move and the bensons for feeding us! haha   "
goodbye <propfirst> (for now)!! i will miss you!! goodbye awesome lawrencian topekan kc friends! visit me in wichita!
is watching roswell  i obviously have way too much time on my hands   
is apparently not as interested in the evil dead as she used to be   sigh   still have love for <propmale> cambell though  ahoy!
@ the drive-in! how nostalgic   
"\he's a biracial angel!\"""""
what?! a musical episode of that 70s show?! thank god for syndication!
is going through pbs withdrawal!
just discovered <propmale> costello   
time for a swim!
"wish i could go outside, but i'm pretty sure i'd sizzle up like a sausage  staying indoors for now, sigh   "
hearts pushing daisies
is in coma mode after eating <propfemale> <propfemale>
just realized its friday the 13th  time for a horrible horror movie marathon  ooh   alliteration   
"really wants to smash her computer   if this computer's problems were equivalent to anything biological happening to a human being, i would say it probably has rabies "
true blood!
"just finished job orientation  then, working tomorrow @ 6 am  i've never been so glad to be up that early before!"
nap time 
"ah, what i wouldn't do for a bit of pbs right now   hardcore missing antiques roadshow, my bbc faves, red green, and, of course, <propfemale>   "
woo! off tomorrow! sleeping in! doing laundry! cleaning house! wait   is that really a day off?
nothin' to say   nothin' to do     love  mondays   indecision 
naptime
started playing sim city again    thanks a lot game - for showing me my irreparable inability of budget balancing!
a day off! woo!
football? whats that?
is excited  tomorrow  no work  rain  chili  possibly cinnamon rolls  friday  payday  fair  yay!
is finally making a complete wedding list   phew!
"is a little restless, so i'm gonna read some franz kafka to put me to sleep *pushes back up glasses*"
"halellujah! i finally have enough money to buy a quality keyboard! and its gonna be white! also, fair today! hopefully it will be fun  smile "
just saw a funeral casket shop in towne west wow   
it is so naptime
"i don't really like weeds, but for some reason i can't stop watching it  i'll attribute that to the \there's never anything to do in wichita\"" phenomenon i've been e playful eriencing lately """
"ah, hail!"
finally got my keyboard! yay!
is leaving for <propfirst> today! woo!
excited to be in <propfirst> & too see good friends! good morning everyone!
"really doesn't want to go back to work   or wichita, for that matter  *sigh*"
i think its time to try google chrome    tired of firefox crashing on me!
"ugh, tired of my nappy hair   time to break out the straightener   "
"now that i'm actually playing games on 360, <propfirst> is whining that i'm not paying attention to him   oh how the worm has turned   "
"5 years together with a tea addict, and <propfirst> lavin doesn;t know how to make it still!"
modern family time!
has today and tomorrow off! hallelujah for sleeping in   
"now that it is officially fall, i am breaking out the chai tea!"
it is such a beautiful fall day! yay fall! i feel like writing a song about it now  wink 
hello fall  hello jacket weather  hello hot cocoa 
is hungry for je ne sais quoi   
is bored at home  time to work on wedding plans methinks   
has rediscovered the police   lovin' it  laugh 
"it really drives me crazy when people bring their personal drama to work; they end up taking  it out on others in the process  i know it might not be easy, but could you grow up? just a little?"
's night just got better  modern family time!
"just got done battling an irritating computer virus  alas, i triumph  suck it, hackers!"
"is in the mood to go to a corn maze, do a hay bale ride, and drink some hot cider "
"just got done trying on some wedding dresses   fun, but i didn't realize how heavy they are!"
thinks i'm gonna lay off food for the next few days   ate too much this weekend!
picked our her wedding dress today  woo!
is listening to <propfirst> listening to some bizarre music   time to intervene lol!
in a sugar coma   ugh    
"finally set a wedding date, after much deliberation! time to edit the save the dates, haha   "
loves that the office did sweeney <propmale> tonight!
is excited for <propfemale> howell & keaton krell's wedding today!! congrats you two!
is on her way to <propfirst>  yay!!
is full from food and cake  time to dance it off!
enjoying her last day off for a while with <propfirst> lavin; movie time!
"it is definitely a monday  its ok, though  4 more hrs and i'm outta  here!!!"
"k peeps, the pics are up   of course, fb probably already told you that  wink "
"so apparently, chicken piccatta isn't quite as good unless you have capers in them  it was still good, but dang, i missed those capers "
hardcore craving sushi! stomach growling too   too bad i'm waiting on <propfirst> lavin to stop playing football on his xbox  grr   
@ bionic burger  jealous?
<propfirst> was so right; my life is being sucked away by oblivion 
lazing on a sunday afternoon
never thought she'd be obsessing over flowers so much! blame it on wedding-planning!
"off to bed, hoping to dream that i slept a full nights sleep, when in actuality, it will only be half of that  sigh   "
night watching modern fam and eating pizza = an awesome wednesday!
got off work early  hallelujah!
"is enjoying her rainy friday; chili and cinnamon rolls for lunch, grindhouse horror movie later, and now chillin @ the vagabond - the closest thing to a <propfirst> bar i will ever see in wichita!"
listening to the black keys @ work almost lets me forget i'm working at all   almost   
"sleepy time! gotta work in the am, booooooo!"
"the best thing about sundays? <propmale>! can't wait 'til tonight, but i guess i'll have to   until then, i'll watch weeds on netflix  smile "
monday is tapping on my shoulder  please go away  you are not wanted  ever 
"needs a day off! until then, i'll be praying for thursday to come fast!"
i really wish modern family were an hour long   or two   love that show!
my day off and i still have to come to work for a mandatory 2 hour long meeting    fml   
is so not looking forward to straightening her hair  tired of the nappy hair though
so    apparently i may be having signs of appendicitis   yikes! all before my insurance kicks in on nov  1st  nice    
quality time with the folks 
went to thai binh today; first time i've been there in a long time  i hope i still like the cuttlefish i bought haha   
loved coming home to a gorilla tonight   most laughs i've had in a while!
"doesn't have to get up @ 530 tomorrow morning, but that doesn't make up for the  hours of daylight i will be missing with these new work hours  sheesh   11-730? i'll take back 6-230 any day!"
hmm    what to eat   what to eat   
"you know you have a problem when you start to google for \the best chai tea \"" addiction at its finest   """
yuck  work 
"\why ya gotta be so mean to me?\"" hahaha gotta love <propfirst> from the office """
can't seem to get out of a bad mood 
off to work *sigh*
thank god for <propfirst>!
really wants a pet  big dog or kitty   or both   
desperately misses her <propfirst> folk 
is cleaning the apt on her day off  wait   something seems wrong with this picture 
is cooking jambalaya tonight! yum   
is getting ready for work  sigh   
could 7 smile 0 please come sooner?
on the menu for tonight: cheese ravioli & asparagus  mmm mmm mmm good!
happy veterans day to all vets i've known & love!
"\i wanted to eat pigs in a blanket   in a blanket \"" lol gotta love the office!"""
can't wait until the weekend!
i guess its time to stop putting off getting my car heater fixed   
is watching <propfirst> play halo  wow   whatta night   
is enjoying her day off!
it was so nice to be able to finally find a church with similar values of mine! yay church!
"best thing about monday nights? coming home to watch sunday's <propmale>, catchin up on smallville   and perhaps the walking dead?"
car batter fail   sigh   
gotta love the autumnal loveliness of wilco   listen  get some tea  watch the world outside  see what happens  smile 
its a chili & cinnamon roll kinda day  yes it is!
i was trying to stay up late to extend my day off   but i can't hold out any longer  helloooo sleep!
is @ work playing with my new phone 
"for some time now, i've felt like something had been missing from my life; tonight, when i bought season 3 of the boondocks, that feeling left me   laugh "
out on the town with mom & grandma
has contacts!
is knitting while watching <propfirst> play call of duty  paradox?
"had an irritatingly hilarious morning  i know that sounds weird, but believe me, if i told you, you would understand  lol   "
"hopes everyone has a great thanksgiving break! alas, i won't have one, but that's ok, i have the weekend to share with the fam!"
"can't wait til the weekend! xmas tree shopping, decorating, friends, family, and fun!"
relaxing to <propfirst> lang   looove this music  makes me feel like i'm in the 20s   ah   
just played her first game of halo reach  lol   
"after many half-failed attempts, i have finally learned to knit! time to make some scarves!"
is it sad i'm ready to go home just so i can knit?
"ready to go home so i can knit, play oblivion, and hone my halo skillzzz   lol   "
is excited for <propfirst> lavin! i hope he gets this meteorology job!
"it was nice to hear a little bit of <propfirst> tonight @ the orpheum in wichita, even though i was still being a bit of a critic, haha   anyways, hope there is more where that came from  smile "
sunday: <propmale>!
let's see   i'm leaving for miami the 21st of dec ; should i come up to <propfirst> this weekend or just have a get-together at our apartment in wichita? hmmm   
this month is going by too fast!
<propmale> is on the view right now! i think my day has just been made  smile 
is relaxing to <propfirst> <propfemale> radio on her pandora station  love 
"loves pizza, but it does not love me! oi, the heartburn!"
seriously phone? stop butt-dialing people! ugh   
fell asleep watching inception  true story   
"isn't too fond of \straightening my hair\"" day - the once a week battle that lasts 2-3 hours  oh well   here i go! lol   """
"is busy, busy, busy!"
"off to go kick some butt @ the bowling alley w  coworkers  yet, holiday work parties have always scared me a little   "
"for once, very glad not to be in <propfirst> today! be safe everyone!"
last day @ kmh   last weekend in wichita   come see me!
"has been having a pretty good birthday weekend! made cookies, played apples to apples, ate brunch (during which a very cute old man began to sing feliz navidad to the whole restaurant - he was good too!), and got some great gifts from people! i even got a ukulele from <propfirst> lavin! anyways, thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  love "
"on both our bdays(err   for the most part), we both had lunar eclipses! coincidence? i think not  lol   "
"is in miami, missing <propfirst>, but learning spanish very very quickly   lol   "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
is worn out from wii and the family! especially my nephew    gotta love em though!
"if i hear that g6 song one more time, i   well   i don't know what i'll do, but i'm tired of hearing it!"
is having a cabin fever panic attack  wish <propfirst> lavin were here to whisk me away! lol   
3 bensons in 1 house in miami  sounds like a middle class version of the kardashians  lol   
starts her internship on tuesday! can't wait!!!
"first day @ ucp! on an extra note, beat the ugly miami traffic!"
is about to watch the new season of jersey shore  don't judge me!
finished her first wonderful week @ ucp!
just woke up from an awkward q & a dream involving the creator of facebook  yeah   i'm gonna blame this one on a combo of watching the news and black swan last night  lol   
"welcome to the working week! thank you, mr  costello, for giving me a better song to think of besides manic monday  lol   "
"is getting wedding lazy   we gotta jump back on it, <propfirst>! in the meantime   time to write some songs  smile "
"miami traffic is the most random thing   one day it takes me 40 <propfemale> to get to work, another day it takes 10, lol  the sad thing is, if i waited 10 more <propfemale>utes just to leave for work, i would be late! *sigh*  haha"
 love  s ace of cakes!
the life & times of mahleah benson  yup
"just caught on to this whole \astrology change\"" thing; and the point is   ?"""
"i know i shouldn't like <propfirst> frampton, but i just can't help trying to make my own rendition of baby i love your way"
is thankful that mlk is remembered every year for his peaceful and loving involvement in the civil rights movement  smile 
"i figure not many people from our generation even know this movie, but its pretty obvious the roommate is a college-themed remake of single white female   un-original hollywood  typical, lol   "
there is no way i'm missing modern family tonight! can't wait for the awkwardness!!
be careful in ks everyone!
watching my sad obsession - jersey shore 
"hopes the sun will come out today   until then, its time to clean!"
"sometimes i forget how much i love wilco, but then i happen upon a song while on random shuffle, and their music makes me feel so content, contemplative, longing, and somber all at once  ok, thats my emotional post for the day, haha   "
why is there a show about hauntings on animal planet? c'mon!
"is feeding her inner pre-teen by watching mean girls 2  up next, icarly!"
thin mints are the devil  yep   lol
<propmale> <propfirst> + film noir = awesome 
the best hugs are kid hugs  truely!
it's days like this that make me wish i weren't an adult  *sigh*
wishes she could eat at waffle house with <propfirst> right now!
hellloooo friday!
"breaking a rule: watching twilight   again   lord, forgive me for i have sinned   "
needs some new music to listen to   any suggestions?
isn't particularly fond of barre chords  especially bm - *shakes fist at guitar*
"is glad that she doesn't have to deal with snow   yet oddly misses it because that would mean staying indoors with a huge cup of cocoa & cuddling with <propfirst>  ok   mushy   i know, but i don't care, lol   "
wooo! friday!
enjoyed listening to music tonight @ <propmale> in the park in <propfemale> gables   gotta love the local music here!
is enjoying her weekend via dollar tree raiding and being outside in the sun  smile 
i find it interesting how some people shop how they drive  imagine how it was for me tonight when i (stupidly) went to target  worst  idea  ever 
"is watching a very interesting movie called the infidel  pretty good, methinks!"
"yes, <propfemale>  you were trying to hard   "
"why hello glee! so i knew you were gonna do thriller   but when you said mash up with the yeah yeah yeahs - heads will roll  you finally got my attention  kudos, kudos   "
forgot her phone @ work   hopefully not in a classroom! who knows what those kids would do with a blackberry!
yay for modern family!
doesn't know if she should take my strange addiction seriously   eating glass? bleaching skin? too much makeup? get outta here!
<propfirst> got me my favorite older movie - bringing up baby - for valentines day  yay <propfirst>!
"almost missed jersey shore tonight   good thing mtv has nothing better to do than play re-runs - i mean, really, who cares about music videos anymore! lol   "
hello friday! my reward for making it through this week? key lime pie! mmmm can't wait!
will be spending her weekend notating music thats been in her head for weeks - i think i should stop making random songs so the left side of my brain can catch up to the right side   lol   
anyone have any good book suggestions? i think its about time i get back on the literacy train   
"had a pretty fantabulous weekend: i was very productive, finally got <propfirst>'s long awaited package (yes! i can knit again!), and went to a new church which i think i'm really gonna love, and met some friendly people! yay extroversion!"
happy valentines day everyone! it was nice to come home to a package of truffles sent from <propfirst> lavin!!!! yay love! yay chocolate!!!! ok   now its time for me to pass out from my sugar coma   
and there goes truffle #4    down the hatch   
"feels somewhat odd knitting in warm weather, so i keep trying to tell myself its snowing outside, even when its   obviously not   haha"
"\do you still like rollercoasters?\""\",4f20e60bda26a3f7c42712b6552c29f8,teacher planning day tomorrow & off monday   yay! i get to give my voice a rest!
loves saturday mornings and pancakes
was being productive today until she started chomping on chocolate and watching americas top model reruns  fml
"watching <propfemale> & the frog  a great movie, but it makes me wanna watch the lion <propmale> even more!"
assessment: done treatment plan: done    the day: just starting  smile 
"wished creepers would stop honking their horns while she is out walking (in a residential area, mind you) \ the point of you (total stranger) honking your horn @ me (pedestrian walking) is    ?"
"do you wanna hear the guest list for tonight?! anger, sadness, bitterness, and betrayal! lol modern family   lol   "
"is glad she went to get gas today before the prices skyrocket everywhere  most places have already raised it to 3 39 or higher, but i somehow found one that was 3 20 near my house   phew! something tells me, though, that i will be soon be using the metro   "
yes! that thing you do is on! woo!
friday!
its naptime  laugh 
"watching the food network, especially when its a show all about sweets, is no bueno  now all i want is carrot cake with cream cheese filling and creme brulee doughnuts   ugh hate the end beginning transition of months!"
"now this is what i've been waiting for! the <propfirst> sheen interview  indecision \ok, but seriously, this does seem a little interesting   "
"a great ending to a great week! listened to <propfirst> levitin, the author of this is your brain on music lecture @ um, ate sushi & thai iced tea w  a bunch of music therapists, now, i'm going to nap, then go to a game night! woo friday!"
yay saturday!
"had a fun time last night! went to a festival, then salsa dancing (aka workout)  love it!"
"is in the mood to play chess, but has no one to play chess with  sadness   "
"just realized tonight was mardi gras! what i would do for some jambalaya, corn fritters, and sweet tea right now!!!!"
"one more day 'til kansas! i can't believe i'm excited for that, haha "
i hate you pollen  i really do   
"being @ the laundry mat makes me so sleepy! ugh nodding off to sleep, so embarrassing lol"
kansas bound!
is suddenly in the mood for some ham & beans and jalapeno corn bread  mmmmm    
530 am flight and i'm still up   why?!
goodbye kansas!
"best thing about st  <propfemale>'s day? watching a so-horrible-its-good leprechaun movie  i wish i could so lucky as to see leprechaun in the hood too, hahahaha"
yes! clueless is on!
why am i watching miami animal police?! this is worse than the <propfemale> mclachlan commercials!
"i think my social isolation is turning me into a basketball fan  its the only way i can connect with my peeps!  (yes i just said peeps) anyways, here it goes   \beak 'em hawks!"
thinks its high time to go searching for some more good music!
"yowza! its been 6 years already?! kudos to <propfirst> lavin, for putting up with my random thoughts and ideas, for supporting my dreams, and for loving me with a pure  love "
big love series finale  sad 
"spring break is officially over  sad  oh sleep, how i will miss thee!"
"thinks its a wee bit ironic that <propfirst> is jumping on my butt for wedding planning  he's right, though  i've been bumming it big time, haha "
"one of these days, my dream of living in close vacinity of an ikea will come true  some day   lol"
there is no way i could ever get tired of chai tea  best  thing  ever 
to nap or not to nap?
"$40, 000 for a lock of <propfirst> bieber's hair? seriously?! i would love to know the rationality of spending that much money on something like that  there are so much more well-deserving people in the world that could use that money for food, shelter, & healthcare  good thing he is doing this to raise money for japan  perhaps that person knew that? i sincerely hope so!"
had an awesome friday w  the kids! yay for music therapy & yay for the weekend!
editing wedding music + watching smallville episode about marriage = temporary emotional meltdown! lol
"phew! i feel exhausted after listening to some really good latin jazz, lol   but seriously  phenomenal music!\www sammyfigueroa com"
listening to django reinhardt makes me want to break out some homemade ice tea and sit on a porch with a rocking chair 
"today i told one of my mt classes i forgot the parachute at the end of the session   they all got so sad! then i whipped it out and said, april fools! i've never heard kids scream so much  i think i lost hearing in one of my ears "
an idiot abroad = a whole night of laughter  poor <propfirst>   
wedding registries = ugh
"what to eat   what to eat    my body needs food but i'm tired of everything, lol  maybe i should get an iv? or just drink v8 & slim-fast? sigh   "
true blood s3 reruns! w0000t!
what's on *your* mind?
are you kidding me? it barely rains here and now the power is out  uggghhhh
"loves it when songs she loves to sing are first position on guitar  i know i need to play barre chords more, but ugh   why? jkjk   kinda"
"loves jeopardy   even if it makes me feel like i know nothing  oh well, learning as i go, learning as i go   "
tcm = lovely!
i feel like a zombie! worn out from the kids today  i don't know how the teachers do it all day  i was in a class for 2 hours and am drained lol  nap time!
bored 
"the car gods hate me  they really do  i am stunned right now  i must have the record for having the most car trouble in history  i can't even imagine what i could have done in this life, let alone a former life, that earned me such bad <propfemale>! argh!"
"a nice, ice-cold pint of 90 shilling sounds so good right now    "
"miami gas is nearly $4 00 dollars a gallon now   i guess my car decided to boycott before i could? oh well   the metro might take a little longer, but at least i don't have to worry about driving for a while   smile "
just realized its almost the middle of april! its so crazy how fast this internship is going! 3 and 1 2 more months of wonderful kids  smile 
sleep
is really loving aaa right now
modern family ftw
"it is so not normal that i am this tired at 11:40 p m  usually i can stay up til at least 1 or 2 a m  i would say its my age, but thats a lie  i'm gonna blame this one on \public transportation \"""""
its days like this i wish <propfirst> was a mechanic  i could be getting my car fixed for free! oh well   at least i have it back  for now   
my plan for today? to be as freakishly lazy as i can be  i'm staying in bed until 2 p m  to watch t v  why? because i can 
is thinking its a <propmale> <propmale> movie kinda night 
nap + rain = awesome
had a dream about birthday cake  now that's freakin' cruel! lol   
dr  who : yet another show i've become addicted to   sigh
wedding flower shopping = exhausting!
"today's message was so good  jesus went through a phenomenal transformation, and so too can we through changing how we view the world and each other  happy easter everyone!"
"usually i'm not excited by mondays, but since all the easter <propfemale> will be on clearance, i am super stoked! after work, i'm hitting up walgreens fo' sho!"
"is thanking (note the sarcasm) <propfirst> lavin for getting piggies stuck in my head, yet again  love the song, but seriously, its now on loop, lol"
loves ifc right now for showing arrested development reruns!
hmmm   not digging the keane cover by glee  maybe if <propmale> had sang it   
naptime!
watching river monsters  fish on!
"is thinking   \i probably shouldn't be watching monsters inside me\"" while eating  yeah   """
"wedding cake cupcakes: officially planned  xxoo <propfirst> lavin for being my groomzilla, lol   "
"best things about sundays? sleeping in, hbo & showtime @ night  don't ask me what i did am doing in between these times  cuz i really don't have an answer, lol"
bleh   tuesday
"that stupid cee-lo song has been stuck in my head all day, non-stop  ugh, time to start listening to my indie pandora stations again!"
thinks a nap is in order 
friday!
siesta!
"its friday the 13th: i'm pretty excited to see what \horrific\""-ly made horror movies will be shown on t v  tonight """
"so   i stopped on the id channel for some \american occult \"" keep in mind these are real stories  i can't even discuss them    ehgk    """
"congrats to my sister, alvolita benson, on her graduation day!"
"is loving and appreciating the cool, rainy day here in mia!"
"loves hbo on sunday nights, even if it does interrupt my need for sleep  smile "
"i decided to eat chicken with louisiana hot sauce tonight  i haven't had spicy food in 5 months, so this was an epic fail for my tastebuds  i'm still hungry, too!"
hallelujah - it's friday!
just got done watching wuthering heights  pbs masterpiece theatre ftw!
"watching heaven can wait   although the storyline isn't exactly the point of the day, the title is, lol   "
"a bit frustrated today  perhaps if i take a nap, it'll wear off?"
ugh   not feeling very good! i really hope i didn't catch what the kids had this week!
"a year ago, i spent a fantastic day with my most-favorite person, my best friend, the person i love and admire @ <propfirst> lavin  this was the day he proposed, and i will always remember it   love "
"ugh   the bug finally got me, or should i say i got the bug? either way i can tell this is not going to be a fun day "
"watching the bachelorette   don't ask why, just shake your head and pity me "
"looking forward to be really lazy this weekend - not gonna lie, lol"
"seriously needs to get these goals & objectives finished asap, so she can enjoy the weekend!"
is making meatloaf   and salivating at the same time  i feel like i haven't had red meat in forever!
is an aunt again! welcome to the world <propfemale>!
was so bummed her weekend was over   until she realized tomorrow is memorial day! yay!
there is an arrested development marathon on right now  i may just stay in bed all day  confidential 
today i realized my neighbors have a mango tree   i was so tempted to reach over the fence and pick one  i guess i'll just have to wait for <propfirst> lavin to get here so he can reach 'em and get them for me!
"just realized why the girl who plays <propfemale> <propfirst> on glee annoys me so much - she's like half streisand, half alanis morrisette  yuck "
"today the kids were so great at the talent show!!! i know i'm not supposed to be biased, but my personal favorite? one of the kid's impersonation of a t-rex, haha!"
one more week until <propfirst> lavin is here in mia with me! then vacation for a week! can't wait!
today i bought 3 bags of <propmale> wonka chocolate  its official: i have an addiction 
trying to figure out wedding day hairstyles - up?down?half half?   any suggestions from past brides?
lazing on a sunday afternoon   
"can't take politicians seriously, especially when one has a last name like weiner; and especially when said politician waves his 'last name' all over the internet  maybe i have too high of e playful ectations, but perhaps we should raise the standards a bit "
wedding headache   blah   
its pretty sad that i don't want to try out any miami mom & pop restaurants because my spanish is     no bueno  but perhaps i'll get less confusing looks with whitey <propfirst> lavin  mwuahahahaha
"eba graduation today! the kids were absolutely adorable, and sang their hearts out! and    i get to see my better half tonight! yup, pretty much an awesome day, lol   "
"took <propfirst> to the fruit & spice park  must be the kansan in me, but it was so nice to see farms, instead of the concrete jungle, lol "
"had a pretty productive day! went to the mia science museum, <propfirst> brickell village, and rode all around the metro with <propfirst> lavin  now we're planning for the beach tomorrow  woo!"
"while you guys were watching basketball, i was playing the uke    so leave the miami hater comments to a minimum  especially you, <propfirst> nguyen!"
had a lovely time @ the beach with <propfirst>  now i'm enjoying some well needed rain while watching the movie about <propfemale> grandin  pretty good so far!
"menu for tonight: chicken piccata, linguine, breadsticks, & key lime pie  yummmmmm!"
thinks its pretty freakin' annoying that my landlord sent someone over to work on the house while <propfirst> and i were about to leave to go to an alligator farm  thanks for the memo   
is not looking forward to two things: <propfirst> leaving tomorrow + having to take <propfirst> to that horrific airport known as mia  blahhhh
"writers block or just plain laziness? i'm not sure, but its the same outcome, lol "
"is going to attempt to make a fascinator today! that's right, millinery is my new obsession, though i doubt it will last long, lol "
"midnight is such an inconvenient time to be inspired  not for me, really, but i doubt my neighbors appreciate hearing <propfemale> joneish sarah bareilleish type music this late at night  wink "
summer school for kids begins tomorrow! can't wait to see them!
wow   big c had me crying big time! i guess i needed to let that out  phew   
is past-due for a sushi eating pig-out fest 
playing a little uke before bedtime  love 
there is nothing more tedious and mundane as defrosting your fridge 
nap + rainstorm = heaven
finally ate some sushi  i feel as if a hole has been filled in my heart  laugh 
menu for tonight: general tso's chicken with rice & brocolli  yummmm!
weeds! big c! monday funday! err   night!
attempting to do a budget sheet for wedding decorations  yuck!
i can't believe i only have 1 more month until my internship is over! it has all gone by sooo fast!
hello 3-day weekend! nice to see you!
"hmmmm what to do for tomorrow   i have no idea, lol "
why am i watching cocktail? oh the 80s   
"yesterday may have been  national fried chicken day for <propfirst> nguyen, but every other day is a chicken day to me   so ha!"
"wow! after spending half a day with some of the kids on a fieldtrip, i now know why parents go to sleep so early  a lot of fun, but also a lot of work!"
why do curls have to be so high maintenance?! i can't nap like this!
listening to shostakovich - because i'm cool like that 
"stupid ants have me freaking out, staying up late, and sprinkling cinnamon all around the house  the real culprit is the weather, though, for driving them inside!"
"had an awesome chat with a music therapist that used to practice in the wichita, ks area  she gave me tons of advice for when i get back! yay mts!"
"sleeping in, the <propfemale> bride, churrasco, bsg - its been a pretty good saturday! about to get better, too! singin' with some lovely ladies tonight  smile "
"yes, i'm the critic in the corner today   but    tired of seeing bandwagon soccer statuses  considering how much i hear people joking about women's sports in general, it amazes me how when they start winning, all of a sudden people start caring  i guess that's how it is in all sports, but its still annoying to me - hence i do not watch sports anymore  ok, off my soapbox now  laugh "
true blood!
"last week @ ucp  sad   i'm looking forward to starting my professional career, but am so not ready to say goodbye to everyone i've met since i started, especially the kids, and especially especially my individual students!!! *breathe in   breathe out   *"
*sigh* email hacked  epic fail 
"nothing can make my day better than hearing a new wilco song  well, except maybe chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream   "
best thing about music therapy? being able to belt out don't stop believin' with the adults  laugh 
one more day!!!
"finally done with my internship!! i (almost) made it the whole day without crying, lol  i'm gonna miss everyone!"
"there's nothing like listening to some soothing <propfemale> jones   and soon after, your neighbors decide to light some very loud firecrackers  w t f "
out of all the wedding shows i could or should be watching   i'm watching my big fat gypsy wedding  a bit fascinatin'    if i say so myself!
"i hate the week before moving   luckily i don't have much to pack or clean, but i still have the dilemma of trying to balance getting rid of food and not having to go out to get fast food before this coming saturday  blah!"
cheddar ale soup from free state sounds so good right now  just sayin   
is seriously tempted to watch power rangers on netflix   
"just got done watching gone with the wind for the first time  my thoughts? favorite character: mammy, least favorite (of course): <propfemale>, overall opinion: i can't believe i spent 4 hrs getting repeatedly annoyed by the same character  an interesting movie, though "
gettin' my car prepared for the long drive home - better now than on some random highway or skanky auto repair shop in <propfemale> 
"just saw an ad on the side of my <propfemale> advertising a gypsy guitar for sale  what are you trying to say, fb?!"
"finally has ac in my car! so this is what luxury feels like, haha   "
 love  s thunderstorms   makes me wanna cuddle up with a nice hot cup of tea while watching tcm  smile 
siesta
it's amazing what one can come up with when there is a lack of cooking ingredients    i just made sangria chicken with green beans haha  sadly looking forward to eating out   fast food the next three days so i can throw out the leftover junk in my fridge  annoyed 
beach  food  sleep 
i was so excited that i was able to fill my whole trunk with my junk without having to put stuff in the backseat   and then i realized i still have a huge guitar w  a case  confidential  see everyone? this is why tetris is applicable to real life situations 
"finally out of my place   now chilling at a hotel waiting for my parents  i know it sounds kind of mean that i asked them to take the shuttle to the hotel, but if you've ever been to mia airport, you would totally understand! i still have a feeling i'm going to have to get them anyways, *sigh*    "
"despite a little bump in the road (and i mean that almost literally), we had a successful first day on the road  now time to relax   "
bye bye florida!!
kansas!
yesssss   rain!
"what a crazy week! sadly, i have a feeling it will get crazier    if you've been trying to reach me, sorry i've been mia! i will try to get back to you asap  smile "
"is already ready for sleep   so this is what 25 feels like, haha "
i freakin' love archer!
its gonna be such a nice morning! i hope this is the beginning of fall!!! *keeps fingers crossed*
bleh   
"lawdy, i'm bored  luckily, i have plenty of things to do to occupy my time  i just need to get   up   and   do   them "
home on the range
how does one wake a sleepy gator?
"you know you're really bored when   you (meaning, yours truly) are playing harmonic minor scales on the keyboard for the fun of it  confidential "
"the best thing about hearing horrible music on the radio is that it motivates me to sing new material in the car   if only i could remember what i'm even singing, lol "
"yikes! i had a beyond-bizarre wedding dream  among the things i can remember - chanting over and over \ i can't believe i married a blonde guy \"" smh"""
"<propfirst> is totally screwing up my biological clock, lol  breakfast @ 10 am? lunch @ 3? dinner at 10? oh my   "
52 days til the wedding  freaking out 
j'ai mal a la tete  mon dieu   
did a ton of housework today while watching mad men 
had a wonderful day at the pool today  now time to get ready for the night out on the town (possibly) with <propfirst> lavin  smile 
it is soooo time for some chai tea  love 
"had an extremely busy, yet fun weekend  <propmale> out with some pretty cool people    the best person, of course, being my nephew  love "
"somehow, in between my preteen years and today (not counting my hours in murphy), i forgot how awesome libraries are - you get something, read it, and return it, for free! what a concept, hahaha "
"tried on her wedding dress with the veil   i can't wait to wear it again, but next time, i think i need to recruit about 4-5 people to help me put it on! sheesh!"
"why do i keep watching the id channel? i guess i'd be (somewhat) prepared if something bad were to happen, but really, it just makes me wonder what double life <propfirst> lavin is hiding from me  lol!"
is thinking its a good day to go to the pool   swim my worries away   
does anyone else think that vinny & pauly have a thing for each other? or is that just me?
in the mood to play some serious pool! who's game? <--pun totally intended
sushi coma
had a pretty fun afternoon w  fun people  smile  nap time now yessss
"practicing wedding day hairstyles  realizing i'm probably gonna have to straighten my hair first, and then use a curling iron to curl it, if i want a curly-ish hairstyle  ridiculous? yes  welcome to my life, haha "
sigh   target changed their site to where i couldn't log into the registry from my amazon acct  i had to create a whole new one  the old one is still up though  does anyone know how to change this? grrr   
"<propfemale> ale sounds so good right now  partly because i don't feel well, but also, i just love it in general  smile "
"was a little apprehensive about getting my dress fitted today  thankfully, it was a     fast & great e playful erience  smile "
"i freakin' love corn pops  when i'm 90, i'll still be eating them "
this is a horrible time to want flamin' hot cheetos  i think i'll pass   eat some in the morning   wink 
<propfirst> is great   gives me chocolate cake   
"am i the only one who is indifferent to labor day? in fact, after reading about how labor day became a federal holiday, i feel even less inclined to celebrate "
football? what's football?
spent a wonderful day with two great kids - also interesting how kids can teach you so much!
someone is a grumpy gator this afternoon   
just scheduled her cbmt exam for the end of the month! yay! time to study!
this is quite a fine day  fine indeed   
finally ordered decorations for next month   hallelujah!
thank god for netflix during football season 
goin to the fair w  <propfirst>!
i didn't need to go to school to gain a master of arts in losing things - it comes naturally  tonight i graduated to doctorate when i lost my id at the state fair  that's what i get for sticking my id & phone in the same back pocket  sigh   
"every time i get a new job and go in for hr orientation, i feel like part of my soul is being taken away  or   maybe i'm just tired, haha "
apple crisp  yummmm!
"is it just me, or does it seem like there is a huge age-appropriateness gap in most women's clothing? it's like it goes from 17-50 when i'm searching for clothes in department stores  where are the 20-something clothes?!"
excited for the next few days!
chili & cinnamon rolls   yeah boi!
hello <propfirst> - i've missed you 
*sigh* car problems   
"quote of the day: \is your hair nappy today?\"""""
this new fb layout just gave me a headache  ugh 
modern family!
"i know i should be getting over it by now     but    \that >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>\is driving me crazy!"
wilco in december! yeah boi!
why do i feel guilty that i don't know more spanish? *smh*
congrats to <propfirst> hoffman & <propfemale> <propfirst> hoffman on their wedding yesterday!  love 
"wedding slideshow of <propfirst> & myself when i was younger - i have a feeling i'm going to regret this, lol   "
head - meet wall 
"proudly drank a chai tea latte on national coffee day  perhaps if i could get my hands on some chocolate covered coffee beans, it would be a day worth celebrating  wink "
had a wonderful time in winfield with <propfirst> last night  let the de-stressing continue with laundry cleaning day!
ok - time to tackle this nest of a thing i call my hair 
"after watching extreme couponing, i think i know exactly what to do when the zombie apocalypse happens - i'm hittin' up one of those houses!"
peace + love + happiness = <propfirst>
"had a lovely and fantastic time last night with family and friends - most importantly, my husband <propfirst> lavin  love !"
time to start studying for the cbmt exam this weekend!
time to watch weird science - yeah boi!
"frozen <propfemale> is the best <propfemale>   mmm, ice cold <propfemale> kat   "
",mt-bc"
note to self: don't eat food while watching the walking dead 
<propmale> keaton ftw!
hmmm   nothing to do   seems like a good opportunity to go on petfinder and pine over a precious animal 
"an unintentional 2 hour nap + bustelo @ 10 pm = a severe case of not being able to go to sleep, kept waking up every 1-2 hrs, as well as some crazy dreams about the kids @ school  it's gonna be an \interesting\"" day """
"wow, what an odd day  i think i may just need to play oblivion to get over this thursday!"
goin' to kc for the weekend!
waffle house  love 
enjoying the ne kansas countryside drive  smile 
is thinking its time to sell my mazda 
i love how cheap and filling spaghetti is! <propfemale> la pasta puttanesca!
