5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7
is enjoying life
is house sitting 
is going to the beach   smile 
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don’t speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want, either good or bad  when you’re finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with"
is doing good
is confused  today is a bad day 
is excited about tonight!!
is tired
is excited about tomarrow
is glad he is out of high school and doesn't have too wake up early
excited about college
is home sick
doing good at the college thing   surprising right?
finally got a new phone  (my old one stopped working a month ago)
"yo, i was in a car acciedent on wednesday, but i'm fine (so far) now worries yall"
thanks <propmale>!
i don't think i've ever been more ready for a new year in all my life
working on sunday again  annoyed  i'm getting sick of this    
hhmmmm  annoyed 
"couldn't we use, say, the decimal number system, with which we are already more familiar?"
i got into chem 1a!!!
uhhh     i'm sick  the flue sucks!
i'm no longer sick!!!
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they have been eaten by dragons "
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ  and the <propfemale>n solider  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste in your status"
"is falling into the college routin, now if i could just get a job "
"so, i realy miss my girl friend right now       "
is bored        
is working on scholorships      nuf said
"is very excited to get back up to truckee to see friends and family, especially <propfirst>!"
is happy to be up in truckee!
"misses his girlfriend, a lot!!!"
see rain falling outside   
hates making stupid mistakes   
is going for a bike ride!! first clearish day since i moved!
"hey, if you can could you post a verse under this?"
psalm 55:22 - cast your burden upon the lord and he will sustain you; he will never allow the righteous to be shaken 
"psalm 100:1-3  shout joyfully to the lord, all the earth  serve the lord with gladness; come before him with joyful singing  know that the lord himself is god; it is he who has made us, and not ourselves; we are his people and the sheep of his pasture "
"today is iterresting, to say the least   "
"god is great!, church is awsome too!"
"is confused, again    i really don't like this life, why can't god come faster?"
is no longer confused!! thanks god!!!!
"wow, i just had someone stop being my friends because of god! well, lets see how many more go that way   "
"other than take a nice big gulp of turned milk, today looks to be a good day!"
another day goes by   
to this day it amazes me that poeple can be so blinded to god 
is excited to go back up to truckee! birthday parties are fun too   
"i wonder, is there snow in truckee?"
"today is a good day, thanks god!"
is going up to truckee for spring break   smile 
i am making pizza!
"it's nice to be home, truckee's more relaxed that the city   "
it's snowing  sad 
it's still snowing?
turkey!!!
"going back to auburn, wish me luck! ps prayers are great too  smile "
"this is really starting to bug me, you all know how facebook give friend suggetsions, well most of the friend suggestions i've been getting have mutaul friend in both truckee and auburn, how does this happen??"
yester day was wierd   
had a great day at church!  smile 
"“have you not known? have you not heard? the everlasting god, the lord,  the creator of the ends of the earth, neither faints nor is weary  his  understanding is unsearchable  he gives power to the weak, and to those  who have no might he increases strength  even the youths shall faint and  be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall,"
just got back from a great bicycle ride!
is totally stoked for ultimate frizbee  smile 
"had a blast with the guys, but i must admit, i hurt  plus i think i'm a little sunburned   "
love hanging out with church familly  smile 
"hey all, i could use some prayer right now  i got some good things and bad things, but as always i need god's strenght to get me through  thanks"
<propfirst> rogers's in my base killing my doods
"long day, but tomarrow looks good  smile "
"i just got from my asvab test, i score a 98!!! praise god!"
just got back from a great bike ride  smile 
it's wierd moving   
"last day of school, this makes me happy  smile "
is home in truckee   
"day two of job training tommarow, then off to see the new <propfirst> hood (for the second time)   smile "
"i am now a full time employee at safeway, well that's not to shaby i think from part time to full time in one day of job training, thanks god  smile "
"the creature in the wall just stoled my brothers necklece and pulled in under the wall  no joke, its kind of funny  smile "
anyone ever notice how life just kind of sucks sometimes?
"hi im <propmale> and i leave my facebook open at church to be hacked muahahaha\\poop"
have an awsome nation man day!!
\yes,\5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7,"i love you, lord; you are my strength  the lord is my rock, my fortress, and my savior; my god is my rock, in whom i find protection  he is my shield, the power that saves me, and my place of safety  i called on the lord, who is worthy of praise, and he saved me from my enemies  (psalm 18:1-3)"
"ephesians\ 4 smile 1-32 let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and slander \be put away from you, along with all malice  and be kind to one another,\ tender-hearted, forgiving each other, just as god in christ also has \forgiven you "
"'now\ all <propfemale> to god, who is able, through his mighty power at work within \us, to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think ' ephesians\ 3:20"
"john\ 15:4-5 \abide in me", and i in you  as the branch cannot bear fruit of \5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7,"you know, you think i would learn to close my computer when i leave for more than 2 hours, but its just so hard to learn how to do that  i like men     a lot  i also have a gay car "
\you\,5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7,"hey all, my grandpa just had a heart attack last night and is in sugery right now  my gradma is deppendant on him after her strokes and i would like to ask all my brothers and sisters in christ for prayer  that side of the familly is also not saved, so if you could also pray that my parrents who are there will be a light of love in this crises that would be great also  god is still good, and thank you all "
had a blast at sun and splash!! love hanging out with my church familly  smile 
last wensday  sad  this makes me sad   
college is crazier than i remembered   
    
thank you god for strangers  smile 
is a navy nuke!!!! thank you god!! and heck yes!!
"i waited patiently for the lord; and he inclined to me and heard my cry  he brought me up out ofthe miry <propmale>, and he set my feet upon a rock making my footsteps firm  he put a new song in my mouth, a song of praise to our god; many will see and fear and trust in the lord  (psalm 40, verses 1-3 nasb)"
"i'd like to take a moment to remember those killed on 9 11, to thank god that it hasn't been repeated, and to say a prayer for those who lost their loved ones  may our nation turn back to our loving god so that his protection will once again cover us "
"running before school, such sweet pain  smile "
"this will be fun, zeke's down for the weekend  smile "
"bro went home, i'm sick    i'm waiting for the rain, but it just doesn't come   "
\   being\,5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7,"jesus i love you    god i trust you, father, dad, savoir, i need you to hold me  we all do right now    god you are love and i pray hope with all my heart that austien is with you now  for us left behind, don't ever leave us   "
"don't ask, i'm not going to tell you  just pray for me, please    i need it right now "
\at\,5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7,"to bad only old people die of heart attacks, all they seem to do to us younger people is hurt like hell   "
i need a new profile pic  annoyed 
"it isn't wrong to want to protect people,is it?"
i could use a speed up in time right about now   
"what am i to you? if you want send it as a message  0% i dislike you, 10% you're a stranger , 20% we've never really \talked , 30% chilled a few times, 40% friend, 50% buddieees, 60% close \friends, 70% you're like a brother or sister to me , 80% best friend , \90% i love you, 100% i don't know what i'd do without you"
"i'm stoked, grandpa said we'll get to start training soon  he may not be\ a ninja master, but you don't mess with a career army <propmale> officer  \throwing knifes, rifle range, bull whip here i come"
feels good to be rocking out to some good christain rock while cooking  good day
"off to <propfemale> out with my couzins! this will be fun  smile \ps spell check isn't working right   "
"so i'm doing laundry and i realized i'm eating  i don't remember getting food or starting to eat    then i started thinking (a dangerous activity) about it, and realized, crap, i'm going to die if my metabolism ever slows down! i mean i eat when i'm bored, i eat when i'm sad or happy, i eat when i'm tierd, and i reward myself with food  when i have money the first thing i buy is food "
"will i ever make it home before midnight? with my friends, fat <propmale> "
i really hope it rains  smile 
i finally get my financial aid!!! i can get food!
"love bible studies, so worth it  smile "
"oh my gosh! i just started watching what may be the best sieres i've ever seen on tv! if you can watch 'kings'  you can see it on hulu or something, its amazing!!!"
"lol, still not used to millitary time  got on fb and thought wow, there's a lot of people on at midnight, then i remembered 22 surprise 0 is 10 surprise 0    "
hhhmmmm     so anyone want to <propfemale> out today?
today was imperesivly boring    
is it just me or is time slowing down?
had an amazing time as always fellowshiping with my church familly at youthgroup! i love you all and you guys are amazing! i thank god every day that he put all yal in my life  smile 
"hey guys! if any body has a lab coat or other evil scientist apperal, please let me know!"
got my computer back  smile 
"uh, i hate sand castles   "
"well that took forever  i edited my friends list, started a 9, ending now, with 243 friends less  i wonder if any notice?"
is stoke for the murder mystery tonight!!
is back in auburn   
"it's raining, the country's playing and i'm cooking  feels like everthing should be well   "
"asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd\",5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7,so i had way to much fun today! and yal all is all jeasouls  playful 
"you and i wake up in jail together    using\ only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, \you gotta copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on \yours! fair is fair    play along"
"is eating some really good chease cake, hate to break it to ya mom, but this one matches yours  i feel extremely blessed  smile "
"well i just have to say it, <propfirst> swift rocks!!"
"so i've come to a conclusion, as far as music goes, i'm falling in love with insturmental paino, go figure"
"hey all, this is a call out!! i need all my awesome brothers and sister in our lord and savior christ jesus to be in prayer for a friend of mine! here's what i need ya to do, first pray that this person gets the healing they need bu being drawn into god's healing presance, and second, to show your support like this status! now go pray!!"
"hey all, still i need all my \awesome brothers and sister in our lord and savior christ jesus to be in\ prayer for a friend of mine! here's what i need ya to do, first pray \that this person gets the healing they need by being drawn into god's \healing presance, and second, to show your support like this status! i'll keeping post this as my status till their healed"
"me again, \still i need all my awesome brothers and sister in our lord and \savior christ jesus to be in prayer for a friend of mine! here's \what i need ya to do, first pray that this person gets the healing \they need by being drawn into god's healing presance! i'll keep \posting this as my status till my friend is healed  smile  thanks yal!"
"back, as before still i \need all my awesome brothers and sister in our lord and savior \christ jesus to be praying for a friend of mine! here's what i \need ya to do, first pray that this person gets the healing they \need by being drawn into god's healing presance! i'll keep posting \this as my status till my friend is healed your awesome because god loves ya!"
"i love my family and friends, and jesus most of all  today was a good day "
i'm am blessed! more than i can tell or ever deserve  smile 
"please post this as your status if you know \someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  \dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they \can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because \they have already been eaten by   dragons    6% of    people\ are sitting in the    shower armed with fire extinguishers & the \remaining 1% are awesome "
"why do i think so much? some times i wish i didn't worry about other people so much, why can't i just be happy that my life is finally going well? do i have to help everybody? it wouldn't be that bad if they could learn to take help instead of all ways trying to do it on thier own  i must be dumbest smart person alive, either that or the dumbest dumy   "
"well that was a birthday i'll never forget, lots of good things, but the best is always at the end  jesus gives the best birthday gifts, enough said  smile "
hey all! what' up? long time no see  smile 
"today was long, too long   "
thank you jesus  smile 
prayers please  sad 
"a day off, i don't remember what to do with these    oh, train for the navy"
"i had a coworker describe me as \quiet and peaceful\"" last night  i think i like that   """
"dreams are often lost after waking up  they are to profoundly strange and impossible for our waking minds to handle  there is an incompatibility of a conscious brain and unconscious thoughts, the otherworldly situations encountered in dreams are denied upon waking "
hhmmm     still here    
what could be worse than a wicked man evil intentions? a fool with good intentions 
"don't mind me, i talk to much"
"i saw the family, talked with the family, the family left  all before 8 smile 0, i guess early rising just runs in the family"
"it's amazing how hard it can be to enjoy a good book, song or show when it reminds you of all the crap your trying to forget  annoyed "
got to love old guys  smile 
i need more hours in the day    
been at work for 40 <propfemale> now   
"i don't know why, but i'm in a country mood"
had to stop and look at the stars on the way home from truckee  smile 
\i feel like i learned something     \,5d5fab06acbb2a1f309ba4bf36acaef7,i get to sleep tonight  smile 
a day off? now what to do with it    
"you tend to hurt the people you love, everyone else just is worth the effort   "
"i guess i over did excise yesterday     it appears i tor my forearm and both pecks, i could even pick up the milk this morning  it was sad   "
"it's going to be a long night, first 8 hours of work done, onto the next  it will be nice to get off work at 7am tomorrow"
"oh, how i look towards the first lights of early morning that prove the passing of this long night"
"hhmmm    i have posted anything in forever, so    hi!"
"i'll have worked 48 hours since sunday, by the time i get off work tomorrow, with more work ahead  i think there's something wrong with me   "
