46e968ba65a84238b58bb9c700dbbfcf
im home  had a great weekend
bored out the yinyang
just chillen
just got home
watchen american pie  fixin to txt biscuit lol
just added my best friend
home   
at sams     chillen
watchin the fights then xin some playbox    feel free to txt
chillen  watchin the original american pie cuz its the best
bored    txt me
bored  ne one up for conversation?
sleepy sick and bored
bored any one up for conversation?
chillen with zach   waitin on the game
is the effin man
just chillen
just sittin around
i don't believe in it have you ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?
thanks for all the birthday wishes
tired as hell   bout to rig my laptop charger so i can go lay down
bored   saw <propfirst> hood and it was pretty epic     prolly new pics later txt me
hates everything about everything
just sittin around     wish someone would have brought me mcdonalds earlier     they know who they r lol
just got home    had a good night   except tht my name was changed to skyler vonzizi
at work       
at zachs chillen
just chillen with zach and higginbothom
kinda sorta really sleepy
at work   tired cuz its so early
watchin family guy then countdown to ufc117  and hangin with zach
in new orleans      real tired     definitley goin to sleep
at zachs   mite do a movie later
chillen at zachs    still effin sick       playin <propfirst> cart on the 64 and is suprisingly entertained
glad to be home but pissed about the fights    rosenthal is the worst ref ever    also still sick    not happy
tired   sick   pretty much the same as all week
still tired and sick    but sushi definitley lightned my spirits
singin <propmale> mcgraw and faith hill with zach <propfirst> and wingate at waffle house       just tht awesome     i love jukeboxes
chillen with <propfirst> zach and justin   bout to swim
im aswome!!
really tired    and bored    up for conversating   
tired as hell
at work     really blows
at work     fixin to get off
at zachs  saw the e playful endables and it was super badass
chillen with wingate   bout to eat some spagetti
"just started a twitter\a little disapointed in myself"
holy shit holy shit a swordfish almost went through my face
tired as hell        
waterpark is finally closed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just chillen
i hate npf   a call or txt would be nice
homework!!!!!! thanl god npf is over
is really pumped
had a decent day
im tired as shit but cant sleep
rdy to sleep
kinda bored   and tired but i dont wanna sleep   up for talking tho
this really blows
a little on the sore and tired side but had fun  which is a good thing
really wants to go to colorado state
got mail from coloradostate today!!
is really really tired and sore      really
not geeling great     planing on relaxing tomoro after work
cleaning   which really blows   
ohhhh   someone left their facebook up at work annnd they are not suppost to be on here buuuttt i could be really mean but i wont    ill just log out!!!!
still cleaning
no effin way
i eat poooo
really really tired
rise and rise again until lambs become lions
just got home    bout to watch the ultimate fighter
team gsp all the way!!!!!
needs someone to start working out with
"all of this time i cant believe i couldnt see, left in the dark when you were there in front of me"
fights tonite
at bww for the fights which is awesome
is kinda bored but stuff tp do later so its all good
hurt his neck
just got off    hungry!!
chillen   fishin was great
fixin to head out   
at home    tired and sore     takedowns are douche bags
team gsp is 3-0
thank god the weekend is here
michigans goin to win
just chillen
had a relaxing day    it was pretty nice
is exhausted
ultimate fighter time!!
gettin rdy for work
hardy all the way
"<propfirst> rogan\what do u think went wrong \"" <propfirst> hardy \""ummm i got punched in the face \"""""
never back down
finally got my gi!!!
listenin to some conway twitty at work     really wants to sleep
open mat in the morning   cant wait
5-2 today at open mat    im mighty proud of myelf
is unusually tired     
its too early to be awake during the weekend
really tired and really sore   but i learned my lesson     
faber all the way
is working   visitors welcome
is excited about tomorow
had a great time at lunch cant wait till tonite
got his computer charger in finally
on the way to baton rouge
you ready for a little nafta?
mma tonight and then ill be blessed with  mashed potatoes for supper   life is good
at work starving   cant wait till jiu jitsu tonight
getting my tattoo today!!
has his first tattoo
playing on my new phone
loves angry birds
the evo is the best phone ever
fixing to get christmas dinner again
had a fantastic workout can't wait to do it again
watching never back down and catching a little rnr
nobody who ever gave his best regretted it 
pain is temporary  it may last a minute an hour a day or a year  but if i quit it will stay with me forever
losers quit when their tired  winners quit when they'be won 
just got back to damons the fighter is a great movie
needs someone to come workout with him
is down to 207
cooking up some diet food
hates writing essays
chilling at labjj waiting for class and open mat
down to 208
at work     
down to 205 lbs !!!
always keeps one in the chamber in case your pondering
training was awesome can't wait for more
fight night 
don't forget the front kick
in class bored
this weather makes me want to go fishing
neon bowling
this sucks     i hate swim meets
bored   someone should give me something to do
got accepted to mcneese
school then nap then work  i'm already tired
us extremely happy right now
two bags  super awesome
has a car again!
hates this job so freakin much
can't wait to train tonight
have i mentioned how much this job blows yet?
"dear ufc judges,\learn how to judge fights \yours truly,\scalisi"
getting off early!
i hate this job!
down to 192lbs   
screw this job
wish i wasn't working a double so i could go train tonight
i'll make it to the <propfemale> if i have to crawl
really tired     this job sucks   can't wait to quit
tired   
sorta bummed out
watching the fighter
down to 192 5!
fight night!
got to quit popeyes!   and got a job at the movies
digging the new job
188 lbs!
<propmale> lawyer was freakin awesome    definitely should get awards
bored    
so sick to my stomach      damn u pizza
really didn't want to go to work today        
the part of the story i don't like is that he gave up looking for his dog after an hour  you get your ass out there and find that f***king dog!
"kangaroo song, kangaroo song, kangaroo song!!!"
but i wipe my own ass   i wipe my own ass!
the season finale of lights out is awesome
getting graduation stuff     my parents should feel old lol
fishing with baus and <propmale>
dos <propfirst> all day
workin for spar tonight   thts what the hell i'm talking bout
thank god for payday
needs to be off   urs almost fight time
it's time!!!!! goodluck to all my boys from labjj
big <propfirst> with the lat choke !!!
<propmale> representes with tht americana   tht wtf i'm talkin bout
<propmale> tore it up    diesel   labjj  us 3 and 0
lamma u can eat a weiner    ur jiujitsu is no where near the level of labjj
had a pretty great weekend
the inside leg kick    enemy of cups everywhere
i have decided tht benglis is the anti-christ     
starting to get my first little bit of cauliflower ear!
but we have beef jerky
i think what my next tat will be   idk where to put it tho    
im so bored     
at <propfemale>'s
wow  luna's freakin rocks
is exhausted    
i'm in alot of pain but proud as hell 
is officially done with high-school !
is the best big brother ever    
