32b5d1fc6ad8e84fcd14e028e1d70b42
my photo is all about being angry!
als starts monday   a grueling 6 weeks is ahead 
week two starts tomorrow   no end in sight yet 
week #2 done   still ticking 
"<propmale> of procrastination, getting ready for week #3"
"week 3 survived, getting closer to the end "
bought my new tv on friday with a few other gadgets   guess that means i should get cable or something 
drill practice today    apparently i call drill movements like the terminator   
als graduation tomorrow! hopefully they give me a diploma  smile 
"back to work tomorrow, should prove interesting   "
"out of the hospital and back home now, glad to be in a more relaxing environment "
"cooking curry, it's been a while "
the key to recovering seems to be the same idea behind not being detected by a motion sensor   
blah
i have graduated to wearing jeans again 
"air conditioning people come tomorrow at 4, will be nice to have a cool home again!"
"home is cooling down now from 82 degrees, hopefully the ac is working how it should be now "
"weezer, manchester orchestra, and coheed and cambria tonight    wish i could have went; not recovered enough yet "
"back at work for the first day since surgery, have a follow-up  today as well   hopefully things turn out on the positive side for me "
thinking of going to the cage the elephant concert on the 24th!
doesn't really care 
wonders what 100% feels like 
yay for friday!
got my tickets for the cage the elephant concert on thursday!
concert tonight!
is off to kc for the concert!
"concert was good, autovaugh put on a great show; cage the elephant was extremely energetic "
"got the windows tinted on the car yesterday, turned out pretty good "
"going to play soccer this week to see how things go, with any luck i'll be in full swing soon "
is going to the twins games tonight @ kc royals!
"headed to mn, previous engagement got canned at the last moment "
"biking, roller-skiing and kayaking yesterday    still feeling it today   was a good time and i need the exercise anyway "
car wash!
is at least 3 of the 7 dwarves today 
listening to autovaughn and relaxing 
is going to <propfirst> joohn's 
"arrived back in mo, let the drudging begin!"
saw the midnight showing of the e playful endables last night   definately some fast paced action 
keeps listening to the same song over and over again 
thinking about going to the <propfirst> <propmale> concert on monday night   
in kansas city for training 
"bed time, tomorrow morning = running theen class    joy"
going to power and light for dinner again    what to eat tonight?
"last day of training tomorrow, also will be the most helpful i hope!"
just got home time to get the ac going again and get ready for next weeks fun!
monday    oh how i miss wearing blues
back home time to load up on carbs!
pt test tonight @ 8 surprise 0 hoping things go well 
friday!  i am looking forward to the weekend and getting some work done 
"i don't understand your world, so you don't have to understand mine "
heading to mn tomorrow for the weekend 
is going to the twins game!
off to the fair
= tired 
relaxing to the new sully <propfemale> cd 
2 more days till the weekend    sor far way 
is now mud free!
is going to see cake and the smashing pumpkins tonight!
nascar tomorrow   
so tired    i'll rest for just a moment   by moment i mean an eternity   by eternity i mean about 8 hours   
here we go again 
"5k run done, next task    world dominance "
going to four professional haunted houses tonight   this will be a first time e playful erience so i might as well go all out    it's about 3 hours worth 
starting security + class tomorrow    joy
two more days till certification exam    hopefully i learn something before then  wink 
"last night of study, exam tomorrow "
passed the test!
minnesota bound?
has finished the drive and watched the football game 
tired 
"i use parmesan cheese to soak up the grease on my pizza, that way it doesn't escape "
is going to look for things to wear 
is making krumkake 
"so, playing in 2 indoor soccer leagues this year     1st game a win!"
well 3rd game of soccer so far 1-1-1  first game of the other league tomorrow night!
yawn
snow    brings out the stellar drivers!
so i got myself a new phone 
"at the ameristar casino, lets see how the luck is tonight "
just ran a random 0 in roulette got 175    cheers to the walk up and put a chip down!
apparently it wasn't done snowing yet   
<propfemale> playground was a good choice for the car ride to work this morning 
chalk up another in the w category for vball!
sucker punch in imax enjoyably abstract!
what to do    mediocre people do exceptional things all the time 
sully <propfemale>'s music helps the day go by on dreary days like today 
