527ed53d2ba3a3bc417b8402d5b2f556
is standing up to begin the year   see you all at the downtown comedy club in an hour   ready? go 
is holding out hope that the steelers can sneak into the playoffs even though they clearly don't deserve it 
seriously cannot figure out what the hell is wrong with my steelers!   sad 
can give the dodgers his full attention now that he is marginally satisfied by a laker victory 
is going to the dodger game!
lost his voice cheering for his beloved dodgers (who won by the way!)!
thinks it's funny that only his white best friend remembered juneteenth 
bought new jeans 
is watching <propfirst> at 3:15am 
is trying to sing <propmale> <propfemale>'s song in a strange land 
believes in the pineapple e playful ress
survived his first day of work!
just saw manny be manny
is about to lose his mind on account of the dodgers right now 
is telling jokes tomorrow night at the pig n whistle in hollywood   7 smile 0pm   $10 cover and no drink minimum   be effing there or else 
had a good salad for lunch 
wants to see all your asses who are in la at the pig n whistle this tuesday at 7 smile 0 pm   6714 hollywood blvd  $10  i am hosting the motherfucking show 
reminds all y'all socal folk to bring ya asses to the pig n whistle tomorrow    7 smile 0   i am hosting   6714 hollywood blvd 
did his thang yesterday   the show was awesome   good times and great sets   yay!
aced a mensa practice test 
is doing it yet again: pig n whistle   7 smile 0pm   $10 cover + 0 drink minimum    la-a    be there!
is ready for the show tomorrow   pig n whistle like usual 
wants you to come to his fucking show tonight   7 smile 0  pig n whistle 
"is discombobulated, yet motivated; sober, yet unclear; stirred, yet not shaken "
is finding it hard to deal and would really just like to not be sober anymore 
is at the park 
will be @ summerslam!
would like to <propfemale> out with someone today 
is back at it again at the pig n whistle!!! 7 smile 0pm   $5 + 1 drink   funny shit   be there and watch me do my thing 
wants you to come to the show tonight   pig n whistle   7 smile 0! jokes 
"put in work again last night at the pig n whistle  thakns to those who came   next week, he should be hosting "
is at it again 
is happy getthing <propfemale> but is begging for halladay 
"is fighting that old, familiar feeling "
is doin it 
wants to know how you doin   
is crunk right now 
is on twitter now   follow me @ www twitter com julesm35 
loves that <propmale> barker and <propmale> sharpton are in negotiations to be guest host on wwe raw!
says hennessey and a dutch   straight west coastin' son
wants you to come tomorrow night at 7 smile 0pm to the downtown comedy club and hear these jokes!!
: district 9 -- further proof that white people should not be in charge of shit 
had an awesome time at summerslam   now for the last week before school starts!
the trojans are marching upward   the sooners have already been stopped 
is taking suggestions for blog post for the new planet <propmale> website   what do y'all want to see hear?
sees further reason that college football needs a playoffs   fuckin eh 
":unplugged, disc 1, track 12 "
"would like to meet the man who thought that 8am was an acceptable time to start a meeting on saturday   (by meet, i mean shank) "
bought a new shirt but may not leave his hotel room 
sees a path for usc to get back into the national title hunt!
had a great set tonight   video clips to follow!
is off to <propmale>'s play reading in noho   it's gonna be the shit!
will post part 2 of his set after his views are in the triple digits   y'all don't wanna miss this next bit!
needs thirteen more of you motherfuckers to watch my new video before you get the new jokes   www youtube com julesm35
is coming to new york city in late october   shout out to kweeze and the kids from the comic strip!  get at me 
y'all made it happen   got the <propfirst> in the triple digits in under 2 days!  the second clip is gonna be up within an hour!!  get at me 
is so congested somebody might die 
thanks you all for the love so far   please keep it up and watch my shit!  i will post part 3 tonight   put the kids to bed before you watch it 
is uploading his shit right now!
is writin'
good sports weekend for los <propfemale>   word up 
has one final part of his routine to release   he will try to get to that sometime tomorrow   keep watching the other stuff though!
is having eel for lunch 
is totally into black girls now 
thanks all you reliables   and is therefore uploading part 4!
was just time raped 
<propfemale> los doyers
"is hosting the preshow at the downtown comedy club this friday, next friday and next saturday   it's ladies' month at the comedy club but you can hear your boy bring them out!"
loves the anti-steroids commercials during <propmale> league baseball 
is smelling a 2-0 lead for the boys in blue   <propfemale> los doyers 
how bout them dodgers son!
shout out to the nobel peace prize committee   yes we can!
wants you all to come see him tonight at the downtown comedy club   i'm bringin the ladies up proper!  see you at 8 downtown!
is polishing his set for tonight 
<propfirst> doin' work
rafi doin work!  go dodgers!
<propmale> doin work   go doyers 
manny doing work!
won a guitar at six flags for dominating a 3 point shooting contest!
is at the underground comedy lounge in downtown la this wednesday at 8 and the downtown comedy club this friday and saturday at 9pm   see you all there!
is sick of people having good mondays   get the memo people -- you're supposed to be cursing the skies!    god bless 
wtf is up with the mlb playoffs?  every team that advanced has a ridiculous 9th inning comeback story   wow!
is going to try not to whoop some ass today 
is trying not to have a monday on a tuesday 
learned something new about how the game is played today 
is at the unerground comedy lounge tonight in downtown la    8pm   come if you can stand to laugh 
"wow, a rainy day in los <propfemale>   i'm sure somewhere a midget feels 6 feet tall "
will do what he has to until he can do what he's destined to 
"killed tonight!  as soon as the powers that be crack open the door, <propmale> is busting through that mofo!  thanks for the support   see you all at the downtown comedy club friday and saturday "
is taking the psats 
c'mon blue!
and the moment has come   bottom of the 9th   who wants to be a hero??
neeeeeeds the dodgers to win this series  sad 
will see you all at the downtown comedy club tonight at 8pm!
"saw <propfirst> brown yesterday   more importantly, he saw a bum scream,  \if you ever touched my sister i'd fuck you up\"" to <propfirst> brown yesterday """
is way too upset with the damn dodgers to even really be upset 
is headed to new york city tomorrow!  <propfemale>'s room stand up!  i will see you all on friday!
just got to his hotel in new york city!
is off to e playful lore the new school and have breakfast 
is at the inkwell cafe in the bk tonight tellin jokes   9pm   come out!
is hosting <propfemale>'s room at the comic strip live this friday at 6!  come see me and my superfriends rock the joint and preparty with us!
loves phillies   hates the phillies 
is on his way to the comic strip right now!
was ready to run around aimlessly in the city today but the rain is seeing that that doesn't happen   i am glad to live in cali more and more on days like this 
is probably going to have to detox soon 
is over the weather in new york shitty 
goodbye new york
people get ready   there's a change a-coming 
and his normal monday gloom only heightened 
and the day the week ends 
and the rebirth of a cappella?
and the day we were all locked in 
is going to wrestlemania 
needs to find someone to twist his hair and start his dreads   anyone in the la area worthy of recommendation?
and the day he gave <propfemale> <propfirst> one more <propmale> 
has a date with mr  cooper next weekend 
and the ever-tightening clamps 
and <propfemale>'s salon takeover!!
and the time he finally took a sick day 
had the strangest night   i wonder if tonight can top it 
has got to find someone in la who can twist dreads   help!
has only the steelers left until march madness 
wants a droid but has to wait almost a year for the new every two to kick in 
does anybody want to watch the survivor series with me?
is at the downtown comedy club again this saturday   new material   you're all invited 
has nothing left for the world today 
finally got his bio up on a comedy club website   downtown comedy club is the shit!
"is reminded that without a vision, the people perish "
enjoyed the show at the dtcc   kudos to all who were on it 
is on to something new 
sheamus!
is celebrating thanksgiving vacation in philliedelphia 
is grateful 
remembers with gratitude a specific thanksgiving involving two cool kids from humboldt county in new jersey and massachusetts   blessings to all 
ugh 
so tiger woods was in a car accident today   driver was always his least reliable asset 
is off to <propmale>'s wedding!
long live ihop 
and the day that vacation ended 
is stepping back into the urban comedy e playful erience this wednesday   downtown stand up!
stfo
is stfo 
enjoyed himself at wild wednesdays   big ups to martini and <propmale>   let's hope they invite me back 
downtown comedy club tomorrow   9pm   be there 
sat proctor by day stand-up comic by night   come to the downtown comedy club tonight and see me and my friends put in work!
had another solid show at the dtcc   love to <propfirst> and <propfirst> (and mo in her absence) and all my funny buddies who also took the stage 
what the heck is wrong with my teams??
"jesus, guide me through this day "
and the line between yin and <propfemale> 
is dreaming big 
wonders who wants to watch the tlc ppv with him this sunday 
rip nfl season 
wishes he were in new york tonight 
added something new to the repertoire tonight 
is wrapped up in his snuggie 
is soooo excited for tlc tonight!  two ladder matches!
is really just trying to get through this last hard week of work before winter vacation 
is hosting the preshow friday and saturday at the downtown comedy club   8pm    great headliner   new material from your boy   please be there!
heard that <propmale> hart is headed back to the wwe temporarily and literally almost peed in his pants with glee   ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
has heard <propfirst> <propfirst>'s tragic call to keep my shit together and live life properly  love those you have and avoid drama 
is at the downtown comedy club tonight at 8   be there!
feels like he just got paroled!
and the downtown comedy club weekend of awesomeness continues tonight at 8 
"is not participating in society today   if that is a problem, you are free to leave a message with the receptionist i don't have "
thanks god for the thunder f*#k   it comes in from vancouver 
is trying to figure out the tornado winds outside right now   this is la people   let us not forget 
", <propfemale> cane <propfirst>, and worlds that collide "
had a great time tonight   happy kwanzaa to all!
could've almost died today 
and <propmale> the hitman hart are together again at last 
bought final draft and is well on the way 
"almost sliced his finger to the white meat   apparently oj's knife techniques don't work on pepper <propfirst> cheese, only on white girls (allegedly) "
"cuts with his right hand and eats with his left   so, now that he has almost cut off his left index finger, he is finding it slightly challenging to eat his dinner "
and the recurring back issues 
got a new blackberry to hold him over until he can get the droid   not everyone's phone <propfirst> are making the switch   just saying   
needs everyone's bbm info 
was awake at the witching hour 
has had nightmares about this <propfemale>'s defense before 
saw the official end of the new england <propfemale>   amen 
<propfirst> <propmale> is awesome!
and <propmale> are about to get crunked
now knows that <propfirst> cera in his underwear is not enough to <propfemale> a movie for me anymore   i don't blame the writers as much as i blame the director for not putting him in briefs 
now knows that <propfirst> cera in his underwear is not enough to <propfemale> a movie for me anymore   i don't blame the writers as much as i blame the director for not putting him in briefs 
has begun 
will be downtown for the urban comedy e playful erience tomorrow   8pm   come out and laugh bitches 
just saved a white boy's life today 
"really thought he lived in los <propfemale> but, judging from the hail outside, he was obviously mistaken "
is trying to figure out how it is not even lunchtime yet   i feel like i've been here forever 
is officially cool as of today 
"learned two very important life mantras: 1  treat others as they want to be treated, not as you want to be treated yourself   2  fight principles, not opponents "
is on stage three times this week   all downtown   yeah 
had a solid set tonight at wild wednesdays   get ready for the long version friday and saturday at the downtown comedy club!
"is e playful ecting everyone in la at the downtown comedy club tonight and or tomorrow night for these jokes, yo "
had a great set tonight   i love the downtown comedy club!
thinks <propfirst> lawler is whack as an annoucer now 
is officially ont he road to wrestlemania 
just discovered wale   wow 
wants every sista to listen to shades by wale today 
it feels so good not to be a hater 
"is diggin \who i am\"" by <propmale> <propmale> and the administration    it's a surprisingly mature and grown up album and the guitars are insane """
is excited to watch the super bowl today on his brand new hdtv!
is thus far unimpressed with the commercials 
's kid just got into u of a  go wildcats!
"is going to try to steal some stage time tonight at the downtown comedy club   either way, the show should be awesome so come on out!"
ripped it up at the downtown comedy club tonight  shout out to <propmale> izquieta and <propmale> g for bringing the fire too!
would really love to punch monday in the face 
and the next evolution 
will be in boston for a brief time in april for a college counselor tour!  shout out to the juneteenth crew 
really e playful ects to see everyone in la at the downtown comedy club friday night   i promise to be hilarious!
and the school day that ended with a cappella 
and the wednesday that includes both music and comedy 
loves telling jokes to and for funny people 
here's another hit <propmale> bonds 
wants everyone to come out to the downtown comedy club tomorrow night   9pm!!
is intrigued by the gubernatorial candidacy of <propfemale> whitman * *still not quite enough to really give a damn 
is planning a set list for tonight   thoughts?
has a remix planned for the bet joke tonight    downtown comedy club   9pm 
wants you to follow him on twitter at julesm35 
will be downtown la this thursday for some comedy!  crocker club   be there 
is counting down the days   
"is feeling a little hood today,  maybe because i am listening to \soldier\"" by <propfemale>'s child """
"is on stage tonight   crocker club, downtown la   8pm   free   as always, i will be bringing the funny   possibly wear depends "
is getting ready for the show   come out to the crocker club tonight at 8   downtown la stand up!
had a great set tonight and now is back to the regularly scheduled business of getting old 
had a wonderful birthday   thanks to all who came out to play and who sent their electronic and or telephonic love 
and the incubation stage 
is going to start an email list to keep people updated on my shows (like the one this friday at the downtown comedy club)   send me a message with your email if you'd like to be added 
"is making changes to his fb   stay tuned!  remember to send me your email address if you want to be put on the mailing list (unless you already have, in which case just sit tight)!"
will be at the downtown comedy club this friday   getcha popcorn ready 
and the day he sang <propfirst> <propmale> in front of the whole school   
and the day he learned that tomato watermelon gazpacho is a bad idea   
will see you at the downtown comedy club in a couple hours   the end 
enjoyed himself filling in for <propmale> <propmale> yesterday   good show all   downtown comedy club continues to be my home away from apartment 
kind of only feels like a normal human being when he is on stage 
didn't make a new year's resolution but will make a slightly late birthday resolution: to shut up and actually follow the platinum rule 
is so excited for monday night raw right now it's silly   don't hate 
would like to thank the state of california for making a written test easy enough for brotha like me to pass without studying 
sure (does not) know(s) how to pick a winner 
"and the day he still remembered a new, funny joke "
is making the road to wrestlemania playlist 
"must be high to buy a bottle of water that claims to have the equivalent of 8 bananas, 29 apples, and 33 cups of blueberries and only 5 calories   to top it off this shit tastes like lemon lime "
plans to begin really using twitter to more of its potential   follow me if you aren't already: julesm35
will be warming up the crowd at the downtown comedy club this friday at 8 with my boy <propfirst> <propfirst>   come see me and one of my best friends and then stay for a show that never disappoints!
will be telling jokes downtown 3 days this week   crocker club tomorrow   8pm   see you there 
wonders where all the good spellers have gone   
crocker club   8pm   jokes by me   be there 
annihilated the crocker club   love to my fellow performers   see everyone friday and saturday night the downtown comedy club   9pm   boom 
is back at the downtown comedy club tonight on the main show   open mic with some of my friends starts at 8   bring ya asses!
they should legalize weed and criminalize benadryl   this ish is way more dangerous and euphoric 
will be at at the downtown comedy club this weekend   will you?
"date night, souplantation, comedy club  go "
is headed to new york city tomorrow with a bunch of kids   at least spring break only involved two trips to the hospital 
is about to commit a homicide if his neighbors don't get a clue and turn that bullshit down 
welcome aboard southwest airline's service to new york   we will be taking the 405 to the 10   
has been in new york city now still for less than a 7 hours and was already offered drugs and a prostitute   yeah!
went through thw <propmale> tunnel today!  i might be the only one in the world who will be happy to see it today
so yeah   about the tunnel    fuck it and all that traffic   jesus   this is why i moved (well that and needing a job)   now for ollies for chinese and <propfirst> hart at the comic strip   only one thing missing    
"is grateful for really good friends who believe in me and in whom i believe, for common damn sense, for new york, for los <propfemale>, and for a firsthand reminder that comedy is a privilege and not a birthright "
and the day he played pied <propfemale>   
"has one extra ticket to in the heights tonight that he would love to be able to give to one of his friends if they picked up their phones   show is at 7   if you want it, call me now!"
"had another incredibly strange night in new york that involved three old friends, one amazing trip to broadway, a good deed that took my breath away for all the wrong reasons, a little good cop bad cop in which i was the good cop, and a 90% robbery-proof* taxi-suv  *number is an estimation, not a claim made by the lovely people at new york city taxi cab co "
will admit this only once   i love j-lo in enough   that movie is badass 
"is a better chaperon because of all of the crime and detective shows he watches on cable   <propfirst> - 1, sneaky 16 year old - 0"
can feel his body continually breaking down   thank you allergies and everything else 
"is not having it today from these kids   jesus, please <propfirst> from getting too black today "
"<propfirst> 7 -- kids 0   honestly, i could be matlock "
finds it difficult to take a deep breath and relax when he can't take a deep breath or relax 
happy holidays!
is having fun apartment shopping 
"thinks that if you are a) overweight and or b) intend on sleeping from la to boston in a row will people like me need to get up frequently, i should have the right to stab you "
"mentally yes, physically no"
"is about to take a bubble bath for the first time in over a decade, since he has been too big to fit in a normal tub "
"is at <propmale> u, the site of his greatest a cappella triumph   <propfemale> la <propmale> ark   shout out to all route niners past, present, and future "
<propmale> x's assassin was released from prison today   may the peace that brother shabazz knew before his death also find his murderer and may all of us not only understand the stupidity of racism and violence but be motivated to eliminate it 
would like to thank the lakers for showing up   there is a date with shaquille o'neal on the horizon   don't ruin it 
"\the ink of a scholar is worth more than the blood of a martyr \""  -<propfirst> fiasco"""
is safe back in la 
is officially off duty to the world today   try again tomorrow and wait for the beep to leave a message 
and his first really long set 
and the call to arms 
has his hoodie and his game face on 
los cavaliers estan viniendo 
will be scratching his comedic itches at good hurt tomorrow night 
may 22   downtown comedy club   8pm   me   this is your first notice 
has a lot on his mind and feels like saying the absolute worst of it tonight on stage 
will be living in the most spectacular apartment in <propfemale> <propmale> <propmale> in less than a month   say word son 
would like to thank the audience at the strip club for being more attentive than the audience at the christian birthday party 
read the tao te <propfemale> today on his droid while walking to work   i love that technology has brought me closer to living simply 
feels really nice being a celtics hater tonight 
is grateful not to have a baby momma on this fine holiday   i can only afford to take one lady out to <propfirst>'s 
returns to the downtown comedy club stage in exactly one week 
needs you to come see him at the downtown comedy club this saturday at 8pm   my mom might be there so come just to see if i'll tell the same rated r material in front of my mama   
can almost taste the blue dream
and the day we bought new furniture   
is in the finals of the schoolwide <propfemale> pong tournament   woo woo woo 
is a pc and windows 7 was his idea 
needs to see your faces and hear your laughter tomorrow at the downtown comedy club at 8pm   be there or feel a little bad about yourself 
is looking for a friend with a pickup truck who might wanna move a bed from town to town 
is in the mood to hear some jokes tonight and to tell some jokes tomorrow   see you all downtown 
needs you all downtown tonight!
and the set list 
is at the club and the peeps aare gathering   jokes to follow 
would like to thank the many people who came to my show and the many others who thought good thoughts   special shout out to the downtown comedy club for being the ish 
"after the android takeover, is anyone still proud to have a blackberry curve?"
that friggin dannonino commercial is too cute   almost makes a brotha wanna buy some yogurt 
my car just tried to eat my cable money   shout out to the poor people with jobs going paycheck to paycheck 
"returns to the crocker club stage thursday, june 3   details tp follow   getcha popcorn ready "
"anybody need a perfectly fine, perfectly cheap futon?"
and the day he got his yearbook signed 
thank dog it's friday 
and the countdown until the move 
"would like everyone who cares to know that my evil mind thought of a ton of material relative to mr  <propmale>, but i'm going to hold back for as long as i can "
wrote a song today 
has got people and places to see and be downtown tonight 
watching the french open reminds me the reason i needed that 1080p hdtv 
"there's a big weekend of comedy coming to downtown la! 1  crocker club on thursday w  me, <propmale> izquieta, et  <propmale>   2  downtown comedy club on friday with <propfirst> nouriel, et  <propmale>   3  downtown comedy club on saturday with <propmale> <propmale>, et  <propmale> "
is watching <propfemale> the story of us on the history channel and they just e playful lained the telegraph by saying that it's like twitter   welcome to the 21st century worldview officially 
send a thank you to all the vets and heroes who've made my dreams more possible in this country   we still have a way to go but i am so grateful for your sacrifices 
is reminded once again that truth is stranger than fiction   let the ideas flow!
and the season 2 finale 
is movin on up 
"is giddy for the furniture arriving tomorrow   if we like you, come visit us!"
wants you to come out and see him and his friends at the crocker club tomorrow night   8pm!
and the time he got comfortable on some brand new furniture 
rip rue   <propfemale> is the last <propfemale> girl standing 
wonders if a) there are still tickets available to the yankees dodgers series at the end of the month and b) if anyone would like to go with him to a game 
has one or two new jokes for the lucky crowd at crocker club tonight 
and a sunday full of gospel music 
will be telling jokes tonight at hollywood billiards in   hollywood   9pm   bring ya asses!
and another long ass day 
is finding it hard to say 
has a little treat for y'all in a few 
really needs to go get his hair did 
and today's math lesson: 1 + 1 4 = 1 happy mofo
will anyone else be watching the basketball match tonight?
", white widow, some fries, and a vacuum filter "
wrote a brand new joke 
is going to oregon on sunday 
will be hosting the 8pm show this friday at the downtown comedy club   bring ya asses 
is losing the ability to hear out of his left ear 
is on stage tonight in culver city and tomorrow at the downtown comedy club
white widow 
and the jokes that he might tell 
will be at the downtown comedy club tonight 
: the world is a hustle 
the neighbors are blasting contemporary christian rock tunes 
shoutout to the mofos who are also always on facebook   you know who you are 
is looking forward to oregon 
's neck is getting its ass kicked by this hair dryer 
is about to hop a jet plane 
would like to thank the men and women who take the place of deadbeat ass trifling ass sperm biological fathers   have a beer and a cheap card on me today 
just paid $35 for a cr'sandwich   thank you lax 
i bet today is maury povich's favorite holiday 
i think these green things in oregon are called trees   shoutout to all my people back in la breathing air they can see right now 
", a lot of wine, some beer, pool, great conversation, mucus, compostable water bottles, etc  (but not prune danish) "
day 2 in oregon   granola to follow 
has a scratch in his throat and a pretty good idea who to blame 
locally produced pinot noir 
doesn't understand how jesus stayed so nice to people   there is less wine still in my bloodstream than he alleged had constantly flowing through his and i am about to be a bitch 
instead of counting volkswagons i am going to count closeted gays with girlfriends wandering about this christian college 
"anyone who has ever said something to the effect of \life took a great big crap on me\"" as a negative has obviously never been constipated """
is drinking hot tea and iced tea at the same time 
and the oregon wine country 
is thinking about moving to oregon 
hasn't watched tv in a few days and the first show that he turned on was judge <propfemale> 
"on this day two years ago, <propfirst> went on stage and told jokes for the first time ever   thank you to those who have mentored and supported me thus far   the best is yet to come "
has not had that much to drink (on the job) since rookie camp 2004   shout out to <propmale> bromberg and <propfirst> quigley 
and the quest to learn the integrated mind body training technique 
"is at the airport, only partially excited to return to los <propfemale> "
feels like a wolf in a baby sheep factory 
has landed 
july 1  crocker club  downtown la  me my friends   jokes  bring ya asses 
is proud of team usa 
and a chorus line 
talk to me 
and the hunt to learn something new today 
"dear yankees,\\eat it \\love,\\los doyers"
unbelievable 
watches last night's boondocks 
wonders what jokes to tell this thursday 
"'s credit score is up 9 points   if this keeps up, i might have to get some coppertone or something "
needs to see each of your lovely faces downtown tomorrow night at the crocker club   comedy starts at 8   i promise to be funny this time 
thinks that a sweep of the san <propfirst> gnats was just what dr  scully ordered   go blue 
show tonight!  8pm  crocker club   be there!
is getting that familiar feeling he gets on game day   see you downtown tonight!
and the last day before vacation 
kinda likes the dutch 
"is on vacation   whatever it is that you need, ask somebody else "
and the increasing hunger to tell jokes for a living 
<propmale> lesnar vs  <propfirst> carwin
would like to thank muhammed <propfirst> for inspiring <propmale>'s rope-a-dope strategy tonight    the champ reigns 
"is proud to be an american and is proud to salute all those who helped shape this nation and give me the freedom to be the freak of nature that i am   special shoutouts to all those colors and tribes of people whose contributions have been historically overlooked   this nation was built by a quilt, y'all   let's put back the united in united states "
will be looking for grace tomorrow 
found grace 
saturday   downtown comedy club   8pm   i'm hosting a show filled with hilarious mofos 
", the white widow, and the race to a commercial break "
thinks shaq should play nice with dwade and sign with the heat for the veteran's minimum and be apart of the superteam that's developing   what if bron actually came to south beach?
who wants to go to rock the bells with me?
is hosting the 8pm show at the downtown comedy club this saturday!  new jokes   be there 
"fatty js, stereophonic sound   the game of hits   "
there was an earthquake?
is fueling the spaceship 
is anyone else nauseated and aroused by the lebronfest going on right now?
wow   team usa and 9 assholes vs  the lakers next year 
is about to take the dominos challenge 
will be having a special on comedy central tomorrow to announce my joke set for this saturday at the downtown comedy club   it will be called the delivery 
"for the record, dominos pizza is now good enough to order in the daytime "
vin scully is awesome 
needs to see you all at the downtown comedy club tonight!  8pm 
hot show tonight   great crowd   important day on the planet <propmale> 
"you would almost think that the city of <propmale> and lebron <propfirst> were bumping uglies with the way cavs' fans can't get over this thing already   i'm pretty sure somebody is dedicating \let it burn\"" on the radio right now in ohio """
"to the obese lady at the cafe who claimed that her fingers were fat because she used to suck on her knuckles, you are a fraud, a liar and a disgrace   be your own shape boo and stop polluting the air with falsehoods when i'm trying to enjoy my veggie slaw "
always fun being sick on vaycay   happy happy joy joy 
who wants to come over and nurse me back to health?
why is it so goddamn hard to see a doctor when one is sick?  i shouldn't have to finance strep throat or sit on hold for an hour to be told that i need to finance strep throat   canada continues to look better every day 
"after 2+ hours on the phone, i finally have a dr 's appointment   joy "
my doc just prescribed some cough med with codeine   looks like <propmale> will be getting his lil <propmale> on for the next couple of days   free weezy!
anyone who changes his her name on fb loses the right to make fun of rappers who call themselves by multiple things 
"day 3 of feeling like crap, here we go "
"finally, the only true league wins an exhibition game   and i am personally proud of how my dodgers fared "
is still not feeling like himself 
the only way the all-star game counting for something is justified this year is if the yankees face either the braves or dodgers in the world series 
how nice on a hot day to live in the <propfemale> 
"feels the heat, pressure, and lava in the volcano rising   lord, let me please have a summer "
will be stopping by the downtown comedy club tonight and will be hosting the 9pm show there next saturday 
can feel it in his feet 
had a breakthrough tonight   such is the way of the tao i suppose 
"had a great time at the downtown comedy   shout out to <propfirst> <propfemale> , <propmale> <propmale> <propfirst> moote , <propmale> izquieta , and the other funny bitches who are too cool to be my friend on fb "
stumbled upon a season 1 episode of mighty morphin power rangers and feels compelled to watch the whole thing 
is hosting the main show this saturday at the downtown comedy club at 9pm  jackie-fabulous champagnie and other hilarious females bringing the funny   bring ya asses 
and a toe-curling shade of purple 
needs good ine playful ensive free headshots   who's doing community service?
is going to break in a new hoodie (and maybe a new joke) this saturday at the downtown comedy club   9pm 
downtown comedy club   9m   be there 
"just for the record   \\1  you're = you are\2  your = 2nd person possessive\3  they're = they are\4  there = location vis-a-vis here\5  their = 3rd person plural possessive\\you've been told so that many more of you now have no excuse "
had a wonderful time at the downtown comedy club   thanks for the love!
great win today for the dodgers!
needs to be pretty today 
is doing some advanced lesson planning   you all should be lucky enough to take my class next semester 
"just re-watched the scene from fresh <propmale> of bel-air where will's dad walks out on him   i haven't actually cried in a long time but a brotha was all sorts of choked up after that \\two things people annoyed 1  deadbeat parents are the worst   raise your fucking kids (right) \2  lord, please don't will smith be a scientologist   can you take <propfirst> tucker instead?"
my office is literally killing me   #allergictoeverything
and the bluest of dreams 
i love the time in sports right before a trade deadline   the landscape changes beautifully every day   i think this kind of drama is also why i am a proud member of the  wwe universe for over two decades 
"dear facebook,\\they aren't \people i may know\"" if they ain't got no freaking friends \",527ed53d2ba3a3bc417b8402d5b2f556,is so close to a great idea 
it's time for dodger baseball!
i really dislike the giants 
"if you're on the westside and want something fun to do, go see <propmale> saia saia in  a chorus line at the <propfirst> wixon theater at 8pm   only a few tix left \\if you're near downtown and want something fun to do, come see me at the downtown comedy club at 8pm   in support of the dodgers i will be going very blue with my jokes tonight "
thinks <propmale> <propfemale> will do well in pitcher-friendly dodger stadium 
ahhhhh giants!
"i have faith that august will be better for the dodgers   and now, on to the busines of jokes "
today may have been a day 
can feel it in the air 
lunell  <propfemale> barbolak  me  cheap drinks  jokes   downtown comedy club  saturday beginning at 8pm 
wyclef is running for president of haiti   you probably missed the news because linsday lohan was getting out of jail early 
for the record i am no longer accepting friend requests from people who smell bad 
is headed downtown 
always has fun at the crocker club 
"invites all of you to the downtown comedy club tomorrow night at 8pm   funny stuff going down, including yours truly   see you there "
"shepherd's pie, butternut squash soup, a limited release beer, a beautiful blue dream, friday night smackdown   what could be better?"
is up for the business of being funny today 
omg i am a potato fiend 
was selected to participate in the first annual hollywood comedy fest!  more details to follow   you're all coming 
cheering for the cubs is like buying a ticket for an outdated out-of-state lottery with money you stole out of a bum's jar while he wasn't looking 
lord hold my mule while i shout   if the dodgers lose this game   
please christ bring on football season 
earth atmosphere is too much   retreating to my spaceship for a while 
"if verizon thinks that an endless loop of instrumental <propfemale> <propfirst> is going to do drive me to <propfemale> up on tech support and still have crappy wireless, they have another thing coming   i'm scrong family   please pray "
an hour of only partial resolution and my soul is starting to hurt   what's that i hear?  cuz i'm your laaaaaaaaaaady   sing sister   sing 
"if you had a superpower, what would it be?"
"today's helpful hint is brought to you by merriamwebster com annoyed \1  loosing - transitive verb - to make loose, to free from restraint, to let fly, and or to make less rigid \\2  losing - adj - to not be winning \\people don't really know that you didn't pay attention in class until you type it   planet <propmale> is here to help "
froyo 2 2
and @rickizquieta are tje entertsinment at a 25th hs reunion   was supposed to start at 6   #cptime
everything about droid is better after this update   and everything was already great 
i'm telling jokes tomorrow night!
does anyone know where i can buy a new laptop carger in person today?
im in riverside tonight at the mission tobacco lounge telling jokes at 8 smile 0   see you there 
"anyone wanna come to citywalk and see some comedy at 8?\your only other option is the downtown comedy club to see <propmale> izquieta"
keeps meeting hearing about people named <propfirst>   i'm feeling less unique but no less special   go <propfirst>(s)!
go steelers!
loves to hear the <propfemale> spangled banner 
dammit   i can't help but like coach k now   kinda wish team usa would've picked <propmale> <propmale> or <propfirst> <propmale> 
"is not feeling very patient or tolerant today   in other news, i will be telling jokes downtown tonight at 8 o'clock "
calling all pretenders to the floor 
is planning an ambitious meal for his sister with the slave voice 
has a headache and a disposition that can only be treated by a good class followed by something purple 
will be in st  <propfemale> during the high school reunion 
will be hosting the 8pm show tomorrow at the downtown comedy club   i want to see all of you there!
is smokin' with the cigarettes 
steeler nation stand up 
"the owner of segway died in a segway accident   in other news i still haven't switch to geico \(there's a segway for you) "
"really wants to live in england for a medium period of time and come back, among other things, with an accent "
"how <propfemale> is it that i am chatting about facebook on facebook while watching a trailer for \the social network\""?"""
just introduced my mom to my sister 
"is on a plane   let's see   \loud baby   check\late middle guy   check\smelly fat guy   check\hilariously gay flight attendant   check\leg room   "
my cabbie is telling me about how white girls love black guys because we are stronger and like the smoking   
hello san <propfirst>!
who do i know that wants to <propfemale> out in <propfemale> <propfirst>?
", a few free glasses of cabernet, an upcoming walk to chinatown for dinner   if anyone is in or close to san <propfemale> and would like to eat have drinks tonight   now's your <propmale>   call text me asap!"
"someone might not survive this train ride   there is nothing on my face that says i am interested in your ignorant ass conversation   if my headphones are in, my computer is open, and my eyes are glazing over,how much do you really think i want to talk to you??"
when i'm sick i use a lot of smileys  sad  
the lesson for today is: sometimes you just have be still 
is hosting a comedy show at la <propfemale> restaurant tomorrow   bring ya asses   i have many things to say 
\the children of children  while still young and sweet \,527ed53d2ba3a3bc417b8402d5b2f556,jokes and jokes and jokes and jokes 
can't wait for bragging rights 
needs to start really being able to tell people no   e playful ect more of it 
what is this?  green dream?  whaaa?
hey   i'm in a great show this wednesday at la <propfemale> restaurant   we're celebrating <propfirst> puckett being too poor to continue living in la   come hear some jokes!  8pm   2501 wilshire blvd 
filled out his sample ballot and is ready for tuesday!
i'm at la <propfemale> tonight for yhe public crucifixion of <propfirst> puckett
will be at the downtown comedy club tomorrow at 8pm   getcha popcorn ready 
will also be hosting the 8pm show this saturday at the downtown comedy club   see you downtown all weekend 
"i know i must be a comedian because i never feel as complete as i do during a great set   wonderful night at the downtown comedy club as usual   new jokes, great crowd   see you next time "
please come to the ice house this wednesday!  i'm going to spit hot lava all up in that comedy club   8pm 
see you at the ice house tonight at 8   boom 
ice house   8pm   be there 
"had a great time at the ice house last night   if you went you saw me spit hot lava   if you didn't, you better bring your ass next time   this funny is about to get serious "
"kanye, you've done it again "
survivor series!
"dear north korea, \\stop it \\love, \\<propfirst>"
just purchased the harper blynn ep   i suggest you all do the same 
i am a camel with a very heavy load   the next straw is the last straw 
is tempted by this <propfirst> game 
"your\car is japanese  your pizza is italian  your potato is <propmale>  your \wine is chilean  your democracy is greek  your coffee is colombian  your\tea is darjeeling  your watch is swiss  your fashion is french  your \shirt is indian  your shoes are thai  your radio is korean  your vodka \   is russian  and then you complain your neighbour is an immigrant? pull \yourself together! against racism, copy & paste "
"#11 if i ever needed to talk to anyone about anyone or anything, you are undoubtedly the first person to whom i would turn "
so who wants to play this silly <propfirst> game?  i'll gladly oblige   message me 
is going to tell some jokes tomorrow at 8 at lafonda   so much to say   
and the indefinite radio silence 
hello friends   come out tomorrow night to the downtown comedy club   i'm hosting @ 8pm    see you tomorrow 
this is definitely going to be a great day 
killed it again 
28 in 23 
will be at la <propfemale> restaurant tonight with <propmale> izquieta telling some jokes  roll through!
is going to enjoy his birthweek   see you all this saturday at the downtown comedy club 
tomorrow night   downtown comedy club   9pm  my birthday on stage   see you then 
thank you 
will be at the warehouse in <propfemale> <propmale> <propmale> on monday and la <propfemale> near downtown la this wednesday   come hear these jokes while they're still cheap 
la <propfemale> tonight   jokes and such 
