4bb8f66ce853836758b08f8fc1c4a0b9
has completely converted to apple  i'm pretty sure microsoft hates it's customers 
sad     parents wont let me see the meteor shower    take pictures
wow    i just typed in facebook and i got wierd code    not html or java    and i think i saw simplified chinese in there    
right when i get used to the new facebook      geez    i guess this one is easier to navigate though   
has looked out his window to see the frightening sight of eminent global warming      and it's white and fluffy    
just finished building an iglfort (i mixture of a snow fort and an igloo) and it is awesome!
is in college station checkin out a&m with his bro    guess who's an aggie now? (and who will be one in 2012!)
gotta love <propmale>    i just managed to copy and move skype to the applications folder    before it finished estimating the time it would take
"gotta love macs     est  time of download (not macs estimation, the site's) - 7 minutes actual time - 30 sec  smile "
leaving for football now     dang it's early   
"well, football was fun     lot of running    a lot\having trouble with stairs now  smile "
at a&m     helping my bro set up his room 
first thesa rider's football game tomorrow    
"getting ready to go to football   \been waiting for this day   "
is now studying for his stupid anatomy final  ugh 
training for football has started again  laugh 
i spent about 3 hours looking for my mom's phone  i had borrowed it to use it to find my phone and apparently never brought it back  i went through all of my drawers and all the rooms and never found it  turns out she put it next to the tv and forgot about it        lol
still studying for my anatomy test   sad 
"first day of christmas vacation  yyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy\ smile "
about to go for a jog     ugh it's cold 
going for a jog   
??? ??? ?????? ? ?? ????
i is boreded 
is making a on-the-go playlist and then is going to go for a jog  im wondering if my jog will end first or if my face will freeze first  only one way to find out!
second day of school    so tired  sad 
i just finish shoveling off my driveway when it begins to snow again  it's like the sky is trying to spite me 
"hey if any of ya'll have tried to call text me    sorry  i forgot my phone in the airport  playful \so hopefully ill get my phone back from the lost and found in a few days, but if not, ill be needing all ur <propfirst> again  laugh "
just got dead space  yay for no sleep ever again   laugh 
five minutes into dead space: ooooohhhhhh mmmmmyyyyy gggooooosssssshhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
