8a4297e091e1741f61b94a9c8cd3f356
relieved that the little guy is doing better
"<propfemale> faucet, <propfirst> <propmale> and now <propfirst> mays    i dont think i can take any more loss in my life"
is ready for some football!!!
"just wants to let everyone know that 08 held it down today, sorry 09 maybe next year "
he shoulda just given it up    
hopes everyone had a blast!
is in cortland!
come on jags ya breakin my heart
is it just me or did the week go by so fast?
the champs are here
coming home!
gilly cant touch me in pool
installing windows 7
<propfemale> is soft
is headed to pennsylvania    my brothers getting married!!!
no  no hollywood goes too far
happy thanksgiving everyone  smile 
i cant put any of this into words
back in cortland!
halfway done with final paper!
2 pages to go    home stretch!!!
final time
leaving for gn in 17 hours!
3 hours to go!
great to be back  smile 
penn station sucks
we need to win tomorrow sorry pats
blue
who from <propmale> knows where theyre living?
leaving for cortland
is in cortland!
this is gonna be a good day
afc did work
just watched a video from senior year    what a cab ride that was    
"sore throat, nauseous, headache    im taking a nap"
needs prayers
i whole-heartedly believe everything happens for a reason    i guess i just wish i knew what that reason was
this paper will be the death of me
back in great neck baby
days till survival trip: 1
into the wild
"heading back up to cortland, this break went way too fast!"
back in cortland!
<propfemale> 1 of paper finished   
<propfemale> 2 of paper finished    
wow just spent two hours reading then writing this paper i thought was due tomorrow    its due next monday    good night everyone
just registered for new heights!
i dont cry for you    youre in the presence of eternal joy  it's those of us who are left behind that face the tears 
anyone in cortland looking to get food?
public poll: what is the greatest love song of all time?
<propfemale> is not only my best friend but my superior and she should never be questioned 
leaving for cortland
back in cortland and shoutout to my brother and sister on 6 years of marriage!
finally finished next semesters schedule    its gonna be a tough semester
paper is finished!
just saw the fray live at cortland     epic
one final today then starts the war of the papers
finals week update - pages left to write: 16
finals week update - pages left to write: 11
finals week update - pages left to write: 5
done with papers! two finals to go
last final then home    here goes nothing
going home!
the ny giants superbowl champs 2010
lost was epic
skidrow does work! props
everyone needs to see magic & bird: a courtship of rivals  how appropriate that the start of the decade begins with the best rivalry in basketball!
headed up to syracuse  smile 
lets do it celtics!
crazy day: just spent the last 6 hours cleaning up the wreckage from this storm 
finally have internet back
"once you want it, you'll feel it  once you feel it, you'll know it  once you know it, you will never be the same "
happy birthday to the greatest nation in the world!
"by the start of the 2011 season amare, carmello, and <propmale> will all be knicks    too bad im a bobcats fan"
"daily poll: ok men, purely based on the physical attractiveness of a woman, which is more important: face or body?"
too the zoo
rip <propfirst>
north <propfemale> in less than 2 and a half hours
tried p90x for the first time yesterday     still nauseous
as always nc was awesome! new york here we come!
just saw braveheart for the first time    incredible
"tomorrow is the day! time to be recharged and by god's grace, touch some hearts at new heights summer camp!"
"i can't even begin to e playful lain just how much work god was able to do this past week  we reached new heights in christ! thank you all, we are truly blessed!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zqfu3ofnza0
it's almost time to go    its been an incredible summer and i am so blessed for the way god is working in my life  cortland here i come!
faith isn't easy    but thats what makes it faith
"for many are called, but few are chosen (<propfirst> 22:14)     this is for those chosen men\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=u3wvwezbtbo&nr=1"
"not only so, but we also rejoice in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope  ~ romans 5 smile -4"
you have filled my heart with greater joy  psalms 4:7
why is it that professors feel that they have the right to teach their opinions as fact?
slime p-rice anyone?
god is good!
ever try and brush your teeth with your non-dominant hand? totally different e playful erience
how many coincidences does it take for a person to realize that there are no coincidences?
jaguars starting off the season with a win  i love it
i love hip hop but i'm done listening to the big names insult my pops
"i don't claim to know everything, in fact one of my strengths is that i am fully aware of how much i don't know  but stronger yet is the fact that what i do know, i believe with all my heart "
"we are often unprepared for truth, which is why truth is revealed to us progressively  -chip brogden"
who is your favorite disney character?
heading back to the gn
"its been great coming home, back to cortland"
back in cortland safe and sound
ever stop to think about the idea of a <propmale> giving up his life for one of his servants? pretty wild   
laminin    look it up
night class till 9 smile 0 then chillin
"is it accurate to say straight hair is \softer\"" than curly hair?"""
jaguars win on a 59 yard field goal as time e playful ires    my man <propfirst> <propmale> rio is safe for now
\what good will it be for a man if he gains the whole world," yet forfeits his soul? or what can a man give in exchange for his soul?\"" ~ matthew 16:26\"8a4297e091e1741f61b94a9c8cd3f356,"the pro-choice view is that abortion is a woman's 'right'  what about the 'right' to life? \\at 18 days a baby has a beating heart  at 7 weeks this 'lifeless' baby begins to suck its thumb  at 24 weeks (still legal even without complications to the mother's health) that baby has a 50% <propmale> to survive on its own  we are living through legalized mass murder  it's just a matter of whether or not we want to see it "
"if nba 2k11 were a woman, i would get down on one knee right now and propose to her"
life is good and god is great!
"not sure my night class could have been any worse, the first hour was an exam and the second hour and 30 minutes was a <propfirst> moore documentary"
"so often we christians fight to be \right\"" but how many souls are saved and hearts won as a result a lost argument?"""
this weekend was absolutely incredible!
men's retreat!
thanks to my awesome agape peeps who came to our game! too bad we couldn't pull out the win 
"i don't know what the future holds, but i know who holds the future "
"oh, how he loves us!"
it has been a long day     and it's not even close to over  gonna need your help on this one god  smile 
ahhhh finished  smile  god is so good! good luck <propfemale> ace horning!
"he is jealous for me, loves like a hurricane, i am a tree"
how proud we are as we compare ourselves to others    how pitiful we are in comparison to the one who can judge the hearts of men 
"esse quam videri ~ to be, rather than to seem to be"
"<propfemale> ace horning, tonight you won a \game\"" while i lost a \""battle\""  this is far from over   """
what an incredible thanksgiving dinner! my agape peeps you are the best! special shout out to <propfemale> gardeski for making it all happen  of course there were many others who helped so thank you all!
"lord, i will follow you to the ends of existence!"
im a f-a-n-a-t-i-c!!!
heading back to cortland soon  praying for safe travel for all of those making their trips back  see you wittle guys soon!
since when does toothpaste have an e playful iration date?
paper is done and god is good    lets do this thing!
"find me here\speak to me\i want to feel you\i need to hear you\you are the light\thats leading me\to the place\where i find peace, again"
"father, i thank you for your peace that transcends all understanding!"
i love my life and i love christian gunn more than anyone else
god is so slick!
thank you so much <propfemale> ace horning  for the best secret <propfemale> gift ever! i am blessed beyond measure for so many reasons!
"thank you god for the ways you have worked in us these past two weeks, there is just no limit to the things you can do with a willing heart "
"headed back to long island, gonna miss you guys a ton!"
"if i speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, i am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal  if i have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if i have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, i am nothing  if i give all i possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames, but have not love, i gain nothing "
"thank you god for your son, the greatest gift ever given  <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
"the past is over (learn from your mistakes, move on), today is opportunity (it is up to you what you make of the chances you are given), and tomorrow is a mystery (only god knows the plans he has for our lives, so don't spend your time looking to what could be, follow the path he has laid out for you today!) 2010 had its ups and down but every year god gives is a blessing! heres to 2011!"
attention everyone i gave a ride home on new years: there is a salmonish color scarf in my car    anyone missing one?
"lead me to the cross\where your love poured out\bring me to my knees\lord i lay me down\rid me of myself\i belong to you\lead me, lead me to the cross"
"about to make the most epic meal in this history of breakfast foods for lunch    eggs, bacon, sausage, kielbasi and if i can find some potatoes, home fries"
"we love our parents because they gave us life, support our needs and show us love  how much more then should we love our heavenly father who gives and sustains all life, is the provider of every good and perfect gift, and loves us unconditionally!"
heading up to greene to see my man <propfirst> platt then off to cortland first thing tomorrow morning!
off to friendlys with my awesome new staff!
knows that <propfirst> is smarter than <propfirst> and i put together  smile 
im sorry to everyone who had to see the lies of my previous status    i think we were all able to to detect the fallacies as they presented themselves   
it's so nice to have christian gunn back  i have some pretty awesome friends!
god i am ready to start this path you've laid out for me!
psalm 51:16-17
lord thank you for the work you are doing on this campus  the first agape is in the books and by your grace we will enjoy many more nights of glorifying your name!
i cant believe they cancelled classes    and it didn't even snow!
"covered by your love divine\child of the risen lord\to hear you say \this one's mine\""\",8a4297e091e1741f61b94a9c8cd3f356,hey i just want all the other teams competing in tonights dodgeball tournament that i wish you luck! and no matter the outcome just remember that there's nothing wrong with second place 
there's no high like the most high
"god, i'm ready when you are  smile "
only those who see the invisible can achieve the impossible
agape lock-in tonight! get pumped people!
"what an awesome lock-in, <propfemale> mazurkiewicz and <propfirst> puukila did an absolutely incredible job tonight!"
i am so blessed!
knows that women are smarter than men  at everything 
2 3 done making my 101 things list  smile 
<propfirst> 3:16    the greatest love story of all time
"faith sees the invisible\faith believes the impossible\faith receives the incredible"
"who, then, are those who fear the lord? \he will instruct them in the ways they should choose  ~ psalm 25:12"
my goldylock locks are being cut offffffffffffff     and i'm crying about it
"my status was changed but the information is true, the hair is mostly gone  sad "
"but may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you; may those who love your salvation always say, \let god be exalted!\"""""
"god, you keep laying down the bread crumbs, ill keep following the trail  smile "
ready to do the lord's work this week with <propfemale> mazurkiewicz and <propfirst> puukila! nyc wont know what hit it!
yo yo yo yooooo wud up?!
"i will stay right here, till you tell me to move    yield, pray, and watch!"
"get excited people, we have the comedy group coming to agape tonight  bring your friends to the fireplace lounge tonight at 8, you wont be dissapointed!"
"lead me to the cross\where your love poured out\bring me to my knees\lord i lay me down\rid me of myself\i belong to you\lead me, lead me to the cross"
"every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the father of the heavenly lights, who does not change like shifting shadows  ~ <propfirst> 17:1"
off to canada with the gospel choir! shout out to all those going to the basic conference!
"if you're stressed and unsure of where to go, place your trust in the lord and be patient    you'll be surprised with how much greater the outcome will be   "
"there's something about you now\i can't quite figure out\everything she does is beautiful\everything she does is right\~lifehouse~"
"i know many of you have been wondering if the many websites offering ninja certification for the low price of $7 95 are legit    well i'll have you know that they are not\\thank you for you time"
big shoutout to <propfemale> koppenhaver! welcome to the family!
"dear cortland campus, please forgive the misguided man on the <propfirst> steps tomorrow, he knows not what he does  please remember he does not represent the views of the christians on this campus  we wish nothing but love and kindness for everyone regardless or should we say because of who they are  moral of the story: we love you as you are  (taken from <propfirst> platt)"
"dearest facebook friends who continue to poke me,\i would like all of you wonderful people to know that there are few things i take more seriously than a poke war and lets just say those things either involve direct harm to my family, loved ones, or <propfemale> syrup  so continue to poke me if you must    but know there is no hope for victory "
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes    can i just say that i love you all!
"lord, thank you for answered prayers!"
"i woke up feeling pretty sick this morning  not wanting to get up from bed there was so much i had to do but just couldn't move  my wonderful girlfriend came to bring me chicken noodle soup, oranges, tums, orange juice, and throat lozenges    am i a lucky guy or what!"
off to sleep    again  smile  see you bright and early tomorrow <propfirst> puukila  cant wait to meet everyone!
best easter weekend of my life  thank you lord for your sacrifice and better yet thank you for your triumph over the grave!
agape car wash today 3-6pm! come on down to 281 lot and get your car washed for free!
my phone got a little wet    its taking a rice bath so if anyone needs to reach me    dont try my phone it needs to rest
rice bath over and im about to turn my poor phone on    here we go
nope phone shut off for good    rip envy 3
