56b7b2996ce5e026a425741e7b1f37b6
"snow 1, <propfemale> 0"
werewolves over vamps any day    
happy thanksgiving everyone!
-4 this morning   these are the mornings i still find myself wondering what i'm doing here 
3 small dogs   2 cats   okay   4 dogs (1 large-ish)   2 cats   i need to be commited 
the best of the winter olympics   canada vs usa   hockey!!!! go usa!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy happy happy birthday <propfirst> & emry!!!
did you hear they are changing the country's name to the ussa   united states of socialist america    not lmao   
"does not like it uncle <propfirst>, i do not like it <propfirst> i am  i do not like these dirty crooks, neither how they cook the books  i do not like when congress steals, i do not like their secret deals  i do not like the speaker <propfemale>  i do not like this 'yes we can'  i do not like this kind of 'hope', i do not like it, nope, nope, nope! copy and repost if you disagree with the path our country is taking ("
"night 1 with my friend ra-lynn (radio active, ha ha) and i've got her started on my 7 season dvd collection of <propfemale> the vampire slayer   she's either going to running for the door soon or glued to the tv!"
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  its been a good day  wink 
i really hate the lakers
"there's a whisper on the night-wind, there's a <propfemale> agleam to guide us, and the wild is calling, calling   let us go ~ <propfirst> service, call of the wild   love you papa, i'll never forget "
don't cry because it's over   smile because it happened   ~ dr  seuss
"go ahead put a target on my forehead, you can fire but you got no bullets, i was yours   i'm not yours anymore   "
"god saw u getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around u & whispered come with me  with tearful eyes, we watched and saw u pass away  although we love u dearly, we could not make u stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest   god broke our hearts to prove to us, he, only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven u will miss this christmas"
wow   looks like the snot monster might steal christmas this year and the grinch gets the year off 
<propfemale> christmas everyone
thank you god!  we finally have snow in colorado   that's why i moved here!!!
just heartbroken   so many loved ones lost in just a few short days   praying for my friends who've lost family   
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and the people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right  forget about the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is part of life        getting back up is living    repost if you agree ?"
homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised!! yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first!!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this to their wall  i know i'm the 1%
"note to super bowl organizers:  next year you oughta verify that the celebrity you choose to sing the national anthem has actually heard the song before, nevermind knows all the words   "
