503edd313a7c49b7d1205ad42aeaffcb
"it just occurred to me that i haven't posted anything on here in upwards of two months  so what's everyone up to? i'm spending my summer doing nothing, it's like i'm 12 all over again "
i wonder if i should trade in my clunker??? it seems like the right time   
(insert brilliantly funny statement here)
"i think my computer burned up    won't start    \disk read error\"" or some shit like that """
"can't wait for the viking, packer game tonight    finally number 4 is on the right side of this rivalry "
i could have a job    but do i want one???
i need a computer   
"wow, just realized i didn't do a damn thing for a whole week   "
ummm    bored   
boss never said if i had to work or not    so i guess i'm gonna go home and take a nap   
got tickets last night    going to the viking game this sunday 
well that was a big waste of time    like normal   
<<<hoping for a huuuuge blizzard this week    i like it
how many cars do you think i'll see in the ditch between sioux city and lemars  i'm putting the over under at 4 1 2    any bets???
time to go play in the snow 
well i'm done with that    now on to a month of doing nothing    yay
just about to head out    goin to minneapolis for a football game    go vikings!
just got back from watchin the vikings dominate the 'boys    awesome game to go to   
"watchin the time tick, tick away   "
can't wait for that football game tomorrow 
gettin ready to head up to watch the game    i'm kinda torn on who to go for    but i'm sayin' geaux saints 
does anyone else hate when you're dead tired at 5 in the afternoon then wide awake at 2am??
it's thursday    that's like friday to me    my weekend starts now 
going to council bluffs tomorrow for a world series of poker for a circuit event    kinda excited   
saw a guy take a puck to the face at the hockey game tonight    priceless   
uni over ku    love it!
"the twins gave <propfirst> mauer a contract extension! i didn't know they had 184 million dollars    crazy    8 year $184,000,000    23 million a year    23    million    that's almost $142,000 per game    per game  damn    that means $284,000 in a day if there's a doubleheader    damn   "
just got home from bowling league    shot a 300 in my third game   
wants to go fishing   
made it to the lakes tonight    tomorrow: gambling and fishing 
remsen derby this weekend    not sure if i care   
playing with my new phone   
gonna be headin to spirit lake some time in the next 2 to 8 hours   
fireworks are starting 
football season keeps creeping closer and closer    can't wait to watch the hawkeyes and vikes kick some ass 
week and a half til it's over  week and a half til it starts 
wow was that just friday night? really? hmmm i thought it was more like wednesdayish   
the favre is in!
hawkeye football starts now!
touchdown hawkeyes! gonna be a lot more of them today 
"did usd actually beat minnesota???? was a great game but still kinda stunned  now for a little fun, let's see them gophers beat usc next week    oh and go hawkeyes!!"
"hello austen arnaud, meet the hawkeye d-line "
"3 plays, 97 yards, touchdown hawkeyes  i like it "
got myself a new pc 
"yeah, iowa is in fact crushing a top 5 team "
might have to be a cardinal's fan tomorrow    whatever it takes to get chilly out of minnesota 
on my way to iowa city    game time is approaching 
the state of idaho is probably enjoying this auburn v  bama game   
well i thought i was going to minneapolis to see the viking game    that mother nature bitch decided different 
"lol, my roomate from missouri just got his car stuck in a drift    some people just dont know "
tonight    was e playful ensive   
"and for today, poker and football "
just pulled in to minneapolis 
going south for the week 
"it's almost 80 degrees here in stl  oh, and happy st  paddy's day "
i enjoy hearing people complain about other people's complaining   
