448dd58f7da0dd9a8f86e76cc66b1b7f
new years rockin' <propfemale> 2011!  love 
decided 2 get a tumblr for new years   love 
happy new year!!!!  smile 
submitted the common app!
"i just made a facebook 4 real, 4 the sake of it, 4 <propmale> year  watz up?  smile "
thanx so much 4 welcoming me on facebook  i luv u guys!  smile 
i now have a profile picture? u like it?  smile 
ap calc exam 2morrow  <propfemale> nervous!
looking 4 more facebook friends!  smile 
"ap psychology 2morrow, ap english wednesday   i just want to get them over with "
i'm done with all my aps!  smile  *whew*
oh mondays   
"life is all about having friends, nice acquaitances, \normal\"" acquaitances", and not-so-nice acquaitances \44 laugh d58f7da0dd9a8f86e76cc66b1b7f,"if u like this status, i will post on ur wall something i like about u  make this as ur status if u want a challenge!\*i know everybody's doing that, but it seeems so cool!  smile "
"this is 4 the 2nd time: if u like this status, i will post on ur wall something i like about u  make this as ur status if u want a challenge!\i'm doing this 4 the sake of it just cuz im bored!  love "
fortune cookie message: one joy will scatter a hundred sorrows 
"wow, it's amazing, only 2 more days of actual school left   smile  it's weird how school is almost ending, yet it seems like it passes by so slowly, it does not seem like it'll end that soon   strange   "
"horoscopes are something that i believe in, yet i <propmale> not believe in too "
i'm done with the regents   smile 
"fortune cookie message: when mad, sing the alphabet "
100 friends on facebook! woop!
"if u like this status, i would write something i like about u, something i  love  about u, something i don't like about u and maybe a confession   wink  \post it on ur status if u want a challenge "
"yesterday, i checked the nest student services site  the good news is that i realized that i got a 99 on the u s history regents  the bad news is that i didnt do well onerall on my transcript as i had hoped "
just watched eclipse and that karate kid movie yesterday at the movies with my sis and my mom  they were both good   smile 
just visited nyu
finished my community service hours!  smile 
"there's a place i know, when you're looking for a show, where they go hard-core, and there's glitter on the floor   "
can't believe that school is tomorrow 
progress always involves risk 
how did we meet? (copy this to your status and see who remembers)
u never know how close your peers birthdays are to each other until u get a facebook
really need to break out of her shell for senior year   wink 
picture day was sooo awkward!
i hate class rank 
who received an envelope from national honor society?
tgif!!!  smile 
"1 of every 10 people born is gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority & so much more all for something they didn't ask for  gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better & you respect them for who they are, copy & paste this  most of you wont, but let's see the 5% of you who will » support all ? «"
"this is the only day of the century that will have three tens in a row, so we better live it up!  wink "
i just realized one thing today: myspace sucks 
it's hailing! this is <propfemale> scary!
is this now the calm after the storm?
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly\in her ear  \\while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man \flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  \\while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  \while you make your woman cry, there's a man stealing her smiles "
senior year is much more annoying than i e playful ected it to be   
"please\put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish\for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease\nor a choice people who are gay are not looking for a cure but \acceptance and equal rights will you make it your status for at least \            one hour? promote love & acceptance not hate  ?"
"to my fellow facebook friends!\what words would you use to desribe me(otherwise than \quiet\"")\",44 laugh d58f7da0dd9a8f86e76cc66b1b7f,"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status  do it for at least an hour, for those who have died of cancer or who are still fighting"
is so happy that she was accepted to the vassar college free bus trip overnight program for november!  smile 
thank you to everyone who liked my latest status!  love 
describe me in one word using the third letter of your name  answer me and then put this as your status to see what people say about you 
b-day 2morrow!  love 
"birthday today!  love \now i am wondering what it is like to be 17   "
thank you for the birthday wishes everyone!  love 
omg sats 2morrow!
"is back from taking the sats!!!  smile  i feel better than i had whe i took it in march, but i hope that i do significantly better(2000+ preferred)"
is happy that she did not have to take the sats in a different state 
like this status and i'll write a confession about u!  smile 
"was googling \google\"" on google """
is now at vassar!  smile 
is back from vassar!  smile 
"omg! november sat results on tuesday  i am nervous, yet excited at the same time!"
sat results 2morrow!
i wish i was better at taking the sat     sad 
i just realized that half of college applicants do not start writing their college essays until the night before their application deadlines  now i know that half of college applicants are complete idiots 
happy thanksgiving to everyone! hope you all have fun eating turkey and other yummy food!  love 
"oh great! just after thanksgiving, black friday, and a weekend, we have school tomorrow  well, at least there's christmas break later   "
is still wondering about whether she will even bother to go to the senior trip and or prom 
omg  i'm taking the act this week for the 1st time! any suggestions on how to do well?
"hates the amount of gossip that goes on in my school  once something happens, everybody knows by the end of the day "
act 2morrow    and i'm ready for it 
like my status and i'll tell you:1) how we met:2) my first impression of you: 3) what i like about you:4) favorite memory with you:5) a song that reminds me of you:6) dare you to put this on your status 
"<propfemale> about the act annoyed english: good\math: well, it's math so i did good(i only had trouble with 5 questions)\reading: good on the first two passages ok on the 3rd didnt get to do the lastso i had to guess on that\science: well, hopefully i did well, i didnt pace that great in the section(got stuck on a few questions, and then paced through it so i didnt finish about 5 questions)\writing: ok   "
it is just so hard to work on this lit paper right now   
is finally finished with the othello essay! woooooooooooooooooooooooot!
really needs to work on her supplements right now   
got her first acceptance letter!  love 
need suggestions! i'm planning on writing a creative writing short as an additional supplement for colleges! what should be the topic theme subject of the story?
its crazy that christmas is tomorrow   
<propfemale> christmas to all my facebook friends!  love 
really loves befunky photo effects !  love 
is done with the vassar supplement  smile )))))))))))))))
new years evee  love 
only one more supplement left to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1  laugh 
is hoping that 2011 is loads better than 2010   love 
didnt make a facebook status for a while  i guess i was too busy on my tumblr   wink 
i wonder what quote to put as my senior quote  can anyone check my past statuses and or my tumblr to see which quote i should use?
"finally got my act scores back  unfortunately, i'm upset about my score "
what type color style dress should i buy for the ballroom performance on monday? and what stores are great to buy them fro a good price? any suggestions would be appreciated   smile 
"its amazing how i'm thinking about prom in january, what has my world come to?"
ballroom dance presentation on monday  wish me luck guys  i hope i do well and dont mess up in any way     smile 
"congratualtions to all the 1st, 2nd and 6th period ballroom dance students who performed this morining at the assembly  you all did a really awesome job!"
"i know this is late, but my new years resolution of 2011 is to become a more confident and self-assured person, both inside and out "
"it's annoying that racism is mainly addressed on mlk day  racism is an issue that should be addressed every day, not just primarily on one day of the year "
"i only care about those who like me, not those who do not  i refuse to work myself up over those who do not matter at all to me "
"this week is passing by so quickly  regents week, here i come     laugh "
i need a new profile picture   
"got into brooklyn college! pretty good, i just hope that i get into macaulay honors college  oh well, i'll wait until march 15 to see   "
gotta twitter!  smile  can anyone send their twitters and or tumblrs that i can follow?
"sorry, dont have chapter 27 notes  crying "
finished my english essay!!!  smile 
i just cant wait until i get all of my college results  *sigh*
omg! i got into <propmale>aulay honors college at brooklyn college! free college for four years! plus a <propmale>! and study abroad opportunities  i am so happy right now!
the polls on facebook are really hilarious! lol!  laugh 
"yay! the \like\"" icon is on again!  smile """
"so i'm in a dilemma  i know that i am definitely going to prom and all, but what color dress should i wear would look good on me  any suggestions would help!"
