dbab3b511ab416294183698b19442df6
school is crazy but so worth it  i love it  but not looking forward to the sleepless nights  i have other things i would rather be doing lol  sleeping
"it can only get to you and tear u down if u let it, ur stronger than that  always remember u can control anything if u try hard enough "
"it's feels amazing when u have a good man behind u 100%,"
"damm, <propmale>- you found it---lol\its ok ot, everyone is a little flirt"
"do not trust anyone, as soon as you do u will be taken by surprise "
"don't look for the bad, but look for the good in everyone"
"whats going on for the 4th of july??????? let me know whats up, lets have fun     heheheh"
"it is the little things that matter, especially when they are une playful ected "
"i had a wonderful weekend with my love, even though i never got to see fireworks "
"wow! time really does fly, but i enjoy it  lol"
summer midterms already- time to crack down and study- don't go nuts
my favorite dayz r the ones 1 spend with my loved ones ( that includes my mr  wonderful)
playtime is sweeter after a hard day of work
"happiness is right in front of you, just open ur eyes and realize that it is the simple pleasures in life that mean the most and r most memoriable  such as a simple kiss when u, least excpect it"
new day new adventures!!! a second <propmale>
"i really need to take more pics,"
"last night ways so much fun,"
summer is almost here-for those of us who r doing summer sch  good luck on finals
"when life gets tough, you get tougher!"
i am sooooooo board !!!!!
has anyone seen the movie-dinner for the schmucks? i want to go see it looks hella funny     what u think>
i need more pics- if any one has any pics(that are suitable) let me know  thxz
hoping for each day to be better than the last!
"money comes and goes,but its the little things that count!   the smile on ur child's face is unforgetable and worth more than money it's self  <propfemale> every moment and always do ur best to be the best person and parent you can be; after all they only have one mom ur dad        (hearing my daught say that she wants to be a mommy like me when she grows big, melted my heart) i am so happy that i am a hero in her eyes!"
"last night was so much fun, and having my man with me is was the icing on the cake  "
"who wants to hookah??? check events for more info- i am planning a nite out with friends, if you want to come hit me up! c u there------yeah>>>>>>"
"i can't wait until monday, i miss everyone!"
"it is amazing how many people can know who you are, and you have no idea who they are  by this i mean      i know people that have the same friends as i do, but i had no idea \\making new friends can really make sense   lol"
"everyone have a great weekend,i know i will   lol"
"if today is a bad day for you,take a step back and think of all the good in ur life "
"it feels great to be alive and well,spending time with my baby girl and friends "
"what do we want a future,how do we get it    education     how do we achive this???? support measure e!!! on this nov  2nd ballot"
"measure e is in danger, we need you help  please help and support our future,education  pre- walk, phone bank,donate,money,educate others on measure e "
"thank you for those people who are always there to lend a helping hand  even more important thank you for those people who are real, and say things in your best interust w o sugar coating it  i wish more people did what was right,and not the trend "
is there anything going on tonight??? hit me up and let me know!
"i am thankful for having such a wonderful man, who understand me for me and appreciates me   \\if u r in a realationship let them know u appreciate them and r thankful!"
"why is happiness so hard to find, it's  because happiness is all in our minds  this month just keeps getting worse "
"remember all the good in your life, their are many people worse off who would love to be in ur shoes  try to appreciate what u have and help those who are having a difficult time that doesn't mean to have pity, it means to understand we all goes through rough patches in our lives  let them know u are a friend, they can count on  for many people just knowing ur not alone makes life a little brighter "
"just another day,i was hopping today would be better at least things are consis\tant "
"i got the worst feeling, i hate it when i know somethings wrong and i just don't know what it is yet "
"another wonderful weekend with my love, my life just gets better with each day we are together  you know who u are, and i think everyone knows who i am refuring to   lol"
"i am soooooo excited, i can't wait for new years!"
"i am so happy,all of my hardwork paided off  i got great grades  "
"my doggie <propfirst> needs a new home, we are moving and i can't have animals  this was my daughters doggie and she wants him to go to a new home instead of a shelter, i agree  <propfirst> is 7 human years, he rarely barks( like never   lol) and he is very chill and relaxed   he is great with kids and is free to a great home  i love my doggie , but i can't keep him   someone please help       call me@ 408 876-9519-"
"just taking, things one day at a time, trying to improve my life and my daughter each day  so, although times may seems rough at the time, one day i will look back at this point in my life and say, \that was a piece of cake\""    lol"""
"just because we have our rights to recieve education, doesn't mean we stop fighting  stand up for your self and other students and make a difference, big or small  no one can change the world bu their self, it takes a community "
does anyone know what those little study pillows with a tableboard are called? i can't think of what they are called for the life of me lol
