e67da750a539d4bca1477600d15db9b5
cant believe how much ignorance still astounds me 
more new pictures of the wedding woo
getting a 2000 e playful lorer tonight hopfuly
yay new truck
<propfirst> is gone i wish i had more to do!
so sad!
<propfirst> called    from bootcamp      
what to do    what to doo     ????
so  burnt so sick blahhh i still wanna be at the beach
is pissed out      i fucking hate cars at this point
i wish i had money i want to dye my hair so bad 
my hairs pink and green and blonde wooo funky!
cold and wet!
sick as hell back to reading public speaking book! what i will never be? how do i write a speech on that!
day two of being sick honestly hate this  not happy going to sleep again!
day three of sickness i need to go out and sit out side this house    
out with <propfemale> <propfemale> woo napping in the car!
"my mind hurts! i need to stop thinking about moving in a few months, some things i just cant handle atm!"
talking to <propfirst> goodnight!
tomorrow is my birthday     dennys in the am with <propfemale> <propfemale> then who knows what thing could happen!
its my birthday! i am 19!
going on a all day adventure!!!!!!! with <propfemale> <propfemale>!  things that need to get done    
well i didn't find my pumpkin today    sigh     and i lost my debit card and had to cancel it      tomorrow i get to go get a new one at td then maybe find that pumpkin    it still counts if its a day late right?
oh and btw thank you to all who said happy birthday!!! and the rest of you i have nothing to say to your lazy butts hummfff!
sitting with the kitties      i never wanna spay my animals again      kiwi cant even get on the bed and <propfirst> is cranky
15 more days!
truck getting worked on finaly
8 more days till <propfirst> comes home!
tired bed i smell like a car!
saturday <propfirst> is home!
"just finished putting together a baby shower gift for sunday      kinda made me sad, ugh in 2 weeks i guess were leaving    but on the up side <propfirst> comes home saturday!!!"
finishing getting ready then relaxing then off to pick up <propfirst>    
blah
thinking about the move when <propfirst> plays a game      errr
move to tn tuesday     
is in hell!!!!!
day 2 in tn
bored
"cooking dinner, then feeding <propfirst> and showery ness and what ever else comes up     nothing to do in tn other than house stuff       and the floor is still dirty damn that maid!!!!!!!"
<propfirst> sucks! 1  tells me he wants to bring his friend home for dinner and a hair cut a hour after i told him i was making a  potato that was gonna take me almost 2 hours to make   there for i had to quickly microwave and half ass a third potato  2  now tells me he wont be home for almost another hour or so      the food all done and now gonna get cold    *sigh* wtf i am never cooking for a time he comes home again!
just made pizza yummy!
"siting with <propfirst> on watching him play <propfemale>, gonna make a pie for tomorrow and finish cleaning  yay first christmas dinner in our new apartment "
no <propfemale> christmas damn it! *******<propfemale> ham day!!!!!!!*********
tipsy
i am up contemplating on cleaning again ugh to much stuff to clean    i never wanna move again i rather stay in hell than move      however my kitchen looks damn nice with all its new shit in it and so don't the rest of my place woohooo    
so i made dinner am alone till 9 smile 0am when <propfirst> gets off work and i don't feel like doing much!!!! i miss everyone from home   
tired watching repo and now 9 blahhhh its cold in here and i am sick oh <propfirst>'s still at work while i nap on the sofa
so <propfirst> is out bowling with the boys pffft yet another night stuck in the house or well for a while supposed to got to stake n' shake but will see when he comes back    he probably will be to tired although he will be hunger so we never know  my neck hurts slept wrong and i spilled water on my pant now i am cold and going back to watch repo!
sooooooo bored watching finding nemo
bored bored bored     sad to say i wish i was in school   
why is it when you do nothing you want to do something like school    but when you are in school all you want is that lazy days that just passed    well i guess anything might be better than sitting cleaning all day and cooking lame     <propfirst>'s at work then we are do the wonderful laundry on base as always then who knows     wish it was next weekend already     payday please come faster! i hate having no money!
i am bored i don't wanna clean just yet and its cold and was flurrying earlier blahh
i am cleaning yet again    i wish i had more than 2 real friends sadness! ok back to the dirty dishes and bathroom!
can nothing in life go right for more than like 30min     well one thing will go right if it kills me    <propfemale> <propfemale> will be coming down here no mater what!!!! dun dun dunnn       
<propfirst> is finally getting me a puppy!!!! if things work out it just might be my v-day gift  he already has a name for it if we get the one we have been interested in      can you say sr weenie stetson     i married a goober    
i want pancakes!!!!!
yay!!!!  for getting rid of junk i don't use!!!! more money for me   
blah sitting in the quite waiting for people to get up    <propmale> stayed over since he was sick    dana and him have no work i wonder what i will get to do   (watch them play games all day) oh and i made lots of cookies for no reason sigh what a waist!
blah!
i so feel like curling in bed with my laptop but have no motivation to move lame week!
"my bologna has a first name,it's o-s-c-a-r my bologna has a second name,it's m-a-y-e-r oh i love to eat it everyday,and if you ask me why say,cause' <propfirst> mayer has a way with b-o-l-o-g-n-a!!!! but f' the bologna i'm eat'n' gold fish!"
is it saturday yet?
we have him!
stetson    enough said 
its cold out     i wish i could tell if he was peeing    damn your stubby little legs!
he finaly went to the bath room out side!!!!!     then pee on his piddle mate 10 <propfemale> later in the house      hes so full of it    
<propfirst> is working i am bored and the puppy is sleeping on the desk blah
so bored     today is like one of them days     were i must say    i miss you <propfemale> <propfemale>     
2 more hours     taking stetson for a walk    
up going to make  pan cakes and be grummpy away from the piss ant <propfirst>
getting dressed then talking stetson out 
blah thats all need be said!
ahhh to house training puppys!
to the sofa!
<propfirst> needs to come home i want dinner!!!!
shitty night  reminding  people agian and agina is getting fucking old  blah going to bed 
stetson is finaly getting it    finaly!
finishing cleaning all thats left is dishses then dinner for 7:40ish pasta much!
goodnight
lunch   giving stetson a bath  then who knows   
so feel like crap    cleaning the rug and dishes     don't forget a side of potty training!
totally bored    blah!
super bored to make cookies or no that is the question?
i must say                     hi!
no one ever asks me about anything     ugh all you ever think about is you you you! i hate it!!!!!
so i have been up for a hour with the puppy and not sure what i want to do  the sofa is looking like the place i will be spending some time curled up with him some cookies and a movie   
blah
payed all the bills 
yay the second puppy is now ours  payment has gotten there finally and diesel will be ours after april 14th 
the world needs to be back handed then bitch slaped with a pimp hand!
back to sleep with stetson     
yay for internet finally    but on a more serious note i have nothing to do but clean and i dont wanna do that!!!! yet     save me!
so good to know that life here while <propfirst> deploys is gona suck balls! nothing just dumb ass shit with piss ant bitches what a waist hope i go back to school
puppy number two only a few days away from comming home and being torcherd by puppy number one lol
back to sleep for a little bit them cleaning the stupid house
leaveing soon to pick up the puppy yay!
so its almost 3am and i can't sleep our new puppys on a pillow next to me and stetson is runing around like a nut  <propfirst> is trying to sleep what a night ugh!
i am still up with the puppys wow he's a cry baby and stetson just wants to play but he's so damn small! pic later
new pictures of the puppy and what not there to cute
up with nothing to do  everything else is still alseep   
good morning but i am so going back to sleep evil puppys are crazy and jump all over me
cleaning the bed room the puppy bath time then on to the dishes and livng room what fun   
going to i-hop woo
i bet my weekend was worse than yours! yay for being robbed      ='(
sad i have no identity now so very sad ='(
that slut best pray i never see her car or her fucking face again there will be hell to pay!
just hunted down paper work to try and get all my ids back ugh i so hate that bitch for stealin my purse! oh and my wii and laptop    
life    enough said   
pickles
"i so hate applying to college and doing that whole deal over and over gawd damn it is a pain in my \balls\"" well i am in i made a email account and and one step closer to actully attening only 1000billion more steps to go"""
i just wrote a love note to <propfemale> <propfemale>
first night with <propfirst> back
so not shocked at how stupid people can be    really wow    
chicken and tots
stupid piss ant   ×_×
sick sooo sick ugh i hate being sick       
to massachusetts in a few days! only a 19h 56min  drive with 2 dogs  5tolls and who knows what other secrets may be in there      oh what fun is this going to be     
finishing packing then cleaning up the house
just about packed     shower nap midnight sign out then on the road for a 20+ hour road trip 
up in <propfe<propfemale>le> only a few more hours of driving till <propfemale>
now in nj 62miles to nyc
nyc sucks at this rate ill be home on monday
in ct what fun
finaly in <propfemale> now only an hour more to go home!
laying on the sofa i love home     i wish i never had to go back to tn
bored bored bored    and kinda itchy    i wish i had the car keys i go home for awhile insted of sitting alone outside     
at the movies yay!
so we are going to be home in tn by 1pm tommrow hopefully
good bye <propfemale> hello ct
welcome to ny
we just touched nj and now are in <propfemale> now <propfemale> to wv to ky to tn
fireworks are everywhare!!!
have you ever seen a whole city of fireworks? i have
in md with cranky pants wow only 2 more states and forever to go ugh
some place in wv
ok so now we are in ky
so it looks like 3ish for being home then paying rent and getting mail
home  sad 
yay bed time     finaly my own bed not a deflating air bed that i have to blow up every 3 hours blahhh     hope for a better day tommrow 
blahhh     
bed with diesel 
ok i am so going to shower i am so anoyyed
ok so night i am so done with this day
danas asleep puppies are now both in bed   finaly and now i can go to sleep maybe  shoping tommrow yay food?
danas a butt head who can't find anything
blahhh
merrr shower merr
not tierd but going to sleep anyways merr sadface
stupid people 
watching a movie on the sofa
danas taking a dump    
bored      ugh what to do what to do?
bored
blahh money blahh house blahh laundry blahh blahh blahh          oh and whoever is doing all this baning i like them to stop my god stetson is going wild!
i want a waffle maker    
grape kool-aid
hungry and grumpy     the cat is snoring so bad i think i keep hearing a steam vent behind my head!
night
i wish someone would wash my dishes take my trash out and clean my living room and don't forget to find danas stuff that's lost in the trash hole we live in     *sigh* -_- *sigh*
food?
i need to take a shower   
 sad 
making dinner now 
goodnight i think 
"just spent 1,313 95$ at best buy on a new laptop,ps3,ps3 games + controler, and an external hard drive yay!"
yay from best buy to the mall  new underware finaly this time the dogs won't get to them! lunch then to clothing and sales for some <propfirst> items
so done shoping now    we have 99% of the things we need before hes gone yay 
yay!!! thats all   
bored
i so just made a deal for a microwave in only 30min  yep tommrow i pick up a new microwave thats not a deamon and wont stop beeping like a mad man!!!!!
so today i have seen 3 tattos and my own get done     wow to much ink
blahhh
afternoon
angery!
just did 30$ worth of laundry ugh
one year      sad 
ugh sleep time now!
so today is day two  i have to clean i cant even walk around with out there being shit in my way ugh disaster!!!!
everyone loves a shaved <propfemale>
so facebook people over the next year you are one of my main sources of entertainment and i need you to start doing it now! thank you in advance 
good morning world its time to eat the pig 
took the dogs for a walk    what a weenie stetson is he wouldn't stop pulling because he didn't wanna be on the pavement it but diesel walked just fine my good little boys 
its 3am and i am making potatoes     wow issues much   
my head hurts
just wow
so the new people who are moving in next door are already annoying and knocked my plant over and hit my door with something! what the hell 
 sad  blah
can you say bored    
so sad     sad 
i am going to bed in a few merr 
needs to be motivated to clean asap
i have no clue what i am doing    i guess shower clean    repeat   
cin  buns
what the hell!!!!
i cant sleep and i have to be up at 7 lame
going to get dinner then i dont know what   
still up and bored    
cooking food
still not asleep watched movies with <propfemale> and then heard the black people fight      wow dramatic     its after 3am and there having a full blow scream fest out side     
i just woke up really
headache    
i just went on an adding family rampage 
oh of course i am still up    
thinking about going back home     but the 20hours of driving does not seem so appealing to me why?
why does cleaning have to be so evil    
why is it 4am and i have so much energy????
going to bed      thats right i am now just going to bed i am crazy i know it     
the pants <propfemale>!!!!
bored!!!
so my phone is now 95% broken yay me oh i can barley text and make phone calls and i am only do that because i am so super special     yay me wooo
did i mention i haven't gone to sleep i am just functioning away still  prob gonna pass out soon 
so text me this damn phone has no <propfirst> 978 914 1023 and dont be dumb tell me who you are!
dance
paying bills at 4am wow i am super lame
i have everything i need    and all my bills are payed    this is a first     
yay for setting allowances with <propfemale> i wish it never had to come to this     
i love disney movies      
bahh     not tired enough to sleep      but i have nothing to do what the hell     
can you paint with all the colors of the wind?    well can you!?!      i can  hehe    
i guess i will pick up some more but were to start this time    motivation please come 
i can't believe its not butter    well really i can   
bored      
going to watch some stupid movie call text
thats right i am going to bed right now  i stayed up all night i am crazy     i blame <propfirst>    
i have just woken up what is wrong with this picture    <propfirst> i still blame you 
just cleaning my really really small apartment and how in the hell do you get 15 bags of trash out of it    i knew it was a mess but really omg were did it all come from  well its all backed up and now to some how get it to the dumpster and then a folding marathon and then doing more laundry tonight of and don't for get the rest of the dishes and moving your furniture 
just moved my room around      all the <propmale> furniture is done      the floor needs to be picked up but ehh i will do that later    plus clean the bed room and kitchen some more     will the cleaning ever be done    i think not     then more on the to do list is move the living room around       dont forget the <propfemale> box either ugh kill me now   
sleep is imminent   
by 3am i am going to bed i am so finished with this up all night and day thing im ready to change back so maybe i can do things during the day just maybe plus pest control comes tomorrow    dont want them walking in on me passed out lol   
i went to bed at 3am and was up a little after 6 and i feel good    finally haha
why is it so cold right now     socks are even warming my feet
i have been up since 5am what the hell   really
so i totally forgot how much my dumb ass cat loves mcdonalds and she so just woke me up by fighting my other cat and 2 dogs for a cheese burger     really what the fuck  gonna take me forever to go back to sleep now 
chicken for breakfast?
is it 10 yet or maybe even 11?
i wish someone would entertain me     
going out be home later?
food then i am passing out
full
tag happy
just spent an hour and 56min on the phone with my grandmother     there is my phone calls to family for the month   
pigs in a blanket and string cheese woo!
tired now   
peppermint tea please help me    
back to sleep
i hate forgetting things at the store and having to go back 13 different times ughhhh 
whats for dinner tonight?????
i no longer have an addiction to facebook
22 more days mmm what to do that day
i keep missing everyone online
wow
i swear i am gonna kick someones ass today 
bahhh!!!! thats how i feel bahhh!
wow just wow!
only been up 20min and alredy at the vets ugh what a day todays gona be
diesel has parvo  and both have to have the shots and have ear infections  what a past few week i am just getting so tired 
i can barley handle this! my dog have parvo      the shot they got made there eyes dilate and now they can barley see and walkin around cracked out there minds  i have to force feed them pedialyte        oh and on top of that ear infections kill now
i have been up every 2 to 3 hours to force feed my puppies  boy do they hate me right now 
diesel and stetson are kicking parvo ass  might not even need another shot tonight then one more time to the vet tomorrow and should be pretty good 
i got a parvo puppy on my butt!
can this month get any worse yet?
totally depressed
another day has passed and they are even better  smile  i just wish he didnt keep trying to steal my bologna 
ha!
i wish i knew who just threw up    oh and of course its all over my sofa   fml
angery!!!!!!!!!!!!
back to square one       ugh poor diesel       he looks fine but feels all skinny and bahhhh     i wish he stop throwing up especially in my bed  i hate parvo      
today stetson ran into the laundromat
diesel is still sick    who can work magic and fix him apparently not a vet!
bahh bored out my mins parvo puppy is locked in the living room till he needs his pedialye then nap and repeat
depressed
better day
diesel just finally ate!!!! lets hope he keeps it down   
another day gone by and still an up hill battle      when can i reach the top?
why cant i sleep     someone please tell me      
bored watching horton hears a who     lunch and slowly fixing my hair maybe haha
finding nemo
i just want to be able to buy a house what the f***!
gona give the dog his pill then go get dinner     
so in a few days i can finish my hair      and i now need toner wooo     
leaving in a few then will be back to pass out!
omg my hair!
its my birthday woo goodnight
so i am 20 and i say thanks to all the birthday wishes 
in a month i will be back to the place i call home     good old new england      
why did i even get up today?
gonna make some pasta! yay dinner      
goodnight to the goodmorning
so i dont get why i know so many people but no one ever talks to me      i am going crazy in the house      making pigs in a blanket     day 2 of cooking
its that kind of day    
i am so bored can i just go home already?
stupid vet
bath time ahhhh
my phone charger broke last night  now on the hunt for a new one      why must this be such a pain in my ass
i hate today
so i am bored and my shoulder is killing me     
off to walmart       and i think fashion bug    
ok so i am thinking shower then i really dont know      i should clean but who wants to do that     
who wants to start the count down       14days maybe?
going out why do i forget simple rules    
bahhh 
"babble babble bitch bitchrebel rebel party partysex sex sex and don't forget the \violence\"""""
sooo      10am whos going to bed whos gona go to bed now       not me i am still not tierd i am gona go watch a movie      
i am getting the other side of my lip done tomorrow then i am done yay!!! the rest of the moneys for bills bills bills and going home!
"<propmale> payed food bought piercings got     looks like i am going home on time, i say goodbye clarksville on the 12th and start my drive off    i cant wait "
i wanna know who wants to see me while i am back in <propfemale>?????
i just woke up and took a shower and just wanna go back to bed i don't feel well mer!
home and bored now what to do?
so yeah i am up and i was packing boxes to go to afghanistan what joy that was now for the finishing touches       and dinner
imma vampire blahhh!!!!!!!
nap
"life is not long   \but life is not short   \it is what you do   \take in the world to feel   \-> feel the stabbing   \-> feel the crushing   \-> feel the bone clentching   \the gruesome pain and torture   \till you gasp your last - \breath of blackened air   \surcome to the darkness   \let your blood grow cold   \close your bleeding eyes and   \sleep deep for eternity   "
angry!
gone to bed    
goodnight
i need to stop trying to call my mom when shes not home and i know it     ugh
i hate doing the dishes nominally but hey there almost done 
anyone want to video chat? join my chatroom - http annoyed  tinychat com ooh
i miss <propfemale> <propfemale>! i can't wait to see you next week!
its time      that is for the attempting to sleep     
almost done packing and doin dishes i just wanna shower and sleep       leaving tomorrow 
home in <propfemale>
day #1 in <propfemale> what to do?
it so feels like nap time
what to do today any ideas????
"bed soon, tomorrows gonna be a long day "
"thanksgiving in <propfemale> best place to be   smile  \i love you <propfirst> noury      oh and i guess i miss you too  \(telling me to spell check our last name lol)"
<propfemale> gov is really f**kin dumb      is it really that hard to understand my husbands in the army we moved to tn no way in hell i can go do jury duty in <propfirst>      stupidity     
nothing to do 
sleep
"i so need to shower, get dressed, find lunch, find new lip jewelry, and then who knows any ideas?"
another night at the movies  i missed <propfemale> today  i will just have to stalk her at work tomorrow 
i feel like poop
this drive sucks in wv
oh ky you are so long
home!
i just woke up now what?
gona go to walmart soon woot   
"for today i get to have the car washed, got to walmart yet another time, and clean clean clean      ugh!"
workin on the wake up    cleaning????
will the cleanin ever end      oh of course not!
snowing
i love snow  love  its nice out today 
watching stereotypist movie at there best  ahh childrens christmas movies 
"what to do     what to do    what to do???? cleaning    no, dishes     no, watch movies     no, any i deas?"
layin on the sofa watchin movies gah 
chili yum
getting aggravated another day no call  ugh i just wanna get this over with 
"skype for the rest of the night, while listing to music     "
soon enough he will be home 
"getting dressed, doing my hair and make up, waiting for a phone call "
super bored waiting for a phone call      i want this to go faster damn it  lol
i have an hour left before i leave for the airport     what to do what to do oh what to do???
day 1
getting ready to go out and get things done 
midnight run to walmart? looks like it just might be lol 
blood <propfemale>
ok so i am up but <propfirst> is not  ugh what to do what to do what to do??
mmmm milk shake
getting dressed then doing something who know?
making holiday liquor balls and cleaning up ugh my house went from ok to disaster 
<propfirst> is being creepy standing behind me     
going out for a few
"i have an army <propmale>, yay ghost shrimps    "
clean up       then more backing     
"i am already cooking ugh  ok so i need to go shower     <propfirst> is apparently on strike, he just does not want to get up  i have no idea why i never asked him to get up  marry christmas "
getting dressed then going out then who knows
"walked the dogs now gona go do some laundry bbl, oh and my pea soup is so on "
the <propfemale> army strikes again
"what damage can be done while making jello shorts      getting ready for a new year, done the right way "
"we have made over a 100 jello shots, and have other things to drink what a night today will be "
cable confuses me     
next week i shall finally have cable    
i can not get to sleep!!!! i am super angry!!!!!
"confused     now angry, and hungry     leave me alone"
try to sleep i think to but doubt it will happen
wow    thats all
man this is a big box     
will i ever sleep?
sleep escapes me once again     i have to be up by noon and i am still not even tired         whats wrong with me?
cable i think yes 
the first good point in 2 days is that my grandmother finally got a job yay for her! no why cant i shake this evil feeling 
i dont feel good still!
bah!
finishing zombieland then trying to go to bed       ugh i shall never get to sleep
"another day more boredom and tacos later, why do i want tacos so much?"
oj and cookies wow i have problems well sleep finally i think i can do it lol 
"who's crazy who needs sleep       definitely not me  i haven't slept yet, i am never taking 5 hour energy again  i am going to try and sleep if it shall happen it be amazing text me"
bills paid    now what? i feel like i am forgetting something?
just woke up
so just about 24hours no sleep     bahhh
laundry in about a hour then out and about for the rest of the day oh what fun all with puppies in toe    oh    did i mention my house is completely clean its amazing 
angry emails 
if you could get any reasonable car suv what would it be????
in a sea of online metal 
"ok so i think i have some real issues going on, i just laid down with stetson and diesel and asked them not to eat me when i die  all i got back from them was stetson covering my mouth while diesel stepped on me and licked my forehead     does that mean shut up????"
i got a new car!!!!
shower then taking picture of the  murano  for <propfirst>
"morning, shower, food, phone calls, office, emails, printing out papers and getting a move on with finishing off this paper work "
"bed soon, back to the dealership in the am "
who needs stuffed animals when you have two living creatures so sleep with 
so i am thinking a trip back home in april or may? that should give me enough time to save for the gas  opinions?
"bed, what a day "
nap till my food comes 
listing to the rain    
time to pick up and start in on dinner 
another dinner made another day done
i hate these dogs 
goodnight     well hopefully 
oh yay! for tornadoes!!!!! cleaning the toilet      not that i really wanna do it    
what a <propmale> tastic day today is   
so fucking angry !!!
"new car yet i had to buy an air freshener for it, why you ask? because my dogs made it stink they both stink like bad bad bad bad feet nasty dogs who's getting a bath later!?"
if these dogs bark one more time i am going to lock them away  i just wanna sleep
watching <propmale> potter #6 then sleeping
"money who loves it, not me"
the word of the day is - nonchalant
"just took one of my lip rings out, i am going to let it heal and do it again the man who did that screwed it up, its not supposed to still be all agitated by now  ugh"
wonderful end to a wonderful fucking day 
"picking up and ordering somthing to eat for now ugh, not in the moood "
time turns so slowly 
"in·com·pe·tent  –adjective\1 not competent; lacking qualification or ability; incapable: an incompetent candidate \2 characterized by or showing incompetence: his incompetent acting ruined the play \3 law  a being unable or legally unqualified to perform specified acts or to be held legally responsible for such acts \b inadmissible, as evidence "
"sleep will never come, still up watching movies in bed "
goodnight
tomorrow by 3pm (tn time ppl for my new england ppl thats 4pm) i shall have a new cell phone yes!!! ----------- it will be the same number  --------------
my phones have arrived!!!! however i have to go to the store to take care of a few things     waiting for food then off i go 
i love my new phone now i when is the phone cover coming i order i want it now!
"night i don't feel well, hopefully tomorrow will bring better feelings"
think <propfemale> epling should talk to her more      because she has not idea what happening up there anymore 
i just sneezed right in diesels face ew!!!
if i snez one more time i am going to die 
chocolate pudding and cool whip
lets play a game called name my truck    
sleep? just maybe   
"done with skype, gona watch tv till 4 in the morning then who knows what sleep shall never come "
"word of today is fugacious, does anyone know the definition? i do "
"i cant get to sleep, at this point why bother tho      ugh"
<propmale> dougie <propmale> is watching how to lose a guy in 10 days       can we say homo    
can't sleep something doesn't feel right      but what?
"nothing is working out right, i feel bad now, now i am going to sleep     but shall i ever get to sleep probably not "
i wish my damn debit card would come so i could maybe get out of this house
i hate when someone asks me to choose something when there the one who really cares about it not me 
finally  i am laying down to sleep yet    i still don't feel the need to sleep 
<propmale> dougie <propmale> is the cake 
i never wanna do this again      but of coarse i will
done with my project who says you can make hair extensions at home and put them in     not me    
i just shredded 5 years of my life hmm     
my mind hurts  i need to stop thinking 
texas
tryin to sleep finally my power nap of an hour is gone
i am going to wash the dogs in a moment they are super smelly  then eat dinner and lay in bed watch some movies 
i still cant sleep    
"i just woke up after nine hours of sleep, stetson is on the same pillow as me like hers a person goober dog, waking up then doing the dishes    "
i now know what to make a perfect pizza and the secret is don't add onions    
i want a cantaloupe
finally tired enough to sleep going to take a nap super angry 
i dont feel good 
finlay  going to sleep i feel ready 
"forget going to bed, taking diesel to the vets in a little while   "
"i have been up since 5-6pm yesterday, i have been to the vets and come home and the shit storm keeps coming  going to eat and hopefully maybe sleep  so much for cleaning today "
bills bills bills
out of all the times the dogs don't even come near me diesel had to bite me because he wants in the blanket too  i was sleeping so good  still tired going to sleep again 
i wanna get my pricing today 
bored text me 978 914 1023
thunder 
its cold today
im so stuffy and my eyes wont stop watering merr
"just woke up, gonna go get lunch "
layin in bed
what a way to start off my day 
i am so damn angry for no damn reason what the hell!!!!!
i guess i have to do laundry today bah
laundry attack
home laundry is done now what?
food sleep repeat
shower then i have no idea what blah
bored    what to do?
went for a walk with the dogs now they dont wanna move
"i am honestly this lame its sat night and i am gonna go to bed, because i am a loner loser and soon to be recluse and i am not talkin bout turnin into a spider "
bed now
shower then on my way for get nos and foods
the sky is littered with bursts of light and a crush rawr    
"severe thunderstorm warning, flood watch, tornado warning, tornado watch, flood watch, wind advisory, and don't forget flash flood watch       its the end "
i gotta run to walmart
how many needles can you feel over three hours?
super sore waiting for this epically slow download to finish
frustration
why do i always seem to lose my pants i want to ware in my own house damn this place     
"i am fuckin cold, i have to put on a heavy sweater thats gonna annoy  my shoulders  i am gonna go swear in the corner now "
