f72f27c4ce9cd29683ae20ac429fb0e8
"dear study guides, thanks for ruining my day, i officially hate you!"
allisons over  smile  layin in bed creepin
19 days till arizona  smile 
17 days till arizona  smile 
15 days till arizona  smile 
14 days till arizona  smile 
"goodbye ankeny, hello arizona  smile "
going to dinner at old town tortilla factory smile  no clue what it is but should be good!
pool is calling my name smile 
home smile 
"don't text me, don't call me, don't message me, don't chat me, don't im me, don't leave me a voicemail  i do not want to talk to you!"
 smile 
"'cause i don't know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and drag me headfirst, fearless  smile "
done with cheer tryouts smile !
texas  love 
i love you texas  love 
2 hour nerf gun war with the cousins smile  haha
"as we go on, we remember, all the times we, had together, and as our lives change, from whatever, we will still be, friends forever love "
"don't let someone become your everything, because when they walk out, you have nothing"
hates homework with a passion!
tylenol cold drousy = my best friend smile 
stay strong and believe in yourself smile  i love you shannon! smile 
so i love it when i fall asleep outside   ha
"\in your anger do not sin; do not let the sun go down while you are still angry   \"" ephesians 5:26"""
hates study guides with a passion!!!
laying out smile 
everybody needs inspiration smile 
going fishing tomorrow smile 
loves it when she forgets to log out so people think you're on all night
dance recitals went great smile 
scratch that    
"in the end everything will be okay, if it's not okay, it's not the end  "
making chocolate covered strawberries with <propfemale> ware smile 
"don't text me, don't call me, don't chat me, don't message me, don't email me, and don't leave me a voicemail "
eclipse premiere smile 
eclipse was amazing smile 
"“having a sister is like having a best friend you can’t get rid of  you know whatever you do, they’ll still be there “"
"is out to eat with mama, dance, and then movie with <propfirst> delaney  smile "
"golfingg with <propfirst> kuehl! ha never golfed, should be interesting  smile "
"schedule   anyone have?\1- geometry: featherstone\2- digital images & photo: zuck\3- chorus: cacciatore\4- p e : isaacson\5- study hall: morris\6- french iii: lund\7- biology: bach\8- english 10 western civ: asmussen\advisement- hill"
chicaaago sooon  smile 
home at last!
has 2nd lunch? who does that?!!
locker 1446 and 2nd lunch?
dancin at the fair smile 
farm  love 
23 minutes in hell   read it
"is homework, i hate you with a passion!"
hawkeyes  love 
so definatley not looking forward to school tomorrow   last night was fun haha love homecoming group bonding  smile 
isu uni game   go panthers smile 
cedar falls here we come smile  party time!!
i like it on the stairs
sometimes being completley disconnected from someone makes you appreciate them even more   
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still         fighting it!! ?"
"people make mistakes, its what makes us human  we do things we regret but nobody is perfect, nor will anyone ever be  the best thing we can do is learn from our mistakes, and let them make us a better person  time heas all wounds, and piece by piece, the trust will come together again  god forgives  smile "
"a man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried    in a tomb   , yet he lives today  repost if you believe this in your heart! amen !!!"
"and i hope you find it, what you're looking for, and i hope it's everything you dreamed your life could be and so much more  and i hope you're happy, wherever you are  i wanted you to know that, and nothing's gonna change that, and i hope you find it   "
"\nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy  remember that \"" \",f72f27c4ce9cd29683ae20ac429fb0e8,"ive never seen so many people on facebook in my life, sucks to be a freshman and younger smile "
"don't take life too seriously, nobody makes it out alive anyways  smile "
is thankful smile  i am blessed smile 
stressed beyond belief!
love life and life will love you back  love 
you just can't put an age limit on fun smile  love my family  love 
another pirates of the caribbean movie   yep my life's complete  smile 
going to <propfirst>'s to play cod  smile 
foood = love  love 
"\i hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean  whenever one door closes i hope one more opens  promise me that you'll give faith a fighting <propmale>  and when you get the choice to sit it out or dance  i hope you dance   i hope you dance  love \"""""
forgiveness is not accepting the past; forgiveness is giving up hope that the past could be any different
loves hockey  love 
hates projects! visual media and commercials are overrated!
grounded on a saturday night = watchin sleeping beauty and doing homework    awesome
words with friends is so addicting!
storms smile 
great job va smile  you're still #1 to me!
prom smile 
