867830e4ac367bc9791ee8481a0d9f26
"hehe, went to the <propmale> vs  duncanville came  our fans can get ghetto, even the old white people! lol  can't wait for <propmale> game  working 5-12 tonight  and, oh yeah, got my car taken away for a week  go me   smile "
sick and tierd  have work tomorrow at 12  blegh 
"is blah, just hanging out and playing with my cat    who's getting kinda pissed   laugh "
can't go back to sleep! x_x
got my ap scores  i'm pleased   smile 
happy 4th of july guys   smile  need to get car waaashedd~ 
works 2-11pm  blegh   playful 
wants ice cream   surprise 
is tierd  actually feeling    nerdy   surprise '
has work today until 10  hope i get off early  payday~!  smile )
had an epic dream last night  kinda nightmare-ish    woah   surprise  but got coffee now   laugh 
<propfemale> cansada  working out with <propfemale> now   smile 
good night world!
just finished at gym  no work today   smile ]]
is extremely bored   
one side of my throat hurts when i swallow  d:
"got ap scores in the mail today, so you guys should get them soon!!!  smile ]]"
going to the dentist tomorrow    to shadow   surprise  she wants me to get a feel for the dental-side of med school   smile 
"going to midnight showing of <propmale> potter with <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfirst>   laugh "
"is sore from kickboxing  lol   smile  going to ihop then the hp movie with <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfirst>  going to be helluva good time   laugh "
is still awake   surprise  going to bed now though  had a good night at work   laugh 
observing dentist from 7am-1pm tomorrow  blegh    that's early   laugh 
going shopping soon!  smile  bored    be social with me for a bit? [=
just realized she has wasted most of the day away   
can make a pretty kick butt strawberry-banana smoothie   smile ]
good night world! work tomorrow   smile  and payday~!
is still awake    wtf? oh well  work tomorrow   wink 
got off of work super early   smile  can't wait until bffs come in from out of town  lol
"for a couple of months, actually  lol"
feels like singing  i love looking at happy pictures of myself     smile 
spending the night at josie-posie's tonight  no work today! woo hoo!  smile ] good day 
is so tired right now  is now clean and sleeping until work tomorrow  lol   smile 
"isn't a playa'-hater   but those wannabe players, omg  can i just throttle you right now? blegh    on a lighter note, i'm off work now and won't have to again until wensday   laugh "
<propfemale>    < <  laugh 
is sooooo chilling today   smile 
just had a wonderful breakfast with a wonderful pappy   smile 
why am i awake?!?!
going to work until 10 tonight   smile 
feels crummy  dang mothers who won't leave me alone! d:
"is of to see the wizard!    ok, the gym instead   smile "
movie day night!  laugh 
omg!!!!! i hate dysfunctional families  ><' especially getting involved in issues that don't  involve  me 
just got a runner's high!  laugh 
working from 3-9 tonight   smile 
got a counterfeit 20 dollar <propmale> at work  d: had to pay for it    but i got the b*%@$'s license plate number   smile 
wants school to start for only a week or two now  then back to summer!  annoyed 
off to <propmale> for 3 days   laugh  bye guys!
when your teacher doesn't accept your friend request when they're friends with tons of other students    do they really hate you that much??? lmfao  silly 
is considering finishing up her summer reading   
<propfemale> blah 
is happy to have great friends and looking forward to life in the next few months   laugh 
"has laptop and schedule  couple of things messed up, and keyboard is wayyyyy small, but at least i'm ready for monday   playful "
if i have to choose    regular economy (vs  ap)  or english 5?
"gack, i meant ap economy or english 5 "
"has no sound on her laptop  d: oh well  only the headphones work, not the fn-button for the sounds or the speakers "
can't find my phone charger! d:
is going to have a great day with the girls   smile ]
"is ready for school to start! ugh! ready to see everyone and get schedule fixed  in a couple of weeks, sure, we can go back to a long break   smile ]"
just got off work  still trying to decide what to do tonight   smile 
loves mango iced tea   smile ] having a movie night alone with my cat  exciting  txt it!
is still smelling perfume she put on at least 4 hours ago!!! i need to get it   laugh 
"is verrrry bored  d: about to read 400 pages of great e playful ectations, due monday   annoyed  not going to happen, probably  do something tonight??"
"watched 17 again earlier    got me thinking    what ends up happening to jerks later in life? if they're still jerks after high school, are they likely to stay jerks or change? do they ever find love? what do they think about in their last days???    dang, need to finish great e playful ectations   annoyed "
sen10r!!!  laugh 
goodnight guys  can't believe we're sen10rs!!!!!  smile ]]
is actually doing her homework   surprise  this is a first 
"is actually on top of her homework!!! finished all math homework due this week, read more of great e playful ectations than most people in the class, and got home from work with nothing needed to be done!!! hope this lasts for a while   smile "
has the topics for her college application essays ready for next weekend  staying on top of things this year so far!!!
ready to go to benihana's tonight!!!  laugh 
"should attempt to get some sleep, like now, but whatever   smile  i'm going to try to sleep in a little tomorrow  good thing tomorrow's payday!  smile ]]"
"can't believe mit only accepts 1,000 freshman! still applying though   smile ] i mean, why not?"
"had breakfast, now sitting down to go through countless college essays and applications  >< wish me luck!!!"
"deciding to relax tonight after doing college stuff, although 2 calculus assignments arn't what i consider relaxing   playful "
is off to carrolton to get some music   laugh 
has 11 days to perfect 4 different pieces of music    hopefully i'll still make all-state just because i'm awesome   laugh  practice practice practice!!!
work today   smile 
"is sick, and has a choir audition tomorrow  d: hope i make it through to the next round!"
tmea audition today!!! so nervous since my throat is still sore and i'm coughing! d: wish me luck!
"did horrible on her audition  d: aced the sightreading, but the music was bad  damn my being sick!!!"
is ready for tomorrow   smile 
doesn't like long calculus homework assignments   troubled 
pissed and tired  we sang good at the choir concert though   smile 
blahm   smile  math sucks  but at least i was able to sweet talk my dad into bring me home sushi! so awesome being the only daughter   smile ]  love  love my daddy!
going to breakfast then school  fun day   playful 
"just got a packet from harvard! has a 3 <propfemale> letter, a brochure with all the stuff they have, and an application   smile ]"
"is relaxing, trying not to worry about sat tomorrow and working afterwards  blegh   smile "
"hates our related rates project  > > made a problem and solved it    only to realize it had nothing to do with related rates and i used physics equations  great job, nerd-o  *sigh*"
"attempting to finish college essays  eh, not going to happen tonight  going to the gym then to enjoy the fact i have no homework!!!  smile ] going to smu tomorrow!  laugh "
"hates realizing that she's just wasted 2 5 hours staring at random stuff    facebook, old yearbooks, really old magazines    what the heck??"
"is getting anxious, yet relieved, that her college application process is almost complete  o:"
going to have a good day  feeling very musical!  laugh  la-la-laaaa!
"wants the weekend to hurry up and come! even though the act is saturday, i'll have all my mit stuff done, most of my other college stuff done, and i can sleeeeeeeeep   smile  so maybe i'm lazy  i'll accept it right now   laugh "
has finished another college application  3 6 completely done and finalized!
"is sitting in choir, just realized she forgot a bunch of homework  mit interview today!!!  smile ]]"
"opens tomorrow morning    gotta wait until next saturday to sleep in for once, i guess! need money though    badly "
loves lazy days   smile 
is kinda sad she's single  don't know why this suddenly hit me   surprise 
"\ it is those who show us imperceptibly who we are not that mold us into who we become \"" - me """
"i love mornings  looking out and seeing that it's still dark is peaceful to me  now, actually waking up    that's completely different   laugh "
is on facebook at school   laugh  tonight's macarthur's senior night for volleyball  everyone should come   smile 
who's has skype??
my left eye is bothering me   surprise   not  cool 
has just finished her application to mit   annoyed  feels wierd for it to be finally done   
is actually working on her research paper   surprise  planning on kicking this project's ass through awesomeness   laugh 
getting ready to sit down and finally finish this freakin' report   troubled 
"very, very, very tired today, but my body doesn't want to take a nap   surprise  i'm more hopeful today   smile "
has a christmas choir concert tomorrow at 7 at calvery church! you guys should try to come   smile 
no one has uploaded any of the choir concert pics yet?? sad day  d:
"just learned that she doesn't have to wait until dec  15, but dec  16! and not wait until 12 surprise 1am dec  16, but at 8 surprise 0pm dec  16  omg  i hate waiting for college decisions   troubled "
can't believe it's only tuesday  felt like tuesday yesterday   troubled 
feels good at the world   smile 
"forgot how violent, sexual, religous and pro-smoking old cartoons, disney, and kid movies were   surprise  i love it!  laugh d"
"thinks it's very ironic when stuff is \sealed for your protection\"" but you get hurt trying to undo the seal  >_>' time for some sleep  long day tomorrow """
as harvard interview today   annoyed  i'm excited though 
"is like \woo hoo!\"""""
jazz thing today   smile  i love being fed  and singing  not necessarily in that order   laugh 
"tomorrow is going to be awesome   smile  day is filled with fun activities: parties, food, watching our rap video, food, shopping, sleeping, break from school, awesomeness  and food   love 3 see everyone tomorrow!"
"tonight's going to be amazing with cookies, gifts, dinner and friends   smile "
singing at church today  then the rest of the day should be chill  yuhhhhhh   smile 
"hehe, a white christmas  going to grandma's house later tonight, just opened gifts from family and <propfemale>  brothers are playing in the snow, and i'm watching them act like id-    brothers   smile "
"so <propfirst> truely believes that our mom can read minds, and is freaking out, shouting \what am i thinking about now??\"""""
"thinks her interview went well, even with me leaving my resume in the printer  doh! picked up a shift for tonight, so working from 4-??  not past ten, thankfully  ringing in the new year with mi familia   smile "
off to mi escuela! trying to keep the happiness and bliss going as long as i can  duration: approx  until 1st period   
yay cowboys!  smile 
"will probably do horrible on her music theory exam tomorrow  =x oh well  really tierd right now, don't know why  don't care about studying right now "
loves 4-day weekends   smile 
"blegh, off to do sat, but tonight will be fun   smile "
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday   laugh  and thank god for allowing me to breathe for 18 years and counting!
"\got oxygen?\"" -- love it   smile """
"is tierd   surprise  darn you, mondays!!!"
this weekend went by too fast  d: at least it will be tuesday when it feels like monday!  smile ]
"attempting to learn guitar   smile  after 45 minutes, i am confident in my cm chord abilities   laugh "
loves hanging out with her best frand!  smile 
"still wide awake  i'm sure once i start doing something productive, like homework, i'll be dead tired  d:"
"wishes school would just stop  just    take a long, long break  or only skip to the fun days   smile ]"
"crap  one of the worse feelings in the world: having fun all weekend, getting nothing accomplished, thinking about how much sleep you're going to get tonight    then remember at the end you had homework due 1st period tomorrow  mother   "
soccer game was awesome  congrats varsity and <propfemale>!  smile 
"feet ache, knees numb    standing for long periods of time isn't fun  =p at least it's spring break!!!!  laugh dd"
happy pi day!  smile 
"dude, just put on a hoodie i haven't worn in a while    found my starbucks card i thought i lost and $20  freakin'  awesome   laugh "
"i mean    really, texas??"
"is still awake  lots of random stuff on my mind, and pages of homework still left undone   "
is procrastinating    yet again 
"man, i've resorted to looking of pictures of someone i haven't seen in years    and then looking through pictures of someone tagged that i also have not seen and wondered \    how the hell do these two know each other???\"" probably should give up the homework and go to bed   """
getting up at 5 smile 0am is not good   troubled  having work and going to bed at 11 smile 0 the night before isn't good either 
love hanging out with my best frands   smile  excited for tonight!
"worse feeling = thinking you look great, then realizing later from someone else you look disgusting   "
anyone know how to e playful ort a freakin scrolling banner so that you can use it in dream weaver?  annoyed \
nevermind   smile  can't wait for this week to be over already!
i'm ready for another week off from school  d: senioritis is horrid 
please let college come sooner!!!!!!!!
"had a great performance at uil  got 1-2-2's in both concert and sightreading, not bad at all   smile  sooo glad tomorrow's friday  bring on the weekend!"
"had a pretty kick ass weekend, if i do say so myself   smile  lots done, time was spent with church, best frands and family  i'm now attempting to psych myself up for this week  where's taks when you need it??"
it sucks when you can't go to sleep    worse when you know you have to get up at 7 the next morning  d:
bus leaves in 7 hours  yay  at least we're missing school   laugh 
can't we just have one more day of weekend?? please??
i bet it would be nice to have summers after you're done with school and doing other jobs 
"y'know, it's amazing how utterly and amazingly retarded and lame some people are "
never fall asleep while watching avatar  had some freaky dreams   surprise 
life is pretty freakin awesome right now   smile 
"can't sleep  d: i swear i'm turning into an insomiac  and this time i didn't drink any coffee or a monster, honest!"
"actually enjoyed choir rehersal tonight   surprise  perhaps because i haven't sang in 2 weeks due to taks and ap testing, but i'm really excited for our concert tomorrow at <propmale> at 7 surprise 0   smile  it's a tribute to <propfirst> <propmale> "
"oh, graduation, why must you be so close, yet very, very, veerrrrrry far away?? d:"
prompromprompromprompromprom   smile ]
so sad the dj is lame  hopefully afterprom is awesome   laugh 
"after finally finishing my website (late) for mr  thompson, i think i am offically done with school work for high school   smile "
"some people are way too full of themselves  don't act like your better than someone when you haven't even had a full conversation with them  don't decide your problems are bigger than everyone else's halfway through their sentence  just, stop  the world will come crashing down on you soon enough "
"just finished making tres leches cake for choir tomorrow   smile  looks really good, better than last year for spanish  lol "
it doesn't feel like summer  at all  the past few days: yes  now? i dunno 
"choir people: anyone have pictures from concerts, class or anything? trying to have a photo album of high school and realize i have no pictures whatsoever! i know my jazz people should have some   smile "
"yay, biking, then breakfast, then board games, then swimming  loving today   smile  and no work!  laugh "
"come on, orientation! come on, paychecks! come on, moving out!     but thank god it's summer   smile "
could really really really really use a full back massage 
"so on my way home, i see this flashing light about 8 feet off the ground and long legs moving underneath it  i'm freaking out in my car, thinking bigfoot has finally attacked <propmale>, when in fact turns out it was a guy wearing a light on his head, riding a horse at midnight down my street! i don't even know where one would keep a horse in my neighborhood   surprise "
"been off of soda for 5 days, somehow no caffeine withdrawl symptoms, wierd considering i haven't been drinking tea or coffee or anything   surprise  hope the worst is not yet to come   "
retail therapy = very good thing   smile 
does anyone know of any scholarships i can still apply for this late?
"god, sometimes i wish we could move into dorms a few weeks early    just to get away from annoying family  =p"
some people are probably never going to outgrow high school   annoyed \
cleaning one's room is not much fun   annoyed \
"as i read the girl with the dragon tattoo, i can't help but think of wuthering heights as well  d:"
"at the wisconsin state fair, they've introduced the krispy kreme cheeseburger: a beef <propfemale> with two slices of cheese    between 2 krispy kreme doughnuts  gross   smile  then again, we have fried coke and fried twinkies  =p"
no more sonic! now it's time to finally attempt packing   
wednesday needs to hurry up and come on!!!
"hangers are stupid when trying to pack them  always getting tangled up in themselves, taking up so much more room than they need to  d: packing is almost done, though!"
finally finished up unpacking my stuff in my dorm  too bad we're all leaving tomorrow morning to an off-campus retreat camp thing for 3 days    pony up!  smile 
rockin' the 9am class today  just a warm-up for my 8am tomorrow i guess  happy first day everyone!  laugh 
the weather is perfect!!!
"glad she had a really great time tonight with her small group  much more than i was e playful ecting  btw, we owned at janga   smile "
"college choir - thousands of times better than high school  no duh  boulevarding at smu - thousands of times better than any other college tailgating  again, no duh   smile  i'm excited for tomorrow  smu dat's waz up!"
i hate english papers  especically when they're due in less than 24 hours  wonder how well this will go   troubled 
life desk work is slowly getting organized  hopefully this will make the rest of this week bareable (this is if i can get all the stuff due tomorrow completed tonight after engineering meeting one28   playful )
"haha, both my high school and my college are playing their rivals tonight  good luck <propmale>! and fry the frogs smu! touchdown mustangs!  laugh "
is really relieved to hear everyone is ok  god bless those down at ut 
"i like it on the floor, right inside the front door   smile "
i'm excited about straight no chaser coming tonight   smile 
unfortunantly just lost the game for the first time in months  sorry guys  ;p
why does it sound like everyone is having drama right now? lord have mercy   
"praying for those at a&m  god, first ut, now this??"
how is it already friday?  smile )
"of course, my highlight of the night was not singing at the concert, but afterwards hearing two people singing <propmale> <propmale>; i joined in and we harmonized  love college choir   smile "
"the pressure makes us stronger; the struggle makes us hunger  the hard lessons make the difference, and the difference makes it worth it "
"lets see if these 18 years of procrastinating have paid off    6-8 <propfemale> report due wednesday, haven't started  challenge accepted "
"went beast-mode on my chemistry final   smile  1 down, 4 more to go!"
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!
and to think i was wearing shorts yesterday   
extractions are painful  x_o thank goodness for painkillers!
thanks everyone for the happy b-days!!!
picnic!!!  smile 
"to set or not to set my alarm tomorrow    have an 8am, get an email by 6am if school is closed    but dang, will half the kids be here regardless?"
all dfw school districts and colleges are cancelled tomorrow    except smu  all of the sidewalks and roads are literally covered with at least an inch of solid ice    why?
going to the grocery store after 5 days of ice on super bowl weekend? mission accepted 
