e2dc8adf75dd2625b0127fbe2e8ce512
has a job again next year! yeah!!!
roooolllllll tide roll!!!!  anyone need gator bait for fishing today on this glorious sunday  smile 
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!
"loving having the break off from work, and now that i've done everything on my \to do list\"" i am going to just do nothing!!!  smile """
"i had a half day today, and now tomorrow off too     the winter break continues  smile "
"not a fan of cold and wet days     oh well, guess i get to finish my book  smile "
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment
loving the who?????  smile  great half time show!
excited about my three day weekend!
i'm in shock on recent events   pray for all the family and friends of the victims of the uah shooting 
"i just cut 9 inches off my hair   donating it to a good cause!  i think i'm in shock right now   but, i do love it, so hopefully it won't leave me in too much of a shock!"
"to my non-game-playing friends: i play games that generate a lot of posts  this can be irritating if you don't play  if you don't want to see these, move your cursor to the right side of the post or message and the word \hide\"" will appear  click on \""hide\"" and then \""click the game name\""     not me     and future message   s from that game will be hidden on your news feed!--thanks <propfemale>!"""
trying to get taxes done    so frustrating!
"doing great! glad you hear you are doing so wonderfully! hey when's the wedding? i forgot what you had mentioned! we think about you lots   just let me know when you're in town   i would love to play! miss you, too  sad "
let the fun begin    leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
confused? why does life have to be so difficult   can't it just be easy for one day?!?!
thank goodness it is spring break  smile  just wish it was a little warmer!
thank goodness it is spring break  smile  just wish it was a little warmer!
thought it was supposed to be spring?
lovin' life and so thankful it is spring!!!
thank goodness sat testing is done    why doesn't anyone understand   they're just kids!!! we will have a loooong recess tomorrow to celebrate  smile 
i love spending time with family and friends   always puts a big smile on my face   smile 
"happy mother's day to all the lovely mothers i know, and of course my favorite mom of all    mine  smile "
"why is it, right when things are going great    it is the calming before the storm?!?!"
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!! it was a fantastic one! i won my first ever basket and quite a few other things during a raffle at a tourney  smile  it was my lucky day!!! one of my best birthdays yet!
"three days left for the kids and then \school's out for summer\""       smile """
excited about a wedding tonight!!! i love a reason to get dressed up  smile 
got some rainy golf in huntsville at the rocket city blast   bring it on  smile 
"one more day of clean-up at work, and \school's out for summer!\""  smile """
school is officially out    see you all in august  smile 
sunday ladies league will be at indian creek in <propfemale> at 2pm   due to the fact that mastin lake is closed for damaged trees   we are thinking about going to eat for <propfemale>'s birthday before hand   let me know if you are interested!!!
"had a fantastic sunday will disc golf friends, margaritas, and golf!!! what a blast!"
"i hope that ref feels like an @$$ when he looks back on his call   us did what they had to do to come back, and they were robbed!!!! i am still pacing around with frustration!"
seriously loves sirius radio   channel 17  smile  how did i ever live without live radio   widespread panic at red rocks in colorado live show    check it out!
"is excited about the world cup games this weekend    buuuut, i am going to be lost without daily soccer  sad "
"attention ladies league  smile   we are going to playing at 9 at <propmale> sano on sunday    due to the world cup finals sunday afternoon  smile  so, if you would like to join us we'll see ya soon   oh, and i think we might play doubles   we'll just see who shows up!"
it's world cup finals time    where are you watching it?  i'm soooo excited!!!
"rain, rain go away     i wanted to play some golf today  sad "
packed and ready to play some golf in mobile this weekend!!! leaving tomorrow morning     can't wait!!!
starts back school in a little over a week      sad   where's the disklike button when you need it!!!
"reposted~ <propfirst> northup attention!!!***donot accept a friend request from a <propfirst> butterfield and jennifer\<propfemale> smith they are hackers  tell every 1 on your list because if \somebody on your list adds him, he'll be on yourlist too  he'll figure \out your computer's id and address, so copy & paste       this \   message to ever      yone even if you don't care for them because if he hacks them, he hacks you"
"had the best time at my family reunion this weekend creating memories, eating delicious food, and listening to my very talented cousins play some fantastic music!!! i wish we could get everyone together more than once a year!"
is sooooo excited about spending time with the girls today  smile  starting off at the shrimpfest and then headed to a birthday party for one of the greatest ladies in the world!!! this is going to be a wonderful day!!!
back to school!!! good luck to all the teachers and students!
is it friday yet????
can't stop thinking about true blood tonight    it still has my head spinning!
sitting at huntsville hospital waiting to find out if zach has something seriousb but let's pray not!
it has been a long week! so glad it's friday!
"won an hour massage at the kid's e playful o (thanks for taking me stef), and now i'm getting ready to go <propfemale>'s wedding    it is going to be a blast  smile  this day just couldn't get any better    or could it  wink "
is thinking fall break was created for the teachers not the students    9 straight days off   bring it on!!!
i like it on the dining room table 
is really excited about this weekend! it is going to be a fantastic end to my fall break!!!
is thinking volunteering for the dunking booth at my school's fall festival    is a crazy idea   the plus is lots of students are raiding their piggy banks for a shot at me    lots of money for our school  smile   wish me luck!!!
it's that time of the year again   scary movie marathons   i have never been a scary movie fan (i'm a weenie)   some are really good and some are just plain cheesy  i want to know   what is the best scary movie you have ever seen?
i am so proud of my third graders! they have a two <propfemale> article in the huntsville times education section today  smile  it was such a fantastic and well written article about my kids  our future leaders  smile  i am so proud!
is so excited about the beautiful golfin' weather this weekend   can't wait!!!
"enjoyed the afternoon off sitting by the fire curled up with my two favorite pups, and a cup of coffee to top it off!!!"
"tough girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, and <propfemale> girls come from california, but we southern gals have fire & ice in our blood! we can be a <propfemale>, throw a left hook, love football, pack heat, <propfemale> with the boys, bake a cake, love with passion    and if we have an opinion - you know you're gonna hear it!! re-post    if you're a southern girl!!!"
milk  check  eggs   check   bread   check   eggnog brandy   double check   bring on the snow and the possibility of two days off  smile 
"snow, snow, snow, snow          lots of snow!!! i'm in heaven!"
enjoying snow cream by the fire waiting for some football!  roll ducks roll!!!
off work again tomorrow     can you say cabin fever!!!
antionce dodson on tosh 0 comedy central  hilarious!!!!
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates     1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11 11      now go figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it will equal to 111  re-posted from someone else' status  kinda weird   "
felt like a kid again today!  i went to the monster truck show today with two of my favorite friends     we had a blast!  still worrying about the guys on the motor bikes doing their insane tricks    and i mean insane      my palms are sweaty just thinking about it!
"if your mom is a hard working woman and is your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were and is just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one mom  i love you <propfirst> zurowski!"
had one of her worse days ever!  definitely changed my perspective on a few things     
"cousins are the 1st friends of our lives     when you grow up, they are still your friends      re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the\world!!! they may not be a part of your daily life, but they are never\far from your thoughts and memories!!"
"off again today!  i'm going to enjoy the time off, and deal with the frustration of going to school until june    when may hits  smile "
"tonight is the yearly talent show for my school, and i am crazy enough to agree to participate   even though i have no talents   my kids think i'm funny, so i will be doing a \g-rated\"" comedy bit      oh my this is going to be interesting!!!"""
"a wise old man once said-there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living ~ re-post if you agree"
ugh!  i'm sick again!  third time this year     i've been lucky not to get sick the last few years     making up for lost time  sad 
