c8823eb9a495ec811d4a456305c65eef
happy new year 
"so    that pale ale that i thought was completely un-redeemable has turned one year old - and is now an incredible, oaky brown ale with hints of apple    just goes to show that age can cure nearly any brew of its failings "
is of mixed feelings 
"today, solidarity for our brothers and sisters in iran  we are all green, today "
wear green tomorrow in solidarity with iran  pass it on 
is praying for iran  wear green tomorrow 
if i can do some good i want to do it if i have a choice i want to make it it's my human responsibility that life lives selfishness gives and death becomes natural  <br> so you can stay cool behind your window and choose the view you want to see but as lo
"\so you can stay cool behind your window and choose the view you want to see but as long as there are others held captive do not consider yourself free \"""""
iran's ongoing revolution has messed up my sleep schedule even worse 
needs to start sleeping more human hours 
"our dried voices when we whisper together are quiet and meaningless, as wind in dry grass "
has heard you are somewhat fond of a certain water earth type pokemon 
slippy is dead    all because you wouldn't do a barrel-roll  you bastard!
"fuck you, gods of sleep!!!!"
shape no can has form no can has collar kitteh no can move cheezburger has no flavor
would be quite appreciative if someone could convince the corvid at his door to discontinue its hip-hop stylings 
occasionally finds himself utterly confused by his own species 
"is out on mental vacation for a week  if you need me, call me  otherwise, i'm not available "
"rip tpb - in the end, money won "
"re; tpb: \look what people do trying to get their money to buy their fantasies based on the book or the movie fortified cares modified principles convenience is the name of the game self-indulgence is the rule (selfish motherfucker) there are no winners  """
"writes things that scare even him, sometimes    what the jeeves, muse?"
"the door can see into your mind, the door can see into your soul!!!"
is writing songs regularly again 
?? ?????? ??? ?? ?????????????? ???? ?????? ????????
finally made a good teriyaki sauce 
you're that passive voice that won't make the choice to win or be set free i'm like passive voice and i'm overjoyed 'cuz i think i finally see
is mildly sick     sad 
really shouldn't convince himself he has writer's block when he does not 
i'm a dinosaur! raaaaaawwwrrr!
isn't it sad you don't have to look far  to find the person who left the deepest scar  isn't it sad that as long as i live i am the person i can't forgive 
ascension 
"has found the end of the soil layer, and discovered that the local trees are fine with bedrock  <propfemale> sigh "
praise caine!!!     that is all   
is feeling cynical 
"would like mr  sinatra to cease haunting his song writing sessions, at least for the nonce "
did not like the new <propmale> potter 
fought the wasp and the wasp won 
has a fever 
sleep? what's that?
"wants to go see sounders fc v  fc barcelona, but is not made of the sort of money he would need     sad "
us open cup semis have been good so far    go sounders!!!
"what a student of the occult suspects: you know that they (magi) hold themselves responsible for many creations of mankind, like dirigibles and lightbulbs "
is obama growing a beard??
shall not steal    if there is a direct victim   laugh 
shall not worship pop idols or follow lost prophets 
oppose ref  71! do not let them do in washington what they did in california!
    fail team usa
"testing 1, 2, 3 can anybody hear me? if i shed the irony would everybody cheer me? if i acted less like me, would i be in the clear, g?"
should really stop being surprised by the fact that the republican party is completely out of touch with reality 
the sun beams down on a brand new day no more welfare tax to pay unsightly slums gone up in flashing light jobless millions whisked away at last we have more room to play all systems go to kill the poor tonight
oh i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts   
is not allowed to sleep    gah   
another half-assed crusade so i can keep myself up with the times 
vacation 
this is the beat that my heart    skipped   
is in arizona    
despises his brothers 
can't sleep   
"has yet to see a cactus, and is quite offended by this fact "
"well, even if it is one of the more    melodramatic talking heads, at least someone is calling the blue dogs what they really are    montana friends, you might as well just vote for a republican next senatorial election: baucus is practically one    "
"opposes insurer-oriented healthcare, and is tired of the crooks and liars on the right who want to sell us the poison pill of unregulated murder-by-spreadsheet  fight back!!"
is so stumped by the stupid of the republican party that he does not know what to say   
"at the end of the day: we won the election, we were prooven factually right again and again, we stood by the values of this nation while the lunatic fringe violated them as they saw fit, so why are the lunatics being allowed to rule? single payer health care now  don't let the liars and lobbyists win this "
"at the end of the day: we won the election, we were prooven factually right again and again, we stood by the values of this nation while the lunatic fringe violated them as they saw fit, so why are the lunatics being allowed to rule? single payer health care now  don't let the lunatics, liars, and lobbyists win this "
"is home, tired "
"we dont have to be afraid to re-invent  we've got to start to build progress and implement  for when we take our fill and never pay the price, we only build ourselves a fleeting, false paradise  you can live in staunch denial, and <propfirst> me as your enemy but i'm just a voice among the throng who want a brighter <propfemale>  - bad religion"
has a new band name    now all he needs is a band   
is waiting for the beat to kick in 
"ive had enough of reading things  by neurotic, psychotic, pig-headed politicians  all i want is the truth  just gimme some truth"
"early to bed and early to rise  precludes you from seeing the most brilliant starry nights   sticks and stones can break bones, words can't really hurt   unless you <propfemale> guns, and are hungry for a fight"
"little <propfirst> horner sits in his corner getting high on all that hateful rhetoric; an eye for an eye with a glass of chateaus coulter and his mp-49 if you lived by the sword, you'd be fine"
"hrc supporters, you were right, i was wrong  i'm sorry "
no mandate without public option 
 sad 
it occurs to me that <propfirst> bush's great failure was that he did not listen to the internet  he should have known that the yellowcake was a lie 
"susa: 77% of americans support public option  so much for the \average joe\"" teabaggers """
"is looking for a copy of tree and leaf by j r r  tolkien, if anyone has an idea where he might find it "
"antelopes, i loff you!!!! come back to me!!!! on second thought, facebook after melatonin may be a very, very bad idea   "
sigh   
sometimes finds himself surprised by how well his kitchen e playful eriments come out:
"i will not buy this record, it is scratched "
<propfirst> bragg and an ipa on a cool summer night  damn near perfect   
"is making chili  also, will be in tacoma wednesday and saturday "
"okay, perhaps i should have added half that many habenjeros   "
"huh    well, it was    interesting  not bad, but i can't feel my nose   "
has to write awkward emails     sad 
"there will be feasting, and dancing in jerusalem next year"
the last kennedy brother is dead  our country is diminished for his loss 
back from tacoma 
the scene ends badly as you might imagine in a cavalcade of anger and fear 
"for a long time, i thought that violence was the answer, but in retrospect, water can solve nearly anything "
oooooooooh!!!! narwhaaaaaaaallll!!!
has anybody here seen my old friend <propmale> 
<propmale> beck may actually be even more crazy than he has appeared in the past to be 
reformers outnumbered teabaggers 2 to 1 at <propfirst> inslee's town-hall today  i managed to avoid shouting anything too rude at the <propfirst> beck fans 
"new idea: neo-romantic, progressive rock band: <propmale>, <propfirst>, and chandler "
sigh    i hope everyone enjoys classes tomorrow  i'm missing school at this point 
god dammit  the bigots got ref  71 on the ballot 
do you ever feel like you're sitting watching a disaster unfold too slowly to fully grasp its scale?
"and i know, i'm gonna miss this guitar "
"narcoleptic poe says: suddenly, there came a napping "
"there's something deeply disturbing about the fact that a psychopath like <propfirst> beck has one viewer, let alone a million "
"wonders why he bothers to study authoritarianism, communism, and totalitarianism when half of <propfemale>'s political leaders lie through their damned teeth about what those things consist of  it's both infuriating and incredibly depressing "
lets go sounders   
sounders win!!!
"\socialism \"" you keep using that word  i do not think it means what you think it means """
i'm genuinely puzzled by these obnoxious acai ads  they seem to have begun engaging in reverse psychology 
"is going out to coach goalkeepers this afternoon  i miss playing soccer  who's up for an intermural soccer team when i get back in the spring, upsers?"
"while a new iphone is state of the <propmale>, soviet realism is the <propmale> of the state "
i am shocked and horrified by the accusations on the internet about <propmale> beck! the things that <propmale>n beck 1990 has said    what horrible accusations!
"no one should die because they cannot afford healthcare  no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one should be tied to a job because of pre-existing condition  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
58% of americans are for the public option as of today  don't let the crazies own the debate 
"<propfirst> harwood: \if people don't want their kids e playful osed to the president telling them to work hard at their studies and stay in school they are just stupid  frankly it makes me worry that they are too stupid to be raising kids\"""""
i'm seriously fucking sick of the republican party  when does the crazy end?
"dylan: \it's pretty hard to kill someone with huckleberry syrup \"""""
is attempting to flatten his computer  may be incommunicado for a few days 
"is leaving the us for the next 14 weeks  i'll still be around on the interwebs, but i fly out in 8 hours    i hate flying!!"
traveling  will post an update when i hit nyc    if i remember 
"is in london  sorry i couldn't get word out sooner, my computer is being difficult  hope you all are doing well  i'm going to go find water "
loves london  it's a hell of a town  the streets make less sense than <propfirst> beck 
"is going to the globe theater tonight  mmmmmm, shakespeare!"
"sounders beat united    phew, still in the running for the playoffs "
not a fun lecture  felt like a target 
has computer and skype  tell him your skype address if you want to speak with him while he is in parts unknown 
ne moi iantus gnaton uorega iantus drucocunos uoregon cante <propfemale> in medie cete 
wtf ups: banning nerf weaponry is a totally <propmale> move  someone should restart ultimate challenge as a protest 
someone want to go bitch to the president during coffee hours for me? the new weapons and violence policies have some real issues in them 
just realized that he was arguing about pokemon with <propmale> while listening to <propmale> astley     sad 
"found the guitar in the aha basement and is quite happy, although he has discovered that his calluses are nearly completely gone, and is forming a blister on his first fiinger  worth it for a guitar  totally worth it "
"fuck you, good advice! stop being so god damned right!"
met a homeless man named <propfirst> while leaving a take-away place where he discussed the way muslims are treated in the us  sometimes god just makes the extra effort to punch you in the balls and run away 
is sick    or something    not fun 
sounders season tickets are as low as $300 for the whole damn season    if only i could make every game 
"time to primary baucus, <propmale>, carper, <propmale>, and <propmale>  no public option, no votes "
republican health care plan: 1  don't get sick  2  and if you do     3  die quickly  pass it on 
when i am dead lay me in a mound raise a stone for all to see runes carved to my memory 
cannot find beef or cheese for chili  what a frustrating afternoon   
guinness foreign extra: a little too bitter    o o
"there'll always be a happy hour for those with money, jobs, and power they'll never realize the hurt they cause to men they treat like dirt"
is sick and thus missed class  staying out until midnight at the globe in the drizzle and coldish air probably didn't do me any good   
3 of 4 papers done with a week remaining  now if only my sinuses would hurt less 
"watching republican heads e playful lode = awesome  keep on looking bitter and childish, freepers!"
"limbaugh: the right wing is on the side of the taliban    i won't argue  now, health care  tempest in a teapot, children "
sweet moderation heart of this nation desert us not we are between the wars 
may go see <propfemale> sac vs  pip on the weekend 
just realized a great irony: he could get communion at any church of england church while many of his legitimately christian classmates cannot  heh 
so    my faith in humanity and how <propfemale>'s right wing appears to be waging a war on it 
"loves google books and google scholar  they turn \not enough info\"" to \""glutted with info\"" for any research project """
"looked back at his research paper for pg 250 and laughed derisively at his conclusion    naive, to say the least "
"almost just wants to say fuck health reform, let's just take away anti-trust protection from the health insurance con-men and <propfemale> the motherfuckers out of existence "
mistook a dishwasher for a duck   
"one last presentation and then i need to rest  i dislike written tests, my wrist feels like someone replaced it with a cement block "
poultry  that will be all 
oh frabjuous day!
has the spleen of 10 tigers!
"can't write a song to save his life, right now  bah    creativity, consistency would be nice   "
sounders qualify for playoffs! yay! and i get 3 hours of sleep  -_- 
rasmussen may well be the worst pollster ever  i wonder whether they purposefully sample incorrectly 
is praying to the schedule gods that he gets the schedule he wants for next semester  it would kick so much ass!!!
ever get the feeling you've been cheated?
"okay guys, if you weren't planning on voting in the upcoming wa election, you need to change your plans  referendum 71 was put on the ballot by right wing bigots to deny gay partners the ability to even get civil unions  even though the people who put the referendum on the ballot were scumbags, a vote to approve the <propmale> is a vote to keep equality, so vote yes on referendum 71  we can't let the bigots win "
i am a timebomb a tiickin tickin tickin time bomb 
going to edinburgh in the morning  yay!
"does anyone (i suppose i should probably limit that to <propfirst>, zach, and <propmale>, now that i think about it) know when the performer's list for paganfest 2009 was released? i don't want to miss it this year "
is illiterate?
"you know you're a synesthesiac when: it's too loud, so you turn off the lights "
my heart beats left 
is in edinburgh  tired and not feeling touristy   
"wants to be <propmale> greyson when he grows up  (if he grows up, which seems rather unlikely, all things considered)"
"went to loch ness today  had a cool bus driver  has dubbed <propfirst> smith his \dark lord of capitalism\"" """
back from edinburgh   tired 
mead is good 
has decided he is an arsenal fan  yay?
4 pool zerging!!!
fuck <propfirst> lieberman  nearly as bad as the republicans  can it be dropping this bipartisan nonsense now?
is gonna make cheese when he gets home 
is drowning out the emotionally stilted television as best he can 
let's go sounders fc!
"so, you know what figures? every time <propfirst> bragg is in seattle, i miss his shows, and now that i'm in london (where he lives) he has no shows in london while i'm here  i'm getting a little bitter about this "
cambridge hates me   
paper    ugh    16% done    
done with the first draft of the paper    only took an hour longer than it should have 
new epica album = awesome
"we're the first ones to starve, we're the first ones to die  the first ones in line for that pie-in-the-sky  and we're always the last when the cream is shared out  for the worker is working when the fat cat's about"
stupidly is taking part in nanowrimo   
"1700 words down, 48300 left to go "
"really finds it hilarious that the republicans are so indignant  they're the ones who put themselves where they are  if they lived in the real world, none of this would have ever happened "
i can see you make the music 'cause you <propfemale> a guitar but gods help the troubadour who tries to be a bard
"alestorm, dark tranquility, epica, eluvietie, and sonata arctica    my evening is quite good, thanks "
starting from scratch: non-fiction style!
old mr  <propmale> walked by here today after 40 years of toil he just up and walked away
71 approved     good 
never had to knock on wood and i'm glad i haven't yet because i'm sure it isn't good that's the impression that i get!
omg dragon age!!!!! soooooooo awesome 
has written a <propfemale> on two lines of shakespeare  o o
which is the better band name: generation of vipers or <propmale> brothers riot?
wonders how the republicans can tell the lies they are telling with a straight face 
beat <propmale> in his first legitimate game of starcraft  over-pool to mutakill    fun stuffs 
and i'm proud to be a republican where at least i know i'm free and if those poor sods in my district die well it least it isn't me 
booooooooooooooooored
really traumatizing encounter in s harrow tonight   
"cmon you sounders    a goal would be really nice, right about now "
<propmale> wins  sad 
registered  thiis is goood 
it's a troll!
"is a terrible, horrible person "
obama's afghanistan choice is probably the right one 
working on <propfirst>'s paper  not making good progress    can't start on the history paper until my books get here 
i was born with a silver revolver in my mouth cash and <propfemale> in the suburbs while the world's heading south
where have all the flowers gone? rip <propfirst>  just found out 
<propmale> nye on the <propfemale> maddow show! sooo badass 
booooooooooooooooooooooooooored 
seeeeeeaaaaaaaakiiiiiiinggg
just read an interesting argument that japan's lost decade was actually an example of what a well managed recession should look like   
la v real salt lake? what a crap playoff   
"dt and corn flakes    good morning, world "
"<propfemale> palin's new book is out, guys! i'm told that it's an absolute <propfemale> turner  quite possibly a nominee for best fiction book of the year  also "
"blood runs thicker, oh we're as thick of thieves you know if it's important to you, it's important me i try to make you see, but you don't want to know what became of the likely lads?"
'80s singer has a warning for modern britain: i thought of you when they closed down the school  and the hospital too did they think that you were better? they were wrong
a pall on truth and reason it feels like hunting season 
"in stratford-upon-avon, back tomorrow "
"republicans: reign in your own, please  your fringe is getting out of control again, and they're talking violent again "
damn you infernal beeping!!!! stoooop!!!!
"thinks the american people deserve a debate -- and a vote -- on the health care reform plan that has now been worked on for almost a year  i respect the right of any senator to vote against health care reform, but i reject any attempt by a minority of senators to block the entire senate from voting  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day!"
the british police are apparently incompetent 
"so    wingnuts: go read the rest of that <propfirst> <propmale> quote you like so much    it's all bullshit (manure, technically)  heh "
watching senate debate  republicans predictably wrong on everything  brownback typically idiotic 
focus    focus    bah  must  write  paper 
"when that i was but a little <propfemale> boy with a hey, ho, the wind and the rain a foolish thing was but a toy for the rain it raineth every day "
another unfamiliar ceiling   
real salt lake are us champions? that's just stupid   
"baaaaawwwwwww!!!! i don't want to work all day, i just want to run and play!!!!!"
"in sports car heaven where we set our scene the land of mary-jane and cheap mescaline well we're never making nothing, but no one really cares in the land of easy money and the land of vacant stares"
"<propmale>, landrieu, <propmale>, and lieberman: get in line  if you don't, we will primary you, and we will encourage progressives to not come out and vote for you or give you money "
"memorized a (short) set of lines from shakespeare for no reason    that doesn't make me weird, does it?"
we write lyrics and get in fights!
i never made the first team i just made the first team laugh
"occasionally considers going back to obnoxious street theatre and protest - at least then you don't have to pretend conservatives aren't liars    the downside is being crazy, but it seems like the right gets away with it, so why shouldn't we?"
"so    study abroad people: has anyone else received their housing info for next semester? i'm still homeless, as far as i can tell   "
"one in ten goes mad - one in ten cracks up  be reasonable, demand the impossible "
"one in ten goes mad - one in five cracks up  be reasonable, demand the impossible "
"the president has chosen the right path on afghanistan  the far left will bitch and moan that war is bad and stuff, and the far right will be stupid and foam at its mouth about whatever it can contrive to bitch about  ah well   "
"and the temper-tantrums start on the left    war is bad and stuff, guys!!!!"
is there something wrong with these songs? maybe there's something wrong with the audience  manipulation in rock music  fucking nausea 
horrible fucking day  fuck transport for london 
"i was 21 years when i wrote this song i'm 22 now, but i won't be for long people ask me when will you grow up to be a man but the girls i loved in school are already pushing prams"
well fuck    we <propfirst> england   
"so, a little piece of cosmic irony - the store that was once <propmale> mcclaren and <propfemale> westwood's 'sex' (430 kings rd  <propfemale>, london - now westwood's 'world's end') is right next to the <propfemale> conservative's club   "
"gets in trouble for being a member of the \peace through superior firepower\"" club again   """
last paper nearly done    i've got way too much content on this paper   
give away $40 guitar lessons out of the goodness of his heart    capitalism hates me 
o o     o o      o o
is on another system of a down kick   
"has added <propfirst> cohen to his \punch on sight\"" list  stupid fucker """
must find the will to finish needed work    fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
"and this is why i sometimes think democracy is bullshit - rule by idiots  good job, conservatives, you've insured the needless deaths of 40,000 americans a year for years to come  i hope that you are god damned proud  monsters "
done with finals    home soon 
"flying soon  i hate flying    pay off or blackmail your respective deity to assure my safety, eh?"
home  i'll be in contact after i hibernate 
so    i have  badass new guitar that i can't touch until the 25th    my mother is pure evil     sad 
"okay - we've played nice and tried to play the democracy game  it failed  now, its time to remind them what they are afraid of - when does the riot start?"
night in tacoma - coming back again 
so     some culinary e playful eriments end badly - my attempt to recreate the donner at home is such an e playful eriment    oh ham donner    i should have known you were a bad idea from the start 
tomorrow: solstice and mead-making  mead should be ready by the time i'm 21 
mead is racked - starting on cyser in a bit  both will be done in a few months   annoyed 
joyous yule - - keeping vigil for the sun  blessed be 
has campus housing: trimble 111b  will find out more when cascade gets updated  if only the school was as good about telling me what my grades were as it is at telling me where i'll live 
"has been outsmarted by <propfirst> sanders    alright, i'll go back on my word then - the senate <propmale> is much better than i had imagined, and i have egg on my face  well played, senator sanders     feck   "
giving the wii fit balance board a personality was a mistake  it's a condescending asshole 
so    why is it that the best song (from a technical perspective) i've written in the last year is one i no longer agree with? how is this fair?
out of curiousity - how the hell can a course on intellectual property not have dr  l lessig on its book list?
"arkona and eluveitie on paganfest 2010 europe  no word yet on the usa tour, but if we get alestorm and tyr with those two, it'll kick some serious fucking ass "
suddenly    i miss london 
"lying in wait for the fat old stalinist and his eco-terrorist buddies  just you wait, you trespassing pinko, this christmas'll be your last!  the <propfirst> beck"
must is now fermenting nicely - i have no idea why we didn't think that the cold was the issue  happy christmas everyone - hope you make off with some good loot 
"okay - so, in case you were wondering, there's a lot of sugar in mead must (i have no idea why you would be wondering - but if you were, wonder no longer)  in the 24 hours since we corrected our <propmale> mead-fail, we now have so much fermentation going on that the cyser is trying its damndest to escape its container, and the mead is likely to follow its example in the next 24 hours  yay!"
the obama wants to eat your pancreas in front of your children  why you wanna kill me?
seyyed <propfirst> mousavi dead on asura  the iranian regime could not have fucked up more if it had been trying 
o o i think the reason i still read the naruto manga is because it makes me look comparatively rational 
always had the feeling i could never be the villain 'cuz the villain in the films is always back-lit 
"k    so    um, the republicans    uh    look guys - terrorism is my area of academic focus - this was not a systemic failure  really, this is practically good news  it shows <propmale> quaeda has a lower capacity than ever before (they never deliver only one attack, because they know their bombs fail), and we know what the new bomb technology they are using is "
"for my fellow mead enthusiasts, i've been trying a new one: honeymoon nectar from mountain meadows mead  it's an interesting sweet mead (still highly alcoholic at 12% abv) with hints of nutmeg and cinnamon  very good for a cold winter's night  overall, i give it an 8 10  a little unsubtle, and cloyingly sweet, but nevertheless enjoyable "
"finished the altheus dossier to the point where he could post it on the wave  if you would like to read through it and are not in the game, simply post your email here and i will add you to the wave "
"okay, seriously    i want my grades, ups "
"kirsty maccoll, teriyaki, and orange soda     am i retro enough yet?"
"racking mead and cyser today - secondary hasn't quite started yet, but if we don't do it now, it'll be a while until we do "
3 92   annoyed 
putting the romance back in necromancy?
"apparently the teabaggers are holding their convention at the <propmale> hotel in nashville tennessee  this begs an important question: can they really be this clueless, or is there some prankster in the upper echelons of teabagger organizers who is having far, far too much fun at his compatriots e playful ense?"
"tracking the prop 8 trial, really hope that the scotus rules to allow it to be televised - this is a big deal, and denying the public the right to see what goes on at trial is unjustifiable "
seattle on the fifa wcup short list!!! sweet 
and the scotus incorrectly rules on cameras in the prop 8 courtroom  frustrating and unnecessary - its not like it isn't being liveblogged anyway 
is mildly concerned at why anyone would search 'why is there a dead pakistani man on my couch?' on google    is this a common occurance?
at ups  tired 
"k - life is back in order  pretty, it aint, but i have all my stuff in the dorm room, and i can now use it for living  one step at a time "
"new words for the day: absquatulate, ineluctable, cortege, and suzerainty  who knew a course on terrorism would help me prepare for the gres?"
"at the height of the conflict, british security forces totalled nearly 40000 men, arrayed against a hard core of fewer than 400 active terrorists, backed up by some 750 \auxiliaries\"" """
early zoroastrianism is soooooooo cool 
"well    healthcare reform is dead - well done massachusetts, you just fucked us all  it's really pathetic that a republican was given <propmale> kennedy's seat  ah well, all that time i thought americans were getting less retarded, i was wrong  the only comfort i can take is that the rest of the world is just as stupid "
happiness is just a chant away 
back from dancing - who knew that jewish wedding dances were a good workout?
computer is dead - <propfemale> sigh   
"so    who is interested in seeing if we can create a homebrewing club on campus? (my bet is no, but it would be fun!)"
computer again  phew 
"what do <propmale> derrida and grandmaster flash have in common? more than i realized, apparently "
may be a bad person for not accepting his mortar board invite 
so juliet just three more words i'll write them in the dew that presses at the window where i've written: i love you 
this homework is    asinine   
"important: if you are interested in having arabic offered on campus next semester (not as a full credit, probably - but the point is having access to that education) in some form, please contact me  if you have friends who are interested in having arabic offered on campus next semester, please have them contact me "
the best ever death metal band out of denton will in time both outpace and outlive you!
something something dark side   
and i come back to trimble to e playful erience the exquisite stench of weed    how    delightful 
"some change is bad change    like this one - horizontal constraint is bad graphic design, facebook   "
in the end it took me a dictionary to find out the meaning of unrequited  
"if i was feeling really obnoxious, i'd make a pop-punk band named mux px "
"fact: when you buy an itunes song, 9% of the revenue goes to a credit card company  8% of it goes to the artist  master card: some things are priceless, other things can be mercilessly monetized by vulture capitalists "
does anyone know a good free sampling program?
just single-handedly hauled 4 crates of mountain dew into trimble at once    that was dumb   
apparently the first thing to go in non-chemical marijuana addiction is consideration - i can't leave my god-damned room without being inundated by the stench of cat-ass 
that was quite possibly the most trippy dream i have ever had   
"new song (for the teabaggers): mad as hell - \'cuz i'm mad as hell and i'm not gonna take my medicine anymore!\"""""
"facebook: look, change is fine, but when change breaks your back-end code, you're doing it wrong "
found out that disney tunes make for pretty damn good symphonic death metal tonight    destroyed my vocal chords providing proof of concept - but its a small sacrifice 
"if my three chord rock song has five different key changes in it, do i get to pretend its a 15 chord rock song?"
"i'm very disappointed in you, boxbot "
so    i have this incredible setting for a webcomic    i just can't draw    or stick with a project 
"no matter how factually accurate you may be, if you have been impeached from office for involvement in a high-priced prostitution ring, you probably ought to avoid using the phrase \the new hotness\""  just saying """
why the fuck would you assign the national review's favorite racist dipshit for class reading? it's not like his opinion is worth the toilet paper necessary to collect it all!
"homework    i should finish that  five more hours of work - here i come! (also, maybe breakfast is a good idea)"
"the greatest betrayal of youth is the repetition of the lie that one can do anything - when one is lucky to accomplish anything at all  banal necessities must constantly outweigh competing for even a minute of warhol's fifteen  misbehavior is now the only means of having any real impact on the world  cheat, steal, lie, and destroy if you want to mean something  heroes are for storybooks, and n surprise ne reads any more "
"for some reason, bartell's doesn't like it when i ask for refills on eight medicines     annoyed "
wrote a sestina!
so    good lottery number    and stupid fucking denial of appeal  i think i might just scream 
"so    ups gets the asshat award for the day  good job, academics standards committee, you've demonstrated that you posses the iq of a severely retarded chipmunk  love, <propfirst> "
the library never fails to impress me  seriously  i found a book on nihilism and russian politics  i thought i was <propfirst> on the narodnaya volya's history 
"holy shit - the cops busted my high school again - safe suburban home, lulz "
boldrin and levine argue that copyright helped to kill the <propfemale> age classical music - interesting   
everything but my 10 <propfemale> paper is done for next week    tomorrow - the 10 <propfemale>r 
"done, just in time for dinner "
focus    focus    must focus    o o
"so    again, asups doesn't let me vote  ah well  at least i don't have to feel torn over who i'm voting for "
sick 
my ongoing e playful erience in intellectual property has inspired me to begin drawing a web-comic in class    mostly based off of the things the teacher says 
"so give me a little bit of that old time religion the kind that you put down in shots and we'll drink a toast, to our better decisions ignoring the 8 by 4 plots! old time religion you never let me down when times they grew too tough for me my sorrows they were drowned old time religion i'm supplicant in praise so drink a toast to the bankers and to the end of days!"
the thing about parliamentary elections is you never know what sort of party you will get - it's a grab bag  sometimes its the christian democratic union and sometimes its the islamic cheerleader's workers party  just one more reason for proportional representation 
bored 
"didn't read o j  yoo's \how i did it\"" for terrorism on thursday  will continue not to do so """
6 in the morning    i haven't missed you 
wishes fifpro would keep us updated on the cba stuffs  i want to know if i should get tickets to any sounders games this season 
"and the rent-seeking mob of our tapering lifelines sings deficit and despair so the whole room sang ave <propfirst>, 'cuz all we got left now is prayer "
"i may be crazy - but i can't tell the difference between the <propfemale> of \danny boy\"" and the <propfemale> of \""jerusalem\"""""
"okay, for <propmale>, i am writing a steampunk neo-classist piece for crosscurrents "
trying to write a song about pando   
sounders get nkufo  nice  i'm playing the open mic tonight  nice as well 
"agh!!!!!! just as i think i'm ready to turn in my research application, i realize that i missed a signature!!!"
today we found out that - shock - democracy is anti-intellectual 
really wishes trimble would stop turning the heat off randomly 
migraine on homework day is bad 
huh    um  snow  okay 
i never did like rilke's poetry - why is his prose so lovely?
"doesn't do reading that is assigned less than 24 hours before class  ever  if you want me to read it, you can give me appropriate warning that i will need to "
why does uefa insist on using the away-goals tie-breaker for two-leg games? shootouts are way more fun and interesting 
"if you're having patent problems i feel bad for you son i got 99 problems, copyright ain't one "
"\this v for vengeance this v for vehemence this v for victory this v for vercingetorix\"""""
"god dammit, sounders!"
"k - spring break shopping is done  good job, self   "
"\promises are shit we speak the way we breathe present air will have to do\"""""
"i thay, thadeuth! a fiyah dwill!"
the role of bad religion in the teenage awakening of so many musicians is really cool   
tired 
hour and a half long lol game  o o
"lol que leavers    evil, evil bastards "
mls strike highly likely  sad   sad 
"god dammit, bartell's!"
9-0-14 on a game with teemo? jeez!
"heh - the copyright thugs are hitting britain now  if it passes, its time to boycott all british labels here in the us "
"new cba means mls will run this year - not sure if the players got the deal they should have, but that will have to wait until i actually read the agreement "
"well, it ain't perfect, but hey, i get to live to see 26 if nothing else     smile "
that one was for <propmale> kennedy 
well - the upside is that i found the 30 sources i need for the paper  the downside is that i now have to sift through all of them 
hmm    to cover <propfirst> bragg or <propmale> springsteen on thursday?
"contact <propmale> mckenna, tell him his suit doesn't represent washington state or our values "
beep boop beep boop! ro-bama wants to eat your brains! beep boop beep boop!
"o o <propmale> costello, when did you break into my musical repertoire?!"
conservatives - get your own under control  now 
goddamnit open mic - why do you have to coincide with first kick? and why did i have to write a good song that i want to play right before said open mic?
split 20 2 7 - somehow i got dumped in a low elo game 
wishes he was as cool as that @<propfirst> <propmale> cat
"<propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale> <propfirst> greenfield are terrible, terrible people   sad "
"anyone want to request a song for tomorrow? i have no idea what i'm playing for my second (or third, i suppose) piece  no covers, unless its simple enough for me to learn in 30 minutes   playful "
"welp    that totally wasn't worth the money i spent on it  thanks, mls!"
"so    nyt    we do have this sport called \soccer\"" in this country   """
never had to write a chaptered work before    risk in the security environment? i can do this  just as soon as i figure out how to structure the chapters  3 chapters is one too few!
ebscohost fail    i can't get morgenthau's seminal work? jesus   
got to use war games as a paper introduction  a strange game   
"oh schopenhauer, you bitter, bitter little man   "
"um    someone broke into my room? maybe? if so, they sort of failed at the pranking or stealing part of the action   "
"thinks people need to stop being surprised that tacoma is acting like it always has  we do live in the valley between two large mountain ranges, right off of a large body of water, you know   "
eh - risk perception amongst offensive and defensive neorealists    sooooooo sleepy   
oh you might say i'm absurd but the earth was shaken not stirred on the day the giant martinis took over the world 
cut his finger open on a dull door?
when we are scared we can hide in our reveries but what we need is a change of ideas
topeka
is increasingly sympathetic to constructivism as an ir framing   
and the paper that will not die is done!!!
"well     astronomy, calculus, greek myth, and game theory    this schedule will be interesting   "
"armstrong, barber, huntington, fukuyama, and bin-laden    this weekend is going to be a study in frustrating prose "
"oh for fuck's sake, i can't get away from stochasticity and perception, even in a video game!!!"
got his first reject from a literary journal  apparently backhandedly critiquing most of their material is not a good way to get in  whoda thunk?
"love ya'll on the other side of campus, but i'm not walking all the way out there again, it's coooold "
dreamed he was playing football    until <propfemale> maddow woke him up to warn him that the martians were invading   
got to use a fugazi song as a paper title!! no one but me will get the joke     sad 
complaint: why didn't armstrong include <propmale> qaeda in her second edition of the battle for god? i'm sick of blindly trying to bridge from qutb to bin laden without any context!
done with 4 pages for ir paper  5 or so more to go 
"no, norton, my pc security is not at risk - you've just been replaced with a security system that doesn't view corporate spyware as an acceptable incursion "
get's distracted with articles discussing islam and hiphop  o o
finds a certain sick delight in getting to add (sic) to quotes by osama bin laden 
"well, that's my worst paper in at least a year  yuck    ah well "
"i used 24 sources in that paper?! o o ah well    10 pages down, 59 more to go "
writes poetry? huh 
got classes  all good  first semester in college without a politics course  o o
"ah - process of belief, an underrated album, to be sure "
can't make up his mind which song to record on saturday   
"\i was a teenage anarchist the revolution was a lie do you remember when you were young and you wanted to set the world on fire?\"""""
got a summer research <propmale>! does anyone know of a place that i can sublet for the summer?
as per the request of my ethicist   
"o o k    so, lesson here: if you smoke, and you're gonna fly, buy a nicotene gum  if you really think it's clever to smoke on a plane, you deserve what you're gonna get when an air <propfirst> smells smoke  fucking moron "
torn between two competing forces    curiosity    caution   
god dammit trimble! stop turning off the heat on the coldest goddamn night of the year!
"<propmale> mcclaren is dead  i'm not sure if this is sad, or merely unfortunate "
"sociology  yuck  ick, ick, ick, ick, ick  i swear to god, one more word of socialist anti-modern crap and i'm going to tear out my hair and go running around campus screaming e playful letives at the unfortunate prospective students touring the school!"
"i'm going to bento with <propmale> at 5:15  since no one is picking up their damn phones, you can call me if you want to come along  - -"
i used a medical journal in a politics paper    o o
"6 more pages down, 53 to go "
"there's a terrorist group called the moro islamic liberation front? really? did no one in the naming process go: hey guys, maybe \moro islamic liberation group\"" might be better  apparently awkward naming processes are not limited to the teabaggers """
"just got out of the studio  got three tracks down, two are going on the cmn album (old time religion, don't wanna dance)  it was fun, but i'm tired "
"<propfirst> lieberman: you sir are an idiot  an unmitigated, self-absorbed idiot without the sense god gave a beagle  missile defense is a red herring - it doesn't work  deterrence is <propmale> "
"god dammit, ebsco, if i wanted to use adobe to read pdfs, i'd have it  let me use foxit!"
rand    i love you  can i be you?
"blah, blah, blah  failure of the kyoto doctrine  unanimity and defection in environmental security  god, i'm putting myself to sleep with this essay   "
"6 down, 47 more to go  o o"
"okay, facebook    here's a secret: i'm not a republican! stop fucking advertising them to me! seriously!"
k - day off 
"sometimes, i forget how fun it is to troll the stupid but opinionated  it is at those times that i am handed a piece of pure comic gold to do with as i please  thank you, stupid blogger #344,185, you have made my day  by being a giant, flamingly stupid target "
oh god    my elo just shot up again    this is gonna hurt 
"if i gave all of this scholastic stuff up, i'd open my own meadery and make maraschino melomel, granny-smith cyser, and chocolate methyglyn    i dream of someday being able to regularly brew "
why is my sub-conscious <propfirst> <propmale> correcting me on points of theology?
waltzing is fun  o o whoda thunk?
"learning spanish bombs, maybe playing a covers-set at the next open mic, ghost of <propmale> joad, spanish bombs, and whatever i'm playing with <propfirst> "
randomly got into the scii beta    o o
"the upside is that chws had appointments open, and i got in and got told that i should have come in on monday  the bad news is that i get to go back thursday and friday "
"if i ever start a metal band again, they will be called hour of lead "
some days are just strange   
13 1 2? i knew i liked playing teemo 
query for those of you who do math on campus - do you know if there are any computers on campus where i can access spss?
"-_- paper time, with special guest, medical appointment "
"in the mild hours of may, dead goddesses spring to life  dancing a reel that fathers taught to sons  before the romans came -"
"wow    work, work, work, work, work  working from 9 surprise 0 til 6 surprise 0 today, in all likelihood "
"okay - 8 hours sleep - sounders, paper, palaver, paper  o o"
beautiful goal from fucito!!! sounders gonna win this!
"palaver was fun, thanks hum house!! - every time i encounter more nietzche, i become more convinced that he was an untreated bipolar sufferer  he's got all of the standard manic confidence and depressed disassociation   "
"typically, the part of my paper with the most media coverage has the least useful data  why is it so hard to find the actual cost of combating digital piracy? fuckin' figures   "
12 pages done  35 left  -_-   
"same thing day after day- tube - work - dinner - work - tube - armchair - tv - sleep - tube - work -how much more can you take? - one in ten go mad, one in five cracks up"
"no, really, it doesn't surprise me all that much that tribal, regionalist south mexico has more social capital than the crime-ravaged north  also, i could get used to working with spss    if it weren't so damned e playful ensive "
it is mrsa    fuuuuuuck 
out of the hospital - might even go to class tomorrow  -_-
"going to sleep - if the gods are kind, i will wake up feeling better, and thus not have to go to the hospital again tomorrow  that would really piss me off   "
i assume that the republicans obsession with things being jammed down their throats indicates their nascent fear of strawberry preserves 
the good news? i'm feeling better  the bad news? i seem to have caught a cold  -_-
"for those of you wondering why we needed the digital records system in the hcr <propmale>, the bullshit i have been through in the last 24 hours is a great example  the er fucked up and gave me clyndamycine, which this is resistant to - they only just realized, and are now putting me on doxycycline, which i could have gotten at chws yesterday  morons "
the upside is that <propmale> really liked the song i chose for my essay title  the downside is he gave the paper a b 
in those last antediluvian days    the administration found that human kind    was too big to fail     and so they found the drunkest fool in all of <propmale>  and bailed him out
"the good news is, it does look like the medicine they gave me is working   "
riot games' president is named <propfirst>? interesting    we truly are everywhere 
"no, facebook, you cannot work with partner programs to distribute my personal information "
wishes he was still in england so he could go see pressure drop   
horse-shit call gets fc <propfirst> a draw they didn't deserve  that was total crap 
"wants to go kick a soccer ball around, but, typically, can't find anyone else   sad "
woot - one last medical appointment and then i'm free!
"k - so, i'm really tired of the poly-baiting from the republicans (and some democratic activists)  even if gay marriage does lead to poly marriage, why is that wrong?"
probably ought to get to work    but i'm really not feeling motivated 
headache   
gets to see <propfirst> tomorrow!!!
"k - write two pages, then done for the day "
"fuck you, lexis-nexis "
two new avantasia albums? me wants!
"k, that was an interesting night of rp - i really didn't e playful ect to end up playing a character struggling to assert themselves when i made this character  heh  interesting "
"bah  humbug  evans is a great wing, but he really shouldn't be played at forward "
1 3rd of the way done with my second to last paper    o o
<propfirst> is awesome! he came and played soccer with me (<propfirst> is awesome because he did yesterday)!
"25 2 3 in a practice game with tf? yes, that will do quite nicely   "
"the nice thing about finishing the <propmale> unit in iran <propmale> is that i can now banish from my mind the frustration that the entire damn situation conjures within me  the not nice thing is that i had the last comment in class, and i basically had to acknowledge that peace was impossible "
"new york times: \the basij is a pro-government vigilante group \"" uh    what?"""
why is there so much i have to do  i just want to rest 
well - that was a nap i shouldn't have taken  o o
"supposes that he might manage to make some waves by performing \here's to the state of arizona\"" tomorrow   """
"what the fuck, security? every time i park my car in a new god damn parking place, i get a new fucking email bitching at me for parking there "
"internet back - i fucked up my open mic set something hard, but at least i have my precious tubes back "
fair goes after splc? fuckers!
open office has a dirty mind!
paper done?! o o i wrote 6 pages out of the blue this morning  only 15-20 left for the semester   
there we are - the song that has been attempting to emerge all week is now written - it just needs edits 
"hopefully, this is the last time i have to go to the hospital "
"thanks to folks who have helped out while i've been in and out of the hospital  if anyone is not too busy, i may be going in again tomorrow late morning - if your homework will allow, i could use some company "
"good news - it does seem better today  if its not much better by tomorrow, i'll do the hospital then "
"reading mousavi's use of the word \hipster\"" in a <propmale> speech just made my day (can that translation really be accurate?) """
"dad: \it's really not that (yawn) dry (yawn) of a paper \"" heh """
"well, aside from the wind, its a good day! that doesn't make it easier to walk into the wind to try and get to class, though  my hair is quite displeased "
"oh, so this is how it feels when your life is actually under your control again    o o"
"well, it was a shitty game and i played like shit, but i got to troll the asshats i was teamed with, so it all evens out "
"insomnia, old friend, while i am quite glad to re-encounter you from time to time, i do wish you would wait until after school is out for such an extended visit   "
occasionally i read my own work and wonder when i got so cold-blooded    meh 
and today i become <propmale>! < <
no chord sets for the smashing of the <propfirst>? bah!
getting pumped for the world cup - preliminary roster comes out next week: my guess is that <propmale> picks up edson buddle and that <propmale> evans sadly doesn't make it 
"elections geek? me? no, i'm just sitting here watching the uk election while i could be writing a paper   "
"looks like a <propmale> parliament, not good for the lds - not cool "
"okay - a little bit of clarification, libdems point out that the uniform swing exit polls have been very bad  i'm not confident in that prediction "
lib dems may take this as evidence of the failure of fptp 
no results yet - watching bbc is hilarious - they are worse than we are about speculation before an election   
"labor get first seat - lost 10%, however, on their previous <propfirst>, tories gained only 5% "
"\fortress scottland\"" has held for labour - unsurprising  snp will never gain seats under fptp """
"at this point, i'm making a careful estimate that there is no <propmale> parliament, and the conservative party takes majority "
"conservatives do fairly well in sunderland south, but don't win - weird results  doesn't do well with any model  close seats may look very different this time "
taking a break from liveblogging to do a bit of writing - probably an hour til we start getting more results 
how do you solve a problem like somalia?
"ld reps look nervous to me - some hard spinning going on here  ireland results coming in  nothing interesting here, really "
plaid cymru (said plyed coomry) pick up a seat in wales 
first <propfirst> seat - 9 4% swing - bad for labor if they can do this elsewhere 
"lib dems hold torbay  5 4% gain for ld, but not great against conservatives so much as labour "
"10 4 2 right now, lab, con, ld  -1 +1 0 uniform swing seems pretty crap, but none of the models have come out great here "
"intrade likes a conservative majority right now - i'm on the fence, but if i had to bet, i'd bet <propfirst> right now "
ld loses durham to labor  bad news for them 
"19 5 4 and  -3 2 0 right now, cons pick up one more "
"good news for tories, they win battersea "
"i'm going to bet on <propmale> parliament right now, cautiously "
"back to the fence, i suppose  some interesting results thus far "
-17 +18 -1 i'm betting <propmale> parliament 
"okay - britain will have a <propmale> parliament, but god knows whether a coalition can be formed  new elections may be called "
yay  hospital again  just what i fucking needed 
"damnit reading period - somehow, i was already on sunday    mother's day (and <propfirst>'s birthday) are tomorrow    > >"
"this is just an embarrassingly bad game, sounders   sad "
motivation?  sad 
"well, that's gonna give me nightmares for the next month "
finds the fact that he is reading a report on bioterrorism from a man named khan truly ironic   
chws is incredible  i love them sooo much 
"hey, mexico gets some hardcore badass points for endorsing the united states' world cup bid!"
only one final left  laugh 
"and allanmoore demonstrates that they remain completely unable to communicate with patients  -_- nothing severe or to worry about, but i really, really wish that they would assume that i can understand complex data-sets at or above the level they can "
45 sources? did i really do that to myself? why?
that was quite possibly the most trippy doctors visit i have ever had 
well - that was good move-out progress    save for the fact that i still need to decide what i am storing and what i am bringing home    < <
"well, either i've been the target of an attempt at stealing my identity    or the chinese government has designated me a person of interest  neither one of these thoughts is particularly comforting "
"you know you are a goalkeeper when you see the wc advertisements and are annoyed that they only show goals being scored, not being saved "
"goddamn it, iraq! stop releasing news that undermines one of my core arguments the day after i turn a paper in! this is not okay!"
"nom, nom, nom mr  <propmale>  i am feeling fat and sassy  i eat your dps - i eat it all!"
<propmale> year done 
oh good - i have interbutts here 
awaits grades with a sense of dread   
misses everyone already     sad 
sounders win   laugh 
dio's dead?  sad 
my ethercraft is full of quantum eels!
eh - turns out there are still a large number of words i need to learn 
summoner's rift game with a feeder who fed the other team 30 kills - we managed to pull together and win it - i split 27 7 11 - god that was difficult 
made chili  yum 
well played to the progressives - you all managed to play tough cards and win some hard battles tonight  i know when its time to gg and accept that i was wrong 
"when cormac <propmale> airt, the proper definition of halcyon, and the differences between <propmale> and celtic assessments of the role of beauty in good (and there really weren't many differences) are running around in your head unchecked, attempting colloquial songwriting is a lost cause  blast "
27 10 12 and a win with a ragequitter? i seem to better in 4 v 5   
"the one world cup prediction i do feel safe making is that <propfemale> will not win this year - unless they enter the volleyball world cup, <propfirst> shows promise for that "
"i suppose the realization ought to be that empty words aren't measured in syllables, but in the void between the heart and the vocal chords "
"i tend to avoid the i p issue, since i think both sides are run by war-loving morons with no actual interest in peace, but i am offended that <propmale> believes it has the right to deem american citizens who have palestinian ancestors to be palestinian for the purpose of travel and law "
vanilla methyglin is in the carboy and raspberry melomel (which is a beautiful purplish-red) is on the boil 
"<propfirst> bragg's \a pict song\"" is an interesting piece of work - how often does someone choose the picts as a tribe to glorify?"""
"i've always been puzzled by the word \plutocracy\"" - wouldn't it be more accurate for it to mean rule by the dead? perhaps rule by boring traditionalists who are condemned to a third-tier of power and thus kidnap innocents and trick them into spending half of the year with them?"""
gres tomorrow and the butterflies decide to start right now  fuck 
"well - fish is good for your memory, right? the cats certainly seem to think so - on to the gres  to be honest, i'm more nervous about the drive down than the tests   "
750 verb 710 math - eh 
"sonata arctica made for an interesting <propfirst> mouse on my drive home - although i still hear \respect the wilderness\"" incorrectly every time i listen to it  we may have our lucid dog? if you say so   """
first us friendly pre-wc tonight! ~ looking forward to it 
"watching the us play - not bad  i want to see the actual starters, though "
"us drops one 4-2 to the czech side  ugly end, but they showed promise  i suppose the question is: what will they look like with altidore, <propmale>, and dempsey on the pitch?"
i get really weird the more i stay up late - it's a good thing that once i get back to tacoma i'll be living on a normal schedule 
"3 67 - 2 a's, an a-, and a b  i'm fine with the first three, but the b is typical <propmale> milam  i'm fairly certain he doesn't give any other grades "
"sounders v boca tonight - <propfirst> and i have tickets in the first level  i'm looking forward to it  also, us 23 man roster out - anyone have thoughts on it?"
bored sitting and waiting to leave for the sounders game    i suppose that the lesson here is that eventually you do run out of things to pretend to be doing   
"did i mention that the sounders game was freakin' awesome? we were stuck in front of a bunch of boca juniors fans who were being snide for the first half, but they shut up pretty quickly after levesque finished the rebound on montero's free kick "
"<propfemale> speaks out - thank you so much, republicans  i haven't had this much fun in years!"
"will be deleting my facebook - you can contact me at hammerfist@gmail com or at my ups email if you like  i'm sick of their privacy incompetancy, so i'm done  i'll stick to google buzz from now on "
"okay, so    in the end, i need the information from facebook more than i realized  it's only after you quit that you realize how useful it is for getting the information you need "
underwhelmed by the idf's bungling of yet another operation   
still insufficient internets 
finally - interbutts!
another japanese prime minister down? heh  the cost of parliamentarianism is that sometimes you have 5 prime ministers in 5 years   
"apparently the core group of the tiananmen square protesters liked to meet around a statue of cervantes    once again, the law of universal irony is prooven "
chili  smile 
rome never looks where she treads always her heavy hooves fall
"was surprisingly the winner at risk tonight    for once, kant reigns supreme!"
sleep? i've heard of that   
-_- why is it that only idiots write on politics and the interbutts?
"stock up on cheap plastic shit now, because i predict a significant price increase over the next two years   "
"foucault is stalking me    i keep trying to avoid him, trying to avoid reading him, trying to avoid acknowledging that he even exists    but he keeps showing up in my research and insisting that i acknowledge his work  why?!"
got a 6 on the writing for the gre   laugh 
"vaguely disappointed that <propfemale> <propmale> won - there was no way either of them was going to win the general, but i would have liked to see her shamed for her health care vote  ah well - in the end, the better campaigner won  halter's people fucked up gotv and payed for it "
progress and how i'm not making it   
okay well - i suppose watching the movement of news on twitter is actually research  heh 
6 surprise 0am in the morning in my world cup? it's more likely than you'd think   laugh 
"if sa wins 1-0, it will be a scandal   "
"100 data points    *deep breath* but r is fighting with me \\time to code a new set of data!  sad "
ah - graduate school spam  delightful 
i'm hard pressed to think of a more disparate e playful erience than watching the wc and watching the ongoing events in iran 
"at home watching the game - england, i'll support you after we're out, but for now, go usa!"
"gooooooooooal!!!!! shouldn't have been, but green fucked up hard   "
usa draws? interesting   
begins to wonder whether the use of abjection in the human form in early gunnerkrigg court was a purposeful choice by the artist 
ouch - australia got murdered    
so sick of transcribing information  -_-
"not sure how i feel about some of the season one stuff - bans are interesting, but it will depress my elo like fuck   "
"well - it was a productive day, in a sense   "
"oh prothero - not only are you wrong, you're waaaaaay our of your depth "
is sick of hearing people complain about the vuvuzuelas  they really aren't that bad 
so much for really durable belt   
"some of the politics i have come across in my research are just fucked up  i got a lecture on \obama's organ harvesting plan\"" this morning  o o"""
well - the us never fails to fail   
"eh - 2-2 is nice, but not winning this is not okay "
"the us won 3-2, but the fucking ref fucked up a critical call "
"oh ffs - convergence zones in my life are never a good thing  the world cup traffic has brought twitter down, thus keeping me from taking a sample at the designated time for my research!"
poor bird   
0 - 0? wow - didn't see that coming at all   
"okay, rockband 3 looks kinda cool  the real guitar is awesome "
dad came to see me for father's day - i'm glad 
blessed solstice -  i had almost completely forgotten   
blessed solstice 
"sometimes i have to massage passages to get google translator to give me a good translation, but today that backfired on me, when i tried to break a word down into its constituent parts, and accidentally turned the word \repression\"" into \""children's camp\""   """
finally done taking data sets in - now just recording them!!! 2 or 3 more weeks and i'll have a massive amount of quality data 
what a twist!
"and the far right pull out their collective stupid and begin to whine about <propmale> mccrystal being held responsible for his own words to a reporter    sorry, but when an officer trashes his commanding officer to the media, he risks court martial  leave your politics at the door, kiddies "
usmnt trying to give me a heart-attack    
and that's that - we fail to make elimination 
fuck yes!!! bite my tongue!!!!!! thank the gods for <propmale> <propmale>!!!!!!!!
so - i actually have to go see bumbershoot this year - <propfirst> bragg is playing 
ghana plays really pretty football  the ball control they have is amazing 
"well - the first attempt at day 4 of the 365 days of poetry challenge was well on its way to utter and abject failure, until <propmale> inspired me  thanks housemate!"
5 days into the 365 day challenge -  360 poems until victory is mine!
set one is finally done  now i need to figure out my randomizing method for set two   
i thought that set recording was bad    i'm falling asleep doing this part   
"<propmale> and miria's butchering of far eastern myth is pretty hillarious, but i'm fairly certain it goes over the heads of any western viewers   "
go usa!
<propmale> <propmale>    cmon    
"okay  sounders - please play good, this time  "
"if my research has taught me anything, it is the danger posed by well meaning people "
that was an interminable struggle to get the rest of the data formatted  i think i will curl up in my corner and stare blankly at the wall for a while now   
"the music from durarara is full of cute little musical jokes, if you know your celtic music  the music from the end of episode 8 (which is about dreaming), ends with the theme from \fairytale of new york\"" """
writes really brutal poetry when he lets his work influence him   
walking is not fun right now  my knee makes really funny noises 
"i had thought that, after leaving london, i would never again encounter the mild agony of seeing the store \game\""  then i watched durarara and the cycle began anew """
"hmm - outright fraudulent pollsters, eh? clumsy - its harder to fake your results to the point that no one will ever notice than it is to just collect the data   "
"<propmale> gabreski, <propmale> phend, <propmale> schwarzenberger, <propfirst> <propmale>   - game is at 20 surprise 0 rather than 18 surprise 0 tonight "
"<propmale> stark loses points for smart self-presentation, but who cares  someone needed to face the teabaggers and laugh in their pathetic, little, faces  dear lord, they're a pathetic bunch of bed-wetting whiners, aren't they?"
i'm a little disturbed by how quickly i get my japanese back after only a few hours of watching anime   
"dreamed of debating class warfare with a person convinced he had class identity  awoke clever and classless and free, and all that jazz "
"well fuck - the end of code geass is nearly as depressing as the end of evangelion  fuck this shit, i'm not watching giant-robot shows any more "
"without the world cup going, i need something to keep my brain busy during data entry sessions   "
"issue 1 of my findings on use of the hashtag #iranelection (not quite complete): i find that in june of 2009, persian language usage made up 2 7% of usage  it now makes up 20 3% of usage "
it ain't easy when you're runnin a ponzi scheme of stuuuuupid!
persian usage in the summer of 2009 on twitter has fallen to 2 3% with the addition of more data 
"second <propmale> finding of my research project: the letter i am most likely to forget when writing an alphabetized index is the letter 'r'   \\< <"
"is rooting for germany - regardless of anything else, they play beautiful soccer, and i've been impressed with the strength of their passing game "
5 sets left    just 100 more of these damn tweets and i never ever have to do this again   
"well, that's sad - i find the spanish team really boring to watch, and the dutch aren't that much better  the final will be more of a chess game then an athletic competition \\on the other hand, the 3rd place match will be incredible    two counterattacking teams with strong shooting forwards "
"done  gods willing, i will never have to enter that much data by hand again in my life   "
"thinks he might attempt a boxbot costume for halloween - i will spend the whole day running around shouting: \hellllooooooo\"""""
it was a great game - we were right by the hooligans  lots of fun 
in montana 
"well, the upside is that i got 6, rather than 4 hours of sleep, this time   "
so many mosquitoes   
that was not onside   
and the most boring european side ever wins   
coming back to tacoma tomorrow  damn me for missing another day of work 
has been bested by the assanine password requirements of the university 
required summoner level 20     sad 
"well    i have the data, i've done preliminary e playful loration, found that secondary e playful loration really isn't necessary (correlation, what's that?) - and find that the obvious answer was, indeed, correct    this is difficult   "
the konami code for lol is my new best friend   
the only thing worse than sucking in a game is sucking because the rest of your team keeps putting you in terrible positions and then blaming you for their tactical incompetence   
"apparently, our smoke detector is possessed   "
hates introductions   
"occasionally, my work takes me in strange directions    "
"<propmale> phend, <propmale> gabreski, <propfirst> <propmale> in case there was any question, there is no game tonight, since both <propmale> and <propmale> are out of town "
deeply upset with twitter for their archive shenanigans 
needs to stop writing poetry late at night   
loves amumu   laugh 
"is caught in a hazy world of solidarnosc, early shariati recordings, and mimeography    literature reviews are unpleasant "
"level 20, i could play ranked games  after my last 3 non-ranked games, i'm not too excited about this fact "
inception was excellent  and a mindfuck  i'm working on a pen and paper system for it 
"this may be blasphemous, but i don't understand why the ussf is working so hard to keep <propmale> <propmale>  don't get me wrong - he's a good coach, but he did a good job, not a miraculous job, so we should do what national teams do with good coaches: thank him for his wonderful service, give him good recommendations to go work in europe, and bring in new blood "
"has lost his phone - if you find it, please call him and - oh    shit  -_-"
found my phone 
the methodology section is the confessional of the researcher  forgive me colleagues for i have sinned - and here is the exact detail which you should avoid reproducing if you attempt to reproduce my results   
"thinks that if wbbc is actually targeting comic con, its the best damn thing that's ever happened to comic con  guys, you should invite them to come worship devils with you in d&d!"
we're gonna need a montage!
"the crux isn't that everybody wants to rule the world - it's that everyone wants to save it, and the would-be rescuers are like most such fools they don't know what they're doing  post-modernism has created 50 years of folks who haven't the drive to educate themselves or the facts to better the world  god forbid we return to silent generation morality, but it would be nice if more people just wanted to rule the world"
playing soraka has made my stats look very strange for ranked   
"oh dino-sore rossi - you are a pathetic, pathetic little creature  luckily, <propfemale> <propmale> is going to hand you your ass in november, and send you back to the pitiful little life of ignominy you so rightfully deserve "
"oh fuck you, riot! i regularly play with level 30s who have 20+ leaves, and i have none in well over 100 games played  there were better ways to fix this problem that didn't involve making ranked games inaccessible to us for another god damned month!"
13 footnotes worth of definitions in just 12 pages    o o
"<propmale> phend, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propmale> gabreski, <propmale> <propfirst> greenfield - game will be held tonight around 8 surprise 0 or 8 smile 0, depending on which is better for <propmale>  prepare for epic "
the only way that i'd ever root for the philly union: when the other option is fucking man united 
"pounding head on desk, fighting with r   "
gah!!!!!!! screwed up and i'm back to square fucking one!
does anyone want to go see the sounders play in the concacaf champions league next wednesday?
"has finished rewatching <propfemale> otome, and finds himself at loose ends, anime wise  suggestions for someone who liked durarara, baccano, darker than black, ergo proxy, blood+, serial e playful eriments lain, and paranoia agent?"
at 49 3 1 i got bored of ganking practice and pushed the top <propfirst> from 3 towers deep on one creep wave   laugh 
wow - go 3 4 4 on a team full of feeding morons and get bitched out for my play  this is why i don't normally play solo que 
"went to go work on the possible avatar scion game and roll up random sires, and ended up with an entirely too appropriate list - it troubled him deeply "
"built a sunfire shaco for the lulz    with otherme, it's pretty fucking potent    400 aoe damage and 4000 health   "
"you can find your normal game elo in the logs of your games - mine is apparently 1093, which makes me quite sad "
"http annoyed  tpmcafe talkingpointsmemo com talk blogs a m americandad 2010 03 an-open-letter-to-conservative php?ref=mp\\well sourced and constructed - a short list of the many wrongs that conservative <propfemale> is guilty of  the next time i need to make a basic case about contemporary conservatism, i'll let this guy do it for me "
oh - so that's how shaco would have worked if i had known what i was doing   
um    did riot roll back their ranked games setup?
"well, this is the highest scoring first 20 i've ever seen   "
"sounders win - i don't like the rapids, they're a bunch of thugs "
oh <propmale> tancredo - you so crazy 
"apple loses on drm case - fuck year  jailbreaking becomes legal  presumably, big media will throw a temper-tantrum and do a doody in their pants unless they can get even more protection from the government "
is occasionally a terrible person - particularly when he trolls tea partiers intensely 
"screw sc ii, i'm getting vladimir    with ip, probably "
wow - riot releases a cool champion and whole game starts whining without ever actually facing him in combat 
i do love it when a good troll pays off   laugh 
"hmm - and now the dilemma of when, and how, to let the troll die - my targets are becoming boring   "
new bad religion album out soon? yes please!
it's vaguely funny to watch la losing to a usl 2 team   
"<propmale> schwarzenberger, <propmale> <propfirst> greenfield, <propmale> gabreski: no game tonight  there are only 3 of you, and my inspiration pool has failed me "
"this paper doesn't end    it goes on, and on, and on, and on, and on!"
"congratulations, people taking part in the 365 days of poetry challenge - you are officially 10% done, if you are caught up (i'm looking at you, everyone but <propfirst> and i!)"
"really hates us bank - really  really, really, really  their internet banking is fucking out to get me and it makes me very, very angry "
never thought that a finance error in his favor would cause him distress 
"finds it funny that of the 7 or so republicans running for senate in the state, only rossi and didier managed to produce spell-checked voter's guide statements  my favorite tea party spelling? the asshat who proclaims himself \pro- <propfirst> gault(sic) \"" apparently he never bothered to read the divine ayn well enough to spell the name correctly  typical \""libertarian\""? i think so!"""
<propmale> fernandez! nice!
bored 
progress this week? hahaha!
"around the time i realized i was playing the same segment of the game for the 4th time through and i was out of ammo, low on health, and in the position to spend all of my remaining money rearming myself, i realized that i was no longer having fun playing borderlands   "
suffering from insomnia? want something that will put you out faster than a sledge-hammer to the <propfemale>? my research paper is just what you need!
why do i have 11 books of material for a 200 level course?
"summing up my entire paper into a sentence:  the twitter revolution was a revolution of spectators, who were using a new tool to observe the ongoing civil unrest in iran "
refs for ccl suck hard   
i am mildly puzzled by the string of killings in chinese schools recently - i'm not sure where this trend has come from 
"and suddenly, during the conclusion of my paper, my good friend's <propmale> <propmale> and bootstrap showed up and reminded me that i was a moron with more tools than i remembered   "
"<propmale> gabreski, <propmale> phend, <propmale> schwarzenberger, <propmale> <propfirst> greenfield game is at either my place or <propmale>'s place at 19 surprise 0 tonight "
"draft one done - when i have rudimentary edits done, i will send out a read-able copy to everyone who wants it  if you do want it, i need an email address from you, though - because its a little bit too large for facebook "
prop 8 overruled! oh hell yeah!
staples chair fail   
oh for fuck's sake - borderlands has randomly stopped working 
"just bothered to read a <propfemale> for the first time in his life, and was pleasantly surprised  the <propfemale> for spybot search and destroy is absolutely endearing "
wants the pathfinder advanced player's guide    very much  not for the classes - for the 100 new feats 
"seattle 2 <propmale> 0  excellent game  <propmale> played well in the first half, but they just got steamrolled in the second  fernandez didn't have the sort of aggression on the left wing that zakuani normally does, but he still got himself a goal  i'm starting to warm up to nyassi - but he's got to stop making silly mistakes  <propmale> evans who?"
"the gop's political strategy is genius: run mediocre campaigns that deadlock the senate and house, not making any policy suggestions, so they can prevent the democrats from making any progress for the next 4 or so years, so that everyone will have forgotten how terrible their ideas are and how they fucked up last time when the next election rolls around "
has an odd summer illness that he does not understand 
"<propmale>'s game was so good, i'm writing a web-comic script for it  downside - i still can't draw "
"having actually read up on the guy behind the cordoba house, i can only conclude what i regularly find myself concluding: conservatives remain brain-dead  let's bait the moderate, assimilated muslims, and ignore the damage that does to our ability to combat <propfemale> extremism! good job, dipshits!"
well - asshattery from a ref gets <propfirst> gonzales kicked off of the pitch 
has a fancy new droid  unfortunately it has killed my contacts   
"<propfirst> pilgrim: my mental jury is still out  on the one hand, brilliant, on the other, disquieting and mildly reminiscent of <propmale> dynamite (not a compliment) "
"gingrich and not-so-breitbart are willing to show up on stage with geert wilder  either they are too retarded to know who the man is, or my \republicans are shitbags\"" thesis holds """
"so, riddle me this: why is it anyone outside of new york's business where a group of new yorkers build a community center? really, red-state carpetbaggers, why the fuck do you care? aren't you supposed to be supporting state's rights, kids? i suppose the rules don't apply when there are scary brown people around, eh?"
"<propfirst> hayes is taking apart the whole community center scandal quite well  i hope that he ends up with his show, too "
"and this is the day the world decides to shit on me  i blow out a tire (thanks ups construction!), get home to a house which is 10 degrees above the outside (god knows how that happened!), am attacked by a wasp, which is then eaten by a spider, which it turns out is a brown recluse, which means that i have to deal with a fucking freaky spider in my kitchen  i hate spiders "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=6dxfo0uuacm&feature=player_embedded
"was gratified to see references to the epl in an american sport's-writer's work  with any luck, soccer will continue to grow in the states "
"okay, slowing music down 800% can apparently make even shitty music sound cool "
war is over 
"dear bastard with the hedge trimmer right outside my window  you are satan incarnate  love, (a very sleepy) <propmale> "
"<propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, and derrick: game starts at three at my house "
is somewhat befuddled by the fact that he remains on the mailing list for asups as the treasurer of a defunct club which he hasn't been treasurer for in 2 years   
"that screaming sound you hear is me realizing just how large my bibliography is    oh hey, i can leave that for later!! right?! right?!!"
how does i internet on this blasted contraption!?
"k - so, i'm passing on a message from the norm dicks campaign - apparently they are looking for part-time employees for the election  they called me today to ask about young dems  that was a decidedly awkward conversation "
oh right     i hate cleaning   
<propfirst> beck realizes the lesson of <propfirst> steele: it ain't easy running a ponzi scheme of stoooooopid!
"writes crude poetry, which also includes bad words "
enter the boring semester     sad 
"spent half an hour calculating the gravitational force of a super <propfemale> destroyer and the death <propfemale>  surprisingly, they are less than i e playful ected   "
is frustrated by mythologists    they seem to make a study of missing the point 
"to my distress, i have discovered that my brain purposefully eliminates all remembered trigonometry  for the fourth time, i find myself scowling and cursing at trigonometric identities "
"the upside is that the guy who let me in to my room was very nice  the downside is that security is permanently on my shit list, now  an hour and a half freezing my ass off, hungry, cold, tired, and blind as a bat    motherfuckers   "
"seeing <propfirst> guerewitz as one of the testimonials on kos' new book made me laugh pretty hard  my world is occasionally quite small    (should we e playful ect a kos review of the dissent of man, now?)"
"sometimes i just want to copy someone elses status, parakeet for word, and see if they  notice "
3 hours a week of <propfirst> bates e playful laining the universe? best class ever!
nice - open cup final  laugh 
"it's a bad day when i begin to consider the alchemical ramifications of end of evangelion  get out of here, magnum opus!"
"cellar music has, if anything, become worse   "
"survivor: zendikar  outrun, outrun, outrun   "
"reading a 20th century astronomer appears to be identical to reading an 18th century mythologist - both are condescending towards the \primitives\""    <propfemale> sigh """
17 pages of work for one math assignment? it's more likely than you'd think   
"by the 33rd minute, the lag was so bad that i was begging my team to surrender - they dutifully informed that they had done so five minutes prior   "
"stacking over 1000 ap on ap cho gath, even in a practice matche? priceless "
happy labor day  hug a union member 
cannot motivate himself to do this damn bibliography   sad 
"the realization that \because i could not stop for death\"" can be <propfirst> to the pokemon theme just about broke me   """
"perfectionism has its cost - being by far the worst player on the pitch tonight, i was beating myself up for something i just can't fix   annoyed "
"qqing about sunfires? really, riot forumers? -_-"
watching <propfirst> matalin on cnn is a little like watching paint dry  the only way you'd find it compelling is if you were huffing fumes   
"3 kill soraka? o o stop leaving half kills or i will take them, team "
supposes he won't be buying dr  pepper for a while  <propfemale> sad   
does anyone have a laptop they'd be willing to <propfemale> me for 3 hours next tuesday? i need to do a presentation in the library for my summer research   
"riot - i know gragas is hard to <propfemale> and all, but could you at least stop breaking my launcher and forcing me to reinstall?"
"query: riot, how much worse can you bork a server than you have? is this a freaking competition?"
"so    how long has the 5'oclock music played by the bells been \here come's the sun?\"""""
knowing that log10(a) + log10(b) = log10(ab) means you can perform common log marriage 
sunfire kennen - best build ever  that is all 
mundo downsizes as he pleases!
"4 <propfemale> bibliography? o o ah well    it's finally fucking done  did you hear me? the paper, minus whatever comments i get on tuesday, is dead!"
"presumes, given mr  gingrich's recent comments, that mr  gingrich would like to be on the record as supporting colonialism  apparently mr  gingrich is unable to separate studying history from clinging to history  newt, you sick fuck, the colonial <propfemale> is dead  go back to cheating on your dying wife and leave the civilized world in peace "
"no, <propfirst> boenhead, you cannot have $700 <propmale>ion of my money to spend on your <propmale> friends  go fuck yourself  love, the person footing the <propmale> "
"predicts that, at its current rate of progress, gunnerkrigg court will have made it to x-rated material in approximately 2 more strips  we've already hit pg-13 here, folks    although i think <propmale> is not fit for any human consumption   "
xkcd today is particularly hilarious   
<propmale> financial aid page: not found    how appropriate 
oh graduate schools - so good at saying so much but so little   
um - so    i think someone may be kidnapping political scientists who work on the role of the internet in democratization    they seem to have systematically disappeared around the year 2000  or gone into government work   
"is presenting today as part of the mass presentation of humanities and social sciences researchers in the library  it runs from 3 surprise 0 to 4 smile 0 in the old part of the library, if you are interested,"
is tired    thank you to everyone who came to see my presentation  you made my day much better 
"how much does a mexican referee cost? apparently not much, since saprissa can afford one "
nice to see we'll be keeping de-sen this cycle 
oh look  an evacuation drill  i think i'll go to my designated - pffft  they didn't even bother to buzz the houses  i'm staying here and writing a paper 
"alas, scholastic papers    you are such simulacra sometimes   "
"thusfar, my gunnerkrigg thesis holds   "
"was dreaming of sharpening a sword when his alarm clock went off, piping in the lyrics to some song or another, \i'm not the sharpest tool in the shed\""  weird    """
"gunnerkrigg today: 3 of swords? tarot, in my gunnerkrigg?"
"ian: \so this looks like a crib-sheet from ddr    how does it teach me to kill people?\"""""
why can't i write music? seriously    3 weeks and i can't get a chord progression i actually like!!
4-0 against crew! nice!
"is beginning to feel pity for the poor spiders outside of his window (of course, in 4 weeks or so, they will have tried to come inside because the weather will be killing them, and my pity will evaporate into war-rage, but that's life)  they appear to not understand that the unshielded side of a building will not sustain large webs  on the other hand, watching them freak out when the wind hits is hiiiiilarious "
i'm not sure how i feel about the clips from the new br album   
olbermann    shut up about witchcraft  seriously  you sound like almost as much of a douchebag as <propfemale> o'donnel 
"would like to invent a terrible game called \disassociation football\""    all he knows is that it would be disfunctional """
"will be providing mead (to those over 21) to anyone who wishes to take part of it (within reason! i only bought one bottle, and some of that is slated for offerings) tomorrow night, in celebration of the autumnal equinox  i'll probably start things around 7:15pm or so, at my house, since that is when the sun will set  blessed equinox "
"critiques of existentialism and idealist views of the soul? in my punk rock    it's at once more painfully banal, and entirely likely than you'd think   annoyed "
"the gop clearly doesn't care about national security  they voted against funding the troops! (disingenuous? of course  still, i don't feel bad - they earn the giant fucking asshole award today )"
keeps learning cool things about his great grandfather 
math homework wins     sad 
"someone had etched a rune on the wall beside my chair in calculus    better yet, i think that's where thor sat in advanced stat "
"watching la and ny on the field is a lot of fun, but this is kinda a match of crippled teams, since <propfirst>, <propmale>, and angel are all off of the pitch "
trololololololol!
"just doesn't understand the vuvuzela hate, really  i mean, yeah, 20,000 fans with them would get bad, but they aren't that common in the us or uk, and all the stadium bans just seem stupid to me  it seems more like snobbish crap than anything else to me "
gotta like nkufo!!!
"would very much like to do his homework, but youtube is preventing him from being able to with its crappy interface "
bacchus? more like bromios am i right?
"thanks to xkcd, i now have a new insult in my repertoire: \fucking peristeronic dimwit!\"""""
"dislikes security today - they decided to ticket my car for being unregistered in an empty lot, despite two previous years of registration  i sent them a kind love note in response "
"why can't i find a chord progression for the traditional annan water? i don't want the decemberists song, i want the folk song   annoyed "
1 0 7     i love <propfemale>   laugh 
now feels entirely guilty - security waved his citation  complete with bitchy email  they win this round 
"is annoyed with riot for their practice game shenanigans - honestly, i think they do this just to insure i can't distract myself "
"discovered that his head is not attached to his ethicist, this evening  it was very enlightening "
"and the gop runs a christian constructionist (destructionist) in florida - one of the \capital punishment for witchcraft\"" types  fucker """
and when i finished    the whole of writer's guild was staring at me like some sort of aberration 
"sick, and thus missing lab  unfortunately, i have to go to my last class   "
"well - the downside is    my science e playful eriment failed   \\the upside is, i managed to get rid of one of the really terrible apricot ales in an amusing fashion "
last three games as janna: 4 3 36  laugh  best support character in any game ever!
"this paper is killing me - - such a terrible, terrible essay topic "
facebook is eating my messages - this is a bad sign   
clg rocked face in the third match of wcg - my <propfemale> to add <propfemale> to my lineup is building 
boswell showed up in my reading today - i had missed the ornery bastard 
may or may not be planning a terrible fate for the jerks in north quad and their loud music 
well - aside from the fact that i'm still neck-deep in homework - i sure got a lot done -_-
gave in and bought minecraft    <propfemale> sigh 
"okay - you've had your sneering fun, kiddies - you can all stop talking about witches and go back to normal political topics "
"sounders get the open cup again  it wasn't a beautiful game, but it got the job done  good job, team "
well - fevers certainly make me more interesting   
"they ask me if my world is entirely too chaotic, and i say, \yus!\"""""
"this may be terrible, but i've simply categorized mobutu beside <propfirst> vii in my head "
"the remarkable part of the conservative strategy is that by flooding the marketplace of ideas with lies, they can make it impossible to debunk all of the crap  as a result, they then have a foundation of shit upon which to build  as i have said before, it is disgusting, but somewhat ingenious  i just wish they'd do it elsewhere "
"seriously, guys - the power rule is not that hard f^1(x^n) = nx^(n-1)  we should not have to review this each class    -_-"
awaits the coming chinese temper-tantrum with great glee  they should have known the moment they told the nobel committee not to give <propfemale> xiaobo the peace prize that the committee could not do anything else  to do so would have been knuckling-under to authoritarians throwing their weight around 
keeps reminding himself to read between the lines on these initiatives - i-1100 is vastly superior to i-1105 
"i think riot games is trolling me  apparently the name \big farma\"" is offensive """
all roads appear to lead to evengy morosov for my research   
this whole process would be so much easier if i just wanted to be a good sheep and study chinese political economy   
1360 ap by end of game? i do like veigar 
"feeling good - i just blazed through the stuff i thought would take forever  ironically, i might find the most interesting work in my field in africa, something i never would have guessed before "
not impressed by the crap on both sides about this ayot fellow  historical re-enactment is not ideological commitment  this is geek baiting at its worst 
"amongst riot's terms of profanity: \jigglypuff\"" and \""big\""  i can only presume that the company suffered some sort of traumatic incident involving monstrous jigglypuffs produced by japanese nuclear e playful eriments """
"offhand, i'd say that hybrid teemo is actually fairly viable "
"cantor on the daily show is pretty hilarious - <propmale> keeps walking all over him, and all he can do is offer talking points "
"not particularly impressed with the president today  he could have chosen not to appeal the ruling aqgainst dadt and it would be dead for good  a political settlement would be a nice touch, but unconstitutional is a strong enough win, thank you very much "
dada is the world's soul  dada is the whole point  dada is the best <propfemale> milk soap in the world!
"i generally know that its one of those nights when i find myself reading about the misrepresentation of hermeticism in full-metal alchemist - this time, i've avoided adding a viewing of \end of evangelion\"" to the process  progress has been made - i think \",c8823eb9a495ec811d4a456305c65eef,"indoctrination of a captive audience? at my school? apparently, its more likely than you think "
keeps getting calls from 000-000-0000 i don't answer unlisted <propfirst>  i hope it's no one important 
"msnbc apparently randomly isn't running the maddow show tonight  instead, we get one of the idiotic crime shows "
"mls referee logic: if i commit a foul, and the other guy hits me for it, i get a card for him hitting me  he gets nothing "
the depressing fact is that most of the graduate students at the best poli sci institutions graduated from a better undergraduate institution  than me   
"needs to actually read the voter's guide this year - i keep getting inundated with \vote this on this\"" that tell me nothing but what the rhetoric is """
having gone and read examples of statements of purpose and input on what to write - i can officially say i am more nervous now than when i started 
4 hours of work - 1 5 of a <propfemale> of a statement of purpose  this is a great work rate   
i have written more compelling prose complaining about my personal statements than i have in writing them 
"one thing the republicans may have underestimated this year is that by picking objectionable candidates and ginning up the lunatics they may be ensuring they lose in swing districts  lots of democrats are like me - we aren't gonna get up and wave our arms about it - but we're more determined than ever to cast our votes, because the other option is handing the nation over to grinning idiots "
one of the things that the ip organizations seem to have ignored is that they don't understand the internet - the freckle-faced kids they make war on understand technology better than they do - and ultimately they are playing in our sandbox 
yeah - work    that  i need to do that   
"okay, i give up for tonight  this is a frustrating, frustrating paper "
i think that seattle would have 1 or 2 more against a worse keeper 
ref gives saprissa the game  bullshit  concacaf is still total nonsense 
"at 5 pages, i begin to realize i've said nothing nice about any of the author's i've reviewed here  this may be poor form   "
"is going to vote no on i-1107, and would have quietly done it on his own if the advertisements being run for it weren't so damn obnoxious  now, i encourage all of you to vote against i-1107 - stopgap funding measures for the state are necessary if we want to have an education system through the course of the recovery "
"feels like a jackass for failing to wear purple (apparently i hadn't noticed until now that i didn't own anything in purple), but at least i managed to vote   "
well - that was quite possibly the worst paper i have written in my entire life 
wonders if a uscoc affiliated boycott could be organized   
is not in a pretty mood  would anything else like to go wrong? i don't promise to be kind if it does 
"<propmale> schwarzenberger, <propfirst> gaines, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> graddy, <propmale> <propfirst> greenfield, and everyone else who would like to take part: beginning below is a poetry chain - i had fun when we did this last year with <propfemale>, and i wanted to do it again  add lines below "
"* okay, maybe i just wanted to use t s  <propmale> in a blog post   "
"awoke from a distinctly mediocre night of sleep to his alarm clock playing a ska reinterpretation of \girls just wanna have fun\""  i'm not sure how this bodes for the rest of the day """
oh lol forum participants  you so crazy  putting so many teenage males in one place is just a bad idea 
"i show restraint, i'm the patron saint  of urban gardens in bloom  if i don't faint ingesting paint  breathing all of these fumes\\when did barenaked ladies get so awesome again?"
"done with all but uploading documents for <propmale> app  this coming week, berkeley, mit, and yale "
"is anyone else tabling to get out the vote on monday and tuesday? if so, can i help out? if not, does anyone know if i can still get a table?"
"the poor guy behind the register at goodwill couldn't understand for the life of him why i was buying two pairs of obscenely gaudy women's reading-glasses  i looked him in the eyes, and exclaimed, \science!!!\"""""
<propmale> salazar is an idiot 
"around the time that arcsine laws are applied to lol, you know elo hell must exist, because there's a high probability that one member of any given team is more interested in the law of large leads than in their character    "
"if you haven't voted, do it today (or, y'know, tomorrow if you can't do it today), or i will sic the grammar nazis on you to feast on your liver!\\they need the protein "
implicit differentiation: because your problems weren't taking up enough of the <propfemale> yet 
"if i don't get in to grad school, my advisor suggests i spend time picking up chinese  the only problem is, the only areas i'm qualified to teach in (the only real way to learn chinese is to live in <propfemale>, and the only way for someone with my qualifications to get a work visa is to teach) are things that can't be taught in <propfemale>   "
"much of this election is going to come down to who has the best ground game  go fucking vote  the rethugs are gonna win the house, but there's no reason they should have a large margin there "
"if the gop wins the house or senate, it will mean more obstructionism, fewer jobs, less prosperity, and more trouble for you and your family  they haven't won yet - if every one of us goes out and votes, they might not win anything  go vote, make sure your friends vote, and copy this status into your own to make sure everyone else does "
was the jerk up on the balcony at lunch asking people to vote  that was way harder than it looked 
so    the berkeley online application for graduate school allows you to claim citizenship in the ussr   
"good job, kentucky - you have elected an anarchist "
"wellp    glad i'm going to grad school, 'cuz there ain't gonna be any jobs in this country for the next two years "
"looks like wa and co are going blue  good  <propmale> rossi will be going home, again  maybe he'll take the hint this time "
"watching the <propfemale> <propfemale> concession speech  in the words of <propfirst> <propmale>, \it ain't easy running a ponzi scheme of stupiiiiiiid!!!\""\",c8823eb9a495ec811d4a456305c65eef,why are all the best courses scholarly and creative inquiry courses that i can't take? not cool!
<propmale> tutu will be in tacoma in mid-late may    perhaps we can try to convince the school to ask him to come speak here? maybe even for graduation?
"has applied to graduate school  the hellfest is over  now, let the nail-biting begin!!!"
"there's something somewhat counterintuitive about citing information to (wrong, ##) in a paper, regardless of the fact that that is the author's name   "
"has seen far too many parallels between the odyssey and tolkien  also, has confirmed his thesis that epic myth is, in fact, a story of travelling to progressively larger houses "
"the realization that what i had written was not merely 8 lines of rhymed couplets, incapable of further e playful ansion, but also ballad-form, gave me my first taste of what a mid-life crisis might feel like \\worse yet    the poem was good "
"had a bizzare dream about an extended civil war between bellevue and seattle which involved some of the weirdest, but occasionally most awesome, military technology i have ever seen    i'm still trying to figure out why my subconscious put tank treads on the battleships, though "
"there is something fundamentally wrong with me, when i see a billboard decrying plagiarism (auto-correct wanted to put platonism here) and want to argue with it, simply because the rhetoric is so e playful loitative   "
"wait    <propfirst> o'donnell    e playful laining basic economics to idiots? beautiful, but probably not worth the time "
the cat-food omission fails  spelling intended 
<propmale> <propfirst> greenfield's birthday dinner is tomorrow at 5 smile 0pm  meet at our house to go (i may need more drivers than me if too many people show up) 
"is dumb, which is why he's taking a 400 level math course with only one semester of calculus  "
aasif mandvi's new film preview has made me somewhat homesick for south harrow 
"hmm    well, the new anti-depressant certainly is an interesting e playful erience   "
accidentally succeeded at a lab he was supposed to fail at   
well - we missed out on the power outage  good news 
"wrote a poem entitled \national call in slick day\""  it's pretty fucking awesome """
totally fucking bombed his calculus test  fuck related rates and conic segments 
"the usmnt has a bright future, if today's game was any indication  agudello, rogers, ream, and diskerud had a stellar showing "
"got in at crosscurrents, with the poem he liked least  well, i'll take the victory "
"is still an asshole, despite what some people seem to believe   "
managed to turn critiques on photography into a poem which tied the odyssey to rwanda and the french revolution    i'm not sure if i'm proud or disgusted   
watching <propfirst> beck's attack on soros made me cry for the state of education in the us   
"in some ways has come to believe that the fundamental norms of d&d have more connection to greek hero myth than to \fantasy\"" (if any good articulation can be given to the genre) """
has found that there is an area in political science that is even too gory for him  genocide studies are fucking torturous 
"the cost of having done the reading i was going to do today last night is that now i have nothing to do, thanks to my efficiency "
"isn't quite sure why integration showed up in the problems for the section on mean value theorem, but isn't going to argue with easy work   "
i hate seeing conner <propfirst> score   
god dammit! i'm gonna be so mad if the crapids win the mls cup 
is getting his soccer nerd on in preparation for the e playful ansion draft 
nkufo unprotected    weird 
can't say he likes this wind  it is pulling the heat out of his room like nothing else 
brolaf is coming to the league    victory 
"no class  break starts a day early, i guess  unfortunately, closed campus means sub is closed too, i think, so i'm responsible for me own food  good thing i went shopping "
"is bored and would like to do something  unfortunately, it is fucking cold "
"palin: we have to stand beside our north korean allies \\really, lady? please go back to alaska and stay there   "
di caprio is doing a film adaptation of brave new world    i am not sure how i feel about this 
about that sleep    yeah   
"loves wasting time on unnecessarily complex math problems which teach little to nothing in the realm of the important, and serve only the purpose of allowing the math department to over-schedule its courses compared to the rest of the school   "
"thinks that <propfirst> fagles might be translating his works with the e playful ress intention of making his task easier    lattimore's closing of the odyssey may be more faithful, though   "
"found chords for <propfirst>'s jerusalem, and has found that he can get harpsichord voicing out of his guitar for the chord changes  it is awesome "
"has forgotten about 2 3rds of all of his forms    self, i am disappoint \\that's what 4 years of not practicing will do to you "
"sleep, apparently, is for those people who aren't on dopamine reuptake inhibitors    suffice to say, i am disappoint "
"as glad as i am for <propfirst> <propmale>'s involvement in the 2022 wc bid, i was deeply annoyed by his white-washing of american immigration history   "
"bah  qatar 2022    fifa, i am disappoint "
"what did the red giant say before it went supernova? \well    this is ironic \"""""
"reading easterly is a little like watching a blind man attempting to board a train that just pulled out  he knows the damn thing is there, and he knows how to get on, but he seems to have missed a rather critical detail "
"tomorrow, 6 pages of chinese-african relations and 40 math problems    and if i finish that, i need to go read euripides   "
" annoyed  pick up your phone, cellar! blue student needs food badly!"
"is floating in a sea of eximbank loans, structural readjustment policies, hipc processes, and special economic zones  i love this topic, but i feel like i've been beaten over the head with a 2 by 4 "
"finished the damn paper  one paper, two tests, and 2 sections of math remain, then i am done "
only the democrats could lose a game of poker where they held all the cards  yay for billions more in debt because of conservative economic bullshit! wooooooo    
i thought of you when the shut down the school and the hospital too 
"it stands to reason that the paper handed out today, the last paper for this semester, and really the only specific work i have left to do, would be the paper i least <propfemale> to write   "
"wishes, if just for a second, that he could have been an astrophysicist   "
made war upon plato in a classics course today  the professor was somewhat underwhelmed   
so much game design!!!
"the odd comradery of drunks is a marvelous thing to behold  in the allowance of transgression, they generate a new kind of social capital  constructed on the basis of shared (drunken) identity, they create bonding capital where only bridging was possible before  dionysus, perhaps, is not so dead "
told you so   
thank you <propfirst> sanders 
was going to sleep - that seems much less likely now 
so - why haven't we done this nuclear pulse propulsion stuff?
definitively proved that 1 = 0 on his calculus exam  not a good sign   
"apparently judge hudson misread the sign: it's \virginia is for lovers\"" not \""virginia is for losers \"""""
quits the left  progressive have started saying it is a good thing that hcr didn't win in the bush jr  court in <propfemale>    because it wasn't liberal enough  fucking halfwits 
begun this internet war has    (also     srsly - xkcd has it right in the alt text today   )
done with the semester  yay  now i just need to clean my room and pack my shit    so i should be done by the start of next semester 
ends the semester with 1337 meal points remaining  victory? i believe so 
dadt dead  one more nail in the coffin of hate 
"for better or for worse, redmond is my teenage wasteland, and it is never easy for me to come back here "
"work, work, work, work    the only thing that keeps me sane is work "
has copies of the deed of paksenarion  is beginning to form concepts for characters in glass   
"oh nerf herder    \you don't want a boyfriend what you want is mr  spock\"""""
first two games vs la galaxy and ny red bulls four days apart  we're gonna have a hell of a start to this season  also - not p**tland or vancouver?
"the great tragedy of our struggle with our weight, culturally, is that we are going about it the wrong way  there is one thing we all need to hear: you will <propfemale> (and thus eat) the same weight of food every day  it is the content of that weight that you can vary  eat until you're full, but eat apples instead of pizza  i wish someone had told me sooner  this is a hell of a lot easier than fighting a losing battle "
is taking bets on how long it takes some senator to go all <propmale> <propmale> on <propfirst> kyl (r - asshole)  the man is a slimeball who verges on treason with his bullshit excuses about the start treaty 
"blessed solstice, all "
"has spent the evening learning parts of old futhark runes  as a result, i appear to have picked up quite a few inscriptions of 'alu' and 'erilaz' on me  bind-runes are also freaking incredible! futhark - the only script where tttttt is considered a magic word   "
"apparently my newfound insomnia is being caused by some malevolent irony spirit  i woke up from a dream where i fought with a congressman over whether american idiot was better or worse than the less-well-known armenian idiot, which considered the life of \jesus of caucasia\"" as he struggled with his alter-ego \""saint jude\""    i'd rather be sleeping """
"the next time i get the brilliant idea to play a card game with my family, someone stop me   "
has officially reached the point where solitude ceases to be its own reward    damn - early this year 
"also supports boycotting thor - not for its casting of a black man as heimdal (oh no! racial inaccuracies in a movie about a comic that teems with inaccurate representations!), but for being based on the most retarded comic <propfemale> has ever produced    ever "
is safely ensconced in his room with a copy of reza aslan's anthology of middle eastern literature 
jones = mut sekhmet? wut?
hn    shakespeare had this problem where he liked to confuse <propfemale> and welsh myth apparently  this does not make the fine <propmale> of allusion any easier 
i wrote 'massacre' in red-pen at the pity party ball slipping over syllabaries to the monophonic fall  making conversation whole cloth from nothing much at all i was a neologic masochist heading for a stall 
"is nearly done with the document he said he'd have done by the end of this week    for those of you waiting on the altheus overview, i swear i'm nearly done  once i finish the schools, i'm just gonna devote a <propfemale> to politics and a <propfemale> to common antagonists  it should only come out to about 25 <propfemale>s single-spaced  i'm getting paid for this, right? right?!  playful "
"3 - 0! how's that feel, <propfemale>?"
"well, the brief history of altheus has become the not so brief history of altheus    this probably bodes poorly "
how the fuck did i get this many books in my room  halfway through the 700 or so books in my room  o o
birmingham has been hurting man u pretty good right now   
there is apparently a thriving traditional <propfemale> music scene in serbia    national identity can be such a weird thing sometimes 
managed a whole two paragraphs of work today before writer's block hit him like a ton of bricks  this will all be done some time    i hope 
dammit gabe! stop showing me up as a gm!!
bullshit draw with wigan  a nonsense pen in the first half and the failure to award a pen when a defender in the wall blocks a free kick with his hands   
"for those of you who haven't had the <propmale> to e playful erience it - fable 3 is quite good, thank you very much "
it's probably a bad thing when you wake up from a dream and find yourself arguing with your brain over its chosen neologisms 
"likes <propmale> macmath or kofi sarkodie for the sounder's first round pick-up in the super draft, if at all possible "
"never thought he would utter the phrase: \uh    dad? you're on fire \"""""
"facebook killed my last status    short form: i want to see a few games out of the afc asian cup this week  for some reason, folks are saying that qatar (a team which fifa does not rate highly) is likely to advance out of group  they are in the easiest group in the tourney, mind - but i don't think home field advantage means crap when you're 114 on fifa ratings "
has no idea how he is going to get back on a sane or normal sleep schedule after today 
"\hurrah my lads for freedom let's all join hearts and hands may the lord have mercy on the souls of the boys who smashed the van\"" (points to anyone who actually recognizes the piece)"""
sometimes wonders just what good his degree will do him - given its relatively obscure nature 
"has a distinguished top hat, ladies and gentlemen  it looks wonderful with my new overcoat  now all i need is an excessively gaudy walking-stick "
"has new, steam-punkish glasses "
<propfirst> boehner: i hope he fails  we don't need oompa-loompas in washington 
apparently the dice really like this npc    o o 2 18s and 2 17s in the same set   
<propfirst> boehner - why do you want to kill me?
the <propfirst> bragg in the new protest the hero studio update makes my world feel very small   
"would like to firmly object to any snow in the next week  i need to drive back to tacoma next week, and i do not want to do it in the snow!"
is heartsick at the attack on congresswoman giffords  my thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of all of the victims 
did not need the family gallbladder problems to crop up now   
"offhand, i'm willing to hazard a guess that \we can't seem to find your right kidney\""  is not something the nurse practitioner got to say very much   \"""""
typical evergreen medical    i've been waiting 30 minutes in the lobby   
is beyond angry 
stoked for the mls superdraft tomorrow  probably alone in that feeling - but i'm used to that 
"only my closet remains to be cleaned    of course, i dread doing that - but such is life "
ah    facebook - again you manage to violate my privacy without asking  the only reason you get away with this is that there is no viable contender  bastards 
"saw something that mixed the poetic with the tragic  a homeless man sat with a plastic container, selling plants from the roadside  above him, someone had plastered a pair of <propmale> <propfirst> stickers "
safely at campus in his room - which is now even more cluttered than before 
just realized the <propfemale> in the bottom right of treatise 3 of gunnerkrigg court is a hand  significant?
"had the longest, and quite possibly strangest, dream he has ever had   "
"doesn't know what time his seminar today starts - could be 4 surprise 0, could be 3 smile 0     annoyed "
"bo playful lot, i am disappoint "
"having read all of iron heroes through, now, my only complaint is that you should gain more feats (and that there should be even more variation in the feats!)  it's an awesome concept that should be taken further "
pre-algebraic math is painful   
wonders who chose the <propmale> in his house    the symbolism borders on the obscene 
and riot announces that it is getting rid of the only part of lol i can use to practice without having to put up with anonymous asshats  thanks - i think i'm done 
the best part of being a pg <propmale>? reading account of 19th century gunbattles between voluntary firefighting organizations 
"what is amazing is that we have become a culture so overwrought with populist sentiment that facts and e playful ert opinions are no longer relevant to decision making  don't like something? just lie about it loud enough and all the evidence in the world is inadequate  if democracy means subjecting ourself to mass stupidity in order to fulfill the unreachable ideal of a truly free society, then it really isn't worth it "
whoop - well    guess i'm done watching msnbc    it's a sad day when one of the few honest (if bombastic) members of the media is forced out and replaced by a word-mincing washington insider    <propfirst> o'donnell just isn't equal to the gap he's been asked to fill 
i may have broke my players a little    did they come with warranties?
"god dammit, research opportunities! why must you crop up when i am busy with other things!?"
"right, this is why i never learned to juggle with a soccer ball    i suck at it and look silly "
"huntington was stupid enough in text form    in lecture form, he's no less wrong "
"take 6 of one poem    at least this is really only an edit, rather than a complete rewrite    the final product had better be worth it "
ultimate combat playtest? don't mind if i do!
lunch or league cup semis    a difficult question indeed 
"k - so, i think that my senior thesis is being written in the streets of egypt and tunisia    not what i was e playful ecting "
"didn't watch the republican response, but can summarize it anyway  \herp!!! derp!!!\"""""
"the president gave a decent, if somewhat right of center, state of the union address  that, ladies and gentlemen, is what a responsible conservative looks like  republicans, take note  tea partiers? take exlax  it might get the stupid stick out of your asses "
wednesdays are the cruelest day   
ah - a manic streak  just what i wanted 
"every trip to the mail room seems to provoke a new and more fascinating personal crisis  shoes, today - not grad school acceptance - but i still had my heart in my throat waiting for the package "
may be one of the few people in the world who can use 4chan as a legitimate research source 
to go to class or continue to observe the situation in egypt?
cutting class to watch al-jazeera 
needs a tool to record segments of the livestream he is watching for citation purposes?
it's gonna be one of those days 
stiff little fingers - i had forgotten how much i missed them 
"meeting at 6 surprise 0 in the sub for <propmale>'s b-day dinner (a day late) - if you'd like to join us, please do (although car space is limited - sorry) "
listened to the colbert interview of chua and is eating crow  she knows she was wrong    well - there you are 
i'm sick of all this dionysian romance i want my freedom and i don't wanna dance
o o google maps is broked 
it feels really cool to be doing mathematics off of the rhind papyrus    even if it is really screwed up 
"<propfirst> fukuyama: still wrong about everything  (from 2004) \it seems that afghanistan has more reasons for hope (than iraq) \"""""
would go to the store    but there is no space left in the refrigerator 
may well have just earned the eternal damnation of the poetry gods for that pun   
"and now, the desperate paring down of beloved poems in order to submit merely 3 to crosscurrents "
"is a huge fan of the new uefa financial rules  i don't want total parity like mls (although i understand the current need), but i think it's stupid that clubs can go billions into debt and avoid the process of developing their own talent  with any luck, the <propfemale> yankees-style soccer monopolies is over  i'm looking at you barca "
"arsenal 0 - everton 1 - i'm not sure if i'm watching soccer, or a mugging  arsenal may be the more skillful side, but everton (with some help from the officials) are walking all over them - literally, actually  <propfirst> song, djourou, and sagna have all taken hard hits "
blessed imbolc and all that  may brigit's fire inspire our <propfemale> 
and there goes the peaceful part 
grumble grumble    stupid small ups torture desks broke my pedometer   
<propfirst> fukuyama - master of argument from false pretenses   
ice seized atdhe    the new money-wasting drug war is the war on piracy  fuck's sake   
"appears to have accidentally traumatized a raccoon  i'm fairly certain it thought i was stalking it by the end of our odd, coinciding walk  it was not pleased, since i was between it and food "
"is being lazy and leaving his analysis of fukuyama until sunday - fact is, i hated the book  it mixes useless and factless in a mire of half-conclusions and pretty (but empty) rhetoric "
didn't get in to <propmale>  i hope that this isn't the first of many rejections 
enjoys having his cynicism reaffirmed  it's a wonderful mix of nihilistic despair and the triumphant glee of being proved right 
"apparently, i've bypassed denial and gone straight to anger  what a wonderful 24 hours i'm having   "
rush limpdick says we ought to back mubarak  stupid and evil - just how i like my republicans 
<propfirst> gaines and i were a psychological wrecking crew tonight  many nightmares were born at our hands 
"probably too much of a soccer geek when you start comparing and contrasting the strategic structure of sigi's arrow and wenger's offense  nevertheless, i have free time, apparently "
"<propfirst> donne and jfk have clashed in my head and produced monstrous progeny  \ask not what your country can do for you    it tolls for you \"" road construction is a big deal """
was merely pretending to be running high fantasy    it was horror all along 
having been on the pelosi mailing list apparently means i am now on the boehner speaker's list  what a pity - i don't need my iq sapped any more than it already is 
"found a typo in a text he was reading where the term \philantrophist\"" was used  i am afraid!"""
spent the evening doing game design stuff  altheus may yet be the coolest system i have made   
no class today    gonna concentrate on not coughing up a lung   
being a good plague-bearer and hiding in my cave 
"dreamed strange things, including a rapping greek scholar: \dressed up and all scholarly a few books will not bother me alexandria's majesty 'til the caesars get mad at me all the scholars falla' me but you can call me ptolemy \"""""
"so - i wake up from fever dreams and take medicine, suspecting i won't fall back asleep    and i see an advertisement for, \dress up <propfemale> palin \"" i think i preferred the nightmares    (who the hell comes up with these things?!)"""
"just realized the ultrasound image used in the msnbc \lean forward\"" advertisement is footage from the music video of \""walls\"" by crass (i do not recommend looking this up if you are weak of constitution) very carefully edited  i'm not sure if this is a case of an intern sneaking in a prank or just stock footage   """
"really likes watching the iranian national team - they may not be high rated, but they have excellent ball control "
i feel fine     as long as i don't try breathing  going to chws tomorrow 
you want my values-system inscribed on your skin? written in permanent pen so it can leach into your veins and turn your heart as black as mine?
ogee!
"mubarak stepping down? good, but the vp isn't much better "
"bad news - i have bronchitis    good news, the inhaled steroid they gave me is goooood   "
hey trump - you're fired from public life for being a fucktard  cpac is the only place you can get away with birther bullshit 
is becoming quite fond of <propmale> jazeera  the discussions on riz kahn are incredibly in depth and intelligent  it's like real news   
"grats, egypt  now, unfortunately, comes the hard part  getting democracy is easier than sustaining it  best of luck "
"the only problem with reading a really good book is that sometimes i really want to talk with the author to cross-examine them and get into their head  worse yet - there are times when i want to pull in people who haven't read the book just to get them to offer counterpoints  this may be my favorite book in political science, ever (and, as a result, it is taking me 4 or 5 times longer than it ought to read it) "
"oh <propfemale> arcade  \i want them tried in the hague!\"""""
um - that's a lot of hail    o o
father    please bless this fruit bowl    o o
my to do list seems to get longer every day  maybe world domination will have to wait until after i graduate   
had a productive meeting and really does love his field  even when it drives him spare 
perhaps i should have bronchitis more often   
so    iran? yeah - maybe my thesis isn't done   
"japanese is cancelled for tomorrow, so i get to watch the barcelona-arsenal game instead!"
"what sucks about my tuesdays: by the time i get home, everyone else has already had dinner, and so i am left to go eat alone "
montana friends: you are the only state from which both senators voted against re-authorizing the patriot act  grats 
i get the feeling that this is going to be a painful 90 minutes   
<propfirst> persie!!!!!!!!!
"arsenal wins  barcelona may be the \best team in the world\"" - but they didn't look so pretty today   laugh """
"<propfirst> <propmale> is my new favorite person, because she knows who tristian tzara is "
and a 30 <propfemale> introduction to a political science text manages to trigger an academic existential crisis  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
must shamefacedly admit he's forgotten how to solve cubic equations   
"gives up  fuck this stupid fucking assignment  fuck pythagoras and fuck archimedes, and particularly fuck fucking euclid!!!"
kinda wants to see other unions go wildcat over the bullshit attacks on public worker's unions in teabagger states 
"from steinmo's evolution of modern states: \a funny thing happened on japan's way to the us model; it never got there \"""""
did not get in to yale  two chances left 
"so - basically, i never thought i would discuss speciation and the state in a paper, but i find this argument so fascinating right now "
finished math homework    after 7 hours of work on the damn assignment  this was excessive 
reminder to those who would like to return us to the 19th century: liberals won for a reason: all the pinkertons in the world won't face down a riot  we live in an age of peaceful politics  take away the peaceful methods of negotiations and the norms of reciprocal democracy and you will reap the whirlwind 
"also, a friendly reminder from my friend auden: there is no such thing as the state "
oh - maybe i didn't mean to wake up quite this late   
new library website = has real problems  getting a list of call <propfirst> is a pain in the ass!
just came to the realization that he has no fucking clue what to do with himself if he doesn't get into grad school   
14 pounds in the last month  i rather like this 
"half a <propfemale> of work on a book    that's progress, right?"
cannot get his old zune to work and it is pissing him off 
"i realize that there is nothing good about this statement, but i just cannot imagine a man who looks as silly as gadhafi actually managing effective evil   "
zune is such a smarmy piece of shit 
working zune and homework - not a bad combination 
currently being amazed by the complexity of ancient chinese mathematics - much of the math we attribute to the arab world was done in ancient or medieval chinese texts 
"had forgotten the great fun of having an mp3 player - walking along, smiling along to an upbeat chumbawamba song with vicious anti-social lyrics is all sorts of fun  \we don't go to god's house any more saw the light and walked right out the door we don't go to god's house it's more fun in the doghouse we don't go to god's house any more \"""""
snow fail 
level up session at 830 in the sub 
"with all due repect, governor <propmale> (none), go fuck yourself "
"hopes his last class is cancelled, because he has no plans to show up "
needs to get himself a wisconsin t-shirt   
hates fasting blood tests    sooooo shaky  (didn't help that they took 3 vials)
has mysteriously lost his copy of bottom billion  fuck 
ouch 
only i could end up breaking a knuckle because i was dumb enough to dance on ice  thank you to the random passer-bye who checked to see if the dumbass on the ground was alright   
rejected by mit 
"in a piss-poor mood, but i do have a pretty fucking cool paper topic for my final paper in history of math: the mathimagics of <propmale>, <propfirst>, and cardano"
"would you rather be the architect of what we might create?  don't you remember when you were young?  and you wanted to set the world on fire?  somewhere deep down, i know you do   and all you remember when we were young how we wanted to set the world on fire because i still am and i still do"
playing an insane character is too easy when one is already out of whack   
"coming back from the solidarity rally in olynpia  good turn out, given the weather  5000 pro-union protesters there  200 tea baggers "
"so proud of the workers in wisconsin  i'm a cynic, but they do give me some hope that we aren't all fucked  solidarity "
"the program i was using to view images from the protests had the phrase \embiggen\"" in it    o o"""
probably should spend time collecting encyclopedic knowledge of something of actual use  being able to tell real anon from fake anon isn't going to get me employed   
"just cannot get excited by this book  it has its moments, but then i just want to fall asleep "
"good morning, world   "
"a public union employee, a tea party activist, and a ceo are sitting at a table with a plate of a dozen cookies in the middle of it \\the ceo takes 11 cookies, turns to the tea partier and says, 'watch out for that union guy  he wants a piece of your cookie '"
<propfirst> tzara - the poetry anonymous would write - if it wrote poetry 
still hasn't heard from berkeley - i hope that this is a good sign   
my printer is determined to make sure i am always late to writer's guild   
"cannot manage to get to the \awake\"" point this morning   """
fails 
"frustrated and aimless, again  the employment world is bullshit  you wanna do something useful? go get job e playful erience doing something useless  fuck that noise  starvation, here i come   "
fuck you uc berkeley - sending me a new version of your rejection letter to replace a 1 with a 2 in one date was neither necessary nor kind 
this next year is gonna suck ass 
"as ohio nicely demonstrates - republicans remain stupid, evil "
"<propfirst> <propmale> - not merely a thug and a bastard, but also a criminal "
"just found out that during the voice recording of the last scene of end of <propfemale>, the voice actor for shinji started to strangle the voice actress for asuka    apparently, it wasn't just the audience who were driven to madness by the show "
shinji influenced character for glass this summer? don't mind if do 
"you ran out of ink, too, didn't you, you bastards?"
"game session resurrection, go! pulling miracles out of my ass is a skill, i guess   "
ugh    well - we almost managed a draw  -_-
"has got to stop writing 'iro' when he means 'iru'    so far as i know, discussion-colored people are, at best, a synesthetic metaphor "
sick of right wing cry-babies and their enablers  poor babies have to be afraid of paying another million dollars in taxes  i've got so much fucking sympathy 
still working on giving a shit  i've not had a whole lot of reasons to feel <propfemale> towards the world recently 
from too few options to too many    o o
made it about 10 minutes into a japanese language copy of pokemon white before giving up the ghost and accepting that his language skills were note quite at the level they needed to be at for him to play in japanese (and that's even without kanji to make things worse!)   
"in a just world, wisconsin would look like cairo, right now   "
endgame leaked  i have good walking music for the day 
september's children may be the best song rise against has ever written 
time for a general strike  shut it all down 
"a war fought on debt is, by nature, a war without appreciable costs "
"<propfemale>t of gundam: unicorn is brilliant, with the homages to 2010 and <propfemale> wars  also - prime case for \what i watched; what i e playful ected; what i saw\""   """
"goldilocks' discovery of <propmale>'s method for approximation required surprisingly few changes  also, dad? why didn't i get badass fairytale-math lectures? i feel robbed   love  xkcd"
sleeping in a room that used to be mine    weird 
tank <propfemale> is best <propfemale>    right?
"almost forgot to wear black  happy st  cultural genocide day, everyone!"
"that was a lot less painful than i e playful ected    why are you playing with me, math homework?"
does anyone know who stole my sinuses and replaced them with heating coils?
"reading amateur fantasy authors is a wonderful e playful erience for the ironically inclined  i am absolutely tickled pink by the idea of \hot cacao\"" (indubitably less pleasant than the heavily processed hot cocoa that can be made from it) and \""magic castors\"" (i presume that these magical beavers are quite rare) """
"nice weather, good sports - oh look, we just started combat operations    boy is the cognitive dissonance getting to me "
things i never thought i'd see in the mls: <propfirst> keller with a beautiful save on a penalty from <propfirst> 
losing to the two best teams in the league in the first two games of the season is cold comfort when you are 0-2-0 with no goals 
"introduction, introduction, introduction, intro - this is really bland text   "
missing the crosscurrents first deadline is only made worse by the fact that i still have to engage in the excruciating process of selecting only three poems for submission 
the upside is - my introduction looks a hell of a lot like morozov's    the downside is: he beat me to it 
probably gave the most negative senior survey of all those asked to take it - but can you blame me?
"would be willing to teach civics at the high school level - if he were allowed to teach it in a way that actually taught anything  as its taught in most classrooms? sorry, not interested  i prefer to think most high school seniors are capable of finding their own asses, thank you very much "
listening to <propmale> markey (d-mass   ive idiot) talk out of his ass about nuclear power    what a self-righteous twit 
<propfirst> kucinich: also still stupid   
new protest the hero album only a week and a half after the new rise against album? don't mind if i do   
"is wearing size 42 pants for the first time in half of a decade  this is good news, heavily balanced by the fact that walking in said jeans is something of a production   "
scientology ads while reading daily kos    ick 
"any classical economist should reject trickle-down economics by finishing the second chapter of their economics textbook  the problem of diminishing returns ought to apply    but facts are hard, philosophies are easy "
kinda wishes he could go see rise against and bad religion on the 12th   
well - lyric editing sessions are a hell of a lot more productive after a year of writing primarily poetry  pity i haven't actually written a song in a year 
"the more one reads about <propfirst> orwell, the less one likes him "
apparently weather com has decided to give me my weather in chinese  well - i guess practice is a good thing 
"so - cool story, bro - the paper i thought was going to be incredibly banal has become a really fascinating paper thanks to a change in thesis  euclid may be my new favorite mathematician (not for his work - but for everyone else's work around his) "
surprisingly productive at 1 in the morning 
it never ceases to amaze me that we misunderstand most of the political liberalism (classical - not us political) we enjoy as something older than the last half century 
"<propmale> has been incredibly lucky, so far "
is this city actually cursed? is this the only possible e playful lanation?
seattle may be the worst good soccer team i have ever seen    this is utterly pathetic!
rip <propfemale> lamb  you will always be my favorite super-spy 
just realized that he needs soccer gear for this spring    finding size 16 training cleats    fuuuuuuuu 
"oh right - i'm supposed to start a blog on gaming  that's what i was going to do  strange special segments are popping into my head, but continuous content is what is needed  blah "
why is the england ghana game only available in french?
another pair of headphones irrevocably destroyed by the ine playful licable mechanism of headphone entropy  i swear to gods i'm cursed   
"thanks, phi beta kappa   laugh "
"sun, why do you rise so early? why is half of my room windows? why can i no longer sleep past 7 surprise 0    -_-"
needs to acquire a copy of the phantom toll booth 
"still needs to chose and edit a poem for the handy  it's a pity that \greetings from the valium generation\"" is the wrong tone for the english department   """
vaguely frustrated that it doesn't count as doing significant work on his thesis to gather a whole lot of data   
just unmotivated  must at least convince myself to do laundry   
"ogee, i wonder why iraq is such an outlier in terms of internet use    <propmale>, you're a goddamn idiot "
"lazy sunday, wake up in the late aftern- fuck, i have 5 pages of thesis due tomorrow "
who needs sleep?
the fucking gremlins have gone from driving my hair crazy to stealing my shit  i have now lost a japanese book and my comb  where the fuck do combs disappear to?
fell asleep in class    fuck the sunlight at 6 surprise 0 in the bloody morning   
does not understand how a comb can magically disappear  a better prank could not have been thought up if someone had invested hours in it 
"oh right    that's what being in shape looks like  got a while to go there, <propmale>   annoyed "
"hey, look at that, election season just started already! it's like a political thanksgiving that lasts a year and a half with your grumpy neighbors at the table "
"well, what do you know? i spend 2 years trying to avoid going to uw, and i'm gonna spend the next year doing nde there to build a resume  <propfemale> sigh "
<propmale> schwarzenberger: i'm e playful erimenting with form like you suggested and producing terrible post-modern drivel  i hope you're proud of yourself! (i should make you read it just to punish you )
"well - it would have been nicer for kloppenburg to win going away, but at least she looks to have narrowly edged prosser in the first count  given where she was a month ago, that is good news "
"restating the fundamental theorem: as above so below as below, so above "
"watching the weirdest soccer game he has ever seen  3 red cards, so far  none of them deserved "
"sadly, the gunnerkrigg glyph is not <propfirst>'s monad, as i had hoped it was "
wisconsin republicans steal election with transparent fraud? smells like it!
my comb randomly appeared in my desk  i have fucking gremlins  only e playful lanation 
"lerich is the most frustrating author i have ever read  every <propfemale> requires five minutes of decoding and getting at its meaning and then, half way through, he decides that he needs to make structuralism make sense! worse, he succeeds  what has been seen can not be unseen   annoyed "
heidegger is stalking me again   
"whether or not he actually said it, foucault is my new hero for allegedly dubbing derrida's writing \obscurant terrorism\"" """
 love  a calculated use of sound  i still have a hard time choosing between it and kezia for my favorite pth album 
the fact that open office corrects differance to difference makes me unreasonably happy 
rethugs promise to hold debt limit hostage for their retarded philosophy    morons 
"<propfirst> <propfirst> is an intensely fascinating character - but i see so many scholars' readings of him as being flawed by failing to view <propfirst> as a full human, not one divided into mathematician one day and magician the next  it is really frustrating to have an author provide clear evidence that the same neoplatonism that motivated him in magic motivated him in science and then say the opposite   "
google's <propfemale> to force me to unify my personal and professional life in their blog system really pisses me off 
my blog already has readers from ireland and poland  how cool is that? (don't tell me if you just happen to have a proxy based in ireland or poland  i will be sad )
<propmale> schwarzenberger <propmale> pembroke kahn i'm planning on leaving for <propfemale> at about 4:45pm (adding an extra 15 minutes to the drive for traffic)  do you mind meeting at my house?
"in cardano's \book of my life\"" chapter 42 is his section on prophecy  make of this what you will """
is very glad the president stood up to fight today rather than surrendering on the most important issues before us 
hmm    this paper is short of what i would like   annoyed 
so groggy   
bleh  i've hit the awkward point in japanese where the only way i'm going to get better is by discussion    and i don't have anyone to practice with 
"<propmale> pembroke kahn <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> phend <propmale> schwarzenberger <propmale> schmidtlein <propmale> wright  game is at 7 surprise 0 tomorrow  i'd like to use the chem room, but if we can't, the conference room from last time is great "
<propfirst> trump is not running for office - <propfirst> trump is running for attention 
things which piss me off: mls game day blackouts when i don't own a television and the cellar doesn't open until 4 surprise 0 
doesn't get to eat  bah 
"draw, but one that we had to fight like hell for  yay!"
altheus has been all sorts of fun for me  <propmale> thanks to all of my players for enabling my epic habit 
"in what is neither entirely surprising nor as obvious as it seems, goals for and goals against are strongly (p = about  04) correlated in <propmale> league soccer "
oh homestuck  you never fail to confuse me 
my house is possessed  random smoke detector symphonies while i try to sleep  panic attack re: carbon monoxide ensues  fuck everything 
fuck the smoke detectors in this house  now i'm completely awake and terrified  again 
waking up is hard to do   
"bury the hatchet is swiftly becoming my new favorite pth song for the amazing hell unleashed in the second repetition of \i swear i have compassion \"""""
in the uncomfortable period of waiting to edit a blog post  would like to get it out the door 
"fuck the library website  obvious button to reserve book? no  no button! but, its okay - if you request a book, the professor holding it has to return it  too bad you can't request it!"
"being informed that since i am one of the students who is furthest along, i need to present my paper for edits on tuesday is a distinctly mixed feeling  on one hand, it is gratifying  on the other, why <propmale>? why? i was at the point where i was almost done with hell week, and you added two more days!!!  annoyed "
"crosscurrents accepts my least favorite piece of all my submissions again  well, at least i managed to sneak in not-particularly-subtle occult imagery "
who trolls the troll? <propmale>  he's feeling pretty matrimonial!
write essay on world war 2    forget to mention holocaust  fail 
ine playful licable loss of paper  just what i needed 
"so  remind me why i'm doing something stupid like graduating? unemployment and a return to dismal suburbia sound like exactly what i want to do right now  yay, pointless boredom at the whim of pointless companies "
"vaguely puzzled by the fact that when the sun woke me up at 7 surprise 0 i wasn't tired, but when my alarm clock went off at 9 surprise 0, i was   "
"the less well known cousin of bach's well tempered klavier is the infinitely less popular well ordered klavier, a piece which induced much somnolescence in listeners "
"finishing 14 pages is like finishing the whole thesis, right?"
good news: thesis draft one is done  bad news: thesis draft one is only 17 pages 
now legitimately done with a first draft of the thesis    still too damn short 
<propfirst> <propmale> - this is bad  i can't stop watching   annoyed 
"on a scale from one to end of <propfemale>, madoka gets a solid serial e playful eriments lain on the depressing endings scale "
"was panning on cutting japanese  should not have gone to lunch - met sensei there, now stuck inside on a perfectly nice afternoon   "
"rumble does not have damage problems  if you think he does, you have what are colloquially referred to as \baddie problems\"""""
"kinda thinks the banks should be required to pay for the student loans of students who have graduated in the last few years - after all, they made it harder for their parents to help them and made it harder for them to find jobs "
"\you just haven't earned it yet\"" takes on a distinctly darker note in current context """
"apparently the library has lots of material on <propfemale> lovelace - this does actually surprise me slightly, but it is particularly odd because most of it is library use only, which i have never run into before  weird "
"what a haul, what a haul! free books are best books!  laugh "
"facebook has been completely e playful loited by these \test and keep\"" pages and stuff  gross and annoying """
"got posted on reddit (thanks, <propmale>)  apparently what i need is pictures  unfortunately, i am legitimately image illiterate "
"oh hey, look, someone hacked my wow account from a few years ago  fuck blizzard's awful security   "
e playful osed <propfirst> to the wonders of alestorm  i e playful ected him not to like them - but he's currently singing along with huntmaster 
<propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale> schwarzenberger <propmale> schmidtlein <propmale> pembroke kahn <propmale> phend <propmale> wright altheus starts a bit late today at 8 - i'm getting dinner with my parents 
done with notes for lovelace paper  just need to do the construction monday and tuesday  thesis final rough draft done  semester very nearly over for me 
"if i could draw, altheus would be a web-comic "
"blessed beltane! (and, if you're in the rest of the world, happy labor day!)"
osama is dead  good riddance to bad rubbish 
"has accidentally carried out a psychological e playful eriment with a poem  at this point, i just want to start sending the poem to people and getting their response to check my hypotheses "
is done with his thesis 
all my papers for the year are done  yay 
