aad2ca58ab2ffe537657bd6aa844ef89
working hard
is bored as hell at work  lol
is ready for 5 oclock 
"what a way to start the new year  stuck at the hospital with my little angel, trying to see why she doesnt feel good "
"just to keep everyone updated, <propfemale> is being admitted to the hospital for fluids and observation  we are hoping its just a bad stomach virus, but we will just have to wait and see "
"update: <propfemale> is resting peacefully, finally  lol  we are being kept at lebonheur overnight for fluids and observation  hopefully she will be doing better tomorrow and we can go home "
update: <propfemale> seems to be feeling much better today  no diarhea or vomiting since about 8 oclock last nite  hopefully we will be going home today
update: <propfemale> is off iv fluids for now  got to see if she can hold food and water down on her own  still not sure if we will be going home today or not 
man work sucks on a saturday!!!!!
whoo hoo!!!!! got a lot of stuff done today  lol 
just cant wait for june now  i applied for college yesterday but i cant attend class until then 
bwahahaha!!! its my evil laugh  lol
damn damn damn 
i really hate when <propmale> people are so fucking greedy and cheap  fuck you <propfirst> mathis!!!!!
wonders why my back hurts so bad  it seems like its starting to spread 
ahh  loritabs really help my back  lol
"whoo hoo!!!! interview in the morning for a new, much better job!!!"
cant wait til saturday
whoo-hoo!!!!! lol  i have no idea!
"man, what a great day to ride a bike!! lol"
happy easter everybody!!!
"whoo hoo!!! two weeks til my birthday, then just under a month until my daughters first birthday  man time flies  lol"
"whoo hoo!! almost my birthday, just 2 more days "
does not feel good  man i dont wanna be sick on my birthday!!
man it sucks being sick on your birthday!! and the weather isnt helping much 
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody!!
whoo hoo!! another week down  time for some relaxation!! lol
man another weekend gone!! where does the time go??
the new tattoo is halfway done so far 
the new tattoo is now complete  lol
the tattoo within the tattoo!! lol
i should have called in sick today!
happy mothers day to all the mamas of the world!! thank you all for all your hard work 
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
still cant believe my daughter will be 1 monday!! daddy loves you <propfemale>!
my little sweetheart is getting so big  already a year old and starting to walk  daddy loves you <propfemale>!!
ooohhhhh cake!!!!!! lol  wow what a mess!
i freaking hate the weather here  how in the hell can it be 85 degrees before 10 am?
is it friday yet? im so ready for a 3 day weekend 
what a twisted turn of good luck in life  i finally get a 3 day weekend and it ends up as my last weekend of freedom  lol  as of next weekend i start emt school all day saturdays and sundays 
so much for sleeping in 
happy memorial day to all those who have served our great country to protect the freedoms we all enjoy!!
"whoo hoo!! bike night was a blast!! lol  little or not, my bike gets a lot of attention "
yipee!!! i start school again tomorrow!! this should be interesting! lol
first day of class was great!!
i think im really gonna like school this time around  lol  the teachers are fun and they seem to really know their stuff 
"dont think ive ever wanted to just scream before, but i damn sure do now"
"dont think ive ever wanted to just scream before, but i damn sure do now "
is it over yet? no? dammit!!!! lol  so ready to relax 
is so fucking pissed off right now its not funny 
"my god, between working full time and school, i am so exhausted it aint funny "
its days like today when i really need a fucking punching bag 
this damn emscat online test makes me want to throw my damn computer  i just failed it for the 7th time and i have to pass it by sunday or i will be behind 
"happy fathers day to all the real fathers out there!! any boy can make babies, but it takes a man to be a father "
has decided that i am definitely going to paramedic school and am going to give it everything ive got because the people of the world deserve better paramedics than the idiot i met today 
is so fucking tired of people who think their shit dont stink 
great somehow i have managed to scratch my eyeball  this day has really sucked 
wow this is gonna be a busy week  gotta go ride an observation clinical wednsday and one on sunday  whoo hoo!! cant wait for the participation clinicals toward the end of july 
aaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
can't wait until tomorrow  i get a break from the shop while i go work on an ambulance for 12 hours 
"well the ambulance wasnt as exciting as i hoped today, but it was a nice change of pace  lol  maybe sunday will be better "
my god i hate the damn emscat test  it is so retarded  lol 
is spending the day with <propfemale>  we are gonna have a daddy daughter day!
whoo hoo!! another 12 hour ambulance shift tomorrow 
happy 4th of july everybody!!
wow 3 hours into a 12 hour ambulance shift and still nothing  man im bored!! lol
less than 3 hours left on this ambulance shift and we have run one call all day  this sucks!! what a waste of a holiday 
wow so both of my observation clinicals have really sucked  hopefully that just means the participation clinicals with the fire dept will be a lot more interesting in a few weeks 
"whoo hoo!! fireworks are a blast, especially when you almost lose a few fingers to a fast burning fuse!! lmao"
is so ready to get done with school so i can get the hell out of auto shops 
"god, please give me a gun with lots of bullets and a lot of targets  i really need to release some rage "
"i swear to god if anything else goes wrong right now, my fucking head is gonna e playful lode"
"somehow my daughter managed to strip herself naked from the waist down last nite  how she did that, i doubt we will ever know  lol"
man i am so ready for class to be done so i can get my emt license and get the hell out of the auto shop  three more weeks to go and they just cant go fast enough 
has learned today that i just cant win for losing  my boss fired me today so he could hire my replacement cuz im almost done with school 
"people please, for the love of god, please strap your children into a carseat properly if you are gonna go somewhere with them, cuz tragedies like today can be so easily prevented "
whoo hoo!! just found out when my practicals and graduation dates are  i am almost a certified emt-iv 
man if it wasnt for bad luck i wouldnt have any luck right now 
has learned that it is nearly impossible to get any homework done with a 15 month old  lol
is now taking donations to help with the costs of licensure exams and license as an emt  being unemployed the last two weeks has seriously depleted my funds 
"is so thankful for my family  just when i think im screwed, my family is there to help me out  thank you all so much "
final exams today  wish me luck 
dammit i need a pool  lol
on my way to take my exit exam  wish me luck
scored perfect on my practical exams today  now i just gotta pass the license exam 
"a firefighter is missing their family while caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this: firefighters all over the world are saving lives  it's firefighter appreciation week    repost if you are a firefighter, love a firefighter or appreciate a firefighter!!!!"
"whoo hoo!! graduation time!!! lol  graduation is wednesday nite at 6pm  if you wanna come, let me know and i will give you details "
"whoo hoo!!! one exam down, one left to go and i will be a nationally registered emt "
whoo hoo!!! graduation day!!
man what a day!! graduated emt school tonite and got my motorcycle fixed today! hell yeah!! lol
going to go take my license exam at 8 am tomorrow!! wish me luck! did really good on the pretests so i should be fine  lol
whoo hoo!!!! i am now a nationally registered emt!!!! hell yeah!!!!!
man i wish i had the money to get a tattoo tonite  lol
so excited!! finally got registered  now i cant wait til monday so i can go interview with this ambulance company  no more crap jobs for me  lol
whoo hoo!! orientation is going great  get to do a ride along tomorrow and i start my own unit and shift monday
is hoping today goes well 
is getting really tired of waiting on these people 
will never understand the excitement of watching sports  it is way too damn boring 
this is some grade a bullshit going on right now  somebody needs to get this shit straightened out now!!!
"today please take a moment to remember all the brave souls that died on september 11, as well as all those who have died since to defend freedom  thank god for firefighters, ems personnel, military personnel, and leos "
"well the bachelor party should be all set  reserved the hotel room today, just a few blocks from beale  oughta be a blast  good luck <propfirst> and dd  cant wait for the wedding, even if i have to look like a penguin  lol  as for that whole marriage thing, i will pass, thanks   lmao"
"aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! i really, really hate bureacracy!!! this is so much bullshit!"
aaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! somebody please give me a gun and a box of bullets so i can take out this frustration! i will solve all this bureaucratic bullshit real quick 
"alright, motorcycle riding in the rain! yippee! lmao "
"thank god!!! found out tonite that i am finally being released from the first part of \therapy\"" so i can finally be licensed and start working!! its about time!!!!"""
"god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, the courage to change the things i cannot accept, and the wisdom to know where to hide the bodies of people that get in my way  amen"
"california, you dissapoint me  you were so close!!"
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! that is all  lol
im so ready to go just straight up psychotic 
"so now that limewire is shut down, anyone know any good file sharing sites?"
aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
honestly wants to know what the fuck is wrong with the world today? can anyone give me a good answer?
"i really, really, really hate all this government regulated bullshit  all this pain and headache over something in the past that aint really any of their damn business to begin with "
have a happy turkey day!
inbox only: 2010 is coming to an end  send me a confession youve been wanting to tell me all year (stays between us)    post this as your status and you might be surprise with what you get
oh my god!! its about time i finally started getting some good news again  lol
"man, finally making progress towards getting my license and getting back to work  its about time "
i find it kind of funny how many members of my family are in college all at once  lol 
man it has been one hell of a week!!!
whhhhoooooooooooohooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finally got my emt license issued!!!! hell yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"just when i think my luck is changing, it goes right back to shit  first i had to put the bike temporarily out of service til i can replace some bolts, and now my truck may be permanently out of service "
are the holidays over yet?
any of my good friends up and around this morning? lol  i need a ride to the store so i can fix my truck 
yes!!! finally got my truck fixed  now i just gotta get a better drill bit so i can finish fixing my bike 
"update: looks like we arent going anywhere tonite  she has been holding down liquids, but she still aint eating much "
"well, another night in a hospital room with my little angel "
"anybody up and want to chat? im not tired enough to go sleep yet, but this hospital room is boring "
"update: <propfemale> is still in the hospital  she still isnt eating much  she is drinking, just not quite as much as they want, so they may have to put her back on the iv fluids  all depends how she does today "
"update: its looking like we may be spending 1 more night here  <propfemale> just isnt eating or drinking much still, and she is still kind of pale, so they may hook her back up to the iv fluids for one more night "
"update: its official, we are staying another night in the hospital  hopefully if all goes well we will be going home tomorrow "
update: we finally get to go home today  whoo hoo!! 4 days is quite enough thank you  lol
update: we are home!!!! lol
"well, <propfemale> feels better, but now i think i have caught the bug  been up and down all night "
"well, all in all it has been an interesting past few weeks  both my vehicles broke down, then it was the holidays, then i spent 4 days in the hospital with my daughter, now skyler and i both got the stomach bug she had  the good news is i finally got my license, passed my compass exam, and enrolled to go back to school  so yeah, busy busy! lol"
whoo hoo!! registered and ready to go back to school! lol  now i just gotta get all my books 
here we go again  <propfemale> is back in the hospital  its the return of the evil stomach bug with a vengeance  she is back on the iv and receiving fluids 
update: <propfemale> is home now  she is doing much better 
"what do you know? for once, the weather man was right  we actually got a little bit of snow "
"anyone looking for pets? i have a cat and a dog i need to get rid of  i would prefer to send them off as a pair since they are friendly with each other, but will seperate if necessary "
"well, i am registered for class, books are paid for, and classes start on thursday  oughta be a good week "
wow  i went from being the last day of aries to the second day of aries  lol  everyone else in my family changed signs 
"well, so far so good  started back to school last thursday, now i just gotta get into a routine so i can get everything i have to do done  lol"
"aaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! i just want to hit,shoot, or blow up someone or something!!!"
"i swear to god if it wasnt for bad luck, i wouldnt have any damn luck at all "
"would like to officially say to whoever stole my keys today,you better hope i never find you, cuz if i do it aint gonna be pretty "
"what a day!!! i swear i cannot wait to get the hell out of memphis and away from all these crooked ass people  someone stole my keys this morning at 9am, and yet after i break my bike ignition and drive it home, they somehow turn up at the school  sorry sucker, did you really think i was gonna let you steal my property?"
"tomorrow is gonna be interesting  i get to babysit three 6 year olds, a 5 year old, a 4 year old, and a 20 month old  should be an eventful day "
"well, so far so good  the only one giving me any trouble is the 4 year old  lol"
"whoo hoo!! gotta get the kids off to school, then come home and get ready to go to my school  lol  im actually enjoying being back in college, though  kinda wierd, considering how much i hated high school!"
"man, english is just such a boring subject  lol  at least my writing is good enough the teacher leaves me alone and lets me do what i want "
lol  i love a and p!!! when is the last time i had an excuse to sit down and color? lmao
attn peoples        i need boxes  preferably big boxes  lol 
yay!!! i actually get to go to my psychology class tonite  it was canceled last week  lol
anybody want to come help me move today?
well things are finally starting to look up  i had an interview yesterday and i have another one tomorrow morning  hopefully by next week i will finally be employed as an emt 
he who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man 
"well i had two interviews this week, now i just gotta wait for orientation  hopefully in the next week or two i will be working "
green bay all the way baby!!!!
yeaaaa!!!! i finally got a job  i start monday morning 
"well, once again the sight of snow has caused chaos here in memphis!! lol  i will say this though, at least it was a reasonable amount of snow this time "
"attention: anyone with kids in the horn lake area, i will be getting rid of some ride on toys for smaller children today  if interested, they will be on the curb at 6455 riverdale cv  off of mayfair "
"ggrrrrrr!!!!!! i swear after the last week of dealing with at&t over internet service, i really dont understand how they are still operating  those people have their heads so far up their ass it aint even funny!!"
"congratulations to all those who are engaged to be married, or are married  you have fun! i want nothing to do with that evil little m word  lol  not until im at least 30 "
i cant wait to go get my new motorcycle today so i can ride it to work this week!!!
"man i can't wit til the morning! never thought id be this excited to start a new job!! lol  that and the new motorcycle, it has been a great weekend!!"
i really hate valentines day!! like we really need another excuse to buy useless crap!
i really wish that facebook would stop changing stuff  every time i get used to one thing they change something else
i am completely exhausted! my first day on the unit and i end up working a 15 hour shift  lol
today is gonna be one of those days  hopefully i can make it through without commiting murder! lol
i am so ready to go home and go to bed  im still tired and i have to work again tomorrow! lol  i love my new job though 
well so far work is awesome  lol  i really like it 
went to a clubhouse opening for the iron horsemen tonite! had a blast!
i am just so happy that i finally have a job that i really like  i can honestly say i look forward to going to work now 
the best part about working the grizzlies game        getting to watch the dancers practice before the game  lol 
"well, turns out the overnite shift is not as exciting as i had hoped  been here since 7, here it is midnite, and we have only had one call  lol  o well, money is money "
"well, at least we are past the half way point now  lol  on shift until 7am "
someone please rewind facebook to the way it was 6 months ago  all these new changes are really aggrivating me 
someone please rewind facebook to the way it was 6 months ago  all these new changes are really aggrivating me 
everyone please pray for <propfemale> silvestri  she was in a very bad accident on her way to work yesterday afternoon and will be in the hospital for a long time 
"<propfemale> has 8 broken ribs, 2 broken shoulders, 4 broken vertebrae, bruised lungs, and is still in critical condition "
"man, yesterday was long but fun  had some scottish lady tell me she oughta spank me for getting those tattoos on my forearms  lol  gotta love old people "
"is at the fed ex forum working first aid for the grizzlies game  anyone wanna come say hi, come see me on the plaza level "
cant wait for the warmer weather to come back  its more fun to ride without a full suit of leather  lol
whoo hoo!! working first aid at the grizzlies game again  if you come to the game feel free to come say hi 
