0a2be321e0ad5f5d47541fb6e6c2a134
adventure time! time to get lost in japan for starters on a new decade  photos are soon to come
"i had the most delicious japanese dinner, though i over ordered a but  i got lost in japan and got super frustrated  it was a good day "
finally beat metal gear solid 2 but at the e playful ense of my weekend
"got some sleep last night, and now i think that monster energy drinks are made of energizer bunnies"
"it's been a long week, hope to just sleep    zzz"
"it's still too hot here in the south!! wish someone would do something about  guess i can't whine if i don't do it myself  i'll take over the world and then make this place colder  or just move  anyway, weekend was way too short"
if i had a cool beard i think that i would be eligible to be a renegade cop with nothing to lose
it's so hot today that we got out of training  an unprecedented 120 degrees  so i've been just chilling
i want to know what everyone is doing right now! tell me!!
"man, tropical storms are fun  everything goes woooosh!!"
the longest most boring weekend just happened at my place 
"man, 100 push ups really can a man down a notch  i'm ready for bed "
"i got a alot on my mind  this week has been especially stressful when it comes to getting back home  i have 7 more weeks here in mississippi, and then i'm off to home "
burnt my mouth on french bread pizza
i passed another test after an all nighter  i'm beat  phew  calling it a night
has been playing blazbule all weekend long  i need to get out 
getting ready for <propmale>!!
"had an awesome time in florida this weekend  no time to share photos, will do that tomorrow "
"more tired than i should be  must be the constant <propfemale> weather  well, i'm a wreck and i'm hoping to just make it through to the end of the week  then after i conquer that i'll have to just finish the rest of this month to get back home  turning in, night world "
"i slept at work when i wasn't supposed to  haha  i don't even feel bad  haha again! going to be really busy getting doing all the paperwork to get back home in two weeks  can't wait, i'll crash everyday "
"tired out of my mind, and a bit savage because of it  fell asleep seven times during the day and that has never happened before  i got a stupid roommate who kept me up all night with stupid questions  i need to go to bed "
crazy tired  this entire week seems like an exausting dream  i'm glad it'll be over by tomorrow
"haven't told anybody, but for the last few weeks i have been in maine hanging with everybody  i only have two weeks left!"
i'm here at gulfport mississippi  next stop japan all the way!!
"the thunderbirds came to town and so did 200,000 japanese locals  screw the thunderbirds, i got to eat japanese food       on a stick!! fyi wasabi does go through your nose if you eat it too fast  and it burns like hell "
"it's halloween here in misawa right now  not going to join in the festivities, never since i was 12 but i am going to scope out how they do things here in the east  peace"
"kinda screwed up on this italian stuff i bought  i swear to god i was just curious  well, the cat knows better but oh well  just lost a game of poker  it sucks "
"studying during the night shift, yeah!"
i have to go to the dentist today and i'm not looking forward to it at all 
"can't go to sleep, can't go to sleep, can't go to sleep, can't go to sleep "
getting my molar drilled hurts so friggin much!!
got to drive for the first time in japan and in three months
i hate the post office  a bunch of scrooges 
cleaning up alot of internet messages 
over slept by five hours or so
"my life finally seems to be coming together  i got a car today, and mind just e playful loded into brain jelly "
it's new years everyone  time to do things all over again 
just chilling for today 
doing some homework 
watching a horror movie and tweaking out 
"feeling groggy like a pirate in the morning  i hate waking up, but then i hate over sleeping  it's a big problem "
"i am finding that winning the daily bread just involves me sitting on my ass  easy, no?"
"just the men who stare at goats and it was hilarious   \put down the gun!\"" \""man i'm hungry\"" lol"""
i had something to say but i guess i'll say it some other time 
we just got hit with a monsoon snow storm and i'm dead tired of shoveling 
i have never shoveled so much snow in my life  i'm hurting all over and just want to go to bed 
i just watched an hour of pro wrestling and i think that a part of me has just died  it is the most frustratingly stupid thing i've ever seen and i will never get that hour back again 
working hard
the apples they grow here are absolutely the best i've had 
acting is so hard if no one plays along 
i can't drive american vehicles anymore!!
got into a slight accident today  nothing <propmale> but everyone else seems to be blowing their tops off  worst nightmare so far to date 
i hope everyone had a good valentines day  let the love shine on through everybody! peace and love 
nothing beats the fair weather of spring breaking in to the year  ahhh      feels great 
freak snow storm just bombed the base yesterday  got the day off whooo!
went to go see an illusionist and won a free pizza  chalk today up as a win everybody!
i have decided to finally get serious when it comes down to facebook  been a way for a while but now i am here to stay 
by the power of gray skull!!
right now i'm listening to some epic instrumentals as i watch it become another good day 
"it's been a good day, what else do you people want from me?"
66 degrees outside and the <propfemale> blossoms loo beautiul  shame i missed the festival today  couldn't figure out how to get there  next weekend i am definitely raiding hirosaki castle for all its worth mwahaha
contemplating plans on returning to motherland          hmmmmmmm
zegads!! the sun is up  quickly there is no time lose!
i really hope that today turns out alot better than yesterday
thinking about being at peace with the world
is super lazy today  you heard it from the horses mouth everyone
"is working hard for my pt test  lots of pushups, lots of pushups "
alrighty then
today was a piece of cake  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm    cake
"fixed my car today, and i have a new found hate for mechanics"
in home country internets browses you
in the wreckage of everything around i am simply left     iritated
"the sun is shining, the birds are in the air, and the ninjas are relaxing in the shade  it's a good day  going to get my car back from the shop "
um   so yeah
you know my alarm clock never works  so why do i keep setting it?
when i grow up i want to be built like brick shit house 
finally! i finally got some grade a quality sleep for once  i feel great 
loves funk music
it's raining again  looks like i am going to stay inside do somethings productive like read a book 
woke up feeling like i just lost a fight against a gorrilla made of used car parts  so much pain!
trying today out with a little bit gusto 
i wish i had a bowl of frosted flakes cuz i want to start this day feeling grrrrrreat!!
i effing hate zombies! they always wake me up when i am trying to sleep  there is nothing more i hate than ficken zombies 
sometimes i wish i could turn off the gears in my head 
i wonder what is going to make my day today  any suggestions?
honestly i can't keep myself awake right now  have tried energy drinks and every thing else and i am still drowsy  30 minutes until the end of the work day and then i can forage for food and then hibernate  bears move over  i'm fricken tired 
hahahahahahaha  i laught at you
after work today i'm going to see the new shrek movie  watched them all last weekend and now i am compelled to buy them all  <propfirst> myers always makes me laugh  no not the cereal killer 
what a weekend  saw two new movies  <propmale> of persia and shrek forever after   magnifico for both of them  just glad that a movie that is based off of a video game didn't suck  it's a downward spiral for that genre 
matsushima was a blast  saw some thing i never saw before  bought somethings that i never bought before  and ate somethings i never ate before  like cow tongue and oysters  yuck! yup it was good    well >_> except for crying babies    for three hours! all the way back 
fuck the world
 sad 
wants to be stress free
"servers down, can't do any work until then  now i am idle "
to tired to write this message  so how did i do it?
"happy fathers day to all dads, pops, and padres out there "
it's way too hot to be heaven  so this must be the other place 
thinks that life would be so much simpler if i was a single celled organism  too simple
is studying my japanese pretty intently 
pacific rim earthquakes make very very good alarm clocks
"i am feeling pretty depressed knowing that i didn't get to go to portcon this past weekend  trying not to beat myself up over this  but i wanted to go so much  and am so full envy for those that did  i shouldn't complain, i think just go tokyo next weekend or something "
looking at the bp spill and how that it is hurrican season  i am really glad to be out of mississippi forever! n_n
"are we human, or are we dancer?  frowny "
hates not being in the same time zone as everyone that knows him  but deals with it anyways 
i feel like the world is laughing vehemently at me behind my back
guess what? i'm not angry like a bull that just got disrespected 
going to nights starting today and helo <propfemale>!
"have to wakeup tomorrow and see if i can fight to make it out of bed, and then work out  it's going to be tought  the waking up part i mean "
"it's been forever since i have been on facebok  screw it night shifts has made me really busy as of late, but it's good to be back "
good god  the heat wave is finally over and now i can eat ice cream without it melting instaneously from the humidity  went to the hachinohe beach this weekend and got devastated by the waves that hate small people  i'm still digging out sand out of my ears 
i am waiting to spontaneously combust any day now  i swear it's going to happen soon 
today is fail  i wanted to go to the beach today but i am sick with the flu and it is raining outside right now 
hit em right in the eyes 
"ok, so today is my birthday  that's great  i'm old, and able to drink wherever i want "
i should be sleeping right about now     but i wanted to say that surfing out here is the absolute best 
sorry but for the next few days i will be without skype for awhile 
"natural instinct tells me i need to hibernate longer today, but duty and responsibility tells me i should get up and let the day give me a licking"
hey look i got my skype up and running again  woot woot
has anyone ever shown up to work not knowing that they had a free day off that day and wasn't supposed to show up? yeah      that happened today 
<propmale> 'iz' kamakawiwo'ole's music is just too damn relaxing  it's scary
i can't feel my legs 
i got a b on my card so i passed the test  i eat the red crayons cuz they're the best
other than some things e playful loding today is the perfect day         to hit the waves!!  laugh 
just got done playing the <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world or spvw the game! now i am really pumped to go watch the movie and i don't mean that crappy bootleg stuff  64 hit combos all around!!!
wants to party!
weird night
is at a zero today
loves sleeping especially when i've only had 3 hours of it in the last 2 days and hates to do anything to ruin that  so i am just going to sleep now 
is lying about this comment
"i just saw the studio ghibli movie  it's called um    something ariette  for those who know who hayao miyazaki is, just to let you know it is awesome!"
"eating some lasagna, fixing my guitar and watching an episode of katanagatari  don't ask "
"i'll be <propfirst>, i'm not feeling too good "
"what's that? yeah i hate it too when other people volunteer you for stupid stuff on your weekends and then tell you at the last minute  i just got done baking 26 cakes with my friend <propfirst>, and now i don't know what to do with them  anyways, i have to turn in really early cuz i am going to be a security forces guy  yeah       "
"okay, so this entire weekend was crap in terms of events  to start off, i have a bunch of cakes that i made and have absolutely no idea what to do with them  i just spent 14 hours working security forces on 2 hours of sleep and 3 cans of coffee  it wasn't that bad though  <propmale> out with jasdef members suzuki yousuke and sakagami keisuke senpais  they were cool  \uhhhg turning in for the night   sad "
"oh crap, work!"
is reading the <propfirst> pilgrim books and is definitely relating to his personality 
looks like one of us is going to have to die  > sad 
i'm getting free microsft points at http annoyed  microsoft-points com 71694
is the fighting game champ!
the mere act of waking up this morning is making me regret going to bed at all  i need more caffeine!
jets!!! dx i hate jets  they're everywhere and i can't get any sleep 
has a murderous cold  possibly flu  not quite there yet  sad 
"just got done iming with the most amazing person in the world, from apparently the most amazing state in the us  i take their word for it "
when you god gives you pine cones you say screw it and have a pine cone fight 
can do a 64 hit combo 
is feeling great after this weekend  you know that parties and trips around japan can do that to a guy 
vini vini vichi  poof i am gone 
i am in a pretty bad mood as of right now 
"i have been infulenced by movies to jump out a window to make a daring escape  why? cuz it's cool, that's why!!"
"so onsens or public baths are a triple threat  they a culture-ly enlightening, very awkward, and really really relaxing  i almost fell asleep in one of the heated pools  then later that day i went to see the <propmale> potter movie and then realized that shit i haven't even read this book so i didn't even know what was going on  i'm so special "
"happy thanksgiving everybody  now bring on the food, and the itus     zzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
needs to brush up on his skillz that killz
"shit, two days ago my car was destroyed (mostly) by another  i was just parked and sitting there "
"dun, dun, dun  this day sucks"
"finished both christmas shopping for a certain individuals, laundry, and i killed over 800 zombies  i say i did good before turning in today "
"so um yeah      <propfemale> christmas everyone sorry i was a little late on that  mine was good, not any better than last year but yeah "
crashed into two snowbanks yesterday  what fun  smile 
"sup facebook, haven't been on in a while "
daaaaaaaaang  i failed my exam  derp
"snowboarding,  a process of learning to stand up, falling down very very very hard, learning to get back up, and then find some icy hot    ouch"
why do i always lose my small important stuff!!
"sweet, it's practically spring over here in japan"
my biological clock is all messed up  i need to sleep right 
it's valentines day     i kinda wish i were more compassionate about it for some reason 
so what's next?
so much crap to do  arrrrrg
going snowboarding tomorrow  i'm going to rock as best as i can 
"dear facebook  at okunakayama i learned all about leafing and carving  the latter with little success  to sum things up, snowboarding destroyed me hahahaha"
"when you put your foot on the gas and the break at the same time, bad things happen "
for some reason i just don't have any motivation to anything right now
building a computer is pretty fricken difficult
just when you think that it is spring  bam  you're hit with another freezing day of winter  fricken mother nature  the first prankster 
ugh   slept on my face again  no blood circulation 
:[]
apparently there were 27 earthquakes here in the last 24 hours  i sat through the biggest one here in front of my screen  lol  messed with all my stuff  i could actually see the building move in relation to the ground 
feeling bummed
"huge earthquake  right up there in the 8 8 category  survived, no big deal  a little freaked though "
48 hours  so much has changed in such little time including my perspective here  i was just going about doing my usual buisness and then all this happens  i'm just trying to get my bearings straight  so much for best laid plans right?
we got da power!!!
another earthquake this morning and now i feeling nauceous
kung fu movie night!!
omg!! work graphics card work!!
resting up before i get on the plane later today 
getting on the plane boss
if anyone was wondering why they were getting a bunch of unsolicited e-mails from me in the past couple of days it's because someone has hi-jacked my e-mail account and sending spam in mass distribution  so just ignore me for now
arrived in la got san <propmale> no prob 
"okay so <propfemale> sucks, and san <propmale> airport is all ass backwards  thank you universe  my plan got cancelled and i have to take an entirely new one here in la  so a little good news is that i get to stay over night in tokyo for one day  but the rest sucks  poot on that "
"so i went to seaworld the other day, and it was awesome  got to do everything short of riding shamu myself "
