fe04374325e8f015fe46b27d26f97cd0
<propfemale> i  got up at 4am   what time were you thinking about coming over 
there must be be some proverb about waking up to the ground covered with snow on new years day   i think it's going to be a great year   i can't remember the last time it snowed in lake california 
"going to breakfast with my husband and then making it a day of movies, going to see the tourist and tron, should be fun!"
what's on your mind?put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? 93% won't copy and paste this  will you?
on the back seat of the car!
"<propfirst> sides update from zynga  the developers are trying to fix the problems   they are asking everyone to not feed or fertilize neighbors farms there are so many trying to do it, they can't get the issues solved  please pass this on to your neighbors and friends   copy and paste  smile  please so they       can hopefully fix things and get everyone back on their farms"
"to all my zoo world friends and neighbors, could you all send me pear trees please  i have the need to plant an orchard  thanks "
please send me pear trees in zoo world 
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant    other and make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile   we've been together for 26 or 27 years, i forget, and we've been married for 23 years l"
"to all my neighbors:  thank you for all your horse stable gifted materials, but alas my stable is finished and full of horses "
"i should be packing for my trip tomorrow, but i'm tired, so i'm going to nap "
"to all my friends, family and neighbors,  i will be off the air probably until monday   i'm driving to texas for work,  will catch up when i get back online   thanks for all your gifts, and i did start my second la maison!  love you all "
i'm back online!!
goodnight everyone 
"i went outside to have a cigarette and it is snowing in gun barrel city, which is not good for my cold "
still snowing in gun barrel city!
it's finally stopped snowing!
"my cold that i've had for 6 weeks now, turns out to be a severe infection from my nasal passages down to my vocal cords   i'm on 100% voice rest for two weeks   this is going to be hard!!  full of meds also "
every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays         attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who responds
i like it on the computer desk!
"giggle ? are you ready!!!    you've been spanked! grab a paddle and spank all the friends you think have been naughty and deserve a spanking (including me)! even the friends you think are just plain hot! if you get 2 spanks back, you're looking good; 3-4, someone's naughty; 5-6, smoking hot; 7+, damn, you're on fire !!  8 hours ago"
"on my way home to california after surgery, its kind of cool, i can't drive for 10 days   that leaves my husband doing all the driving   awesome!  we left killeen this afternoon after visiting my sister in law   we stopped in wichita falls for the night   will keep everyone updated "
"all is well   we left gallup, nm this morning and made it to my dad's house, still a full day of driving on thursday "
"i finally made it home, only to find out my grandson has taken liberties with my couch, slobbering all over it   time to do some cleaning   it's great to see the grandkids   hope everyone has a peaceful night "
which <propmale> dunham character are you? -- my result: <propfirst> jalapeño  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 73833 referrals status?aid=703174397
what tattoo design represents you the most? -- my result: lillies  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 682463 referrals status?aid=703174397
what decade fits your personality best? -- my result: 1970's  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 207044 referrals status?aid=703174397
what kind of bitch are you? -- my result: sweet bitch  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 234027 referrals status?aid=703174397
what is your soul color? -- my result: your soul color is blue  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 685461 referrals status?aid=703174397
which alignment are you? -- my result: lawful neutral  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 138221 referrals status?aid=703174397
"getting my domestic side on today   laundry, cleaning, cooking, organizing, omg what next!!"
"i ve been on here way too long today, goodnight to everyone, going to cook dinner, hopefully i will talk with you tomorrow   sleep well "
i seriously have to go shopping today   have to find a dress? maybe for my son's wedding   we'll have to see   in pink no less   lol!
"time to check on dinner, making salmon patties, garlic potatoes and brussel sprouts   yum!"
some people have broadband mouths and dial up minds -- remember people think before you speak!!
i'm about as bored as <propfirst> strait at a lil <propmale> concert!
"farming will have to wait, i'm off to see \resident evil-after life\"" 3d"""
"what's on your mind? they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and don’t hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but that you will always love them  re-post if you have at least one friend like this"
"i fell for your personality, you're looks are just brownie points, and your eyes, omg  smile "
"does anyone ever wonder why coffee houses can't seem to get your drink right?  i just had the most amazing e playful erience at starbucks in <propmale>   i have to share   i was at the speaker ordering my drink, which by the way is unique, venti <propfemale> macchiato, two pump vanilla, four pump hazelnut, extra extra <propfemale>, with whip, no foam "
"i love getting presents, i woke up from my morning nap, because i can nap when i want to, lol, only to be informed that i had 4 packages waiting for me   i love getting presents  one of which was my new droid x   i'm so excited!!!!!"
i love my new phone!!!!!!!!!!!!
"time to take a nap, than get ready for the wedding at 4   hope the weather holds off "
"dinner tonight is looking like stuffed <propfemale> peppers, salad with balsamic dressing and green beans cooked with butter and onions!!! that will do the trick "
"to all my friends and neighbors, if you receive anything that says its a video from me or possible any of your friends, do not open it, its a virus "
there is nothing as good as hearing nickleback in every corner of my house   yeah!!!!
<propfirst> is actually making dinner tonight   go <propfirst>!!!
"i've never laughed so hard in my life   <propfirst> and i have been cleaning out the garage all day long, getting ready for a yard sale next weekend    we get done with half the garage by 6pm   we come in the house, i get on the computer, when he yells from the bedroom, \where's my dinner\""!!  i'm still laughing!!  he's on his own tonight """
time to go finish the other half of the garage  oh what fun!
"dinner options have changed tonight for the better, i don't have to cook and neither does <propfirst>   we're going to get pizza!!!"
"time to take a nap already, go figure!"
"omg, i just found out that when i go back to work on the 3rd, i am taking over the fresh areas, which i know nothing about, but on the other hand very willing to learn   omg!!!"
"dinner tonight was awesome, slamon patties, sour cream and chive potatoes, green beans and peas   yes i fed my husband,lol"
keeps clicking my heels three times but when i open my eyes i'm still at work  must have grabbed the wrong shoes! not again!
"holy shnickies batman, it doesn't pay to go to work, when i come home 100 gifts requests, but i'll take them, thanks friends and family!!!"
you told me we could still be friends and that nothing would change      now the only time you talk to me is when you need information on my other friends     
i like it all the time on the computer desk!
thanks to my friend for sending me grizzly bear  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com farmville-gi-ghbheb home?url=&tv3=nqrsawmfe%2buw2s2dmdbcmiimnu%2b1ahw5yg%3d%3d
thanks to my friend for sending me new mystery box  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com farmville-gi-ghbheb home?tv3=nqrsawmfe%2buw2s2dmdbcmiimnuc0bbs7yg%3d%3d
"power is down at the house, they are changing out a pole, what to do      "
what's on your mind?love leaves a memory no one can steal 
"all you really need    is the love of the people who love you, not the ones that pretend to!"
9 5 inches
"my parents were mean to me when i was a kid! they made me do chores, go to\church and school  they gave me a curfew, made me work for the things i\wanted  they insisted that i do my best at school and my job and take pride in my work  i grew up with morals, a good work ethic and respect             for other people and the law  i thank god everyday for my mean   parents! (copy and paste if you agree) "
the most amazing relationships stem from two people who are attracted to each other and cant act on it until they find out they cant live without each other  love 
i love you now as i have from the start & ill love you 4ever with all of my heart ill never leave you its too hard to do bc when im w o you my heart brakes in 2
"when things in your life don't add up, then maybe its time to start subtracting  something to think about "
": smile if you just had a naughty thought    yep, you just smiled!!! lol"
"what's on your mind?true friends don't care when you're broke,what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies  they love you for who you are  true friends can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship  repost    if   you have at least one true friend they will know who they are!"
"never hold your head down,never say i cant,never limit yourself, and never stop believing in yourself you are special and gifted so get up get out and get yours"
"please, put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay \my wish for 2010-2011 is that people will understand that being gay is \neither a disease nor a choice  people who are gay are not looking for a\cure; they're looking for acceptance & equal rights! 93% won't copy\    and paste this  will you make it your status for at    least one hour? \hate is easy  love takes couragesee more"
"i fall asleep thinking of you \dreaming of things i wish were true \as i wake i shed a tear,\cause i awake with out you here "
"sorry everyone, i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy,    will be without money  i cannot let that person be me   copy within 11 <propfemale>  hey it can't hurt!!!!"
what type of love are you? -- my result: agape  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 328024 referrals status?aid=703174397
"attention attention all passengers flying flight sleep123 from now to morning, the plane is now boarding passengers from gate 1 thanks and have a nice flight  smile "
"people put you down enough, you start to believe it   the bad stuff is easier to believe   you ever notice that?"
my eyes are telling me to go to bed but my brain is saying just a little more facebook please  so i'm giving in and going to bed  catch you all tomorrow  sweet dreams!!
amazing! see who is viewing your profile! ----> http annoyed  bit ly auy2yn
"i have cared and i have loved only to have my heart handed back to me in pieces  now, all i want is for one man to prove to me they're not all the same "
"i might have fallen for you, but i won't fall, until i'm certain you are willing to catch me "
"i am an un-apologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grew up reciting this every morning in school  it's a shame we no longer do, for fear of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone "
"<propfemale> carte cooper:asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\""\",fe04374325e8f015fe46b27d26f97cd0,"dinner's done  i made baked rotini in marinara, topped off with monterey <propfirst> cheese   now for some more facebook "
"has anyone actually received a turkey in their gifts   i accept the gift and it goes into my farm, but there is no turkey in the gift box or my coop?"
"good night people, it's time to go, coz my bed is missing me so  please behave while i'm asleep, or leave a message after the beep!  smile  beeeep  smile  nite nite xx"
"each moment in a day, has its own value annoyed morning brings hope, afternoon brings faith,\evening brings love and night brings rest\find them all today "
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to,and including, their life that is beyond honor,and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste    this as your status if you are a veteran,know a veteran, love a veteran or support the troops!"
"sometimes, something happens in your life that changes everything,raises the standards, makes you laugh, and makes you feel like you  thank you!"
good morning facebook  just wanted to send out lots of love to all of you! have a great day ?
"to my frontierville friends:  can somone please plant some eegplant for me, i have a mission i would like to complete   thank you so much "
"to my friends, off to make breakfast, eggs, country potatoes, sausage and toast   be back later "
"omg, change of plans, no breakfast, we're going to see <propmale> potter at noon   should be fine, since school is in, hoping there isn't a theater full of screaming kids!"
"taking a break from cooking our thanksgiving dinner, since we both work on thanksgiving day, to catch up on some facebook   hope everyone is having a great day "
"dinner was awesome, men cleaning up everything, can you imagine   now to finish our wii bowling game   and no i'm not winning yet "
happy birthday <propfirst>
"to all my facebook friends and family, i wanted to let everyone know that i will be off the air for a while   i have a virus in my computer that i can not fix, so it's going into the hospital tomorrow   talk to you all later, hope everyone has a great thanksgiving day!  if you are traveling please be safe!"
answer these in my status comments wink    1  how do i know you?  2  how long have we been friends?  3  where did i meet you? 4  one thing you'd like to say to me
"my son is awesome, <propfirst> and camay put up the cristmas tree yesterday while i was at work   i didn't have to do a thing   this season is starting out just right   thank you guys!"
taking the kids out to round table  be back later 
if your really my friend comment your name under here   smile 
"<propfemale> got up way to early for her last day off, so she is going back to bed!"
can anyone tell me where to find saltpeter on frontierville?
"is off to have a threesome  me, my comforter and my feather pillow  lol  good night"
"i need to make dinner before the biggest loser is on,  what to make?\           salmon patties, garlic potatoes and broccoli, yeah thats the ticket!"
i'm back until biggest loser comes on   what can i get done?
<<< this <propfemale> is off 2 bed she will be dreaming that she found her permanent <propmale> charming he'll eventually pop up somewhere in real life when he's ready!
"the right to kiss a women--push her the wall, pull her arms above her head, and kiss her like she's the only one that exists in the universe "
"naughty or nice? hmmm   depends, who's asking?"
"off to make enchilada's, bbl"
i believe in <propfemale>!
*be who you want to be & not who others e playful ect you to be*
happiness and contentment is a decision not a destination   
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!!  i'm getting in a little facebook, untill everone wakes up!!  everyone have a fantastic day!"
"is falling asleep at the computer, goodnight all!!!"
"it looks like breakfast for dinner, be back later"
"<propfemale>'s been up all night and is really tired and going to bed now, everyone have a great day!!!"
