09b9cd6d5d0812344531c79d7b46c8f2
"would appreciate it if people wouldn't call my home phone for me, especially if i don't know who the hell they are  kthx "
hates sundays    :[
boredboredboredboredboredboredderobderobderob fml
sabotage ftw
has swine flu
"<propfemale>  annoyed  gah, life's a bitch  "
i am soooooo bored  ::headshot::
"issss back from <propfemale>'s party, t'was fun   i'm tired  long night  crazy night "
is 707411y 1337 
bought animal collective's new cd  smile 
wishes she could play piano well  annoyed 
wants a keytar omfg
nyquil ftw
hates hates hates her brother's girlfriend  urgh
wwwwwooooowwwwwww i can't believe he just said that to me 
"is taking a shower, and then who knows what  text er something?"
is watching weeds 
the salt shaker has been successfully located!
is nawt sexually active  srsly 
"is not on a boat, unfortunately "
hahahahhahahahahahahhahahahah hahahahahahahahahahhahahaha : laugh eep breath:: aaaaaaaaaahahhahahhahahahahahha hahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahahh      goodnight  smile 
is getting some henna done within the next few days    looking for ideas 
needs to get out of this place 
"is in dire need of a haircut, but a lunchable would suffice "
thanks human intelligence for air conditioning 
"n'etudiera plus <propfemale> francais parce que el<propfemale> n'aime pas du tout cette prof de francais  madame heil a des favorites de la classe et el<propfemale>, cette fil<propfemale> qui a seize ans, n'est pas \une favorite \"" c'est malheureuse parce qu'el<propfemale> adore cette langue  annoyed """
needs to get the hell out of this place  fuck
plays music backwards 
"finally discovered just how you feel: you had fallen in love and e playful ected a reaction, some strange kind of attraction "
's life is in shambles thanks to people who overreact and care way too much about other people for their own good 
caaaannn'tttt sleep soooo you should text her  smile 
thinks that all this construction on the new school is getting pretty annoying 
muss es sein?
is scenexcoreeeeeeeeeeeeeee
is 'bout to be gettin' on the roof    to think  last night was something else 
"do a little dance, make a little love, get down tonight  smile "
"is thinking about going on stickam, but doesn't know yet "
is going live
wants to go to a roller disco    if any still exist 
"ish going to bed  haircut tomorrow, thank god "
is turrrrrrified d:
is going live in a bit 
has finally been confused due to males and their ridiculous behavior for the first time 
shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower shower
bought some skinny jeans today so she can be scenexcorreee like all the cool kids 
"needs a guy who is a leader, not a follower "
's mom will kick your ass with a wooden spoon and a can of beans  not kidding 
"is seeking something more, something different than everything else "
still wants a keytar   
is just     shit  shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit  s
"keeps on thinking that when this ends, we'll be the worst of enemies "
microwaveable white castle burgers are not by any means the same as the real thing d;
hates hates hates portage  sooooooooooooooooo much  i miss covington  heart-broken 
stickam tonight? y n?
"hates when people take pictures of themselves where the flash is so bright and the contrast so high that you can't even see their face, just a whiteish blob with eyes and lips    or when their pictures are just of hair and forehead (and maybe body?) you'r"
likes to watch you laugh 
is a wall 
slides down the stairs to the eager street 
", the swan, is beautiful and desists in the space between being and idea "
jayyyykayy no stickam tonight; nobody's online  laugh  anddddd i'm too busy eating all my brother's gf's food  stupid bitch  i just got home  talkkkkkkkk 
"so you think you can tell heaven from hell, blue skies from pain  but can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail? a smile from a veil? do you think you can tell?"
is making a new myspace video  probably 
"loves those pick your five things  dammmnnnn, i could waste all day doing those  laugh d new myspace video, check it "
would find a way without you 
"will take you to the <propmale> and let you feel the raindrops falling down, seeping through your red scales "
"i hear the fear in your voice, but you shouldn't fear a thing; your life's already worse than any pain that i could bring "
bwahahahhahahahahahhaha let the (harmless) evil scheming and mischief commence
needs a favor   smile 
"didn't i know you, mystery man?"
is watching weeds 
hates ignorant people ldkaflkjdsf  especially the ones who talk about how they know religion oh so well and they don't even know the difference between christians and jews   annoyed  just shut up  please 
apples + nutella = second best thing i've ever eaten
wants a fucking bicycle but doesn't have the money for one d:
will be the last to know and the first one to go 
lol brahim is my personality soulmate  love 33333333333
"float downstream, throw the life-preservers overboard; overboard with the compass and oars and start counting back from ten "
"when everything is lonely, i can be my own best friend "
had the scariest dream last night d:
you keep on touching on my hand like you want it 
is going tooooooooooo bed   annoyed 
has to go see old friends from california today  annoyed  text or something; save me 
"lol@vandalism  i hopez they get caught, that would be such    sweet    victory "
new episode of weeds tonight  laugh  ugghh    california people are still here 
"wow, breathe <propfemale>'s new song sounds like something <propfemale> spears should be singing  sorry boys, i don't like it  relearn the difference between pop and power pop please   annoyed "
is turning in     early night  probably will be awake for the next 5 hours  text im me eef you wish 
      and they're still talking about <propfirst> <propmale>?
is watching weeds 
loves  that's all 
tonight we're torching this mother fucker down
finally finished with that damn personal hygiene video  been workin on it since 8pm or so   
smiles with reason 
"is soooooo stoked for today  laugh  ren faire with mama, arrr-ee and uurin "
let there be calm so i finally can sleep 
there aren't no returns for those with no starts 
"do a little dance,"
abcdefghidgaf 
hates it when people fish for compliments  annoyed  just another reason why i hate females 
"to get a better idea try this: focus on these words, and whatever you do don't let your eyes wander past the perimeter of this <propfemale>  now imagine just beyond your peripheral vision, maybe behind you, maybe to the side of you, maybe even in front of you, but right where you can't see it, something is quietly closing in on you, so quiet in fact you can only hear it as silence  find those pockets without sound "
"where you going, runaway? anywhere away "
"is feeling soooooooooooooooooo good right now,"
thinks it should be a crime to feel this good 
"thinks some girls (and a few guys) upload way too many pictures  protip: the more pictures you have, the more the probability of having an unattractive picture increases "
"finna go read some more of only revolutions, and will hopefully fall asleep soon "
"first time i've been up before 2pm (without a reason, mind you) in a loooooonnnnnnnnnnggggggggggg time  thuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnder "
is feeling sooooooooo good right now!!!!!!!!!
is soooooo stoked for wheatland! zomg
just saw the funniest ad for a dating site: plentyoffish com hahahahhahahahahahahhaha
"hates the way you arrange your sentences  the rhythm of your \artistic\"" phrases makes me cringe """
booooooooomblastandruin  but i smile because i'm faster 
ohmygod stop calling my house and hanging up d:<
is totally gonna (attempt to) watch the meteor shower tonight c: yay i made raspberry jell-o
"holy 44 notifications! it hasn't even been 24 hours since i've been on here, guys! damnnnn "
shower shower shower shower shower shower shower i love bleach  laugh  arrancar arc > bounto arc x265889
"wheeeeee i'm so excited for tonight  laugh  and then when i get home, i'ma look for meteors againnnn  smile "
why does the pc 2011 class always get shafted out of everything?
staralfur
"if you don't know who fleetwood <propmale> is, your parents have failed you "
"wants to go to the store to get some drank, but mama is all \meh nohh i already went out today meeeehhh\"" d:"""
thinks drank is totally worth the 2 dollars and some cents it costs  it made me sooooooo relaxed 
"where you going, runaway? anywhere away "
is watching the new epi of weeds 
"the soft escape of closing eyelids, the haunt of long nights still to come "
ow ow ow ow owwwwwwwwwwwieeeeee d;
"didn't i know you, mystery man?"
thinks that <propfirst> futral is a musical genius 
"got way too excited over the final battle between ichigo and grimmjow  bleach is epicnesssss  way better than naruto, which can go crawl in a hole and die "
is about to be watching some more of that bleach nahmeannn 
has (finally) found the inspiration for a new hairstyle! wheeeee i'm so excited to show my stylist
"is listening to some circa, then going to bed  text? shopping tomorrow!"
"out of all the times a boy has played guitar and sang for me, not one person has played something <propfirst> green wrote; this disappointments me "
"is loling@last halloween when <propfemale> and i dressed up as scene kids for school and people thought we were serious  hahahahah oh, and then the myspace drama after-party where people thought we were targetting specific scene kids  rofl  great times "
hates kanye west with a burning passion 
"you got a death wish, truant?"
cannot e playful lain to you just how much she wants her brother's preggo girlfriend to go crawl in a hole and die 
would love you forever if you bought her a tsoaf cd  laugh 
"has been looking for a savior in these dirty streets, looking for a savior beneath these dirty sheets "
excuse me while i kiss the sky 
is so escited for her hair appointment tomorrow!  laugh 
hey <propfemale>!
stickam! with new hairz  laugh  come <propfemale> out 
"this isn't just a waste of time; addictions made me smarter, but you can't be high all the time "
who's going to the football game?! not i  parents are going to gr tonight though 
"thinks portage will never be complete until it has a white castle, a skyline and or gold <propfemale>, an authentic mexican food store, a kroger, and every store is required to <propfemale> grippo's products and barq's red cream soda "
madman
is getting a new computer!
doesn't know whether she's more excited for wheatland or to see all her friends when school starts 
realllllyyyy likes this new coffee flavored yogurt   laugh 
"is thinking about going live, y n?"
"likes how her and jrmy are talking on fb chat, on two of my statuses and on one of his statuses "
"it started off so well, they said we made a perfect pair  i clothed myself in your <propfemale> and your love  how i loved you, how i cried     "
wants to get some of that rockaholic - dirty secret dry shampoo from tigi  that way i can bring it to school and spray it on all the kids with greasy hair! problem solved
"is going to bed  ugh long day tomorrow    and not looking forward to school starting soon   still needa do more shopping    and where has <propmale> disappeared to?! text meee or aim it, yeh? sn on profilez "
is a stone cold fox!
cannot turn 17 quickly enough 
zomg milky ways are soooo gooooooooooood
unlimited texting ftw
wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww i love how my mom assumes that every guy i meet is out to rape me 
lovesssss youuuuuu   laugh 
wishes portage had a vintage clothing store d:
"thinks it's the most annoying thing ever when someone texts you, so you text back, and then they don't respond "
ohmygod connor shaved his manbeard! yayyyy
"and above all, we'd lost the certainty that you would live "
definitely does nawt hate jrmy 
is gonna need a raincoat for school this year  anyone know where to get one?
is gonna try to go to bed    i have to wake up 7 hours earlier than i did today to not be a zombie when school starts  fmllll
is not ready for school tomorrow  hah 
"is gonna try to take in that summer is over while taking a shower, then going to lay in bed until i fall asleep, which probably won't happen for another 7 hours  text text  smile "
fuhhhhhh school d:
"has the best classes everrrrrrrrrr, minus chemistry  love the teacher, love the class, hate the people in it "
"anyone know how much a combination lock is? i needz one, and i don't wanna go to the store and not have enough money with me "
"so that paper that's due friday for lavasseur? yeah, i'm doing that sunday night  why, you ask? because <propfemale> and i are leaving for wheatland friday mooorrrnnnninnnngggggg!!!!"
thinks some people really need to grow up  : annoyed igh:: going to bed  texty texty; i probably won't be able to sleep 
"has to have the best parents on the planet  yeah, they're pretty strict, but being the good kid has its perks "
"thinks it has been way too long since i've written an essay  god, it feels amazing just to write "
"finished her essay for lavasseur and is quite impressed with herself, just gotta remember to print it off in the morning  off to bed!"
"arrghhhh   gotta go to school today for a bit to do the chem lab, then leaving (probably) when first hour starts-ish? then home, then wheatlandddd!!!!"
"is just sayin' that wheatland was the best time of my life, and i want to go back "
thinks that electricity and plumbing are truly amazing things 
let it be 
"just woke up - -\ ughhhhhh """
is having some serious circa survive tsoaf anthony green withdrawals d;
lost her boneeesssssss d; d; d; no more clickity clackity d; i hope they're still in the bandnasium tomorrow   
would like to know where all the scene kids in my neighborhood came from 
"once a-freaking-gain, that really cool grape soda color is starting to fade to that nasty puke-lavender color  ugh  i just hadddd to have my bangs almost white, didn't i?"
hasn't decided whether today has been absolutely horrible or absolutely wonderful  only tonight can telllll 
"feels sooo sick d: and is generally frustrated with everything right now  oh yeah, and i decided that today was an absolutely horrible day "
anyone else taking the psat? because i aaaammmmm 
red rice and beans ^ ^
"\there may still be unresolved issues left over from a recent emotional meltdown and they probably won't be put to rest today  but you do have the capability of raising the game to a higher level where struggling for dominance or survival becomes less important  acting with love instead of fear allows you to let go of anger and resentment \"" way too accurate """
actually did her homework tonight!
"is looking for a good book to read  i already have a list, but anyone have any suggestions?"
zomg <propfemale> bit me
"the make up on your pillow, a smear across your face: a tribute to your evening; everyday's the same  your looks can't save you now, the green in your eyes  jealousy is in the future  it's a long fall from the top "
wants to be a mime for halloween really badly
thinks too much to be sane 
"wow, chemists (on average) make about 3 times more (annually) than cosmetologists do? hellllooo chemistry  smile "
feels on top of the world right now  smile 
"just wrote her paper for cwr, and it's absolutely horrible  i could've written a better paper when i was in fourth grade  however, i must devote my time to my paper for lavasseur's class  i hate taking advantages of teachers, and it makes me want to write a note to mrs  hazen, apologizing for the poor quality of work  ughhhh "
"\don't be afraid of negativity because it offers a perspective that can move you closer to the truth \"" i have the most accurate horoscopes """
is getting her hair cut today   laugh  and this rain needs to gtfo 
is wondering why a certain person keeps calling her cell phone without leaving a voicemail 
"forgot alllllll about homecoming week  ughhhh, i really don't want to go to school now "
this is why i turn and walk away from everything 
knows now what she needs and exactly how to get it 
is cold-hearted  apparently   annoyed 
's lowest grade is in business math  is that sad?
maybe you're mistaken for someone who cares 
has the best daddy in the entire worldddd  laugh  and really wants a class hoodie mhm mhm 
all i want are windows   
thinks it's a crime to have to wake up at 6 in the a m z on a saturday d:
just had a dream that she told off her brother's girlfriend and called her brother a pedo cradle-robber  it was amazing 
"thinks the words \love\"" and \""hate\"" shouldn't be used as loosely as they are  : annoyed igh:: kids today """
thinks it's really awesome how only cms doesn't have school because of sicknesses  why does pps always have to shaft its students out of everything?
"is still thinkin' about shakespeare  thank you, <propfirst> "
hopes (thinks?) her audition went well 
still doesn't have her homework done  this is awesome 
doors open without knocking 
just made a sad excuse for a sock puppet 
is beginning to fall ill d:
feels soooooooooooo sick ughhh :[
won't be at school until third or fourth hour  doctor's appointment mmmmhmm 
control yourself; take only what you need from it 
still has the freaking imperial march stuck in her head :[
f is for facebook; because they can't make friends in real life 
is thoroughly enjoying her morning coffee 
will miss the boredom and the freedom and the time spent alone 
"how happy is the blameless vestal's lot! the world forgetting, by the world forgot  eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd "
wow some girls are whores
saw the patterns on floorboards; deep in the dust was a leader 
go phillies!
still chuckles a little whenever she sees <propfemale> streisand 
thinks you ought to get her a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries for free 
neeeeeeeeeeeds a 360 
"if you have to make a mistake, make this one "
lol nishan deleted me?
polynomial long division? pshhhh   yeah   i'm not good at it 
"any ideas on \teaching techniques\"" and or \""specific lessons\"" ms  earp has used? lolz"""
is already sick of all the talk about the musical  blehhh  i wish i was talented dx
this is nonsense
"where you going, runaway? anywhere away "
officially hates lottery tickets 
thinks sleep sounds really great right about now 
cool people should do breadlift with me  laugh 
pumpkin ice cream  love 333333333333333333333
<propfirst> longenecker is a hater
will take it slow because she has time 
kick off your stilettos
thinks some people need to get their priorities straight 
why do you have to save the world all by yourselves? why don't you trust anyone to do it with you?
's family now owns a brand spanking new computer  this one actually has more than 384 mb ram and 60 gb hard drive  hooray for olddddddd computers 
"psh- band, biology and world religions  who needs 'em?"
loves this computer omg
is really loving fleet foxes 
"stickam, anyone?"
has a feeling things won't ever be quite the same again 
has had an absolutely unsatisfactory day 
will be returning home tomorrow  it's been a long weekend; it's been a longer week 
is finallyyyyyy home omg 
is doing homework  yay 
really just doesn't know how things became this way  when did we start falling apart?
"stay wit it dawg, you'll get it"
"if i had one wish, i'd wish that you'd get out of my life, wish that you would cry so hard "
friend zone ftl
can't download music anymore?!??!?!?! wtf real player
thinks indecisiveness is horribly unbearable 
deserves better  smile 
is reunited with her playstation and it feels so goooood
"c'est gai, c'est frais  ca me plait, c'est vrai  c'est fait, ca non  c'est chouette, ah ouais  on danse encore? ah ouais  t'es sûr? ouais ouais  on fait l'amour? apres  t'es sûr? ouais ouais "
didn't go to school today  dentist appointment at 3pm  love  gta2 until then woooh
thinks it's kind of funny how some people constantly talk about how much they hate whores when they are one 
"sir, have you been drinking tonight?"
"i just wish you had a little faith, but i'm learning not to ask "
slept from 8 smile 0pm to noon  how does that happen?
"i like your looks when you get mean; i know i shouldn't say so, but when you claw me like a cat, i'm beaming "
"new aim sn mhm, so don't be confused if i'm \never online anymore \""  smile """
really?! can things get any worse?
"just wants to tell <propmale> brown in this letter that i detested his book, i think he's mentally challenged, and needs to stop dropping acid "
bahrooklyn raaaaaaage
muss es sein?
"who hates barack obama? oh yeah, <propfirst> longenecker does  why, you ask? because he's a hater "
c: c: c: c: c:
"you know what's awesome? when your parents have more of a life than you do  no job, no car, no license  blehh  sucks to be me "
with her feet in the air and her head on the ground 
"needs to break her becoming-a-fan addiction  going to bed, text if you want "
is furious because meijer is completely sold out of the christmas cookies we have every year urrrrrrgggggggghhhhh
"isn't a fan of \not being able to sleep because you can't stop thinking about someone \"" it actually really blows """
is dreaming of a white christmas :[
"thinks it's funny how her mom completely (and successfully) avoids saying tampons, pads, penis, vagina, and or testicles "
"\speculative comparisons between the effects of nutmeg intoxication and mdma have been made \"" wtfff"""
hhnnngggg
"\jesus! these inds got no class to them \"""""
"with veins like that, kid, i'd have myself a time "
but everybody's doing it!
"days are just drops in the river, to be lost always "
thinks much more highly of herself now that she got 16 34 on a chemistry quiz and still has a 93 5% in the class 
just needs this moment to watch the sky breathe the air 
why is it so hard for people to refrain from using lame excuses and just admit that they were wrong?
15 l1k1n 7h15 1337 5p34k 53771n9  smile 
has the best mummy and deddy in the whole wide world 
"mall, groceries, laundry, and exam reviews  what a party!"
pumpkin-flavored anything is delicious  they should make pumpkin cotton <propfemale> 
is finding it incredibly difficult to keep her opinions to herself 
idle hands are the devil's playground 
"is annoyed when people in relationships call each other \baby \"" i'm pretty sure neither of you are infants """
wishes it would snow 
loves exam week  probably the easiest week out of the whole semester 
"blows kisses, not coke "
"just wants to do the right thing and find some peace  unfortunately, figuring out what's right is half the struggle "
just went on a rampage and liked everything on <propmale>'s wall for a few pages 
is in quite the right state of mind 
definitely won't be going to see good news 
is thinkin' about taking her lip ring out 
loves her some logarithms  smile 
"is losing hope, quite frankly "
apparently every jewish person's post on december 25th ought to be about how fake of a holiday christmas is 
"laughs at kids today that think they know how the real world is  yeah guys, you can definitely get your parents to pay rent for you, and your best friend will totally let you copy their application essays  oh, and your ugg boots and coach purses will def be essentials because it's not like you need to pay your water <propmale> or anything "
likes hot butter on her breakfast toast 
is so excited to go to b&n tomorrow and see wonderful people!  laugh 
morning time is magic time 
"\i swear she's a midget succubus \"""""
give me something original for god's sake
beware the ides of march 
you were not there for the beginning  you will not be there for the end    your knowledge of what is going on can only be superficial and relative 
needs to start stickam-ing again 
has concluded that 2010 blows a lot more than 2009 did 
::whore from pchs sends me friend request:: iggggnorrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeee
"don't you wanna go down, like some junkie cosmonaut?"
"funny how the universe works, huh "
all along the western front
only the legit kids post statuses about smoking weed and getting drunk  it's nice to know that <propfemale>'s youth isn't discreet at all 
penn or penn state?
another earthquake? i think our planet is mad at us 
you've gotta roll with it!
freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose 
"28! not a 36, but close enough  laugh "
"i think more people need to just take things as they are and let all their negative emotions go  getting angry sad frustrated is really just a waste of energy, and life is honestly way too short and way too precious to waste your time feeling sorry for yourself  if you don't like something, change it  if you can't change it, accept it and move on with your life "
"cell phone isn't working, so call my home phone if you need to contact me "
phone's working again  smile 
and i'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me 
it's a great thing when you realize you still have the ability to surprise yourself  makes you wonder what else you can do that you've forgotten about 
there’s a fine line between footy shorts and anal floss 
waits now for only the wind 
is a little out of sorts today 
am i really that intimidating?
obliterated
free blows jobs! but only because i'm such a whore
"yes, i am listening to <propmale> <propmale> right now "
should not still be awake right now 
"open your eyes, and look within: are you satisfied with the life you're livin'?"
wants to go do something  any takers?
"perhaps i was stopped by that level of feeling, deeper than thought, which contains the truth "
stay up all night? yes?
is so valid 
"really wishes these retards that stand behind the fence and smoke cigarrettes before and after school would go away  all they do is yell obnoxiously, make dogs bark, take up space, and piss me off  and seriously, they really are some of the slow kids "
"had a horrifying nightmare about a zoombie version of herself chasing her and katryna <propmale> d; oh, and dead, 30 year old, rotting corpses stashed away in pchs "
ohmaigawd senior year is going to be marvelous  laugh 
all of you can suck it  seriously  blow me mfkrs 
we can be happy until the night skies die 
just follow the dayyyy     and reach for tha sun!
has a hard time checking her facebook when her little nephew keeps trying to hit the keys on the board      it's still cute though  smile 
finds it extremely offensive that someone would even accuse me of hurting a child intentionally 
thinks <propfirst> newnum should stop posting statuses on how great his scene <propfemale> e-gf is 
"spend all your time in a sound byte, and never learn to live your life "
"look at it out here, it's all falling apart  i'm erasing you and i'm happy!"
my mom doesn't know how to use facebook 
made another loaf of apple bread! who wants some?
just follows the seasons and finds the time 
is a luscious mix of words and tricks 
loves you  laugh 
is gonna boogie oogie oogie 'til she just can't boogie no more!
"this is a status about how much i love god  now i'm gonna go rape a crucifix like <propfemale> macneil because i just love god soooo much and i need everyone to tell everyone about it every second  or oh gosh, i might not get into heaven d;"
misses <propfemale> <propfemale> crane and my gull lake friends!
wants to go do something extreeeeeeeeeeemeee
"hopes everyone knows that <propfemale> (a country of immigrants) doesn't have an official language, just like it doesn't have an official religion, so telling all of <propfemale> to speak english is like telling all of <propfemale> to be christian "
so who else has skype?
shit
kinda wants to go to greek fest 
"i'm through with riddles  i know we're little, just help me feel warm inside "
103 6% on my astronomy exam! and there wasn't even extra credit  wink 
is leaving to uofm around 6am tomorrow  yay?
"hey cutie, whatcha wearin?"
"has never wanted to move out more  seems like when everything is decent for a minute, the shit really hits the fan "
"ever since i was a boy, i found new ways to view my porridge: sometimes electric or galactic like strawberry meat "
just saw a green <propfirst> in indiana with the bumper sticker 'jesus hates sin' ironic?
just walked home in the rain and enjoyed every second of it 
who wants to come over and stay up all night with me? we can go wandering around in our pajamas and defeat anything in our way  sound appealing?
"saw a shooting <propfemale> out of the corner of her eye tonight!  laugh d except that a shooting <propfemale> is not a <propfemale>, it's just a meteorite "
"look, i know you all love your daddies and all, but my daddy is the best daddy  he's sarcastic and uses recent slang hilariously  he would do and has done anything he can could to give his family the things they need and some of the things they want  he's an extremely hard worker  he knows that actions speak louder than words  he's the best man i'll ever have in my life, and i don't know what i'd do without him "
fallout 3
"sometimes i go lose my mind, then i feel numb "
"<propfirst> colbert's book for $4 99?! i love you, b&n "
just woke up  wheeee
"first scattered mass, then constellations "
<propfirst> mays  heart-broken 
so where am i wrong in hoping that i might someday realize where i was all along?
"was made from broken arms, empty hearts, and such "
"has that feeling back  it's been a very long time, boys and girls, but it's the best feeling in the world "
do a little dance
she's not your friend  she's just someone you use to feel better about yourself 
four and a half hours  really?!
"like this status, and i'll do absolutely nothing about it, probably just take a shower and get ready for the day because i don't have the time, energy or <propfemale> to tell you how i feel about you  go find something better to do "
you are in coffee and everything i've ever loved 
should just run off to get an std and a baby daddy so my parents will get off my nuts and stop being so over-protective because the worst would have already happened 
"dinner with <propfemale> penar and <propfemale> rose-kenyon mccrorey later, then maybe time with my boy? today should be grand "
beat <propfirst> longenecker in a game of chess  bwahhahahhahahahah 
"saw a shooting <propfemale> again tonight, which made her think that maybe things will turn out okay "
capital letters!!!!!!!!!! and exclamation points!!!!!!!!!!!! for extraaa emphasis!!!!!!!!!!!!
is it what you accept?
minestrone at 1am is probably the second best thing about summer 
yu545ewrc3
"i think that people just feel the need to create something: painting, writing a book    which sort of can be annoying sometimes, especially these days, because if you're not doing something, you're nobody, in a way       which is a really bad attitude "
<propmale> <propfirst> daudert
is my favorite person in the world 
booooooooomblastandruin  but i smile because i'm faster 
now has a <propmale> sized bed in her bedroom   laugh 
"hasn't seen any of her \friends\"" (save three) all summer; it's wonderful in a very introverted way """
"ah, <propfirst>!"
"no longer has her wisdom teeth in her mouth, but is thinking about making a necklace out of them "
cannot stand people who constantly lie 
i don't think i'll ever be ready for this summer to end 
sold all her evil motives 
thinks the pchs counselors need to get their heads out of their asses and actually get their shit together for once 
yesterday was fun 
some people that live near me are having loud sex or filming a porno or something  i hate it when people do that 
is a screamer 
30 days
has a date with a bowl of the new! cinnabon cereal in aprxmtly 5 583 hours 
"we're taught to think of our success in <propfirst>, aren't we?"
"\the things around me will never change unless i do first \"""""
bring on the vicks and day nyquil  i love when the seasons change 
"a \philosopher\"" really means \""one who loves wisdom \"""""
16 days
11 days until i can hook up my ethernet cable  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
"isn't it supposed to be the girl's parents that don't like the boy, instead of the boy's parent(s) not liking the girl?"
"6 days, 3 hours, 10 minutes"
5 days
4 days
2 days
idle hands are the devil's playground 
the holiday season needs to be here by likeee tomorrow 
is about to be seeing paranormal activity 2 
i'm updating this from my 360 @cobhan miller
i'm tired of improper grammer being slang  learn the correct usage of legit pleassseeeee 
what if you were loving yours instead of hating mine?
"the last few days, a lot of people have posted statuses complaining about something  t'is the season to be jolly, goddamnit"
"i got spurs that jingle, jangle, jingle    jingle, jangle   "
starfruit is the best fruittt everrr
"only the perfect boyfriend will come to your house at 1 a m  to kill a spider  yeah, i'm the luckiest girl ever "
1 year old children: the most efficient alarm clock ever
how many toys does a 14 month old need?
best <propfirst>'s day gift everrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!
let there be light!
"wtf? \\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed ddtkcrtqra&feature=youtube_gdata_player"
"hmm, school started yesterday at 11, and today at 10 smile 0? thanks for raping me in the ass again, pc "
"i can't believe i'm saying this, but everyone needs to stop being so negative  if you don't like something, change it  if you can't change it, stfu, get over it, and smile! srsly "
i won't miss <propfemale> <propfirst>  the only thing i know about her is that her perfumes smell awful  good riddance 
pity is the worst thing  i'd rather have someone be mean to me than be nice to me because they feel bad 
it's scary how well pandora knows me o 0
zomg i only have 43 minutes to get down on friday!!! will i make it?!?!
just spent 5 hours and 33 minutes completing the weekly challenge for reach  i never wanna play campaign again d;
i just wanna zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz     
"<propmale> shak is serving breakfast right now, at 3:43am  wtf?"
when will love be through with me?
it's hard to be optimistic when i log onto facebook and see nothing but complaints in my news feed 
"dirt tries to love everything, but it's only dirt   "
"holy crap i graduate in 30 days; this just started to sink in  13 years of hard work is about to be paying off! (yes, kindergarten was hard work )"
what does 'made with equal to 20% fruit' mean?  laugh 
"kinda disappointed in how little honor kids have today  everywhere i turn, kids are screwing over their parents, the very people that are emotionally obliged to care for them forever, the very people that have taken care of them for their entire lives, the very people that love them so much that they trust them enough to give them the potential to screw them over  have you no conscience?"
