d89a03d2a3bb74106bb6595ef52fdb57
"rang in the new year with her sami-sue and <propfirst>  we had a funnnnn time   wink  we celebrated est, and pst   laugh  and watched atlantis in between  this year is going to be awesome "
found the way to cure her insomnia  stay up till 2 am and take a shot of something strong  hah  like my mom would go for that  wink  she won't even let me take a shot of nyquil 
"is so freaking tired  but, she had a great day! hunting for garnets, enjoying the wilderness, and then babysitting!  love "
"you lack the curves that prove a proper lady a slender slave with sluttish, sleepy eyes though once i was emoting and bono lyric quoting i have found another be my guest and die (that is why - say anything)"
is hurt 
found her camera charger (finally) so will be continuing her video production!  laugh 
"is really just done with guys   annoyed  just, done "
likes to talk  rofl
has been writing songs and movies all afternoon  joyful 
"might just have to be a lawful citizen and buy sims 3, because the whole pirating thing is not going well lol"
misses dancing so much it hurts 
has to leave for utah at 6 in the am  annoyed \ going to be gone till next friday 
"loves utah  smile  even though it is raining,  annoyed "
loves spending time with family  wink 
"no matter how early everyone gets up, we can't leave the house before noon  rofl  going to dancing crane!  love "
"is going to the canyon today, i think?"
just found her lost lost in blue 2 game! must finish it 
"wtf is happening to the world? <propmale> mcmahon, <propfemale> fawcett, <propfirst> <propmale>? and now a storm in utah? it's the apocalypse  d:"
is finally home from utah  and i never ever need to be in a car ever again 
"is so screwed  the deadline for the online health class is june 30th (so i've heard), and i'm ordering the final now  pleaseohplease let this work out "
"going to capitola tomorrow  and, i will not get burned this time! haha"
loves the beach  love 
cannot believe she got sunburned again  what did i do to deserve this?
"is going to see the wizard of oz at the vine today, and every day this week, lol"
cannot believe how insane her kitties are 
"cannot find the pattern for her <propfemale> costume  and she really does not want to make it from scratch, lol"
is thinking about dying her hair again  suggestions of colors?
thinks it is a beautiful day! anyone want to meet me downtown?
getting a pedicure  i'm thinking yellow  what do you think?
cannot wait to see her friends all weekend! we're gonna party like it's 1999! lol
is so mad that the <propmale> potter midnight premiere will not be at the vine this year   annoyed 
 smile  happy 4th  can't wait for her party tonight 
has had an amazing weekend  love 
is going to her first ortho appt since she got her top braces  might be getting bottom braces today     annoyed \ and maybe even rubberbands  great 
"did not get her braces on her bottom teeth, but to speed the process of her upper teeth, r2(?) wire was put in  i think birthing pains will be nothing compared to this   annoyed \"
"is starving, but can't really eat anything  and i can't open the freaking apple sauce jar, rofl"
just doesn't get it  but maybe she doesn't have to 
"was told she is an \incomplete blinker\""  rofl srsly """
is spending the day with her auntie  love  and she's finally going to get her cd's today!
is requesting a passenger list of the hot tamale train 
"i thought today was free slurpee day, and i was so excited  turns out, i'm going to be gone the actual free slurpee day  d:"
"is going to her cabin with sami-sue for the weekend  no cell service, though  d:"
finally got back from the cabin  so excited for this week   smile 
just learned that she's going to have to move from her house downtown   annoyed  devastated 
"across the room, across the room, i hope to watch you writhe again soon "
is so excited to go to <propfemale> <propfirst> with her favorite people!  love 
"is home from a fun day at <propfemale> <propfirst>, but she couldn't see <propmale> potter at midnight d: oh well, the first showing the next day is good, too, right?"
"is sad, but can't figure out why    hm "
6 more days!  laugh 
"12 smile 0 showing of away we go at the vine, friday the 17th, anyone?"
"    now has nothing to do tomorrow  maybe 1 o'clock showing of the proposal, livermore cinemas?"
is bored out of her mind and needs to find something to do   annoyed 
is babysitting  love 
hates not having anything to do 
"is reading the latest installment in the <propfemale> plum series  gotta love those books, haha "
needs to follow through on her videos  she has like 12 unfinished projects on her computer 
"got the perfect idea  i can make a video to oprah or <propfemale> or something asking them to help save my house, or like help get us a new house  they'd totally help!"
is tie-dying shirts and is (hopefully) getting a hair cut today! yay!
"hateshateshates being single  like, all the time "
thinks the sun shouldn't come out tomorrow 
just found out what nabisco stands for  random 
is packing today for disneyworld   smile ! so excited!
"is off to disneyworld in the early hours of the morning  probably won't be on till i come back on wednesday  please, txt me! 925-321-3772"
loves disneyworld  going to kennedy space center today 
"is finally home from an exciting week in disneyworld  unfortunately, she got sick 3 days into it  ugh "
is going to horton hears a who @ vine @ noon  it's free   smile 
anyone want to see kung fu panda with me tomorrow @ noon? it's free!
is lonely  let's chat 
is actually excited for school 
*insert witty status here*
scored garage saling today  what does $7 high school lockers + $5 chewbacca costume = ? the greatest video everr  lol
going to shakespeare in the park tonight   smile  comedy of errors 
wants to make plans this week  mall? movies? let me know!
loves baking  laugh  got a brownie cookbook that i've been trying out  yum  smile 
downtown today  let's get a yogurt or something 
"is omg, parents are letting me go to warped tour with amykins on the 20th!! -screams"
"couldn't get the sims 3 download, and can't find all of her sims 2 disks to reinstall it  d: ugh "
"is so excited for warped tour, she's practically peeing her pants   smile !"
"is going to the movies with all her friends! kung fu panda @ noon, away we go @ 2 smile 0"
"saw away we go, and it seriously makes me want <propfirst> krasinski as the father of my children "
"going camping at big basin  be back saturday  idk about cell service, but you can try txting, lol "
"is having a party for one at her house tonight  totally ruined, though, since she just learned <propfirst> hughes died  d;"
is way too hyper to go to bed  entertain me  smile 
enjoys watching her dog and two chickens fight over food  lol  smile 
"11 days till warped tour  so excited, i may die  <propfemale> gets <propmale>, i get <propfirst>  and we'll all live happily ever after!  wink "
can finally get a new phone  now i just need to choose what phone   
"shopping, getting bottom braces, then sleepover  what a packed day! txt the cell "
"thinks bottom braces feel funny  like a tooth freeze, without the freeze, and it doesn't go away "
"is with sami, <propmale>, and <propfirst>  and we can't find a single thing to do  -sigh"
"'s bottom braces hurt so badly, medicine does not even begin to mask the pain  whywhywhy must it hurt so bad?"
plans on going to the mall tomorrow  currently she's going by herself  anyone care to join?
says screw the mall  i'm baking tomorrow!  smile  feel free to txt call stop by 
<propmale> <propmale> can do a wheely on a unicycle 
"is baking a massive cake for her party tomorrow   smile  one layer of funfetti, one layer of devil's food, a layer of brownie, and hopefully a layer of ice cream  yum!"
hasn't slept for a week  ugh 
is cleaning the house for her toga party  i hope i'll have lots of fun!
saw a wild evee!
is ready for a relaxing day 
"is taking a vote  should she make fudge, cola, or mint brownies??"
"feels like succumbing to a movie coma, where i sit on the couch and watch movies all day "
"(hopefully) gets her new phone today! oh, and who else has at&t?"
really wants to go to the monterey bay aquarium tomorrow (because it's tuesday  haha )
"joy to the fishies in the deep blue sea, joy to you and me   smile  i'm going to the aquarium today "
"is so excited to get her schedule  but, not excited about waking up early to make sure she gets there  hope to see you there!"
"schedule! : no 1st, pe - wood, english h - jost, chem biotech - jurik, ad theatre wkshop - zymajtis "
warped tour tomorrow   smile  who else is going?
"says holy crap, say anything concert in sf, october 15th! who wants to go with me?  smile "
is excited for warped tour with amykins  smile  let's meet up?
"just got back from warped tour  i met <propfirst>!  love  my goodness, so tired!"
was an extra in <propfemale>'s most wanted  srsly 
is not going to stop nagging until someone agrees to go to the say anything concert with her  grrrrr 
woke up with a killer migraine and stomach ache this morning  taking it easy for the rest of the day   annoyed \
thinks insaniquarium is the next best game besides the sims to play when you aren't feeling your best 
"is not happy  frowny  but she should be, she's going into the city tomorrow!"
"is pretending today is the first day of summer, not the last   smile  going to san <propfirst> today, meeting sami there "
is in denial that today is the first day of school 
really dislikes her classes  but has no other classes to switch them with  annoyed \
"requires entertainment  like, now "
has nothing to look forward to 
<propmale> <propmale> once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it 
has to think of several acts she wants to do for the variety show  theme is broadway  and she has nothing  maybe she'll just drop the class 
"hates her drama class  and all of her desired acts that she wanted to perform for the variety show were taken  so, she has to find something she only kind of wants to do  ughh "
just had the worst day ever  and it doesn't look like it's getting any better   frowny 
"thinks she should sign up for voice lessons  the one thing i'm not trained in, lol"
babysitting jt  smile  feel free to txt the cell 
needs to relax this weekend after a week like that 
"brother's soccer tournament this weekend, and (hopefully) getting my vlog up sometimes soon "
"is reading some of the worst excerpts from actually published books  so incredibly funny, lol"
"is playing <propfirst> tennis on her n64  smile  kicking it old school, haha "
"just came back from my brother's amazing game, winning him the tournament!  smile  ah, i love soccer "
made some cookies with her sami  we melted a solid chocolate <propfemale> and drizzled it over them  yum!
loves it when her life works out like a movie  smile 
cannot seem to write a cohesive paragraph for english  ugh 
thinks brownie sundaes are deeelish 
enjoys every moment without school 
"needs stuff to do this weekend  seriously, anyone, let's go downtown, to the mall, to some house, idc "
needs some cheering up 
is babysitting   smile  txt me
is cleaning her room (yikes  i still have my suitcase from disneyworld in here ) and then going to the mall  love  i looove having money!
just loves being a girl  sometimes 
had so much fun at the sleepover last night  smile  we need to do that again soon  how does next weekend sound? haha
must paint her nails  but what color?
is forced to cut her own hair since she can't get an appt anytime soon  can you say yikes?!
thinks yo gabba gabba is amazing  one of the funniest shows  ever 
missed her kitties  smile 
*throws arms into air* <propmale> holt !!
marry me!
thinks shel silverstein's voice is the creepiest thing she's ever heard 
"yikes  mile first thing in the morning  but, it's a short day, and she has her sami, and sytycd and glee start  yay "
"is thinking twice about going to ultimate practice tonight  oh well, i already said yes  plus, i get to be with <propmale> and sami   smile "
is thinking about starting a granada high glee club  would that not be freaking amazing or what?! lol
is amazed by how small conversations with random people make her day  she wishes it happened more often 
"from the moment i wake up, before i put on my makeup, i say a little prayer for you    forever, and ever   "
"gob: hey, guy  they tell me you're the guy who plays <propfemale>'s brother, tio   guy: como?     gob: oh, you're going to be in a coma, all right "
"is dying for voice lessons  then, i can truly be on my way to being a triple threat  (speaking of dancing, anyone good at choreographing? i need some inspiration!)"
"is painting her nails  may only finish one hand, though, haha  oh well, i'll probably repaint them tomorrow  i want to do awesome designs!! but what? hm "
    what time does second period start?  annoyed \
is so tired  but excited for the weekend  anyone wanna <propfemale> at the festival downtown?
feels like walking around downtown and playing video games on the n64 at home   smile  this will be a fantastic weekend 
is going to ikea today  laugh !
is the ikea <propfemale> 
"made a great video in ikea today  smile  seriously, best store ever "
really needs to start a healthy sleep pattern  i think shooting for 3 hours a night is a good start 
just now realized she has homework  trying to do homework when you're so tired you forget to blink? that's a challenge 
has 111% in english? what?
"has taken procrastination to a new level  after having a year to complete the online health course, she paid for an extension for another two months, and is going to take the exam with a week to spare  nice going, <propfemale> "
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you   smile "
forgot how great powerpuff girls were  i  love  bubbles' <propfemale> little voice  lmao
"today, my dad's  male coworker asked my dad for permission to use my name  my dad asked why, and his coworker said that he was getting a sex change and wanted to change his name to my name  my dad said sure  i wish i was making this up  fml   <--- actually happened to me a few years back  what do you think, should i submit it?"
submitted her fml  let's see if it gets posted 
tgiw!!
"oh, i know! it's passamashwaddy!  no  it's passamaquaddy "
creepy  some guy named waliul hafiz is messaging me    anyone know who that is?
"so far, has an a+ essay  she just needs help coming up with the last topic sentence  i'll ask for help tomorrow, i'm done for tonight "
has the office tonight!  love  needs something to do until then   
wants everyone who is going to watch the office premiere tonight to like this status 
"just has to make it through today, and then she has the whole weekend   "
"finally got home  had fun babysitting  smile  sami coming over any minute  i'm not sure why, but we're going to the ultimate scrimmage tomorrow, hah "
actually played in the ultimate scrimmage  surprise  woah  haha
is going to her bro's soccer game and then granparents'  movies tomorrow!
"was going movie hopping today, but then she realized that almost no one can go, and she still needs another body paragraph for her essay    ugh "
is doing her essay  and just remembered she needs to sign up to take the health exam  i think procrastination is a disease  fml 
will do anything to get her cat back d;
"forgot to make an appt for her health exam last week, but she's going to take it wednesday!!"
"please, if you're in the downtown area, keep an eye out for a black kitten  she's sorely missed "
what to do today   ?
please oh please oh please let me find elphie  i can't stand galinda's constant mewing for her  d;
"is actually studying for her health final, seeing as she didn't really try to learn anything during the course  there is no way i'm going to fail that course "
laughs at her mother for breaking down at the animal shelter and crying  but    i'll probably do the same thursday 
"thinks it's too hot to go to ultimate, and she has loads of homework, but she'll go for the last hour "
ick  stomach has been in pain all day  should really start taking those lactose intolerance pills again   
is in one of those moods where she feels strange compassion for vermin  probably from that short story in english 
went to the animal shelter today  it is painful how much i miss this cat  i need her 
"thinks homework is a joke  i even wasted my lunch in the library to do my homework, when my teacher didn't even check it "
"'s brother wants a $54 magazine subscription to <propfemale>, a magic magazine     "
"thought she had learned better than to procrastinate, but tonight is just not one of those homework nights "
"today is a beautiful day    someone found elphie!!!!! my goodness, life cannot get better "
is going to the movies tonight on my day off  wink  need plans for tomorrow 
plans for tomorrow? i'm game for anything  movie  hanging out downtown  walking to cold stone  you name it 
is excited to dye her hair today  first time in about 8 months!!
"walked all the way to wal-mart and back with <propmale>, then partied like i was 3 at jt's party  wink "
"has watched the nine trailer so many times today  freaking amazing  cannot find that song, though  d:"
"'s hair came out a lot darker than e playful ected  but, it looks great   smile  pics up tomorrow?"
"is so tired from not sleeping, then nostalgia car show, then went through a bazillion model homes  still doesn't know how to design her room   "
"procrastinated her homework until tonight  will probably do most of it during lunch tomorrow, haha "
was actually told that she looked way better brunette than blonde  thanks  haha 
"cannot find the remix of the song that she needs, and is too lazy to splice the song herself "
is frustrated by her workload  zymajtis is just going to have to wait for those character profiles 
"is proud of herself for editing the song! took her like 3 hours, but she did it! and it's not bad at all! now time to do her lab and write her story    - -'"
needs a new topic for her english story  this isn't working out for me 
should be staying home from school  but her mother doesn't want to start her on a 'pattern of missing school'  blech 
is ick  does not feel good  and does not know how to make things better 
"just finished <propfirst> brown's new book, the lost symbol, and    wow   smile  i might need read the bible   "
was making a video  but it has been postponed 
is completely rewriting her story for english because her first one was laaame  only    she doesn't know what she's writing about yet  nothing seems funny    lol
loves you 
"enjoyed her day home  life starts back up again tomorrow, though   annoyed "
"hey, does anyone want to give me like one of their words for their never cry wolf vocab log? thanks "
's house is probably going on the market in a week  fml 
"today seems like a good day to go to the beach, no?"
cannot believe she can't go to the say anything concert  my friends have failed me 
is babysitting tonight  let's make plans for the weekend!
"best part of my day: jt scratching his crotch  then saying his peepee hurts  then asking me to scratch it for him  ah, i  love  babysitting "
"is going to do whatever she wants, just because she can "
is conflicted  is it worth it?
dislikes being home for large amounts of time  i must do something!
discover mlia  it totally made my day   smile 
made some delicious apple cinammon pancakes  yum 
loves feeling happy for no reason  it's like a drug 
"has decided she wants a boyfriend that will color her a <propfemale> from a coloring book, give her a tub of play-doh, have video game wars with her, and appreciate the weird things she does  a simple request, no?"
oh <propfirst> reynolds is so cute 
finally got to sleep last night    only to be woken up by her dad and brother two hours later  - -' thanks guys 
proofread carefully to see if you any words out 
will make her monday awesome 
"while walking home today, i was listening to the most awesome songs, and i just had the urge to dance  i was too embarrassed to, though  i wish i had  then i stepped on a crunchy leaf, and i felt better  true story "
ick  the primer fumes from her house is giving me a headache  now getting kicked out of the house so i won't be permanently brain damaged   
was kicked out of the house  you know what she did? she and her brother got cardboard boxes and sat inside them on the corner of 1st st and mccleod for 1 1 2 hours  anyone want to join me friday night?
is wondering what she'll do today to make today awesome    maybe pass out free <propfemale>?
(finally) got her say anything tickets!
"is going to write her essay    but doesn't want to have to completely reread the book to find quotes  sparknotes, you have failed me "
is so excitedexcitedexcited   smile !
is having fun with sami  we fit a lot in today!
"is babysitting tonight, and then the office wedding "
"was supposed to babysit    but jt is still taking a nap  <propfemale>, so i decided i don't think i'm going to homecoming because i want to do a haunted house, but she can't do it at her mom's house  hm "
is at her mom's tonight with nothing to do  might hide in boxes downtown again  i have extra boxes if you care to join me 
paranormal activity in dublin  i want to go tonight  anyone else?
"is bored  wants to go downtown, but doesn't know who is down there  but she's probably seeing paranormal activity tonight!!"
is going to see paranormal activity with sami-sue  this day is so much better now 
"is so mad  she just realized the reason she never gets out is because her friends never do anything! i'm going to be at my mom's, home alone  let me know if you want to meet up "
"doesn't have to babysit tonight  oh man, now what am i going to do?"
just complained to the regal theatre  take that!
has an open house today (- -') so she'll be out and about  say anything this week!!  laugh 
"now, the moment you have all been waiting for: a status about how i procrastinated my essay to the last minute again "
"needs help with her essay  where in never cry wolf did they talk about the human baby being raised by a wolf? and if there are any other myths w  pages you want to share, it would be greatly appreciated "
it's sunday night  do you know where your child is?
"needs only one more myth for her essay  please, help me out  i've started to completely reread the book, i'm that desperate "
finally finished choreographing one  take that zymajtis! > smile 
and <propfemale> are almost done with their chem for biotech movie!
needs ideas on how to make tomorrow awesome  suggetions?
loves rain  hates being soaked to her core 
got her health class grade today  b+  thank god i didn't fail  that would be so funny 
    the say anything cd was postponed 'til november 3    but the concert is thursday  hm 
"thinks it would be so much fun to do little shop of horrors, no?"
is so excited for tomorrow! not excited for the work she's making up for tomorrow  but it will so be worth it 
"taking a shower, doing her nails, and watching glee  soooo excited "
"is going to her say anything concert today  smile  missing 5th block, too  txt me at 321-3772 if you're going, too!"
is alive with the <propfemale> of love 
"the concert was amazing   smile  <propmale> bemis is god  when he started singing alive with the <propfemale> of love, and i started singing along    well, my life was complete "
neeeeds the say anything setlist  cannot find it d:
"came so close to passing out like 5 times today  folks, in case you ever doubted it, sleep is very vital "
is so learning walk through hell by say anything tabs this weekend   smile  gorgeous song  look it up 
"birthdays, practice, soccer, and hanging out sometime today  not in that order  lol"
"if i could swim, i'd swim out to you in the ocean, swim out to where you were floating in the dark "
is celebrating her birthday with her daddy today  getting a new fabio and friend   smile )))
"got four new gourds instead of two  smile  haha  fabio, <propmale>, rio, and napolean  pics soon "
thank you so much to everyone! i have never felt so loved  smile  thank you so much 
got a signed copy of the bible for her birthday  best  present  ever 
is editing her new video   smile 
is so mad that her printer is being stupid and won't print her tabs  she tried playing the tabs    and her hands are too small to play them right  d:
has been pretty busy lately  practice tonight  super nervous about homecoming week  ;>
has been told twice now that she looks like a high maitenance priss o o
"grrrr  everyone else was asked to homecoming except for me  oh well, my friends are nice enough to not ditch me   smile "
"got a 78 on her essay  a seventy-freaking-eight  kill me now  oh, btw, quotes for tale of two city?"
needs  needs  needs  needs  quotes for tale of two cities  man vs  society themed  from book 1  help a sister out 
should stop using facebook because it is her main procrastination tool 
is excited for her grandparents to come!  smile  playing sims 3 while i wait 
"thank you uncle <propmale>! he got me a rare 1st edition, signed copy of youth in revolt for me for my birthday  woooow!"
question: what do we bring to skit practice today?
is so excited to see wicked with her family  smile  that musical will never get old 
"pretty good day at wicked, got a pic with teal  wink  love my family  car got broken into, though   annoyed \"
so stressed  let's just get these things over with!
enjoys wearing her nemo hat  love  it's so suiting 
is so excited for the skit  smile  we shall do amazing! good luck to everyone!
looking for a good costume idea  might go as either a never nude or a single ladies back-up dancer 
"voting time! what should i be for halloween? ipod commercial (dress in black+dance w ipod), single ladies dancer, deal or no deal model (dress+heels+briefcase with $1 million sign), just got dumped (robe, pic of ex torn in half, used tissues, etc,) or a censored streaker (dress in nude colored clothing or something but put black boxes around butt and chest)?"
"at this point, i'm torn between dressing as an ipod commercial or as a censored streaker  hmmm "
"carnival, gotta practice for the variety show, and then tale of two cities  dickens laugh eath of me   annoyed "
woke up at 7:20 to do her english homework  hah 
needs to finalize her plans for this weekend   smile 
"is wearing her costume  after many changes, she has settled on the basic single ladies backup dancer  not bad  now she has an excuse to learn the dance "
had so much fun with her friends last night  wink  (hah  butt flexing ) off to the mall today!
"smells like a perfume factory  thanks, <propmale>  yeah, the perfume smelled great  but when they are all put together, they smell like someone died "
i'd walk through hell for you 
blech  so lonely 
"dear lord, i am finally home  hey, drama kids, i say we stay in the theatre wednesday for as long as we need to to get the show where it needs to be  please  i can't put on a show that isn't complete "
"i'd walk through hell for you, let it burn right through my shoes  my soles are useless without you "
"is so tired  nothing a little sims can't fix, though  my phone is awfully silent, so i think you should text 925-321-3772   smile "
"tribute to broadway- thursday, 7 pm, little theater @ ghs  be there  wink  let's see how we pulled it together! lol"
is deciding whether or not to actually bother writing a dialectical journal tonight  she has way too big a headache  and no glasses contacts case  damn 
it's only 7    and i'm so tired i'm about to pass out  forget the cure of cancer and the cure of the common cold  i must find a cure to insomnia 
"just looked up some vids of the say anything concert, and i can actually hear myself and see myself in some of them! creeeepy! but cool "
is ready ready ready for tonight  are you?
"go to the variety show tonight, little theater @ 7  2 tix for the price of 1 tonight only  smile "
"ohmygoodness, i just want to go ahead and hug everyone in my cast! i simply adore you all! if you didn't see the variety show tonight, go saturday or next saturday @ 7  wink  it's worth it "
"is finally relaxing  not used to it, haha "
yay  my sim just had a baby boy! the sims 3 is so different though    you can have your baby in the hospital? whaat?
"is lonely  so excited for the show tonight  i gotta practice, though    haha "
loves how she feels after a good stretch  my legs feel so much more loose!
"doesn't want to wash her make-up off because she loves feeling pretty, but stage make-up is really not meant to be left on   "
one short day in the <propfemale> city!  smile 
"has decided to join the masses and start a vlog  this will be interesting  my intro is up, actual vlog post will be up within two or so days  look me yup  smile  youtube com selfconflict"
wants to make lots and lots of videos 
"rofl some weirdo messaged me on youtube asking me to make a video where i'm tied up on a bed (creep) and there's some intricate, complicated plot    so excited  using my brother, and he's going to wear like booty shorts, haha "
shall go read  maybe then my headache will go away  text me please  321-3772
is going to have an amazing day  smile  does anyone want to <propfemale> out tonight?
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:moody  6 laugh umb  7 annoyed poiled  8:mouthy  9:random  10:hot  11:funny  12:fit  13:amazing  14:tough  15 sad ute  16:bf gf type  17 playful layer  18:the best  19:freak  20:quiet  21:adorable  22:rude  23:boring 24 laugh own to earth  25 sad ool  26:a good friend  comment  smile 
"ohyeah  bsol (pronounced like be soul  hah ) we're so badass  you better watch out for us, <propfemale> "
hey  my youtube account is selfconflict  look me up 
"since i have no way to get to <propfemale>'s house, and i got all dressed up to go out to lunch and then no one got back to me, i guess i'll just sit downtown in a cardboard box "
does not like homework  this week sucks so much  d: tomorrow will be better 
"ohmygod  tale of two cities is terrible  i don't need to read the ending, i already know what happens  and i just keep repeating, \really?!\"""""
friday the 13th is my favorite day  smile  everything always happens for me 
"is in a fabulous mood  call me, text me, facebook me, whatever! let's chat!"
"is watching a goofy movie on youtube  smile  mannnn, good times "
"has decided to start dancing again  man, i miss it so much "
"lmao  in the goofy movie, in the song they sing while they're driving down the freeway, well, the trunks of all these cars open and people release balloons and stuff, and in the trunk of one car, a guy is tied up as a hostage, and he's smiling, singing along  rofll"
"is it trashy to wear a pair of jeans that are ripped around the thigh? i mean, you can't see my underwear or anything  other than the rip, they're my favorite pair of jeans, and i just can't bear to part with them "
great job everyone  smile  now i have time to choreograph an awesome new dance  wink  maybe for next year's show?
just remembered    she is going to utah in exactly one week!  laugh dd yay!
:the crusher of leaves and stomper of puddles 
roflmao  i'm looking at all the topics of fanfiction on fanfiction net    some of them really make me lol  an <propfemale>n tail? you mean that cartoon about russian mice that immigrate to <propfemale>? dear lord 
omg  they have fan fic about the bible  lmao
"it could scarcely be called a trade, in spite of his favourite description of himself as \a honest tradesman \"""""
doesn't know why she is attracting all of this negative energy  she could do better  but there's just no time for her to clear it     annoyed \
"is appalled at my mother's lack of interest in her daughter's health  i mean, i'm pretty sure i have a fever "
is going to make a reduced tale of two cities video to give lazy kids a <propmale> to succeed in school 
loves you  with all of her heart 
"okay  if you are interested in helping writing the script filming the reduced version of tale of two cities, leave a little comment, so that i may compose a message "
is learning how to play the guitar to <propfirst> swift's musical monologue on snl to perform as her drama final  ohhhhhman 
"has the worst group of teachers ever for trimester two  it goes <propfemale>, rangan, cyr, <propmale>, jurik  blech "
is going to actually do her drama paperwork  stupid   
"is completely bsing my chorus line character profile  it doesn't even resemble any characters from the show, lolol"
"doesn't have any hard finals today, and i don't have to be at school till 10:20   laugh  today will be a great day "
is nervous about writing the essay tomorrow  don't even know what quotes to tag in her book     annoyed \
"was pretty proud of her monologue today  \it's my musical monologue! la la la   \"""""
walked home in the rain   smile  it wasn't that bad  and it was made so much better by this cute guy   
"soomewheeere ouuuuut theere, beneath the pale moonliiiight!"
"i have never been in a greater mood  my goodness, i am on top of the world "
had the weirdest dream where lady gaga died from cancer    whaat?
"just discovered mystery google   smile  people say, text me something funny (insert number) only    i don't know what to say   annoyed \"
is going to have a nerf war today with <propmale> > smile  bring it on 
to do list before leaving to utah tomorrow morning: 1) learn her lines for the bean family talent show  2) pack a sharpie as well as fabio+friends  3) pack camera  4) bring some fun ideas of things to do!
is excited to leave to utah   smile  txt me you guys!
is the happiest girl in the world  smile  dude  i love snow storms  especially when i don't have anywhere to be 
life is better with crayons 
is walking to wal-mart in 35 degree weather to get her video game supplies  that's dedication  lol
"jh<mtgaehfnb wtf? nine doesn't come out till december? i always screw up with stuff like this  or, the film industry is out to get me "
"<propfemale> tripp makes my life  lol first our chem video, then the unibophin, now the tale of two cities vid and unibophin scent! i'm excited  smile "
"happy gratitude day! i just want to say thank you to all of my friends for putting up with me even though i can be the biggest bitch  thank you all for being amazing and sticking together  smile  thank you to my parents for infinite support through everything, and thank you to my family for being there with me and giving me so much love!"
"really wants to go shopping  but for the first time since june, she slept in until 9  oh well "
<propmale> got a blue unicycle for his birthday  i love my little brother   smile 
"freaking missed california  hey, anyone want to do anything this weekend? i feel super creative   laugh "
needs to go to target  she hasn't bought anything for such a long time  and she has so much money!
"well someone call the vatican, looks like we've got another immaculate <propfemale>!"
absolutely needs to go shopping  or at least do something   annoyed \
"if i could sing, i would sing like <propmale> bemis, but i would have to have a penis, which i don't "
"if i had a boyfriend, a walk through hell would be our song  whether he liked it or not "
may actually record a vid of herself singing and post it tomorrow  the question is    what song?
"had to <propfemale> 4 text books+binder all day  but, the toll house cookie cafe made it all better  why don't i live there? i think i'm going to start doing my homework there every day "
"the more she thinks about it, the more she is excited for her new <propfemale> video  i say, put aside tale of two cities, and just focus on new <propfemale> lol"
"how do you make a crappy week better? suggestions, please!"
"has to do (about) 210 algebra 2 problems tonight because i accidentally did the wrong homework  i feel really bad, but i think i need to transfer out of her class  there is no way i can survive much longer  this week can only get better "
"do i even bother doing my math homework? oh, i don't know   "
"so in my all quiet on the western front book, someone wrote \my name is <propfirst> and i write on my book\"" underneath i wrote \""my name is gennavieve and writing in books makes me feel rebellious \"""""
is going to the chiropractor  yay! maybe my hips will be fixed!
"so, it turns out my pelvis was sheared  so i got it adjusted a little bit, and now it is swollen, and i walk funny, and my pants all fit differently  but   i feel better "
"is going to be downtown all day  txt me if you want to <propfemale>! (pssst  cardboard boxes, anyone?)"
the weather is perfect for a twilight spoof    today is just the perfect day to make movies   smile 
"<propfemale> and i just walked downtown  <propfemale> in a rocketship, me documenting the moment  amazing "
every weekend is <propmale> potter weekend at my house   laugh !
"finally posted the <propfirst> swift musical monologue up on youtube  i despise facebook video, so i'm not uploading it here  annoyed  watch it at youtube com selfconflict  smile "
"dislikes homework  she's going to fail almost every class this year  goodbye, college "
"is trying to envision an awesome week, but can't see how that will happen when her classes are terrible  i just started the second week of school, and i have an f and two bs "
"you can ask me any question, no matter what it is  you have my full, 100% honesty, but i dare you to make this your status and see what questions you get "
"'s grades were so fantastic, she got two report cards! and they screwed up my gpa  i got straight as, how can i get a 3 8 gpa?"
"it's sami day! planning out loads of fun things to do     laugh  watch <propfemale>, get the peppermint bark recipe, make cookies, decorate them, oh, and do homework "
what do sami and i do when we <propfemale> out? watch gay (in the literal sense) spoofs on youtube  any <propmale> potter brokeback spoof is hilarious!
movie spoof ideas please? gonna take a movie and do some voice overs and edit it all together! only i need a movie 
"is going to have a good day  sure, she's sick  but she has a <propmale> to catch up on all of her homework while wearing her snuggie and watching <propmale> potter  oh, and maybe some shopping and chiropractor later   smile !"
actually tears up just reading sparknotes for all quiet on the western front   sad  poor russians!
"text me or call me! going babysitting, maybe <propfemale> out downtown afterwards?"
has to go to bed so she can wake up in time to make it to her brother's soccer tournament tomorrow  925-321-3772  i can txt and talk all day long   smile 
going to watch her brother's soccer tournament in this weather  smile  yay  dave&busters after  text call me  321-3772
"oh man  time to start homework  if anyone who has rangan for world history could help me with that list of questions, it would be greatly appreciated "
gah homework  been working on it for 4 hours straight  and that was just world history notes  time for the project 
is off to bed  screw homework 
chance: i hope my balls don't drop  then i wouldn't be able to funny impressions  i love my brother 
super tired  and bored  anyone downtown?
is so bored  suggestions of things to do?
"today, jordyn wright told me i dress like a <propmale> <propmale> character  best  compliment  ever "
"just made the best present for secret <propfemale> tomorrow  it's so good, i think i'll make more so everyone can have one "
"i dunno if anyone was serious when they said they wanted to play hide-and-seek in ikea, but i actually was  so, anyone want to get together and drive to the ikea in emeryville on monday or tuesday next week? if i get enough comments likes, i'll make the event "
blech  no ikea i guess? going to learn choreograph the bad romance dance  maybe make the vid this saturday?
just pulled out her contact from the back of her eyeball  maybe i should make a book about my adventures  i bet it'd be popular 
hm  life can be pretty twisted sometimes 
blech  might have to cancel ikea trip  now what am i going to do with my monday?
"two christmas parties today  yayyy  tomorrow, might make vid with <propmale> with our new monsters inc hat   smile "
"\when i first saw <propfirst> i felt like god had taken a bunch of diamonds and made a gift just for me \"""""
"wants to petition to get schools to teach <propmale> potter in english class  with a book like that, you can be guaranteed kids will actually do the reading  also, there's some amazing symbolism in there  eh?"
feels like being creative    any ideas?
wants to be a southern <propfemale> 
"since <propfemale> <propmale> won't respond to my txts, i guess i'm just going to stay home and dress up in the large collection of costumes that i own  i'm a weirdo and proud of it!"
just watched her cat jump in through the window  then she slipped and fell  and landed on her feet 
"it's christmas day with my mommy!  smile  got some really cool things  the new ipod nano, inside-out <propmale> mints, mocassins, clothes, and these awesome mittens!"
crap  i accidentally bought the hd version of the office for my ipod instead of the regular version  oh well   annoyed \
"duude  youth in revolt, january 8th! why couldn't it have been the 1st? d: i want to be able to go to the first showing!!"
"<propfemale> christmas  wink  even though i despise this holiday more than any other, i can't help but feel joy "
got a webcam and wii for christmas! and x-files season 5! my holiday break is complete   smile 
"just saw nine  story could have been rewritten a bit, but the metaphors, choreography, score, and acting was superb   smile  loooved it "
"wow  i spent 3 hours home alone waiting for my dad to get the ingredients for dinner, only to find out he went to eat at a friend's house with my brother "
"san <propfirst> is one beautiful city  i am totally, absolutely, crazy in love with that place "
really needs to do something creative today  but    what?
"<propfirst> <propmale>, we need to think of a group name  now "
ughhh  everything on my ipod got deleted  and all of my stuff is split between two computers  fml 
"is making a music video tomorrow  <propmale> and i want to make a video of us playing <propfirst> kart, but live  we'll be dressed up as characters riding cardboard boxes throwing koopa shells that we make  is that the coolest thing you've ever heard, or what?"
"<propmale> now won't make the music video i wanted to make because he wanted to make the <propfirst> kart vid first  what he doesn't realize is that video takes more preparation, and we wouldn't even be able to film until tomorrow  we don't even have the freaking boxes     grrrrrr "
loves <propmale> bemis 
"doesn't have much to do today but do homework  fuuuuuuuun  txt me please, save me from my misery "
" annoyed \ sucky day  i wanted to play the sims allll day, but i left it at my dad's house  so i watched the x-files and arrested development while attempting homework  the homework thing didn't really work out   annoyed \"
keeps forgetting how old she is 
" smile  hanging out with her sami tonight  we're going to dance in the street all night and ring in four new years: one in est, cst, mst, and then our new year!  laugh "
"rofl  the pg&e guy just went up to my door and knocked  we made eye contact, but i didn't move  two minutes after he left, all of the power in my house shut off  well played, pg&e guy, well played "
did not start this year off very well  i feel awful  sad 
"the <propfirst> <propmale> e playful erience will make me feel better, right?"
"has been having some weird dreams  last night, i dreamed i had an immaculate <propfemale>, and it was the day my baby was due, but i still went to school  and then i got checked into the hospital even though my water didn't break or anything  but it was so realistic    when i woke up, i couldn't tell if it happened or not  o o weiiird "
is manifesting something positive   wink 
"fly the ocean in a silver plane see the jungle when it's wet with rain just remember 'til you're home again, you belong to me"
"needs some new music  suggestions? oh, and please, let it be good stuff  hah   wink "
is so excited for youth in revolt  hopefull i can see it friday after babysitting  *cough* <propmale> bean *cough*
listening to other people talk about you when they don't know you can hear them is awwwwwkward 
tango till they're sore - <propmale> waits = ohmygoodness  oh  and <propfirst> holiday makes me melt   smile 
"loves you more than she loves the smell of rain, more than russians, more than pretzel day and shark week, and even more than she wants to be a cow  and, let me tell you, that's a lot of love "
blue and black stripes 
"downloaded the coolest music everr  she found a song about a man becoming a wolf and joining a pack, and there's a harmonica solo in it   smile "
"best  day  ever  except for a few minor things, like a headache  about to see youth in revolt  smile  so excited "
"ohhhhhmygoodness  i love youth in revolt  not as good as the book, but how could it be? i mean, the book was great  but the movie made sheeni far more likeable, and the whole nick francois thing was done so well  i loved it  i may have a weird kinda not really infatuation with <propfirst> cera "
"just because you want to, ask me anything in the whole wide world  http annoyed  www formspring me evie"
"had the best weekend  she didn't do anything  smile  including homework, haha "
"i know, everyone seems to have these  but    you should still ask me anonymous questions  smile  http annoyed  www formspring me evie"
"facebook really doesn't want me to post this note  i've started writing it three times, and each time, the <propfemale> closes when i'm half-way done  hmph "
omg  open glee auditions  it says you have to be 16-26    but i'm going to audition anyways  wink 
needs something to do    besides homework 
"today is thursday  smile  i hope it will be amazing  no new office or community tonight, but two new 30 rock!"
loves 
has the best soliloquy (monologue? maybe) for english everr   smile  haha that's a bit of an exaggeration  but i'm excited anyways 
has decided she wants to be an incredibly erudite and cultured lady   smile  beginning    now!
"copy this into your status and see how people rate you!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=club head, 7=moody, 8 laugh umb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoiled, 11=random, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 16=tough, 17=cute, 18=gf bf type, 19=player, 20=i love you, 21=gorgeous, 22=the best"
"despite how much i try to be a feminist and break the teenage girl mold, i still get all giddy when mom says we're going shopping "
"bought lots and lots of things  smile  i know i just did my nails yesterday, but i got new nail polish, and i must try it out! <propfemale> tripp, i got a lumberjack shirt  surprise "
needs something to do  annoyed \
leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting   
woke up at 5 smile 0 from a series of horrifying nightmares  annoyed \ going to try to not go on facebook again for the rest of the day so i can finish all of my homework 
is in love with <propfirst> <propmale> 
"are you an amateur, or is it your unkind?  to torture all the other girls, you keep me by your side  would you ever be my, would you be my f*cking boyfriend?"
if only everyone could know what i am really like   
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> 
"hey, does someone please want to make a definition for 'gennavieve' on urban dictionary?  smile  thanks "
"me: <propmale>, working hard, or hardly working? *insert cheesy hand guns here* <propmale>: i'll work you till you're hard "
"and pretzel day? well, i like pretzel day "
"trying to decide on a decent audition song for glee    is dancing through life all right? gah, i don't know  i am so bad at choosing audition songs "
needs to do something tonight   annoyed \
doesn't know how she'll be able to go sledding when she can't move her torso   annoyed \ wayyyy too young to be broken 
"enjoyed 27+ hours of no electricity, no cell service, no heater, and 3 1 2 feet of snow  i missed civilization, but now i'm not sure i need it "
has a hankering to play old school video games 
is going to have a concert in her room tonight to celebrate the finding of her ipod 
"my hands are too small to play instruments  i have been trying and trying, but i can't reach the 9th fret from the 7th on my guitar  hmph "
is not excited to move  annoyed \ she loves her house  so conveniently located!
"is trying to learn the pokerap  (gotta catch 'em all, gotta catch 'em all )"
"<propfemale>, so for national lady gaga day tomorrow, i am making a really awesome newspaper dress  but    should i wear it? i don't know how many people will get it, and i really hate getting weird looks and stuff, y'know?"
might be a narcissist 
forget lady gaga day  i'm celebrating j d  salinger tomorrow   sad  he died wednesday  only    how do i celebrate? lol
jd salinger's first name was <propmale>  how cool is that?
moving  frowny  hopefully my friends will make it better  woke up to the death-throes of some girl at the sapphire at 2 am  -_-'
taking a break from moving to write her essay  annoyed \ only because i don't think <propfemale> will accept moving as an excuse 
of course  i would get sick  i better get well soon 
"found some old notes my mom had written for me excusing me from homework  they aren't dated, either  score   smile "
tired and sick   annoyed \ make it better please?
"must decide between wii super <propfirst> bros, or watching vhs movies and doing homework, or writing a story  hm "
"eviesaurus tumblr com <--- check that out, read the latest post  seriously  *shivers*"
"since this month is februahairy-- grow any facial hair this month, or like you know, don't shave, and i will make you the dessert of your choice  haha "
first day at the new house   smile  i seriously love my room  it's <propfemale> 
is happy  and why shouldn't she be?  smile 
"is so  tired  and i need all of the energy i can get because after babysitting tomorrow, i'm heading over to britani <propfirst> rebelo's with ceilidh equality morrison, <propfirst> zachow, and <propfemale> <propmale>, and then rushing rent on saturday!  laugh ddd"
"galinda is in heat  annoyed \ her incessant mewing is breaking my heart  and she does this thing where she like squats and puts her butt up in the air, like it's her mating call or something "
so excited  so so excited for rent!  smile  people don't even know  i plan to document the 12+ hour day with my camera  smile  how we gonna paaaay for the    safeway? haha  wink 
wants to be famous 
wow  wow  wow  rent was pure heaven  except for the hellish parts  writing a note to fully e playful lain everything  smile  checkkkk it out 
"<propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> zachow, britani <propfirst> rebelo, ceilidh equality morrison, on that duude's blog, he said he met papa larson and the larson family!!  surprise "
what are your favorite things in life?
why are entire years strewn on the cutting room floor of memory as single frames of one magic night forever flicker in close up on the 3-d imax of my mind   thats poetic- thats pathetic 
"is ready to get rid of this flu   sad  my nose is seriously so pink and swollen, it's like a grapefruit "
"forget the attitude of my last post  i am super excited over the stupidest thing  i can't help but be totally thrilled, though, even if nothing will come of it   "
is kinda mad and upset  you could make her feel better by sending her a heart shaped pizza from pizza my heart   smile  or  you could find some other way  lol
"tomorrow is bsol & awkward thursday  my favorite day of the week  wink  <propfemale> horning and <propfemale> olson, be prepared, haha "
"has the strangest brother  i'm not sure why everyone i know wants to meet him  but, i love him all the same  look at his ( <propmale> <propmale>'s) profile pic  wowwwww "
"today i decided i wanted to be a fashion designer but only to make a clothing line for men that is called <propmale>, and a women's clothing line called bad romance the ads would say \wear <propmale>\"" and \""get caught in bad romance clothing\""  <--- this is what my brother thinks about in bed  ily <propmale>  lol"""
"omg  freaking double standards  my mom is so strict with me, and then all rules go out the window with my brother  all she said was, \it's <propmale>  i trust him \"" what? she doesn't trust me? it's not like i'm a slut!"""
"is watercoloring an octopus wearing a top hat and a monocle while playing the violin on a thundercloud in the sky  i'll try to scan it when i'm done so you can get the full picture, lol"
"so yesterday, i asked for dark blue bands for my braces  i ended up getting blue blue bands  ohhhh boy "
needs to make a video 
" smile  it's such a beautiful day out  going for a run, going to the movies, then going out to lunch with my family! wish i was at the beach today   "
okay  i'll write my essay  but    i need help  i don't know what to do!
"i guess it's video games and homework today  oh, babysitting tonight!  laugh "
"is so stupid  kung fu panda distracted me from doing my essay  now i have to babysit, and i will be up until midnight doing my essay "
"omg  if i don't go as a censored streaker for halloween, i'm going as a homeless robot, with a sign asking for money-- written in binary  brilliant "
only like 2 more paragraphs and minor editing! woohoo!
"uh-oh  i think my essay is really really good  that must mean it is terrible  oh well, i'm too tired to care "
"is comfortable with who she is, even if people judge her or dislike her for who she is  how many people can say that?"
"and now, for the life-changing question: do i wear sweats or shorts tomorrow?"
"ask me anything, http annoyed  formspring me evie"
 smile  post your favorite memory of us together!
is so screwed schoolwise   annoyed \ unhappy 
"would rather go to the monterey bay aquarium for the day with <propfemale> <propmale> than miss a day of school to go to the cabin, but whatever  no phone or internet up there, so i will talk to you all monday!"
is back from the northern abyss that is her cabin! now she gets to complete all of her homework before 9 smile 0     annoyed \ great  at least her grades are slightly higher 
"is going to do her entire research project tonight   annoyed \ i'm going to try to do it in less than three hours  on your marks, get set, go!"
likes the rain 
"has to go to sleep listening to <propfirst> cusack's voice, i guess  haha  (since i watch <propfemale> or better off dead to go to sleep)"
woahh  new glasses and a haircut? today must be my lucky day   wink 
"i picked up my cat to take her off of the keyboard, and i touched her stitches  ugh  so gross!"
is going bowling!  smile 
needs to go to the beach or aquarium  that'll make me feel better  smile 
"heading to emeryville today  hopefully making a stop at the beach  i don't care if it's cold, i want to play with the waves "
fine  okay  i'll do my homework     annoyed \
"history project done, english quotes, alg 2 test, and pre-lab to go  hah  this might be a long night "
ahhhhh  rent auditions  do i do it?
well this pretty much sucks  oh well  any ideas of a post-70s pop rock song for my audition?
d: i don't want to audition alone!
audition confirmed! what do you think of using that is why by say anything for an audition song?
"honestly  does anyone know of any good pop rock songs, that are kinda rent-esque? i'm thinking some older pink song, that is why by say anything, or after hours by we are scientists  any more suggestions? or votes?"
"so far, i know like no one in my classes  no period 1, p2- alg 2, thompson, p3- spanish 2b, grobmeier, p4- drama 3, watts, p5- history, frye, p6- adv theater wkshop "
going to strizzis  smile  excited for a half day tomorrow! i don't know why everyone complains about finals   
please stay tuned for a recap of tonight's shows at 10  question: do you think <propfemale>'s baby will be a boy or girl?
"alg 2 & pe final  then finished with pe! oh, and the cats get the cones off today  wink  thank goodness  they are driving me insane "
across the universe  smile  <propmale> sturgess is gorgeous  <propfirst> <propfemale> wood can die  she's so annoying! lol
"wow, what a lovely saturday! it's so beautiful out! hanging out with <propfirst>, looking for my rent dvd, and cleaning for a garage sale "
is really excited for the <propfemale> and the frog to come out on dvd   smile 
"is so excited to watch the oscars tonight!  smile  in a few years, i'll get to be there, perhaps even win one?"
"not very happy today  might write a screenplay, maybe make an informational video for awkward thursday  any ideas?"
<propfirst> kimmel is so freaking funny 
eating raviolis and <propmale> & <propfirst>'s (not together) while watching movies is the perfect cure for what i'm feeling  or maybe i'll read me some <propfirst> wilde 
"and dying when you're not really sick is really sick, y'know  really "
"head to the civic center library at 3 smile 0 today for book trailers! bring your friends and make a video \selling\"" your favorite book! (i'm filming them  smile )"""
is so tired  i need my rest for awkward thursday!
glasses or contacts tomorrow? hm 
happy awkward thursday! and bsol day  wink 
"i really suck at allowing  people annoy me way too easily  or maybe, everyone is just being a jerk "
today was the worst awkward thursday of all time   sad 
 sad  i never get to see anyone anymore  what is up with that?
has pressing moral issues she needs to ponder   annoyed 
had a really crappy week  but it was almost completely made up for when jt and i rolled up each other into burritos   smile 
is once again afraid of sleeping   annoyed \ why can't i be afraid of spiders like normal people?
"has a huge garage sale at her house  seriously, there is so much stuff, we could have opened up a thrift store for the day "
is (hopefully) going to strizzis and cafe <propmale>   smile 
"took two naps today, and managed to finish her watercolor and color a picture for sami "
"is feeling super creative today! working on my secret leprechaun gift, going to cafe <propmale> (fer sure this time), and planning my screen play all day!"
"is not excited for school  if you see me tomorrow, you should say something random to make my day   laugh "
"well, i'm ready 30 minutes early  i guess i'll do the math homework i \forgot\"" to do  sigh """
had a good day  smile  i enjoyed talking to people i don't normally talk to 
cannot find her rent dvd  d: nor her <propmale> and <propfemale>'s infinite playlist dvd!
wanna hear a joke? the cahsees 
dang  <propfirst> zachow almost hit that really high note in the solo in seasons of love  now if she did that for the variety show and our audition     wink 
now that's a real shame when folks be throwin'  away a perfectly good white boy like that 
"rjtkrsefhgm back to square one  i didn't realize i couldn't find sheet music for total eclipse of the heart in the key i needed it in  so, maybe i'll work on something else  i would like to do call me when you're sober, but it'd be better if i was going for <propfemale>   "
i wonder how many people have deleted me from their news feed  hmmmm 
"i hate myself sometimes  okay  so for audition songs for rent, i have something to talk about, or an alanis morissette song  and i'm psyched about either, so that's a good sign!"
<propfirst> and her boyfriend are so funny  well  mainly her boyfriend  haha 
"you know it's spring when i finally decide it's time to wear shorts, lol  i'm going to miss you, jeans   sad "
"weird day  i ended up making a fool of myself every <propmale> i got  though, good news: my mom has fallen through on her promise to put <propmale> down  (note: <propmale>  not <propmale>  that'd be illegal )"
 wink  mannnn  i miss my <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> zachow  hopefully i'll see them both tomorrow!
likes you   wink 
"ommigod, ommigod you guys   smile  seeing legally blonde the musical tonight  i love going to musicals!"
gah  fml   annoyed 
"i must seem bipolar today, lol  but yay! buying two new baby chicks today  smile  we're getting a plymouth rock and a rhode island red, i think  hopefully my racist dog won't kill the plymouth rock    again "
"got home at midnight, wish i could have stayed longer in the city  legally blonde was great  smile  i loved the emmet and <propmale>  and, of course, the ups guy  i stagedoored and got practically everyone's autograph except <propfemale>'s   smile  pretty good night "
"obock brahma will not shut up! and she keeps trying to push herself underneath chickeil o'neil so that chickeil is like sitting on top of her lol  i'm not sure what she's trying to accomplish from that, but it's pretty cute lol "
"my plan for the last 10 or so weeks of school: pretend i'm not actually at school, but at a different place each day  tomorrow may be hogwarts  next monday may be a <propmale> where i may celebrate lumberjack monday  who knows!"
"so many things happening, it's hard to keep them straight! i'm just going to ignore it all and pretend life has never been better lol"
so    whoever called me several times around 5:20 as private caller    what was that about? lol
 sad  rip obock brahma  i guess you can't have an awesome name and survive in this world 
"rip <propmale>  annoyed \ i've spent my entire life with you  i'm sorry your life ended somewhat disgracefully  i'm going to miss you  god, two pets in one week   annoyed \\\"
"there's only us, there's only this  forget regrets or life is yours to miss  no other road, no other way  no day but today "
"let's go out tonight  i have to go out tonight  you wanna prowl, be my night owl? well take my hand, we're gonna howl out tonight"
"man  where the heck should i possibly apply to college? i mean  i want to do law, or theatre, or film  all three require different schools "
"oh! right  i have that dvd, and then there's like a whole <propfemale> thing with more in my garage, lol"
i'm so proud of myself! i'm in the 95th percentile of my class  wink  (that's good  lol)
"thanks career test  really, i should be an actor? thanks  (note: sarcasm)"
okay    i hit the submit button for my classes  two ap classes (3 ap tests) buut then the rest are eassssssssy 
bread+olive oil in my lunch=the most ingenious thing ever 
"uhm, you'll need to upload it to like windows movie maker and then cut the piece out and resave it "
i forgot about cats don't dance! dude  i would like to sing big and loud please  kthanx 
"i forgot to mention! yesterday was the best awkward thursday i've had for a long time  possibly the best ever  thanks to everyone who made it awkward  especially you, random chick who screamed \nice undies \"""""
has the urge to perform over-the-top <propfirst> in public  who else is in?
so  what should i do for the rest of the night?
cannot find free sheet music for her audition song  annoyed \
"man  i'm pooped! between garage sales, <propfemale>'s sweet sixteen (woot!) and the family bbq, i'm surprised i'm still awake! aquarium or beach+headshots tomorrow?  laugh "
"wants to kiss the world   smile  seriously, i haven't felt this good in a long long time "
"   now what do i do? i don't feel like studying for the world hist test, and no way will i be doing math homework    so writing my resume?"
"i wonder what people think of me when they see my facebook  i hope it's good thoughts, haha "
"'cause i've got one hand in my pocket, and the other one is giving a high-five "
"what the heck? i was maybe going to take my headshots saturday, but that didn't work  maybe was going to sunday, that didn't work  was definitely going to take them today    but it didn't work out?!"
"my brother was correcting a science worksheet in class, and instead of answering sepal (the thing that protects the petals of a flower), he wrote soul patch because he was watching apollo ohno on t v  i have taught him well  i love <propmale> <propmale> "
<propfirst> zachow and i performed wicked: abridged for <propfemale> <propmale> and katarina wagner  best thing ever! next week: act 2  lol
whew  my audition song breaks up into 32 bars pretty easily  oh  any idea if i'm a soprano mezzo alto? because i frankly have no idea 
time to get ready for my headshots    *yawn*
my headshots turned out so adorable! i forgot to upload them on my computer though  i'm going to go to my dad's house and play de blob until i babysit  smile  text me 
"i'm too lazy to type up a resume, since my old one has disappeared  i'm trying so hard not to freak out over everything, but it's not working too well "
"when life gets you down, play the life you want on the sims  works every time  or you can ruin their lives, that helps, too "
"omgomgomg  i'm psyching myself out  i can't do this audition  it's really difficult to get me nervous, but this does it "
"happy easter  smile  in true <propmale> tradition, we're going to have breakfast and watch movies all morning! <propfemale> and the frog and  sherlock holmes, anyone?"
"i request that everyone texts me at least sometime this next week  either a whole conversation, or just a simple *txts*  kudos to those who send me a whole story  i love texts like that "
"doesn't want to sleep  but when i don't sleep, i get the bags under my eyes which i hate, and i'd rather not be tired for my audition tomorrow "
gonna party like it's 2012! and then go kick that audition's butt  yeah 
"so, i failed my audition  big surprise  but, i learned of something even better: auditions for a chorus line! now that's something i have a real <propmale> in, lol"
"off to utah today!  smile  i miss that place, even if it is less exciting than california  be sure to text me! 925-321-3772"
"i've been flying to utah about 3 times a year for 14 years, and this is the first time i've ever been anxious  what the heck?!"
"according to wii fit, i am currently healthier now, (when i have no pe), than in november, when i had pe, and last june, when i ran even more than i did in november  whaaaat?"
"shopping today was a success!  smile  got these freaking adorable yellow shoes by diesel (love them ) and a bunch of make-up hair stuff, and a tank top with a freaking *octopus* on it! and the weather was like 55 degrees  woah  lol i actually took off my jacket "
can somebody please call my phone? my brother took it and hid it somewhere downstairs    only i don't know where   
"goodbye everyone! i'm moving to a cruise ship  hopefully a disney cruise ship  if i come to port in san <propfirst>, i'll try to see all of you!"
"okay, pretend you are a complete stranger to me  now, look at my profile  now    what would you think of me? lol"
hm  i really don't want to go to sleep  but i need to if i want to get out of the house tomorrow   
"i woke up at 7, and i thought, why should i have to wake up this early? so i went back to bed and slept until 9:15  smile  going to see date night today! text me  wink "
" smile  i love quilling  totally time consuming, but so awesome  oh, hey, i have a bazillion picture frames i need to fill, so friends, give me some pictures please! thanks   smile "
"is going to the zoo  laugh  then, season opener salt lake real game  smile  so excited, for everything "
off the the real game! front row tickets!  laugh  i'll post pics 
"back in cali! thanks for all the notifications, guys  annoyed  need to find some way to get through the day without screaming   "
"so, i'm pretty much the luckiest kid ever  i get my braces off in 9 days  that means i'll only have had them on for 10 months  suck on that!  laugh "
i haven't been on facebook for a while    maybe i'm done with it?
"going to the city with <propfirst> zachow to find her senior ball dress! she's gonna look <propfemale> hot, it'll turn <propmale> <propmale> straight  wink "
so tired from waking up early and shopping with <propfirst> zachow   but i had so much fun! hopefully seeing kick-ass tonight with <propfirst> mcguire 
kick-ass=amazing  that was a super good movie!  laugh  being forced to go to an a's game today against my will  annoyed \ blech 
"is exhausted and feeling super sick  maybe doing homework and sims will help? oh  and i sat in the sun all day today, and i look even paler than before! what the heck?!"
frye's homework please? thanks  smile 
needs another arrested development tee!  smile  frye's homework please? thanks!
oh  what was the homework for thompson's alg 2 class? it says <propfemale> 738 on school loop    but there are no problems on that <propfemale>    lol
"i just rode my bike with my family while doing movie montage worthy choreography, while singing do (a deer)  life is like a movie lol"
just did polar e playful ress and trees in my living room    man i miss dance so much 
happy birthday elphie and galinda!  smile  getting braces off tomorrow! oh  and if anyone doesn't have a 1st block and wants to <propfemale> out during the weird <propfemale> test schedule    let me know!
"so, who else is psyched for rent act one: abridged?  katarina wagner, are you prepared to bring it?! how about <propfirst> zachow?!! (i call <propfirst>)"
ohmygod  i cannot stop smiling  i look so amazing   smile  i love not having braces  i look so different! i'll post some pics after dinner  smile 
i sound freaking stupid with my retainer  omg  it's bad 
"i'm thinking about it    maybe i'll just do it later though  like, next week "
bad news: i threw up  good news: my retainer really is glow-in-the dark! bad news: i found out when i washed the vomit off of it 
not feeling too great  but it's okay  i'm going to put on my big girl panties and babysit and do my chores! text me  smile 
"i really want to do something today, before all my friends come over at 3  but    i'm stuck with a house full of crazy people who run around the house at 4 smile 0 am  i wish i could just crawl back into bed   "
needs some pictures to decorate her room with  time to search the internet!
had a fun adventure with <propfirst> mcguire and <propfemale> sandoval  except for the whole car fiasco  that was not so fun  time to party all night with everyone else!  smile 
"had an awesome night with <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> swiers, and <propfirst> <propmale> (i mean sashley  rofl) going shopping in gilroy today  smile  text it!"
don't make me go to school tomorrow  i won't do it!
"i still get e-mails from habbo    rofl  i delete them the second i see them, but still  it makes me miss the old days    kinda "
i love my dad for getting me pyzano's pizza  this made my monday  oh  and <propmale> has at least one friend  thanks for whoever pretended to like my brother enough to make him a friendship bracelet!
really dislikes wednesday's  except for when sami comes over after school and everyone does wicked: abridged and stuff 
having a rather lousy day   sad  raviolis and belting the rent soundtrack will fix it though  text it!
so  i've decided to maybe give up theatre and just stick with film for a while  or maybe forever  idk
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky little girl, 3   yrs old picked up by man driving grey car, license plate: quebec 72b   381  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is   recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you"
i wish everyday was a friday 
"going up to my aunt's cabin  then, (insert name here) festival tomorrow! i'm never quite sure of the actual name of the festival, since it changes every year  i just call it <propfemale> wine festival, just to be safe lol"
okay  i'm home  so    what do i do now? oh  that's right  sims 
"ended my lazy sims day early to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  fun day   smile  some worthwhile quotes, as well, lol"
has a funny feeling about today     annoyed \
"a rather lousy day    except for the end   smile  i get to be <propfemale> in 1984 on thursday, may 20th! i'm pretty excited  i know i can pull it all together in three weeks!!"
i'm so aceing the history test   smile  bring ittttt 
"here's a summary of my day: kicked history's butt on that test today  ready 1984 about 1984 times  i was pretty pissed since i had to stay at school all through lunch and first block since my lunch plans failed, but i was with <propfirst>  then i went to the mall with <propfirst>, and all ended well when i bought three lipglosses i didn't need "
so    i fell asleep at like 8:45 pm  wth? i missed glee! d:
"is making a new email  i want something cute    like <propfirst>'s \openingnight\""  suggestions please?"""
" smile  i kinda like learning my lines  even if it does mean me reading the script a kajillion times  i'm pretty good at memorizing, though!"
yet another night of forgetting to do my math homework  time to take my pill and hope it will put me to sleep  sleeping in for the first time in a week   smile 
the only reason i want to go to school is drama  not looking forward to my academic classes     annoyed \
omg  i'm freaking myself out  what if i don't play <propfemale> the way the director wants? and what if i can't memorize my blocking and lines? today was a disaster! i have to run lines 24 7  i have to do everything humanly possible to get this right 
"fml    jordyn wright, you won  i refuse to write my actor bio now  i finally wrote it, and i thought it printed    but it didn't  and it didn't save  so now i just won't do it!"
"excited to work on props today! found some suuuper cool props  also  i need to spend less time with my brother  every time we open our mouths, we say the exact same thing  it's scary "
"oh man  thanks to everyone who posted something about their homework, because i completely forgot to do mine "
"not super excited today  i have a spanish test, which is going to be painfully easy, and a wwii test, which i will ace because i'm that awesome  and then i go home on time today, and go back to school at six and work on play stuff  in summary    eh "
"you know  drama is my favorite part of my day  i get to just mess around and be myself, and everyone is there for a variation of the same reason: to perform  and you get so much done while having so much fun  there's hardly a bad thing about drama "
omg  lullaby of broadway is stuckinmyhead  getitout getitout getitout!  annoyed \
is so exhausted  going back to school in an hour to do play stuff until 9 smile 0ish  woohoo!     i'm so stressed and tired   annoyed \ and i don't have my make-up today  just my make-up <propfemale>  oh well   smile 
wants to blast her ipod and jump around and dance like a fool   smile 
"i need a silver box, noww  probably just wrapping an orbit gum package in tin foil or spray painting or something lol"
"i am so proud of everyone in 1984  smile  i'd tag all of you, but then i would be here all night  and, when this play is over    we need to exterminate bobstein   annoyed \"
"guess who learned all of her lines in less than two weeks! so i was planning on just doing all of next week's homework this weekend  that was, until frye assigned another timeline, plus a paragraph description of each event  ohh boy "
"good job to all in 1984  smile  be sure to see it thursday, may 20th, that's when i'm <propfemale>  smile  if not, definitely see it that friday or saturday  it is a fantastic show! granada high little theatre, 7pm curtain  be there  wink "
so    i'm hungry  anyone willing to bring me a cheese pizza and some chilled smartwater please? thanks   smile 
"getting some exercise, hopefully running lines with ceilidh, hopefully eating, iron man 2, and next week's math homework  all shall be accomplished by 9 smile 0 pm!"
"look  i just don't want to do my homework  i don't want to do it this weekend, i won't want to do it next week, and i won't want to do it over the summer  let's just accept it, and give me an a anyway because i know the material "
"a killer headache is not a pleasant start to my day  doing frye's timeline, and then babysitting for the rest of the afternoon night  this may be one of my most productive weekends ever "
"what? i did all of my homework for this weekend, plus tomorrow's homework, plus most of tuesday's homework, plus i got three paragraphs done for the timeline? this is insane!"
"walked two <propmale> with my hip hurting like crazy, then drove the rest of the way home  what do i do now?"
so mad  i totally screwed up today  annoyed \ and i left my script in the theatre  i'll just have to practice and hope i got it   
"lol i went upstairs to get a band-aid, and i ended up spending 30 minutes reahearsing in front of the mirror, then i went back downstairs to realize i still don't have that band-aid "
"i am soooooo pumped for 1984 tomorrow! thanks for everyone supporting me and thanks to those who put up with my incessant <propfemale> to practice  smile  be sure to go to the show! tomorrow, 7pm, granda little theatre  hope to see you there  wink "
so    i love you 
"i keep refreshing facebook, hoping something else will happen so i'm distracted once more from doing my timeline   "
"goodnight everyone  smile  going to bed and then waking up as <propfemale>! i don't think it works like that, but i'm going to try anyway  be sure to see me tomorrow in 1984  smile !"
"today is the day! i couldn't sleep at all last night  i haven't been this nervous since i performed by myself at the <propfemale> and wine festival when i was 7  hopefully, frye will let me rehearse 5th block  hopefully "
"getting into character is hardddd  annoyed \ be sure to see 1984 tonight! 7 pm, granada little theatre  everyone has worked so hard  smile  it's such a good show!"
"and btw, thanks to mi madre for buying me a save ferris shirt  smile  everyone should help raise money so ferris can buy a new kidney! or    something like that "
"many thanks to everyone who supported me tonight at my show  smile  i cannot thank you enough  i can never, ever, doubt myself again  goodnight everyone, and once again, thank you  smile "
 smile  felt like a rockstar today  even though it wasn't a terrific day  had soooooo much fun going out with <propfirst> zachow!!!! love that girl  also had fun talking backstage  haha  goooood times  thanks to the endless compliments you guys! it means the world to me!
nothing like starting your day with a little hannibal and <propfemale> nail polish  smile 
i don't have time to make videos    but i have enough time to be bored  i need something to do please?
"so, i have a question  can <propmale> phantom have kids? if so, would they be full ghost, half ghost, or part ghost? and if they were half or part ghost, what powers would they have? nickelodeon must answer my questions "
" smile  got new sheets for my bed  excited  decorating my walls today, since the bright <propfemale> is a <propmale> overpowering  what should i put on my walls?"
is going to have a pizza my heart picnic in the seating area of the open ocean exhibit at the monterey bay aquarium  smile  making up for my less-than-awesome mood yesterday 
absolutely did not sleep last night  annoyed \ and didn't finish my math homework  pushing through school anyway because i am a rockstar  laugh  i already miss doing 1984    kinda 
"cannot wait for the pills her mother ordered to come in the mail  i have found a way to enjoy today without going insane, at the very least  smile "
"had the weirdest dream last night  the us went through a proletariat revolution in like 2 days, only, it wasn't really by the proletariat, it was by the upper upper class, they just wanted it to seem like it was the proletariat's idea  and on the first day of class under their regime, i asked too many questions, so they sent me to the dungeons and fed me hay  something is seriously wrong with my subconscious "
is rather satisfied with life 
"hey, can you do me a favor, please? no more judging me, okay? thanks!  smile "
the thing that makes me laugh more than anything in the whole wide world: people who take themselves too seriously  how can you not laugh at that?
is getting her permit today!  laugh  i'm going to feel really stupid if i post this    and then fail my test    lol
"feels sick  but, i have to be at drama and history today   annoyed \ i'd rather not "
"finally, some time alone in my house  smile  i can't wait for summer, when i can <propfemale> out with everyone all the time and make some movies for my portfolio ;>"
"omg  i just made myself a massive brownie sundae  going to eat it, watch sytycd, and then go into a coma  smile "
i have concluded awkward thursday to be a success today!
"it's friday! you know, i'm never excited for the weekends anymore? it's kinda sad "
"had an absolutely amazing night!  smile  now time to go to the cabin, maybe swim up there, maybe go shopping, then back home tomorrow afternoon! no cell service, so i'll talk to everyone laterr  smile "
"i am not enjoying being a loner tonight   annoyed \ no one is texting me, my cable is spazzing out, and i have nothing to do but math homework  kill me now "
"give me something to do  so bored, it makes me angry  ugh "
"happy birthday, <propfirst> <propmale>! going to clean my room (yikes!) then seeing <propmale> of persia "
my steel drum band must cover come on <propfemale>  how incredible would that be?!
"my hands smell like waffle cones    and no matter how much i wash them, they still have that smell! i dunno why they smell like that, seeing as i really don't like waffle cones "
"so, i'm just trying to get a basic poll of people who are interested in having a day of hide and seek at the ikea in emeryville on either saturday, june 12, or tuesday, june 14  please comment with your preferred date if you are interested   smile "
is it weird that i'm excited for the ap summer homework? because i am really excited  i am just so really for my classes next year   smile 
"can i just say: i am totally amazed by how many celebrate awkward thursday  it just started as a little fun with my already awkward friends, and now it's a celebration!  smile  i'm glad everyone enjoys being awkward \now, if you like this status i will post on your \wall something i like about you  make this your status if you want a\ challenge  playful "
"so  two things  one: my mom <propmale> roll'd me today at school  she sent me a text, and i thought it was about one thing, but really it was the <propmale> astley song  made my day  love \two: i love this thing where you tell everyone what you like about them  people can be so negative and just focus on that  but now people are focusing on the good, and that only multiplies the good by, like, a bazillion!"
ugh  i don't have the <propfemale> to learn how to use audacity  i just wanted to piece together some harmonies of a walk through hell to make it at least somewhat presentable to youtube  but    that's not looking great for me right now 
"don't even talk to me    i am so exhausted! and i have the variety show, babysitting, and then a cast party  won't even be home till like 11  ugh "
"so tired  i think i'm taking a temporary hiatus from facebook, simply because i am so exhausted  if you really want to reach me, i'll be in bed most of the day tomorrow with my phone and my handy-dandy movie collection, so call text me if you need to   "
ahhhhh  how should i get my hair cut? just a trim? idk!
"luckiest girl in the world? i think so! not only did i win wicked lotto thursday, i won lady gaga tickets today, and i manifested myself some donuts  i am so awesome  and humble "
exhausted  but i don't really want to sleep  at all  i want to dance and chat  going to the sunset festival tomorrow in menlo park! yay!
"woohoo  walking home in flip-flops carrying my apush book, spanish book, yearbook, plus all my school crap, plus the war is peace posters was an awful idea  ouch  someone actually yelled \i'm sorry\"" to me from their car lol """
be careful what you wish for    it just might come true!
"i can now legally drive with a liscenced driver of 25 or older! dude  i drove part of the way home, and let me just say    i drove better before i had my permit  haha  i feel really bad!"
"drove home today  much more sueccessful than the driving fiasco of yesterday  even drove on s livermore, which scares me to death  but i guess all the other drivers knew that, because no one was on it when i turned  smile "
feeling a little off today  annoyed \ the sims shall cure that though!
"why is my favorite family on the sims at my mom's house? i was saving my game because i know how my mom's computer loves to crash on me, and of course, it crashed just as i was saving  this family is never getting anywhere!"
"all you are to me is dead skin, flaking off my hand onto the pavement "
"summer will be great! kick off with lunch with <propfemale> bean, <propfemale> bean-<propmale>, <propmale> <propmale>, <propfirst> zachow! then <propfirst> and i went to the mall, where we had loads of fun, and then i went to <propmale>'s soccer game!  smile  now i just need to find some time to be crazy with <propfemale> <propmale> and katarina wagner! p s  i hate you, katarina "
woke up to my mom and brother screaming at the tv  must be the world cup  love  excited to do a fashion photoshoot for <propfemale> tripp's lookbook!  laugh  laugh  laugh  teaparty+picnic included 
"to the grads (especially my dear <propfirst> zachow) congrats on graduating! you all worked so hard, and you guys have such exciting futures ahead of you! wish i was at your graduation! and, good luck to you all  smile "
"bummed my filming plans fell through  sad  going to watch the world cup instead, though  woohoo!  laugh  this summer is looking to be pretty awesome still, lol i just need to find some time to <propfemale> out with my friends more  especially katarina and <propfirst> and sami and all of my friends that i didn't <propfemale> out with in the last few months of school  sad ("
"tie 1-1! the us goal was so baaaaad haha  but, whatever, i'll take whatever goals we can get  but i'm so embarrassed for the brits  c'mon green, you have to feel stupid for letting that one go in!"
"so bored! it's either clean the garage so i can dance, clean my room so i can put in the new computer, or work out  hmmmmm "
okay  i don't enjoy being home alone anymore  anyone want to call me and chat?
"beachbeachbeachbeach! please? playing some old school roller coaster tycoon, getting rid of the refridgerator (in the dump, not my yard  i'm not white trash ) then, hopefully going to the beach, or the city   smile "
"just got back from the beach  love  i love it, even if it does turn me blonde  now eating chinese food, setting up the new comp, and recording the tonys  smile !"
"i feel like such a computer pro when i try to install the sims 2  lol i dunno why it won't work flawlessly, though  i have so many blank cds with downloaded patches and back-up disks just so i can install it   "
"finally found time to read without you (sorry <propfemale> <propmale>  i'll be done soon!) just got to the part where <propmale> dies, and i'm bawling! i mean, i knew when it was going to happen, but still  what a talented guy  he was    a prophet or something  and jesus, guys, i'm in a book for his family!"
"<propmale> out downtown and then dyed my hair with <propfirst> zachow! we're both lovely, dark-haired beauties now  smile "
why is it so difficult to install the sims 2?! i might as well just wait and install the sims 3 
"so fixed all my other sims 2 problems    except for when i transfer the compressed file on disk 4, it says there's an error of the cyclic redundancy check  and cleaning the disk isn't fixing it, so i either buy a discounted disk 4, or just forget the sims 2  i like the last idea "
we never get out of the house before noon in utah   
i love the gumball machines that dispense moustaches   love 
"man, it's exhausting to keep up with my friends' sleep schedules haha  i hope they know that i risk my health to talk to them!  playful "
"if everyone can work just a little harder to get out of the house, we might actually be able to go see the chalk <propmale> festival at the gateway  let's goooooo "
"well, since i was the only one in my family who really wanted to do stuff    how about you text me while they go and be lazy?"
"jealous of everyone going to yatc  love  also, happy fathers' day <propfirst> <propmale>! wish i was with you! i love and miss you lots!"
"haha my family is so crazy  i love them for it  love  got some pretty good quotes from this weekend, too  haha  wink "
"so  since i've been so attached to my phone lately, i decided not to text anyone for the rest of the day  (let's see how long this lasts  especially since i'm not doing anything today, and i'm stuck in utah) talk to you all tomorrow!  smile "
"is in a funk  shopping didn't alleviate the icky feelings  and finishing without you really didn't help, haha  and then my family threw out the chocolate cake, and my grandparents don't have a vcr  so    what do i do?"
"so, i'm thinking ikea scavenger hunt the last week of july  like or comment if you're game  jordyn wright, let's make a list of things when you get back!  laugh  katarina wagner, aren't you psyched?! haha "
"back in california  smile  so, e playful lain to me why i am having nightmares about the first day of next year    when we're only two weeks into summer  it might be some part of me trying to get me to finish my ap homework early  but i won't let it succeed!  wink "
"i'm thinking vine to watch the world cup?  laugh  then, back to working with my impossible computer to make it slightly useful "
"ugh  bored  and my computer is so freaking slow, so i refuse to use it until it decides to be faster  anyone wanna <propfemale> out, chat, whatever?"
"ugh  i wanna make a quick video vlog thing, but i have no idea what to do! creative blocks are the worst "
"hurray  smile  after two weeks of having nightmares every night, i didn't have one last night! i think that means today will be a good day  also, finally came up with a fantastic idea for a screenplay  cannot wait to finish it  smile "
i was going to make a ringtone of <propmale> rogen's laugh    but i decided that might be a little too creepy 
"i feel like doing some designing  i might be redesigning my bathroom this summer, if <propmale> <propmale> and i can agree on something lol  i'm thinking something fresh  like, apple green and a fog grey color scheme, with super a super light wood for the cabinets  dunno if <propmale> is totally digging that, though, haha "
"great idea for a screenplay    but i just never get around to writing  i am determined to finish it before the end of summer, though!!"
"exhausted  i need to wash my shoes so i can paint and sew buttons onto them, and i need to perfect sami's birthday gift  hmmmm   "
"hanging out with sami-sue today  smile  for the first time this summer, too!"
any movies that i absolutely have to see? i'm trying to check everything off of the list lol
"if i'm going to have so much free time, i should really remember my webcam because i have nothing to do     annoyed \"
going to <propfemale> out with my dear <propfirst> zachow on her 18th birthday  smile  then celebrating <propfemale> <propmale>'s 16th later tonight  happy birthday to my besties  wink 
excited for the annual 4th of july party tomorrow  smile  i miss seeing everyone!!
"day is not off to a good start    it will get better though, once my friends get here! i hope to see everyone at robertson park tonight  wink "
"i will not be staying up until 4 smile 0 again for a very long time  i took a nap, but that only seemed to make things worse lol all i want to do is sleep   "
playing <propfemale> <propfirst> on the wii  smile  i am so addicted to those games 
"maybe going to see the germany vs spain game at the vine  if not, i'll probably be reading at strizzis today "
is craving some pyzano's pizza  oh well  gay nineties will just have to do 
people can be so confusing sometimes!
"text talk to me today! just packing and playing <propfemale> <propfirst> and babysitting, so not much is going on haha "
" smile  home from yosemite! what an incredibly fun trip! <propfemale> <propmale> and i had so much fun in the freezing cold water, and hiking up mist trail  smile  glad to be home, though  pictures are going up soon!"
"nintendo 64 nostalgia day  this saturday  my house  4 smile 0-7 smile 0  everyone is invited! bring controllers if you want because mine kinda suck haha  i have a lot of games, but bring some if you want  smile "
"so today, i'm going to finish watching shop girl, then make a vlog, and then    do nothing  hurray for lazy days  smile !"
hm    what say anything song should i make a ringtone out of? i might just try out a few of them and see 
ugh  kinda sorta really mad   annoyed \
"ohhh, people can be so funny sometimes "
woke up in a bad mood  i'll just release my anger destroying the bathroom today  smile  it's going to look so amazing when we're done!!
"feeling slightly better  even though i can't get my beloved tetris bath and wall set, and my brother completely threw out my idea of green accents, i'm moving on  smile "
"tired, bored, and i feel like i should be creative, but i would really rather not  what is there to do, then?"
"i wish my dreams were real  my good dreams, anyway "
"2,665 views on one of my youtube videos  smile ! 2,515 on another, and 1,789 on yet another  yeah  i'm good  haha "
\the awesome thing about facebook is that you can quote \,d89a03d2a3bb74106bb6595ef52fdb57,wow  my chicken just sneezed  and then i said bless you  lol
"is exhausted! had so much fun playing ultimate and making funny faces at the people in the mcdonald's drive-thru, rofl  wink  going to bed, and hopefully making a video tomorrow "
cutting out pics for my walls tonight  excitedddddd for n64 party tomorrow  smile !
"wow, so i guess i'm back to the weird dreams  in this one, the capitalists decided to have a nuclear war and wipe out as much as they can, and then reteach those who survived that the capitalists were the best, and they tried to make doctors the ruling class  this one could make a good screenplay, actually "
excited to have people over and play some n64  smile  i will own everrrrrryone at pokemon stadium! haha 
 smile  going to the aquarium  lovelovelovelovelove it! i'm so excited!!!!
not going to be a good day today    i feel like just laying in bed all day and watching sappy movies  anyone wanna join me?
"i already hear the calls of the <propfemale> <propfirst> beach boardwalk  smile  tomorrow is going to be soooooo much fun! i'm ditching the yearbook idea, might just follow random people until they notice  haha "
i'm angry at <propfirst> zachow for making me do another audition! d:
santacruzsantacruzsantacruz love 
wicked abridged today? i think so! lol man  i am sooooo tired  this insomnia needs to stop  maybe i should also stop talking on the phone  haha 
wicked abridged might be the coolest thing ever  smile 
next on is it retarded    is <propfemale> <propmale> retarded?
bored out of my mind d: i need to do something besides look at audition songs   
"there is nothing more soothing to the soul than a trip to the mall  smile  excited to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> <propmale>, maybe even <propfirst> zachow!"
can't decide if i want to look nice today or not  hmmm   
"home alone for once! making oreo pie, blasting my music, and playing some much needed sims  because that's what i do when i'm home alone  lol"
"i'd be happy to die for a taste of what angel had  someone to live for, unafraid to say i love you "
"all right  it's midnight, and i have run out of things to do  guess i'll just go to bed  haha  goodnight  smile "
making homemade cinnamon rolls with my daddy  smile  i enjoy not having my brother around 
"so, i plan on finishing this <propfemale> <propfirst> game today, because it is the most complicated one ever, and i have started it 5 different times, but never finished  this time, though, i will!"
haha i loaded the second batch of cinnamon rolls with so much cinnamon that it's oozing out and bubbling in the oven  yummm  smile 
and now i'm bored  suggestions of things to do?
kinda in a bad mood  i need to find something to do today that'll relieve me from my icky feelings 
"i need someone to live like next door to me  or, i need to move back to my house on second st  or maybe i should just walk downtown by myself, like my original plan  hm "
"wow  my wireless router is so incredibly annoying  it likes to just shut off randomly, and it makes uploading videos more difficult than it should be "
"i didn't know it was even possible, but i have managed to make a batch of brownies even better than the last  yummmm  smile "
hanging out downtown today  smile  i'm kinda enjoying this cloudy weather  wish it would rain   
"ahhh i want to do something today  i did babysit, but that's done, so now what do i do?!"
happy tmi tuesday!  laugh 
i want to do something today besides tearing out my bathroom   annoyed \
"last night i had a dream that <propfemale> the e playful lorer was an illegal immigrant  they even showed footage on the news of her pole-vualting the\ border fence  my subconcious is stranger than i thought  mlia"
"i can't wait for our bathroom to be done  smile  it's coming along slowly, but it is so worth it  no more scary bathroom! haha "
"so not only did i spill the primer, get most of it on me, and let it dry so it is nearly impossible to get off, then <propfemale> <propfemale>'s, the pizza i always eat to make things better, is closed! d: nooooooo "
"i absolutely do not want to do my ap homework, and that is that "
"so for the first night in three weeks, i actually slept  for 11 hours! it was amazing! i guess that's what happens when you take sleeping pills, use aromatherapy, and do absolutely everything recommended to help you sleep  and i also had some super weird, insane dreams  oh well  at least i slept "
"i miss <propfirst> <propmale>  sad  together, we will find out who in the world is sabotaging the sims and we will take  them  down "
ugh feel like i'm going to throw up  sad 
so    much    texting    lol  even for me 
couldn't sleep at all because i felt sick  annoyed \ hopefully haircut and hanging out and babysitting will make everything better   
would having an ice cream sundae for breakfast be wrong?
<propfirst> <propmale> is my best friend in the whole wide world  and i love her and thank her for talking to me  lol
"this isn't cool  i didn't ask to be sick  feels like i ate a truckload of steak, milk, and onions  (all things i'm allergic to, if you didn't know) gonna go babysit and hope i don't throw up!"
no hanging with <propfemale> tomorrow  sad  oh well  we'll skype our zombie movie  smile 
my life is pretty messed up  sigh   annoyed \
"omg  \at least <propmale> <propmale> died the way he lived    with animals in his heart\"""""
"gonna be honest, it kills me inside knowing i can't see rent this weekend at the hollywood bowl  i don't care if i don't like most of the cast members, it's rent, and it's going to be phenomenal "
i need to make a video within the next hour    what of?  annoyed \
"camping at <propfemale> for the weekend  no friends, so i guess i'll use that time to do ap homework    text me?"
camping  annoyed \
this must be what other people feel like 
"forget my last post  other people don't feel the same lol  i love katarina wagner  and you know what? i still know all of my lines to 1984  and i know this, because i had a dream last night, and it was the entire play  and then i checked how accurate it was to my script  my mind amazes me "
ohmylord  just watched some vids of rent at the hollywood bowl    didn't know it was possible to do that awful of a job as <propfemale>  wow 
great mall today  smile  hopefully i won't pass out from exhaustion!
"not quite sure what i'm doing today    <propmale> is going to the pixar museum, but i thought we were working on the bathroom today, so   "
"camping again  annoyed \ this time at big basin  but, i'll be going to the boardwalk, uc <propfemale> <propfirst>, and downtown so it's okay  smile  even if i will be all dirty haha  be sure to text me!"
back from camping! thank goodness  now just need to finish homework and figure out what to do for pictures  hmmmm 
"couldn't sleep, though for the short time i managed to, i had this amazing dream about this mom who had rage issues and would get so worked up she would kill whoever made her mad  honestly, it would make a fantastic movie, if i ever got around to writing the script lol "
going to the movies  smile  then babysitting! yay!
"agh, my headache is lasting way too long  annoyed \ going to do school stuff tomorrow  hurray? lol i'm excited to get my schedule, though  smile "
"don't feel so good  sad  gotta feel better so i can do my ap homework! 6 more days to finish grapes of wrath, crucible, and write 93 more note cards  i can do it! haha"
"first trimester is gonna suck  annoyed \ like my teachers, though  1) biotech- lopez 2) spanish 3- grobmeier 3) stats- avilla 4) ap english- heagle 5) apush- mariotti"
"so even though i deleted like 30 odd photos of myself off of facebook yesterday, i took some more today  it's like an addiction haha "
"going to make chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast, something involving <propmale> or marinara for lunch, and brownies somewhere in between  and i am going to do all of my grapes of wrath journal  wish me luck! haha"
omg i have an audition in 10 days and i forgot and i need to find an audition song  can't wait to see how i screw it up this time   
got nothing done today that i meant to  ughhhhhhhhh 
"i was trying to sleep off my migraine, and my mother puts one of my fake mustaches on me and takes a picture  thanks, mom "
"my dad is taking me away so i can do my ap homework, and i may or may not get cell service  on an unrelated note, i had another communist dream last night  smile  i just wish i knew what it meant! lol"
you know that song ironic by alanis morissette? it isn't ironic at all  isn't that ironic?
"only 40 more notecards for apush, and 11 more quotes for ap eng  i am the poster child for procrastination "
"eight quotes per novel seems a little excessive, don't you think? especially when one is like 130 pages long "
omg one pack  i hate you katarina  always and forever   smile 
"school gives me a headache  i want to like it, i do, but there's nothing to be excited about yet  sad "
i am going to turn this day into a fantastic one by doing my homework on my bed while watching a movie and eating a brownie sundae   smile  gotta love life 
"i know i should start my essay  i should really start it since i didn't even read the book entirely, and i only have 5 quotes  and since the essay is due friday  i don't have anything to inspire me, though! so maybe i'll just wait until thursday  i always find my best inspiration at midnight "
"i need help for an idea of a simple observational study i can do for stats  the best i came up with is counting how many girls wash their hands after using the restroom during like lunch  as enlightening as that would be, i would rather not do that  any suggestions?"
"i need a chiropractor appointment stat  my hips are pretty messed up at the moment  if you see me waddling, that's why, lol "
came up with a great thesis for my essay  i just need to reread the book to tag better quotes  sad 
"anyone want to do my homework and write my essay for me?  wink  i'd really appreciate it  oooh, or maybe cure my insomnia  in fact, i'd rather have that "
"burn notice has had, what, 3 or 4 seasons now? and it's the 7th rated show on cable  yet, i had no idea what it was about until today  does anyone else not know what it's about, or at least didn't?"
"sympathize with me here  it's the first week of school, i have a lab, a project, and an essay  another family is moving into my house  i am currently kneeling on the ground, typing my essay, because there's not enough room to fit a chair in at the moment  oh, and my stomach is currently rebelling against me  the weekend cannot come any sooner "
"homework  annoyed \ and sooooo much of it  ugh  so i probably won't be on for the rest of today, or tomorrow, because i'm pretty sure i'm babysitting from 3 to 9 "
"blech, not feeling too great  going to the movies, then going to do all of my homework  smile  haha  i'm not really sure what to do about that english thesis  sigh "
it's monday already? blech  not ready for school  at least it's lumberjack monday  wink 
i should probably stop eating my year-old pez that tastes kinda like perfume 
"in a funny mood  hm  oh, and my computer at my dad's house is in the garage, so i have to be really motivated to want to go on haha  and happy tmi tuesday everyone  wink "
"for 24 hours you can ask me 1 question [only in my inbox] i will answer\ it no matter what  you have my full honesty  i dare you to put this in \your status and see what people ask you   "
"sooooo tired  gonna enjoy some time alone, then do homework, then plan for this murder mystery thing i volunteered for  definitely text me, please!"
"i really don't want to go to my cabin  i would much rather be in a coma all weekend, because i am pretty sure that's the only way i can get some sleep "
i think i'm sick  annoyed \ cabin wasn't so much fun  at least i get to make up for it by babysitting and doing homework and getting ready for tomorrow  yay? i feel like i wasted my weekend 
my life is a <propfirst> hughes movie waiting to be made 
insomnia needs to go away  i'm not wearing any cover up today so everyone can see the incredible dark circles i have no way of getting rid of 
witty status that will make everybody that i feel like talking to comment 
 smile  today has to be a good day because i slept last night for the first time in three weeks  i am so happy  smile 
"where do i begin? hmmmmm  well, what a fantastically awkward thursday  smile "
kinda sorta confused?
maybe i should've done the in-class essay in class  hmmmmm 
"definitely writing a paper (book? essay? article?) on what the movies has taught me  what dirty dancing has taught me: when i find the right guy, i will run across the room and he will lift me and everyone will dance around us  it can happen "
"looooong day yesterday, with a happy ending  another long day ahead of me, but i'm excited  text me!"
ugh  fml much?
"made $120 this weekend   smile  unfortunately, this week is going to be a long one  and it's only sunday  sigh "
"i was reading the rules for this sweepstakes thing, and this is a line taken from the rules: \canadian winners will be required to correctly answer a mathematical \",d89a03d2a3bb74106bb6595ef52fdb57,"it's only sunday, and it's already a horrible week  i wish it was the weekend again, lol  oh well, maybe painting my nails and watching some 80s movie will help  if not, you texting me will!  wink "
"today is going to be swell, right?  smile  at least mercury is out of retrograde!"
"who has two thumbs and totally rocks at school? i do! i have aced both of my apush tests so far, and i aced my math test, and i am in like a bazillion clubs   smile  i am doing soooooo well "
thank you very much <propmale> meyer for totally making my day and making me smile like crazy  haha 
happy tmi tuesday! i have worn a see-through shirt all day  can that count as tmi? haha  wink 
"i'm all excited over nothing right now, haha  this week is pretty awful, but i'm still kinda happy and stuff  weird  first behind the wheel tomorrow (should've gotten that done months ago, haha)  ahhhh, just give me something good to look forward to, please "
"i really want to do something fun right now  any suggestions? oh, and first behind the wheel tonight!  smile "
"put my itunes on shuffle, and every little piece from the <propmale>'s dragon soundtrack came up  nothing could put a bigger smile on my face  just    ohmygoodness  smile "
something about fall puts me in a say anything mood  hmm 
"i'm surprised i haven't gotten sick, considering how often i undercook things, lol"
"essay  annoyed \ feel free to talk to me, lol"
revenues from a stupid youtube video i made? sign me up!
why the hell can't i give effective commentary in my essay? ughhh  sorry to whoever edits this 
"i kinda have a huge crush on <propmale> saunders  too bad he was my age in the 40s  oh, and he's fictional "
i should sleep so i can rest up for babysitting tomorrow  but    my bed is so far away from my computer   
i got home at 9 smile 0 last night   annoyed \ such an exhausting day! going to relax and <propfemale> out with <propmale>!  laugh 
don't distract me  i'm writing my essay 
"i don't know how to open my essay (seems like i should've done this a long time ago, but i do introductions last, lol)  i want to use a quote, but the only quote i like has an anonymous author, which doesn't seem right to use in an essay "
"<propfemale> whitman, i blame you for all that is bad in my life "
"has to do all of her homework this week, so probably no ultimate    again  will probably do something creative, though!  laugh "
witty status that makes everyone i want to talk to comment  (i'm getting a little lazy  haha)
"once i finish my homework, maybe some skype, i think i'll bake something  or paint my nails or something involving cutting out magazines  hmmmm "
so exhausted  annoyed \ i hate not sleeping  maybe i'll bring a blanket to school and just sleep in all my classes   
"how i'm spending the rest of the day: building a nest of pillows and blankets in bed, with my grilled cheese and top ramen, watching tv   smile  omg glee!"
lunch with <propfirst> zachow tomorrow! something to look forward to! maybe hanging out with <propmale> meyer? it would make for one incredibly awesome day  smile )
so so so bummed that my lunch plans fell through  sad  and my sweet tomatoes coupon e playful ires today! ugggh  gonna go dance it out   
"i sometimes wonder if <propfirst> hughes is bored in the after life and is directing my life as like his final work  and then i realize that if <propfirst> hughes was really directing my life, he wouldn't give me so much homework "
"i have decided on a halloween costume: <propmale> <propmale> will dress up as link, and i will dress up in all black with glow sticks on my head, and i will be naavi  hey! listen! lol"
"my beautiful bathroom is now complete!  smile ! and, i just bought a new skirt, and i will look so incredibly amazing tomorrow!  laugh ! so excited "
"everyone, go enjoy the day, because this is the only september 24th, 2010, that you have "
not a bad day  smile  hopefully tomorrow will be even better! if i can clean my room and get all of my homework done   smile  good good mood 
gonna make some <propmale> n cheese  smile  hopefully this box won't be nine years e playful ired   
uh-oh    i'm feeling like spending an obscene amount of money   
"is so crazy about <propmale> meyer  thanks for being like, the coolest boyfriend ever  glad we watched the office together  smile "
"short week for me  smile  exciteeeeeed  not excited for make-up work, though  gonna go pretend i studied for my history test  smile "
"did not get more than a minute of sleep last night  and there's a unite 4 life assembly  i actually got my mom to sign the form saying she doesn't want me to go, but i guess you had to turn it in friday  annoyed \ at least classes are shorter   "
"gonna do my history homework, think about going to ultimate, and probably avoid people  and try my best to get some sleep!"
wow  how quickly a surprisingly passive day can turn into an awful one   sad 
shiksa (girlfriend)   smile 
wish i got to spend more time with <propmale>  oh well  gonna suck it up and make an excursion to ikea or something 
may be the best girlfriend ever  smile !
see you all monday  smile  text me!
"loving newport beach  smile  had breakfast on the beach, now going to fashion island to do some much needed shopping! i hope i brought enough money! haha "
"going to do all of my homework in the car today    also, need to go to the mall this week, anyone care to join?"
home  smile  tengo que terminar mi tarea  hablenme por favor!
"gonna do my homework and pretend it's storming outside  feel free to participate, lol"
"i forgot how much i like \losing my religion\""  thanks glee  smile """
"even though we ain't got money, i'm so in love with you <propfemale>, and everything will bring a chain of love "
let's hope the rest of the day turns around  pleasepleaseplease?
 smile 
i guess it's a good thing i learned to swallow pills on monday 
"it feels like my brain is one of those toys you stick in water for three days and e playful and, but it's trying to e playful and beyond the limitations of my skull  so, can anyone help me come up with something to illustrate for my journal? i need some sort of idea, like home or love or something "
procrastination is an <propmale> form that shouldn't be rushed 
"i'm fairly sure this isn't an illustration, but whoever gets to grade my paper is in for a real treat  wink "
so it's official  i have the best boyfriend ever   smile 
wish i slept more    kinda nervous for ultimate today  i haven't gone to a practice all year (oops) and i definitely haven't worked out for a verrrrry long time  i'm predicting mucho pain for me these next three weeks  but you know what? it'll be worth it  smile 
had so much fun at <propfemale>'s party last night  smile  pictures will be up soon! going to <propfemale> out with the family today and fit in homework at some point  annoyed \
"really looking forward to sami coming over and baking brownies, cookies, and finishing with some ice cream  smile  yesssss"
"i don't feel so great, and i have a bunchhhhh of homework, and i guess i'm going to college planning night  hope i won't be too exhausted to go to the mall with <propmale> tomorrow!"
please help me get rid of this icky feeling plaguing me  annoyed \
"so tired of the indecisiveness! sure, that's hypocritical, but i have a pretty good reason for being indecisive  and hey, at least i have a reason! ( <propmale> meyer, yeah, this is kinda about you, haha  wink  )"
 smile  feeling so good 
"gonna watch some tv and eat a brownie cookie sundae after hanging out with <propmale>   smile  i don't know if you know this, but <propmale> is the best thing ever "
"i neeeeed to do all of my homework so i can go to casablanca tonight, but i also have a doctor appt  annoyed \ not enough hours in a day   "
casablanca  smile  i'm treating myself since i got two shots today 
 sad  i want a weekend to myself 
"i need to: go to the mall, do homework, go to the movies, and pumpkin patch  can i do it all?  annoyed \ i hope so!"
"i'm getting two pufferfish for my birthday  omgomgomg  i need to think of names for them  goodness, i am so excited "
thanks to everyone who sent me birthday wishes  smile  first voice lesson today  let's hope i can stay awake! lol
now how to end this essay?  annoyed \
" sad  not in a good mood  but, there's the fail-proof way to cure it: dancing  smile  haha "
"well  i guess i go to bed now? i really hope this weekend is a good one  starting it out with some pirates is a good sign, though "
planning on baking with lots of chocolate today  smile  i'm so excited!
baked with chocolate for like 6 hours straight  now i have to do homework so i can go to ikea tomorrow  sooooo exhausted!
and then they made me their chief 
"question, for the classification journals, do you have to use two of each of the things listed, or just two from the list? it may be a really stupid question, but just work with me "
"i'll blame this weird, pseudo-emo mood to catcher in the rye  thanks, holden, for passing onto me the loathing of goddamn phonies "
super bummed <propfirst> zachow can't make my party  sad  oh well  it'll still be a fun weekend 
"epiphany! but, it isn't fully realized yet  i have a large part, though, lol"
"might have to settle as dressing up as <propfirst> lohan in jail for halloween  unless i can find something more clever  on the bright side, <propmale>'s link costume looks pretty awesome  smile "
"mariotti gave me 190% on a test, guys! haha i guess i'll be a good person and let him know of his mistake   "
"oh, apparently limewire is illegal? need to find some way to download my music without  paying $1 for every song     annoyed \"
"cannot stop listening to chia-like, i shall grow  <propmale> bemis is the love of my life  love "
figured out my costume! i'm going to be the bp oil spill!  smile 
"alright, time to party  smile  can't wait  we got the slushee machine going, i just made brownies and rice krispies, and the chocolate fountain is ready! and when it gets dark    murder, murder!!"
exhausted  just spent like an hour fixing my computer  now gonna go see paranormal activity (hopefully) and then try to pull together a censored streaker costume 
okay  i am so upset i didn't see say anything  seriously considering flying out to see them somewhere this next week   annoyed \\\\\
"and even if your whisper eats my ear, your voice shall be the only song i long to hear  and even if you fear the end, our sacrament of salmon and <propfemale> beer will still be here "
"every time i read catcher in the rye, my heart breaks a little more "
"loooong day, and my tummy hurts, and it's going to be a long weekend, and i just need some rest, and i would really like to see <propmale>, because sunday is like ages away "
"getting sushi and dim sum, then dying my hair and playing apples to apples with some apple peach sparkling cider  smile  great night "
i like smelling like <propmale> 
"even though it's a three day week, and i have disneyland to look forward to wednesday night, i still can't bring myself to go to school   annoyed \"
i already did all of my homework    i guess i'll paint my nails melon of <propfirst> (i love opi haha) and do next week's homework while watching back to the future?
wtf glee? woahhhhh 
"hanging out with <propfirst> zachow today! also, this will probably be my last post until monday, because i'm leaving for disneyland tonight  smile  so excited!"
loving disneyland  smile  i'm so tempted to buy a <propmale> the frog hat  haha except i can't remember where i put my money   
ugh  really  can you stop being an asshole and stop pissing me off? i would really appreciate it 
"i'd walk through hell for you, let it burn right through my shoes, these soles are useless without you "
"so, like a month ago, i started voice lessons  and you know what? i love it   smile  i have a blast singing "
"oh man  i just screwed up those brownies like no other  what an embarrassment  also, can't find anything to wear tomorrow  ahhhhhh "
"one less <propfemale> to answer, one less egg to fry, one less man to pick up after, no more laughter, no more love "
"okay, i'll study for history, only because i didn't read the chapters, don't know some of the stuff, and i left my history book at my mom's house  and i only have a 92% "
"oh jesus christ  my cat jumped up on my chair behind me, her fur brushing the e playful osed skin on the small of my back, and a sudden chill came over me  i swear she is satan's messenger   annoyed \"
"oh yeah  no 1st, 2: biotech, 3: apush, 4: ap eng, 5 adv  theatre  smile  any classes?"
resist temptation   
"what a fine mess you've made yourself \also, i had to turn down a free ticket to the <propmale> potter premiere tonight because my dad doesn't want me to be tired for my finals tomorrow \too bad i'm an insomniac, and i'll be spending the night reciting all of the order of the phoenix in my head (because that's the only one i know by heart)"
<propfirst> gave the extra ticket to my brother  sad  i'm gonna cry 
i am done 
"i babysit at 3 smile 0, but i have nothing to do until then, or a ride  what in the world do i do?!"
oh boy do i need a break  babysitting for 6 hours is way too long!
"tomorrow better make up for these crappy past few weeks  or else  and yeah, that is a threat "
"getting my lady gaga tickets in the next couple of weeks  smile \sooooooo excited!"
"can't decide what to make today  brownies, of course (this time, with eggs,) but no idea what to make for lunch!"
"i finally got around to putting up all my photos   \ohhhhh boy "
bought two cute jackets to protect me from the 22 degree weather in utah  smile  i'm actually pretty excited  though i really prefer california  and all of you guys who live here 
"and i'm off for utah  please feel free to text me  smile  i can't wait to take lots of pictures of the snowy mountains, and cuddle up next to the fire with my family, maybe do some quilling, maybe play some super <propfirst> wii with my brother  wink "
"going to mess around with my hair and stuff, then going to urban outfitters with the family  smile "
"just bought so much amazing stuff! got the sweater, necklace, tights, and tanktop of my dreams, and the most amazing headband ever  now going to wii and have a much needed spa night  smile "
"can anyone guess what the high is going to be tomorrow? anyone guess 30? wrong  how about 20? nope! anyone guess 12? correct  i guess that's when i'll be doing my watercolors, playing just dance and zumba, and collecting the remaining <propfemale> coins in super <propfirst>  there is no way i can survive outside in that weather lol"
"in a weird mood today  i have some things to get done, but i don't know how to get it all done  i wish i had someone with me all the time who could just help guide me lol"
"i lost like 3 friends on facebook these last couple of days  oops, lol"
i love family photos  we are such characters  smile  i hope we use the ones where me and my mom are reindeer and <propmale> is the sleigh driver 
"happy thanksgiving  smile  thank you to everyone who has influenced my life  yes, even the people i don't like, and the people i do like, and the people i hardly even talk to anymore, because without you, i won't be where i am today  i hope everyone has a fantastic day  smile "
ra ra rasputin!  smile 
it's that time of night when my filter shuts off and i just begin to say whatever pops into my head  ohhhh boy 
"i wish i had some money so i could really take advantage of black friday  not like i really need anything, but you can never have enough dresses  or shoes  or anything else that might be on sale  smile "
excited to see <propmale> today  smile 
i am so madly in love with my boyfriend  smile  love 
shame on <propmale> <propmale> for making fun of me because i'm passionate  not everyone can be heartless like him 
you know what? homework just doesn't sound appealing right now  i think i'll dance around instead 
cannot wait for tomorrow  smile 
"i keep refreshing the advanced theatre workshop <propfemale>, even though i still have to wait another hour  hurry up!! lol"
i got it!  smile 
"so, i'm in a pretty loving mood  and right now, i don't think anyone can piss me off   smile  that's a pretty big deal  haha"
"so, for anyone searching for that perfect christmas present for me    there's a 15% off sale on the say anything merch site, for a limited time only! i love everything, but i already have the yellow shield shirt  smile  so, think about it "
city tomorrow with <propmale>? sounds like potentially the best day ever  smile 
thanks <propmale> meyer for a fantastic day  smile 
lousy mood  annoyed \ i just miss everything 
"hey  if you're reading this, you should really try to make my day, because today really feels like it's going to be lousy, and i'd rather it wasn't "
uh-oh  i'm feeling my old ways creeping back in  insomnia and procrastination together are as dangerous as pop rocks and coke 
"ah    i need something to do  annoyed \ i already cleaned, read, sang, finished homework, stirred a new jar of organic peanut butter, invited my brother to play a game, made fun of people on youtube, and procrastinated the rest of my homework  what now?"
"it seems that as my brother takes on adolescence, it is so much easier to hit a nerve with him  it's really so easy   smile  i have been waiting for the opportune moment to take my revenge, and it thankfully came before i moved out  there must be a god "
"i'm trying to research studies of procrastination, but you have to buy the articles! that's what you get for procrastinating your research for the last second "
 smile  pyzano's pizza for dinner  i must have been good this year  lol
"tomorrow will be amazing because <propmale> days are always the best days  oh, and i have voice tomorrow  smile "
i think i'm getting sick d:
sometimes i feel bad for some of the things that's happened  but i just gotta remember that it's all for the better 
"congratulations to <propfirst>- he just took his first video on his ipod, of us improvising \pee on me\"""""
does anyone want to see <propmale> bemis' solo show with me february 26?  smile  presale goes on today 
"i really hate this whole being sick thing  and i don't even know what it is, seeing as all i have is a sore throat, the occasional headache, and serious stomach pain, but i get all of those on their own quite often  so   ?"
"hm    what to do today? i really don't want to sit around the house all day, so if any of my fantastic, wonderful, amazing friends want to make plans with me    i would love it  smile "
going to make cookies that look like poker chips and watch season one of mad men  smile 
"omg  going through an old notebook of stuff i've written, and i found this piece of a story i was writing  it was a stalker's journal  brilliant  i can't believe i never finished it!"
getting a minor anxiety attack from all of these boundary violations  annoyed \ i wonder if this is how the us mexico border feels 
not in sf today 
"my cat is drooling all over my pants  thanks, elphaba "
"when the world slips you a <propfirst>, pet the furry wall "
"yeah, i miss dance "
"i think, this year, i'll get a menorah ornament for the christmas tree "
"to procrastinate my homework to the greatest extent i can, i just sang every song in my song book  twice  i am so lightheaded lol guess i can't do my homework yet  smile "
almost passed out today  notttt feeling too great  sad 
great day for katarina wagner and me  smile 
"tired  babysitting jt  smile  hopefully seeing <propmale>, then mock trial at 8 smile 0 in the morning  i don't even go to school that early "
watching little shop of horrors  smile  <propfemale>'s voice is my inspiration for chi-chi's lol 
a russian doll ornament will have to suffice  couldn't find any menorah ornaments anywhere  sad 
"i need something to do today  pleasepleaseplease give me a suggestion \i need"
does anyone want to go to the <propmale> bemis (from say anything) in sf on feb 26 with me?  smile  i don't want to go by myself!
"ice skating tomorrow  smile  i really need to get out of the house  i'm so excited  i was going to have a little lady gaga day tomorrow, but i think i'll have to postpone it  wink "
what in the world did i do to deserve this crazy in my life?
wants to sing a duet with someone to break up the monotony of the bland stuff i've been singing  yes?
"gonna go tour nif, then going to make a video, then research at the library  smile  going to keep myself so busy, i won't have time to worry about drama "
" smile  just made a video of me singing that i actually really like  my voice cracked once, but it actually isn't that bad! ahhh, i'm so happy  smile "
so  in the mood to see social network (again) and or black swan sometime this week  anyone want to be my date?  laugh 
i haven't eaten anything all day because nothing sounds good    but i need something to give me energy so i can go walk to strizzis  hmmm 
happy christmas <propfemale> in the bean-owen household  smile 
"i feel like calling random people and leaving <propfirst>'s mom's voicemail  smile  \that was a very loud beep   \"""""
i shouldn't be sad during christmas time 
i need something to do besides a mad men marathon and drawing too many pictures from the little mermaid because that's what i've been doing all week  anyone want to call me and help me plan a poker tournament for thursday?
"what did i do today? watched mad men, because it turns out i accidentally started watching season 3 and skipped season 2, which e playful lains why i was so confused! i also cleaned my room and organized my magazines  i'm still in my pjs and glasses  this day will never get started lol"
"i have to figure out when i can do poker night at my house this week, because i'm not sure thursday will work out  hmmm   "
"i have bye, bye, <propfemale> stuck in my head   "
poker night at my house  smile  maybe i'll even make some cookies or brownies for the occasion 
it is such a great day  smile 
today is the day  smile  really looking forward to getting my license!!
i passed!!!  smile 
excited to ring in the new year in <propfemale> <propfirst> with my best friend  smile  i'm really hoping that all of the crazy of 2010 will stay in 2010 
watching eclipse with an unstoppable bloody nose 
"every kid's dream: to stay home on the first day back to school from vacation  unfortunately, this time, i'm really really sick "
"finally got out of bed to eat  every time i move, my head threatens to e playful lode   sad "
"i want to feel better, but i don't want to go back to school  what a dilemma "
"i hate driving by myself because it only reminds me how alone i am in life, and how i'm driving myself away from everyone i love  my psyche is strange "
 annoyed \ how am i supposed to sing  get in character when i'm so sick?
"it's hard to decide who i love more, <propfirst> <propmale>, or <propmale> <propmale>  or stalin "
"should've gone to voice, but i'm way to sick to sing lol i need something else to do to keep me busy today "
"if someone is bored enough to make me a  gif of <propmale> from modern family shooting <propfemale> with his water gun, i will be forever indebted to them!"
"watching scooby doo  the best part of the whole movie? either mary-jane being shaggy's favorite name, or <propfirst> doo "
i am so freaking excited for today  smile  it's going to be such a great day!
i don't want to be home the rest of the night  annoyed \
"i don't want to do homework, but <propmale> ruined my procrastination  i'm not even sure what i have to do    lol"
can't go to the <propmale> bemis concert because it's closing night of our play 
awful night  annoyed \ just    ugh 
my mom just told me to google <propfemale> hendricks' playboy photos  lol!
"i told my mom i want to go to kohl's    and she reminded me that i have my own license, i can go whenever i want  then my brother said i'm a fail teenager "
i love <propfirst> burnett 
it's so hard to have faith in human relationships when you're surrounded by all the ways they can fail 
<propfirst> eisenberg and <propfirst> <propmale> are def my current crushes  and will be for a while 
what the- another pair of jeans with a huge hole in them 
"i've spent my entire afternoon acting out <propfemale>'s lament from guys and dolls and basically any miss hannigan scene from <propfemale>  but, i suppose it's time to do homework now  sad "
found some great monologues for the contest in drama club  smile 
going to bed early so i can make it to first period and write a kickin' argument and donate blood  yeeeeeah!
just want to say thank you to everyone who have been so nice to me lately   smile  it's really making my week 
the awkward moment when <propfemale> barges in on you and your guitar 
"exhausted  and stressed  i have so much to do, but no will to do it! ps, i don't have to babysit tomorrow, and i have a car, so who wants to do stuff?"
that awkward moment when you dress up like a glorified prostitute for drama then realize you have to walk downtown looking like that 
going to see titanic the musical tonight in newark at 8 pm! anyone care to join?
now i have no reason at all to be upset for like the entire week   smile  thank you 
"okay, i really don't want to drive to newark by myself  does anyone want to go see titanic with me? pleassssse?"
sucks at defrosting a car 
there's nothing like whining about your problems to make you realize you really don't have many 
ouch  using my own morals against me  that's a tough one lol
"mommy doesn't want to dye my hair for me, so i guess i'll have to try doing it solo  yikes!"
"i honestly have nothing else to do besides homework, so i'm doing all of this history work that i don't even have to do  wow "
so exhausted  but still the happiest girl in the world 
<propmale> waits' voice makes me melt 
can i have <propfirst> eisenberg's babies please?
"so exhausted  i really need to sleep  but i'm so busy today, i won't be able to take a nap, or even go to bed before midnight   annoyed \ gonna be a long week "
note to future boyfriends: our song will either be a walk through hell by say anything or <propfemale> by guns n roses  plan accordingly 
thinking of who my doppelganger is    maybe i'll just stick with <propfirst> tisdale for this week 
"i am so excited for my research paper  i'm basically e playful laining how facebook causes college students to procrastinate  like i need research to tell me that, haha "
i need a cure for anxiety  i'm going to get like an ulcer or something before i even get into college  pretty sure i'm getting gray hair 
just finished with my outline and drawing of the timeline  i just need to do the write-up part and study for the biotech midterm  where is my calculator   ?
"and since i can't find a really good doppelganger, i guess i'm going with <propfemale> <propfirst> "
"stress can breed a psychopath  you're all that calms me down  i forget that i'm a mess when you're around  please can you be home tonight, say its not over yet "
"i'm going to bed at 7 tonight with a shot of nyquil so that i can sleep, with absolutely no interruptions  this insomnia thing is getting out of hand "
"so with a thousand sweet kisses, i'll cover you "
so hungry  debating whether or not to e playful eriment with brownie recipes  i'm thinking a caramel peanut butter brownie swirl  or something valentines day themed 
"school is starting to require more work on my part; however, i am completely lacking the motivation to do anything  what do i do?  annoyed \"
i guess i should go to bed so i can wake up early to take the biotech midterm i missed on monday  school needs to get more fun like now 
"<propfemale>, so anyone who wants to go bowling from 9-11 tomorrow let me know by 5 pm tomorrow so i know how many lanes to reserve!"
what is sleep?
"excited to go bowling tonight with people  smile  it's gonna be loads of fun, even if i suck so much lol"
"voice, then painting the lovely theatre  smile "
i need to skype more people 
lost my photo id    i just shouldn't be trusted with anything  going to be an interesting week   
found my chi-chi dress  smile  so excited to show everyone tomorrow!
got my first grown-up job today  smile 
"i have \my junk\"" stuck in my head   """
well  looks like <propfemale> tripp and i are screwed tomorrow 
"goodness, when do i get a break? i have so much to do!"
"now i have \the bitch of living\"" stuck in my head  rofl """
"do not talk to me until this trimester is over, or else i might strangle you  i wish i was joking, but i'm not "
"and while i nearly passed out at 5 smile 0, i can't seem to go to sleep now  funny how that works "
really hating this research paper right now 
first night on the job  wish me luck!!
i like strizzis  smile 
hypnophobia- fear of sleep
"just wasted 2 hours of my life in the worst movie ever haha  now i have to do a butt load of homework before i go to work, and hopefully finish everything when i get home "
only on <propfemale> 3 of my research paper    and i'm running out of things to talk about? what?
so i'm totally done with my research paper    but it's only 4 pages long  uh  help!
"i have you all beat  i'm working on my research paper    about procrastination  it is 10:44 pm the night before it's due, and i am not even halfway done, and i still have loads of homework to due  and i'm going to be at school for about 12 hours straight tomorrow  bring it on!"
"cuss this  i'm turning in a 4 <propfemale> essay  i'd rather have 4 <propfemale>s of pretty good stuff than 4 <propfemale>s of pretty good stuff, with another 4 <propfemale>s of total bs'd crap "
"just found an article titled \validating human-robot interaction schemes in multitasking environments\""  just thought i'd share that """
i'm tired  i at least got my paper to be 5 pages  i don't want to do anything but sleep  ugh  see you all in a monthhhh
"yeah, that whole \don't talk to me till the end of the trimester\"" thing is still in effect  even more so today """
iodgfnerafwefg i'm dead 
i'm in the mood to go to yosemite and hike that mist trail  anyone care to join?
"the best part of my night? mr  frye reciting the godfather, complete with the voice and everything  i died "
"come see my son is crazy, but promising tomorrow at 7 pm at the little theater at granada!  smile  it's hilarious  guaranteed you will be laughing "
"awful  awful night  i don't really want to do this play anymore  i mean, i still will, but i just am done "
"opening night tonight  smile  be sure to see my son is crazy    but promising tonight at 7pm in the little theatre at granada!  smile  break a leg, everyone!"
"hey, all friends and drama kids    party at my house after the show? yes? and i'm thinking improv earlier before the show, i bring pizza?"
improv for msicbp cast before the show (just whenever you get to the theatre until watts gets there) and then come see my son is crazy    but promising tonight at 7! it's a great show!
"omgomgomg guys, my vintage black crepe dress fits me now  i can't wear a bra with it, but it zips up all the way now! gonna go do my happy dance now!"
"mom woke me up early to go out to breakfast  not even hungry, but whatever lol  as soon as i get home, i am going back to bed!  smile "
ugh   annoyed \
"ugh  i don't really want to care about anything anymore  it's so much easier to just become apathetic and let things roll off me  unfortunately, though, i was born with an amazing depth for passion, so apathy is not really possible "
"to everyone in msicbp: we're going out for donuts at the donut wheel after the show!  smile  let me know if you need a ride, and we can arrange something"
 smile  man  i almost don't want tomorrow to come  it'll mean the end!  annoyed \
"last night for my son is crazy    but promising! tonight at 7 pm at granada high's little theatre! $5 with asb, $7 without, and to the cast, pie at <propfemale>'s after!"
"i can't believe i cried in front of so many people tonight    man, i'm going to miss all of you guys  i love you so much, and i don't want to think about performing without you  shoot, i'm crying just typing this!!"
"i missed <propmale> bemis last night  sad  but, it was so worth it  i had such a fantastic time with my family  i refuse to believe we will never improv backstage again! can't wait to see you all again on monday  wink "
"oh, i had another communist revolution dream again last night  i haven't had one of those for such a long time! this one was the most believable, though  oh, and during a revolution celebration, they got green day to play in front of the bankhead    whaaat? lol"
there are too many careless people in the world 
"3 more chapters of history, 20 more dates for the timeline, and 5 more chapters of biotech  it's 4 pm  can i do it?"
couldn't sleep  annoyed \ i kept like waking up and looking at the clock and counting down how many more hours i had to try to sleep  something just isn't right with me lol 
thank god this trimester is over  i did actually dance a little as the <propfemale> rang lol  but my stress feels even worse  annoyed \
such a successful shopping day  now i'm gonna ceilidh at ceilidh's  smile  i love cast parties!!  love 
why 
"getting my iphone today!     after i clean my room \\so really, i'll be getting my iphone in a week  wink "
just got my iphone  smile  need new pictures and ringtones though 
"do not talk to me this trimester either until i get drama 3 added to my schedule, okay? honestly, i am so freaking pissed at the administration right now kfjgkrgnkejgn just give me my drama "
omg i got into drama i am so excited you don't even know!!!
"if i get <propfemale> in the play, every single one of you reading this status has to see me, you hear?"
ended with an 88% in both of my aps  ughhhhhhh kill me why did they do this to me?
i have an hollow pit in my stomach   annoyed \ sigh 
"only time will tell if getting into drama was worth having a 1st period    well, here goes day one!"
tsunami warning? good day to live in the valley  my thoughts go to all those in japan!
"watching tv with my mom, and we see an ad for a rehab, and my mom tells me, \that's where we're sending you when you get your drinking problem \""    when?!"""
"    watts was going to post the cast list tonight, yes?"
i haven't been able to hear out of my left ear since like monday or tuesday  maybe that's bad?
"go to www gaschoolstore com, use id 2154060"
i guess watts isn't posting the cast list tonight? i'm confused 
stage manager! better start learning lines now    oh boy  wink 
congrats to everyone in our town--so excited to work with you guys!  smile 
"my daddy sent me a text saying \happy testing!\"" isn't that a little contradictory?"""
"i'm not bad, i'm just drawn that way "
so excited to wear my new dress tomorrow 
www gaschoolstore com id# 2154060 -- support our theatre! check it out!
> sad  i just want to play sims  but someone hid my disc  they will pay dearly 
"need help choosing a disney song to sing for voice  colors of the wind, god help the outcasts, part of your world, or when she loved me?"
lady gaga!
<propfemale> <propfirst>?  sad 
"seems suiting, to end a weird day with a weird night "
what in the world is going on with my life 
oh dear lord i am sore alllllllllllllllllllll over  but at least my cookies taste freaking amazing 
please let tomorrow be a good day  i can't stand this anymore 
"i love it when your friends are there for you, and they don't even realize how much you need them  love "
"i can't believe this time next week, i'll be heading over to hawaii!  smile  so excited! on a different note, my subconscious is getting pretty incentive with its nightmares lol"
thank you <propfemale> glass for being the voice of reason when i'm hysterical   smile 
"man  rehearsing act three is going to be draining  i don't know why, but the whole thing just breaks my heart  i know i'm not a ghost or <propfemale> or even one of the family members, but hearing the whole thing just kills me "
"give me something to do  nothing productive has happened today, and i can't possibly go to bed knowing that!"
i really need to party with my best friend <propfemale> <propmale> and paint our nails and recite clueless from memory! need to forget about this week!
"1980 on my sats! that's good, right?"
only true friends would download the sims 2 disk 4 from the internet and burn it to a disc for their technologically impaired friend  thank you so much!!
"fgnjheakfhasijvn i have the sims 2, but now i can't find my e playful ansion packs  somebody shoot me now "
"holy akwfhkdfjvgneuiarfh little shop of horror auditions?!?! omg, everyone knows i can do the <propfemale> voice  i just wish i was a little older, so i could do it    because no one would cast a 16 yr old as <propfemale> in a professional theatre lol  ohhh well "
leaving for hawaii bright and early  smile  text me!
can someone invent teleportation already? the time traveling between places sucks  at least a 5 hour plane ride is better than that 13 hour car ride i've done    but still 
i'm in a communist and say anything kind of mood  what a combination 
lmao guys what if i did over the <propfemale> for the dramatic reading of songs contest?
reading my stage manager lines from our town with my chi-chi vazoom voice  what is wrong with me  i get entertainment from this?
i finally figured out what is wrong with today: i didn't have a smart water 
"they told me going to the park at night would be fun  turns out you can't see frisbees at night  so, now i have a fat, split lip  sigh "
