ac8e60b1ffdfa6f34e824de3396446bd
hyped up on coffeeeeeeeeeee!
so nice to not have to get up and go anywhere!!!!
my last days of freedom!
"ok, so i was just about to do something important and i forgot what it was!"
first day back at work!-i'm tired-but excited!
can't wait to see my grams tomorrow!
enjoying one relaxed evening with the hubbs
i am so freakin exhausted! can't wait for saturday to come!
nerd time!
trying to hold on to hope  
"\grammy\"" bloomed another orchid flower! which made my heart a bit lighter  thanks gram-gram!"""
"in lovin memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ( 93% wont copy and paste this, will you?) yes i will !!!"
"we got our apartment!!!!!!!!!!!yay, so excited!"
for sale: m a b e f m 08 italian <propmale> easel-brand new in box! $150 also 6 canvas' sizes 22x28-24x36 all $15 ea  ask me for more details!!!
yesssssss! so ready for the vacation!
treasure island dance was a hit! im poofed!
rvd! rvd! rvd!
watchn the police concert w the hubs!
"clippin' coupons! yep, yep!"
i am absolutely blessed to have the best mother'n' law!
so proud of my east union graduates!
yes! vacation!
on our way to disneyland!
hangin out disney style  having lunch in new orleans square!
disneyland was a blast but im so glad to be hm!
first week back at work--summer school--and getting ready for fall semester @mjc   hopefully i get the math teacher i want!!!!!
bored~watching last of the mohicans~ missing my hubby 
listenin to mah hubby on the drums* regist  for classes too   yay school!
"action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error,\change - this is the rhythm of living  out of our over-confidence,\fear; out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope  and out of hope,\progress "
has anyone seen toy story 3 yet???
i really dont like full moons 
glad there is air cond  in the world!
i dnt like mondays!
my chubb got nubbd! im brusing! whaaa!
tomorrow will be a better day~ i miss my hubby!
vacation!!!!! but i miss my gals already!
<propmale> vallejo paints the best bodies!
im still standin'    yeahyeahyeah!
runnin around today with my hubby!
my hubby is my bestest friend!!! i wuv him!
watchin' the ocean's movies!
totally nostalgic!
"watching \jackie brown\""!"""
missing my grammy 
"whew! playin diner dash-flo on the go, really kills time!"
diner dash+ level 18= evil!
"we have all been \placed on this earth to discover our own path, and we will never be \happy if we live someone else's idea of life - <propfirst> <propfirst> praagh"
cant wait for a date with my hubby tomorrow!
"wow, i am amazed that i got my books today when i ordered them barely on monday! i would highly recommend collegebookrenter com"
goin' to back 2 school nite! yay!!
going to workout! so excited!
just another 8 more hrs till i see my hubby   its been a busy week! tgif!
i had a ladybug <propfemale> out w me in my car on the way hm from wk   then landed on my shoulder into our apt  took her forever to go free! good luck?    i really think so!
"home, finally!"
missin' my hubby   
"finished the essay, time for sleep!!"
go e u  lancers!!!
east union won! and club bridge cotton <propfemale> sales went great! so exhausted and sticky from spinning cotton <propfemale>   
makin' some bomb chicken soup! yumm! and watchin' tropic thunda with the hubby!
chillin' with my snookums tonite!!!! yay!
"hmm, antique sewing machines are sooooo much fun! must have patience   "
sick as a dog   ugh 
on our way to sell some cotton <propfemale>! go e u !!
chilling with the in laws and playin need 4 speed!
"looking forward to spending the weekend doing nothing, but i know it wont end up that way "
"special\ needs kids aren't sick or gross or weird  they only want what we all \want  to be accepted  can i make a request?? is anyone willing to post \this and leave it on their status for at least an hour  it is special \education week and this is in honor of those who have children with \special needs and those who work with children with special needs  \gladly posting this, kids, parents and teachers are awesome!"
"i cnt even feel my nose, i'm so cold! i love it!"
the dance @ escalon h s  was fun   but my head and ears are ringing! the music seemed waaaay too loud!
"okay, seriously; what's up with almost everyone putting up cartoons for their picture? did i miss the memo or something? lol"
"watchin in living color really takes me back, lmao"
"goin 2 west valley today, happy friday!"
"got back from millbrae, off to the stores!"
is it friday yet? feels like friday   
"watchin my fav pacino movie, dog day afternoon"
off to the gym! gonna get my hair cut today with my suegra!! soooo excited!
"ahhh, getting a much needed pedi!"
"playin army of two with the hubby, yay!!"
"ugh, last day of vacation  did a test run of my alarm make sure i can still get up @ 5  gonna <propfemale> out at the quiet mall in <propfirst> today"
this is going to be wierd! going to e u  meet to watch my <propfemale> mater wrestling team  sorry e u     go <propfemale>! most importantly  go lil bro!
"they say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but you will always love them     re-post if you are blessed to have at least 1 of these friends in your life "
purchasing textbooks is overrated 
let's see how this semester goes! full-time status! eek!
"unfortunately, education is not a service; neither is it a product   it is what each one of us intellectually creates based on guidance that comes from reading, researching, and listening   when the mind is blinded because of a bloated ego, then no education can happen as there is no mulling over ideas even for a refutation   hence, humility is one of the most important elements of education -unknown"
"had sooo much fun with the fam-bam last nite, today, tired, and need caffeine! doing hw all day! thank goodness i have tomorrow off!"
mock-yaah-ing-yaah-bird-yaah-yeah-yaah!
waiting for my better half to get home!
movie night!!!
anyways    
gettin my hair cut today!
i love it when friends make my day! yippie!
"my head is in a fog  i tripped and almost fell into traffic, thankfully one of my students pulled me back in!"
"just enjoyed a nice walk with a friend, now im off to curves  hope everyone has a great weekend, enjoy the weather while it lasts!"
i am so livid with my doctor  can she even understand 2+2=4 ? i wonder how some people get through life being ignorant  this is why i'm going to be an rn; 'cause we know our stuff 
"despite my weakness today, my mind is in one place  it's been a year today, that my heart was broken and when my world shattered  we miss you so much grammy; may you continue to live on through our memories and in our hearts, may you inspire our lives everyday with the talent and <propmale> character that you so strongly possessed  rest in peace <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>"
i love 3 day weekends!
"haha, just finished packing my christmas things away!   and its february! lol"
another fabulous weekend of laundry and homework  be very jealous   
i am such a nutella addict 
good morning all! its gonna be a beautiful day!!!!!!!!!
ohhh goodness!
"i love how when you think a situation can't get any worse, and it actually gets better for a change!!!! happy friday, and have a great weekend! i hope the weather stays clear for everyone!"
marathon of riggs and murtaugh today   lol
"\good morning vietnam!!!!\"""""
"okay, seriously  it feels like my front door could bend in from the wind any minute now     i'm gonna go hide under the blankets!"
what an exhausting day! time to chill out with some vino!
so   i totally ate it today walking to my car from work    walked down a cement slope and slipped cause the rain made it really slick  i never knew i could do the splits   it was hilarious 
banana
gonna go return some books at the library!  hopfully i don't fly away with the wind!
any gals know about a good facial scrub?? i'm not really sure which to choose?
