bf32d8c778340c951d27491d6b399a50
missing my dezzie!
some say the end is near  followed by meteor showers and tidal waves
i still miss my dezie baby
=[  heart-broken 
hearts racing really fast  so confused  this is some fukd up shit
"i look into the midnight sky, i dream and wish that i could fly, i would come to your aid and take you away, from all the evil and wicked ways, for you my love will never change , i breath the night air and look to sky,  i know you see the same stars as i, your mind is more beautiful than the most exotic creature your physic is so grand that it makes me speachless"
shadows cannot hold hands
i metal my self to sleep while the thorns make me bleed  i sleep with a riddled bed of glass just to hope that it will cut me fast
my brains need to come outa my head
i wanna be left alone but i dont wanna be alone
pagan <propfemale> burns thru my blood in traverse effects of gold light i rise towards the sacred being of the so called kingdom of the ________
ne escape no escape no escape
hahaha there was no heart to break in the first place
fuk
sometimes im ashamed to be human
looking for anyone with musical talent and plays death metal!!!! damn i miss my band in nashville
scattered remains shattered brains
on th ground lies an angel with skin so pale and on her face an image of pain
i wanna do some mma dude!!!!
"poke me if you've ever had a crush on me! like this status if you think i'm agood friend  message me if you've ever wanted to date me and comment ifwe have had any good memories together  now, let's see who's braveenough to copy and paste this as their status & respond to mine "
dude you <propfemale>     
no love lost 
your a loser and a freak hahahaha
bored out my mind just got done working on a song  finally finished and got it in order
i love s o s
well i got this girl she is really really special to me  and she noes who she is i wuvz yuz !!!!!!
whats on my mind? lmao she is on my mind hehe
you are always on my mind!!!!!
uuuuuuggggggghhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!
 sad   sad   sad   sad  screw it
im sooooooooo in love wit you  smile   smile   playful  hehe
i just need my girl to calm me down  sad   i love you so much baby
what a fuckin mornin  i love you baby!
i got a head ache  sad  love you bb  smile 
blah
i get to see my girl today!! yay i love you so so muchm xoxoxoxoxoxox!
she wasnt the on for me obviously
well everything better now wow so confusing
deffinition: burzum- the act of simplicity meeting the genius status of total mind blowing doom!
 sad 
you could say im doing great but thats just an assumption
so lonely
confused of wat to do with you 
im going to play my heart out  no longer will she have it  because she no longer wants it   smile  famous word= im so happy cause today i found my friends in my head
just woke up! rough nite but fun   smile  peace
take pretest today  wish me luck   smile 
m i a  112310
only a few things in this world can make me happy and she just did it
if you could only see
"and the worm, they entered his brain"
like <propfemale> cline said im crazy for lovin you
really tired kinda down  but anyways love you
why are humans so habitual  crazy
going to bed really drained  lol i mean really drained 
i gave blood today  smile  lol yay
<propfemale> tears 
i love you
how do i tell her what i really want to say  how how how
? what?
good night love you
all i can say is i try 
goin to bed  good night peeps love you my love =0
just woke up slept way to late x x
imprisoned inside this mind hiding behind empty smiles
"and i feel this all too slow\and i’ve been here for so long\and i feel so empty\as you walk away"
well i have no clue what this is about  just give her it wat ill do 
what do you do when your world is turned upside down  hide your face your emotions your fears or show them all  pretty <propfemale>n you wont have them anymore  never have feelings again  pretty <propfemale> youll be dead
look wat i can do
hahahahahahahahahahaha i got peeps
"and i feel this all too slow\and i’ve been here for so long\and i feel so empty\as you walk away"
ice cream!!!!!!!!
lonely once again
going to bed  ilove you
yeah for real going to bed this time to tired for this crap  love you baby
baby come back     you can blame it all on me lol jkjk
lol you and butter cups  lol you cwazy
well guess i been forgotten oh well
breakdown  sad  ugh why
slit wrist savior
oh well ill just forget about her too
once again i lay in this bed of bad memories only to cry myself to sleep and dream of pure terror 
well       
gather all your possesions smile cause you got it all
livin on love!
my darlin i  love you so so much
well i got this girl you see and she makes me feel in the only way words just cannot e playful lain 
woke up this morning with a smile on my face  your so woderful  smile 
well i gotta go to school  i love her
just love how you dont answer  oh well lol love ya
made tea but spilt it everywhere  random fact  hot tea hurtz
eh she talked me into it  gonna write a song
i love my girlfriend   love 
i hate having to put people on my black list but whats gotta be done is done
missin my girl  i really wanna talk to her   sad 
i  love  <propfemale>  my one and only  foreverz  smile  hehe
i got my girl a present for christmas  haha!!!! love you
well i wiated and waited  kinda gettin tired of this shit  but oh well 
bored
well im going to sleep  love you sweety
im freakin out  just wole up and already upset  wth
guess she got busy love you
oh its snowing hard !!!!!! ima pee in it if it stick hahahha
my girlfriend is so amazing  i love her so oh so much  love 
 sad 
well night night everyone love you hunny
had the most amazing past  5 days  ilove u
uuuuugggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh           
you can have my universe  cause my world for you is not enough for me to show you i lovez you you can have my heart cause my words dont mean a thing
i cant sleep at all  i need you
"this is my last serenade\i feel you as you fall away\this is my last serenade\from yourself you can't run away"
guess im not good enough for you 
just gonna keep to myself i dont need u no more  bye
