455ba698be14cbb51f7a04c4a0eeba2c
is back home now  woooooooo tomorrow lingling 
"  if there's grass on the playing field, play ball  if not, flip 'em over and play in the mudd  gross "
now knows jupiter isn't in the solar system  <propfemale> is so smart 
is breaking the hearts that wouldn't bend 
is closing the doors you use to listen through 
is blah
"is watching <propmale>, <propmale>d n <propmale>dy  wooooooo"
"the safety for toxic chemical loaded munition is: must observe from 400 meters away, and clear a 2000ft downwind space "
"just got nervous about going to uxo tech 1 school in september  it's only a month long, but it's in texas, so i'll be far from home   sad "
salam  chitori?
hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola
is going to redecorate her sitting room  maybe tuesday  sweet 
"saw that titanic was on tv, so she turned it to the channel  but come to find out, it was the spanish channel and the movie was voiced over in spanish  so i ended up going to walmart to buy it, because i really really wanted to watch it  so i'm watching t"
"shouldn't have watched titanic  i miss my husband now  oh well, he just left today and he'll be back wednesday  i'll get over it "
"just cleaned the house  found out i might already have a uxo job lined up  wooooo  keep your fingers crossed for me  now, i'm off to study the color-coded marks on bombs and what they mean "
just picked up an icecream birthday cake for her husband   smile 
"when i tell you to dump a body in the marsh, you dump him in the marsh  not where some guy from <propfirst> hancock goes every thursday to get a fuckin blow job "
played beer pong with kazakhstan diplomats last night 
sucked at darts last night and she doesn't know why   sad 
"will fight, but not out of spite  because someone must stand up for what's right "
loves her neighbors  i swear my neighborhood is better than spooner st   smile 
wants to go to the <propfemale>  and she wants a <propfirst> sentria vacuum please  thank you 
life is so much bigger than you are  get over it 
<propfirst> winslow is trying to arrest his brother!!! oh noooo  i'm watching family matters 
thinks that ship has too many seamen on it's poopdeck 
thinks her husband is the sweetest man in the world    when he wants to be 
is going camping today on the mountains   sad 
is in the den practicing her darts 
"is once again, going to practice her darts  kiss kiss!"
really wants a black sheep on farmville  hook me up please 
is heaving ships to sail away 
's dog is in heat  guess who's going to be changing doggy diapers for 5 days?
is getting really really excited  9 more days!!
is watch your mouth; because you're slurring your words enough that you might just swallow your tounge 
can kill a yak from 200 yards away with mind bullets 
"is leaving for college station, texas in 11 hours  wish me luckkkkkkkkkkkkk "
is leaving for uxo tech 1 school   smile 
drove 12 hours today  i'm now resting in sonora texas for the night at a best western  only 5 hours and 17 minutes to go tomorrow until i get to my apartment! wooooo 
"is at her apartment in texas  it's nice! 24 hour fitness center, huge pool, 24 hour game room and 24 hour computer lab w  study rooms  and it has a lounge area  it's awesome! but i'm missing my husband and friends back home in ariiiiiiizonaaaa "
can't get ahold of any one to tell me when the damn hazwoper is tomorrow  i'm getting really mad 
is looking forward to uxo class tomorrow      
"had her first day of uxo today    so stressful!!! just got home from the gym, about to take a shower then study study study, then maybe dinner "
"has learned how to properly identify (and all the id features) of: hand grenades, rifle grenades, projected grenades, all submunitions, all landmines (at, apers, miznay-shardin, ect) and all projectiles  i can also correctly identify all fuze types, and how they work  and i can give you the safeties for everything i just said  oh an 96 on my first test, woo wooo  (this is only the first week, 3 more to go)"
is study study study 
made a 96 on her odinance id test   smile 
"ignited her first time fuze today with a pull-friction ignitiator  fun fun fun  smile  demo, here i come "
blew shit up today and yesterday   smile  made a 100 on my non-electric detonation procedure test  electric procedure test on friday  that one's going to be tricky 
passed her final with a 100 (which means a 96 8 overall average) and won the lottery in one day  sweet 
"quotes \the only true wisdom is knowing you know nothing\"""""
"is i need a job  well, it's back to the street corner for me   smile "
"is gone to do her 4 mile walk  i'll end up doing it again tonight  8 <propmale> in one day, sweet "
is bored and wishes she had friends within 400 <propmale> of her 
"got yelled at because it's a steer, not a cow  because that's a very important piece of knowledge "
is going to cabella's then to the range to shoot her glock and m-4 
is finally going to the range to shoot 
is going on her 4 mile walk 
needs more lottery tickets 
got second place in the texas hold 'em game last night  woo hoo 
always developes stomach problems when she hosts dinner parties and doesn't know why  it's really starting to get annoying 
says the couch is looking more and more comfy as the night goes by 
is going to texas on tuesday 
would divorce her husband for a <propmale> with <propfemale> wilde 
nous allons trouver une solution
mais d'autre part personne cherche une solution
is in a big texas hold'em game tonight  wish me luck 
got 3rd out of 8  not bad 
"is still pissed she lost her two 2's with an ace high, to two 9's  only had like 3 dollars in chips, so i went all in  shouldn't have listened to anyone "
got 2nd out of 10 tonight in texas hold'em  only time i bought in was the initial buy in  and i profited 9 dollars all together  tonight was a good night 
is about to do some <propmale> house cleaning 
"has a job in south <propfemale> in november  uxo, here i come!!!!"
"will keep her guns, freedom and money  you can keep the \change\"" """
"is headed to lompoc california for a few days, and i'm going to monterey to see what all the fuss is about "
is go phillies  i'm also not looking forward to the drive through la tomorrow  way too much traffic 
6 - 1 for game 1? hell yeah 
is taking children trick-or-treating tonight with neigbors 
got 3 aces in 2 different hands tonight  got to love hold'em 
has a long list of cleaning tomorrow and i can't wait   smile 
has to draw you     
"haha, propane "
"is packing for cali  i'll be living 15 minutes from the ocean, who's complaining?!"
spent yesterday walking on uninhabited beaches with not another person in site  so beautiful here 
it was way too cold to go to the beach today 
had a fun time at the beach today 
rescued a seagull-type bird at the beach yesterday with some friends  it had a completely broken wing and kept biting the aussie 
is watching a documentary on jfk 
doesn't believe in signs anymore 
who's soulja boi?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!!?!??
has been married a year today  49 to go 
just watched a missle launch from less than a mile away  sooo loud 
is thinking about going to buy the sims 3 today 
my back is effing killing me 
"is thankful she changed from tmobile 2 weeks ago, because i guess it went down today in alabama  ha!!!"
will officially be in huntsville the night of the 30th  so new years <propfemale>  is there anywhere i should attend for this occasion?
"ding fries are done, ding fries are done "
9 more days ville  and my poor little <propfirst> is sick  sad  she was snoring all night and running a fever  my poor baby 
think some people are just so damn stupid 
"did i say that i need you? did i say that i want you? if i did, i'm a fool "
"is all that we see or seem, but a dream within a dream?"
ugh  things i'm doing in order: packing apartment; driving 8 hours home to phoenix; leaving christmas night for a 22 hour drive to st  <propfirst>; 7 hour drive to huntsville on the 30th; 7 hour drive to columbia s c  on the 4th 
is staying up late so i can sleep in late so i can stay up late tomorrow night while we're driving  wooooo  i'm fucking starving 
"my plan to sleep in late didn't work to well  i'm getting everything ready for the 22 hour drive today  leaving in maybe 2 hours  oh yeah, <propfemale> christmas and what-not "
the loft is almost done!! yaaaaaay  heading back to el paso tomorrow 
first day of work is tomorrow  it's going to be an early morning  and i miss my husband 
can't seem to wake up this morning!! i'm starvinggggg
has spent the last 2 and a half hours making sense of this live landmine fuze we found today  i have to host a briefing on it in the morning  i think i finally have it down 
i smelled a spoon in your bathroom because i'm sexy and do what i want 
is ready to go
that tractor can't get across crocodile lake!!!!!
is omg bored 
"in the war of 1812, osama bin laden declared jihad on the west coast and killed tupac  in retaliation, we tried to killed the notorious suddam hossein, but ended up killing the notorious biggie smalls  true story "
"walt whitman is over 3,000 years old and 90 stories tall  with his blue ox named <propfemale> dickenson, he traveled across <propfemale> to form it into what it is today  he dropped his angry ax to form the grand canyon and the stomp of his mighty boot caused the stock market to crash  him and his friend, huck fin, traveled down the mississippi and freed all of the slaves  he died a lonely man in walt disney world  true story"
has a masterplan that isn't working 
thinks solham is going to have a blast pulling the weeds in my lawn today 
is now a woman 
watch out for falling nuts!!!!
"has realized that all marriage is, is a one night stand gone horribly wrong "
absolutely loves bare minerals 
is studying her coaching handbook for  22 firearms  i coach my first group tuesday!  wooohooo
is getting her hair dyed at 2pm in <propfemale> <propfemale>  it's time to go dark again! blondes are dumb anyways  except for you bff joshhhhhhhhh
"back home in phx, sitting in a home depot parking lot waiting for roadside assistance  seeing as how i have no other friends to call for help  depressing "
is going to the diamondbacks vs pittsburg mlb game this saturday  seats 15 rows behind the dugout? hell yes 
would totally kill for a sugar glider!!! they're soooo cute!!! but i can't have one  i wish i knew someone with one so i could play with it   sad 
it's sooooooooo late 
is sitting at the airport    bored  my texas holdem game on my phone isn't working 
"loves pride and prejudice  it doesn't matter how many times i've watched the movie, i'll still always get sad "
wishes she had grandparents to tell her stupid stories that i would just roll my eyes to
has adopted a beautiful schnauzer dachshund poodle mix from the animal shelter  i get to pick her up tomorrow  her name is going to be <propfemale>  i'm super super excited   smile 
she's running around wagging her tail now   smile  and wow she has a huge appetite 
ncis use to come on all the time  wtf happened?!?!?!?!?!? i miss it 
"took bailey-jo to the vet, everything looks fine! she has some allergies but the dr  told me children benedryl will fix it  she's such a good doggy!"
s-s-s-s-s-s-subbbbwaaaaaayyyyy for lunch? yes please 
"is coaching a  22 firearms class tonight, then it's off to cali again  i'll get there around 6 or 7 am  sweet "
"dear california drivers, i absolutely love it when you stay in my blind spot and speed up so i can't pass  it turns me on  so please, keep doing so "
"everyone knows that if a gay republican comes out of the closet and sees his shadow, that means 6 more years of a democratic administration "
says that meatball sub really hit the spot  now it's time to play more scrabble  <propfirst> will not beat me again  smile 
thinks the death sentence should be issued for less violent crimes  i believe that even murdering one person (depending on the circumstances) should be tried for death  a life for a life 
"is the official scrabble <propfemale>  tie breaker score: 273 me, 192 <propfirst>  hoyeah!!"
is oh so very bored  both the doggy's are at the groomers  i don't know what to do with this free time 
is ohemgee tired  ugh 
thinks she is going to go to the beach for a little bit today  nothing better to do 
picnic on the beach? yes please  i'm on my way 
"is bored, lonely, and has a huge sweet tooth "
well the dogs are wrestling on the couch  they're wearing themselves out  good news for me  maybe now <propfemale> <propfemale> will sleep past 4 5am 
hold me til i die--see you on the other side
finally moving! yay no more climbing stairs!! or having to park a mile away from the apartment!
is at the dog park with her babies 
"\there was a man who cried because he had no shoes  then he met a man who had no feet\"""""
"is watching ricebowl for the day  <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and ricebowl are being bad bad babies "
"has 3 wet, pissed off doggies "
"brought to you courtesy    of the red, white and blue "
really sees you upside down 
thinks some people should just kill themselves  it would be the best for everyone 
is leaving for phoenix in an hour  looooong drive 
got this outfit from your mother 
"forgot to mention how nice it is to be home  i didn't realize how much i missed our house!! the dogs missed the space, too "
has been pulling weeds like crazy in the yard  me and solham are going to lowes now and buying some stuff to make my front yard prettier!!
"it feels great to know i'm not the only one awake at an ungodly hour  i started cleaning, then i couldn't stop   "
people are crazy!!!!!!!!!!
played soccer with my bff 
you think you're so cool because you can pee with your penis 
makes these bitches crawl 
likes her women a little on the trashy side 
"has been up since 2 smile 0am, after going to bed at 11pm  sleep is coming very very very soon "
"bertolli's chicken parmigiana for dinner, with a fuzzy naval to drink  yes yes yes yes yes "
"oh my my, oh hell yes  <propfemale> put on that party dress "
just got done watching shutter island with <propfirst>  pretty fucked up movie  now we're about to leave to see shrek forever after!!!! woooooooo 
"south <propfemale>, i'll see you in a week!!!"
"was up at 5 smile 0  taking <propfirst> to the armory, then maybe to the range a little later today "
"is feeling great today  drinking some coffee, then it's off to the gun range to put in some hours!"
got her haircut  i really really like it 
thanks everyone!!
"lol, once again, thanks everyone!! i have to do a mass thank you or else it would take forever!!!"
is still not a fan of vodka 
flies out in the morning for south <propfemale>  too bad my plane is going to crash and burn 
just got done packing up the dogs stuff  i'm going to miss them this week!!!!
just dropped the dogs off at the nicenicenice lady's house who's going to watch them for the week   sad  i miss them already!!!!!
"i was 30 minutes late waking up, and with a lot of fuckups along the way, i made it to my terminal with no time to spare "
"just got to my hotel in columbia, sc  it's so fucking hot  i do not miss this humidity!!!!!!!!!!"
this coffee tastes like mudd water 
"misses <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propfirst>, and <propfemale> <propfemale>   sad  at least i'm getting a good tan "
says south <propfemale> is hereby banned from the united states for being so fucking hot 
was up at 4am  i might go grab a hooker or something  love is like the ozone layer 
"just got a casual \war eagle\"" while in line at mcdonalds  that hasn't happened in a while and i miss it """
"is   sooooo bored  no car, and no one i know except for the front desk people who are very very nice  only 4 more days and i get to see my babies  oh, and <propfirst>  hahahah"
omg i want a meatball sub!
really wants a shark navigator!!! just saw an infomercial for one  too bad it's really e playful ensive 
woke up sickkkkk  ugggghhhhhh not today please!!!!
twilight is gay  i'm tired of seeing all the damn posts on it  i'll start doing it too  omg i watched the wedding singer yesterday  it was soooooo awesome 
mama      mama i'm coming hoooooooooooooooooooome 
is soooo excited she gets to sleep in her own bed tonight 
had an awesome nights sleep  but woke up thin<propmale> she was in her <propmale> size bed at home and almost smacked <propfirst> in the face  i dodged a bullet there people 
hanging out with the coolest women to enter the u s  we are not eating icecream 
it's wednesday!
knows your mother very intimately 
loves the new old spice commercial  swan dive!
is going on a date tonight with a very handsome fella 
has some good friends over tonight  drinking games? yes 
fucking  awesome  night  we'll be president next time stace!!!!!
"has had an awesome day  went for a walk on the beach with <propfirst>, ate a wonderful dinner, now just relaxing with some ncis "
is in <propfemale> <propfemale> with the coolest person in the world  bff dayyyyy!!!!
"7 hours of psych, and 9 hours of ncis today on usa  fuck yeah "
"just realized she has hey <propmale>, <propmale>, and rugrats on demand in the nickolodeon; nickrewind section  guess what i'm doing most of the day tomorrow?!?!"
"is going to the beach  it's too nice out to not go anywhere  stace, saddle up "
round 1 of me and stace trying to fish off the pier 
had an awesome day  now i'm watching a rocket competition on tv with <propfirst>  then beeeedtime  long exciting awesome day instore for tomorrow 
party at my house  heyyyy
had an awesome night  beach today with the dogs (counting <propfirst>) then maybe bowling later 
is getting excited about her fishing e playful edition that's taking place tomorrow 
"\her early leaf's a flower; but only so an hour\""  is going fishing in t-minus 49 minutes and 28 seconds  saddle up stace """
'the reason is: no one likes you  you'll learn '       i forgot how much i liked ghost ship  awesome movie 
fucking cable and internet is out    again  its like the 6th time in 2 weeks  guess i'll make today a laundry day 
is about to witness a hotdog eating contest  and spending time with my future son <propfirst>  cutest baby 
is married to <propfemale>  she knows how to treat me right 
is about to play some poker  then party later  sweet 
going to the casino!! then i get to babysit little <propfirst>!!
"poor <propfemale>  her allergies are acting up  she has a little rash and she won't stop scratching!! childrens benedryl, here we come "
stupid goddamn motherfuckin piece of shit comcast  that is all 
"watched walk hard with a kangaroo wrestler earlier  took us 493334 years to find it  dog park later, yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay "
"if you smell something delicious, its not your tailpipe  its a little bit of shake  and a little bit of bake  shake and bake baby "
"loves italian food, whiskey and dr pepper  i don't like sweet potatos, carbonated water or lemon pepper seasoning  i think religion is an opinion, women are just as big as whores as men and dogs are better than people  i'm republican and i believe that everybody is hypocritical  i'm very paranoid and see the worst in people  i hate teenage girls and the fact you can't watch a decent cartoon anymore  you're welcome "
wants to thank everyone who showed up to <propfirst>'s surprise birthday party!! and i want to thank stace for helping with everything!!!! and thank you for keeping your mouths shut  smile 
going shark fishing with great friends 
woke up to hearing the gay guy next door having sex 
australians give birth in nests high up in trees 
"driving back to arizona tonight  then taking stace to tombstone, az tomorrow!!"
"having a great fucking time in tombstone, az with miss stace!!!"
packed up some of the little things in the house  still have a lot more to pack up though  now on our way back to california 
good for <propfirst> slater 
just ate some awesome pea soup from the world famous andersons pea soup restraunt 
"happy ramadan  i'm honestly tring saym, but i still have to drink water and smoke  but hey, i'm wingin it "
got her offer letter yesterday  i leave in 2 days (sunday) for the <propfemale> army depot  be back on october 29 
"<propmale>, <propmale>  we've got clearance, clerance  what's our vector, <propfirst>??"
just beat the police trainer video game at pizza garden  fuck to the yeah 
"just went to the la purisima mission with mikey, <propfirst> and stace  now off to <propfemale> <propfirst> for some bbq!"
just bought the most beautiful knife  i swear i got wet the moment i saw it 
made it to susanville! work starts tomorrow 
no one will ever completely understand sweet lady propane 
"is working 5 days a week, 10 hours a day  which is awesome  buts its actually 12 hours a day, we're just not getting paid drive time  booo  missing home already"
there are dust storms everywhere today  can't hear shit while i'm working 
shot the <propfemale> valence 
didn't do shit at work today  damn atvs keep getting flats  tomorrow hopefully i'll work my ass off!!
"used to love her, but i had to kill her "
"is in reno, nv  wooooo "
"you keep the sunshine, i'll take the rain "
"got to the cabin last night in the mountains  will be here until sunday  no signal, so the phone will be off "
is loving life right now 
doesn't want to wake up 
thinks 90's music is the fucking best there is  hell to the yeah 
"\i goosed a sombrero yesterday\"" -<propfirst>"""
"is back in lompoc, ca  it was a fun job, and i'm sad it ended  i worked with some great characters "
going to vegas today  i'm still soooooo sick though  uggggghhh 
"vegas hasn't changed a bit  wedding, then god knows what, then booooooobies!!!!!"
wonders what you're going to do with all that junk inside your trunk 
its days like this that make it suck to have no ac 
has been asleep pretty much all day  its awesome 
"the fact that you would give a woman credit for anything, shows you're a liberal "
bought the tudors season iii and <propmale> season 1  its going to be an awesome uneventful day 
congrats to halladay for joining larson in the big leagues 
likes having sex with chicks 
"likes her orange juice how she likes her men, ice cold "
leaves for texas in 2 days  hopefully the job will go the full 6 months  i like money 
is on her way to texas 
who would think that this would be the one time that dumping piss on your head wouldn't work in your favor 
just rented dispicable me on my tv  taco <propfemale> and a movie? check 
15 people have died in juarez since i've been in el paso  which has only been exactly a week 
will teach you how to be a bomb technician  everybody get a hammer and a screwdriver and follow me 
thinks a certain person is a moron  and he she needs to be cut  (i'm being politically correct) 
"is like a human, only better "
"got her hotel room upgraded for free to a suite with a seperate living room, bedroom and bathroom  also bought my first mp3 player today, i'm catching up world!"
"after reading everyones status', i've come to the conclusion that people are morons and shouldn't speak "
"is the juggernaut, bitch "
thinks today is going to suck  its soooooo <propfemale> 
can't stick her penis in your childhood dreams or life goals  knock knock  who's there? its me; wondering why you're not naked 
is thankful for hookers and cocaine 
spent too much money today 
"just a heads up, i will not be coming to huntsville for christmas  sorry "
soooo it started snowing at work today and got sooooo cold  i'm not looking forward to tomorrow 
"its 16 degrees in white sands, nm  send warm thoughts "
"is semi-glad she won't be home when the big auburn game happens, because my house is down the street from where it will be in glendale and i hate traffic "
is sooooooo tired  i can't wait for my christmas vacation 
is at the doctors  hopefully they'll amputate my finger  then (so i don't miss overtime) i shall drive myself to work 
can't wait to get home  i'm redecorating the house and finally fixing up and decorating the loft upstairs  sooooo much fun 
excuse me while i roll over and die  should only take a second 
just realized how much she loves her sister!
all of your problems can be solved by my penis 
3 more days until i can go home  i actually miss phoenix    somewhat 
"is at home in phoenix with the christmas tree up, house semi-clean, and getting ready to watch the most awesome movie ever "
its a makers <propfirst> christmas 
forgot how much she loved indoor rock climbing 
is all moved in to her apartment in texas   my deck overlooks the pool and its at the base of a mountain! too bad my ankles are swollen  i hate wearin new boots
have you ever heard of vietnam? you're entering a world of pain 
got her eyebrow repierced last night and is thinking about putting her lip ring back in 
loves <propmale> burnham 
you know what turns me on? consent  my favorite position is mutual agreement style 
hoooooray for a wind chill of -1 degrees tomorrow!!
"so     its 0 degrees at the work site, with a -18 windchill and ice snow  please call off work  i didn't wake up today wanting to die "
"this world has gone from socrates, to snooki "
"bought the final season of the tudors, and every season of sex and the city  its going to be an awesome break "
is the e playful ert at one-liners and you have the curve of all curves 
"gold teeth and the curse of this town, are all in my mouth "
"just heard a 6 year old girl say to her 6 year old friends \i'm not a lesbian! i'm totally straight\""  wow  they know that word already?"""
"is spending her friday night with some frozen yogurt with fresh fruit, and spice world  not to shabby "
is watching a man with a sombraro singing in the middle of a boxing ring  mi gusta sombraros azule 
"how do we determine the fine line between wasting time, and savoring it?"
is coming to huntsville next week  now get off mah back 
can officially run a 10 minute mile and then keep running  going to try for 8 minute tomorrow 
"damn you vandenburg, and your need to send rockets and satellites into space at 2 am  i woke up thinking there was an earthquake "
4 more days <propfirst> baraty solaimon baraty <propfemale> <propfirst> <propmale> barkley
is making <propfirst> marchetti go clothes shopping with her  this will be a blast 
is about to eat pizza in chicago  how awesome does it get?
"is officially in huntsville, and going to sleep "
o m f g
"was told she had pink eye when she woke up  jokes on your lingling, it's cleared up!!!!!!!"
take whatever you want    but you leave me my monkey 
hates when there's so many rocks in my watch that i can't tell what the time is 
leaves for indiana kentucky in the morning  bye bama!
is super excited she gets to sleep in until 5am  ft bliss' 4am wake ups were terrible 
is going to eat the whore out of you 
"don't you hate it when you're at work vacuuming out an abandoned warehouse and your vacuum gets clogged, only to find your nozzle sucked up an animal skeleton?"
