d25d2e16c7584305fff7d01590aecc79
i just had my final in my sac city voice class and i remembered all the words! i got an a!
so excited to have <propfemale>'s family visiting from england!
wish the job situation was a little better  i want my music job back but with budget cuts it is not looking good  why don't people realize how important music is to education!
watching order of the phoenix  love it 
is baking meringue cookies  i need a break from looking for teaching jobs and cooking does the trick!
just attended day one of cardio kickboxing  its going to be great!
last night saw <propfirst> play bass for forever plaid's last show  sad to see it go but glad to have him home in the evenings  it was a great show!
excited about first day of work in <propmale> tomorrow 
loves funfetti cupcakes with funfetti frosting! thanks <propfemale>!
i love sky zone!
my elementary band performed tonight and kicked butt! i think i was more nervous then they were 
i miss u <propmale>  rip
not bored
can't believe its only wednesday  this is going to be a slow week 
come on kings! im still a fan but that was rough 
watching office space 
really kings?    really?
stressed out  my kinders and 2nd graders perform tonight and it is becoming a huge ordeal with 450 parents coming and 80 2nd graders on stage  then i need to race over to mesa for district honor band  this is after a full day of work and working on my birthday yesterday from 8 smile 0am-10 smile 0pm without a break  can't wait for the weekend!
going to disneyland on sunday!
the worst part of being sick is having no sense of smell or taste! what is the point of eating! <propfirst> cooked bacon and didn't realize until i saw it  it tasted like crunchy nothing 
going for a walk  i need sun 
long day of work for <propfemale> empire  my feet hurt 
i've never had so many students lie to me in one day  it's a new world record and i need a nap 
facebook says i answered questions about a bunch of people  i don't get it  i didn't answer any questions 
this was the first time that i have really been screamed and cussed at by a parent  ive been yelled at before but this was a new level  all because i gave her boy a detention for messing with the cafeteria tables after being warned  wow  a new milestone in my teaching career 
anyone who subs in san <propfirst> want sub for me thursday 11 smile 0-2:15 for garageband and beginning band?
had a great time at the end of the year band concert and award ceremony! my students made me so proud  i hope i get my job back next year 
joined a gym  and it has a rock wall!
"well, i have my job placement  50% at woodside k-8 for classroom music and band and 20% at sylvan middle school  excited but still trying to figure out how to teach one class of beginning-advanced middle school band students at sylvan  thank goodness for smartmusic "
"long day  full day of work, taught a sax lesson, picked up district instruments, and participated in 2 open houses including two fundraisers  im so glad my woodside band kids helped me out today!"
is sick  advice nurse said it was a virus going around  i can only eat ice for the next few hours 
come on giants!!
lucky charms for dinner  yum  im getting my whole grains 
at home doing laundry  lame
my ipod stopped working! ahhhhhhh!!
wow   
sick again
can anyone sub for me? two schools: sylvan middle and woodside k-8 but easy day 
go kings!
<propfirst> stockbridge is the most amazing chef of all time!!!  now we just need a hot tottie to top it off  wink 
"reading \teaching with love and logic\"" great book """
nap time
sick again  boo
go sac state!!
"getting that 30,000 thing done to my car tomorrow  wow, i got my car the same time my mom did and she is only at 15,000 "
is scared of shoppers  im safe at home 
made homemade caramel 
i like bejeweled too much
heading out for a chilly evening walk with <propfirst>
"there are moments in life when you would love to bring someone down from heaven and spend the day with them, just one last time  i know i have someone    if you have someone too, copy and paste this to remember the ones who were important to you and are no longer here, but always in our    hearts!!"
<propmale> headache 
bored and tired  this was a long week 
going for a late walk with <propfirst>  its a nice night but a little chilly 
"time for some <propmale> of the hill, then bedtime!"
"rain, rain, go away"
played ddr at the arcade  love that game!
"this was a fun trip but i learned that i need clothes for rain  my shoes let in all the water, my jacket absorbed the rain, and jeans are not  the best rain gear "
its so cold!
just got done with a short workout and swim at cal fit  wasn't motivated at first but glad i was talked into going 
woke up to breakfast in bed  very sweet
"watching \worst cooks in america\""  i relate to these people """
loved tangled! the drunk cupid and the horse were awesome  i wanna be rapunzel for next halloween 
made open faced sloppy joes and used an eggo waffle instead of a hamburger bun  sooo good 
today was not a good day  glad its friday 
im just waiting for the threatening email from the parent of the kid i kicked out of band today  i wonder what names she will call me this time 
operation repo is an amazing show 
eating broccoli  trying to be healthy for once 
i need to get off the couch and do something  gotta keep busy
i cant make decisions!
watching bully beatdown! love that show!
wish i was playing ddr
students are performing tonight around 6 at mesa  i need some energy!
my sylvan students rocked it tonight!
<propfirst> swat is on! love that show!
heater broke  house is cold
"yum, fruit snacks!"
goodnight
i had a great workout today  trainer called me a badass ninja  that makes me happy   smile 
"i'm gunna try making fish tacos tomorrow  <propfemale>, i need a recipe!"
can't sleep! maybe cops is on
<propfirst> vs  the remote  who is going to win?
if u have never seen an episode of bridezilla u are really missing out!
my head is killing me  maybe ill just go to sleep now
i'm determined to have a good day today  and i've been drinking more water 
had a good training session this morning 
ran a 5k for sutter heart institute this morning with <propfemale> disney  it was awesome! the weather was perfect at <propfirst> land park 
"i’m walking for stronger, healthier babies! join me in march for babies and help prevent serious problems like premature birth and birth defects "
i love tofu
going to the park to swing on the swings  i refuse to act my age!
watching my favorite 2 year old today and tomorrow!
i will not be outsmarted my a child's car seat installation!
2 year olds need to learn to sleep in  we are going swimming today then its my nap time  <propfemale> might take a nap too 
i successfully found the owner of a wallet found on the side of our street  credit cards were gone  but at least he got his medical cards and student id back  he was such a nice guy  i hate it when people steal stuff!
"i've accomplished a lot today! returned a wallet, wrote a paper for btsa, went for a walk, put two items on <propmale>'s list, organized my school stuff, had lunch with <propfirst> and now off to workout  its been a good day "
i just cut an onion! first time ever! a few people will realize how amazing this is!
tired
just finished my btsa exit interview! woo woo!
nice night for a walk with <propfirst> disney 
got in an accident on the freeway  i slowed down for a huge puddle so i wouldn't hydroplane and a big car ran into me and didn't even slow down  people don't know how to drive in pouring rain! shoulder and neck are a little sore but it could have been worse 
fast times at ridgemont high  great movie!
i can't sleep  maybe cops is on 
fell off the podium today while conducting  awesome  then was at kaiser in the room next to a paranoid schizophrenic who is screaming about everyone after her  awesome  then put on crutches  awesome  what's next?
