ebbd96ff4269a42d150b366a5e90c8ee
huh  weird wall thing   does embedding videos work here    or anywhere on this site?
plotting the function of the universe for efficiency without your permission 
"where is the \dislike\"" button?"""
i think i broke facebook 
realizes how hard it is to fill out dumb surveys without just posting outraged reactions to the answers of the person who took it before me 
ain't nothin but a thang
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=5r playful rfnu3g0&feature=player_embedded#
smart bomb
"'scuse me universe, what're ya doin?"
teh fam is here   but now i need to sleep 
"ok, maybe i will stay for a while, but don't e playful ect me not to troll you"
where is the despise button?
this place sucks  annoyed 
ghost in the machine?  collab?
"moar like fagbook, amirite?"
hopes galt blasting trance music outside his room at 7 in the morning isn't a sign of anything other than galt wanting to be stabbed in the neck   
"declares war on every government, war against all odds, war on your inner sanctum and on your bloodthirsty gods "
"one study suggests that [coffee] may have a mixed effect on short-term memory, by improving it when the information to \be recalled is related to the current train of thought but making it more difficult to recall \unrelated information"
i think i'll make an album today 
soccer?  is that the one with the ball?
"oh look   another day on fadbook   yep, still can't listen to music, still can't do html customize anything   what a useless piece of garbage "
d:
"wahhhh soccer is the best sport ever, if you disagree then it's because you're too fat and lazy to do anything   yahoo comments = instant facepalm"
contemplating making it a life goal to get struck by lightning and survive   
everything is causal   say it loud   say it often 
hi world   i am trying not to want to blow you up 
guys      time is passing 
myspace is still a million times better than facebook   just sayin'
"when the economy sucks, suddenly everyone has a degree in political philosophy"
workschoolworkschoolworkschoolrinserepeat
back up to 12 15 an hour
happy birthday to you 
yahoo news comments: endless stupidity 
interestingchoice
attention facebook: why must you be so boring and inoffensive?
"dislike, dislike, dislike"
going to sacramento area to work for five days
why do people use this site again?
dear humanity: please stop reproducing 
stop notifying me about your groups facebook   no thank you   no groups 
"ahem, it's <propfemale>'s birthday "
oh and by the way everyone vote tomorrow or i will fucking kill you
just realized my first grade teacher is running for wildomar city council member   lolwut 
   where did my music go?
why u typ like dis? u shuld cnsider that mayb u r stupit
i asked for inferno sauce > surprise 
"hey, i need a job "
"it's not often that you get to listen to music for homework, but then, it's not often that you're <propmale> grotke, is it?  is it?!"
"who cares about money anyways?  i, for one, welcome our mad max-esque post-apocalypse "
can you feel that?  i'm fckin' <propfemale> mind 
ifyoucanhearthismessageyouaretheresistance
sweetmysanthropy
workin in placentia or some other gay place
stupiditarded
yay for getting scammed out of 300+ dollars
"the only thing i've eaten today is a mini funnel cake that i bought from <propfirst> in the box at 5 in the morning, and i now pronounce today \nothanksgiving\"" day   knothnxbai """
ugh@people who smell bad 
"when the end of the world comes, it will probably be because it is in such high demand "
i just threw up in my mouth a little   i'm not just saying that 
no water   
d:
not surprised 
or die trying 
?_?
"great day, accosted by only one \faggot\""-caller """
"today: 1   hit my funny bone so hard i instantly lost all feeling in my arm for a second   2   saw a sign on the bridge that saide \we love you mom: give us pancakes\"" """
"got a b in audio  thank youuuuu, group projects "
just missed a call from the debt collectors  welp   this sounds like it will go well   
oh fuhhh i just realized tron comes out tonight 
i think i'm going to play some super smash bros  melee today 
"the longest place name in the united states is lake\chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg, located near webster, <propfemale> "
"this just in from <propmale> in costa mesa: get on the floor, everybody walk the dinosaur"
murry poopmas and a crappy new year to all
forget about your house of cards 
did my mom really just come in to tell me she's making top ramen for everyone     on christmas?
gay4pay in costa mesa
they rapin errbody out here
installing guitar pro 6 awwww yyeah
?
mom always offers to pay for classes after all of the ones i need are already full   
sick   
goin' to work in orange 
startin music class today
making some 8bit songs @_@
"what is this, national day of drive-by douchebaggery?"
lolwut@everything
so i guess it's time to watch the state of the union address and work on some music 
i will eatcho childrens 
i think i wounded me bum
"they say that in war, truth be the first casualty "
it makes sense if you don't think about it 
guys   it's cold 
say hello to the apples on the ground 
"all is violent, all is bright "
"ah, what a beautiful sunday   go outside   have a breath of fresh air   don't waste your energy having a sense of pride or shame, or herd mentality about something you played no part in   leave the tv off   do something you love doing   earn some money   don't waste that money on something we already have down to math   no one ever got in shape by watching other men exercise, anyways   wink "
the downside of <propmale> college: putting up with drooling retards who have no interest in learning anything ever
"today some asshole threatened to punch me in the face because apparently it's my job to look behind me, and not his job to look in front of him and watch where he's going   people on bikes are the worst "
i think i'm going to wake up 5 hours early tomorrow and make mountains upon mountains of pancakes and bacon
this is your world  these are your people  you can live for yourself today or you can help build tomorrow for everyone 
apparently it's illegal to spin in lake <propmale>
"oh, today is one of those holidays or something?"
knows the digits of our second guessing are doomed to crumble
it's cold  my arm is jacked  and i'm goin to a competition in la this weekend  yep 
lost in hollywood
filman commercials and participatan in competitions an b0rkan mah arm an still spinnan anyways cuz dumban stuffan
aw crap   i'm gonna need a 'nother hard drive soon 
"if you're not part of the freaks, you're part of the boredom "
guess i'll eat some sushi and file tax return bs and apply for financial aid er somethin'
the creative juices flow   
i just realized my school has a 17% graduation transfer rate   lol 
gonna go take a music test 
"i have 107 in music, if i keep it up i can get about 120 by the end of the semester   if only i could transfer some of that extra credit to my other classes   "
life is a bummer when you're a hummer 
yeah whatevo
">typing huge response to someone on yahoo, suddenly <propfemale> refreshes for no apparent reason   whole response lost   great   friggin great "
it ain't what it ain't 
*__*
aw crapcakes
"10,000?  crying "
does anyone know the recipe for gerbils?
trapped in the belly of a machine that is bleeding to death
"the early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese "
music test #2
"check, 1, 2, 3 "
"the course is run, the damage done "
i guess my work here is done 
"well, everything is back to normal   if only i could figure out how to take \teletubies\"" out of my people who inspire you section"""
"good luck, <propfemale>   you're on your own "
