8d3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023
"is wishing more and more that some people from last year could be here  but they can't because they either graduated, or decided to be lazy "
"really likes listening to certain songs right now, and wishes that <propfemale> hadn't killed <propmale>'s batery so that i could listen to them right now   it doesn't help that <propfemale> also killed my battery "
wishes that <propfirst> would call her back 
really like the poem fire and ice by <propfirst> frost
"has a million things going on in her head right now, and doesn't know where to start "
is listening to devan's music    how odd 
"got placed in front for both of the dances  which really sucks because she doesnt' know them all that well, especially the second one "
"is tired of certain people treating others like crap and being intesionally moody, just because they don't think that they are getting enough attension  news flash, the more you treat people the way you are, the more they are going to hate you  so stop be"
"is mad that in salt lake, even when you are 16, you have to have a parent or gardian to get a library card "
is happy that the internet is finally working again
                   urban hikers!!!!!!!!!!!
just finished listening to one amazing song 
"now understands why her friends hate it when she drags telling them stuff out, its so suspenceful"
why do good days have to spiral downwards until they suck 
wonders why summer is more tiring then school 
now has a really neat new monkey 
"wondering what is on her mind, so that she can put it in her status      mmmm     "
had almost forgotten how hectic moving is   but at least there is a weight room  yay for that!!!
"for some reason, today is a sad country song day "
"omg, my inspiration for finishing my new piece of work is ruined by the fact that there are no paints at my moms house  how horrible!!!!  i mean honestly, how can you not have paint?"
hates having a cold in the middle of summer 
life sure is interesting 
"wishes that she could say something and let her friends know whats up with her, but evidently children should be seen not heard   all she can say is that she can't wait for the next two years to be over with "
you know what everybody needs?  they need somebody they can talk to about stuff     this is definately the reason that best friends came about 
"wishes that it could rain more often, because it is so relaxing, and last night smelled really, really good        also, why do my sisters keep laughing at my facial e playful ressions "
"good night world   or should i say good morning, because its technicoly morning, even if i haven't slept in the past 15ish "
"doing laundry is so boring, but its always fun to meet new people "
"is in an extremely good mood today, except for hte sneezing thing, that had definately got to stop "
will be back in <propmale> tomorrow!!
ubic was funlast night 
randomness is so much fun 
really needs to learn to not get on so late because she really needs to get more sleep 
got a 74 on the math placement test when she took iton thursday!!!!!!
"stupid annoying double beebing thing, why must it be so annoying and double beep repeatedly to signal the conversation must end?"
"dear heart, stuff it  dear brain, shut up about the heart "
hope my family had fun at the reunion that i didn't know about 
"the first <propmale> at something is amazing, and sometimes second <propmale>s are worse, but they could be even better than the first <propmale>, and we have to give it a shot    (btw, 'along for the ride' by <propfemale> dessen is a very good book)"
"says ha ha world ha ha, i did to manage to get the classes that i wanted"
so   quiet    without    music   ahhhhh!!!!
"first day of school  it was fun, this year seems to already be much better than last year "
"boredom, and facebook, bad combo   luckily there is such thing as chat "
randomness!!!!!!
don't you just love it when an excellent day turns into an absolutely horendoes day?
 playful 
why must the weekend end????
"has decided that history will be her downfall    i mean honestly, it makes no sence!"
is it friday yet?
"so little time   so much to talk about   makes you wonder why it sometimes seems like you run out of things and why there are silences, especially akward ones "
rockzilla was so much fun last night   except for that one part   but other than that it was awesome 
sadums   first i can't go to movies becuase of having no money   then my usually monday ohone call had to be cut five minutes shorter then teh usual 15 minutes 
 smile     !!!!!!!!!!
so much studying!!!!! to many tests!!!!! ah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cannot beleive that they discovered facebook 
today is one of those days where something really great happens to your friends   and its great but the day jsut keeps getting worse and worse   but you want so bad to jsut be happy for your friends 
friday night was fun   but yesterday was long     
omg    thats all i can say    i'm so happy for her    omg!!!!!!!
is happy that she got to talk to her dad and thats he's alright with everything 
has bangs     weird 
there's only a few way's this week could get better   the biggest one being no more homework    esp  history
has decided that she really likes this week 
today is friday   and that means tomorrow is saturday     and that means homecoming!!
last night was fun   smile 
have you ever had one of those days where your really happy    but also extremely tired?
"loves being able to talk to her dad   oh yeah, he says hi to all family members "
last night was fun 
other than my computer being really stupid   i am quite happy 
i love chemistry    other than the term paper 
today is one of those days where you would love it if not for classes and a couple other things 
hates being sick 
long weekends make time disjointed 
omg its so <propfemale>  isn't it great?!!
"agrees with jezzi, those prompts are rather addictive    "
"annoyed by the double beeby thing, but glad that i finally figured out my cover, even if it took 3 different programs, and an hour "
am i allowed to be random yet     or were you just telling somebody else they couldn't be random??        jk      lol
thank goodness for cough drops 
"never thought she'd see the day where she both wished her dad was here, and was grateful for the frustrations of her computer "
"hates waking up at 4 am    cause every time she does, she spends all day being really tired "
 sad 
"vampire diaries, is such a good show!"
sleep?
sad   missed a phone call and found out about suicidal person    but happily <propfemale> got the awesome photos up!!
sad day    get better soon kels!!
ethonal!!! where are you?
wow  tiredness
smiling is good    smiling is very good 
the haunted cornmaze was so much fun last night!!
why must class rings be so complicated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cheaper one or one that describes better???
nothing is more relaxing than a phonecall with dad 
randomness     lol
"has decided she likes the song \be my escape\"" by relient k"""
"you know those conversations where you have nothing to talk about so you talk about having nothing to talk about, then you realize that talking about having nothing to talk about is something to talk about, there for the something thats nothing is actually something?"
happy b-day tomarrow sami   wish i could be there!!
 love 
sad happy day
finally after hours of it snowing   the snow is finally sticking to the ground    first snow of the season!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay
you'll never guess how much of it is in pen   lol
so seepy
"omg, <propmale> you are so sweet "
"loves the song \collide\"" by howie day!"""
time to go nano it up so <propfemale> and jezzi don't kill me tomorrow
"1630, half way to catching up   so there "
"you know what screw it  screw the person taht made the stupid button that hangs up the phone  screw the person that made it so that my dad can only call me, but i can't call him  screw those other stupid people that hurt others because they feel bad about themselves  screw those people who can't support people even though those people have supported them  quite frankly just screw everything "
petty teenage girl highschool drama-----the worse thing ever!
today was fun  every moment kept getting better  getting to talk to dad was great    except for that one visiting thing 
hahaha   soap opera   hahaha
nanowrimo   love it   but hate getting behind   oh well   
"and the nerd said to the geek \why would i love anybody else?\"" and the geek said to the nerd \""i love you too \"""""
"its so hard to imagine the things that have already happened, the good and the bad  the only question now, is what unimaginable thing will happen next "
well   um   yeah   so   um   yeah   what?  you didn't think that was a good enough reason?   oh   um   well then   ok    so   um   yeah   
"circumstances matter    better to think it through adn not do so, than to not and regret it later   (btw i was watching gilmore girls and this is what its refering to)"
oh come now    lol
sad day   
ojd   orange juice disorder!!!  laugh 
facebook + bordem = flair <propfemale>
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, right click, then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>    it will honestly work! put this as your status if you got it to work  do it!!"
"smile? i like to smile  laugh? i like to laugh  cry? no, i dont' like to cry, i think i'll stick to smiling and laughing "
thanksgiving break   the break that everybody else is looking forward to 
"well, i finally cuaght back up in nano   and i know i'll win this year   but i feel kinda guilty for it    who knew that zirental was such an avid writer, and that she would write so much in my book  i had to make an exert to put her stories into "
"i got a awesome poster from <propmale> today, and stuff from u of denver   also i have a great new mix cd  lol"
"other than that one thing, today just keeps getting better and better "
"haha, fun times, haha     smile "
happy thanksgiving (turkey day) to everybody!!!
joree had soft feet this morning      i petted those feet     it was fun    lol  smile 
"long dramatic day   i hate drama, why must people be so stupid and say horrible things? i try to believe the best, but sometimes something happens to make you realize just how stupid that can be "
"can't wait for tomorrow to come  its going to be great    well, except for that one having to deal with an idiot thing   and a little bit of the school work thing    but other than that its going to be great!!!   playful "
"stupid head, stop hurting!!!!"
happy day!!!   dont' you think?
"very tired, and don't feel the greatest  why couldn't i have had another yesterday?"
"long day of ad, i love it, but somehwo i always manage to delude myself into thinking theres less testing than there actually is "
yay for snow!!!
"we got more snow!!! yay!!! i love snow, its so amazing and pretty, how could somebody not like it? and do not give me the excuse its cold cause its warmer the snow "
"lol, 3 and 1 4 flair boards    wow   lol"
"finally home    jeez,what a long while    although i do love spending time with my mom and sisters "
considering everything   i'm glad that i celebrated new years with my family playing games rather then at a stupid party i didn't care about and know people didn't want me  happy new years!!!
got stuck in salt lake for another day   at least it was fun 
i just wanted to say to my dad's family   thank you so much for the contact you've given to me and the information you each give to me  e playful ecially with all those sky writers  i am very appreciative of it 
"its not that hard, just stick it in a bowl, open the microwave, and heat it up "
"today, things hate me    may they love me tomorrow"
"stupid cell phone, at least the home phone doesn't drop calls "
"its the little things i love, like when he knows when i need him to call me, or how warm his smile makes me   the bigger things that everybody else is <propmale> up on don't matter to me anymore, i just want to make him smile one more time "
"    jealousy, so rediculous, so vial  its so sad when people let it take them over  it makes them into pathetic two year olds  especially over something so stupid  it just sucks that they have to be jealous instead of getting over it or doing what i did for them     btw love ya kels"
"what do all these words have in common?: orange, silver, month, purple, intelligence, almond, angst, breadth, cannabis, chocolate, depth, different, luggage, neutron, elbow, engine, galaxy, hostage, iron, spatula, width, wolf "
red with silver dots
"well i want to, but it'll be weird and akward like last time, unless he can come, but still, it'll be so weird  why must they be so unfair to me, all i did was care about somebody very much and then everything in my world changed   its wrong  why don't they get on somebody else's butt for a change?"
??    so true    
"?   ooo, a <propfemale>!!!   ?   ooo, a smily face!!!   •   ooo, a <propfemale>!!!  ?   ooo, a music note!!!"
"-sigh- its only tuesday, why can't the week be over already so i can have a day off, and spend time doing what i actually want to do?"
"2 days, 5 tests, then 3 day weekend    the latter is great!!"
"yay!! four tests done with, and i think i did really well on them too   at least i hope so  only one more and i'm done for the semester!! yay!!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
straightened her short hair   so weird   lol
really hates it when somebody she cares about it really sad because of other people 
"to remember is scary, but if you don't remember then you have nothing "
"wishes that the world would just go away and leave her alone  to be given chances for something, and miss it because of life and circumstances surrounding type of life sucks       so many people have the world at their fingers and don't even know it, they would see it if they had to struggle like i do "
"if i disappeared today, would you remember me? would you even care?"
"loved last night, the dance was so much fun   playful "
"the world is different for every person, hence the reason it is so sad  but if we all saw it the same, it would be mighty boring "
it's really funny when em and my minds run on the same track  lol
"as much as i hate mornings and mondays, i am definately looking forward to tomorrow's morning "
"and here i was thinking that all the stupid drama had ended, nope it just moved away from me and attacked the people i care about most  i really hate stupid drama people "
pizza in a krispy kreme box    nough said 
status? what? you mean i actually have to write a status?
goodnight world!! and let mornings die 
"<propfemale>   definition: shy with a hint of spunk  a little afraid to try new things but will adore them when she gets into it  she is lovely, beautiful and talented, but sometimes does not believe she really is  can be a little crazy hyper! she thinks she's not a <propfemale>, but she totally is! <propfemale> pretty spunky fun nessa crazy"
happy b-day em!!!!!
"if i hear the words prison, or dad   and maybe car accident taht kill people    one more time today i'm going to slap somebody    6am is way to early to have to listen to that stuff     oh and i am really happy about living in <propfemale> where i am able to get medicine to help sickness   i feel so bad about all those who aren't able to do so "
sleep? where are you? sleep?
tonight was so much fun!!
fifteen minutes once a week is not nearly long enough    its just not fair at all 
"if you died today,  my heart would break   you're just not something,  that god should take   ~part of my \don't go away\"" poem   its so true """
what is up with the new facebook stuff? they need to quit changing it
3 tests-3 awards   one third and two second
people say that the past is who you are   but others say that what you do now determains what you deserve    how can it be both?
so many irrational girls     why can't you get over yourselves already?
that was so sweet    2 days in a row    super sweet 
i had so much funn!!!
hope i'll be able to do everything in time 
"its really annoying when somebody tries to call you, doesn't leave a message, and then when you try to call back, they don't answer, and their voice mail box is full "
when you say you are going to do something you do it 
"things don't blow over in a day, but if you don't do something and just say words, then nothing will ever be better"
"it seems so simple, and can be the hardest thing you will ever do  but it'll help to make so many things better "
well good news is the weekend ended on an interesting note      everything else on the other hand    well yeah   
"if you remember that summer, then you'll understand      and people do not ask "
you're right   that is a great song   smile  i  love  ?
one week left   ahhh!!!!!!!!!
today was so much fun!!!!
boring day
"i really need to stop being so interested in colleges    seriously, fifteen different letters from schools in one day is kinda over the top "
"i got a silver in essay!!!! and i'm sorry <propfirst>, but i do have bragging rights now "
            hm    let me think   i know this      dang it    can't think of hte stupid answer    oh well
"omg my dad has been listening to country music, of his own free wil!!!"
"live and let live, love and let love "
tonight was fun 
slept pass noon today    haven't done that in a while
so many people keep telling me that i am 'wise beyond my years' and i don't get how i am  but they instist that i am 
"have you ever had one of those moments, where something seems like the exact right thing to do, but later realized exactly how stupid you are? i have   "
much better    much much better
stupid hic-ups   why can't they stop? i hate hic-ups     oh and i got my amazing prom dress today    did i mention that i hate hic-ups?
"condesending   why must people be condesending?      oh well, other than that its been a pretty great day "
"i do not like it uncle <propfirst>, i do not like it <propfirst> i am  i do not like these dirty crooks, neither how they cook the books  i do not like when congress steals, i do not like their secret deals  i do not like the speaker <propfemale>, i do not like this 'yes we can'  i do not like this kind of hope, i do not like it, nop   e, no   pe, nope!    copy and repost if you agree "
"sad day, five day long spring break and i am stuck at home  people are either gone, or to busy without me    oh well at least i can sleep in "
for <propfemale> pedersen deal with teh fact that i made you lose the game 
"boring day  at least i finally got my monkey  and no, it is not a real monkey "
"so today    yeah, its one of those days "
that's just lovely   no really   it is    (do you think they can tell i think its stupid?)
i absolutely love my easter gift  thank you <propmale> 
so many people have made such a big deal about the act   i don't get it   i thought it was easy    hopefully my scores are good 
"i finally got my dress today, it took them long enough to finish  i was starting to get nervous  lol"
vote <propmale> ogden for student body president!!!
"what the f***ing he** is wrong with the world, and why does nobody get that last minute crap like this doesn't work!!! stupid government, stupid corporations, stupid people!! just keep screwing us people that aren't <propmale> over why don't you "
such amazing luck   
"omg, prom is tomorrow!! i'm so excited!!"
"i am so tired, but last night was so much fun  it's worth being this exhasted "
one more time driving then my test   evidently i'm pretty good at parallel parking   i dont' get why everybody hates it 
"can't wait, its going to be so much fun!!"
"i love the rain, it is so so so amazing!!! lol "
"today was so much fun, i love when mom and sis's come out to visit     it just sucks when they have to leave "
"if my computer isn't taken in to get fixed soon,it willeither die, or i will kill it "
gotta love those ub parent meetings 
today has been one of those days 
tomorrow is going to be so much fun!!
"you know what really gets me    i work my butt of to earn something, but then the fact that i can't pay the hundreds to do it, i no longer can    but then there are those people that complain about everything, how they don't get anything, and yet they turn around and get their every whim    its pathetic    and then there is the fact that they complain about their lives   i'll trade    you'd die if you were me "
"it's really funny how people will read your status, and then get mad about it    they have no proof that you are talking about them, and yet they take it to heart  people have a right to complain, and the world isn't always centered on the person reading the complaint "
yay!!! i can most likely take calculus 1 now!!!
never ending real deal   or in other words nerd!!!!
the road to knowledge begins with the turn of the <propfemale> 
"when somebody betrays you, you don't owe them anything  if you try, you'll only find hurt and pain "
i'm not the drama   you are  i'm not mad   i gave up  i'm the loyal one    but i refuse to stay while you stab my back 
"you aren't perfect  you make mistakes just like the rest of us    stop thinking that its only me, and recognize that its you to "
i'm happy     i like being happy 
lol   i mean it   lol
finally done with the history project   i hate those huge last minute projects that teachers give to you 
"if you don't know what happened, shut up  if you don't like the fact that somebody has said something, shut up  the rest of us don't care what your opinion is, what's done is done, we can't change that  and we cannot change who somebody is, not matter how much we want to "
"may is lupus awareness month  if you or somebody you know has lupus, post this as your status to help spread awarenesss  there is no cure for this horrible disease, and millions people have to live with it every day  if everybody is made aware of it, and donates a little something to the research, then maybe a cure can be found, or at least something to make their lives better "
not sure if i should be happy or sad    they both work 
"upward bound, here we come!!!!"
"my genetics are 50% like a banana, and 99 9% just like every single other human being on the face of this planet "
"this weekend has been fun  i've missed my sisters and mom  although, i keep hearing stories about me that i don't remember   lol "
"half of ub is over, i got some of my <propmale> posted up finally so some people will quit bugging me, and i saw <propmale> yesterday  i must say that i rather like this weekend "
"i witnessed a zombie attack today!! it was amazing!! i love uvu \and yes, i am completely serious "
"last day of ub  so great, and yet so sad  i miss everybody "
i love swimming   even if i haven't been <propfemale> pool in a year until today
tomorrow we are going down to disney land   i'm so excited!!!!
"back from cali   had fun  but i am so tired, and the delay was so stupid "
\and i'll forget the world that i knew\, laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,"i've decided that i love the beach and the ocean  oh, and i hope all the other basin ub's got home before 4 am"
"i've decided that i love the beach and the ocean  oh, and i hope all the other basin ub's got home before 4 am"
"i wonder if you can tell, that it really is a big deal to me   "
i've officially henafied my design  happy day!
"the past is the past so move on and don't dwell, the present is now so live the moment without regrets, and the future hasn't come yet, so don't worry \just be yourself, things will eventually work out \-by me   lol"
today is interesting   i wonder what people would think if i told them about the fact i got a henna tattoo    also wonder who knows what that is 
its a monday    how odd 
its funny when mom finds old pictures  it reminds all of us how cute and supposedly innocent we were when we were younger   its halarious 
i love it when random adults get involved with something they don't know the half about  it just makes my day  (please note the sarcasm)
today would suck if it weren't for elevator rides with people that don't mind talking   especially (as em would agree) if they are cute 
the last comic semi-final is absolutely halarious  i love it!!
had almost forgotten how much she loves the book *the truth about forever*
well that was interesting    at least the week ended much better then i thought it would   even if it hasn't ended yet 
i finally got the drawing done!! yay!! its about time too 
emails really add up when you don't have internet for a week 
i love hanging out with my cousins   even if the chick is crazy   lol
day one started    can't wait for wednesday    today and tomorrow will suck   
the color game  copy this onto your status and see what people rate you *red=i love you *pink=your cute *green=your funny *orange=i like you *white=i used to like you *yellow=you look like a good kisser *black=i hate you *blue=friends forever *purple=i don't know you that well    *grey=your weird     
"here's a piece of advice: never tell a person that has a phobia of spiders that a spider can crawl into the drink they are drinking, especially after a spider just fell from the ceiling right next to their head "
conversation is important  without it you loose everything you ever thought you had  but give it two minutes and a conversation could very possibly bring everything back 
last night i dreamed of sleeping in my own bed   its been five weeks at least    i miss my bed and mis amigos
i hope today will be great    no reason it shouldn't be    no reason any day should be   its sad when days aren't great 
my day is amazing so far!! thanks paco   lol  don't worry i'll come up with something better 
yay! for once my hair is working with me and aside from having a <propfemale> clip i actually have my hair down 
this weekend was amazing! i wish that everyday could have been as great as these last two have been  i hope its a sign that this week will be just as amazing   and if its a bad sign   well i just hope its an amazing sign   laugh 
am i the 1st thing you think of when you wake up in the morning?
i have really enjoyed today so far   not as great as the weekend was    but it works 
"the entire left side of my body is burned   the right side is slightly, but not as badly    it feels weird!"
um    well   i'm tired   and still have no clue 
cascade springs is so pretty  i absolutely love it up there 
break ups suck    
i wish it all was just a really bad dream
"next door there's an old man who lived to his nineties\and one day passed away in his sleep\and his wife; she stayed for a couple of days\and passed away\~this is one amazing song"
if only i could have 1 wish    
made it through the first 24 hours    you still say it is supposed to get better?
i had so much fun today    gotta love my hour glass figure    thanks <propfirst>!!
to sleep the night away is a special gift    now i only need to actually sleep all night    lol
the nothing box holds that piece of kneecap    lol   today was fun
"other then coming home (oh, btw everyone  i'm home!!) and reading a book i've had so little to do which gives me entirely too much time to think about what could have happened      indecision "
"i would say muy to the infinate power squared to the mole   but certain people think that i shouldn't, no matter how badly i want to "
"for 24 hours you can ask me any questions (in my inbox) that you want  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get asked!"
"just random now that stuffed backfired    does anybody here believe in a soulmate for each person, or think its just random <propmale>? or what?"
"when my sadness turns to anger  that's when i know i'm healing    its just my weird thing  although it might be easier if i didn't have a reason to be mad, especially cause it wouldnt' have made a difference "
i've never had my phone do that before    its never refused to text somebody till now   how odd    stupid old old phone    at least teh attena is still attatched (and yes people my phone is that old)
"hate and love are both strong full emotion    hate is concidered evil   then why doesn't it hurt the way that love does    if love is <propmale>, then shouldn't it not hurt?"
finally got my fafsa filled out   now i just hope that i did it right and i'll get the money that i need 
"i keep hesitating    but i don't want to anymore  maybe i shouldn't do this, but i'll follow my heart and if that doesn't work then what i thought was true really wasn't and boo you "
bff    when you have been talking to somebody and been friends for so long that they accept everything about you    and you don't realize they are your best friend until they randomly say it after 3 years of friendship    lol  playful 
hope that tonight will be fun!!
loved the party   although the car was kinda more fun   oh well lol   hope ubic will be fun  can't wait to see friends!!!
i've decided that the reason i don't finish more books with the fact i read so quickly is because of tv
"you used to always make time before, no matter what   but now its obvious that you don't want to    so why'd you even bother?"
"today made my entire week  yale sent me something in the mail   it looks like i \might be a good candidate for admission to selective colleges such as yale \"" among other things    it's completely amazing!!!"""
i wish upon the shooting stars    i wish for him    i wish    maybe one day?  smile 
i've decided that i love 'forgotten' by <propfemale> lavigne   among a bunch of other songs i forgot i loved 
"since the breakup so many things have happened   it is so weird    oh well  i just hope its a good thing, cause right now the things have been pretty good "
setting up payment plans is a pain   but i got the scholarship! so the amount due is $300 less then what granny and i were thinking!
"it's hard when you lose somebody you care about  you can't talk to them when you need somebody anymore  it makes you feel lost and confused, and a million other emotions   but then in the middle of it all, you begin to realize who your real friends have always been, cause they are the ones who will let you vent and cry, and support you the entire time  thanks, you know who you are "
today was so amazing   had so much fun at the reunion and in heber afterwords 
"i love that moment when you reach the place you think you aren't going to reach, and you actually realize that you made it  now all that's left is to heal, it makes me so happy "
got my senior pics done today  velcro and my curly hair don't work very well together   but evidently the pictures came out great  i didn't really look at them but granny loves them 
loves those long boring days where she can get lost in another world in her books 
"sometimes you know that you need to say something, but you also know that responding will hurt more then not "
"i hate it when people tell you that they'll call you in a couple of days, and then three weeks later you still haven't gotten a call  all they've done is slightly respond to your old emails or texts   its rather annoying and rude  not to mention pathetic  but oh well, it is their loss"
i'm tired   but since that thing on saturday i haven't been able to sleep decently   may sleep come soon and for a very very long time   lol
"i cant' wait for school   i miss class    the only bad part is seeing people   lol, love ya guys"
"even a fake smile has some truth, even a tear cried in dispair has some hope  so live each moment fully, cause even though it seems the worst right now, you'll look back and realize, its what made you who you are, and that was the best thing that ever happened to you "
the last first day of forced education is tomorrow   next year it'll be all my fault   lol
i have so much free time that i don't know what to do with myself anymore  lol  all i know is it gives me way to much time to think 
"it's my personal opinion that if somebody wants to talk to you about something important, even if you are scared to talk to them, just do it  it might be one of the best things in your life   you won't regret it because that way nobody can say you didn't try "
"i like teh idea  although it was one i originally came up with   but who knows, maybe this time it'll make sense   they just have to agree"
"i forgot most of what i wanted to say   but then i realized, it doens't matter  people will act as they want, if they assume crap about me, then so be it  cause i deserve better then that   lol  smile "
"had almost forgotten how much she absolutly loves the song whisky lullaby   its so amazing, and can be very truthful in what it can represent "
"you have to fight for what you love, if you don't you'll always be unhappy because you'll never have it "
"gotta love those moments where even though everybody is calling you the dramatic one, and you believed them  it was never you, it was the other party  lol, gotta love life   smile "
i cut my hair today    it is definately different then anything i've ever had before    oh adn my first calulus class was great  i think i am really goign to enjoy that class  i love limits right now 
wherever you will go by the calling is a great song   just sayin   although there are about a million and one great songs out there 
today was very interesting   although certain questions really make you think 
i'm trying to come up with an idea for the <propmale> peice i'm putting in the <propmale> competition  but i can't think up of anything    can i have some help here?
"unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong willed,independent, and outspoken, i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you're a  handful  then post this on       your status   i dare you!"
"sometimes things happen that you don't plan on  it might be good or bad  but if you let the bad things take over, then you'll never be able to enjoy the good  just remember love always exists, if it seems like you lost it, look in another place  i guarentee that it'll be there somewhere "
i bet nobody can answer all these questions   fullname:___________ age:________ birthday:___________ eye color:_________nickname:___________bestfriend:______________favoritecolor:___________myfav person:____________ fav thing to do:_________   post this to your    wall and see who knows you     do it!!
life is interesting   at least it would be if it happened like it does in my dreams   but the question is whether or not it would be a good interesting or bad
i'm tired of this   there is only so much disappointment a person can take    my family deserves better
"got my senior pic proofs today, i'm don't care if the rights are owned by teh company, i paid for them so i'll post them   lol  but yeah, oh and don't forget infinity isn't a point on the graph"
"today was   interesting\i've decided that \by the way\"" by theory of a deadman is one of the most amazing songs of all time"""
"it surprising how busy a day gets   today if i wasn't doing school, i was either hanging with friends, or doing homework   or maybe daydreaming about certain people lol"
"today was amazing   it would have been absolutely stunning if people would act instead of just say  but i've done all i can, so its up to them to keep their values  but yeah, the game and whatnot (lol) was simply amazing!!! i love my friends!"
"sleep, the time where your mind shows you what you want in life   awake, the time where your life shows you what you have in life   dozing, where you imagine the best while knowing the worst  don't give up hope, but always remember the truth"
this weekend was fun  and i got a great idea for a peice of artwork to do   i just hope it'll turn out like i want it to
today just keeps getting better and better   now to find that sarcasm font
they say that there is a silver lining for every bad thing   i'm not sure what the silver lining is for today   but man it better be good
"my new favorite song is curve of the earth by <propmale> nathanson  but don't worry it'll prolly be something different soon enough, there is just so much amazing music out there"
i'm talking about you   whether you get it or not  i just hope that you are talking about me   
my parents both recommended the same college to me   that in itself is beyond creapy  then i get on my email and there is an email from that school saying i've been selected to recieve a special admissions application!!
"lol, the counsling office now knows me as the mines girl   at least they know who i am, and are extremely impressed and want to help me to the best of their abilities "
"life can be confusing at times   you don't know what to feel, or what to do  sometimes you have to try because you will never know otherwise, and sometimes you just have to let it go and see what happens  the question is how do you know which time is which?"
"today was a mixture between boring, sad realizations about promises that will never come true, and the absolutely amazing wonderous day "
a thousand <propmale> by <propfemale> carlton    among certain other songs    enough said
"long, relaxing, and tiring day   don't know how that works  lol"
i think i have a new fav song   'times' by over and underneath
"one day you will realize   you really screwed up with me  to bad for you, cause if you ever want to fix it, well, just good luck "
"how did we meet ? , put this as your status and see who remembers "
"to look at the world and wonder     this can't be all that there is, there must be something and somebody out there that will make all the difference, no matter what people say "
"life is interesting   but the rain makes it smell good, even if it seems that while everything has the possibility of being great, its all looking quite bad "
"here i am and i stand so tall, just the way i'm supposed to be"
far away by nickelback   enough said 
"today would have been one year   how interesting   oh well, last night was tons of fun!!"
my new fav song is miss invisible by <propfemale> digby 
i hope sami is alright   i remember when i lost spotcy    love you sweety
"sometimes you just don't know what to think and hope for   other times, you know what you want to think and hope for, but you wonder if its really worth it "
today was mixed   extremely sad with cinny's death   but then extremely great cuase of other stuff    hmm
questbridge needs to work because i need my essays to go on it!!
after three and a half hours the log in <propfemale> loaded   but it didn't let me log in    now to keep trying    i hate servers
"it took me five hours to put my essays on the application because the server wouldn't load    the last hour all i had to do was push submit   it would not load    questbridge was everything i dreamed of, and because the server wouldnt' load   i lost it, my only <propmale> "
"today kinda did suck   but its great when you have certain people that are there for you, and can always find a way to get you to smile"
omg omg omg omg omg!!! they extended the deadline!!!!!
"yesterday was   interesting, and today was relaxing   i can officially cook something that granny can't, and i am winning in the speggetti competition  lol"
click like if i've ever made you smile in your life then set this as your status and see how many you've made smile  smile 
ah the randomness of a mind that loves to think   lol   at least now there are pics of me with my newish hair cut 
"it's raining   i love the rain, its my fav weather!"
"if i could fall into the sky, do you think time would pass me by, 'cause you know i'd walk a thousand <propmale> if i could just see you, tonight"
to dance in the pooring rain   
"i hate having to wait    at least i can smile, even while waiting   lol"
"yesterday was great   and the game, well that was just  yeah lol"
"if you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what would\you say to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in \your status - fair is fair - play along"
"so i finally figured out how to show the time on the chat    and i've decided that bubbly is an emotion, and is currently my favorite emotion   lol"
so i keep on smiling through the rain 
"how does <propmale>, university of notre dame, and yale sound? should i add in brown?"
its scary applying to <propfemale> leagues   
"dipoles, man are people in my chemistry class stupid"
tuesdays wear my brain out    although i did sleep in and miss missionary prep   so it equals how badly thursdays wear me out    it's weird to be busy and not get home til seven thirty 
so i decided to look up the word twitterpated   it means to be confused by affection or infatuation   now we all know the exact definition   lol
"sunset sailing on april skies, bloodshot fire clouds in your eyes, i can't say what i might believe, but if god made you he's in love with me "
"so today was fun   i'll admit it, i actually kinda liked taking pics, put only cause it was with my besties lol "
the tombstones at lagoon were halarious! loved it
"gotta love people    yeah, whatever"
"thank goodness for different fonts   government report, you are finally done  lol"
"i hate it when i say something i don't really mean and it comes back to bite me in the butt   i really am sorry, i was being stupid "
"i was sad, then i pretended to be happy  after a while i realized i was happy, really happy   strange how things work "
i keep smiling randomly   and it doesn't seem to matter if i'm grumpy or tired   i just keep smiling lol
"and now we are free,\free as a bird \to fly away,\away from here \and now we are free,\free as a bird \to fly away,\to disappear   "
"i just love people who don't realize just how rude they are being  it keeps life interesting  however, keep my sisters out of the cross fire, or i will get involved, and you can suck up my rudeness "
"a friendship takes two people  if only one person tries, they are going to give up and stop trying  if you want it, you will have to make the move  until you do, they will never know, and they will not keep trying because they think its useless "
"smiling is wonderful, until your cheeks hurt   lol"
7 1 2 inches  sad 
omg omg omg omg omg omg omg!!!!! i'm a questbridge finalist!!!!
so   yeah tonight is crazy  i just got my acceptence to colorado school of mines too   crazy crazy night
it rained today   well for a little while  it would be nice if it rained like that all day  i love the rain 
"a smile makes the world go round, even if it seems at an end "
"how strong do you think i am\how much can i take of this\am i a rock or a <propfemale> or a fist\or the breath at the end of a kiss"
"through the wind and the rain,\she stands hard as a stone    \but her dreams give her wings,\and she flies to a place where she loved\concrete angel \~i love this song "
"never give up hope, and never tell somebody to give up hope  it might be the only thing left to keep living for sometimes "
"so i've decided that one of my all time favorite objects is my black sharpie  it really is amazing, and with some help from <propfemale> and <propfemale>, very very inspirational   lol"
"i'm so excited for tomorrow   it'll be so much fun  i'll miss those of you that decided not to go or just couldn't go to the ub activity  on an entirely different note, hospitals smell funny "
smile at least once a day 
this weekend was fun    and hopefully the bruises will fade soon lol   smile 
i was busy this last week with studying that i wasn't able to fully finish the application to the questbridge schools   but i actually don't feel to bad about it  i got csm and uvu  i'm good   laugh 
"i hate saying something and it comes out wrong, then i feel guilty for hours afterwards  but on a possitive note i think i know my nano thing and i finally got my <propmale> scholar letter!"
"i whisper the wrong name in my sleep   tell me, what is a soul mate?"
"put\this as your status and see what people rate you: 1=crazy, 2= i'd marry\you, 3= i love you, 4= sarcastic, 5= i miss you, 6= i'd kiss you, 7= \moody, 8= smart, 9= energetic, 10= spoiled, 11= random, 12= a hero, \13=funny, 14= you're mine, 15= amazing, 16= tough, 17= cute"
"love, hate, fear  all three are emotions of the heart  but only one can exist at a time "
"in a lifetime you don't remember every kiss, just like you don't remember every person  you only remember those that really meant something  you especially remember those whose kiss chanced the world for you "
yay! i'm a fifth of the way done with my (required stuff for my) nano story  and i've figured out how everything will work together!
"ain't nothin' better \we beat the odds together \i'm glad we didn't listen \look at what we would be missin'"
to heal the tears it takes a breath   but to heal the heart takes love
like this and i will tell you a truth about you   laugh 
"being miserable makes others around you miserable    so be happy, life is much better when people are happy  lol"
what does it mean to care about somebody?
some days i wonder what would the sun taste like if it was purple eggs   other days i wonder how you can tell if somebody really cares about you and how much   
checked my act stuff   found out i got a 31   would have been higher if i had studied more in english but i'm excited
"when i met u i was scared to like u, when i liked u i was scared to love u, when i loved u i was scared to lose u now ive lost u & wished i met a different u"
i've discovered a new love  so sorry ex   but rocket to the <propfemale> is an amazing band lol   i especially love their song like we used to
"case closed \i'm not here anymore\and i'm not scared anymore \the way you walked away\i could tell you weren't afraid\to do the things you had to do \even though i meant so much to you "
i worry   its my thing   and when i don't feel good i have a shorter limit on what it takes to piss me off   it doesn't matter if you can't tell i dont' feel good  if you were actually the person you led me to believe you would know already 
"the one thing i wish i could do the most is save the people i care about from their pain  even those that don't see who i am anymore, and think me a stranger  i care so much   is it any wonder i worry?"
so the random writings section of my story is the longest so far   but all of the writings either have to do with the story  to help the reader see more about the characters   is this bad or good?
smiling is a happy thing  the world needs more happy things
so i was looking at my clothes earlier  and from my hat to my pants i'm blue  even my eyes are blue   lol
so i learned new stuff i had kinda halfway figured out    it really hurts    but i'm actually happier now having it confirmed    hurting happy? how odd   lol
"hey you  yes you, the person reading my status    smile! oh come on, don't look at this status like that  i mean it smile  you have a great smile, so you better show it off more "
i'm finally done with chemistry 1010!!!! now if only i can figure out how the second tri stuff will work   i hope they didn't really cancel english 1010
hope is a dream of a soul awake  (french proverb)
life is a random thing
it rained this morning   snowed for about a half hour this afternoon   then it started to rain again and took away all the snow  sad
music-one of the most amazing things in the universe 
"yay! technically my college classes don't start til next week \now i just have to get passed that calculus test tomorrow "
i've decided i like the <propmale> scholar list   i believe i actually have a shot now at winning one of three  good luck to all of us 
"don't pull off my wings \i wanna fly away to better things \i want you there too \so find where your heart sings \and we'll be free together \feeling everything \don't pull off my wings"
"the best part of thanksgiving is the food \the worse part is the cleanup  \happy thanksgiving!"
"thanks to all the extra stuff i've pulled together for my novel i've technicoly won nano   the only problem is the extra stuff is to help me with my novel, not actually my novel   lol"
smile at the horrid world   it'll make the devil run scared 
i love going places and running into people i didn't e playful ect to see for a couple more days 
so i've decided that argueing and then having to cook something isnt' the greatest combo for me 
"mimi: to love and to have lost is better then not to have loved at all  kina: haha, sure  what crackhead said that? mimi: god  kina: oh   ok   how is god doing in the treatment center?"
"if you think i'm cute, like my status  if you love me, put a heart  if i \am a good friend, put a  smile    if you miss me, put a  annoyed , if you ever had a\crush on me, put a (;   if you're brave, put this as your status"
"finding songs that bring me back to a time and place, that describe a part of who i am, and are significant to memories and me   is a lot harder then somebody might realize "
wish me adn the other crazy aders luck at district tomorrow 
"redbull   with a touch of sprite, but i'm still young so i won't worry bout that "
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight againstchild abuse & copy, paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same"
"and i saw\pictures in my head\and i swear i saw you opening up, again\cuz i would be heavenly \if baby you'd just rescue me, now"
i hate it when my sisters have to leave
life sure is interesting
i like to play with it outside 
sleep   what comes to pass after pain meds enter system 
i forgot how much i love the days where i start and finish a book in less then three hours    i really should make more time for it 
so i listened to the luckiest for the first time in months   not sure what to think now  hmm (reflection needed?)
"homework, school, extracurricular, more homework    good thing facebook is here lol"
"(inbox only) 2010!!!!! is almost over, so confess something you've always wanted to tell me??  smile  smile  smile  put this as your status, youuu may be surprised  "
smile at the world   even if everything sucks adn all you want to do is cry 
"i looked up my name   i think i like it\<propfemale>  shy with a hint of spunk  a little afraid to try new things but will adore them when she gets into it  she is lovely, beautiful and talented, but sometimes does not believe she really is  can be a little crazy hyper!\she thinks she's not a <propfemale>, but she totally is!\<propfemale> pretty spunky fun nessa crazy"
trying to make a resume fit on one <propfemale> is harder then it seems sometimes
"im talkin bout blue eyes, blue eyes\whats the matter, matter\blue eyes, blue eyes\whats the matter matter\so blind, so blind\whats the matter, matter\blue eyes, blue eyes\whats the matter with you?"
you won't believe what happened today   and you'll never guess it  but go ahead  try  i dare you
"i'm just going to relax, and doodle   oh crap, there is school today isn't there? guess my relaxing will have to be put on hold "
"there's a limit to the crap a person can swallow   give them to much and they'll walk away, and take everybody with them "
you said i'll be in touch   what a lie that has become 
"is greatful for everybody involved in <propfemale> tree, and for mom's side of the family    i know its the only way my sisters are going to get christmas this year  thank you "
evidently i'm like grace kelly   hmm
i miss certain words i used to use all the time   like glashop   that was a good word 
i love my new and amazing water colors     now to go and paint something 
at the end of the day i ended up not needing stitches   but i'm staying away from windows so i don't fall through one again 
piece of advice    attempting suicide by tripping through a window is ineffective 
i love looking back and realizing that the people who say that they don't want drama and they do everything to be the greatest friends to me as possible    well those are the friends i really need to replace 
its the <propfemale> of new year's <propfemale>   i'm shocked 
"we walked along a crowded street\you took my hand and danced with me in the shade\and when you left you kissed my lips\you told me you would never ever forget these images, no\well, i'd never want to see you unhappy\i thought you'd want the same for me\~ i love this song"
i recieved a merit scholarship for 48 thousand dollars today for the colorado school of mines
"i love days filled with sweet surprises   the only bad thing about today is karalyn turning 14, i remeber her being an annoying baby  love you sissy "
i feel old  emmy passed her driving test   and i got invited to a banquet at uvu
emotions   the worlds way of mocking human beings 
i remember things i used to day dream about   some of them are extremely stupid   others make me wonder why things happened the way they did  guess i still think promises mean something in this world 
smile at the world    even when you only have half your homework for the next week done 
"movie   dance, movie   dance, yeah, i think i liked the movie, it was cute"
"baby, there goes somebody's miracle\walking down the street\there goes some other <propfemale> tale"
"so many people don't realize how easy and lucky they have it  i wish there were some way to take them out of their pompus lives and into a difficult one  even if they don't learn, some people with harder lives deserve a day where things are good again "
let's see how creative my facebook friends are  leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be 1 word then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you  don't just post a word & not copy  that's no fun!  wink 
"my new theme song is now officially \brand new day\"""""
homework and facebook   the two things that multi-tasking was invented for 
"my \niece\"" neveah is so cute"""
yay! no more highschool classes for the rest of my life!!!
sometimes it only takes a reminder of the past to realize that now is so much better 
"so many people are saying that the zodiac signs change   well they did if you are looking at it from a <propfemale> perspective  however most atronomers use the sun, and that hasn't changed  so most horoscopes will still be the same old sign as before "
and i find it kind of funny and i find it kind of sad  the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had 
"talking is a necessary part of communication    as nice as full conversations with many people are awesome, sometimes one on one conversations are much needed "
looking at all the different college costs    i certainly hope those scholarships come through 
"hey random peoples    don't we just look amazing today?\hahahahahaha, don't have to understand, but ya gotta love it "
"so many ask why be with somebody when you will most likely lose them in the end  it's because even if we do lose them, we learned something about ourselves  plus, we never know who might be the one for us, until we are with them "
"when someone treats you like dirt, don't wonder why they hate you  find a way to mock their patheticness  laughing is a much better alternative to hurting confusion "
"most people would like dreams of old memories   but i don't, they just make me more confused about the present "
just sitting here waiting  maybe one day they'll get the hint  but i might not wait that long 
\i don't get many things right the first time\, laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,"please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has or had an invisible illness (crohn's, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, fibromylagia, ms, copd, lupus, hemochromotosis, celiac disease, diabetes)  my one wish is that in 2011 cures will be found  do it for all who have an invisible illness   they may \look\"" fine   doesn't mean they feel fine"""
i woke up thinking that the week couldn't get any worse  but within an hour that changed   i really need to stop waking up like that 
"a smile, just one small smile, can turn a tragedy into something hopeful "
"so many tell me that i am an optimist, that i find the good in all that is wrong  my question for them is will thinking about the bad things make life any better? i'd rather smile that something happened, then cry that it ended  looking at the good, it may not make it better, but it definately makes it easier "
"i got bored today so i started looking throught <propfemale>'s old ub stuff and omg, that year was so funny and awkward  i totally miss it  lol"
"i must say, sundays seems to be rather lazy days "
"i have a new little cousin! he looks so cute, i can't wait to meet him "
finished an amazing drawing   too bad my new sketchbook is too big for teh scanner
tuesday    i woke up thinking it was friday  this week is so long already
"\parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell \""  ~emily dickinson\", laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,"everybody should smile at the world, because crying just makes the world laugh at you more "
"appoximately 4 papers to do  good thing one is optional, two should be rather simple, and one is about my life up to this point "
"walking up the stairs i can handle  gravity not liking me very much, i can handle  having crappy ankles i can handle  combining the three and twisting the crappy ankle up yet again, i don't want to keep handling "
evidently i have a talent for writing a book review! i'm so glad i changed topics on that paper 
"if i told you that i love you what would you do?\it's the question that everybody want to ask, but is too afraid to "
"i thought i heard sirens today in town, but didn't believe it til i saw that the glass shop had caught fire "
"when life seems dark, it isn't because the sun isn't shining  it's because that one person isn't shining through the clouds anymore "
"\don't pull of my wings i wanna fly away to better things\""\", laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,so i've decided i like books with meaningful quotes in them  it helps to make life make sense   if anything can ever do that 
"so much math! and i dont' even take math  lol  jk, i love tutoring "
"school, homework, tutoring, <propmale> scholar, tutoring, ad makeup work   and repeat"
"so, i lost my lupus bracelet this week, sad huh?"
"flba region today  i tested in accounting 1, business calculations, and word processing 2  i won 3rd in business calculations and 1st in word processing 2!"
\and it's alright, yeah i'll be fine\ laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,\don't listen to them\, laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,"after all is said and done  \yeah, i wish it could be that easy "
"all it takes is one word, one sentence, one heart, one life, to change your entire world "
i almost wish i could invent a time machine and fast foward a week 
i love writing subtle status at you because i know you read them and wonder if they are about you  i just wish that you would act on them 
"i may hate today, but i will be civil and wish everybody a happy valentines day"
"goodnight world  may tomorrow shine as a bright new day    at least, lets hope so "
"please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (fibromyalgia, lupus, aps, diabetes, crohns, pcos, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, ms, depression, bipolar, m e, autism aspergers etc)  do it for all who have an invisible illness  it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside "
"so many people dont' realize what backstage people do    let me tell you, the show wouldn't exist without them, the actors might has well be on a corner  \great show tonight though, love ya'll "
"the <propfemale> eyes rain, when she sees him standing there "
"drama   there is so much drama! that's right, the play anything goes is still going on "
"back in the good old days it was a struggle to see who was the smartest and fittest because only a few survived  now we have medicine, so all those who should have died are still alive, and running our country  thank you modern medicine, you really work wonders "
"there are absolutely no scholarships there for children with parents in prison  please either stop telling me that there are (cause trust me i've done my research) or do the research yourself and give me a link to help me out  don't mean to be grumpy, but it's obvious that children like me are being screwed over "
anything goes tomorrow night  then i'm off to colorado for most the weekend!!
omgies  colorado was so amazing 
"i'm glad that <propfemale> loves to bite people in teh butt, especially since i end up hearing about it and laughing because they completely deserved it "
"just a questions   if you see somebody fall and get hurt what would you do? what if you had once loved them  would that make a difference? but what if you now hated them without reason?   for me it wouldn't matter, but does it for you?"
i have at least an a- in both of my college classes that i've taken finals in this week   i am so happy!
"good news with my stupid injuries   only a few survice bruises, the rest are just deep muscle bruises that make it hard to move   at least my leg doesn't look black and blue so i'm happy "
i'm blueberry but i wish i was <propfemale>
"so i have a new favorite quote: \life was so much easier when i was a fetus\"" - <propfemale> <propfemale> pedersen"""
who actually knows me? i bet nobody can answer all the questions right  first name:_______ middle name(s):_______ last name:_______ age:_______ birthday:________ eye color:______hair color:_______ <propmale> name:_______ favorite color:_______ favorite sport:_______ copy and paste as your status and see who gets it right 
"so i have a new favorite quote: \life was so much easier when i was a fetus\"" - <propfemale> <propfemale> pedersen"""
"1st person to like my status - i will have your last name for 2 weeks \2rd person to like my status - i'll write i love you on your wall \3th person to like my status - i will answer any question  (in my inbox)\put this as your status   if you're brave enough ? ? ? ?"
live life and don't look back or regret  if you do you'll remember why you cared and not why you shouldn't 
\long before we ever kissed,\ laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,\but this is not the way that it should end \, laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,"sibling war! copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands for one hour without your brothers and sisters protesting, it is true "
you said you were there but you dissapeared  why can't i hate you?
omg   i got an a in the class i though i'd be lucky to get an a- in! happy day!
\i can't be held responsible\, laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,ad state tomorrow   wish us luck 
"i come back from the green grass and sun to rain   oh well, we rocked at state  we got third and i got a $100 scholarship "
"love is always worth it, don't ever forget that  it might hurt in the end or even during it  but it's always worth it  i promise "
"and i'll smile at the rain, even if its the last time i do "
"when you look at me what do you really see? a girl great in school or one that struggles through trials everyday? what about everybody else?\do you see everybody, or just what you want?"
i just finished painting my pants   now what to do?
"i forgot how much i love little kids, even if they do compeletly wear me out "
"if all you can do is smile, then smile "
"if you ever feel sad on facebook, stop reading that post and look at others, within a minute you'll find something funny "
this portfolio thing has officially confused me  i think i'm going to completely scrap what i have and get a different program 
which prom would be funner   here or orem? hmm    
"i love it when things work out, especially in the most une playful ected ways "
"but if i touch you like this\and if you kiss me like that\it was so long ago\but it's all coming back to me\\~i've had this song stuck in my head for days "
i got a beautiful pin from ad tonight  it made a great closing on an interesting day 
"if life gives you a <propmale>, take it and run "
\anywhere you are, i am near\ laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,"another class down, i'm getting fast at these vc classes"
i love surprises 
"the dalai lama, <propmale> ford and <propfemale> keller are communists in my love life \lol, what a great night "
yay! my upward bound pages are done!
"i love saying something repeatedly and still nobody listens  oh well, at least fbla was absolutely amazing!"
i get on facebook and the <propfemale> is full of relationship changes   is today the new valentines or something?
school   tomorrow   is that a good thing?
"<propmale> scholar, college class, vc certificates    am i missing something? oh yeah, a social life "
"always follow what you feel you should do, if you don't, you might never get another <propmale> "
i know so many incredible people  i look up to them and think how impossible it seems for them to realize who i am  they seem even more incredible when i realize they really do see me  thank you so much 
i hope everybody has fun at prom tomorrow night!
"dear government, if you feel the need to stop paying our military personnel, then i think you should feel the need to stop paying yourselves  i'd like to see you support your family without a pay check! by the way, maybe if you take your pay check down to less than $100k it would help some of the budget issues in <propfemale>  i'd like to see you survive on enlisted military personnel pay! re-post if you agree"
i finally figured out how to get my hair up since i can't pull it back into a pony tail anymore 
"all she's ever felt is held back\she says, \it's kinda nice to hear myself laugh\""\", laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,graduation and my birthday are coming up way to quick 
"if you and i wake up in jail together    using only four words, what wouldyou say to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your status - fair is fair - play along"
so if everything works out just right i might have a job by the end of the week  i'm certainly praying and hoping so 
"if you had to leave everything behind but one thing, what would it be? would it be her, or would it be me?"
\and i'll take my chances\, laugh 3ca1ac7eb558e1ce18645228ccc023,"i think   oh wait, my brain is dead from school "
"when somebody is trying to e playful lain why they say something don't get offended because it's not what you think it should be, actually listen and be supportive, cause you do the same thing sometimes "
"?if you have a sister who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can't live without & someone you can always count on    re-post this if you have a sister you love?"
"i wrote a new poem today, and now i want to find a poetry contest based on military service to enter it into "
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's butt  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
like this status and i'll tell you; 1: something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 10 seconds  2: the color you remind me of  3: my first memory of you  4: the animal you remind me of  5: ask something i've always wondered about you  6: my favorite thing about you  7: i    challenge you to post this as your status   smile 
"made danish pancakes for the first time in years, i forgot how much i absolutely love them   i really need to keep up better on my danish heritage since i'm more danish then most americans"
i get to go to nationals!!!!!!!!!!!!! omg omg omg omg!!!
"<propmale> scholar competition tomorrow, hope i can focus  wish us all good luck!"
my fav weather   thunder storms!! the only bad part is turning off all the electronic stuffs for safety reasons 
i absolutely love my mask!!
last night was so much fun   but i've stayed up way to late and gotten up way to early for too many days this last week
"i'll be sending out graduation announcements pretty soon, if you are family and think i still dont have your address please send it to me  if you are a friend and want one, send me your address and i'll see if i have any left over "
"so the eye doctor said i got rid of my astigmatism, which is evidently really rare  makes me happy i continue to do rare and odd things  hopefully i'll do something even more rare and fully get rid of that stupid blindness thing in my other eye "
"got my housing contract   now i\m feeling really old """
guess it's officially official that i'm going to csm since they got my housing contract and enrollment convermation today and informed me of it 
"it will always matter to me, and i don't know when or if i can ever fully give up  but at least i can say i keep my promises and always do everything i can  what can you say?"
prom was so much fun   i love making new friends!
"i'm the type of person that when somebody says i'll remember everything about you i actually believe them, because, i\m also the type of person that will remember everything about you """
"may    finals, start job, mothers day, birthday, senior trip, graduation for ubatc, graduation for union    i know i\m missing something"""
if you're not scared !!!! put this on your status and see what people rate you !!!! (1) crazy  (2) i'd marry you (3) i want to date you  (4) sarcastic (5) i miss you  (6) i'd kiss you  (7) beautiful  ( smile  smart  (9) imaginative  (10) random  (11) smart aleck  (12) funny  (13) fit (haha) (14) amazing … (15) tough  (16) cute  (17) i'd hit you with a bus  (1 smile  i love you  (19) weirdo (20)friends forever smile 
"in honor of mother's day - i'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother, or one of the two of you and keep it there till may 9  i did and so have several others  if you will and like this idea, please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb     i love you mom"
the radio keeps playing songs that fit exactly what i'm thinking about you   it's kinda crazy  but on the plus side young womens was fun tonight
36 addresses found and listed    now i need to get friends of family addresses found and listed   so many addresses!! lol
"first 5 people to like my status & i'll answer( annoyed 1  how we met?\2  would i date you?\3  who are you to me?\4  have we kissed?\   5  what i like best about you?\6  what i dislike about you?\7  favorite memory of us?\8  my first impression of you?\9  how close we are?"
