4b5169b622960801121cd8aba029d8d2
are people really this stupid 
made it back from the airport   thank goodness i took <propfemale> with me   i wouldn't have made it back 
where is there a mechanical bull in omaha?
sooooo don't want to be at work!
wondering if i can make it 2 more weeks without taking a pto day      it would be nice to 5 extra days off in demeber 
omgosh    so board at work today 
"one who is born with an inate ability to be anyones best friend and in some rare cases, an even worse enemy  <propfirst>'s are usually very sexy, have a model swager, and enjoy the finer things in life  a hidden talent all <propfirst>'s share is the ability to soak in knowledge, and use it for the greater good, like ability to do great hair and make up!"
holy crap   my husband told me that i could go on a road trip to see daughtry without him    life is good!
"today's game - middle name only! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your profile, then put your middle name at the end of this sentence    michelle"
girls night out!
yay!  this is my friday!
off to a fun filled day at desoto with my daughter 5th grade class!
went on a long wonderful walk with my daughter around the lake     now i really and really want to go water skiing!
really wishing i had cable instead of satellite right now 
my vacation has officially startedm  off the next 10 days!
excited for the lakeland fireworks tonight 
"kids, lake and beverages   what could be any better?"
thank you for all the birthday wishes!
"so tell me what kinda of \work function\"" involves going to a strip bar?????"""
"attention!!!!!do not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\"" it is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos  this was on foxnews at 5  please copy and post!!! let's keep our children safe   if you already clicked like remove immediatley"""
looking forward to friday and 7 teenagers at scary acres!
finally got my flight info to go to kentucky next week for work   i am really going to miss my kids!
to all u shit heads who think it is funny to give me shit about flying   i will haunt u if something happens!
made it to kentucky  there is absolutly nothing that i have missed out on not flying   so to my dear friend melissa   u were wrong!  i will stick to my words- if i can't drive there then i don't need to go because if god wanted me to fly he would have given me wings!
"it is only \9 and already?"
whoooohooo!  off work till next thursday!
my kids are amazing!
had one one of the best times with mj and my husband at a bar in bennington!  who would of thought?
wth???  the snow needs to stop!
oh the good lord is really testing now!  please help me!
happy thanksgiving everyone 
<propfemale> christmas everyone 
"yum, granite city!"
just got back from the doctors and my baby girl has mono  boooohoooo sad 
i love that kid <propfirst> henson   he is driving over here just to bring toy story 3 over so my sick baby can watch it and give me a break!  he is the best ever!
"tear, tear "
"the bachelor is a dumbass   seriously, guys for this crap??"
very excited to have to day all to myself!
thank u beebe heating and ac for fixing the heat in my house the same day we called  maybe i can sleep tonight knowing my house is not going to burn down!
"at the \loose moose\""!  lmao """
