b90c3d1f0e9ff3524503c27df8595631
happy new year everyone!!! many many blessings to all my friends and family members! i'm thankful for all of you!!! smile 
thankful for awesome friends and family    thank god the bar is over
happy sabbath everyone!!!
i passed connecticut bar exam!!! god is great!!! esq baby!!!
happy sabbath everyone and thank you for your support now and always smile  god bless!!!
bon sabbat a tout <propfemale> monde!
we r the champions!!!! go yankees!!!!!!!!!!!
is breathing a little easier    thank god
"is thankful for family & friends    happy thanksgiving everyone! wishing you love, joy, peace, and happiness   "
"is thankful to everyone who came out to support mt  sinai's youth weekend and \just let me praise\"" last night  smile """
<propfirst> <propmale> & chosen by god in concert @ mt  <propfirst> sda church  tomorrow at 5 smile 0p m  be there!!!
joyeux <propfirst> a <propfemale> famille et mes amis! que dieu vous benisse!
"happy new year, best wishes & blessings from above to all"
black
praying for friends and family in haiti
"northeastern conference of seventh day adventists is looking for nurses, doctors (especially surgeons) and counselors who speak creole french and are able to volunteer to work in haiti  email me for more information "
"all of my family members in haiti on my dad's side are now accounted and are well! praise to god almighty!!! thank you to everyone who prayed for me and my family   i appreciate it more than you can know   please continue to pray for my family's friends and the people of haiti  also any doctors, nurses willing to go, please email me at jbyssainthe1@gmail com for more info "
i love all the birthday love!!! thanks you guys smile  i thank god for all of you and love you all  smile  and yes i'm back from haiti (for now) 
everything still hurts!!! everything!!!
esq  god is great smile   great job blsa!!!
r i p  <propfemale> copelon  to everything there is a season    you were more than an inspiration   the fight for women's rights will continue   
praying for the people of jamaica
hi everyone! i'm back from haiti  smile   thank you for your support and prayers smile  this was a very successful multi-disciplinary mission trip   the team did medical and public health work   but we also worked with kids and helped to construct temporary homes   the suffering and needs of the people of haiti remains great   but we can all help in some way   contact me to find out how smile   with love ~jo
