c60570e77dd5c7581d03e5fc068a7a4d
where's hope when misery keeps crawling?
got my hair did
is so happy for my cousin and his wife for the birth of their baby  smile 
arbys   rbs   roast beef   just figured that out 
"i love how one minute someone is there for me forever, then they pretend they don't know me  "
"comment me a color! black -i h?te you  pink -i f?ncy you  purple -i would d?te you  blue -i did love you  red -i do love you  silver -we ?re close  gold -i like you  green -i will ?lw?ys love you  orange -i think you’re sexy  yellow -you’re my best friend  brown -you’re funny  put this ?s your st?tus and see wh?t colours you get!\\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
getting my senior pictures done wednesday  smile 
at <propfemale>'s chillin  it's cool   
hey <propfemale> quiroa stop creepin on my posts  wink 
"hey! village idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals    yeah, i'm talking to you! do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are disrespecting gave his or her life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity! feel free to copy and post-i did because i wasn't afraid to e playful ress my undying gratitude to every single service person past, present and future "
might be getting a dachsund  smile 
don't pictures of shiny fruit make you smile?
watching titanic with grandma
like if you love me 
i don't know myself  
feels like someone just kicked my stomach  i wasn't e playful ecting that 
who doesn't love penguins   
what should i do before 2011 ends
"wow, why did i get gallbladder and adams apple mixed up  "
i'm tired of trying to impress people that tell me i'm inevitably going to be a loser   
gonna go play me some the sims 3
wow come on cards  boo  annoyed 
i love it when the  birds sing  smile 
"school, hospital, then gym  text it "
i need someone to cry on 
wham!bam! thank you ma'am!
what did the dentist go to the north pole    molar bear hahahaha
up to northern kentucky for the day  gonna visit my cousin and check out campus  text? thanksbye
"nku was great  i am scared, but looking forward to it  smile "
"see i haven't been to space before, but i ain't seen a face like yours "
love with my mind because it's my heart that has me here 
anybody have movie reccomendations?
i just drank lemonade and my legs are cold 0 0
watching listen to your heart
my mind went to a really scary place last night  live every day like it's your last  that's what i'm here to do 
managed to fight the battle of my cars anti-freeze
really wants a 64 gb itouch  smile 
excited for the weekend   laugh  i am starting to believe he does things for a reason 
it was good to see <propfirst> <propmale> yesterday  smile 
am i weird?   or do tit-tacs seem to taste of vanilla before mint?
cyber-bullying   not fun  annoyed 
so i should've stayed in a mental hospital and you're sorry but you can't be friends with an ugly psycho girl like me   *his name is <propmale> <propfirst> deckel  this lovely asswipe*
you just shot yourself in the foot   haha
almost done settling in  good storm  smile 
you're so hypnotizing  could you be the devil? could you be an angel?
kaseyquiroa@hotmail com = my email address
"just ate red tuna and salmon\sushi"
"make sure to tell her she is beautiful everyday  that way, she will begin to believe it "
had a good night last night on my date  smile 
