f29e200900dc8910afe94d30909ecd0a
gosh i cant believe school is already starting back  man it sucks cause in three weeks my <propfemale> is leaving to go to school too   sad 
waiting on my test scores for the act  : ( really worried i didnt do well
just got back from ramp fest  great day  just met two of my bros for the first time! lol
"congrats to <propmale> mathis our new county trustee!!! and to <propmale> moore our county mayor and <propfirst> ford road surerintendent and <propfirst> strange, sherriff "
"happy 18th birthday sis! love ya bunches  and happy 3rd birthday my little <propmale>! you have grown so much  i cant b<propmale>eve you can tlk already! your growing into a nice handsome young man like ur uncle <propfirst>, lol "
annoy a liberal: work hard and be happy!
cant wait to tlk to tj later  we went fishin yesterday  had lots of fun but didnt catch much 
just got home  the wagon wheel was so boring tonight  can't wait to go shopping in the morning!
"gettin ready to head to the fox den campground for a cook out, karaoke, swimmin, and fireworks wit the fam and some friends  can't wait to tlk to t j  later   smile "
bored wishin someone wld txt me  lol 
heading to a cookout today with some friends and the family  hopefully talk to t j  sometime later 
"well, gotta go to another baseball game tonight at the park  <propfirst>'s team lost last night, but hopefully they can do a bit better tonight "
just got home from the wagon wheel  had senior pics today and a pageant tonight  overall a great day 
don't understand guys sometimes  gosh they sure can be confusing  wishing i could talk to him 
had a great day today  just got back from knoxville with the fam  played legos with <propmale> kids and managed to cut my finger open on a lego  and its still bleeding!  sad  lol
just got back from the funeral home  gosh it has been such a long day! can't wait to baby sit again tomorrow! my finger still hurts tho   sad 
just got home a little while ago from the wagon wheel  can't wait to go to dillards in asheville again tm morning wit the fam and some friends  well heading to bed now gotta get up super early  ugh!  sad 
just got home from asheville  had a great day shopping  unfortunately not many sales but we did find some great stuff!
went to lmu today and loved it  definitely where i wanna go next year 
"going to apply today at carver's apple house  really hope i get the job  i need the money for school, lol "
going to a family reunion today with the fam and <propfemale> and d at the park  gosh i can't wait till school starts back!!!
"went to my first smokies game last night  it was terrific  would have been better if i actually understood the game, lol  the smokies won and newsong was in concert  they were awesome too "
heading to knox this morning with dad and the fam to see his heart consultant  hope everything goes well 
heading to karaoke cafe tonight wit some friends from the wagon wheel and the family for mamaw's birthday 
sitting at the house with the fam and <propfemale> carver  just hangin out  great sermon today on forgiveness  too bad some people didnt seem to pay attention 
had a great night wit my friend <propmale> at the fair and finally got to hear big brother <propmale> sing  who knew he had talent? lol
boring night at the fair  hopefully tomorrow will be better wit <propmale> <propmale> and <propfemale> there 
"had a great day yesterday  went to cades cove with the fam, <propmale>, and his family  they seem like really great people, and they actually seem to like me, lol "
just got back from church  gotta make dinner tonight  i think maybe chicken cassarole and chocolate turtle pie  hope <propmale> gets off work in time 
¨headin to bed finally  just finished redecorating my room! i love it  dont think its been this clean in a long time  lol  gotta work tm night again  hope
"got my play cast today and just got back from the gear up thing at cchs, hope i get better b4 work tm night  really miss my <propfemale>   sad "
"long day      don't wanna go to work or school tomorrow   sad  o well, gotta do what ya gotta do "
"ugh so busy  gotta finish paper due friday, field trip tomorrow, work tuesday and thursday, play practice every day, sleepin beauty thursday, pageant sat"
urday and two plays and another pageant next weekend  but i finally get to see my sister and nieces soon!  smile 
at work  hope we get busy soon  really miss my <propfemale>  hope to see him tm 
just finished my senior pics  they look really good!  smile 
just got my acceptance letter yesterday! yay!  smile 
such a long day  cant wait till school and work tm  hope gunslingers show went well tonight and cant wait to tlk to <propmale> later!
so sick  just got back from the doctor  i feel horrible  gonna take a nap soon hopefully 
headin to the wagon wheel  hate that boyfriend and <propfemale> and <propmale> wont be there tho   sad  o well guess i just <propfemale> wit the other family tonight 
so tired gotta get ready for the party tho  should be lots of fun
"*long day  school was boring, work was dead cuz of rain, came to the conclusion cena didnt run away, and men never wanna tlk  you cant have a strong rel i"
long busy day at work  really miss <propmale> alot  cant wait to see him next weekend!
great day at church! got to watch my baby bro get baptized  just wish my grandpa coulda been there  he would have been so happy 
goin to spend time wit <propmale> and the other family  smile 
yay <propfirst> won!
missing <propmale> bunches! can't wait to see him saturday 
"a modest proposal, great story and kind of funny! lol"
finally got to talk to <propmale>  can't wait to see the new gunslinger pics!
i dont get jealous when i see my ex wit someone else cuz my mother always told me to give me old toys to the less fortunate
really miss my homey  cant wait to see him tomorrow  hope the show goes well for the guys tonight  wish i could be there
"*had a great time wit my <propfemale> tonight made sugar cookies  we got <propfemale> clause, angels, hearts, trains, and ninja stars(dannys idea lol) still waitin to h"
*ear from dads doctor  please keep him in your prayers 
such a long day at work  gosh im tired  finally heard from dad's doctor  appointment on the 10th  please keep prayin
@sittin here wit <propmale>  finally headin to bed after a long day of cleaning and preparing for tm  havin lots of family and friends over for a late lunch th
"@en dinner wit the other family tm night  hope everyone has a happy blessed thanksgiving! \*~*tabbymarie*~*"
"best country song lyrics ever: be a best friend, tell the truth, overuse i love you, go to work, do your best, dont out smart your commonsense, never let"
" your prayin knees get lazy, always treat your woman like a lady  never get too old to call her baby, and love like crazy  smile "
sittin wit my <propfemale> at the living christmas tree!  smile  hate the other family couldnt come today tho  miss them bunches 
"reat day so far, no school but gotta get ready for work  just finished my big english paper due tomorrow "
"i don't understand people  why in the middle of august, when it is like 80 degrees outside, order a hamburger steak? then in december, when its 30 degrees out, order banana splits and milk shakes?  easy day at work though  not too busy  cut my foot open though and it hurts very badly   sad "
he holds the key to my heart and understands how fragile i am  don't know what i would do without him  he is the answer to my prayers  love you <propmale> 
finally finished with the act  hoping to score a little better and get that full ride at lmu  wasn't too hard though  easier than the other times
never let go of the one person who holds your love in his heart than anyone you ever been with
never let go of the one who holds your love deeper in his heart than anyone you ever been with 
got a 28 on my act!!!! so very happy!!!
had a wonderful weekend with the <propfemale> and aunt <propfemale>  finally learned how to play halo!
wishin it would stop snowing  hope the roads clear up b4 friday so <propmale> and i can spend his bday together  i was sooooo looking forward to school tm and startin new  classes  guess i will just have to wait   sad 
ur a part time lover & a full time friend the monkey on ur back is the latest trend i dont c wat any1 can c n any1 else but u
happy bday sweetie  smile 
"spent the day with my <propfemale>, <propfemale>, d, and the family  waitin on <propmale> to get off halo tho so i can go to bed "
does anyone know if grammer school is open tm?
"spent the day with mom, dad, <propfemale>, and d  had a great time but seriously tired  gotta work tomorrow so headin to bed early tonite  wish the snow would stop cuz i miss school "
playing halo with the bf and some friends  really cant wait till karaoke tm nite at the wagon wheel 
"heading to bed after a long day  i really miss him a lot  hope to talk to him again soon  he is really a great guy  don't know what i ever did without him, lol   grand opening for the new karaoke business in cosby, the shed, will be feb  26 @ 6 surprise 0 p m "
waitin on dano to get done with his car gauges so we can play halo  can't wait to go to school tomorrow!!!  smile 
",long day, been lazy lol  went to karaoke tonight and had fun but i miss my <propfemale>  and looked at dogs all day  i really want a bernese mountain dog! but i"
i want a bernese mountain dog but cant find a cheap one! and i really miss my <propfemale> 
found out i got strep!  sad  hope it goes away before choir practice and the pageant sunday 
missed school today  wish i could have gone but had to go to the dr  turns out i got strep  ugh! hope to get better before the pageant sunday tho  heading to youth group tonite  cant wait to tlk to my sweetheart later  i miss him so much! can't wait till he gets back!
headin to church then gettin ready for the pageant in knox  kinda nervous now wish he was going   heart-broken 
"prettiest hair, eyes, and first alternate  cant wait till state!  smile "
really missing him alot! it sucks  i love you <propfemale>   love 
"sanother long day of school  then tm the opening of the shed! 6 to whenever  come enjoy karaoke, concessions, dancing and more all in a family atmosphere!"
s hope to see everyone there! across the street from cosby high school at the old bbq garden 
does anyone know the songs we sang sunday at church
wish this guy would call me out the dog 
in town wit mom buyin stuff for the shed tonight  hope to see lots of ppl out there!
"wonderful day with the family and em  went out to eat and to the movies  saw just go with it and it was great! <propfemale> said after dinner, \we should go to a mattress store and try out the mattresses \"" and had a great time visiting with my sister this morning  miss the kids so very much! can't wait to see them again  and since i don't have anyone this year mommy went and bought me another sock monkey!  smile  i love it!!!"""
"found a puppy today, also  hopefully getting him  his name is bear and he is a 3 month old australian shepard  he is beautiful!"
"a woman loves beyond her questions, dreams beyond her doubts, her heart will lead and she will follow even when there's no way out  her eyes refuse to see the danger as she walks right through the fire  a man may ive himself to passion and <propfemale>, but a woman loves          heart-broken "
just got off the phone with the lady who has the puppy! hopefully picking him up wednesday while in knoxville  can't wait to see the little guy!  smile 
heard from the lady today they wanna keep the puppy   sad 
?_trong and true  baby i still believe in you and me 
"?_for all the times i have give me the <propmale> to prove that nothings worth losing you, i still believe in you with a love that will always be standing so s"
went to childrens hospital today  gotta go friday for more tests at the hospital in town  prolly have surgery this time  hopefully before grad and the state pageant 
had an untrasound and hida scan today  radiologist said he didnt see anything wrong but gotta wait on the lady from childrens to call for any further steps 
at a wedding rehearsal  waiting on my sister to call 
"another busy day      fist a wedding, <propfirst>'s ballgame, a reception till 8, a horse association banquet, and getting stuff ready ready for <propmale> to run the shed tonight "
do we have school tm
went shoppin today at the e playful o center  bought some more foreign coins! they are awesome  absolutely love them   smile 
"another day of school then choir practice and work, hope i'm not getting pneumonia gotta sing at biltmore tm wit the school choir "
had tests at children s today  all went well: thanks so very much for all the prayers and words of encouragement 
heading to winter jam wit the church!  smile 
getting ready to head to womens group tonight at the hickson's  taking a butter finger cake and pizza! yummy!
"a soul mate is someone who understands you like no other, loves you like no other, will be there for you forever, no matter what  they say that nothing lasts forever, but i am a firm believer in the fact that, for some, love lives on even after we are gone  (from \p s  i love you\"")   love   smile """
the great depression - prozac was invented six decades too late  smile 
the far left- they get high <propfemale> for some   smile 
"communists- from each according to their ability, to each according to their need  i need a new ferrari!"
televangelists old time religion goes high def
