04b0bb293467cf1ca1f2853178715510
"nigger getting payed ,,,,,,,getting payed"
i got up today and hit my head i looked up over my head i sad wtf and how the hell  i want chicken i want liver meow meow meow    ?_? x)
sad and lonely day  annoyed 
should abandoned pup's be put to sleep  annoyed \
i need a life       
i don't want to go to work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wanna date  dam it
<propfirst> <propfemale> and i are getting wasted smile 
drunk  and hating a x master that fuccked my live over aand makes me want to die
i hate being fucking alone
if i said you could do enything you want to me  what would you do?
"depressed as fuck\  annoyed "
i want some fucking puntang
who wants to start a cult? we can do late night walking on the beach by torch light and i will bring the fruit punch  smile 
"it ,,,,,it         it is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cold!  annoyed "
one last smoke and then dead for 12 hour's
"people running ,,, children crying ,,,, tonight is a great night for the dieing   if you can't comprehend my fore-shadow's will then tonight my friends we will have a thrill   run ,die, fight and kill!!!"
time for some sleep  smile  thank god!!!!!!
what are the reasons to live? i found one and lost it  now i'm just a zombie w8ing for the next  bullet to reach my head  i have a question for each one of you what keeps you breathing?
got the new cod and a big bag of green  smile  it's going to be a nice night 
"i love cod ,come play me on your 360, game tag- < midnightxmare >"
"sunday, monday, happy days \tuesday, wednesday, happy days \thursday, friday, happy days \the weekend comes,\my cycle hums,\ready to race to you "
nothing pisses me off more then being called in to work on my day off annoyed  i hate closing a fucking bar 
i have the net at my house  smile 
i need a life  annoyed 
get the frut's out of my dreams 
sick as a dog and the pain keeps me up!!!!!!      been up alllllll dam night  sad 
"in case you haven't noticed\it's jesus's birthday \so get off your heathen muslim ass\and fucking celebrate "
off to work  annoyed  hoot hoot
were are you dr  feel good 
 sad 
fuck me like you hate me!
sweet no work for 6 day's                now what to do? @_@
"been up for hour's ,drained of power, hibernate     "
fuck you???(?_?)??? and the <propmale> you came on 
"help, my ass to my feet feel asleep on the toilet "
my mom put me in jall  annoyed  wtf  http annoyed  www pcsoweb com inmatebooking subjectresults aspx?id=1439931
"of all the things i miss, i miss my mind the most "
i hate fucking baby's
9 am may be to early to drink but i have nutting else to stop and vary painful tooth throb that i have had all night to stop me from sleeping  sad 
all work and no play make <propfirst> a dull boy 
wtb life
why o why am i friends with the people on fb  that knowing whats going on in their lives just makes me sick 
