03d55f559e4a62967ae502d89dd7c57c
ok  what's going on tonight? where is my blue <propfemale>?? you only get so many of these a year and obviously there won't be anymore this year  psh  clouds on a full <propfemale>? it's not fair i tell ya!  playful 
"who said they didn't want the snow? granted, we got all of this seasons downfall at once, but it's so beautiful outside  it's so quiet  got my tea and my hoodie  i'm ready for the snow  bring it on!  laugh "
if i don't start how am i gonna finish?
made homemade mac-n-cheese! mmmmm!!!!
i plan on making tomato soup from scratch  reading the recipe i need vegetable stock  so i'm making my own right now!
"made my tomato soup from scratch  you could really taste the celery, which we justified as 'summer-fying'   laugh "
going to cedar point tomorrow!! i'm pumped!!
cedar point was awesome! we made record timing all day! (sorry i didn't bring everyone   playful )
needs a new job! something to spice things up  my job is getting monotonous 
is trying to take life more seriously    i don't know if i want to    i'll figure that out later   playful 
day 1 of the 'keep on the watch' district convention was great!!! excited for day 2 and 3!  laugh 
alright!! day 2 of the district convention was awesome too! i never really liked symposiums until last year  this years are great! pumped for the drama!  laugh 
day 3 was phenomenal! the drama gave me chills! the 9-part symposium was outstanding      i want to go again   playful 
i feel like i just wasted an hour and a half of my life   
i'm painting my room today!!! i think i'm excited   playful  it's time to move on  say your last goodbyes handprints  we'll miss you dearly!  laugh 
mulched the yard  my back is as red as a lobster   sad  but i know it's gonna turn into a great tan  <propfirst> doesn't stay burnt long   playful  (and yes  i referred to myself in the third person  lol)
doing cleaning at the house today! this party is gonna kill us all  i just know it   playful 
today is cleanup day at the antolik's! we always have one of these after 'wild parties'  not that exciting  and who's big idea was it to leave the back door open all day? flies everywhere! shoo fly! go on  shoo!!
dad: when are you going to finish unloading the dishwasher? me: after i start unloading it! mwahahaha   
"one manager told me that he wants me to work more because i'm \one of the best employees\""  then my boss sent me home 30min early because she says \""i'm bad at my job\""  how bipolar!!  playful """
went to the medina county fair yesterday! saw the demolition derby  was awesome! watching cars smash into each other was more fun then i would've imagined  lol  #6 in the 'subcompact' league gets <propmale> props!  laugh 
another lazy summer day    i have a lot of those   playful 
"saw the new video 'the wonders of creation reveal god's <propfemale>'  very well done!! if you haven't seen it, you have to! definitely makes me appreciate creation a lot more "
no work for 2 weeks!!! (i'm gonna need the monies though  fund collection starting immediately   playful ) pioneer school starts monday!! woot woot 
just picked up my book for pioneer school!! so much studying!!    i've actually never been excited to study in my life!  playful 
looking forward to day 2 of pioneer school  i already didn't even want to go home today! into the field tomorrow!!  nervous and  excited 
"day 2 went very well! service wasn't so bad  after i 'botched up' the first door, the rest went great! and i learned today that the instructors are having just as much fun with you as you are with them! (read in an undertone  psh!    long story)  playful "
day 3!! class discussion on head coverings went a lot longer than planned   playful  but still really good!
just finished studying for day 5! looking forward to service!! that never happens   playful 
 nervous  i have the weekend to myself  i feel like i should study hard right now and go to bed early for class tomorrow    i better make time for studying!!!  playful 
"if i don't walk away from this computer and study, i know for a fact i never will get to it!"
needing sleep  i never need sleep  that's always been optional  but i presume that's what this feeling is in my eye  *you know what happens when you 'presume'    you 'press you to me'  ew  wait*
tomorrow is the last day of pioneer school    sad 
     today is the first meeting since pioneer school    why am i nervous?? it's not like i've never been to meeting!  nervous?
so meeting went well! i don't know why i was so nervous  but it's all good! (i only commented once )  playful 
"do you know what it's like to be the first person in a contact list? people open their phone to call someone, see your name and don't call you!! it's hurtful is what it is!!      if you don't have my number, it's for the best   playful "
just took a quiz and found out that i'm just like chandler from friends!!  laugh  the description is me in a nutshell!  laugh 
has a stupid sore throat and runny nose  (i blame work  sickies everywhere!) has plans for tonight to go see bugs <propfemale> at <propfemale>  should i go and get everyone else sick? or stay home and get better?
staying home tonight to get better  <propfirst> wanted me to go with him to a bonfire  i'm not going to go to someone else's house that i don't even know  just to blow my nose in a strangers house! to sneeze and cough on people i don't know! staying home seems like the smarter choice!! ugh 
eating super-cheesy pepperjack cheese eggs for breakfast!     i have work today  1-5pm  right in the middle of the day! so far the eggs are the only thing i have going for me   playful 
you can now be my fan! how exciting for you!  laugh 
"last night was a lot of fun!! too bad it's over  i don't know why i enjoyed it so much, but if i had to relive another day, yesterday would be that day!  laugh "
brb 
"i'm running a tight schedule tomorrow  so don't get in my way  (i'm really not intimidating, am i?)"
baby? <propfemale>!
                  just found out that a friend of mine on facebook is no longer my friend    when i clicked on their picture to see what's new with them (i feel like a stalker on fb) it said 'add friend'    but they were already!!! how disappointing  
got paid today   and had to give 200 of it to insurance  sometimes i wish someone else would pay for that   playful 
"dad: i want to   um   you know what i'm trying to say  aaron: no dad, i don't  you haven't said anything!"
"i don't care who you are, never tell someone that you're vulnerable! especially when you are!"
so    i've decided that some people shouldn't have a facebook account  can i get a 'woop woop'?? (i'm really white!)
today was officially my first time in rush-hour traffic  really wasn't too bad  i'm a very calm driver as it is  after i dropped off <propfirst> i drove around <propmale> (because i could) and saw some really cool buildings  <propmale> isn't that scary during the morning as it is at night   playful 
"i cleaned the entire house today  then people came over and trashed it  i cleaned up everything tonight  after i'm all done, <propmale> needed a pillow  <propfirst> yelled at me and told me to get <propmale> a pillow, since 'i'm not doing anything'  i cleaned the house for his party  cleaned up after his party! and then he tells me that i'm not doing anything?? if he wasn't already in a neck brace i would've put him in one!"
"when did the song lyric become so famous? why do people post song lyrics on their status at all? \aaron's status: it's too late to apologize \""      bad example   but you know what i mean! it's not how you're feeling  it's just something that you enjoy hearing    why does this bother me??"""
"went to a place called steak escape in strongsville  got a huge baked potato for dinner  you ready for this? 1 1 4 lb potato, steak or chicken, bacon, sour cream, cheddar cheese, onions, bbq sauce and cajun seasonings  this thing was massive and tasted wonderful! i highly recommend the $6 50  it took over half an hour to eat! mmmm "
"it's beautiful today! i wanna go for a hike or something, but i don't want to get the group together  so you make the group and i'll decide which one to join   playful "
since i'm captain obvious   it's cold outside!! brrr    
i made this great peach pie for today     now i have no party to take it to so i wanna share it  i only made one so i'm taking orders   playful 
heard <propmale> fosters talk this morning  was great! he made copies for those who know him and want one  it's already on my ipod   playful 
so weather outside is great! but there is one thing that i don't like about today    those stupid japanese beetles!! they are all over the house trying to get in  i had to hurry and close the door! i look stupid trying to hide from these things   warn your friends and your family! the beetles are back!!  run!!!
"i don't like not being invited to things  but i'll tell ya what, it is fun finding a way to get invited   playful "
i'm actually making dinner tonight!!  laugh  pasta with a vodka cream sauce  thanks <propfemale>  let's see if it turns out for me   playful 
"if there is one thing i learned today it would be this: \be careful when making dinner  you only wind up hurt in the end \""  playful """
burning the top of your mouth really takes the fun out of eating  but that doesn't stop me from trying!  laugh 
    i'm not worried that <propfemale> told me today that i would make a great stay-at-home dad! in fact  i'm honored! who wouldn't want to stay at home and not go to work?  laugh 
it's late  i have to work tomorrow  i'm kinda tired  but it's a full <propfemale>! how can i resist going for a walk on a night like this? i can't  so i'm going to listen to my 'moonlit walk' mix from ally and take my rat baby for a walk down the drive  life doesn't get better!  laugh 
i had to be at work at the ungodly hour of 5 smile 0am  after words i did some running around and got pooped beyone compare  so i went and took a 7hour 'nap'  now it's 12 smile 7 am and i'm wide awake  and this is why i don't take naps!! throws my entire cycle out of wack  ugh      i need to go to bed    but i can't! i clearly didn't think this through at all 
so why is 'facebook' a misspelled word when on facebook? and why does 'verizon' not show up as a word when you have a verizon phone? i'd understand if you said 't-mobile' while using verizon  i wouldn't like it if you said someone elses name instead of mine either   playful 
last night i finally put my hammock up in my room  it's been 4 years in the making  and last night was the big day!  laugh  i love having it  especially in the house   playful 
i wanna make mini pies today   but i can't seem to get motivated!  sad 
i made my mini pies! only took me in to the next day to get motivated  but i'm all done!  laugh 
spent the day with <propfirst> and hudson  was a wonderful 'do nothing' day!  laugh 
i'm just a boy! c i n d y ? !
"i can't decide if i should leave the house on black friday? i was smart and took off work   now what to do with my free time? i'm also thinking of going in to get coffee, just to rub in their faces that i don't have to work! woot woot!  playful "
"oh no!! tomorrow starts christmas music at work! if i have to hear another version about that stupid reindeer with the red nose, ima kill him!"
i had an apple for breakfast  my dad's reply: 'an apple? that's it??     good for you ' not sure how to take that   playful 
today is one of those days! not so good   
i love hearing great news about old friends  warms the cockels of my heart!  laugh 
loves typos  it's great when one misplaced letter changes the entire word and you look like a fool in the end!  laugh 
"my dad walks in the door with a 6 pack and says to <propfirst> 'oh, i didn't you were gonna be home'  almost like he's hiding an addiction or something   maybe that's where i get it from   playful "
"today is the first of december  the first day of the last month of the year  if now isn't the time to set goals then when should i? i have so many plans, but not enough motivation to <propfemale> them out  someone be my personal motivator  i need you  now accepting applications   playful "
"planning on going to ikea today! i doubt i'll buy anything, i just like going   playful "
"lost father: may have reward  probably not, though   playful "
"why do people, who have never met me, constantly request to be my friend? \psh  you don't know me!\"""""
a persons refrigerator says alot about them  mine is filled with panera food  i think it means that i'm cheap and really appreciate the free food!  laugh  (tell me what your fridge is telling you!)
feeling productive  did some things i wanted to do and its only 11:45  now i have the day to bum  nothing new there   playful 
had a great day in service! i was more upbuilt than anything else i could've done today!  laugh 
i finished everything i needed to do by 1 surprise 0pm!  laugh  and this time they were real chores   playful 
who doesn't love a good leftover for breakfast?  laugh 
finally snow! what took you so long??
it's beautiful out!  laugh  i'm looking forward to the full <propfemale> with the snow  mmmmm   it's awesome out here on nights like that! especially with a snowman mug full of hot tea  i can't wait!!!  laugh  2 more days and counting!
work just called me and so kindly called me off  no work! snow day!! woot woot! who ever said i didn't like panera?!  laugh 
"i started exercising today  finally gave in to myself and set a goal  i don't know where the motivation came from, but let's chain it to the ground so it doesn't go anywhere!"
ok! so a little bit ago i started noticing that people were posting colors on fb  i didn't realize they were 'panty colors'  so when you say 'black' i commented 'white'  when you say 'yellow' i said 'blue'  now i feel stupid  but you should feel stupid for telling everyone your undy color  tsk tsk on you!  playful 
i wanna see avatar again!! one time is not enough!
hi  i like you  let's date  i love you  let's get married  next month? perfect!  laugh 
oh the rumors i've started! and the repercussions will be great indeed!
"ok  so to calm you all down, it was a joke  i've learned from this today that if this ever happens you all will be happy for me  thanks  so you can stop calling me and start calling all the people you called to tell them the 'great news'  don't lie to me  i know you told someone else  it's what you do   playful "
"i got my first email scam!! how exciting!! \indicate your interest to receive the transfer of (us$9 5) million 50% for me and 50% for you\"" had scam writen all over it  i feel so cool now! lol """
"my eyes are saying 'go to bed, stupid' but my bouncing leg is telling me 'stay up and party!!'  shut up leg   playful "
07 32 38
even on my days off i find myself eating panera 
why? why? why?
"if you want a burrito, you can have another bite of mine   playful "
welcome to today!!
"out of around 100 people, all but one didn't wear plaid  hooray for success!  laugh "
never drink and bake! you'll stop measuring altogether! this crust has too much better    er    butter    never drink and type   playful 
"i hate when you look your school up, year and all, you always find people who clearly graduated like 10years before that  why don't people know when they graduated?"
"by how did you recieve the wedgies, when you are clearly not a wearer of the underpants?"
no one rofl's in real life!  playful 
i haven't posted anything on fb in a long time!! since january 26    oh   wait  that was literally last week  now i feel stupid   playful 
"tata is always right  if tata says the world is flat, you say ok!"
i think <propfemale> is on pbs right now  and i'm missing it? not today!  playful 
i think i'm gonna get my hair cut  not all off  just most of it 
why is it when my bro is inviting people i get yelled at when the house is dirty? the books and mess all around the house are his things!! this is stupid  i'm not even gonna be home tonight!!
<propmale> bruised me  allysa(is that her name?) will never be my friend  i was accused of being a drunk    just your average night at the bees 
got my hair cut  don't hate me  it's short  but that's ok  it'll grow back 
"sadly running out of ideas for baking  i need your creative juices  at the moment i know i wanna make something else, i just don't know what "
"am i really that popular that i need a calendar? i love my calendar, but sadly i'll have to squeeze you in  it's the burden i must <propfemale> "
learned today that bubble wrap is like catnip for humans 
kids have better toys than we did when we were little  i'm jealous! i want a '<propfirst> jump up'!!  playful 
"i made my <propmale>-n-cheese again tonight  i had a bunch of elbow <propmale>aroni still to use  but <propfirst> antolik polomsky and <propmale> came over tonight so i made them some  but instead of boring <propmale> i added red and orange peppers with some sausage, too  next time   a stronger cheese! but yum!!!  laugh "
you know it's getting warmer out when the 'ladybugs' start showing up all over the house again 
"i hear my dog whimpering  i look for her all over  i'm even checking closets, just in case  you know where i find her? in the shower! she jumped in and couldn't find her way out  ha ha  silly dog "
i'm sick of driving a gas guzzler!
"i just want leftover rice  but to get to it i have to go through 3 layers of leftovers  of course, my rice is on the bottom! who in their right mind combines leftovers together? they should stay in their own container  'where should i put these leftovers?' 'oh, just put them on top of yesterdays ' i think my rice has been eaten and now i just have a plate of mystery food  mmmm   mystery food    "
saw '<propfemale> in wonderland'  now i wanna read the book  both of them  even though i'll probably not understand 1800's humor literature 
going to kalahari tomorrow!! i've never been there so i'm excited! woot woot!  laugh 
kalahari was awesome!  laugh  i had a great time  i did try the surfing  good lord  let's not talk about that  lol  tried practically everything! and i even got to have a drink in the hot tub bar  that was cool!  laugh 
"i'm excited that you're excited about the stupid things that i get excited about  lol  oh, gabby dawson  lol "
at this moment i have 365 friends on facebook  one for every day of the year  this is gonna be the best year ever!  laugh 
gonna go shopping to look old  only a few have this e playful ertise   playful 
got some house-cleaning today  also need to find a great hat! and work later  the hat is at the top of the list   playful 
i love thunderstorms!! but i still get scared when lightening strikes and my house shakes    you can find me under my bed 
all i have to say is: when i wake up we better have water!!
yesterday was garbage  i miss my tata 
"my hair is coming back! it's still short, but at times i can't tell where my sideburns should start end "
memorial night!!  laugh 
"so i find myself addicted to facebook, like most of us late night commenters are  so for the month of april i'll be conducting an e playful eriment on myself  i'm gonna stay away from facebook for the entire month  no more notification emails  no random checking to see who commented on what  but no worries  i won't be deleting my fb  i'll just be on hiatus  so have a good month! see you all when i get back on may 1st "
"it's been 30 days since i was here last  oh, how i've missed you all  i just hope that the feeling is mutual  staying away for the month wasn't as hard to do as i thought it would be  i might do this again sometime  just not yet  but give me some time, i plan on reading every comment  i apologize in advance if i don't comment back "
bam!
is a fan of screening calls from <propfirst> that aren't in my phone 
had french toast this morning!! oh how i've missed this   playful 
finished reading my book  any ideas for a second one?
pierogis for dinner  i made them! me! but if they turn out bad i don't care  i'll be eating them anyway      even if it's by myself   playful 
pumped for my roadtrip! nc here we come     in 3 days!! woot! bought walkie talkies for the car ride  *breaker breaker 19257893425  we're in the car  over *
"skipped service this morning to do my bible reading  and i'm quite happy with my decision  don't worry, i'm going out this afternoon "
what are the chances of running into someone you know from high school in north <propfemale>? at a walmart?? i don't know the number it happened 
"is making a strawberries and cream cobbler  sadly, didn't notice the yeild serves 4  i need more than that  but it still sounds good "
i love my nephew! i got to babysit him for my sister tonight  he's a little chub-ball of happy!     take that <propmale> starkey!
quick  when downloading stuff from watchtower what format do i choose? mp3 or aac 
i downloaded all the new music from watchtower  i can't do anything with that though because now my computer says it has no room! stupid thing 
feeling much better today  last night didn't go well for me  but i still had a good time overall   playful 
   
wow  i'm just sitting here and i got real dizzy  for a second the room was moving      until then i was having a good morning   playful      wait  still am!!!  laugh 
tomorrow will be 73 degrees with a slight <propmale> of rain in the evening  5 seconds from now will be awesome with a slight <propmale> of the best day of my life! yo!
my dad put a password on the computer and forgot what it was  this is the second time he's done that  i don't think he should ever be allowed to think that they are a good idea 
"oh percocet , oh percocet, i take you when i'm hurting   you stop my pain, make me insane, and make me talk like a crazy!  ( <propfirst> schilling)"
got my official panera name badge! now i'm an official panera manager!     for the second time! let's hope this time around is better  at least <propfirst> wonder isn't there  and <propmale> starkey is leaving soon  just kidding you guys      but seriously   playful 
"<propfirst> made ribs for dinner tonight  they tasted like raw fish  when i asked him about it he said 'yeah, i don't think the meat was good  so i just covered it with alot of bbq sauce ' it didn't make me feel any better about eating it  didn't stop me from trying it though!"
got sunburnt last monday  then burned the burn on saturday      i don't hurt at all! and no that is not sarcasm 
needs a great karaoke song!
finished reading my book last night!! between a rock and a hard place  would definitely read it again  good thing i own it   playful 
the convention this weekend was great! wrote (so sleepy) and (distracted) in my notes in places where it applied  so later it'll e playful lain why i have 1 or 2 lines for a speakers part   playful 
"aaron: \where you at?\"" dad: \""you home?\""     is it really that difficult to answer the question? instead it was decidedly better to ask me? ugh """
you know when you're looking at baby pictures and you come across a picture that the baby is just so cute you can't help but smile and laugh? is it wrong that i can't stop smiling at my baby picture? i was just so darn cute!  playful 
you don't know what you have until it's gone 
pumped for c4!! who's with me?  playful 
i'm scared of <propmale>  but i have to go      anyone wanna come and protect me?     seriously 
!!!!!!
"my district manager came in today  he asked me if i was smiling when talking to customers  i said 'of course!' and then he told me that i was the panera version of <propfirst> bieber  not so sure what it meant, but i guess it was supposed to be funny  i just don't get it "
will be watching a friends house this week  if you are also watching a friends house this week let me know  *wink wink*
sitting here using stolen wifi while my friends cat keeps clawing at my feet and the dog is never done being starved for affection  so far day 1 of housesitting is going well   playful 
"day 2 of housesitting: today went well  sadly, my alarm never went off so i had to go to afternoon meeting  then i miscalculated how long it would take to get there and i was late anyway (only be 5min)  hopefully this cat will stop gnawing on me  i have cuts all over me  we'll see how tomorrow goes "
learned that stolen wifi isn't the most reliable   
saw someones last name at the library that sounds like mine  andzelik   playful 
put <propfemale> <propfemale> mcelrath 90s mix on my ipod  took a little effort but got all the song titles  now just working on a cd cover for it 
if anyone has any information that will help me get past a firewall that would be great  it's been about 3hours and my download is only at 2%  i've been all over the place researching e playful lanations and there are none  the reason i'm given is 'your computer appears to be behind a firewall'  if it seriously takes 85hours to finish i'm going to through my computer out into the neighbors field while he is plowing  ugh!
dear <propfirst> <propfemale>  you're garbage! love <propfirst> <propfirst> 
cream of wheat does not like me as much as i like it 
blizzard sent me an email telling me how to fix my computer troubles  it was too long to read  so i just deleted the failed patch and it let me download the new one  i don't know why it took me so long to think of something so simple!
i was gonna do dishes but the dishwasher is full of dirty dishes already     guess i'll wait for one load to finish before i do the next   playful 
"\what's an elk?\"" \""it's like a small rodent \"""""
rode the 4-wheeler around today! i loved every minute of it    until i fell off  but overall i still enjoyed myself 
it is literally impossible to put my right shoe on before my left 
i started a download on the 17th  finally hit 99% just before i left for work  i get home to find out we lost power in the storm  are you kidding?? thankfully it didn't have to start over but it still has some more to go   sad 
3rd download? this will never end!!
4th??? seriously?? each taking forever!
went to bodies    the exhibition and it was awesome! then after ate at zoup! what a good afternoon!
i need another awesome profile pic  i haven't changed it in a long time  which is good and boring wrapped up into one  so please find me another great pic of me!!!
"went to melt bar and grilled  first time and it was awesome! got the big popper! mmm    also got the pumpkin spice martini  not enough pumpkin, but perfect amount of vodka "
i don't have a voice  yesterday was raspy  today nothing  i'm practically a loud whisper! lol 
"my voice is almost here!!! oh, how the world has missed you!"
had a productive morning  washed all my meeting shirts and changed 4 light bulbs! what a good start   playful 
recent fan of family video! just got a five night rental for  53cents! can't beat that!
i'm getting my suit tailored today by <propfemale> bauer  how exciting! maybe it'll fit me this time 
great wedding!!! go truitts!!
today started off well  woke up early (8 smile 0) went to the bathroom to do my 'morning business'  that's when it went downhill  just found out we have no water  gonna be a 'crappy' day!  playful 
i bought smirnoff espresso vodka and baileys <propfemale>  mix that and pumpkin pie spice flavored syrup! mmmm  in for a good evening  scratch that! great evening!!
"oh baby, you taste like a loose change  ugh  pennies "
do people really have nothing else to do instead of trying to steal my blizzard account info? i was just on 'lock down' because of account security  it's a video game  seriously? what do you get out of it?
"did some 'winter cleaning'  removed some friends from my list  went from 450 to 340  congrats to those who made the cut  to those who didn't: it's not that we aren't friends  but we haven't been in contact for so long because our lives took us in different directions  no, i don't hate you  it's facebook  don't take it so seriously "
\i know how you feel  no," seriously  i feel peoples feelings \"" -jesse j  marandola \"03d55f559e4a62967ae502d89dd7c57c,we just got netflix on the wii! i'm so excited to stay home and watch some movies this winter!
finished reading the history of love last night  it was ok  alot going on  the ending kinda left me hanging  but when i think about it it was still a good way to end it      any suggestions for a new book??
"my dad is listening to people playing the violin, poorly i might add, in order to see how he compares      someone shoot me now!"
already downloading  how exciting!!
"dad: \i want you to bathe your dog today  that means giving her a bath \"""""
i am so pumped for the assembly this weekend  my suit is already put together and my books and notepad are already on the table      now i just need to finish learning the new songs and we're good!
if anyone can think of some places to eat after the assembly  text me becuase i will not be checking fb this weekend  so busy!  playful 
"my profile shows that i'm single again      for the record, i've always been single!  playful "
i got my first car! 2011 chevy cruze  i finally have a vehicle i can drive out in service      and yes i'm still keeping my truck 
awesome day in service!! who would've thunk that people would be home this morning and willing to talk about christmas?!  playful 
total sickie today  why can't i throw up when my body clearly needs to?!
feeling better today! eating toast helped  thanks for your 'get well' wishes   playful 
my dad and i took a walk in the woods  great day to do it! didn't see any life other than <propfemale> running all over the place 
good day in my book      go today!
"just ordered the never ending story as the next book i plan on reading  loved the movie growing up, so why not read the book? i haven't read a book that was made into a movie so this is going to be interesting  (but i have read a book that was made into a movie after i read it )  playful "
watched a terrible movie last night  the island of doctor moreau  i don't know if it's because it's old and poorly directed  but waste of a good hour and a half of sleep 
i want to go get a haircut  but it's cold outside   
got my haircut  the elements couldn't keep me in  even though i wanted them to   playful 
"thank you, netflix! i love that i am reunited with tv shows i used to watch like roswell tv and <propfirst> <propfemale> adventures  oh the memories!"
"grilled cheese, you're a hot mess   playful "
friday: gave dog a bath  took collar off  saturday: dog goes missing at 3 smile 0pm  find out she's at the medina county animal shelter at 8:45pm  sunday: shelter closed  monday: find out they are still closed because of <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> day      i just want my dog back!!! they are only open 10-4 and i work tomorrow 8-4  gah!! my heart just sank   
got my dog back!!!!! even got her a new tag   playful  this is not happening again!
"paid my first car payment, my 2 credit card bills and still have more than i anticipated! i say, 'good day!'"
"i was people-watching at walmart  one of the best places to do that  then i got to thinking, \what if people were 'people-watching' me?\"" i got out of there as fast as humanly possible! phew  dodged a bullet there """
i'm very upset! i sat down to watch another episode of roswell and now netflix is telling me that it is unavailable      i was just watching it this morning!! ugh!
"\you thinking what i'm thinking?\"" \""head for the bushes \"""""
"i wanna go to london at the end of june!! mumford and sons, arcade fire, beirut, and the vaccines are all playing together  that show will be epic!!!"
"aa: \i wanna go to london this spring \"" ac: \""why would you want to go to london? it's boring and they don't even speak your language!\"" aa: \""that's where we get our english from   \"" ac: \""they speak english in london? isn't that in france?\""     some people just aren't smart  lol """
had an awesome time last night  sadly i had to get up this morning      i just wanna sleep!!
how my dad sits in a dark and cold house all day still puzzles me  i walk in the door and immediately throw on 7 layers of clothes  brr   
"i don't care what kind of day i'm having, every time i hear kids by mgmt i just wanna jump around  it's really the only way to handle it   playful "
today my car was on tv  i felt so important!
who in their right mind gets a tote of hot chocolate at 6:45am? someone who doesn't have to make it themselves! fools!
yeah! pitchfork 'em!
why can't i log into my allstate account? i'm sure i know my correct birth date  why do you tell me it's wrong  you know what? you're wrong!
is it weird that i love getting opening junk mail? the best part is i get to burn it afterward  is it weird that i love to burn things?
supposed to leave for meeting in 15min  problem is my dad and brother are both sleeping    we're gonna be late   
why can't i find the songs i love without the swearing? is it really necessary to use them?
i don't like bbc radio  i love bbc radio 1!!
"\i come for the wuggas  but i stay for the jiggy juggas \"" jugga jiggy wugga """
a customer came in today with a blizzard authenticator  i felt so dorky but i asked and he's a wow'r   playful 
on my way home from work yesterday i saw a car in the ditch  i stopped to see if he needed anything  thankfully he was fine  but when i got back in my car i used my onstar and the dispatcher was able to send help  i now love it and am considering purchasing it after my trial!
"here's the short answer: no!\here's the long answer: nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
i just became a fan of itunes! i've never saw it as something amazing until yesterday  i love finding new songs and instantly owning them! i've been sitting here at my computer for about 2 hours just listening to new stuff  good morning!
i'm prepared for service tomorrow  something that i haven't done since    last tuesday? but it was months before that!
service today was great  no amount of preparation could have prepared me for such a great day!
"\i blame it on my a d d  baby \"" -sail (awolnation)"""
"washing the chevy cruze today after work  i've washed it a hundred times while the snow was on the ground, but now that it's mud i don't wanna waste my time  have you seen my driveway? one big mud glob! so i'll wash it after work and go out  at least it'll be clean long enough to show off   playful "
"since when is my leftover chipotle mexican grill up for grabs? you see me eat it and put the rest back in the fridge  that doesn't mean 'i hate this, you eat it'  putting food in the fridge means 'i'm putting this here for safe keeping until my belly ready for more'      i want my chipotle   sad "
<propfirst> schilling didn't believe that i don't get pulled over  i think i made a believer out of her  and i love mumford and sons' little lion man and little more because of it!
"dad: <propfirst>, let your dog in \me: gimme a sec \dad: <propfirst>, she's jumping at the door \me: i know, hold on \*let dog in*\dad: i know you didn't just let your dog in  she's muddy!\me: you're so frustrating!"
i want it to be warm again so i can go running! i miss it  and running inside doesn't give the same rush  btw  on a side note  i can see the triceps i didn't know were still located in my arm  go progress!
i need to get in shape so it needs to get warm and i'm still tryin' to get my swole on  (thanks for the heads up <propfirst> <propmale>)
"my dad just asked if he could use my car  i'm kinda leery about it  not because he could crash it or damage it, but because he said he'll be back at 12 smile 0pm      but that's when i have to leave for work! he better not make me late today  or worse, damage my car!  playful "
any suggestions on a cheap car rental place?     has nothing to do with my previous post   playful 
i'm glad to have friends that care 
i've had avg protecting my computer for the last few years but my coverage just ended  my question for facebook is: what is the best protection for my computer?
guess who just bought sirius xm radio for the next year? this guy!
"oh, i am what i am  i do what i want   laugh "
ran 2 7 <propmale> this morning in 28 minutes      i aim to lower that time by the end of the week!
i just ran a 5k (around the block)  and according to my new crappy $10 stopwatch from walmart i did it in 33:19!! not too shabby for someone who just started running this past tuesday!  laugh 
i would've informed you earlier if our internet wasn't down    ran my 5k yesterday in 31:40  down 1 smile 9 since friday! let's lower that more tomorrow shall we?
"probably going to show up at the wadsworth panera for their grand opening  it's gonna be packed, i know  but i don't care  i just want a free mug    which <propfirst> tells me i can't have  psh! i'm getting one whether he agrees or not! who's with me??"
running update: just ran for 30:44! down another 56 seconds! the 5k run in may will be a piece of cake if i keep this up      mmm  cake      *snaps out of it* until then i'll be enjoying the protein from the eggs i got from <propfemale> jakubisin   playful 
"had an awesome time last night  didn't think i'd wake up and go running before meeting  but i did! ran the 5k in 30min exactly! i even took a picture of the stop watch to prove it  that's down another 44sec since friday  <propfirst> bly, i'm coming for you   playful "
"just connected our new internet box  after 45min worth of complications, our internet is up and running faster than i thought it would      reminds me of myself   playful "
i love that i can go long periods without listening to country music on the radio and as soon as i turn it on i still know all the songs  they never get new ones i guess 
