5fcf6c64ae4c38bdd9c4086db1d51514
omfg i just met my grandpas twin on facebook!!!!
omfg i just met my grandpas twins grandchild on facebook!!!!
sleepy time! working at unmc from 7 smile 0-4 then got youth group from 5 smile 0-when ever it gets done
time for the sleeps working in the morning again   
i need some one to skate with
doing more latex and such for the zombie costumes for rocktober
"i'm sick of being persecuted by my supposed \brothers\"" i now understand exactly how jesus felt maybe i'm not meant to be with christians all it ends up bringing me is pain and aggravation   """
"the tension is gone! praise god for he is holy,and is capable of over coming any situation "
there is no such thing as a snow day when you work at a hospital   
wow just witnessed a demon get cast out of a house  probably one of the weirdest feelings ever 
"cool guys don't look at e playful losionsthey blow things up and then walk away who's got time to watch an e playful losion? because cool guys have errands that they have to walk to  keep walkin', keep shinin' don't look back keep on walkin'keep struttin' slow motionthe more you ignore it, the cooler you look"
watching the <propfemale> cartoon while filling the tub!
every one should go read my first ever note its pretty amazing!
"ha ha ha oh man one of the nurses was just walking around laughing like bowser  ex- huwa huwa huwa in a low voice hahaha oh my  and then they heard miss may i cause i was listening to them and their response was \ are they pullin off toe nails over there? you should tell them they can take that guys nuts out of the vise grips now cause those are some high screams\"" its stuff like this that makes me love working here """
prepare your brain for razzle dazzle!!!!
wake up wake up! this is no hallucination! this is what we have become! this is what dreams are made of!
cod is gay
"have you ever filled a bath then realized \hey i really don't want to take a bath right now\""? well i just did hahahaha """
frustration
patt just looked at my junk!
the thought of you brings a spring of butterflies up through my soul 
"the band has been renamed \martyrs of the modern age\"""""
a f i is gonna be at sokol on june 6th
"going to youth group tonight for the first time in over a month, i'm super excited!"
i some how made <propmale> by accidentally spilling red liquids on my green scrubs  yay accidents!
so my phones battery just went from 80% to 50% now its up to 90%    i need a new phone this thing is stupid 
"huge favor, if any one has spare mics or any mics my band is recording this weekend and we are trying to get ahold of some  if you can help please contact me asap "
a big thanks to calvary christian church for hooking us up with some mics for martyr camp  <propmale> t is the man 
new <propmale> for motma courtesy of aj! check it out guys it's sick 
oh noes both my feet are asleep   
"is it just me or does any one else look at the serving size, not too see how much i should eat but to see which has more?"
"this is all too much, it's getting difficult to cope "
"take me back to how in used  to be, i'll never close my eyes again  how could i ever forget a place like this, somewhere that i can call my own \my eyes will only see, where i'm supossed to be "
"take me back to how it used  to be, i'll never close my eyes again  how could i ever forget a place like this, somewhere that i can call my own \my eyes will only see, where i'm supossed to be "
practice last night was amazing
"finally i've snapped back to reality, and am back to my normal self "
the weather is rather suitable at the moment 
"it's a good thing i don't have the funds, or i'd probably be smoking 3 packs a day   "
"wow so pretty much every one in the band is single now \\over the span of friday to today the three of us have had issues \\looks like we have more time for the band "
we got offered to play a show at hot topic!
hmmm tonights gonna be another sleepless night 
"i just wanna go home, i'm not even doing anything and i'm just down today   "
"really?\why the hell is it that when i turn on the radio it just makes things worse "
"i won't give up, i will never surrender \i'll stick by your side for ever and ever "
"every one should go see the martyrs of the modern age june 4th at rebels in council bluffs \starts at 7"
"kiss all you're energy goodbye <propmale>, cause we're adding on!"
"i get to see her today!\ laugh "
and now i don't    today sucks 
"never mind i'm just retarded \ha ha"
listening to some lamb of god waiting for this amazing girl to call me  smile 
why is it that when ever i become happy it all goes down hill again   
some one just please shoot me   
i couldn't be happier or more relieved!
"ope! lamb of god just impregnated my ears with a hardcore metal baby \practice tonight, with a bass player!\it's gonna be so sick "
"holy something!\lamb of god's new stuff has given me my creative influence back!\and i'm so ready to write some insane music tonight!!!!!"
i hate how you always come up with a sweet idea for a guitar part while away from your guitar  work is so lame!
"we'll never get out of this hole, until we've dug our own grave!"
composure by august burns red is pretty much my favorite song ever right now!
yesterday was amazing 
today is the day!!!!!
"so my bls course is on saturday, and they have yet to send me my books \i might have to cancel "
oh my goodness amazing day of skating!
"so \a paradox with flies\"" is probably my favorite song ever right about now """
"last night was the most amazing skate session ever \awesome people,perfect weather,got alot acomplished  and it was just all together fun  can't wait for tomorrow!\new guitar and a b a skate session plus saturday is a wake and skate day woooooooo!"
"well every one i am very sadened to announce that motma is done as <propfirst> and i are the only remaining members \we aren't sure if this is permanent or just us going on hideous, but <propfirst> and i are using this as a <propmale> to take a break \which means you will probably see us at <propmale> skate park on 72nd and <propmale> or at roberts on 78th and cass, on almost a daily basis "
"please pray for me, because when i get off work i am headed to all out skate shop  for the 3rd and final meeting about a possible sponsorship street team deal "
"i got the spot!\and i'm starting out good too  by going out to grand island this weekend and promoting and spreading word about all out"
"i'm so stoked \gettin off at about 12 surprise 0\runnin home, packing then i will hopefully be on the road by 13 surprise 0-13 smile 0ish"
oh my goodness  i drove atleast 12 hours yesterday 
i just got a sponsorship offer from steelmx   smx  optics!!!!!!!!
i need someone to skate with!
"i just picked up two more sponsors yesterday!\i'm now a sponsored skater for all out skate shop, six feet deep clothing, shadcase and steel mx smx optics!!!\god has blessed me greatly "
"alright everbody, what are your thoughts on a metal cover of pump up the jam by technotronic?"
"it's so hot out, milk was a bad choice "
"just got a sponsorship with wreckage clothing!\i'm getting 50% off all product"
"i am now an elite rider for h2o audio go check it out \www h2orider hookit com members h2oaudio "
"wow who cast the gay schedule spell up in here?\cause i wanna kick them in the mouth "
he ate the uterus? nope strike three! the answer was placenta 
holy 13 hour shift batman! what a long day 
getting ready to do my first photo shoot for skating!
i just got sponsored by globe skating shoes!
freakin varials and hard flips are kicking my butt!
my beard is offically longer than my thumb i have kinda long thumbs too!
"just saw a sign saying g-sale  i was very disappointed when i found out there was nothing gangster about it  no glocks,aks  no this was just a garage sale   "
who would like me to put up an up to date picture of my attempt at growing a beard?
finally quit and am smoke free!!!!
last night was hands down the freakiest night of my entire life 
the last lost continent is the most amazing song i have ever heard
"oh, oh oh oh oh, oh i'm as cold as the cold wind blows when it snows and it's twenty below "
"quotes from yesterday levi: ethaaaaaaaan is a hoooomooooo me:              sapiaaaaaan levi:man how many drs are dying? it must be a pandemic me: or some one is doing it!levi: yeah, first it was hobos and now this?"
adderall xr: 40mg(perscribed for adhd)nicotine: 21mgcoffee: how ever many mgs are in 2 pots hello productivity!
maybe i should write some stuff?
"trying to write some stuff, join me just go to my profile and click the link!"
4 more days!
"woooooo!after 14 years of wanting to, i finally made up my mind i'm gonna enlist!"
with each passing day i get more and more excited i just want the next year to fly by 
with each passing day i get more and more excited 
"it's 1:47 a m i'm the only one awake, and i'm watching house by the cemetery \i wish my little jew friend was here "
"hey mercer you gonna come with us?\nah man i'm a zombie now "
"raimi:you wanna come with us?\mercer:nah man i'm a zombie now, what ever you do don't use moulssons serum \don't use it on some one unless their really dead"
say anything on sunday!!!!!!
"say anything, metro station and saves the day in one hour!!!!!!"
say anything and motion city soundtrack killed it!!!!
"true or false, hardcore kids usually start crap with people in real pits by being assholes and end up getting laid out by the people in mosh pits?and which pit is more brutal throwdown or real pits?"
aaaah yeaaaah!watchin blacula!
shish kabob
"two things are running through my mind right now, why am i still awake?\and were wolves on wheels!!!!!"
working jaming to the clash? i think so!
"cause we all end up in a <propfemale> pine box, with a mighty small top and a mighty dark plot and the might fine print hastens the trip to our epilog "
"heh jam session and we got one song done, oh yes this band is gonna work!"
"dear oceano, chill out \please realize cussing non stop at the crowd is tacky, and encouraging the crowd to fight and punch the person next to you in the face is not cool  and to your guitarist, get off the drugs and stop spitting and the crowd and trying to act like a bad ass \you just look lame "
ha i go to smoke a cig only to see some one walking up to my door to case my house 
"starting a facebook <propfemale> for people who need advice,a person to vent to or just somd one to talk to \you think it's a good idea?\let me know your thoughts on this "
"random fact of the day  whales ejaculate 400gallons of semen at a time, ever wonder why the ocean is so salty?"
"do not fear, for i am with you; do not anxiously look about you, for i am your god  i will strengthen you, surely i will help you, surely i will uphold you with my rightous right hand  <propmale> 41:10"
"me: watcha doin?\hannah: just watching this move  what about you?\me: about to make some popcorn, watching 16 and pregnant \i'm not gay i swear hahahaha "
playin some guitar in stickam 
bury the hatchet!
"a day to remeber in kc on march 26th, who's down?"
so stressed i had to drive with the window down cause i was hot 
"so, suicide seasons: cut up  by bring me the horizon is possibly the most amazing album i've ever heard!"
"at first i thought it was raining white smart cars, then i realized those were just huge snowflakes "
"a day to remember,bring me the horizon,pierce the veil and we came as romans on march 26th in kc!"
"this snow needs to melt then dry up, so i can skate \i don't wanna lose any sponsors "
"stuck at home, bored out of my mind "
guitar time? i think so!
"albums i've listened to so far today \a little bit of the powerless rise by as i lay dying,number[s] by woe, is me (2 times this morning)\the cleansing, green monster single, no time to bleed suicide silence self titled and 4 other demos by suicide silence, now working on three cheers for sweet revenge mcr "
"gonna order some stuff from my sponsors soon \any one want some shoes,shades,clothes or skateboards?"
"i should really clean my trashed room, but writing music seems like more fun "
time to jam!
"my guitar is in the shop getting some <propmale> duncans put in \but here's the question which tuning should i get it set to \drop c,b or a?"
