a43db9d99de8db68d514fcfcf94b8175
i wish i had a laptop  that would be pretty sweet 
wow seriously didnt even know my facebook account still existed     
hahahhahaha i have no clue how to use facebook this is sad
workin at hallmark in ea from 10am - 9pm  come visit meeee  smile 
study study study! thats all i ever do around here!
just so you know   its really embarassing to fall going up the stairs at school 
what the f 
school  work  then more work 
 sad  life 
"i thought i told ya, imma <propfemale> "
"its raining, its pouring, the old man is snoring!     literally   smile "
such a beautiful day!  i think i'll take <propfirst> for a nice long walk  smile 
wow  i just found out that i owe $4300 more dollars in college loans 
work at hallmark 11-5 for the debut!  laugh 
my dad is embarassing me! hahahaha but i love you anyway dad  smile 
work at 10 & then chillin with <propfirst> for the day
takin my dog for a walk around town  smile 
finally a day off from school   relaxin around the house til work at 4
iiiiits friday!!!  smile 
siiick  in need of someone to nurse me back to health 
relaxin around the house for the nite with <propfirst> 
snow dayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  laugh 
"finally the weekend is here! wrapping presents, cleaning a bit, workin 6-9, then goin to shawns for the nite   smile "
rip <propfemale>         sad 
"sometimes   i seriously have the weirdest dreams, with the most random ppl in them "
officially on winter break!!!!!!!!!
"oh my lord, how i managed to get a 96 on rachels final is beyond me   i guess that fortune teller was right!!!!!!"
"ugh  i kinda wanna just go to bed, not have a christmas party "
so i wonder if anyone is not hungover today 
deleting a bunch of ppl off my fb right now   gotta start the year fresh   gettin rid of the drama filled ppl that i dont even talk to anymore 
planning on being lazy til i gotta go to work at 4 
i'm seriously doing nothing today   and i love it   laugh 
the past is the past   sometimes you just gotta let things go and get over it   so i'm working on it 
umm   wondering why i keep getting friend requests from people i dont even know     or even have any mutual friends with 
i want to go on vacation somewhere super warm soooooooooooo bad right now  annoyed   stupid buffalo weather 
enjoying my weekend  smile 
um why did facebook change everything around! i hate this new confusing way! stupid facebook 
researchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh is not fun 
new pix new pix new pix on my <propfemale>  smile 
just finished my 4 <propfemale> paper for radiation biology  yay go me  smile 
"back to school, no breaks til april  sad   well at least i can say there's only 87 more days til graduation  laugh "
class til 11 smile 0ish    then gettin a pedicure with <propfemale>!!!!! then hw and studying blahhhhhhhh
i dont feel like studying   and i'm wondering why it takes certain people like 85 thousand years to text me back every time i send them a text!!!!
you set it again  my heart's in motion every word feels  like a shooting <propfemale>  im at the edge of my emotions  watching the shadows  burning in the dark  and im in love  and im terrified  for the first time  and the last time  in my only life   love 
love life  so grateful for everything and everyone i have in my life  smile 
class 
"everyone please, if you have to drive somewhere this morning, be careful!  there is black ice everywhere, we're at 30 accidents and counting and it's not even 8 surprise 0 yet!  be safe "
"omg   just when i thought lady gaga couldnt possibly get any more insane or weird, she comes out with the telephone video and wow             theres gotta be some kind of glitch in her thinking or something cuz that is just not normal "
pathology final today  then work 6-9  then with <propfirst> for the weekend   smile 
i got a 94 on my patho final!!!!! yessssssssssssssssssssss!
"so today im gonna watch <propfemale> syrup get made, go see <propfemale> in wonderland in 3d, then go out to dinner, all with my hunnie  love "
in need of a work-out <propmale> 
blah blah blah
facebook is being stupid 
love life 
worried about my hunnie  sad 
almost died driving on the 400 today 
ok people who has skype!? i need to add u to my contacts  smile 
20 more days til graduation!!!!  laugh 
no words can describe how good it feels to come home to the village of east <propfemale> after being in the city of buffalo all day 
i dont wanna study any moreeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!
"its 80 degrees at my house  smile \runnin some errands then gonna sit in the sun til i gotta work  laugh "
"omg finally! last day of clinic!! i loved children's hospital, but hated the getting up at 5:45am and driving half an hr on the thruway and not to mention doing the work and not getting paid!"
upset  i hate how a day can start out great then completely turn horrible   sad 
happy mothers day!! but why is it snowing??
studying for my last final exam ever tomorrow! cant wait until its over!
"officially done with school!  going out to lunch with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> todayyyy then work 6-9 "
work 10-4 then goin to graduation rehersal at 5 smile 0  laugh 
i have an extra ticket for graduation on sat  anybody want it?
i still have an extra ticket for graduation! let me know if u want it!
well     now that graduation's all over     im kinda bored lol 
goin to the galleria to get mani pedi at <propfirst> nails with my sister
discouraged   
"the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and its a beautiful new day!"
i knew today was going to be great!  laugh 
in tonawanda for the day    laugh 
first day back to clinic in the morning!  i can't wait to finally get back to doing what i love to do best!!!
long day ahead   clinic 8 - 3 then work 3 smile 0 to 9:15   annoyed 
"going to jnc with my sister, her b f, and my little cousins for go-kart riding!!!!!  then relaxing for the rest of the evening  smile "
waiting             
i got the job at sisters hospital as an xray tech!!!!  laugh 
"i used to dream about the life i'm living now, i know that there's no doubt - i made it  laugh "
seriously how do i get hooked onto staying onto facebook so late when the whole reason why i turned my computer on 2 hours ago was to look up the hours for the <propmale> mall tmw??
"mall  home  studying  work  \text if u want "
"last day of clinic tomorrow!!!   laugh \then finally i can relaxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
busy day tomorrow 
tired  going to bed  92 degree weather tmw = a very happy me 
ugh i really dont feel like driving all the way out to tonawanda 
anyone free to do anything tonite??  im boredddddddddddddd 
just bought some brand new scrubs for my brand new job!!!  i'm ready to work!
on my way with shawns family to watkins <propmale> for camping until wednesday! see everyone when i get back  smile 
"home from my beautiful, awesome, relaxing long weekend at watkins <propmale>   just added pix if anyone wants to check them out!!  laugh "
going out to red lobster and then maybe seein a movie with my hunnie  love 
so ummmmmmmm           29 more days til i turn 21!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"just got home from spending the day at darien lake! it was sooooo fun but now i'm so tireddddd! swimming at my cousins house tmw, can't wait!"
just got back from swimminnnnn its so awesome outside! workin @ hallmark 6-9 come visit me!
"hangin out around the house today til work at 4  beach tmw!  smile  let me know if ur going, we can meet up or go togetherrr"
i need a pool!!!!!!!!!!
sooooo   i just got my schedule for my new job and i have to work on my twenty first birthday from 9am to 10pm!! omg that should be illegal or something! not to mention my bday is on a saturday!
beach today with <propfemale> tatar!! yay!  laugh 
not motivated enough to do anything today   i'm in need of a break before i start the big job anyway  smile 
uuuuuugggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!
orientation for sisters tmw from 8-4 
anyone wanna go & get a spa pedicure with me tonite?  laugh 
first day working at my new job!!! i'm so excited!  laugh 
house-sitting for my neighbor for 3 weeks!!!!  i wouldnt mind some company so feel free to make plans!
work 8-4 then ilka's wedding at 5!!!!  smile 
"house sitting           work 3-11, then i got the day off tmw  laugh "
"i'm a spacebound rocketship and your heart's the <propfemale> & i'm aimin right at you, right at you    250,000 <propmale> on a clear nite in june, and i'm so lost with out you   without you ?"
"i could reaaaaallyyyyy go for a nice, warm chocolate chip cookie right now!"
work til 11 then off on wed & thurs!
"just got home from work, off tmw & thurs, lets make plans!  laugh \my bday is on saturday!!!!"
planning on basking in the sun today  laugh 
tomorrows my bday!! thinkin about goin out after workkkk  laugh 
recuperating                    
ugh  goodnight world 
happy bday to my mom!!  laugh 
going to <propfirst> nails at the galleria mall tmw either late morning or early afternoon to get a pedicure      anyone else in?
i had a really good day today and now i'm looking forward to having these next 4 days off!!!!!
partyyyy at my house toniteeeee!
going to the fair toniteeeee with my hunnieee  love 
does anyone wanna go to the beach with me today?
"just got home from lilydale, i had soooooo much fun"
tiiiredddddd  goodnight 
not tired 
workin in the er 3-11 yayyyyyyyy!  smile 
"bonfire at my house tonite, feel free to stop by anytime after 8 smile 0  smile "
happy september!
i passed my boards!!! i am officially a licensed xray tech!
"wow after working 10a - 11p yesterday and 6a - 2p today, i'm totally lookin forward to these next 4 days that i have off!!!!!"
watching the bills game with my hunnieee  love 
hmm wonderin what i should do tmw on my day off  smile 
who will win americas got talent tonight?!?!?!?!
pretty  boy  swag 
tiiiredddddd  but i feel like going out to the casino or something lol
happy birthday to my best friend angelaaaa!!!!
"thinks that <propfirst> bieber is too cute singing his little \u smile\"" song!!!!! lol i love it"""
ughhh! coming down with a cold! sooooooo annoying! sick people coming to the hospital spreading their germs     why can't you just stay home!?
workin at sisters 6-2 then hallmark 4-close yay today is so much fun
"workin at hallmark til 6, come visit!  laugh "
lady gaga - hsbc arena - march 4th   i'm so there 
i miss wearing real clothes  wearing scrubs almost everyday is getting annoying 
i have the day off tomorrow!!!!! yesssss!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
i was caller 97 on kiss 98 5 this morning for lady gaga tickets!! so bummed!
i have to drive out to the eastern hills mall all alone today  sad  boo 
i like it on the shelf!
"dear mother nature,\\i've really had enough of the rain  \\please bring back sun and 80 degree weather  \\love, \<propfirst>"
"had trocaire students at work today!!!!! ah, how great it feels to be done with school!!!!"
 love  the movie social network!
making molasses and chocolate chip cookies with my momma  smile 
so much stuff to do!
ah what a day! got a lot of stuff done  smile  now it's time to relax
no work today or tomorrow       yay!  smile 
"this is love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on, and kept you strong, post this  a sister is a friend forever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister ?"
working 11-7 tonight     god help me 
"happy birthday to my sweetheart, shawniee  love "
i've got the next 2 days off  laugh 
school today 4-8  smile 
happy hour toniteeeee @ bar <propfirst>! 7pm with my hunnieee & my favorite co-workers!!!!
"so i had today all planned out and organized but becuz some people just don't want to cooperate with me today, my plans are now all screwed up  ugh "
i just bought my boyfriend the best anniversary gift ever for our 4 year anniversary on thursday!!!!! i can't wait to surprise him!!!!!  laugh 
i love <propfirst> <propmale> weatherbee!!! 4 years ago today he asked me to be his girlfriend  smile  best day ever!
workin 3-11 in the er tonite 
"<propfirst>'s taking me on our own little \ghost walk\"" around east <propfemale> since i had to miss the real thing last night!  love  byee """
i honestly don't care that i'm 21 years old     i wanna go trick-or-treating!!!!!!!!!  smile 
totally planning on staying in my pj's allllll day  smile 
words cannot describe how completely bored out of my mind i am right now     ugh
"my back hurts sooo bad  crying  \stupid job       "
can't wait to go see <propmale> cook tomorrow!!! 2nd row!!!!
8 1 2 more hours til <propmale> cook!
<propmale> cook!  love  with my hunnieee
no lie - <propfirst> and i just scored backstage passes to see <propmale> cook!! ive never been so happy in my life!!!!!!!
just had an awesome time meeting <propmale> cook! best anniversary gift ever made even better by winning backstage passes lol
just had a nice dinner and happy hour at the cheesecake factory with <propfirst>  smile 
workin 10-5 at hallmark  stop in for some holiday cheer lol
had a productive day  smile 
"today is perfect for sleeping in, lounging around the house in pj's and watching tv all day  smile "
feeling sick to my stomach  sad 
why? whatsuppp?
i hope i feel better tomorrow  sad 
the best thing to hold onto in life is each other  love 
so i was just standing outside in my backyard watching the 4 deer that were just chillin in my next door neighbors backyard & i heard a very loud gunshot not too far away & felt so bad for the poor deer  sad   sad   sad 
workin 7a to 8p at the hospital tmw   ugh   guess i better  get some sleep 
ugh! total frustration 
happy thanksgiving [=
where is the easy button?!?
walking in a winter wonderlandddd [=
"so if u were driving on the 400 this morning and saw 3 cars in the ditch between bowen and transit, mine was one of them  annoyed "
watching how the grinch stole christmas on abc [=
why is it thundering out?
dear lake effect snow: thanks a lot  because of you i now have to leave my house for my 6am shift at work tmw morning by 4:45am at the lastest 
"after 2 hours of driving home from work, im just glad i made it home alive  thank god for snow tires!"
could someone please inform me on why so many people put a # number with their status?!???!?!
how do i make something that doesn't matter not seem like such a big deal to me?  annoyed \
relaxing til i gotta work 3-11  then shopping with <propfemale> tmwwww! can't wait!
"if anyone is looking to get their hair done for a cute, stylish, and different look for the holidays, whether it be cut, color, or both - i know of a great hairstylist that i can recommend  she works out of her home in ea - she's the only person i trust with my hair! she's awesome! msg me and i can give you her name & number  smile "
who's that chickkk
christmas family gathering at my house then workin 11p - 7a
2011 is already shaping up to be a really good year!!!!  smile 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone  smile "
so excited for the new year! going downtown for the balldrop tonite then partying afterwards!!  laugh 
"read, read, read, study, study, study, ugh "
"baby i just wanna daaaaaaaaance, i don't really caaaaaaaaaaare  love "
"fyi people your horoscope has not changed, dont believe everything the media says  wow "
work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work 
bored      
"did you get your smile cookie today? $1 each at <propmale> hortons, 100% of proceeds go to women & childrens hospital of buffalo   smile "
what a teeny <propfemale> world this is           smile 
tmw is my first day off in 8 days  sleeping in? you bet i am 
"never look back, unless you are planning on going that way    "
i am hooked on lost!!!! i love this show!
lady gaga tomorrowww! i cannot wait!
cherries && grapes!!!  love 
lady gaga!!! with my 2 favorite cousins and sister!!!
my lady gaga pix   videos are up!!!
beautiful && dirtyy <propmale>  smile 
"be the change you wish to see in the world \-ghandi"
i'm that monster in the mirror
sooooo excited to have tomorrow and thursday off!!!!  boy oh boy what am i going to do with this free time!?
roar!!!!!!
yay it's friday!!! too bad i have to work all weekend! lol oh well at least i'll have fun at mikes bday party tonite  smile 
never        drinking           again 
going out for <propfirst>'s photo op today  smile   so proud of my hunnie  love 
to buy a super cute coach purse for $400 or not to    that is the question 
"ummmmmmmmmmm so why cant i save pix that are from facebook onto my laptop!???????????  ever since facebook changed the stupid way they do pix now, i havent been able to save my pix to my computer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! help!??"
no plans for the weekend  booo 
