450df0fb3d306a11d3715a08946208cf
is  tired and feels like crap  woooo i love the beginning of summer!
read  sleep  work  repeat 
woooo  need sleep  long week 
wonders if friending her parents on facebook was a good idea  friend <propmale> and <propfemale> <propfirst>! go minions go!
is attempting to read for her class  wah  so difficult after having a year off   annoyed 
it's time for bed    or maybe reading a book that isn't a textbook first! benefit-cost analysis is kicking my butt! anyone good with bca concepts?
is off to project wildlife     hope the air conditioning works  ughhhhhhh i hate hot weather!
"project wildlife went well  however, getting rid of my cats' fleas resulted in 21 little scratches  yeah!"
wants to rejoin the circus!
is delirious  definitely almost slept through my mandatory online class chat  ughhhhh
sing to me?
"is catching up on reading, hw, quiz, and then maybe start a project  ew "
just got home from the wild animal park's animal care center  now its time for food and hw  ps rhino's drink a lot of milk!!!
does not want to do her hw!!!!
"haha    i find it funny that the only time i have thought of actually using a benefit-cost analysis is during mafia wars on here    and then i decided not to, because benefit-cost analysis isn't fun!"
ughhhh laundry all day 
"reading for class  then falling asleep most likely, because that is the ultimate power of textbooks "
"sweeping hay, clearing cobwebs, sawing bamboo while sitting on the floor of the elephant barn, and feeding feral cats    uh, yeah, i definitely needed that shower! now its time for laundry and homework!"
"is currently in an online chat session for a grad class, but has succesfully played on facebook and youtube the entire time "
just finished the memo paper thing for leadership  uhhhh  yeah  with 5 minutes to spare 
"is controlling the webcams for african elephants, polar bears, and orangs on the sd zoo wap websites  ch-ch-ch-ch-check it out! www sandiegozoo org"
"   and now it is time for a nap after more hay sweeping, cobweb sweeping, cheetah laundry, being jumped on by baby goats, being horned in the butt by a goat, and controlling the elephant, polar bears, and orangs cams  then it's midterm time! yeah!"
needs to get caught up on her leadership homework  ugh    school 
dizzy  tummy hurts 
so you think you can daaaaaaaaaaance      ooooooooooh
shower  then hw and shooby dooby daaaaaaaaaance     (so you think you can dance    listen to the theme song it sounds like shooby dooby dance!)
yeahhhhhhhhh i know who makes the finale for so you think you can dance      woooooooooo! good choices!!!! i dont mind if any of those four win!!!
has been procrastinating enough tonight  it is time to start on some homework 
is excited that it is friday  sleeping in tomorrow and manning the zoo web cams haha
lock up is a fantastic show  but now it is time to go through the itunes library and organize! (though i should be spending my time either taking a bca quiz or reading for leadership    ha )
finished a bca exam and 7 leadership assignments tonight  yeahhhhhh
dizziest  day  ever 
oh instructor evaluations    how i love that you are anonymous!
oh work  ugh  sinuses are going to e playful lode 
6 <propfemale> paper finished in about 2 hours  haha  ohhhhh boy i wonder what grade that will get 
off to work  woooo 
   waiting til midnight to wish someone a happy bday    then shower    then camps at 8am! who is awake at 8am? i wasn't aware that anything happened in the world before 10am 
must  finish  final  ehhhhhhhhhhhh 
finished final  good night!
i am officially finished with this quarter! no more benefit-cost analysis! i don't even care what i got on that stupid final!
fun night! now tomorrow    coaching in the morning and project wildlife in the afternoon!
just got done coaching and eating lunch  printed out my adm 510 syllabus and now going to read (or most likely fall asleep) 
ugh    why did i decide going back to school would be fun?
going to gym  woo 
read  sleep 
falling asleep while sitting here  that means it is time for bed  i'm getting old!
supposed to be doing homework    ehh i have two and a half hours before it's all due  i'd rather be watching my prison shows!
anyone want to go to the zoo with me on oct  10th? it's a 2 5 mile walk to benefit the animals and its relatively cheap!
walk on the wild side at sdzoo! oct 10th! who wants to go to the zoo??
   going to the gym  the reason i agreed to go was because its an excuse to listen to my music for an hour straight 
someone want to gift me a 64gb ipod touch??
nothing better than a hot shower after diving practice  now off to work  sad 
   so tired  coaching and oktoberfest event has worn me out  too much work in one day     errrr     just maybe too little napping in one day 
finished hw for advanced technical communication  now hw time for project management  ughhhhhhhhhhhhh  its not hard  just dont want tooooooooo
hw is done  haha 
read & sleep  aquarium in morning for workshop yayyyyyyy
   ps  <propfirst>! get out of the library and <propfemale> out with me already!!!
the my zoo app is addicting  how sad 
"still haven't done my essay for adm 510  i blame it on my newfound addictions to the my zoo app and vampire diaries series  lame excuse, but true haha"
i am exhausted 
reading then sleep  yay 
"ummmmm  hw is boring  i dont even have that much, but i have even less motivation to complete it "
"gahhhhhhhhhhhhhh i don't want to do any hw! all i have to do is answer one reading question, then finish up an essay i already wrote the rough draft for   sooooo i'll do my question tonight and then turn in my essay in the morning by 9am! wooooo "
hahaha  finished my hw and essay  wooooo now i dont have to get up early!
hw due in 3 hours  amount completed: 0% hahaha 
only an hour and a half til my hw is due  hahaha this is not going to get done  good thing it is a rough draft     wooooo 
     and done  mostly  well i'm going to sleep now 
    someone is mischevious  mwaaaaha
why isnt the ibuprofen kicking in yet????? ahhhh
finished hw  going to read and fall asleep 
"finished hw  it is definitely time to hop into my bed, read a book, and fall asleep! i love that it feels like 2 5 hours of hw drained my soul  would suck to have to do hw everyday!"
making my costume    sparkly!
headache from sugar  procrastinating on hw 
finished hw  this time change is messing me up!
too tired to function  super dizzy too  must  read  book  ahhhhhh  and then fall asleep! ughhhhhhhhhh i love sleep!!!!! ps  i am delirious 
it's only 8:45 and i am almost asleep! what is wrong with me?!?! i'm so ooooooooold  haha
i  love  the ringing in my ear!
dont want to do hw 
going to bed at 3am is probably not the best idea when you have to work in the morning 
read  sleep  that's about all the energy left in me right now 
    lady gaga's videos kinda scare me  at least the choreography is interesting 
read  sleep  compete in long beach?
done with one class for the quarter! one more to go!
kinda tired of the ringing in my ear and being dizzy  now to do a lovely hw assignment 
it's annoying that people who write facebook quizzes can never spell correctly 
why am i so tired? i feel like a senior citizen  aaaaaaand i have a decision to make    eeeeeeeek 
definitely called this migraine    ughhhhhhhhhhhh 
divers!!! scripps ranch high school is looking for a diving coach    interested???
feel like crap  ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! mentally drained  thank goodness for music 
hw finished  time to go to sleep 
i pet an alligator today! picture will be up soon!
watching the office with the boyfriend  yay!
i realize that i hate the mall  ugly clothes  superficial people  no thank you    high school was a long time ago  hah
the fall quarter is officially over for me! yeahhhhhhhhhhhh!
just finished coaching a two and a half hour practice in the wind and rain  i loooove the rain! but now i am freezing 
apparently i need to go to the pool tomorrow to get some dives back before embarassing myself next weekend 
"good day = funny kids, nerf guns, working out, talking trash, and uh, more talking trash  tomorrow is conservation tour including where the birds breed  yay!"
<propfirst> wissing! stop hitting on my mom!!!!!!
is going to go to sleep  so tired 
bored & exhausted  also a little disappointed in the ending of my book  wah
reply from athlete finding out i'm coaching again: i thought you would have quit after last year 
"work pranks, preschool holiday show, good day! haha"
"even if some people look less stupid in their profile pic than you remember them    they're probably not any smarter  i know, <propfemale> is watching    but <propfemale> already put presents under my tree! i don't have to be gooooooood!"
for christmas i want a farm  or a zoo 
"finished christmas shopping while in pajamas    that's right  when i go out in public, i gotta look stylish  hahaha"
so ready to sleep in! missed man vs  wild today    could only handle 20 minutes of <propfemale> trek with the family (only tolerable due to certain actors)    aaaaaaaand now time to relax!
skateboarding in the dark!
being unproductive is fantastic! especially considering the quarter coming up the day before my birthday and working too many hours between too many places lol
"shower, breakfast, zoo! or wild animal park! wooooooooooo!"
"i kinda am enjoying working with only a couple little kids running around, as opposed to the normal amount of 70  wooo "
i  love  the office 
i can't fall back asleeepp! i'm not supposed to be up this early!  sad 
"i don't wanna go to woooork    but people need to get paid i suppose  playing with <propfirst> on a saturday mehhhhh  whatevs, i'm going in in my pajamas "
"i cannot stay awake any longer  going to attempt to read    since soon i will be reading textbooks! (well, most likely not  who studies?)"
ugh  back to school  too many things to do  would rather sleep 
oh geez   
why statistics? why again? ughhhhh no more!!!! nooooooooo mooooooooooore! (can you tell i don't want to take another stats class?)
sinuses no longer going to e playful lode  3 weeks of a class down    i am officially done with that class for january hahaha
i  love  music  smile 
   i hate online math classes 
so    uh    i can feel the love for the chargers  stop being haters when you've supported them this far  might as well still support them even if they didn't play well 
   and so the high school season starts  my goal is to not stress!
"master's diving meet (21 years old and up) this saturday in sd! come on divers, do it!!!"
"thank u facebook for derailing my study time once again  (yes, yes it's my fault    but uhhhh    damn  suppose i should read)"
ugh    human resource management hw  why am i taking 3 grad classes? this is stupid 
"finished hw  now bedtime  maybe read a little, but i know im not going to get far "
super tired  math hw is not my idea of fun 
i  love  the rain! going to read  love  and sleep!
yeah! <propmale> and i are champions x2!
adm 525 hw done  goodnight world 
adm 520 hw done  wooooooooo! time to read and nap!!!!! yeah!!
my head is going to e playful lode!  sad  ibuprofen is my hero 
step 1: figure out what the hell my hw is  step 2: procrastinate  step 3: finish it while falling asleep  ughhhhhhh online math!!!!!!
done with business stats  time for bed!!!
"\i've always had a problem dating more than one person at a time\"" - brendizzle hahahaha"""
"nooo     i dont want to do my stats project or my human resource management hw and exam  sad  boooooooooo! i just want to naaaaaaap  on a positive note, reverse dive on 3m today yay"
baby elephants! time for late night shifts in an elephant enclosure again! super excited  smile 
efffffff homework
meh    i dont want to do hw  i want to <propfemale> out with the eles! oooooooh! 9 days til elephant baby watch starts  smile 
i hate hw 
finished hw  headache  ibuprofen  sleep 
"how bout professors not ever require a 10-15 <propfemale> paper for a math class? what the hell    that's how i will be enjoying my sunday  haven't started, but it's not due til 5pm tonight  mehhhhhhhh"
finished my stats paper  wooo 
recommend a good book for me  humor  memoir  whatever 
if i didnt have hw i'd be in bed asleep  why am i so tired?
so i definitely didn't do my business stats project  oops 
i should definitely be doing my hrm hw  i really don't feel like it  damn weekend due dates 
done with hw  time to get ready to watch the elephants  hopefully the baby ele sleeps a lot tonight haha   after i get to sleep in because bdizzle is amazing!
who wants to do my math hw for me? please? <propfirst>    you should do it since it must be super easy for your mathing level!
anyone interested in coaching diving rec lessons 2 hours a week? or know of anyone who might want to? let me know 
finished a really poorly written essay  sleep time 
elephants 10pm-2am    i don't know how im going to survive tomorrow!
done with adm 511 - interpersonal communication  only business stats and human resources left! then it's time to start my final quarter!
super dizzy  tired  still have a paper to write 
allergies  dizziness  ughhhhhh  downloading music until i pass out  which is anytime now 
"99 cent store  lady behind me bought pads, three douches, and gummy bears  yes she was walking funny, yes she was talking to herself, yes she made an awkward phone call while in line, and no she was not in tune when singing along with the store's music  that's what i call a good night "
wooooo  new offices tomorrow  heavy lifting? mehhhh 
"today was the second time i've been hit by a diving board  suppose that is what i get for aiming to hit a <propfirst> line for fun, taking off at the wrong time, and having the board bounce back up to meet my foot  hahaha"
ohhhhh nitro circus! loving it!
"fun day out    however, no nap  must take a loooong nap to make up for it tomorrow "
"why have i procrastinated on writing a 2 <propfemale> memo for class? i am totally burnt out as far as school is concerned, which is not okay, because this is the last quarter!"
back from palm springs  ready to sleeeeeeep!!! lots of good stuff learned and had a fun time  thanks <propfemale> etzel!!!
effffffffff 
rain! yessssssssss! rain all week!!!!!!!!! pleeeeease  come on          rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"in papa johns picking up pizza and one worker is e playful laining to another one that so many pizzas are being ordered because it is 4 20  the other guy asks \what is 4 20?\"" and the other guy says \""uhhh it's uhhhh like when people smoke \"" good times  it makes sense i suppose """
10 pages due tonight  uhhh    which was supposed to be on 10 chapters of text  i've read 1 1 2 chapters  i think i'm going to just go in the hot tub instead  senioritis times a million since it's grad school  annoyed 
the baby raccoons in the attic right above my room are getting to be quite noisy  i don't really mind it though  i really want to see them!
don't want to do hw  don't want to do hwwwwwwwwwww  noooooooooooooooooo 
institutional review board for a simple survey  wow  lame 
i should be finishing up my homework and master's project    however i have decided that a better way to utilize my time would be to go to sleep early  like an old person  what is wrong with me?!
sooooooooo tired  2 more days of high school dive  3 weeks of grad school left  wooooo!
time to sleep  high school season is officially over  i suppose now i have no excuses not to do my hw 
so sleepy   
"grad school needs to be over  now  only a couple more days, but too much hw "
it's so hard to do my last bits of grad school hw when i've found an entire elite gymnastics meet posted online to distract me!
work and watching elephants    long day  time for bed! next time i will be sure to take some pictures 
i finally got a 10 today in diving! wooooooooo    it was for synchronization with my 8th grader synchro partner   smile 
soooo    no more hw ever? ahaha yayyyyyyyyy  unless i didnt pass my capstone course  hopefully this means im done with schoooooool!
"results are in    i passed my capstone course  i officially am done with grad school! wooooooooo!\\ps  if you went to mvy for gymnastics, then there is a reunion on june 25th!"
wooooo    reading  sleeping 
gymnastics is fun    but it kills your body  my back hurts!
like this status and i will tell you what i thought about you when i first met you 
open gym monday night    who wants to go?
"going to sleep    i must be getting old    can't seem to stay up late    okay  i lied, im going to go read a book first "
actually using aim for the first time in     i dont know how long!!! dtgwrock if you want to entertain me
i do believe we are trampolining again tomorrow night    everyones invited  smile 
"lightning, thunder, and rain    best summer weather! love it!"
suggest some good books for me     go!
super dizzy    and i was accidentally given a caffeinated drink    i haven't had a caffeinated drink in years  i feel jittery    and i didn't even drink very much  wow 
caffeine is like crack  crazy how you can feel it when you haven't had it in forever 
woooo    standing front double (okay more like 1 3 4) off vault into the pit  yayyyyyyyyyy for pits!
"estoy\cansada  voy a leer <propfemale> libro y tomar <propfemale>a siesta  y cuando me despierto,\quizá no estaré enojada y emocional  mañana será más mejor "
get to watch a behavioral bio scent preference test for lions early on tuesday morning! yayyyyyyyy for lions at 7am
meh    the term happy camper does not apply to me 
who wants to buy me a house? condo? let me rent for $20 a month? haha    ahh    why does rent have to be so e playful ensive? i wanna move out 
lets sum tonight up    or rather what tonight will be    otter pops and aca  annoyed 
"the only way to have a friend is to be one  <propmale> <propmale> <propmale> \you can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job  <propfirst> j  <propfirst>"
any awesome srsrc camp staff want to email me a copy of the session 6 schedule? that'd make my day    dive coach amy@gmail com pleaaaase and thanks  (cant access work emails at home  annoyed  )
"google images    you destroyed my innocence and my retinas  okay, so maybe you only destroyed one of those too, but still    ahhhhh"
woooooooo  day off tomorrow    sort of  get to score a couple hours worth of lion behavioral data     i want this to be my job!
still super tired from getting up early yesterday!! i feel so old   sad  and i need to get up early again tomorrow  eeek
"woooo    padres game was fun  getting up way early tomorrow morning will not be fun  though, lions rolling in warthog poop is a great way to start the morning "
this season of shooby dooby dance is over  laaaaame  i hate waiting 
sooo     sleeepppyyyy          
just got to hotel in la for masters diving nationals  sleepy    staying in the hotel from the lethal weapons movies apparently  unless my mother is lying to me
oh boy    3m this morning  have to <propmale> 2 dives i've never done before  haha 
day one of masters nationals done  third place 3m  naptime then banquet time  1m tomorrow 
"favorite quote at masters nationals \you can't make race horses out of jackasses \"" ahaha"""
done with 1m  third place  beat the goal i set for myself for my total score  going to read and nap  tomorrow is platform and synchro  might skip platform 
yes       dance  love it!!!!!!!! <propfirst> wissing    we are doing the yes dance when you get to sd!
"facebook keeps messing up    and not loading things     like chat, pics, people's pages  soooo i think it is trying to tell me that ive been on my computer too much for one night  though youtube is hilarious "
to prove <propfirst> helms wrong    list some so cal slang here!!!! doooo ittttttt!
"who knew cat bites required 3 iv doses, tetanus shot, and antibiotics? nap time"
my droid laugh ead  what did  we do before cell phones??? grrr 
jk    droid revived itself  weird 
since mommy and daddy didn't create any siblings for me    i had to give credit to some of those i know who are like siblings  smile 
"so, walk on the wild side at zoo about to begin  umm e playful lain to me why my post is the closest to being a cheerleader??"
"dear <propmale> denhart jejeje estas disfrutando el juego de futbol, mi amigo? jeje creo que debo hablar contigo solamente en espanol  voy a escribir <propfemale>as ideas randomas  puedes pintar tu camion preciosa el color <propfemale>  tienes <propfemale> trabajo con personas locas  el cielo es azul, pero ahora, es noche  entonces, el cielo es negro  tienes dos armas  tengo <propfemale> gato  no me gustan las gorilas  tu estas conf<propfemale>dido  con respeto!"
"my internuts is down  guess \borrowing\"" it from an unknown neighbor won't work out tonight    soooo going to read the city of dreaming books """
the main character is a dinosaur! it has illustrations too! but not written for kids  nope nope 
"dinner, <propmale> burnham special on tv, and sleepover with my mehmzy!!! yayyyyyyyy i  love  the mehmz "
who put together a mini vacuum and a floor lamp?? i did! so domestic    now i have enough light to read! stoked!
"\like\"" this status and i'll post something on your wall that begins with \""the truth is   \"" wooooooo"""
put this as ur status and see what people rate you : 1 - crazy 2 - i'd kissyou ; 3 - attractive ; 4 - sarcastic ; 5 - i miss you ; 6 - best friend; 7 - moody ; 8 - smart ; 9 - energetic ; 10 - datable ; 11 -random ;12 - hot ; 13 - funny ; 14 - sexy ; 15 - amazing ; 16 - tough hmmmmm
hmmm should i dive in a meet on saturday?
shower  clean apartment  be lazy  maybe watch dance showcase?? i wanna goooo 
"mehmzy and i met <propmale> burnham! mehmzy got a signed shirt, <propmale> autographed our tickets, and he took pictures with us!!!"
can't wait to dive in the rain with <propfemale>! i know she's super excited for it too hahaha   just hope it doesn't get too <propfemale>!
and its gonna be cold the whole week!! sweatpants at work!! yesssssssss     super excited!
i am absolutely loving the rain! watching covert affairs right now   smile 
just got back from <propfemale>    was a lot of fun    thanks mom & dad  ps  i hate boats 
sick and bored  if you have aim and want to entertain me: dtgwrock
i need some good book suggestions please     as many as possible  smile 
off to work  then groceries  blah 
groceries came to $69  fyi 
"observed mandrills & colobus, worked, potroast dinner, and now aqua teen hunger force before bed "
i  love  my coworkers  make work fun 
"awesome lunch with my italian twin, <propfemale> martorana   thanks for the fun time! also had fun today watching the mandrills and kikuyu colobus monkeys  and i got a 100% on my diving written final haha  and now, im tired, dizzy, and my jaw hurts for no reason  its time for some me time  smile "
its supposed to rain this weekend! yes!!!
mandrill & colobus smackdown  wow 
i always seem to stay up way too late  i suppose it is because that is the time i have to myself  gahhhh     waking up early tomorrow is not going to be fun!
"secret <propfemale> at work was fun! thank you, <propfemale> yates for my book! i'm super excited! i  love  reading!!! and i  love  my coworkers! super fun people! now, im giving my paycheck to itunes    music tv show suggestions anyone?"
get in at diving at mesa today? i think not  go there to <propfemale> out in my sweatpants and sweatshirt? i think yes   smile 
"kinda hyper    if you wake me in the morning i will be delirious  just fyi  aaaand now to get ready to walk through an elephant enclosure, in the rain, which means mud  hopefully i wont fall in with the elephants lol"
i am sleeping!
i love the rain! and now it is time for a glee episode and then bed 
watched more glee than e playful ected  up late again  going to fall asleep to the sounds of the rain and some music  night
it's like a remix of a couple of country songs is stuck in my head!
goodnight    early morning tomorrow  yuck 
thank you sdsu for your overcrowding  finding holiday parking is simple since i spent 4 years in your parking structures cursing  life e playful erience thanks to sdsu
<propfemale> christmas! it's been a good day so far  now a nap to make it even better ahaha
its raining! i love it! and i love my family and friends! goodnight  smile 
good morning  good day  good night   goodnight 
just watched an mtv's made episode with kids i will be coaching this spring turning themselves into a boyband  should be an interesting dive season  smile 
"birthday plans    bank, work, visit <propfemale>, visit <propfirst>, rager with my bff brother  smile  (and by rager    i mean laugh at children, i mean with children, and fail at something, and get teased for something lol)"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! i appreciate them! had a good birthday day  smile 
why am i so awake right now? this sucks!
fml 
"good morning! breakfast with zach heinemann , <propfemale> armstrong heinemann , and <propfemale> mehmzy <propfirst> ! we demand that <propfirst> smith come back to sd!"
"dinner with <propfemale> mehmzy <propfirst> , <propmale> <propfirst> , <propfemale> etzel , and <propfemale>! i  love  them!"
oh new facebook    i feel like your sole purpose is to bring happiness and joy to stalkers  effing creepy 
haha    6 hours til i have to get up  this is why i have a hard time focusing while coding behavioral data 
"for whatever reason, i really want to go diving while it is snowing  i think that would be fun  cold - yes  fun - yeah! or at least in the rain  smile "
read  sleep  uh oh its past midnight  annoyed 
i <propmale>' have to work tomorrow!!!!! i'm kinda excited!!! research at the safari park and then maybe diving? ehhh!!!! so stoked!!!!
"woooo    done with research today  now gonna read, nap, clean my mansion, and then i dunnooooo "
"so domestic! doing laundry, doing dishes, and eating leftovers! haha"
gooooodnight 
i can't wait to win the lotto  i will have my own fantasy factory and i will spend most of my time volunteering for animal nature science places 
"i have the best family, bf, and bff ever  smile "
"good day    definitely starting to get sore from staff workout, got to go in the pool though, had a good time coaching lessons, and i'm quite possibly bruised from misusing sporting equipment in a super fun way   smile  now, music time and then goodnight"
i wanna go to sea world! i have my pass already  smile 
any divers interested in doing a little coaching? let me know please    i may have an opportunity for you
some kids are just way better to <propfemale> out with than others 
i  love  awkward moments  eeek 
"dear <propfemale> <propfemale>, you make my ear angry, even if you do bring lovely weather  i strongly dislike you and you make it difficult for me to do anything without being dizzy  love, me"
anyone going to wanna go to watch the level 10 and elite session of a gymnastics meet on sunday?
divers!!!! anyone interested in coaching dive 3-6 hours per week? anyonee?? can make the practice schedule based around your schedule  smile 
"diiiive meeeeet  hope my ear can handle it    if not, at least i get to watch some of my fave divers! good luck <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> <propmale>!  smile "
"first place on 3m today  didn't get very good scores, but i suppose that's what happens when all you do in warmups is one front jump pike  i mean, why warm up my dives? i did them in august    so that was enough warmup right? hahaha fun!!! now, tv on laptop, nap, then laundry "
so excited to be at work right now   annoyed  if only this computer program didn't hate meeee   
head hurts  it's only 10 smile 0  suppose i shall read some more of tucker <propmale>'s new book  i miss the days of wandering sdsu's library and finding random books to enjoy (that and sleeping in the library basement)    i need to go to a library soon to peruse the books 
it's soooooo <propfemale>! wind freaks me out more than storms    i don't want a tree to land on my head  i am not parking in the back lot at work    that tree is going to fall on someone's car 
i will not get ninja'd today  i will not get ninja'd today! damn you <propfirst> helms!!!
i wish aaf bucks were real money  i'd be a lot richer after cleaning my apartment!  smile 
good night hanging out with <propfirst> <propfirst>! i  love  him!  smile  goodnight 
"hate when people ask for signatures at grociery stores, esp  psychos  told him no thanks and he asks \u don't like me? is it because i hate homos?\"" wtf?!"""
"had an awesome day with <propfemale> <propmale> rio, kyoka hashimoto, <propmale> denhart, and <propfirst> helms    except for getting ninja'd twice  i shall have my revenge! but it was a super fun day  smile "
gonna rain wednesday  thru sunday  so excited!! sweatpants at work!! yessss!!!
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and the people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so love the people who treat you right, pray for those who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is a part of life  getting back up is living  stolen from <propfemale> armstrong heinemann  smile "
"just had a slight freakout moment when it finally hit me that dive season is starting on saturday  goodbye any free time  goodbye sanity  thankfully <propfemale> grabowy and i are in it together    and it's always good see the pusd diving fam, right <propfemale> margrave and <propmale> norby? so glad i coach in the district that i do!!! fun, genuinely nice people!"
happy <propfirst>'s day! i  love  <propfirst> <propfirst>!
first day of dive season tomorrow!
"safari park for fun (not volunteering), pick up cd for research, then coach diving! yayyyyyyy"
so tired  so warm with these blankets  goooooodnight 
it's raining! yayyy! take that <propfirst> helms! punishment for your ninja-ing! hahahahaaaaaaaa
hailing ahhhh
"ahahahaha facebook lets you \like\"" the scripps ranch swim & racquet club    oh wow  that's just    i'm speechless  ahhahaha"""
heyyy worrrrrlllld! just wanted to let everyone know that <propfirst> helms was unable to ninja me today!!! ahaha! yes!
"srhs diver: \what i lack in talent i make up for in enthusiasm!!!!\"""""
"diver 1: i've learned the secret to being straight forever\diver 2: at least i don't have to worry about u coming on to me anymore"
"laundry, cleaning, dinner, and camp brochure  what a fun time   annoyed "
its so early and yet i am totally ready to go to sleep  i am not a fan of the time change 
ughhhh too early  third day of dive meets in a row  just like next week 
first time running an invitational electronically    success! oh dive season    why are you so stressfull and so rewarding all at once?
nap time!
it's raining! doing laundry    and being lazy 
"dear <propfirst> helms, you may be kicking my butt in all of our games, but that doesn't change the fact that it is raining!! ahahahahahaaha  love , me"
time for dive meet number 4 today    only like 15 more to go before end of the season  need sleeeeeep 
so exhausted    6 dive meets in 2 weeks  ahhh  nap time very soon 
i  love  my friends that i work with! and i hate facebook for android  unrelated but totally true 
