0d4c5619191235aa193412cd4e68924f
hurt her metacarpal phalangeal joint on her right foot at the new years party   stupid blow up race thing!!
got sick and missed her first two classes of the semester   blech
is having fun with rubbing alcohol and matches   mwahahaha!!!
had a freakin' awesome time with one of her most favorite of people   that's right hailee   i'm talking about you  wink 
hasn't used this much text in a long time lol
is wondering what the crap she got herself into   will life ever be simple again?
is hoping to survive the next week    stay alive!  stay alive!
gets spoiled with chicken vegetation
"is sure that if she crams one more anatomy term in her head, it will implode"
finally played fire frisbee and almost got caught by the popo!!
"was extremely high off life last night   or should i say, this morning?"
wants to cry     why!!?!?!?  why?!?!??!!
is obsessed     definitely obsessed
is wishing she could shut off her mind
feels      weird
is bored out of her mind    but she should enjoy it while she can
isn't really sure what to think anymore   
is hoping and praying she can work things out
is so happy!!!  everything has worked out perfectly!  thank goodness!!!!
is sooooo tired
is marvelling at all the coincidental runins she had yesterday   coincidence?  i think not!!! if you ask me the whole thing is highly suspect!!!
is a super taster!!!
is wondering where the weekend went
had a very very very very very long exhausting day today   and she didn't even get her laundry done 
finally got her laundry done   hurray!!!
is about to eat thai food    i'm so dang frickin' excited   haven't eaten there in months!
"likes purple monkeys, but they tormnent me in my sleep,  so i fear them too    it's a vicious never ending cycle"
wishes she didn't have to stay here this weekend  sad 
due to grammatical correction is supposed to say that she wishes she wasn't so responsible by doing the right thing staying in rexburg this weekend 
due to further grammatical correction is supposed to say that she wishes she weren't so responsible by doing the right thing staying in rexburg this weekend   playful 
has the ability to turn brothers against each other   didn't know i had that power
would very much like a break
will most definitely have to be careful   gosh frickin' darn it!!!
"gets free printing due to the tender mercies of <propfemale>   therefore, marvelous <propfemale> gets her job   fair exchange?  hmmm    "
was cleansed spiritually and physically yesterday  smile 
once again feels like she's digging through a pile of crap for a bread crumb 
is quarantined     pooh   
is prolly not going to be in rexburg this winter    dunno    gotta pray about it  
is calming herself down
never ceases to be amazed
just got attacked by makeup
has a test every day of this week     what the heck?!?!  i didn't think it could worse    it just did  
shouldn't have said anything   just found out it's not five tests   it's six lol
is finally done all her tests!!!  praise be!!!
got six yahtzee's in two games!!!!!  holy craziness!!!
just realized the bulk of her homework is anatomy and physiology    hmmm    the root of all my problems this semester
played the drums today and realized how amazing they are   it's seriously a high when you're playing properly and on beat
is all dressed up and ready to eat and then dance!!!
is so not ready for school to start back up again  annoyed 
is so so so so grateful for the thanksgiving break!!  the small break was exactly what she needed
is wondering why she was excluded    hmmm    
is super tired   need   sleep    
"is managing school with a combination of horkleys, hand and foot, and talking on the phone"
is done with two finals     only six more to go!!!
is torn
is almost done her papers!!!  whahoo!!  i pretty much have my picture to take and the getting of my license  playful   stupid washington
is missing her friends like crazy!!!  come save meeeeeeee!!!!
saw purple monkeys today   aren't they lovely to behold?
"is preparing for her super big, top secret trip to seattle for a whole dang week!!  i'm stoked!"
has done the dirty deed   she has officially shut off her cellphone!!  i feel like a different person   
ate some pretty darn good pizza today   but it did not measure up to craigos   i think i'm obsessed
talked to bishop last night!!  one more interview to go!!
has found a running <propmale>!!  i found a condor running around in my backyard and he makes a great exercise partner!!!
is loving these beautiful <propfemale> days out here!!!  i am loving it!!
's papers are officially sent!!!  now i just have to do my favorite thing called waiting  playful 
is busy busy busy and it feels good  smile 
is strongly disappointed with with the pieces of paper that are delivered in her box day after day
cannot believe it but she did get mail today and it was a <propfemale> ticket   i got a check from the government:  a whole whopping 59 dollars and 54 cents!!
was wrong    she really did get the <propfemale> ticket in the mail!!!
is called to serve in the canada toronto west mission english speaking!!!  i head out to the mtc on june 2nd 
"saw <propfemale> in wonderland    it was ok, neither good nor bad   i wanted to hack off <propfemale> hathaway's arms though!!"
made a very yummy dinner    and cookies   mmmmm
has figured out why a <propfemale> is like a writing desk
tonights game between <propmale> and kansas was crazy!!!  i was on pins and needles the whole time!  sad day <propmale> didn't win    i was rooting for 'em 
is missing breadcrumbs
is    i don't know how i am   
got some prick pricks in my shoulders today    the lady told me they would hurt for the next few days   and i didn't even get a lollypop!!!   playful 
is all ready to go and serve   now i just have to wait   
"got scared in the <propfemale> today, which led to the destruction of the zipper on her dress"
i'm home!!!  for a week and then i leave for reals!!!
"ate a country cow yesterday   it most definitely said, \maouuuuu!!\"""""
is officially a missionary!! two more days people!!
"is leaving tomorrow morning! here is my mtc address annoyed \sister <propfemale> brandley\mtc mailbox # 145\can-torw 0623\2005 n 900 e\provo, ut 84604-1793\\i'll be in canada in three weeks  my mom will be updating my new addresses when they change  until then you can send letters to the mission office annoyed \sister <propfemale> brandley\canada toronto west mission\197 county court blvd ste 203\brampton, on l6w 4p6"
