a1c7495789bbe52861ad66c5b673e7d3
hungover    'nuff said     
here i am   it's 5:18 in the morning in our new house   and i'm still awake   damn morning is coming fast   
"why do people park in driveways, and drive on parkways?"
well the next man will be the luckiest in extincense  
damn i can't spell lol
"dude, i am so behind the times here   i never even looked at myspace til about a year ago   but this facebook thing cracks me up    i never thought i would be talking to the old school gang ever again!! but it's great to see how everyone is doing   everyone is still alive! good stuff  "
"as all of you people from highschool know, i never liked having my picture taken lol   look at the yearbooks, i'm not there! but when i get a pic i like i'll put it up just for you <propfemale> lol  "
and i guess i must not have been such a rotten apple in highschool after all    everyone still loves me! lol
can you download music? download mushroomhead: solitaire unraveling    it fits my mood right now
"actually    download \hell yeah\"" : you wouldn't know"""
"my relationship with my woman is a good one  but everyone always wonders if the relationship is what they want   if ever in doubt: spend a weekend with a couple that fights everyday,  if not every couple hours  we were a happy couple when we showed up at their house   but after one night, we both knew how good we have it, and how much we communicate  love takes many forms   i am just glad mine does not include drama "
it's been almost 2 years since <propfemale> and i hooked up    we have never yelled at each other once! 2 years without a fight? i am pretty sure i have found the right woman  wink 
did you know that butterflies taste with their feet?
metal is the best thing has ever happened to music!!! crank it up!!!
can you taste the colors that you hear?
do ya have yahoo messenger? add me   justinwayne40@yahoo com!
is currently finding more oldschool friends from highschool that wanna get together soon for our own lil reunion! even trying to import someone from florida  
"if a man is all alone in the woods, with no women to see it, is he still wrong?"
which is better? sunrise? or sunset?
which is better? taco <propfemale> or <propfirst> in the box?
"i love asking random questions lol    the answers are awesome! how about this   if a rooster lays an egg on a roof, which side does it roll down?"
did ya hear about the leggo company buying <propfirst> jacksons body? they're gonna melt him down and turn him into toy blocks so kids can play with him for a change   lol
"if you could have one super power, what would it be?"
do ya guys like this profile pic better? lol
"he he, i convinced my girl some gangbanger held me up at gunpoint today lol, i love april fools! lol"
"then i told her i cut my finger off lol   again, i love april fools lol"
"what has one foot on each side, and one in the middle?"
actually the answer was a yardstick    where the hell is your mind these days? lol
"if you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be ?"
i want all the creepy things i'm not allowed to have  
"yes, yes, i have returned bitches! being without internet sucks more than i remembered it being  <propmale> all for the happy birthday wishes! i shall be in touch  "
know what a ghost fart smells like? sheet   
"woo hoo! got tickets to see deftones, mastadon, and <propfemale> in chains!!! october can't get here soon enough!"
funny thing about sanity   you can never lose what ya never had   
"ok, now they are making a smurfs movie   not sure what to think of that   anyone remember the thundercats? yeah, they're making a movie about them too   80's is definetely making a comeback  "
"dude! to all my homies that knew me back in the days of highschool   go to you tube, and watch the top 100 music videos from vh1 in the 90's! it'll bring back alot of good memories!"
getting ready to go to seattle for my first concert of the year    i love watching bands in clubs! much more intimate   too bad i have to wait til october to see <propfemale> in chains though dammit!!
why do they call it common sense    when so few people possess it? makes me wanna smoke some beer and drink some weed    sheesh!
people think drugs are bad? keeping up with the kardashians and jersey shore  kill more brain cells than all the drugs  on this planet combined!
"if a guy spends 30 minutes on his hair before he leaves the house, he is no longer a man   "
and to all the virgins of the world: thanx for nothing! lol
"i wanna be like some people and complain about my life every single fucking day    oh wait, i have better things to say    "
cut my head today and had blood pouring down my face before i realized it   though it was sweat til i wiped my forehead    it was pretty cool lol  
opinions are like assholes    everyone has one and they all stink!
"if you could have 3 wishes    what would the be? and no, a divorce or world peace doesn't count lol   "
"dear god: give us the original singer from <propfemale> in chains back, and you can have <propfirst> <propmale> in return   amen "
happy holidays everyone
sad to say it   but i wanna mova back to kitsap county   been in tacoma for two years and still don't know anyone at all  
sports suck   i will never understand it    we kick a ball then run   exciting   
<propfirst> ass 3d is pretty funny   just hope ya have a strong stomach for certain parts if ya watch it lol  quicksilverscreen com has tons of free movies!
know how to make 3 pounds of fat look good? put a nipple on it  
