e14085f7de6ce8e68173646b54439a82
happy new year! get your resolutions ready people! cause the new year is hear to stay!
just got back from chicago!
just got done with the anime dance! it was a complete success! hooray!!! everyone was had a good time!!!!  smile 
finally got some christmas shopping done 
excited for christmas!!!!
"says <propfemale> christmas to all! and i also got some sweet stuff! new phone, texting, and a <propfirst> <propmale> poster with the album covers! what more could one want?"
just watched the corpse bride  it was pretty good! the <propmale> was wonderful and the character were so cute!
"last status of 2010    i gotta think of something clever    you can do this, <propfemale>! think!  annoyed  i know, here's a clever quote! \all men should strive\",e14085f7de6ce8e68173646b54439a82,spirit week rulez! go springfield!! kick butt tonight!!!
"today will be a busy, yet fun day! back to back to back i got show choir practice, a cooking class, and helping out scholastic bowl (for extra credit of course)"
"hmmm     still sore from track, but somehow, it makes me feel stronger "
i ate too many chips    i feel sick    
i just got a belated christmas fro my dad! a dvd of <propfirst> <propmale> live in japan!! and this is it!! woooo!!!
"invite  hmmm     music lame  food, who doesn't like cookies? and it's always fun to <propfemale> with friends, so not bad  also, there were free necklaces and glow sticks! yeah, i guess i had fun   smile "
valentines day! and i'm stuck at home! hoooray! dads are great aren't they?
the olympics were sooo good! i love the couples ice skating! <propfemale> and germany did the best tonight! so graceful! yay!
<propfemale>'s skating couple zhang zhang were wonderful! so were russia's couple after them! looking forward to germany's and <propfemale>'s other couple! their outfits are so pretty and the routines are so romatical!  laugh   who shall be victorious?
<propfirst> white killed in snow boarding!!! he annihilated in the first round and finished with his new move!!! dude! was so epic!!! and there were some <propmale> wipe out on women's skiing    sad  but looking forward to men's skating tomorrow!! yes i love the olympics       laugh 
"<propfirst> weir, daisuke, and lyseck ftw!!! go go go!!"
"(continued)  he accepted it wiith more grace than i e playful ected  and the adorable daisuke takahashi of japan got third and did well despite his blunders  <propfirst> weir did wonderfully (perhaps his best ever) and got cheated, but i'm still happy with the outturn of the medals!!  so pumped right now!!! yeah!!!  laugh  ( i should be an official reviewer )"
(read top to bottom  i had to many letters   ) no words can be used to describe the epicness that went down in the olympics tonight! american <propfirst> lysacek won gold with a performance with such grace it melts the heart! the russian skater pushinko was the determined villian that got rightfully put into second though aiming for gold 
ice dancing tonight! stay tuned for my review lol!
"happy birthday to grandpa, happy birthday to grandpa! happy birthday dear grandpa, we love you so much! cha cha cha!"
show choir competition tomorrow at south east at one o clock! we're gonna rock it!! be there or be square!!  laugh 
alright! we can do this! show time!
"no track today, but i still have a choir concert  hope the track ladies do good at their meet! i forgot to wish hem luck     so, go senators!  laugh "
"back from the math-a-thon in chicago! my little bro did good, but they didn't make state  taught my dad how to play ninja and went to borders there  it was a pretty good time  but you know how driving for hours in a car with your family can get    "
"about to go to a beatles thing with my mom, <propmale> and a neighbor  i wonder how it will go   "
off to chorus practice! tonight were gonna dance!!  laugh 
"went to school to go to chorus practice, and it turned out to be cancelled  however, it turned out there was a spring fling with band  i went in and got to learn a cool dance, listen to some jazz music, and <propfemale> with some friends  though i was not dressed up like the others     laugh  but my dancing wasn't too shabby  not a bad way to cure the blues "
"hard workout in track, but gives you a nice strong feeling afterwards, if you don't pass out it was a good day today   laugh "
"finally finished watching spirited away  i love that movie, it's definitely one of my favorites  the drawings of the scenery and people is just breath taking  the story is sweet too "
played volleyball for the first time in forever  so fun! i still got it!
off to go visit my brother and his new house! can't wait to see him!  laugh 
we got here  it's a nice cute house  good job bro!
easer <propfemale> came to town and left zip lock baggie baskets! m&m's and peeps for me!
why can't my family ever get along? would one night of peace really be so bad?
"the play is shaping up! it's looking better and better  two practices a day is tough, but i can make it! or die trying! no, that would be bad   "
if you're brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3 talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8 dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny  14: fit   15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute   18: rude   19: simple   20: strong  21: good friend   rate!
had a good weekend but is still tired  hopefully a good nights sleep tonight will help 
it seems i don't have much to report nowadays besides practices and school   
"it's my brother's birthday today! yay! happy birthday, <propmale>! we went to smokey bones and had a nice family dinner   laugh "
practice was a blast! and i have the anime convention tomorrow! i'll try and take lots of pictures to show anime club!
"the anime con was pretty awesome! i will upload pics soon  there were some crazy awesome costumes up there and i got to know my shg anime buddies a little better  i missed the rave, but i'm sure they can fill me in  being around so many people who like the same stuff i do is kind of surreal  and the merchandise was really cute!"
the play is tonight! 7 smile 0 in the auditorium! 5$ for students and 8$ for adults! look for me in the pink dress!  laugh 
we beasted the play! it was so much fun! then we had a fun after party at steak and shake! now we just gotta do it again tomorrow!  laugh 
all shook up's final showing is tonight! the whole thing has been really fun  it's gonna be sad when it's over    but the show is at 5 today  you should come if you don't have anything else going on!  laugh 
"just got my teeth cleaned! now they are all nice and smooth  i don't want to eat anything now, but i'm kinda hungry    and our bathtub is being destroyed as we speak    crash! bam! boom! we're getting a new one   laugh "
tried to sing like snow white    must've been off key though    no cute furry creatures came to clean my room    
"the weather at this moment could not be any more perfect        a little wind, just a little cool, spring flowers blooming, what more could you need?  laugh "
and my dad just got a facebook     this should be interesting    
had fun at the mall with <propfemale>!  laugh  dress shopping and whatnot! first time hanging on a school night in forever     this should be done more often!
"the concert tonight was so fun! seven senators \hide and seek\"" by imogen heap gave me chills! good job everyone!  laugh """
"and today the lock on my locker had to be cut off! six people and myself suffered a brutal battle, but it wouldn't open! so, it had to be destroyed  hyah! so farewell young lock  we had a good run while it lasted  but then you held my stuff hostage, and for that i cannot stand "
anime club was fun! it leaves me happy and recharged!! we did things a little different today! thanks for coming you guys! did you guys like it?
"well at least that gosh darn chemisrty test is out of the way, now i can focus on more fun things, like my speech tomorrow! prepare to learn how to draw anime people third hour! yah!"
today we made silver coke bottles in chemistry! and my prom dress was decided on  i'm wearing my mom's old one  it's my profile pic  i really like it   laugh 
got her laptop back!  laugh 
<propfemale>'s home has been invaded by amphibians from africa  o o
schooool's out for the summer! na na na na na na
i'm going to farmer's market!  laugh  i wonder if garlic man will be there    and my aunt <propfemale> is visiting from washington!
today was really fun day! had a great bike ride and some awesome adventures while riding downtown  also i got a job!  laugh  ahh! at <propmale> e cheese! so yeah!
has strawberry pocky!!!  laugh 
"if you like this status, i will post something on your wall that i like about you  make this your status for a challenge  try it  i dare you "
all packed and ready to head off to alaska! getting up dreadfully early tomorrow     laugh 
"hey guys! i'm back!!  laugh  i know you missed me! sorry to say i didn't have time to miss you guys, but i was having too much fun in alaska  everybody who is anybody will wanna hear about the happenings  the pics range from hilarious to beautiful, so let me know your thoughts and questions  they'll be up soon  and <propfemale> and <propfemale>, you say you want a cute boy each? take your pick from the the photos, well, all but one   "
"omg!! toy story 3 was so epic words cannot describe it! so touching, hilarious, and really you just couldn't ask for a better end to a childhood movie  x3 if anyone wants to gather a posse and go see it with a ton of people i am so there! actually, i really do wanna do that    drop me a note if you're interested, if not, i will search for you!  laugh "
"i just pwned my family in wii bowling! 217! can i get a what what?  laugh  and now for my favorite, tennis! hyah!"
"poetry class, i think i'm doing good! i might put the poem up here, but the poem was about death  that was the assignment  idk if you guys wanna read about that though  x3"
"ok, i just gotta run! it'll be fast and furious cuz i got company on the way, but this pent up energy has got to go! rawr!"
"<propfirst>'s home guys (my big bro for those who don't know)!  laugh  visiting and stuff since it's mom's birthday tomorrow! 4th of july! we're playing tennis, motorcycle riding and other fun stuff! and i'm gonna bake a carrot cake from scratch! x3"
"announcement: water fight on july 4th at 12-2  its at the park on calhoun and 2nd street  if you come bring a water gun, or if you lack those, water balloons! the mastermind for this is nico, and message text call if you've got any questions  what better way to celebrate independence day?   laugh "
"<propmale> camp in michigan tomorrow! x3 idk exactly how long i'll be gone, with dad you never know  the 18th maybe? perhaps i'll return the <propfirst> <propfirst> of our generation     laugh "
"sooo, i'm back!  laugh  hazzah! camp was a blasty blast! i've learned i can actually do improv quite well    whoduthunk? if i could out all my camp friends in my pocket, i would keep them all! x3"
is in the sparkliest mood of her life!  laugh  *<propfemale>* (don't ask  or do if you must  laugh )
"so, i've officially walked on water  you can begin worshipping me any time now  laugh "
omg! the sub we had pronounced my last name right on the first try      laugh 
a girl in my class didn't know who <propmale> <propmale> was    o o mortal sin 
"wherever i go, a trail of glitter follows  wink "
"tomorow's twin day, but i will be matching four others    quintuplets?  laugh "
"my dad has discovered the winking face for texting! \ wink \"" o o i think he learned it from my <propmale> teacher too! lord help us all      laugh """
film club is so awesome!  laugh  i shall become a regular for sure! you guys seriously rock my sox!
has officially been inducted into nhs!  laugh  *does a macho pose while staring off into the distance*
i come home from my halloween party to find a brand <propmale> collins cd on my bed  my conclusion: we have a <propmale> collins <propfemale> in my house!  laugh  or a very observant stalker  i personally hope for the first one  laugh 
"i tip my hat to all of the cast, crew, and especially our fantastic director, <propfemale> martsch, for a job well done on noises off tonight  you guys were beyond fabulous! the timing and acting was all just so phenomenal  no lie, you guys delivered a perfect opening night!!  laugh "
"not to have a generic facebook status or anything, but <propmale> potter was bloody brilliant!  laugh  absolutely amazing  it surpasses all my nerdy hopes & dreams! x3 for those of you who have yet to see it, get your fannies out there!  laugh "
"monday is going to be a sad day for shs  we had a bright <propfemale> taken way before his prime  he was loved by many and will be missed  i wish i had known ya better <propmale>, but i remember you always made us laugh back in mrs  barkmeier's class freshman year will all your shenanigans and for that i thank you  smile  rip @<propmale> hines  it's strange to think you'll no longer be inhabiting our halls   "
"dear phone charger, please some back  i miss you t t"
tonight's concert was really fun!  laugh  <propfemale> surprised me by showing up and gave me a flower x3 yay! and tomorrow's the anime dance rave! prepare yourselves for the greatest social gathering of nerds springfield will ever see!!!  laugh 
"just wanted to say thanks to everyone who came & supported the anime dance rave! we had like 60-70 guests!  laugh  i think everybody had a great time! couldn't have done it alone, so thanks to <propfirst> <propfirst> adams, <propfirst> dhermy, gabe krukowski,  <propfemale> zehr, <propfemale> mcdaniel, aidan singh (running out of room   ) well, you all know who you are! if you don't you'll know monday! seriously, you guys rock! hugs 4 all!  laugh "
? i played black ops and i liked it ?  wink 
i will see all you long lost friends tomorrow!  laugh  i'll be at school decked out in my new <propmale> potter gear i got for christmas 'splaying my nerdness loud and proud  wink 
"i found the post office all by myself and mailed my first package!  laugh  go, <propfemale>! x3"
