34c2a58da4ff752d0e8f8025b09ccac0
slightly annoyed
sleep seems good but im to wired to care
this vacation is a drag    hasnt stopped raining and im inhailing water   
wondering why there are so many people in this room
rain rain go away come again another day!!
blah blah blah
talkin to an alien baby from children's
omg! a river!
going to draw
is done with ass holes
baby ravioli
9 bears today in cades cove
awwe hes a cutie!!
tayla bored <propfemale> happy it no rainy day is good
grrrrrrrrr! grr people! grrrrrrrrr!
igit
lousy gits  cant trust any of them  and certainly cant depend on them     must be a character flaw
school    fun     playful 
so bored  need socks  grr muscles     i dunno
family fun time!!
tamagotchi beep
food! mah belly wants food!
aibcadmefsgohibjokrlemdnloaplqarlsatluawlyaalnadlza
"<propfemale> brat ate my ice cream, and he isnt even sorry about it"
numms  mama made pizza-burgers
: sick and tired of people taking stuff that doesnt belong to them!
im bored     bored    bored    bored    bored    bored    bored    bored    bored    bored   bored     bored    bored    bored    bored    bored   
me lovey halloweeny!! and a <propfemale> bug!
gymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgymgym
stupid college thingy    
mmm mamas chicken and rice! derreesheeious
haha  i left early    mmmmmmm tortellini!
gotta go to workworkworkwork     bleh!!
mmmmm days off taste good!
ima goin to da gymgymgym today!! i need some luck   
i dont like tanning    it makes me smell funny
tired of lawlessness and carelessness
me wansa play da uno!
im broke  sad 
i burned my mouth  sad  stupid hot chocolate
a 5 oz  bird cannot <propfemale> a 1 lb coconut
me full of mexican goodness    off to beachy at nighty time    k bye
"i like the ¨blue thingy¨ (i named it, jovani just made it up)"
mom needs to get home so we can make this freekin turkey
changing my room
happy her family is on facebook so that she can talk to the easier now!
blahblahblah
worked 8 5 hours today     yay money!!
"just got off work, doing school work and watching svu marathon"
arg!! i hate writing papers     
resolving family issues     so satisfying
cookie makin tomarrow with biggie brother and mommie mom  hurray!! they is my fav!
all the shopping done! finally! <propfemale> christmas!
happy freakin' new year to all of you!!! i hope this year everyone makes at least one new friend!!!!
happy easter!!
weed  the wonder plant 
when the bottom of your pants fold up under your ass and disapear    your pants are too small 
mindless boredom    but i have a hat so it's ok 
"ok  so this is what you do  you take jello, mush it up on your plate  next add reddiwhip  your final step is to smash your face into it and inhale "
i want tiramisu! gimme money!!
circus!
kiki and jiki are coming tomorrow for brandons birthday!!!
can you make ice by boiling water? e playful lain!
victory is mine!!
i wants me a cuppy cake!!!!
going from and 18 to 14 is itchy!!!
first day of rotr!! amazing!!! i cannot talk   laugh  woo!!
praying for shade
i feel like over cooked bacon    
moonpies!!
grrr
"perhaps its not that our generation that feels indestructable, but maybe we are so aware of how destructable we are, that we live life to its fullest "
"failure tastes like a bad turnip, i dont like turnips!!"
ipad    want one  lol 
my windows were down for 10 minutes  fml
first full nights sleep in over a month  i feel so awsome right now 
yarg 
no work today    still can't figure out why i'm awake   
i feel lemoney fresh
terrible day at work
why won't it just end already?!
mmmmmm  ice cream 
you are an overly emotional whohaa
after finishing a book in a series that is incomplete leaves me feeling empty  write faster! i want to know how it ends!
"anyone want a free kitten? first shots, de-worming, first flee dip, heart treatment, ear mites all taken care of "
seriously    free <propfemale>
my hair is blue 
up at 5  dog not feeling well  threw up on sheets  good morning world  good night 
got me a new shirt
i don't want to care   
moo
w00t
i'm on team read-a-freakin-book  which side will you choose?
ah work  what would i do without you?
boyfriend out in the pacific somewhere  one best friend stuck in isolation  other best friend not speaking to me for some reason  i'm bored 
box box box  who has a box? i need a box  an imagination box 
your face says     bahblahblah!
god isn't perfect 
dead butterflies are bad juju   
why?! why?!
new furniture is here!
"and i'm supposed to care, why?"
"once again i find myself screaming \why?!\"" into the endlessness of space and time """
spongebob just mercilessly ripped a small animal in half   
ha! i got me a sketch pad!
i'm gonna make me a pie 12 mini pies actually 12 mini lemon meringue pies  nummy 
"coconut cakes with lime syrup  i'm taking a poll, who thinks this sounds good?"
classical mythology class  you wish you were here (no sarcasm intended) 
missing the gahanna fireworks because i works tonight   
can see the fireworks from the <propmale> hortons  woo baby!
need new job 
pshae 
"love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy  it does not boast "
bought a new set of rasps and don't know what to make 
finally updating trend micro!
ha!
you won't believe where i am 
"i'm looking for small to medium football gear  it's seriously needed, hit me up if you have some  (614) 288-7291"
need ice cream
why what?
i feel like i'm next to a male penguin
if only you knew how much i didn't care 
yay thunderstorms!!!!
"ever ask yourself, \why didn't i just leave?\"""""
dear god why?!
off to a good start in my mythology class!
"fixed up my night club  now im off to bed  some one, make sure i go to the gym tomorrow   "
pizza
teenagers stupid enough to text and drive = darwinism
cacapo!!
ways it to rain already because the sudden pressure change has brought on a super headache
bring it on mother nature  this game is fun 
your face 
i want a krabby <propfemale> so bad!!
how does one go about obtaining a srumdiddlyumptious bar?
if i don't create i will e playful lode!!!
what? havn't you gnawed on a <propfemale> before?
estoy en coshocton con elexus y los niños están locos 
loves her mommy
mythbusters is moose stomping!
has an imaginary friends named booji
i wish i could rock out like sponge <propmale> 
exam done  booya!!
plan b: eat yogurt 
ha!
sick and tired of fish 
placement testing tomorrow!
¡¿quieres <propfemale> gato?! ¡¿porque?!
to argue something doesn't exist is your own ignorance 
i have school every bloody day of the week!
needs someone to learn how to belly dance with her   
a7x and disturbed at nationwide tomorrow!!!!!
halestorm  pretty cool  loud  this should be outside 
<propmale> gets way to excited for a7x 
coheed and cambria tomorrow!
i want a pillow pet so bad!
i would like to fudderwhaken!
nifty 
mow? mow!!
i want hard boiled eggs!!
made it to michigan  excited  this house is awesome!
day 1: complete  on to day 2  
first day out on the water and we were hit with take force winds 
coming home  it's too cold to stay here 
"f*** <propmale> michaels! he killed \what i got\"" by sublime! that bastard!!"""
i need a new tv  a nice big one 
i am ready to decorate my room after living in it for 2 years 
"tomorrow, wow    work at 6 am interview at noon and then my very first class of the quarter at 2 smile 0    what did i get myself into?"
yar!!!!
<propfemale> my dear  i will miss you greatly  if anyone needs to talk my phone number is (614) 288-7291
i am too proud to allow this poison we call grief have hold of me  who will stand with me against the pain? we only lose if we allow ourselves too 
apparently i like salted papaya   
does newark have school tomorrow?
tattoo   itchy   no fun 
oh great car gods  let <propmale> finish my car quickly     i have school today!!
working at starbucks tonight  i'm gonna be so tired   
got my sister the most amazing birthday present ever!!
"the question isn't if you think abortion is morally wrong, the question is, \do you think its morally correct to take away a woman's right to choose?\"""""
i enjoy ranting 
does the ignorance of people on this world really know no bounds?
i need a roommate   
i have a credit card!
mow? im using an hp touch smart computer at the school! it's so awesome! i want one really bad now!
rain water burns the zim!
i find myself being more emotional while watching movies since the third 
"im closing tonight people!! start at six, come visit  laugh "
caterpillar ice cubes!!!!!!
tired of dealing with idiots and pretenders
mow? = joyful =
"driving to <propfemale> in a couple of weeks to visit the most magestic g-ma and see <propmale> potter 7 part 1 with the bestest friend ever! and <propfirst> is coming too    you wish you were cool enough to come, but you can't! because my car is little and you will not fit! ha! unless of course your <propfemale> and <propfemale> because then the two of you together makes 1 person you skinny people you   "
managed to write a math paper on narwhals  laugh 
closing tonight     come visit  joyful 
the voters of gahanna are complete idiots
"red hot chili peppers, cheese, pretzles, math homework and <propfemale> in wonderland    "
updated my list of books i own and the official count is 98    i need 2 and can finish off the year  laugh 
"kid rock, why do you look like a well dressed hobo?"
<-----look! no hair!
0( surprise )0 what monkey?!
"\character is a long standing habit\"" --plutarch"""
"dear child, taking nothing and turning it i to something is what i love to do    if you look around the world is wonderful "
count down to <propfemale> has begun 
"put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a michigan fan  being a wolverine fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for mf and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of osu fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy and paste as well as tie our shoes "
"oh turkey, why do you have to tire me so, you and your potato companions   "
if you ain't watchin' <propmale> potter in appomattox <propfemale> then you should go to bed!!
<propfemale> was so fun!
alphabet soup is numms and so is beef stew and babies    mmmm babies   joyful 
you and your race need some warm    here have mine    now isn't that better?
"where is this baby everyone keeps talking about? because if there is an invisible baby, i don't wanna step on it "
im bubbles! who are you?!
"what's better than a hotdog rolled in corn batter, then deep fried? nothing!!!!"
"\always <propfemale> to learn something useful\""--sophocles"""
"what has happened is not important, but why did it happen  these are the questions we must ask to find meaning in our own lives "
i love you! (that's not for anyone in particular   )
have a happy winter solstice everyone!!!
coming to you live from her new ipad!!!
missing the family big time   
tomorrow with the most amazing man's family  it will be fun!!
jesus isn't white    he lived in the middle east   
has new american brindle guinea pig named <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!
thank god the worst year in my history is over  kicking off the new year with <propmale>  loves!
<propmale> is coming home today    lets hope <propfemale> doesn't think he is one of her new chew toys   
to those who i have been chatting with    i'm gonna go to bed! i love you! nighty night!
here with my best friend elexus <propfirst> working at the best place ever starbucks  smile 
my dad is wolverine
you can't open revolving doors
"hmmm, broadway, what do you have to offer?"
what to do now all the <propmale> is gone   
"\an eye for an eye\"" doesn't always have to be a bad thing   """
just bought the most amazing skirt ever  can't wait till it gets here!!
it's supposed to be winter right?    so why in gods name is it raining?!
hmmmm  paint the basement today?
"i need a new tattoo, suggestions?"
the count down till new york begins   
"if you learn to roll with the punches then eventually you'll get up and say, \i can do a somersault\"""""
i desperatly want another coconut cream doughnut from <propfirst> pans in brooklyn   
hmm    what to do now   
let's put giant flower boxes off the side of bridges! if we make them big enough then we can grow trees over rivers and it will be magical!
sicky piggy    so sad   
hmmmm     anniversary tomorrow but no time to spend with <propmale>    sad sad day in the world of <propfirst>
make more cupcakes?i'm not sure    for sure not keepin them in my house!
"i made 20 cupcakes and within 30 hours there were three left    why family, why?!"
hurray obscurity!
"\the aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball \""--doug larson"""
"\go away  your face is making my eyes leak \"""""
hmmmm work     dunno how i feel about that 
working for <propfirst>'s day instead of spending it with <propmale>    another sad sad day in the world of <propfirst>  sad 
tell me why your face wants to be punched   
"this shep, great, grey, peanut loving poochie "
grrr  left my phone charger at work   
i can no longer safely eat red meat   
missing anatomy because i forgot what day it was    working <propfemale> paper instead    someone wanna help me?
"loves how the tune of \a bag of weed\"" was ripped off of chitty chitty bang bang's song \""me ol' bamboo\""  seriously  it makes me smile and think of <propmale> <propfirst> dyke   laugh """
"to all of you religious people annoyed you live forever through the effects you have on other peoples lives  if you want to die happy you need to do something worth while not say \i believe a now dead man existed so i am better than you and your gonna burn in hell unless you believe in this man too\"" if good people exist than so be it but if you believe only truly good people are christians than you live in a very sad world """
i can no longer wait for my <propmale> stay-cation!!
yay! i love getting stuff for free!! thank god for tire discounters!
"oh dear friend of mine,\i find myself missing you, \even after all this time   "
my dog = stupid
my phones brain e playful lodes this morning and i lost all my contacts   
"oh divine being that grants me the wondrous things in my life; please keep people from asking me to go to church    family and friends are ok, but keep the stranngers on the streets away from me please \thanks,\<propfirst>"
