35158aab742182075eee88bd8c5eb58c
well after a week i'm glad i fanally got to see him this long distance thing is killin me and its not that long a distance     
well idk what to do with myself       i'm <propfemale> bored  i miss you 
"buzzing on adrenaline\the fire goes wild\crowd control\rogue flames\\we weren't watching\down the dark hall\a world in which\bam!- she's gone\\e playful lodes like a broken kaleidoscope\dripping threads of <propmale> blue sorrow\a boiling bath\light licking yellow handprints"
"well 3 freakin tests today, and a paper due wed      nice and busy  glad i dont have a job  smile  so ready to crash"
well lucky me i get to have surgery on friday  playful  sooo not looking foward to it      
well i'm goin to look at my church on fri  smile  hopefully everything works out wonderfully
well life is slow     but who knows perhaps i will get inspired to do something crazy and spontanious
well i'm super excited      and the weekend is gonna be totally busy
omg ! what is up with all these freakin movies being in 3d ! has nobody figured out 3d sucks!
i like it by the bed     
well it is now the weekend       andi have two paper due on monday and i havent started eiter of them        smile  yay procrastination!
"well i went and saw <propmale> yesterday cuz he was sick       and when i got there he was fine, but then i got sick       go figure  playful "
still sick     but its raining so that makes everything better  smile 
i am officailly done  i give up  thats all there is to it 
"well i have a silly spanish project due tomorrow, and no power point to do it with        yay !"
i really wish people would get their crap together        cant depend on anything
"well i got my project done      but then had a test i was totally oblivious to, and now i'm off to do more spanish ! : p"
finally a day totally off       even though the week has been flyin by
well this morning went by super quick and i came home and took a nap over slept and missed my favorite class spanglish       too bad  sad 
well started my enlgish paper      so far i'm enjoying it quite a bit  smile 
"well i just finished posting my bio       it was totally boring : p i really detest this class, but not as much as spanglish!"
"done with my paper! super excited  smile        still have to make a survey though, shouldnt be too hard "
so i'm trying to do my english paper but i just cant seem to get my thoughts together      aaahhhhh!
so      i'm kinda glad to be home  smile  i love my bed !
so i have a week and a half left of school       super excited  and next week is my b-day  smile  send lots of gifts lol
"send me a random number to my inbox, and i'll say what i think about you in a status, using the number as id "
"8     well you are super fun and full of life  you are very personable, and easy to get along with  wish we could have <propmale> out  smile "
well numbah 1       you are my favoritest  you have the most wonerful personalty and you can always make me smile  you are very caring and i can always depend on you  i love you 
"1111  well where do i start     you are a bit spastic, and can be a bit chatty but i love it, there is hardly ever a dull minute when i'm around you  you are full of random knowledge which i love  even though i was a total brat, you were always my fave  smile "
"send me your favoritest number to my inbox, and i'll say what i think about you in my status, using your # as an id  smile "
"#4, you are super cute and fun loving  you are a bit too sheltered but i suppose you cant help it  i miss hangin out, you could always make me laugh "
"in my own little world it hardly ever rains,i never go hungry always felt safe, got some money in my pocke shoes on my feet, in my own little of population, me "
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes  smile  i think today will be a good day
english final down     spanish to go  sad  we'll see how this goes
well finally got my spanish done      i am finished!
well went to hooters today: ) they finally had good lookin girls lol  cant wait for tomorrow finally get to se <propmale> for vacation
"i close my eyes and i see your face, if home's where the heart is then im out of place, wont you give me stength to make it through somehow, cuz i've never been more homesick than now"
"goin back to school monday, hopefully this semester will go good "
"well idk what i'm gonna do, i feel like i'm losing my mind"
"well i got nothin to do today      just gonna chill at home do a little reading, and wait for tomorrowj: )"
"well still dont have my school money, adnd now i am without my phone  sad  idk what i'm gonna do     "
"well half time sucks      pretty bad  but it's black eyed peas, cant e playful ect too much      "
"well      still dont have a car, or my school money  what to do what to do?"
well lots to do but of course      procrastinaton!
finally got a car! ! ! yay! it's so cute  smile  and mini!
i need a day off      
"well got new tires on my car today and gotta change the oil tomorrow, then all should be well for the most part"
lovin this weather  smile  cant wait to finally spend time outside
it has been 2 years already        doesnt feel that long at all  you will always be my favorite  wink 
got a new baby  smile        giz is just so darn cute
ok well now i must dispose of my new cat      anybody want a kitten? o o
somebody please take my cat     
well i got rid of my baby tonight  sad  gonna be all alone tonight     
"well i feel like i have tons to do      but it will only take me bout 15 <propfemale>, really dont wanna do anything"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well "
wel my first 3 classes got cancelled     but of course i still have my stupid speech class  sad 
"well just got my hair cut      the chick was totally clueless, i could have done it myself"
"i hope this weekend is good, i need a break     "
aunt <propfemale> is a bitch!
"well on spring break with nothing to do, and no money      at least i start work thursday"
gonna fix my truck in the morning       hopefully it works
well my truck is gettin sold      anybody need a parts truck?
totally loving this weather  smile 
starting my new job today ! super excited  smile 
"i get carried away by the look, by the light in your eyes, before i even realize the ride i'm on, hunny im long gone  nothing matters but being with you, like a feather flyin high on a <propfemale> day, i get carried away       "
