b882e24213c47bc90c8f8cbb207e853b
wonders about people sometimes    
enjoying the day off
listining to the rain
ew    must prepare for work   is it the weather or is it me??
"oh my, snow!!!"
cannont wait to get my new phone!!!
hey check out temper airily  local band  they have some of their music on my space if any of you are interested in trying them out 
not looking forward to today   
yay! the sun has finally come out! puppy park and layin in the lawn are in the works before work!
i hate my p button   
i feel like my cookin    extra crispy  though it was nice to enjoy the sun and play volleyball 
"when wet, my dog reminds me of the caucus race from <propfemale> in wonderland "
sill managing to procrastinate on my lead character's developement    thank you facebook!
gettin ready 4 a big date! and it kinda bugs me that dj has a better blowdryer then me   
"hmmm, beautiful day  i should call in with summer fever    "
finds the large bag of aluminum cans in the living room quite funny 
crazy people do crazy things 
"actually, got on my butt and started working out the kinks in my lead character "
thinking of teaching simi to run with me while i am on a bike  this may end badly 
"is still exhausted from chasing my nephew around with his \buck \"" his plastic tricycle (which he doesn't want to sit on  he just stands behind it and pushes it in circles )"""
"not really wanting to go to work    the internet seems like so much more fun   sad  wait ceran is working!! and <propfemale>, too! yay, off to work i go *whistle while off to work i go*"
funny thoughts 4 day: mcd's sign says: try a real fruit smoothie! i say: they make fake fruit smoothies? it made me think of when companies advertise: now with real beef! well what the hell was in it before?!?
gyros at work today! oh so excited!
"in the words of the whitest kids u'know: \it's saturday!\"""""
today is gonna kill me 
yay! it's <propfemale> and hot and the river is calling me!
sad day  dj ison his way to wyoming 
"wohoo! i am so exhausted, spent 4 hours digging thru rock so my dog would stop digging her way out of the damn yard! i wanna see her try and dig <propfemale> concrete blocks    wahahahah!"
hope dj is tough enough to wear pink    maybe i shouldn't be allowed to do laundry anymore 
something's wrong  i scold my dog and and she wags her tail 
"arrg  off to work, at least its friday  yeah, i said it's friday  i am a bit behind the rest of the world "
"can no longer procrastinate mowing the lawn   dammit, dj has been spoilingme too much "
"has succumbed to the reading frenzy  about every 6 months, i go nuts and read nonstop for about three weeks "
needs to get to writing more   
"really? do i have to go to work? funny how on my day off i had no energy to do house chores, and then today i would rather do chores "
who's up for floating either sunday or monday? i am thinking silver bridge (oops i mean vets bridge) to corvallis bridge
"if home is where the heart is, then my home is somewhere i have never been "
awesome week! got to bring the rough neck home with me!
love leaves your favorite ice cream in the freezer when he goes out of town
found the greatest midnight snack: chocolate <propmale> crackers and milk  ohhhhh 
oh oh! supernatural tomorrow! i can hardly wait! (i think my supernatural addiction is sometimes worse than my nicotine addiction)
very glad life is resuming its normal boringness  though the crazy busyness was pretty fun!
"dear supernatural, \you made me wait 3 months for your season premiere and now your making me wait another week for the next episode  oh how cruel "
excited to go to the haunted maize next week    
haunted maize was fun     short only ones there so we kept running from the chainsaw guy 
awesome day in day snow!
thanks everyone for the congrats! we're both really excited though it wont be for about two years  thanks again!!! yipee!
i want <propfemale> hair 
fajitas rock!!!
yay! a nook!
