d5d9165549138286a03a2da24e2b95c1
stuck inn my head and cant get out    i hate working new years <propfemale>       sad ((((((
good morning facebook   hope everyone has a great new year     cant wait to see whats in store for me this year  smile 
packing getting ready to move     in 2011 i'll be in l a  area   woo hoo!!!
"sitting at work, bored out of my mind    going insane"
"   of course i hear you! you're the taste upon my lips when i wake   sometimes you're the only* faith i have  searching   always searching for more  i'm enslaved by you, but you make me feel as free as can be  i want to touch you  i'll catch your scent on the air and my feet don't stop, they can't stop! we must keep dancing in your name! *music* the only air i breathe "
missing my girl badly    wish i could be in her arms now : (
"just got laid off, this sucks"
"got my a j  fix, i'm happy : )"
"having a bbq with mom, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>"
"had a blast yesterday, the bbq was yummy and the company was entertaining lol, the bar was packed but lots of fun    woo hoo for \adios mother fuckers\"""""
"had lunch @ <propmale>'s with some peeps, was a great way to round off the weekend     "
    but now i finish my weekend at work bored out of my mind
"nothing like soaking in a steaming hot tub full of water,  so relaxing"
"had a great trip to fremont for the night, margaritas were awesome, thank u a j , jj and <propfemale> for the invite and fun"
"i hate that my car won't start sometimes, keep having to get it jumps"
i miss my grandma so much
at starbucks hanging out with a j  & jj  smile 
home with my girls for night  wink 
"having a wonderful, exciting and happy day            smile "
in 2hrs and 19mins ill be 25 yrs old woo hoo!!!!
count down begins      3
      2
     1
      0     woooo hooooo     happy birthday to meeeee!!!!!!!!
getting ready for a lil birthday spankin  wink 
"been a long day, ready for bed need some zzzzzzzz     good night every one"
"woooo hooooooo      i've lost 45lbs in 2months, it feels great : )"
"having a great time at <propmale> pride, music is awsome, and i'm drunk just wish my aj was here mmmm so f**kin hap"
"feel blah, just woke up 30min ago and now i've gotta get ready for work and i don't want to : \\"
"exhausted     time to crash hard now, goodnight everyone   zzzzzzzzzzzz"
thank you a j  for fixing my puter  smile  i love it xxxo
enjoying a nice relaxing morning with a j   smile 
(  o  y  o  )  woot! you've just been flashed  wink 
"good girls blush when they watch porn, bad girls smile cause they know they can do better "
"i am not just cute, i am bite your bottom lip and think of all the dirty things you want to do cute"
"\i like it next to the recliner\"""""
"i feel like shit, feel pain in chest from coughing to, this sucks  sad "
"sitting in the er waiting,  i hate waiting,  wish i could go home already : ("
"i stopped smoking at 10pm and already i feel a difference, took today off to rest and catch up on a few things, on my 2nd dose of antibiotics and im doin better"
can't wait for january for a new year and new beginnings to start
it is 80's week! change your profile picture to one taken in the 80's  seehow many of us have changed (for worse or better) change your picture and repost this  give us all a laugh!  surprise }
me when i was 4yrs old in 1989    the only 80's pic i ave of me    wasn't i so cute   what the hell happened   lol
mmmmmmm mudslides  smile 
"mudslides $12 99, ciggs $5 00, music $19 99, after glow       priceless  wink "
good night everyone        time to spoon    lol
yay off work now heading to my moms to <propfemale> with her  smile 
manic monday     another week ahead of me    
"enjoying a hot night of uv vodka, lemonade and music with my sexy aj mmmmm life doesn't get any better than this xxxo"
making some mix cds for mom and brendas wedding   mom wants 70's music  doing like a 70's flower power theme       if any one has suggestions on songs let me know  smile 
chillin at my mom's watching granny and missing my morning with my aj xxxo
i hate my car!!!!!!!!!!!!
"at age 4, we think: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn't know everything  at 14: mom doesn't know anything  at 16: mom doesn't exist  at 18: she's old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let's ask mom  at 45:    i   wonder what mom thinks about this? at    75: i wish i could ask mom about this  repost this if you have the best mom in the world!?"
"excited, can't wait to move into our new place      lovin my life and my love xxxo"
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same until monday, dec  6, 2010 there should be no human faces on facebook but an invasion of memories!"
work work work work wsork work work     work     work    work   (im losing my mind)    more work    ugh
 love  missing my a j   sad  xxxo
"tomorrow night!!! it's brave bull-ette azula's birthday!!!! drag show feat  the brave bull-ettes, hosted by miss anjali! don't forget your dollar bills for the hot male stripper after the show!!! drink specials!!! doors open @ 7 smile 0    no cover, 21+, ids a must!"
relax everyone    im going back to my red     lol  smile 
glad my lil family is all home  it was nice to wake up too    glad they had a good va-ca  smile ))
slow and boring   ugh    what a wonderful last day at this work site
cant wait to get home    gonna take a hot shower then have some uv with my bb  love  yummmm  smile 
at my mommas searching music and jammin    fun fun fun  smile ))))))
i know im a lil crazy but im a huge dawson's creek fan and still am  laugh 
wine wine wine i love wiiiine he he he  laugh 
feelin blah      my brain is dead     going to stimulate my mind with music and wake it up
"ok everybody        we need to get the brave bull to do an \old school 90's dance hits\"" night  i think it would be awesome and draw in a lot of the crowds from back in the day when the bar was bumpin  im hella excited just thinking about a night like that  love the music!!!! what do you think???"""
"the brave bull responded        \brave bull: that sounds like a good time!!! we will definitely put that on our list for the next couple months!!\       that is so freakin awesome!!!!!!  laugh "
??•*¨*• ¸¸?¸¸ •* ¨*•??  ??
"liquor liquor liquor   i love liq-uor    hehehe     \lick her in the front poker in the rear\"" i love that saying and ive had a lil too much for being on fb lol  laugh """
"fml!!!!!!!      cant wait for things to get better  stressing out losing my mind  i hate bills, i hate the economy right now and i am tired of not even being able to get by   it would be nice if it could get just a lil better   too much out and not enough in by a long shot    uuuuugh  indecision "
one tree hill time!!!!! woooooooo hooooooo  smile 
heading to the brave bull for their 37th anniversary and a wet t-shirt contest     which im entering  smile  woooooo hooooooo !!!!!! wish me good luck  smile ))))))))))
you know u had a great night when u wake the next morning hungover and feelin like shit      but it was worth it  had a blast at the brave bull with my bb a j  and jj  thanks for last night you guys had a blast  smile  :-* xxxo
wow      photos were posted by the brave bull from the wet t-shirt contest and all i gotta say is that lesson #1- dont spill ur drink before contest #2- dont spill ur drink on u to where it looks like you pissed ur pants and #3- dont wear tan pants lol    but it was a lot of fun and i know what not to do next time  smile 
the brave bull set a date      sunday march 13th          90's dance remix night and the drag show will be all 90's hits as well     im so excited  can't wait to go  smile ))))))))))
thanks for all the song titles everyone but     we still need songs for x y z   smile 
"\don't worry your not the bitchiest bitch i've loved\"" - a j """
"if you love me, comment on my status \if you think i'm a good friend, like it \if you hate me, message me why \if you ever had a crush on me, poke me \if you aren't scared, put this as your status and see what you get "
"the greatest thing in the world, above all the rest \is to love and be loved in return\"" -moulin rouge"""
hey everyone  just a reminder  tonight is 90's night at the brave bull  gonna be partying to the awesome hits of the 90's  hope everyone is able to make it  i'm looking forward to seeing some old faces and some new ones out there tonight  smile 
mmmmm nuts    a lil salty  wink 
 u?op ?p?sdn p?u?n? s? p1?o? ?1o?? ??
i guess i'll go to sleep now  got an early morning  good night fb
                                    not much else to say  annoyed 
hating myself right now   alone in the world again  sad      i've had better days  but this ones got some power 
 love  <propfemale>  love 
was always told to practice the <propfemale> rule - treat others like i wanted to be treated    so i spanked you and pulled your hair  lol
"\i only mentally challenge the mentally challenged\"" -<propfemale>"""
"confucius say annoyed to reuse a condom, turn it inside out and shake the f*ck out of it"
"confucius say: \to make a long story short, don't tell it "
"confucius say: \a bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired "
"confucius say: \the best way to keep your word is not to give it "
"confucius say: \a rubix cube is like a penis  the longer you play with it, the harder it gets "
"confucius say: \man who mix viagra and ex-lax, dosen't know if he's coming or going "
"confucius say: \a vigorous masturbation session is called \hand to gland combat\"" """
"confucius say: \gay dinosaur is called mega-sor-ass"
"confucius say: \blondes have more fun because they are easier to amuse "
okay    i'm done now  getting ready for bed  good night fb  smile 
"fuck, fuck, fuck a duck \screw a kangaroo \finger band an orangatang \orgy at the zoo"
