e30a4ea994064201bda006adaf4a2124
i got a joooooob!        and i like it ^^
"birthday was pretty snazzy, loving the love you guys ^^"
just saw wicked! need i say how happy this makes me?
happy new year wishes to all!
i really need a shoulder to <propfemale> on when i get home    have had a trying two days and i need decent humans to remind me why i changed my ways   
so    how was everyones new years?
"why do people do stupid, selfish things and dare call it love?"
"friends are great, just wish i wasn't the only person who ever calls anybody"
"coughing up alung is more painful than it sounds, especially when you can't sleep   "
missing my vegamite-loving <propfemale>   
happy easter everybody!
"attention everyone-there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online phone book w personal info : everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age, etc  you can remove yourself by first searching for yourself on their site to find the url of your <propfemale> and going to the privacy button on the bottom of their <propfemale> to remove yourself  copy & repost "
"seems like things can still change, just hope i can keep it going, no more stagnation for me!"
is going to her aunts house -gorgeus place near eureka- for a week!  will likely be incommunocando for that time cause cells don't work so well up there   
"hey everyone, am on for just a second    but i will be having trouble getting on computers for a while, seeing as i am not able to get to one most of the time    will try to get online soon!"
has no time online these days    hopes i'll get computer time soon
if wishes were fishes we'd all cast nets   
"so long, and thanks for all the fish! (<propfemale> <propfemale>, i heart hgtg)"
"\to endure is greater than to dare; to tire out hostile fortune; to be daunted by no difficulty; to keep heart when all have lost it; to go through intrigue spotless; and to forgo even ambition when the end is gained--who can say this is not greatness?\"" - <propfirst> thackeray"""
"\to endure is greater than to dare; to tire out hostile fortune; to be daunted by no difficulty; to keep heart when all have lost it; to go through intrigue spotless; and to forgo even ambition when the end is gained--who can say this is not greatness?\"" - <propfirst> thackeray"""
got into forensic anthropology!!! woooot!
can't wait for this new chapter   
"is very upset    just lost my phone that i can't replace    its probably stolen    i really hate people who steal, especially when its from someone with no money as it is   "
"my faith in mankind's capacity for goodness has been renewed, my phone is back!"
boffing was amazing today!!! i am sooo going again next week!
i'm going to be 20 tomorrow!!!!! (yay happy dance)
"teenager time is officially over, i am 20 today ^^"
i loved getting to boffer as <propmale>!
the gorillaz concert is only two days from today    wonder what it'll be like?
"the cogs and wheels and hydraulics    analog computers and space-traveling dirigibles    dueling pistols, corsets and bustles    spats    oh gods how i love steampunk!"
wondering why i attract crazies   
(sigh)
i got the joooooob! (inner happy dance!!!)
ahhhhh! (fangirl squee!) i just saw the end of season 1 of  kaichou wa maid-sama and it was sooo cuuuuute!!!! -has been having a shitfit for at least 15 mins due to cuteness overload-
and the darkness has a way of always knowing my name   
sooo    proud of little man   
i need to find a place to live by december sixth    i am finally getting the boot 
"if anyone knows someone who can put me up for the time being    i can cook, clean, and watch kids if need be "
yay! thanksgiving miracle! i don't have to leave yet! now if only i had friends to spend thanksgiving with    
"thankful for my family (figurative and biological), for my friends (some of whom are family in the deepest sense), for my buddies, my coworkers (mostly cause i have some), for god's grace in letting me live this long, and the opportunity to try to make my life one that my grandchildren will listen to with gasping, laughing, and attentiveness in all the right places "
first night of work    wow    so many people consuming and consuming    it was like watching locusts go through fields of farmland eating everything they touch    kinda scary honestly 
"so    one of my friends got ran over, i met the <propmale> of stockton, and i broke into my own house three times    it has been a strange weekend "
curry is life    mnn   
flamenco music makes my feet itch    and hips quake    no fair (pouts)
change your profile picture to one of your favorite childhood cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same  the point of the game? to have no human faces on facebook only childhood memories by monday to fight child abuse  copy and paste to spread the word ?
this is the best morning i have had in    god knows how long  after last night i know there's going to be some changes for the better    (victory!!!)
has no idea whats up with the <propfirst>   
what will shake to the surface of tomorrow i wonder   
anyone going to boffeer that has a free space in the car?
yay! i has a ride to boffer ^^
four months old today!
hates being sick    and has work today   
had my first relaxing night in a while    and a good hookah smoke while i was at it  laugh 
getting some friends together to go to the saphirre hookah lounge this week    let me know if you want to come!
forever alone
"what did i piss off in the universe, and why won't it stop going for my freaking jugular?"
moonlight sonata on the guitar    win 
the chill from fear and forboding is formidable   
"send me a private message here on the good ole fb, and confess something to me  don't let another moment pass!! you'd be surprised "
wishing the shadows of the past would stay where they belonged    behind not in front of me 
the love of friends is a breath of fresh air in a world with l a  smog      ( playful ) why so serious?
who painted the <propfemale> black   
ah    chopin    you never disappoint    i am going to sleep to this   
is going home for christmas    first time i'll be home in a long time  can't wait to see my family!
happy christmas <propfemale> everybody!
happy christmas day!
"fchristmas dinner: one 20 pound turkey, 8 baked potatoes, lots of gravy, green bean casserole, cider, and six pies    im about ready to pass out from all"
fthat cooking!
"had a great day of cooking, family, and awkward e playful lanations    love the fam but god can they be so strange   "
sometimes i wonder if living as a hermit might be more rewarding  
the <propfemale> seems so much brighter when the night is clouded and dark like this   
"dear sandman: i am not a leper, in fact i'm decently healthy, but i won't stay that way if you keep avoiding me like the plague \sincerely,\a dissatisfied customer\\p s  could you tell morpheus to stop playing some kind of sick game of operation on my subconscious    my dreamscape is already weird enough as it is without some e playful erimental torture technique mucking it up "
need to go to a rock concert    miss my old haunts and outrageous outfits and pounding music   
feet feel like they are falling off    owwww   
comparisons are easily done once you've had a taste of     perfection 
wishing i were a different species right now     i am embarrassed to be human at the moment   
the acceptance of pain is the key    
excited
<propfemale> plus seven-of-nine = me???  my friends' geekpiracy theories just keep getting weirder lol
yesssssssss!!!! dr who! i has found it on the tv! (dies of happiness)
feeling optimistic  joyful  time to power through the things that always gave me trouble!
you know what i can't stand??? waffler friends   
i am so angry right now i can feel the steam rising from my ears!!!
