6928479dedb626d0908892a89a0f1eb6
i feel like i can make it   the storm is over now
taking my life back after a quarter of a century  smile 
working on staying focused to get some work done
certain people need to stop checking facebook from their phones cause it makes the rest of us feel like lames  wink 
going to a show with mommy and reese   yay me!!!
i rode my bike to my parents' house then played tennis for two hours   needless to say i'm a little sore
praying for a miracle i truly don't deserve (not that we ever deserve them)
"whoever said \mo money mo problems\"" is welcome to give me their 'problems'"""
"ok i baked 26 cakes, 24 cupcakes, 4 pans of brownies and iced everything   if someone does buy this stuff at the sale tomorrow heads will roll"
off to bed for 2 hours then it's off to sell some baked goods
13 hours of sleep just isn't enough
ready to throw in the towel   apparently nothing i do is good enough
so excited about my website finally being ready   i feel like i've been working on it forever
rabbit rabbit!!!! hahaha
is curious to know how i'm so fortune to have all the great things i want for my life happen   to someone else
can't sleep   clown'll eat me
so close   and yet so far away   the story of my life
we got our osh kosh tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
only 23 hours to go   i'm so excited about my life!!!!
only 12 hours and 32 minutes left   he's headed to the airport!!!!!!
22 hours to go   we've now entered the dead zone where i won't hear from him until i see him
7 and a half hours to go   now we wait
5 hours to go   he's sitting in an airport in miami
3 hours to go   headed to the airport in chicago
hey now   hey now   my boyfriend's back!!!!
picking up <propfemale> in 8 hours!!!!
trying to relax for a minute before i head to my mom's to eat dinner
laurisa's a poopy face   hahaha
laurisa is a monkey face    lol
so i'm off too bed   got to get up early tomorrow to keep planning for the school year    yeah me!!!!  wink 
getting ready for osh kosh!!!
oh my goodness time is going way too fast!!!!
we made it to oshkosh!!!!!!!  i drove the whole way!!!!
first day of school was pretty cool
sleepy and hungry
tired and my foot is starting to hurt again   maybe i shouldn't have gotten off the crutches early
chillin   like a villain
not a great day   actually pretty bad   hopefully tomorrow will be better
back to the old textbook and paper
tired of getting caught in craziness
going to canada tomorrow   good times  wink 
maybe it would be better if i got a puppy   
in bed all day and still feel terrible   what is wrong with me?
omg    why do i feel so unappreciated
daylight savings    just one more reminder that <propmale> daniels never should have been elected
got back from work   feeling good about how things went
i don't think i'm getting better   i'm so tired and i think i'm gonna throw up
er til 3 am   kinda sucked
whatever happened to right and wrong   true and false   good and bad   when did we decide to make excuses for ignorance and make people who call things as they are the bad guys    
so    elijah picked my nose    kinda creepy
"why are people always saying we need to \bring christ back to our schools\""?  why do we never say that we need to be christ in our schools?  i for one intend to be christ for my students """
i'm thankful for food!!!!
"big day today   aj's baptism, <propfemale>'s dedication, and i think i'm singing special music"
making paper chain <propmale> for my homemade holiday themed christmas
<propmale> troxel said to say something about him on facebook   i think he's kinda creepin me out
so my first avon order is due this friday   there's plenty of great products and it's all delivered just in time for christmas   message me if you're interested in taking a look at a brochure 
i'm so glad i don't have school tomorrow!!!
relaxing and watching movies   feels good
tomorrow is the deadline for putting in a new order for avon   you don't have to call me   just use my website to order if you're interested: www youravon com clesure
making up for the fact that i did nothing all last week by doing something this week   
"how bad would it be if i just went to bed and skipped the whole \new year's\"" thing?"""
what would you do this year if you knew you couldn't fail?
don't you love when people mistreat you and then hope you forget and go back to being their friends   
exhausted   tgis
don't forget to turn in avon orders by tuesday for this campaign   message me or go online to order 
25   no turning back now
thanks to everybody for the birthday love   i had a great day   back to school tomorrow  wink 
had a great time at my party last night   thanks to eveyone who came and made it so great!!!
"the praise fellowship pathfinders are selling cookie mix, hot chocolate mix, and <propfirst>'s day baskets   let me know if you'd like to order one "
what happens when everything you are is too much?
still tired
i'm trying to make the right choice   
thanks to <propfemale> shepherd mchenry for teaching me how to tag people in the status bar 
worried   and tired   and trying to keep it together (and failinh)
so i have something    not sure what   but it's making me feel nauseated all the time
thanks to <propmale> yarde i'm a spoiled brat!!! i love you hunny wink 
is it may 28 yet?
went to the movies with my mom last night   that was pretty cool
just biked to the bank   not far but you've got to start somewherer
just got back from bike the bend   like 30 miles    go me!!!!
my mouse just had babies!!!!!! nooooooooo!!!! i don't wanna be a grandma!!!!
rip <propmale> houdini lesure   you were one great mouse
my boyfriend just made me a steak dinner for lunch!!! thank you <propmale> yarde   i love summer vacation
i just got back from the book fair   $200 worth of books for $68    thank you <propmale> yarde
had a great day at the flea market with <propmale> yarde and <propfemale> lesure
my baby mice all died   i am a horrible mouse mother sad 
back from my weekedn in ohio   i'm so exhausted
training for summer school starts tomorrow   i should get to sleep
summer school starts tomorrow and i'm kind of excited
just got back from my first tennis lesson   now i need tennis buddies to play with 
had a great time at christan <propmale>'s wedding yesterday   congratulations to the beautiful bride and groom 
3 more days of summer school   then it's time to set up my regular classroom   my how time flies
21 days til school starts!!!!! getting excited   
good luck to all those penn folk back to school today!!! hope it's great! la high <propfirst> lesure t j  robinson
busy life in the next few days  sorry if i seem distant it's just a lot happening at once 
glad my parents liked the surprise party!!  happy 30th anniversary mom and dad!!!
second week of school   so excited about my life!
in <propmale> without a a rental car
great wedding!!! headed back to indiana tomorrow   bummer
back from florida! had a great time!!!  congratulations shivaughni b and psicho mofo
i miss my boyfriend   sigh
hates being alone
i don't mind waiting   
just going from day to day
the boredome is intense!!!!
got done voting   let's see how things turn out
"so today i had a serious stupid moment   i looked on the stove and it said \hot stovetop\"" so i started touching burners to see which one was hot   burned my fingers pretty bad   stupid!!!"""
bad day   tomorrow's a new one
so today one of my kids came up with having a study group meet on mondays and wednesdays to help raise grades in my class   10 kids joined   i'm so proud
had a great time out with the girls tonight   thanks <propfemale> kulemeka for planning it  wink 
waiting for my second meeting of the day to start   my work week seems less busy
happy thanksgiving!!!!
gm has the best commercial ever!!!
just got back from picking up my christmas tree   good times
so i got back home from pickin up decor and my tree had fallen over   bummer
so how was my day   woke up to find that my tree is now leaning  sad  went to a nd women's basketball game and they won by 30 points smile  burnt my tongue on a hot dog sad 
tgif dude!!!! so massively tired
soo   i know i probably say this every winter but   i winter!!!
hey so if anyone's interested i can get 1 2 price tickets to a notre dame men's basketball game   it's versus some no name team from who knows where (umbc) on december 22   sounds like a fun night out   let me know what's up?
so true story my mom is doing her first sermon at church tomorrow   good luck mommy 
let me just say that i miss the days when you had a crush on a guy and he had a crush on you and you were like cool let's go see a movie   now there's too much at stake   oh to be 12 again
amen snow day   praise god from whom all blessings flow!!!
"so kora said to <propfirst> \don't mess with my kina\""   i love it!!!"""
had a fun day at the mall with kora!!!!
i got a callback for ragtime!!!! pretty cool  wink 
<propfirst> <propmale> the <propfemale> beat the puppies today in what can only be referred to as an inevitable victory   better luck next time 
kora and i just got up from our nap    why is this not my life?
"kora: g-ma i want candy\mom: i'd get you some but i don't have any money\kora: <propfemale> does!!!!\so apparently i'm rollin in it  wink "
so i'm thinking this will be the year of reckless abandon   still thinking
praise fellowship sda church all sabbath services canceled
just scheduled my super awesome spa day for friday!!!! so excited about my birthday weekend!!!
thank you to eveyone for the birthday wishes   the fun continues tomorrow with my special spa day in indy  wink 
"had a great time in indy at the spa day and then dinner with family   so glad to see <propfirst> <propfirst> lesure <propfirst> <propfirst> lesure <propfirst>, lennox, and <propmale>!!! thanks guys  for helping me have a great birthday   wink "
amen patriots lose!!!
i think i may have overdone it at the gym today   we'll find out for sure tomorrow 
just got invited to go to a super cool conference on student motivation by my boss!!! nice  wink 
happy birthday to my dad and his birthday buddies <propmale> <propmale> and <propfirst> arnett
pray for me guys!!! this gre is about to kick my butt
wanting to go see a movie tomorrow but not sure whose free   
went for a walk outside today   chilly buy refreshing
meeting with indiana conference superintendent of education on thursday! pray for me yall   smile 
