3b5888945f85d0d89b7d44e3d7f275e2
track is not what i do  its who i am  do what defines you if you want happiness 
if anyone else is going to unm it would be great if you messaged me  i've only seen one familliar face so far and they're from <propfemale>  im a little homesick (already) and a familliar face would cheer me up   smile 
execpt for the wonderful and hardworking counslers at onate screwing up so i cant get my books      my first day went good  college is pretty much everything i e playful ected it to be  short  to the point  and hard      but its cool  i only have one class tomorrow   smile 
finally got into the dorms  i cant even begin to describe my feelings       still waiting for it to sink in     
going to the track later to work out with some of the guys from the team      dint know if i'll make it back 
i need friends ='(
first day of track practice      i didnt even know that many ab workouts existed     
i love college!!!
sizzle!!!
"\your dreams are nothing more than your future waiting for you to catch up      if you want to\"""""
just got back from track practice      zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz           
"who misses ohs? i may wear different colors now, but black white and teal will always run through my veins "
is gonna have a productive day today      after relaxing  wink 
doesn't wanna go to class and then to practice      and then on a 15 <propfemale> run and then to life weights and then to study hall      fml
college track is tough  the coaches dont remember that we're human beings  they push us through the craziest workouts  but they make us better  2012 olympics here i come 
took an ice bath after practice      they dumped a 52 gallon trash can full of ice in it     
food never tasted so good       
"weight lifting at 6 smile 0 am then class almost non stop till twelve      im starting to feel the effects of being a college student athlete, but if its only way to the olympics then i'll stick with it "
cant wait for october!!!  laugh 
tired  sore  hungry> and bored  love track      hate study hall     
first day of actual highjump practice  its finally time to show the coaches why im here 
i am reborn as an athlete every time i step foot on that track  im attempting to rise to a new level  a level higher than i've ever gone before  i refuse to quit until i cant go any higher and all my dreams have been achieved 
hello world!
misses everyone back home 
i hate study hall       
just finished a crazy practice and an ice bath  now for hinkles!!!  laugh 
partied with the track team  it was fun but athletes drink too much 
everyone cross your fingers  today i see if my coach will let me go home for the break  wish me luck 
im coming home for the break!!! las cruces here i come! i'll see you guys on thursday!
i love coloring!!!!!!!!!!  surprise 
cant wait to go home and go to onate and see everyone! i miss you guys  hopefully i run into some c o 09 people  im so homesick 
is glad to be home  it was great seeing friends  but cant wait to get back burque  haha  im homesick no matter where i go 
"at times coaches may seem like they forget your human  but when it really comes down to it  the best athletes perform beyond the level of a typical human being  the coaches sre simply trying to sort out where you stand  figure out where you stand  and the next time you dont think you can't run one more set, lift one more rep, or whatever it is you do  ask yourself  are you just a human or are you an athlete?"
finally got to catch up on sleep this morning! then ran freakin out cuz i thought i was late to practice  i got there and my coach looked at me like i was crazy and told me to got to studyhall      practice starts at 2 smile 0     
misses everyone back home   crying 
last night was one of the best night ever!!!
paranormal activity was awsome!!! if you havent seen it      watch it!!! not scary but great to watch with friends!!!
there we go steelers!!!
"another day in college  another day to make something of myself  another day to take the next vital step into my future  another day to stand up and say im gonna be somebody in this world  another day to goof off and stay up late pulling pranks, playing video games and hangin with friends  i love college!!!"
got to sleep before 2 a m  for the first time in like two weeks  i feel great and ready to handle whatever comes my way today  im having a meeting to see if they'll let me compete  the ncaa doesnt wanna let me compete d1  wish me luck everyone 
"if i dont get cleared then i'm sad to say that my days as a lobo will probably be over  division two better look out      its kinda sad to say  d2 isn't what i had in mind, but i'd rather compete d2 than not at all  this is just another one of many battles on my way to top  no luck needed this time  just blessings "
im the younger      and skinnier      version of <propfirst> snipes in blade for halloween  pics comin later  tonights gonna be a good good night!
just got back from one of the best parties ever!!! tons of <propfemale>  i love college  and yes i do go to parties  lol 
"<propfirst>, will, and <propfirst>  my brothers  i miss hangin out with you guys  all nighter on beijing during thanksgiving break "
doesn't know why he's still awake     
cant wait to go home and see everyone  homesick      again 
might not get to go home for thanksgiving 
"lovin my new phone, but why do new hnes never come fully charged? cell phone companies know that your gonna mess with it like crazy as soon as you get it! i think its just so they sell more car chargers "
is bored and wants to find a party this weekend 
i forgot     
"why am i up so early writing this paper? cuz i just may be the worlds biggest procrastinator, i'll challenge anyone on that title  anyone!!! lol "
needs to get back into shape if he e playful ects to win in 2012     
why do people hack facebook and myspace? are their lives really that boring and meaningless that they have to probe into the lives of others to see what a real life is like?
sorry to everyone who recieved strange messages from me  my account was hacked earlier today  but everything should be fixed now 
college      a love hate relationship     
should i go home today or tomorrow?
is mad cuz he spent forever writing a ridiculously long post and then facebook said it was too long     
when the trail to the top is gone      grab some rope 
you are limited by what you want to do  not by what you can or cant do 
vodka is nobodys friend      it just pretends to be your friend so it can kick your ass the next day      fml 
"inspiration, motivation, determination, and perseverence are my closests friends  the olympics are still in sight  im searching for a new path to the top mountain  i wont even let an avalanche stop me "
"such, a nice day! even though i have seven classes today      things look bright!"
would someone please e playful lain to me why everyone is posting celeb look-a-likes as their profile picture???
cant wait till this weekend!!!  laugh 
since when does going on facebook count as hoemwork? lol  whats wrong with me???
i had this amazing idea for a status update but i forgot it      curse you sleep deprivation     
"hmmm      go to psyc      or stay in my room and eat, shower, and start my english paper     "
would someone do me a huge favor and put a bullet between my eyes!!!  laugh 
i think my life hates me sometimes 
i really needed this weekend  thank god its here!!!
it can be done!!!
the best part about mondays is they only come once a week   smile 
chasing dreams and taking that next step in your life dont always match up      so what do you do? put your life on hold so you can follow your dreams? or postpone your dreams because life must go on?
"i considered changing my <propmale> to law, i like helping others, especially when justice is served, i can argue anything with anyone for the longest time, and i think im pretty good at bull shitting  the only hard part would be stabbing others in the back to get through the warzone called law school     "
put aside anguish and worry just for a second  simply let yourself be then take a second look at the situation  - a message to all friends      especially <propfirst> 
is looking for something imaginary     
"damn i feel like jumping! lifes not the same without it, but one way or another, i'll be back at it next year  on another note, everyone be safe out there over spring break  remember, when in doubt, gtfo  have fun  spring break 2010 is under way!!!"
back in abq      finally!!!
"i wanna do something dangerous, illegal, or stupid!!!      or      all three at once       smile  so long as its fun i dont really care right now  suggestions?"
hmmmm      whats going to be my homework to video game ration today?      
ve been cleaning for a while now and guess what i discovered!? i have a desk!!! haha!
"haha  why i am i not allowed to just quit? why cant i just say fuck it and move on? i dont know what i want anymore  everythings crashing down around me  its not even possible to physically, or verbally e playful ress whats going on inside me  hell even i dont know whats going on in my head  i just wanna make it stop  im tired of walking through a sandstorm  why wont it clear up so i can find a path? im sick of being lost "
gonna try something new today 
one <propmale> to compete at outdoor here in abq      i need to start more serious training 
whats up monday? i hope your ready for me this time!
is completely obssesed the the movie: how to train your dragon!
its finally here!!! camping up in jemez all weekend!!!  laugh 
"i have two weeks to get into good enough shape for a college meet  i still have dreams to accomplish, and records to break  so what if life keeps raising the bar, its my job to clear it "
"the countdown continues  the inevitable continues to get closer and closer  perseverance will meet victory  dreams will meet achievement  failure isn't is not and option, it's not even a consideration "
"meditate on your tasks, visualize your goals  make each a reality in your mind and heart  if they don't already exist within you, how will they to exist and thrive in real life? see yourself accomplishing your goals and following your dreams  don't think, but know that you will make them a reality  <propfemale> is shaped not by some preordained power  it is decided by the <propfemale>, will, and strength of your heart and mind "
you cannot take my mind off the task and my sights off the goal  the first steps toward the dream have already been taken  its too late to stop them and too late to turn back 
"doubt and uncertainty i dont have time for you so you can quit trying  you couldn't keep up even if you did try, but you can look up and watch me as i climb to the top "
i miss her     
"my trial sits on the horizon  im in the final leg of this short journey  how high up the mountain i go depends on two factors  how well i prepared my body and how i've sculpted my mind  the last steps are always the hardest, but the most important  thats where i plan to stand out "
i hate homework     
"lets go spurs! mavs down, next up the rivals!"
practice for my oral exam in spanish today and i didn't completely fail at it!!!  laugh 
tomorrow     
"today was everything i'd hoped for and so much more  i refuse to quit, i refuse to fail  i've reached a new plateau where i can rest and begin preparing for the next stage in my climb to the top "
time to hit the books     
thanx for the birthday wishes everyone   smile 
records were made to be broken!
2 down 2 to go!!!
music is touchin my soul right now 
i like the fizzy!!!
home      so close      but so far  but still cant wait to get there 
           
hello facebook
"currently has a 4 0! lol, we'll see how long that lasts once the rest of my grades come out      lol "
last night in abq     
packing up to go home and still cant stay off facebook     
home sweet home
18 credit hours this summer and another 18 in the fall and then im back in track for the spring   smile  the catch is i might not be able to return to unm till the spring     
rethinking life     
i hate <propfirst> horses  guess i worked out harder than i thought      but theres only 2 weeks left in the countdown to <propmale> nationals and top two goes to singapore for the first ever <propmale> olympics   smile 
sooooo booooorreeddd!!!!
pr in javelin today? i think so!  laugh 
"misses albuquerque, unm, and track     "
"a dream only needs one heart to be carried in until it it fufilled, so even if no one shares your dream and you <propfemale> it alone, it will be safe so long as you keep it in your heart and keep <propfemale>ing it on the path to where your dream will come true  its always easier to stand with friends and family, but sadly thats not always possble "
"going to des moines, iowa for <propmale> olympics outdoor track and field championships!!! but      its pretty e playful ensive  anyone wanna make donations and or volunteer in a car wash to help me get there? you'd be helping me take one more big step toward my dream!"
haha  typical lakers  they let game 5 go to force it to game 7  more games = more money  anyone disagree? check the score of game 6     
"i have to open up my heart and let all of the pain, pressure, and truth out     "
"im gonna go ahead and bake this lump of <propmale> that is currently my mind  smash it! and make a brand new one, only this time i know what im gonna make out of it  it'll be better than the first "
great game 
worst ref i've ever seen in my life     
toy story 3 was really good! good ending to a childhood classic   smile 
no internet sucks!!!
we are guaranteed to advance! go usa  and slovanias loss to england makes us ranked #1 in our group which means we get the #2 ranked team from group d as our first game 
worst day of my summer      so far 
soccer today at onate at 4 surprise 0! anyone who wants to play just show up 
that show downfall is retarded!!! we're in a reccession assholes!!! your gonna throw e playful ensive stuff of a skyscraper when people mess up when you could donate it to people who need it? tv just reached new lows     
thank you!!!! goooaaallll!!!!!
be more responsible for who and what is in your life 
"sometines i wish \staring daggers\"" at someone would really kill them """
theres nothing like a good laugh with family   smile 
"i've decided what i'm gonna do  i'm going to ascend to a new level, become something the world has never seen before and achieve something the world never thought possible  my weaknesses will become my strengths and my strengths will become my trademark "
spain's goalie is a bamf 
one of the most disturbing things i've ever seen     
looks like the <propmale> of me returning to unm in the fall just quadrupled     
hmmm      what to do what to do     
looking for grants and scholarships  any recommendations?
anyone know where to get some dry ice?
reunions   smile 
picking up my car today  finally!!!
lying here so still i can notice the sun move  so peaceful 
souljaboy      you will pay for the crimes you've commited against rap music 
click like if you are now out of shape cuz theres no coach or anyone making you workout 
my ankle needs to hurry up and heal so i can do something!!!
i can dream again   smile 
looks like im going to arizona 
"take your time with life  don't rush through it  the faster you live the faster you die  look at flies, very fast, always moving, they live a few days      tortoises, slow and steady, live for over a hundred years  next time your in a rush      just slow down "
off to az tomorrow   smile 
wow      gas is so cheap here  2 49 is pretty much average 
wish i coulda said bye to evetyone 
ok
i don't know if track is ready for what i've got in store for it this season       wink 
found out i have an ankle sprain and some kind of tendonitis i can't pronounce      that'll just make it that much more special when i win nationals   laugh 
aaaahhhh      the possbilities   smile 
definitely missing abq and lc!!!
so my roommates watched transformers 2 last night and then left somewhere in a hurry leaving their tv on all night and all day(they still arent back yet)      i've probably listened to the menu music like a thousand times      oh yea and the menu music is not really music      its a bunch of e playful losions and gunshots and other loud obnoxious sounds     
"when i got lost, you were there to show me the way out, when i was to weak to pull myself out of the hole, you reached out to me to pull me up, when i was sad, your smile lifted my spirits and brought me back from the abyss  you are my best friend, and although words can't even begin to describe what you mean to me, i just wanna say thank you and i love you "
mondays     
ice baths!!!  laugh 
my favorite thing to watch on youtube is cyanide and happiness videos  whats yours?
why do today what you can put off till tomorrow???       just be careful  cuz tomorrow never comes     
first running workout of the season      16x200  rest? walk 50 meters between each one      then jog a 400 every 4 200s      gatorade and ice bath are my new best friends     
all this energy and nothing to do with it!!!
"imagine how much better <propfirst> beibers songs would be if he didn't sing them, but instead <propfirst> <propmale> sang them when he was that age "
what do i miss most from cruces right now? <propfemale> <propfemale> grill     
really needs to get out and do something this weekend!!!!
must master roller blading in like 2 weeks!!!
wow      cardinals      wow
my visions never been clearer 
i never thought a 4 mile run could actually feel good 
only person in the entire class to get an a on the first philosophy test      and i still don't even have my book yet   smile 
ran through a cornfield for the first time      those things are almost endless      but it was so much fun!!!
hello to everyone i haven't talked to in forever!!!
its just a mind game 
"i wish life had fast forward, pause, and rewind buttons      and you might as well throw in subtitles too "
first day of actual highjump practice  man did it feel good to jump again  and so i continue my road to the top 
wow      alabama is destroying florida      so much for a good game 
i thought facebook was a social networking site      not a place to post a play by play of your life     
homesick       
mmmmm      chocolate covered carrots!
"so life is feeling pretty boring and meaningless right now  never <propfemale> with people, never go out, never have fun  makes me miss home where there was a new adventure just about everyday  i miss, laughs, video games and long conversations with friends  i miss hide and seek at the wooden park, and soccer on the weekends  i miss my love, my friends and my family  its like im an alien in a brand new world and its not fun "
my theme song for the olympics is gonna be the worlds greatest by r <propfirst> 
lets go steelers!!! big <propmale> is back and the steel wall is whole again!!!
thanks god for altering my path in life  i didn't see it at first but you put me on the right track 
just saw paranormal activity 2!!! wow     
lsu's qb is a beast
so is shaq supposed to be the <propfirst> favre of the nba?
i have 4 2% body fat   smile 
"what am i doing for halloween? homework, music, and ramen   smile  happy halloween everyone  be safe and have fun "
"mondays over, no homework, box of chocolate <propmale> grahams, and steelers are winning means im having a good night   smile "
i can't wait to go to london!!!
you think you know      but you have no idea!!!
lets go steelers!!! get back in the game!
"sad day in the steeler nation  shoulda had a win but we started off weak and couldn't build  but its ok, theres still plenty of season left  steelers!!!"
"pain is temporary, pride is forever "
got pulled over by the cops while on the way to sonic with my friends      the cop asks for my id(and checks it on his computer)      i was in the passengers seat      fml
about to watch <propmale> potter!
homecoming     
"got the big intra-squad meet today, then off to new mexico with my dad to see the rest of my family "
finally home 
"i forgot how much colder it is in new mexico      but its good to be home, had a <propfemale> <propfemale> grill burrito, got to spend the day in some real mountains, saw friends and family, going to see more!, and of course beijing!!! theres just one thing missing     "
"my steelers are playing like crap      <propfemale> in there, get the w and do better next week "
i just wanna hold you till the pain goes away 
lol  thank you <propfemale> for getting the poke'mon theme song stuck in my head  and yes im gonna listen to it on my way to class and probably before i run today      don't judge me 
"preseason for track is officially over  the spurs have the best record in the nba, and the steelers are headed for the playoffs  sports wise this is the best year i've had in a long time "
why is everyone making their profile pictures cartoon characters?
"for the first time since elementary school i'm looking at a strong possibilty of straight a's      one class is standing in the way  4 papers, make a mock budget, and do an interview and 4 hours of community service  its gonna be a long week "
<propfirst>???
already thinking about home 
so i think i'm gonna get in on this <propfirst> game  <propfirst> anyone?
21 im sad that we used to talk so much and now we dont talk at all  i remember back in hadden's class when we played that diplomacy game and we made an unstopable aliance and wiped everyone else out  and in vermeer's class when we'd always get in trouble cuz we couldn't stop talking  i miss talking and hanging out 
"0119 although we never knew each other very well i actually enjoyed a lot of our conversations  sorry if i seemed weird at the time  you met me at a strange and confusing point in my life  also i have to say your son is adorable! he looks a lot like my nephew  congratulations, you are truly blessed "
"2 0 we've known each other since       well since forever  i cant say that i'm still close to people i went through elementary with  we have had a ton of laughs and good times and ridiculously lucky shots that we made in basketball  your pretty much my gym <propmale>  basketball, honors p e , and athletic training was one of the best parts of highschool  oh and i havent forgotten about that rice krispies treat either!"
44 we haven't talked in forever! but you are one of the best friends and teachers i ever had  everyone always complimented me on my ankle taping and that was only cuz i learned from the best  and your daughter is so beautiful! congratulations!  laugh  i cant wait to have my own kids someday 
im sorry biology final but you dont stand a <propmale> 
finally back in cruces  its so good to finally be home for a real visit  i have a ton of people to see! im pretty much free till friday so text me 
"so my car decided that it was gonna wait till after i bought oil, antifreeze, new filters, etc to break down on me  fml"
ice cream for breakfast? sure  why not?
"one thing i realized about life  no matter how much i was told to enjoy my childhood while i had it and not try to grow up too fast, there was nothing in the world that was actually gonna make me do and understand that  now of course i wish i could go back and savor the freedom and carefree wat of living "
insanity today   smile  ='(  annoyed   laugh        ???  surprise 
my world is back in order  at least for a little while  i have such high appreciation for the value of time 
hangin with some of my favorite people in the world right now   smile 
the steelers are looking good  we need this win 
"the time has come to begin my metamorphoses  into my cocoon i go and when i emerge i'll be faster, stronger, and smarter than ever before  that time has come to pick up the pace in shaping my <propfemale> and and choosing the best path that will lead me to my dreams  i'm hitting the reset button on my mental focus and finally getting down to business "
ran out of eggnog      but thanks to an emergency eggnog run we are restocked and all is right with the world again 
going snowboarding tomorrow!!! finally!!! i hope the slopes are ready   wink 
snowboarding was too much fun!!! i'm no <propfirst> white but a few more trips and i'll be up there  next is beijing with <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propmale> t <propfirst>   all nighter!!!
i think i need a break from my break     
how its made marathon   smile 
jumpin today
i wish i was a good singer 
congrats spurs on your continued domination of the nba this season  nba finals better be spurs and heat and 4-2 on the series 
packing to head back to arizona  i'm upset that i'm not bringing back my car and that i didn't get to do everything i wanted to do and see everyone i wanted to see  but life is an adventure and i can't wait to see where i'm headed next 
steelers!!! amazing 3rd quarter got us back in the game!
"if home is where the heart is then my homes in south bend, in "
"one month left to reach a level that i previously just dreamed about  and a year and a half to reach my prime and represent the red, white, and blue  track is a way of life  can't you feel that something new in the air "
spurs did it again 
i hate it when my quadmates leave for the weekend and forget to turn off their alarm     
if you post five or more separate times on facebook each day      you have a problem 
"what ever you do, don't like this status!!!"
"ok facebook, i have another challenge for you  can you guys comment on this and count to ten  it must be in order and no one can post twice on one try for the number sequence, only if it starts over  it must be one to ten uninterrupted by random comments, jokes, questions or anything like that  can you guys do it?"
"lets go steelers! pick it up, this game is far from over!!!"
thats why hines <propmale> is a future hall of famer!!! lets go steelers!!!
the effects during the halftime show were pretty sick  they reminded me of the opening ceremonies in beijing 
"good game, didn't get number seven but its ok  we still got next year "
i made the deans list   smile 
i'm pretty sure cac's men's track team is like the only college team in the nation that hasn't started its season yet     
i got a new camcorder today! now i can document my season as well as fun times with friends and family and of course my road to 2012 
first track meet tomorrow      sort of     
how do you deal with letting yourself down?
so the warmer it gets the sicker i get?       nice curveball life 
getting back on point with highjump  its time to renew my membership in the 7ft club!
"and i hit the reset button on my plans once again!!! but its ok, obviously life just thinks that i handle things in too simple of a way so it likes to mix it up and keep me on my toes "
wow spurs  come on  
"artists i can listen to all day: common, kanye west, j <propmale>, kid cidi, and <propfirst> fiasco  not in that order but definitely my top 5 "
"i wish i could've gone home to take part in spring break traditions, like going to help my high school team at practice, pulling all nighters on video games with my best friends, random boredom driven adventures with my other best friends, and sitting around the house all day with my family  to all my friends and family in cruces, god bless and i miss you all "
"todays a big one  jumping under the lights, what a perfect time to do something incredible "
"so <propmale>, ginobili, and <propmale> score a combined 80 out of the teams 97 points in tonights win over <propfirst>      and all these people tell me that the spurs suck and they're too old after their recent losses to the heat and lakers      yea sure they're an older team but they still know how to win so stop counting them out "
"dear <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propmale> t <propfirst>, happy birthday!!! i'm very disappointed that i cannot join you guys in vegas but have fun and don't die "
i spent spring break completely clueless to the fact that i have a test in all of my classes today  life happens 
way too much work      i'm about ready to give up 
focused 
"instead of letting criticism scar you and or hurt you try using it for its purpose, to look at yourself and make some changes because chances when its your friends doing the criticizing they just want to make sure your not making enemies or bad impressions on people for the rest of your life "
"my seasons almost back on track  not the <propfirst> i wanted but i can feel it in there, its inevitable  ready for sun angel, pac 10 and all the other d1's better bring their best cuz i'm hunting for a spot in the usatf performance list "
