a26f29905ccf88377ecbf4f30522e9a0
yay for secrets revealed! ^ ^
"(good secrets, that make things more clear of course)  smile "
whats on my mind? you are  and you and you and you  smile 
bored and sore  sad 
i feel better  smile 
yayyy <propfemale> city fireworks are badass
"i misplaced my phone  sad  its dead and missing, so if you've tried to contact me thats why i haven't responded "
why be in love with anything  when you could be in love with food?
my birthday is officially over  smile  it was a great one and i can't wait for the next one ^ ^
"just remembered she has a book, and is going to utilize its purpose "
i'm really happy  smile 
is turning on into the wild  i haven't watched it in like three months! maybe more  and i'm really excited 
i want to go somewhere and have myself an adventure 
i'm just a fan 
so super uber cool
seattle: the morning after tomorrow night  laugh 
i'm so annoyed with everything  so i think i'm going to bed 
christian sanders you're a bitch christian sanders
fasfkdlsafjdkal
cake
its cold  sad 
 annoyed  bored 
nugget
lawl so super hard
so tired  surprise 
ugh  you're boring!
 surprise 
lol  so apparently i'm the most intimidating girl in the entire senior class 
hates overenthusiasm in the morning -_-
i  have  a  job  at the coolest place in town  fuh rael 
fog is a strange word fog fog fog
i'm in the mountains    and i feel like going to the beach     what will i do   
baldi tomorrow!
avatar tonight? i hope  i hope 
holy  <propmale>  i'm tired 
murry chrustmus!
i is ready to ski again! my muscles are getting so super strong ^ ^
peetsuuuuh  surprise 
i'm going to spend the last night in sv enjoying myself and spending time with my family  love 
my car is fixed  love 
i'm watching passafire vids on youtube and i'm jonesing so damn bad  i would attatch a video for you guys    but i can't 
conair
"the first day of the year has already been beautiful, setting the tone for the rest of it  thank you comrades!"
is fit to burst with love
 surprise 
i want a kiss  a hershey's kiss  ^ ^
nude (color)
knitting!  love 
i applied at bsu so i guess that means thats where i'm going to college next year  smile 
"potatoes, kiwis, and pears, oh my!"
i'm so over this literary analysis  homework in general is bogging me down down down
not feeling well  not going to school  am going to eat a bunch of vitamin c 
i'm almost a college girl hell yeah hey dj bring that back
sat on my ass all weekend and it was great  smile 
you're my favorite
being conservative is less fun  smile 
being conservative is no fun   smile 
"mama mia, here i go again, my my, how can i resist ya? ^ ^"
supervillains show is 18 and up sadsadsad
"the wind is making me want to stand in it  with a coat on, of course "
funk you
whats on my mind? you are  you and you and you 
"it's doppelgänger week  change your profile picture to that of someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) whom you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched-at-birth photo, then cut paste this blurb into your status or send it to your friends "
whip it
"go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name  copy and paste this as your status and then in the first entry under your comments, put the meaning for your name "
"driving up to sv bruthuhs and sistuhs, so hold on to yuh seats cuz i'll be there sune "
i's in sv na 
"i forgot there was real snow in some places  sun valley, you are my lover  and i'm going to ski the shit out of you in approximately 16 hours "
working too hard could give you a heart attack ack ack ack ack ack
its finally <propfemale> in sun valley- skiing should be good  smile 
hot begonias!
restless -_-
driving back to 1a
i'm not liking the new layout 
allanah is an asshole 
point break  love 
up to the little hil!
"oh, la ink, how i've missed you!"
who hasn't seen <propmale> and teds excellent adventure? me  thats right 
abandon ship!
i just wrote the best compare and contrast essay   ever  to be turned in for a 5+ please!
aye matey
operation: get fit  in effect 
tupac was a gemini
first night of yoga was a wonderful e playful erience  smile 
"operation: get fit is going extremely well so far, i've only skipped one day since i started!"
crazy white supremisist idahoans 
i'm so lazyyyyy
bitch please
i have to wake up before 12 o clock tomorrow? aye <propfemale> <propfemale> mama mia
ain't no sunshine when she's gone  it's not warm when she's away  ain't no sunshine when she's gone and she's always gone too long anytime she goes away 
i love operation: get fit! you should try it! not that you need to    i'm just saying   
omg pita bread?! so delicious!
anybody been to burning man before?
i'm going to get ready for sun valley and seriously consider going to the gym before i leave  wish me luck getting into a bar tonight for passafire!
i should really get off facebook and just leave 
criminal!
guess i'm going to the wailers instead  smile 
crazy weekend
i  am  so  tired!fdafsd;fkdlsa staying up until 2 smile 0 is not normal!
i hate ufc 
bed  surprise 
skiing
skiing was so shitting great today!
"my weekend was great, but its time to recover some of my sleep time "
not digging this weather  annoyed 
lol
"i was leaving the local chevron today, and little did i know that the gas pump was still in my car  you can guess what happened next  luckily those hoses are made to handle the stupid shit i do and it didn't cost me any money to fix!"
wha?   
today has been very good
"i lerv pineapple and pita bread  not together, of course"
ozzy osborne likes lady gaga
"off to sun valley again  wish i could stay and ski all week, but unfortunately i'll be back on monday "
 surprise 
i wish i was swedish  from sweden 
definitely time to go to bed-goodnight
i am a huge fan of cheetohs 
i really have sat around all day  i haven't done this in    forever!
i walk the streets of japan til i get lost cause it doesn't remind me of anything with a graveyard tan carrying a cross cause it doesn't remind me of anything   i like studying faces in a parking lot cause it doesn't remind me of anything
it trips me out that we all have access to millions of people every time we get online  it makes the world seem very small to me 
you're boring
i think i'll actually get off my ass today and go skiing  smile 
chatroulette
school is such a bummer  and so is this wind 
i'm so excited for yoga i can hardly stand it!
off to grandmothers to resume my vigorous sewing lessons
this damn wind 
sun valley three weekends in a row? thats the good life
"just ate at sego in ketchum  delicious food, great service, weird company "
two more months of school left
i'll be in new york in less than 48 hours  wild!
its officially spring break and i'm officially late on packing  what the hell will i bring
i really don't like afi
human society commercials :`(
new york in less than 24 hours?!
rockin this metropolis  ny is making my feet hurt already  but we look great  smile 
"for the record, i love <propfirst> dunstan and my mother so ultra much  and of course all of the people i'm happily staying in ny with  smile "
first broadway play last night was wonderful and we went to the metropolitan museum of <propmale> for most of today  now everyone but me is asleep because i am a bad napper!
"p s  people don't drive where there are lines here, they drive where there's room for them to squeeze it "
they don't check ids in new york
"the addams family was so fun last night, and we just had our last meal in new york at the morning <propfemale> cafe  good bye new york, i'll see you again soon  love "
i'm back in idaho    everything is so quiet     i can actually hear myself breathe    
good morning!
"i'm going to bed, i don't feel well  sad "
going to my grandmamas to <propfemale> out with the family  smile  happy easta
diggin the woodstock documentary on vh1 right now  smile 
the sun came out and gave me a funny tan line on my chest  smile 
maybe i need some actual human interaction  or maybe its the weather  i'm just dragging ass today  i should have skiied 
contradictions taste good
i can see by your outfit that you are a cowboy
i think i'll actually go skiing today
i wish i could teleport
"groove, lounge"
ugh
all the birds were talking to me when i was laying in the sun today  love 
i'm officially beginning the building process of my prom dress  building    like with nails and wood 
i just flicked a spider off my shoulder  surprise 
"\i was amazed at how deep he could go    with his voice\"" -said i"""
come on <propfemale>
kant night was outrageous  i always enjoy hanging out with sexy chicks  smile 
every time the weekend rolls around i automatically get comfortable and forget that i'm even still in school  every sunday night when i realize i have to go back my heart breaks 
what a monday
tomorrow night i think i'll go to equaleyes 
"tonight was good  smile  first live equaleyes show (which was fun as hell to watch), had some good quality alone time, and also got some good quality <propfemale> time in   love "
"oh summer, where are you? come back to me?"
klondike
i finished my prom dress and raided my grandmas jewelry box and scored  hell yeah 
i'm tired of this farmville and zoo world shit 
i was going to clean my room      surprise  oops 
you've been a bad girl  a very very bad bad girl 
is cool
i could use a good poke in the eye
dizzy
i think i'll paint
cascaaaaaaaaaade with a car full of hotties
fuck westboro church  i am a fag enabler and proud of it 
can ear drums spasm?
make way for the a l eeeeeeee
<propfirst> kardashian is so not hotter than <propfirst> keidis 
4 more school days  surprise 
you 
hiccup   hiccup  hiccup hiccup
sunglasses indoors really really isn't cool  it never was 
i may decide to go down to the flying m  you can follow me there if you want  smile 
whats with all the ridiculously long <propfemale> things that everyone keeps liking   
others look
this shit is bananas
i feel the summer sleep schedule coming on    
"you are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely ^ ^"
wtf? last day of high school tomorrow?! party time!
hears london calling  surprise 
high school: check!
is officially graduated and had a new lap top  smile 
alive is the new dead!
i feel like today is my first actual day off since school haha  i've been so busy!
bowl of cereal    i'm ready for you 
gotta go to the rx
"is internet job hunting  i know the kind of job i want, its just so damn hard to get "
"i'm finally going to palates, for the first time in two weeks  its going to be a bitch "
i'm so stoked
is at the flying m!
i do know my bum muscles are in pain 
i had a good day smile  but i'm glad i'm in bed
"burn that useless homework! what did it ever do for you, anyways?!"
maybe i should get off my bum and do something 
wierd 
"i need to find a nice cardboard box to live in, when i move to boise, so if you have a decent sized one, let me know "
flying m likes cocorosie lately
goodnight  smile 
lawl
out to the good old valley of sunshines and hopefully nice weathers 
wore contacts today and didn't die  surprise 
quiggley is growling in his sleep     at the aliens about to abduct him     surprise 
what should i do today?
debating on if i should go into ketchum and get irvings or just make tuna here   
guess where i'm at!
has the giggles    all by herself ^ ^
soja
what strange eating habits i'm acquiring   
this is a call of arms to live and love and sleep together
i just woke up from a terrible dream that someone was trying to kill my grandmother 
hmmm    
"oh, sun!"
"long, fun weekend  smile  can i please go to bed at a decent hour tonight?"
"when i grow up, i wanna have boobies"
is less than mildly entertained 
is going to find a job today > laugh 
shards-o-glass freeze pop  yummmm
"is going to take herself to the flying m, i think "
cant fall asleep  surprise 
someone please run me over with a giant truck going at least 100 <propmale> an hour 
i like <propfirst> malkovich
<propfemale><propfemale>la <propfemale> a<propfemale>la  laugh 
guess who has a job? i do  i am officially a bagel artist at blue sky  come  buy a bagel 
"urgent:: need two bunk beds! for free! or, if you insist, i'll pay you five bucks  each "
i think this is the first job i'll go in on the first day and not be sickeningly nervous  smile 
yay blue sky at 7 smile 0 in the mornin!
aye <propfemale> <propfemale> mamma mia! i've got plans!  laugh 
is tired
uh oh  who has a 64 oz bottle of <propfemale> d? i do 
i fucking hate small towns 
<propmale> union    who are you?
has figured out what her first tattoo is and its going to be sick 
"off to irvings  everyone wish for a bunch of tips for me  i decided i would keep my shirt on today, since i'm working with the boss  tips just aren't as good with your shirt on  wink "
is about to leave sv
i love far and away!
is going to be to work on time tomorrow 
needs a perfect nights sleep to catch up her overall lack of sleep 
"is only an hour into her birthday, and its been great  smile  thank you beautiful friends, i love you "
yes     i really did spill <propmale> carters drink today 
half of my mouth is numb from the dentist and i keep accident making funny noises with my lips ^ ^
is off to get a new license and a checking account 
is going to sleep in tomorrow morning!  laugh 
is it sad that every place i work i go in on the off days to eat there? i guess i choose good places to work   
i'm listening to a really interesting conversation right now
had a great night! ate too much hot sauce  annoyed 
soooo lazy today!
so tired on the morning back to work    i wish i could go back to sleep  maybe i should get into black coffee  a regular cup of <propfirst>  or maybe i must take the step out into the fresh air  or maybe i should do all of my drugs at once  or just put my shoes on and go to work  wish me luck 
loves how well she didn't sleep 
is exhausted  and has another 4am shift to look forward to 
cheesus krist 
still tired  i'd like to catch up 
has three days off  laugh 
"a good warped year for weather, not so much for music that i listen to "
i wish i could grow a beard for no shave november -_-
pay day britches 
yay friends!
"whoa, black <propfemale>"
lawl
loves doing weird shit to her hair 
has an interview at pie hole tomorrow  laugh 
sweet disposition
"we are lies like the summertime\like the spring we are such fools\like fall we are false prophets\like winter we are cruel"
i don't get social networking sites 
ugh 
someone stay up with me all night?
has a great idea for a halloween costume  for once in her life 
rawwrrrrrrr > surprise 
is bored
lamebook   cracks me up ^ ^
lol  god  the hype 
"if you're having dreams in which your bananas need feeding, maybe you should spend more time thinking about your monkey  did you ever consider that?! your monkey might need feeding!"
workin workin
finally doesn't feel like she's going to die 
wiiiiish my hair was looooooong > sad 
don't ask me wtf i'm doing! thats my business beitch 
twooooooooooo days til portland after today!
blah
happy international world peace day!
portland portland portland portland portland
everyone has two days for their birthday      ones on the other side of the world though!  laugh 
"oh, btw i'm in portland "
enjoys good quality wake up time at noon
where is my otak?
black keys  love 
lawl?
"i just want to do it right    life, that is "
i love the notebook 
off to mount <propfirst>!
"literally feels like she just reentered earths atmosphere  tomorrow i will officially land on earths surface and have to face cold hard reality  nevertheless, i am glad to be here  my ass probably has pressure sores from sitting on it so long "
or pictures coming soon to a fb near you   
lives with mom and dad again ^ ^
why the hell can't i sleep? i work in two hours   crying 
jfkldsafdskalghdafndalfr -_- bunkerin down away from things that talk ftm 
 laugh 
i like it on the floor
<propfemale> dunstan
"today felt like a day off, i worked so early  goodnight!  laugh "
doin passport stuff
i'd like to think i'm the mess you'd wear with pride
found music on mtv?  surprise 
ugh
is it possible to be too sentimental? and i a memory hoarder? probably  smile 
speeeeeeeeed
"new dress, fairly new boots, they go great together and i look badass  nothing better  wink "
is not a wallflower  smile 
i have a crush on <propfemale> apple 
"kings of <propfirst> too  jesus, sex on fire is just sexy "
i need help with my halloween costume
is drinkin out of a cup  bein a bitch 
<propfemale> <propmale> was a cancer 
is really at work 
has the best taste is music 
its a double complete rainbow!
works in 5 hours!
"is eating her last bagel, for at least a month "
"no shave november starts today  boys, girls    put away your razors and shaving creams "
"thanks for dinner, mom"
e playful ect to feel pleasure  knowledge is sexy  e playful ect to feel pain  knowledge is torture 
>:'o i r savage!
"so i'm looking for an ine playful ensive place to live, in boise  if you know anything you should let me know  smile "
"i would like to go see paranormal activity sometime this week  would someone like to go with me?  smile  i'd go alone, but i don't know if that would be a good idea"
orly?
what? you got beef?
so i officially have my own room in the apartment i share with the wonderful gray sperry  happy  smile 
oh  my god  mutha fucking snow  brang it on snow snow snow snow snow snow!  laugh 
needs to find something to do 
 surprise 
 laugh 
i don't currently have a message for the world 
<propfirst>  someone in this building likes slamming shit around every once in a while and it scares me every time 
"i wish i was in college so i could have a college photo album  i should put all of my new pictures in the no life album, or possibly in the still sitting on my ass album "
i r tired  got to work an hour and a half early today - _ -
 love   smile  thumbs up eyes wide heart open soul happy
nutella on celery is on my mind 
"house warming gifts? what   like, insulation?"
lawl
"if love's a word, that you say\then say it, i will listen"
sooooooouuuuuup
just spent too much time on fabebook in one sitting 
ridin my bike to the funky reggae xmas!
i had a dream that i looked up and saw the lunar eclipse last night  does that count?
at some point i think i'll leave for sun valley today 
has arrived!
"her eyes are rubies and pearls \and she's not made like those other girls"
 love 
is hanging with the raddest cat
whelp 
mumford and sons pandora radio plays some good shit 
home?
"\they have learned their lesson if they realize in time that the only true and necessary freedom to which they should aspire is the one within them \"""""
is totally home 
hahahahahaha i hope its healthy to laugh this much  my chest hurts  damnyouautocorrect com is so  damn  funny 
whooooa need to get off my ass
purchased a shit load of yogurt today 
zomg
soup [suihkonen] for dinner!
aahh  damnyouautocorrect com never fails to brighten my day 
flakes 
kuna is weird  i don't like it 
i guess i'll clean my room since moms coming over  i wouldn't want her to think that i haven't changed a bit!
lawl  everyones trippin on the zodiac signs right now 
buh 
back 
ain't no thang!
damn 
where are we? what the hell is going on?
how do you make those notes on here?
is on to something 
"i've provided a note to be read, hopefully  just was inspired to actually record some of the thoughts i was having today, that i thought might be of interest to someone  just maybe  smile "
damnyouautocorrect   you've done it again 
betcha can't guess where i'm going
peptor docper
gd  i'm mf tired  i'm gtb for a bit 
itching to go out of town  out of state even?
"so i know its dorky to tell everyone your dreams from the night before, but this is worth it  all it one night i dreamt of killing a man, of zombies, and of being in wow (they added a new place   called mountain home  i don't know if you heard) fighting for my life "
i just lost 
bardic danger erg-my
the whole wide world is mine  smile 
offffffffffffffffffffffffffffff to work
"breakfast at jims diner, good way to start the morning  smile "
"animals as leaders, the second best of the night  thursday, fun  underoath, fucking amazing "
tired 
tooooooooooooo the m 
muffin slut
"damn you, <propfirst> aaja "
<propfirst> chatterton bardic danger erg-my
"girl, you have no faith in medicine!"
love!  love 
someone should meet me at the flying m 
duckling is a funny word ^ ^
"has werk, beitch "
"go away, cough > sad "
happy birthday mom!
is excited  smile 
nice!
tired 
facebook just gave me the option of adding myself as a friend   
needs understanding  hoping for reciprocated love as well 
i am a silenc-errr
zomg  bored 
sometimes i eat things so delicious i wish they'd never end 
someone tell these customers to stop being bitches 
raisin bran! > laugh 
p s  i've had a good last couple of days   smile 
educate yourself!
"i'll be your black bird darlin'\hanging on your telephone wire\flap my wings, oh yeah\and set your heart to fly"
is sitting next to an asshole 
"silly day, silly day "
whats on my mind? you 
riding my bike around boise today! i'm feeling good 
"dear westboro church, i hate you "
"i'll waaaaaaait for you theeeere, liiiike a stoooone"
love your mother!
coffee and food 
i like cucumbers and sasugaaeeee
i like cucumbers and sasugaaeeee
i like cucumbers and sasugaaeeee
i like cucumbers and sasugaaeeee
i like cucumbers and sasugaaeeee
bardic danger erg-my
half dorn
<propfemale> gable
is annoyed 
so i might have just had another bagel  so what 
oh my
"\queef and abolish!\"" - <propfemale> dunstan"""
l8r
double you tee eff 
sometimes i see extremely cute children  i want to steal them 
yummmm > surprise 
i believe in retail therapy 
r sleepy
methinks i'm going to relax and watch a movie
weird 
who are you?
this weekend proved to be rad  now the question is     can i fast forward to the next?
"i'm only four hours early to work, its cool "
is taking things into her own hands!
i tend to eat like an elf 
"have you met my wife, magdelena squalor? she's a steal "
"<propfirst> buzzard, you left your wallet at blue sky bagels"
wants to punch someone 
today is a dawsons day 
can we make an angry lesbians game for iphones? the lady at the gas station should be in it 
 surprise 
i love apple juice 
homegrown 
left my phone at home - -
"i'm always befriending musicians and artists  is it just a good place to live or am i just attracting good people? i don't know, but i dig it "
"it kinda struck a little <propfemale> in fact, i'd like to keep my little shell intact"
today is a mumford day 
old men remind me of my grandpa  which makes me love them 
went for a hike! and now i feel wonderbar!
make like a tree and get the fuck out 
starfish?
