3953b6af5d919d00178431c3850447e4
is slowwwly overpowering life    ha  i'll defeat you - -
<propfirst> lohan used to be sooo pretty 
want to go see paranormal activity tonight  laugh 
just getting over an incredible sickness   ugh      o o
"what's your favorite type of ramen?  i like beef, and chicken"
"at night they come without being fetched, and by day they are lost without being stolen "
what did i do
can't sleep   
"people on \black friday\""       freakin insane      finding the cheapest stuff and trampling people for it is not the meaning of christmas people   """
is livin in a shower with no soap     i hate snow
just got roses from her wonderful fiance    smile 
can't sleep  
<propfemale> freakin christmas!  i have the best guy ever  smile 
my bday is in 4 days!!
thank u everyone  laugh   laugh  hehehe
is peeved she can't put in an infinite health cheat for fallout 3 on 360    - -   fu pc people
i      hate    snow
black     and pink     o o
gargle gargle blargle!
affairs   wenches     alone   again    go figure 
"olfkjg'lakdnfgklnaofbmc,vmbn,mfvnbiuoatrijuq-9tqerig35846847agf4b65adfhajdofipbgjklzxcmbi6 565 d mkleffu"
"its wayback week!!!! retro retro retro retro everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! copy and paste this, and lets see how adorable (lol) we all were!!! wayback week!!!"
fuzzy navels and monopoly     family game night!!
"<propfemale>   an extremely attractive girl whos flirty personality and curvacious figure will keep you coming back for more  she's typically a brunette but occasionally acts blonde  she enjoys long relationships and has many close guy friends  often mistaken for a \slut\"" but really isn't  she can also be a super bitch if you get onto her bad side """
computer won't let me play happy aquarium              noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!
it's movie line week here on facebook  cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines--don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines!
<propmale> passed his first test                laugh 
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have a loved one in heaven "
mmm     sushi    
"we started moving at 6 am, moved our entire room from our house to <propmale>'s house by noon   trying to get used to a new place "
"is very proud of her <propmale>    he passed his written test, and then his physical agility test   and now he's trying to quit smoking  smile "
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
"i think, and if i do say so myself, in my opinion, speaking of which, about that, with that in mind, to clarify, no offense but, on the contrary (to popular belief), don't get me wrong, by the way, and another thing, not to point fingers but, on top of that, to shed some light on the subject, that's a horse of a different color "
<propmale> <propmale> has never won an academy award for acting    because he's not acting 
"well i heard a noise   and so i came downstairs to see what it was   and there was this huge bird, and it was stuck inside the screen door there   so i let it ou    and then    it left   "
"hey sorry if that posted five times it was being stupid, and i didn't even know it was going to everyones wall"
"<propmale>'s car won't start, and mine is pissing oil   we can't drive either of them   what a wonderful life we have "
can't sleep  
don't you love parents???!!   no
"how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to comment how they met me  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be     have fun!"
everyone should go to my happy aquarium and give me luck so i can get a good gift!! and vote for my tanks and leave me messages in bottles  laugh 
miss me w
"all right   i've heard stories about <propfirst> pattinson not being cast as <propmale> cobain, and stories of him being cast   is he or isn't he?   i really hope not  "
job interview tomorrow at 8am!
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her a smile and she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her crap, be    ready          to receive a ton of s***    post it on your wall if you agree!!"
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again   i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms   i have you in my heart  repost if you have someone in heaven?"
happy birthday mommy  
in a bad mood   - -         stay out of my way or you will go down 
easy don't come easy
heyy   if you're sitting at home bored tonight   or sitting anywhere bored    you should come to sokol at 7 to see aneurysm    $7    you won't regret it                      smile 
and so it goes   and goes   and goes         and goes
"does it mean i need to get out more if the sign that says \north to minneapolis\"" excites me?  hehe i think so"""
     true blood  season 2 on dvd  5 days      hehe
the search is on for cute boots                       lol
i am totally writing this from a dsixl!!  i want one!
i'm so excited i can barely type!!
if you don't have a weak stomach you should check out my little nephews owie   laugh 
"happy fathers day   i am blessed to have two daddys who love me, and i love them both dearly "
i have a ton of new items and inventory    and a crap load of game prizes   sooooo someone should book a pure romance party with me
thank you <propmale> for the bottle rocket burn on my leg   you win       smile 
"rest in peace cinnamon, our one eyed guinea pig      piggy guin   "
"hey i had my first pr party, but i didn't get quite enough to become active   i have $110 but need $250 by the 25th   so if you need to order anything please contact me!!  thanks!!"
have i changed anyone's life?
"anyone want to lend me $5,550 for a car??     laugh "
"woke up to a cat fight next to me, have scratches to prove it   went back to sleep and dreamt that i was trapped on a space ship with zombies "
date night is hilarious
" sad    day one is very lonely  and day 2, 3, 4, and possibly 5 are going to be much worse "
"ran into someone i went to elementary school with today, he looks exactly the same, and he recognized me also so i guess i look the same too   weird "
what if when we dreamt little thinking bubbles appeared above our heads showing what we were dreaming of
watched a commercial for a road legal golf cart being filmed today    it was awesome!  and they let us drive it about 15 feet           laugh 
we move into our apartment on the 6th!!
lol   
ugh
"to everyone who has ever made me laugh, or even just smile, i love you "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes   smile    it sure means a lot
