eb6a5ad7bc537413b2168d5f14858a72
is not being as productive as she had hoped she would be today 
just got her osf tix in the mail and has just bought her plane tix to nashville--i mean knoxville!  smile 
is feeling sick and really wishes she were able to keep food and or water down   sad 
is deciding what to do with her day
is taking a looooooooooooong time on her syllabi   annoyed 
is done with syllabi!!  now to have lunch and plot evening e playful loits 
done on campus finally and heading back over the water 
is home but not looking forward to grading papers 
"does anyone want to see zanna, don't! at the rep tonight?  i have an extra ticket!!  laugh "
is off tomorrow and has only 10 more days of getting up before 6 am! yay!
is looking to escape the heat and the people   smile 
has lots to do before tomorrow but little drive to do it 
is making very slow progress in writing this quiz   annoyed 
quiz has now been written   now to decide: grade more papers or relax?
woke up with a wicked headache   hoping it goes away before i get to work 
"headache is passing (didn't go full migraine on me, thank goodness), but residual fatigue remains  thanks for the well wishes   smile "
is getting a lot done on campus before heading over to casa <propmale> mojito for a friend's birthday dinner!
home  exhausted  zzzzzzzzzzz 
"watching the baz luhrmann australian opera production of la boheme on video   the quality would be better on dvd, but i'll still be bawling like a baby at the end "
is gonna go out and dance in the warm summer rain!
spoke too soon  rain stopped as quickly as it had started   sad 
is pulling an all-nighter trying to get these papers graded   sad 
is going to be grading papers all day! fun!
is finally home after spending two hours on i-90 on mercer island   whee   smile 
had a <propfemale> with dinner at mama's and got a hangover four hours later   getting old   playful 
is working late tonight 
is hiding from the heat and crowds (and is very sorry to mali and <propfirst>)
finally some summer rain! sounds of raindrops hitting the leaves of the trees and bushes and the scent of ozone in the air    
"has succeeded in making a tasty, miso-based, veggie and noodle soup!"
is actually happy to be working late   it's nice and cool in this building   leaving the eastside around 9 tonight 
"happy to be home, but not happy that it's so friggin hot in here   i need air conditioning, or at least a fan "
is wondering if classes could be held in a swimming pool somewhere    
just made spicy stir-fried veggies with hunan red chili sauce!
is about to teach her last night class of the quarter! yay!
has that bittersweet end-of-quarter feeling   heading home!
is up in the mountains for her sister's wedding weekend festivities!
is back home!
is enjoying her stay in knoxville 
is back in seattle!
"das vibenbass at the triple door tonight, anyone?"
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
would be super grateful to anyone who was going to be out and about in west seattle today to bring her pho!
"thinks <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfirst> are awesome with awesome sauce for emergency delivery of pho! thank you guys!"
wishes she could kick this cold flu right now so she could stay awake for more than 2 hours at a time and get grading done 
finally feeling human again! now it's time to catch up on all the work i neglected when i was sick!
"hey mafia-please ignore the \attack\""   hit the button by accident """
managed to slip and sprain (?) her ankle while getting off the bus this morning  ouch 
is eternally grateful to mali!!!  i'm so lucky to have such great friends 
"mafia wars family: thanks for backing me up in the war   i tried to reward you all but don't know if it worked   it was a nice surprise to see that although war had been declared while i was offline, it had also been won   non-mafia family: don't forget you can hide these updates on your news feed by hiding the mafia wars application (you don't have to hide me) "
trying to decide what to do with my last real day of freedom for awhile   smile   anyone else off today?
real day of freedom ended up being real day of errands and finishing syllabi   oh well   smile 
<propmale> classes begin tomorrow   i am hoping to get to sleep soon so i can be in good form tomorrow   smile  the first day of the quarter is always hard for me 
<xara>
working (replying to student posts on our class website and grading papers)
heading out for dinner and crazyheart
getting ready to head over for belated yule  have a few stops to make on the way 
stuffed with good food and back to grading papers 
getting ready to walk up to the junction for record store day and other fun before i have to start grading
"back from the junction easy street, poorer in cash but richer in music   smile "
"had a lovely brunch at spring hill, but unfortunately have to (really!) start grading now!"
grading train is running out of steam     
back from grading at beveridge place    think that will be my spot for awhile   smile 
rip guru   sad 
is up too late grading and now heading to bed
"would like to be in a better mood now, thanks "
is almost ready to admit that a raclette grill is necessary for making good raclette 
time for a morning walk!
midterm grading overload=stressed
dear seattle weather: thank you for being <propfemale> and springlike for a couple of days   it really helps keep me in a better mood   keep up the good work 
is giving this stomachache no more than 6 hours to go away (please?!)
rip <propfirst> hopper  wish i had a copy of easy rider to watch in his memory 
"on hour 10 of grading this weekend, and still not halfway done   sad "
wow! thanks for all of the birthday greetings!  i was not e playful ecting the flood of warm thoughts   i'm so lucky to have you all in my life!
three more days!  hope i can dig my way out of these papers and presentations by then!
is wishing she could watch the usa-england game right now   
"i hate to say it, but i was rather impressed with north korea's performance today   brasil ended up winning 2-1, but they didn't play all that well "
on the train back to seattle
"back home, comforting the kitties"
is contemplating a walk to alki   does anyone want to come?
working on syllabi    
has sustained the first paper cut of the quarter  ouch!
"alas, no win for the u s  today   well-played, ghana!"
"dinner tonight: sauteed cabbage with veggie \chorizo\"" (chipotle field roast)  om nom!"""
dishes and laundry done? check! condo vacuumed and bathroom cleaned? check!  courses planned calendars created? check!  i just might get to go out and play today after all!
"ok, the fourth was lovely, but have many papers to grade today   anyone want to hit a coffeeshop bar for a grading study read relax session?"
is hoping this headache she woke up with isn't going to turn into a migraine   sad 
is at the tail end of the migraine (i hope!)
"salutes all her friends family doing the stp this weekend: <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>  f    "
happy birthday to <propfemale> rowland and to my dad!!
lazy dinner tonight: fresh green beans sauteed in brown butter and lemon juice 
absolutely loves <propfirst>!  could easily live here 
is in brisbane and going to see wombats and koalas tomorrow!
is in kybong at the ostrycharz homestead and heading to noosa soon 
is getting better   apologies if i owe you a phone call   have been sick 
is sick for the second time this month   sad 
"is ashamed that we still have to go to war with one another, but grateful for the sacrifices made by the men and women who serve "
good news: i'll have a bit more free time next quarter  bad news: i'll have a lot less money   ah the mixed blessing of lower enrollment 
"this post goes out to <propfirst>, who can never read my posts for some reason    smile "
happy australia day!!
"saw ravenna woods, <propfemale> ahn and devotchka at the paramount last night   what an amazing show!  thanks, <propfemale> (and <propfirst> for post-show snacks!)!"
