3831fcc4a62207dad34664e051a0f9e0
cant wait till tonight  i'm going to see the new transformers with my friend for her birthday  i know that shit go be crunk 
im enjoyin dis holiday week  its been feelin awsome all week  im jus ready to get back behind dat stove  too ready to whip up somethin fy at da work house 
car is back in da shop on my ass again  i might just see if i can trade my car in for a voucher or something bigger than yella 
at work wonderin where ima get a new tire  my tire blew out on me on my way to work but its cool  it was hott as hell while i was changing da tire on da side of da eway  i still got some kind of breeze as da cars flew by  i guess it time to re up on dem c
hey!! look im delicious 
at work jus woke up from an awesome power nap  da only thing about it i wanna go back to sleep (so much for a power nap) now i gotta make dis food for these white folks  dat paper is callin !!!
it football season!!!! den my steelers are playin tonight  yall aint ready for dat steel curtain 
at work not doin $hit chillin in da kitchen  its go be another borin night tonight like always  i need some type of entertainment or somethin to make da day go by faster 
another super borin day at work  i really need a life 
is havin one hell of a day in the kitchen today  i thought today would be a breeze but i had to work both my stations today  i cant wait till all dis work pays off 
is sick cause my screen on my phone went out on my face  so for those who got my number hit me up and let me know what there number is again so i can write it down for record for da new phone comin soon 
i cant wait next week a nigga go be dub  on the ninth  yall aint ready!!!
i meant to say dub deuces 
at work goin through another super borin day  im so bored i think i might jus walk around da club til its time for break or better yet til its time to go  mane i love my job!(not)
da only flaws of workin in a kitchen is you never know what to make when you hungry  only when you aint hungry you can whip up one of the fyest meals <propfemale> 
at work goin thru another super borin day at da club  im finna find me a lil part time gig like asap 
six more days!!!!
one more day til da big day!!!
im ready for them steelers to wreak havoc on a da national football league!!!!
at wort bored out my mind ppl cancelin parties and stuff  i jus need a couple beers and maybe a bday stick and da day might go smooth  but i know fosho da i need some beer  yea i said some four tall boys  icehouse is callin my name!!!
is finna head home after a good days worth of work  now its time to crack open dem beers dats callin my name and maybe find me a birthday stick  you never know 
is chillin after a busy day at da club  i see old ppl really like duck and salmon but its all good i made it through  now its time to get drunk or a least tipsy  i really need me a car 
at work chillin out  i made some pudding pie today mane dat $hit was bangin  i put some whipped cream and chocolate straws on top  it looked delicious  yea i said looked 
is tryin to make pina colada jello from scratch  its not holdin up for me but da pineapple sauce i make for t is bangin  we'll see if it holds up for da ppl 
at work bored as ever  i jus made some butterfinger pudding  its okay for what it is but it aint got nothin on dat chocolate pudding pie i made last week  now dat junt was bangin!!!!
is goin thru another borin day at work  waitin on my nigga to get better so we can get back on at da work house  i need a vacation i might take one next month sometime for bout a week or so  no what aint no might to it i am go take a vacation next month 
is ready to get dis day over wit  i hope dis vacation get posted for a nigga cuz its needed 
is at work goin thru another borin day  i cant wait to go home and get on a game or somethin   im still in da process of gettin me a car  dirty's new car coming to theaters soon!!!!
is ready for dem steeler boys to whip on da chiefs tomorrow  are you ready?!?!?!?
today was a good day  i won $75 today off a dollar lottery ticket  work was a breeze no crazy stuff went down  cant wait for monday ima try to get me a car den we goin to incredible pizza!!!! go carts here i come  anybody else wanna join da festivities????
"ooohhhhhh i belieevee you are a rainbow, all the heaven iiii need to see  you're the promise everlasting and ahhh and where you are i want to beee  and aahh make me say it again girrlll make me sayy it again girl make me sayy it again girrrlll  you're all i neeeeeeeed ahh yes you are  you're alllll iiiii neeeed "
hey girl aint no mystery  at leeeast as far as i can see  i wanna keep you heerree layyin next to me sharrinn our looove between da sheets 
j!!e!!t!!s!! jets! jets! jets! good job sanchez u did what we couldnt do
lets see dem dirty birds fly!!! and $**t on dem cowgirls and dat <propfirst> homo!!! lol lets go dirty birds!!!! mcscab and vick can win dis!
"my life is so borin!!!!!! da only thing that keeps me goin is my job and thats not right  i really need somethin new in my life school, a girl, a somethin i dont know!!! lol"
another day in the life  at the crescent club whoooo!!!! gotta love it(not!!!) lol well i cant complain about free money  get dat money dookie!!!! lol
another day another dollar       
"is ready to head home and crack open up some beers  \i sho preciate u bringin dem beers ova \"" lmao"""
is thinkin bout goin ova my niggas house to get a fresh cut i been needin one for bout a month and a half now my hair so ruff i <propmale> started back wearin hats lol its all good ima get my waves back on point cuz i gotta look good for da ppl it friday tomorrow  gotta love it!!!!
sittin here watchin bolt wit my nephew  gotta love it!
at work bored as ever!!
at work bein black  damn!! dis shit is hard work!! but somebody gotta do it
is on dat yella     wat u kno bout dat?
is finna change his name to i need money  ima be a mute and everythang wearin bubble coats in da summer time den ima move to havard lovel house 5th floor right on da couch  lmao
who knows anything about been off on mondays all da time? gotta love it!!
is chillin at my nephews gma house wit my nigga markezza lol   
chillin at my nigga house watchin transformers 2 wit ol girl <propfemale> <propfirst> lol      
"i woke up dis mornin eyes half closed look up in da mirror and said\ damn im cold!!\"""""
is chillin wit his friend <propfemale> <propfirst> listenin to dirty <propfemale>        
at work chillin       
(mr  brown voice) dis is yo grandiddy! dis is yo grandiddy! dis is yo grandiddy!grandiddy!grandiddy ooohhhh!
(stinkmeaner voice) i smell new shoe bitch nigga!! yea i backd into yo car! what you gonna nigga! what you gonna dooo!
i jus won $25 off da $1 scratch offs
next time u go to a fast food spot like burger <propmale> or wendys order a large jr  whopper pizza wit extra apple fries or a baconator burrito wit a large kids meal       lmao!
(mr  brown voice) today is a celebrate! its a celebrate!
is goin to subway and orderin a fried bologna and cheese pizza with a pigskin sub sandwich with extra pickles and hot sauce on da side  oh yea and dont forget my extra smedium kool-aid  da red kind or da blue and i dont wont u be callin it by its flavor name  its called da red kind or da blue kind!!!!
is lookin for somebody to let me borrow $10 till next week nigga tryin to make it to da work house im ridin on air right now
is in search of a _____ and a_____ den ill be ok   
"her face glows like a light, her eyes twinkle like stars in the night  her hair is so beautiful, her smile will stay with me forever  and when she talks to me, her voice rings so heavenly  she brings my heart to it knees whenever we'er together  and out all my masters verse theres  nothin in this whole universe that can compare to this creation  even when she was a baby there aint nothing like a lady "
(stinkmeaner voice) i smell new shoes bitch nigga!!!
on my way home! oooohhh on my way home! on my way home! oooohh! on my way home! gotta love it!!!
attention true gamers: da greatest 2d game ever made is coming back with a part 3!! <propfemale> vs  capcom 3!!!!!! awwwwwww u gotta love it!! comin soon <propfirst>  2011! i cant wait!!
sittin at da house watchin yo gabba gabba wit my nephew <propmale> lol 
is feelin very purple dis mornin lol    
is still feelin very purple dis nightmornin lol    
another day at the crescent club yay( not!!!) oh well i gotta make dat money if nobody else will 
is lookin to get into somethin today       somebody hit a nigga up
is kickin it wit da white folks listen to icp  wat u juggalos!!!
jus got through lookin at a 03 04 chs yr book and aint nobody changed in my class of 05 lol how time has flown by lmao  
yeppp yea sirrr sho ya right <propfirst> <propfirst> dig dat fasho dats wats up mmhm  dig it yesssss!!! u feel me!? lol i doubt it 
while everybody else out in bookface world is runnin and walkin gettin dey kanye workout plan on im sittin at da house doin my own workout plan da dirty1 workout plan ima have a six pack in no time from all dis coughin lol jk yall kno i love my belly lmao
"what's that sound? it's the wind, its speaking to us  what's it saying? i dont know, i dont speak wind "
random thought: can a muslim go h a m ??
at da house chillin wit <propfemale> listenin to <propfirst>   
at da house chillin wit <propfemale> listenin to michael   you dont even know!! lol
am i the meanest? sho nuff!! am i the prettiest? sho nuff!! am i the baddest mo fo in all of harlem? sho nuff!! damn right! da last dragon gotta love it! lol
directa yo feetsa to daddy green's pizza     
is at work kickin it wit <propfemale> lol     sn: diet coke floats while coka cola sinks 
random question:: what weighs less as a solid than as a liquid??
random thought: know what's worse than finding a worm in your apple is finding half a worm in your apple  lol
is not feelin good     
is still not feelin 100       
standin outside in my shorts and craigs(houseshoes for da slowbunnies lol) takin in dis warm sun and cool air chillin wit nephew and big bruh  it feels awesome out here!!
is thinkin bout        wouldnt she like to know lol
nigga!! im off on a saturday! a saturday?! where dey do dat at?! lol gotta love it!!
out and about payin bills and finna get my baby an oil change so she can be back 100  ydek!! lol
it is time!!! rampage vs rashaad!!!! m town goin down!!! rampage finna killa nigga!!!!! ydek!!
she said da sky is under da sunroof  lol!! where dey do dat at?
is at da house watchin dragonball z wit my nephew  da beginning <propfemale> gohan was a kid and goku jus learnd kayokan from <propmale> <propfemale>  gotta love it!!
another day another dollar         
at da house watchin monster inc    credits lol        sn: im slick ready to go to work    
i love mondays!! you would love mondays too if they were your regular off day! gotta love it       
is chillin on da porch wit <propfemale> <propfirst> bumpin dat good ol <propfirst> ruffin  gotta love it!! gotta nigga feel real good right now lol    
i cant wait till september!! football!! whooooo!! yeaaa!! football!! weee doggies! footbal!! gotta love it! the steeler revolution will be televised!!
is watchin da new boondocks before i hit da hay  <propmale> is gangsta as f**k lol him and his lil white crew
how bout dem grizzlies!!! m-town goin down!!
naw naw naw!! f dat how bout dem steelers!!! steeler nation all day! steel curtain for life! football!! whooo!!! i cant wait!!
at da house celebratin saturday wit my brotha and my nigga <propmale>       
happy saturday!!! lets all celebrate!!
happy papa day!! shout out to all da pops and uncles out there doin da damn thang for da lil ones!! keep doin wat ya doin cuz aint nobody else will!
where da pool at?!?!?!
"jus me, myself and <propfemale> <propfirst>         "
is sittin on da porch wit <propfemale> <propfirst> in class :thug motivation 103 dr  y  jeezy is da professer
at home wachin this is it wit da nephew  lovin da quality time
shout out to <propmale> <propmale>!! m town representa! the goalie for our u s  soccer team!!
the boondocks was a tripp!!! <propmale> is too gangsta!!
cant wait to go see the last airbender!! i hope dis junt is as crunk as da show!! earth kingdom all da way! ydek
another day another dollar       
i need money!!!
i jus won on da scratch offs     gotta love jumbo bucks!!
i need money!!!
yepp     it has begun     mortaaalll kombaaaaatt!!!!!!
surfs up!!! finna go surfin in dat ocean! gotta buff dat board before i hit da water! ydek lol
you told harpo to beat me? i loves harpo god knows i do! lol
think i might found me a white plastic glock      only time will tell
and thats when it all happend! whats that? gas!!!
(sobbing pinky voice) dont kill me youngblood dont kill me! i got kids man        i gotta f-in girlfriend wit a wife on da side 
we dont get geeked no more we jus nerded out lol
sittin at da house watchin a classic space jam!!! its been forever since i seen dis junt  gotta love it
is thinkin bout leavin da nest and findin my own tree to post up at if u kno wat i mean  and im dead serious
is on da hunt for my new tree  gotta love it 
i think we found da new tree  only time will tell
is really not feelin good   
i gotta tree!!! im so excited!!
out bar hoppin soakin up dis independent life dats growin itself upon me 
i love mondays!!!! does anyone agree wit me or am i crazy for lovin monday?
(in my country redneck voice) football!!! whoo!! gotta love it!!! football!!whoo!! come on everybody say it wit me!! football!!! whooo!!
chillin at da s&s group therapy house     a green place of rest and relaxation
at da sushi bar do (doe) in midtown gettin it in on these spicy tuna rolls and hot sake  gotta love it!
i gotta hit of madden today and oooohhhwweeeeeee!!! man!! dat was da greatest drug i ever hit!! lol i love dat madden high!! u feel unstoppable after a dominatin win!! gotta love it! wat u kno about dat madden high?!?
its saturday i got a job but nothin to do  lol
i wanna go to da tea party and burn some loggs like da witches we gotta keep it brewin        u down
is bored and sober   somebody come help me out plz
poker night!!!!
"in my thug motivation class wit <propfemale> <propfirst> and my nigga black  da a c is broke in da classroom and it feels like a sauna      like my nigga jeron gma <propfemale> say \its a sin and a shame!!\"" lol"""
is at da house enjoyin dis beautiful monday  gotta love it!! mondays!! whoooo!!! lol
(wit two thumbs up in my italian voice)aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!
yepp!! it's friday!!!
steeler nation!! let me hear you represent!! steelers! steelers! steelers! football!! whoo!!
i heard dat <propfemale> u join da porn industry da screen name youre givin is da name of your first pet and da street u grew up on  whats up ladies my name is duke crow  what's your porn name? lol
sittin da porch wit <propfemale> <propfirst> havin a tea party       
"<propfirst> wanna go to wonderland and have a tea party wit da mad hatter, march hare and the always lovin door mouse(mean little f-er lol j k) tonight        "
at da church house all suited and booted lookin good fellin good        gotta love it!
sittin at my nigga house watchin kung fu movies waitin on <propfemale> <propfirst>        
"p s a: my birthday is next week on thursday september 9, 2010!!! are u ready?"
damn!! she pregnant!
my car is wrecked! its ova for my lil buick!
"wanna go to a tea party tonight! who down to roll wit <propfemale> to wonderland to chill wit da mad hatter, march hare, and dadoor mouse?"
sittin on da porch wit <propfemale> <propfirst> and mild enjoyin dis beautiful memphis weather  gotta love it!!
fb p s a : my birthday is in two days den i move out on friday! are you ready?
sittin on da porch wit my favorite girl  she always kno how make a nigga happy  i love you <propfemale>! lol
tonight might be my last night on <propmale> st  if u catch my drift
cant wait to go home and chill in my crib lol
is finna spend my first night at da new crib!
think i might got me a new gig in da makin    
i miss my family       
at da crib watchin da last dragon  who's the master?!
i don't won't no <propfirst>g ol fop! ima dapper <propfirst> man!!
football!!! whoooo!!!
<propfirst> moss is a viking once again!! farve and moss?!? who wouldve thunk it?
i got a new jizzob!! i cant wait!
on my way to da new gig and im lovin it! hello my name is <propfirst> beloch dietry chef for the memphis jewish home  you dont even know!
my day almost ova  im still kinda gettin use to gettin off durin da day  oh but im lovin every bit of it!
im off and da sun is still up  what dat be like? lol gotta love it!!
at da work house rackin up dis ot  twelve hr shifts? wat dat be like?
overtimmmmeeeee!!!! gettin paid $16 50 is suuuuuuuuuper love  mane i love dis new job!!!
it feels good to be off!
is lookin for a lucky lady to hit a dinner and movie wit  who down?
happy turkey day to all da ppl of da m town and surroundin areas  i hope u all enjoy today im celebratin in da new spot got da turkey ready to go  ima get my sides from da work house and ima have a thanksgivin in front of a flat screen  gotta love it! its go be my first turkey day by myself i wonder wats dat like? gotta try somethin new everyday i guess 
random thought: who do u think would win a race around the world wit sonic da hedgehog verses the flash?
tron was da shizznizzle  a must see
at da crib on dat madden 11
my godsons bday is dis tuesday comin up i wanna wish my lil man a supa happy birthday  happy birthday <propmale> smith!!!
superbowl 45 prediction: atlanta falcons v s  pittsburg steelers  what do yall think fb fam?
at my first house party dat has armed security
how bout dem steelers!!! afc champions and superbowl bound!!
its still steeler nation wit me win or lose! black and yellow! black and yellow! black and yellow!!
i slick wanna move back in wit moms and da fam  i miss bein around them  i love yall belochs and fuzzs
