2de5a5feeca112b5d2a88f645ff4ab2c
"from a pagan persepctive - when it comes to \warrior goddesses  there really aren't any warrior gods who can equal \them "
"you shall know the\ truth, and the truth shall make you odd \ - flannery o'connor"
"may all my family, friends and readers be inscribed and sealed in the \book of life, find deep and lasting joy, and be divinely blessed with \all good on this new year "
"ohmygosh, i definitely need to remove twitter from my wall "
that's much better!
"i'm trying to reset some of my facebook settings, bear with me "
i can't get my feeds to post on my wall since i took off twitter  nothing i do is working  all my settings seem right  i'm frustrated with facebook at the moment 
i give up on fixing this for tonight 
"if anyone can tell me how to fix it so that my blog posts post to my wall again, please help! facebook is not cooperating with me "
have a blessed and safe samhain   halloween!
bravo! to my grandson <propfirst> on a beautiful violin performance this evening on 1490 am radio!
"rté ie will be streaming the winter solstice sunrise from the inner chamber at newgrange from 8 55am gmt on 21 december  this time corresponds to tuesday, december 21, 2010 at 02:55 am cst in the united states "
"to all my family and friends who celebrate christmas and new years - <propfemale> christmas and may you all be blessed with health, happiness, joy and all goodness "
discounts available for purchases over $75 and over $150 at witchcrafts by liorah lleucu  convo shoppe for unique coupon code to be used at checkout to receive discount 
"i am posting this from my old laptop  my computer is down and going for repairs tomorrow  i'm not ingnoring answering anyone, but my computer situation may keep me occupied through the weekend  hope not, but if my reply is absent or slow in coming, you know why "
blessed imbolc!
"my sister in law's surgery went well today, thank goddess "
"after having two lobes of one lung removed, she's on nasal oxygen, with an spo2 of 100% and out of icu now!"
blessed be goddess for bringing me to this day!
"another formal complaint has been filed with etsy support for slander and harassment of me by <propfemale> upshaw of white magick shoppe who has also now encouraged other etsians to also begin harassing me in convos and on my blog  i've had to file several complaints over the past several months, and as yet, etsy has not stopped this repeated abuse of me  sisters! help me! what can i do to stop this?"
"i have removed myself from the soa by refusing to comply with an ultimatum issued to me by the soa council, containing within its words among other things, a blatant lie accusing me of posting a sisterspace conversation between two sisters on my public blog  this is a fabricated lie against me  be careful my true friends "
be wary of organizations where there is no mechanism of accountability of leaders to the laypeople 
first day on my new job went really well! a very good sign!
what a beautiful weekend this is turning out to be!
happy purim and ostara to all my friends!
