69175576302707ab77d0fb57c0ad5bdc
myspace is better
facebook sucks man 
so my cell phone is at the bottom of an artificial lake  that's a lot of lost <propfirst>   
"alright so i got a new phone now, send me your number if youd like to be contacted"
i'm still accumulating my contacts  message me if you want my awesomeness to come inside your cellular space 6618039606
i am not taking a shit in the livingroom
dude court sucks  the system sucks! i'm going off to join the rainbow family who wants to come with me!?
mmm chips n guacamole beautiful people and good conversation  i'm so happy i could crap a rainbow 
i live in a differn't dimension of time and e playful erience every week  living in my fantasy world is so intensely greater than normal reality   
anyone know shit about getting cheap or free medical insurance in this bankrupt state of ca?
"my mind is full of time and space, can't find a good cookie anyplace  i think i may, i think i might, just walk off the moonlit edge tonight  my lovercio cometh"
she presses herself into the warmth and firmness of the mountains  lips rub at the warm walls of sweet flesh and liquid tongue pushes firmly toward the flavor of sweet salsa and heat  the mountains repose under divine pressure  she holds him with her delicate face and the intensity of his being is soothed   
i hate it when i don't get my way because of other stupid fucking people  i'm gunna beat somebody's fucking face in right now  any volunteers?
uhhh im horny
too legit  too legit to quit 
"tonka trucks and fifty bucks  this man is a boy in a land where no man can understand   me  or my anything  so i get on my knees and take it   faking it like a pair of double d's on an anorexic, dripping with make up, empty ass a hole, cares for nothing   hollywood bitch  i stand out but i don't  i am a beautiful body you see worth fufty bucks   for a night  i don't want to fight for love anymore  it doesn't exist "
our lovely ladies whacked the caretaker
i'm gunna fuck your face with a sledgehammer biiiiiaaaatch
"love love love love love looooooooove!! <propfirst> <propmale>'s \butterflies\"" dances into my ears and makes me so happy hehehehe"""
i''m too sexxxxay for candaaaay
i can't get no satisfaction
"i believe i can fly, do you?"
"i don't know what planet your on, but i wannabe on it with you!!!"
dancin in the livingroom to <propfirst> brown's payback in my motha fuckin sexy underwear  product of insatiable happiness and hyperactivity weeeeeeeeya!! hooooo! shake it babuh!! hit meh!! hooooooehhoooooooooooo!!!
   boys suck   a lot   
"i hate winter weather, come back summer nights i miss you!!!"
omg i love having the day off and listening to the spaniels in the morning
"my favorite part of this holiday is watching someone fist\ rape the plucked, pale, busted asshole of an unfortunate bird with \stuffing   then he rubbing of oil all over it with bare hands, that is so \hot  i wish someone would do that to me hahahahaha"
anyone wanna support my goal and buy me a stripper pole?
i got a new phoooone yaaaaaay holy fuckin shiiiiit
so ive never actually watched hentai porn  until last night  it's surprisingly arousng ahaha who else likes it? hehe
i am <propfirst>  cause shes a forever young and hot rebellious and firey redhead  plus she gave up everything she knew to seek the forbidden unknown and risk her life to love a guy   i've done that haha
climbing mountains makes my souls happy
so what would you think if i dissapeared for a year or so to live in the woods?
i want something but i won't tell you what it is
"i hate it when i get hyper as fuck and have fantastically fun ideas, but nobody wants to join me  annoyed "
   woah  so jaq and i are looking for new places to live asap  this could be stressful but it must be done   
for my wife jaq: i love you and i miss you even though your only at work and i cant wait til you come home mwah mwah mwah mwah!!!! arrrrrrg!!!! hehehehehe!!!! xoxoxoxo
moved into the new place successfully 100pts for me 5000pts for <propmale>  mission accomplished yaaaaaaayyyy
xmas with new friends kicks ass!!
i need a hero =p
duuuuude this weather sux balllllllllls i hate it   fuck cold rain!!!!!!!!!
"picture this: a man child  shirtless  sweaty pancake titties  *hurl   stay with me, he's the perfect subject for ridicule  the one you cannot forget  hargett "
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger  what do you think about that?
my leg fucking hurts
whens the last time you spent the day watching porn and pleasuring yourself?
human life is hard  i wish i was just a cat 
i just saw <propfirst> crocker's <propmale>  i feel strange   
the world be mad crazy  i think thats all i know for sure    ya
so i feel like maybe i should drastically change my hair   any suggestions opinions? anyone care hahahaha
shit  i need a new room mate or i gotta move  ballox    
"vicodin how i love thee  my white night in shining armor  thank you my strong white savior, i am yours to come into hard  make me float away, mmm   "
christyle
life is pain  but im sure ill survive 
"i love venice   and hippies and beingness lol\sometimes good days just happen"
"i hate hate hate men that drive like fuckin pussies! god damn gas pumping, late breaking, blinker overusing, to scared to make a u turn fuckin pussy! ahhhaarrg!"
some people just fill your cup  wink 
"so my birthday was an amazing surprise, and i got the best gifts ever and i'm toally rejuvenated and filled with love and happiness! ooh la la hehe"
nothin like a mohawk to make you feel hardcore i dig it 
"so dinner tonight was fun, check out my dirty panda   "
"holy shiiiit, i mean penis  i mean fuck the destination, its unknown  enjoy the riiiide "
ordinary couples are irritating  because thier bullshit  just saying 
who thinks i should get a tattoo on my head? any suggestions? lol
