ab7d0b5a2c2585368113d395994f3bc9
oh    the irony of the madness behind the eyes of the true woman    
soooo d d    you met shawn    what you think? heh    you still owe me a sock! i totaly grabbed the bottem of your skirt (while running with one shoe on cause you stole my other one! guh!)
ohhh! goin to see 9 wit my baby! yah! miss him!
what anight for a dance nd you know that i am a dancing machine  with the fire in my bone and the sweet taste of kerosene  i get so high in the night that i dont wanna come down to face the lost of te good thing tht i have found    even though it was me who dove us into the ground  ~sigh~ drunken nights  fuckin <propfemale> to establish dominance almost destroyed what we have  fuck!
oh    fuck! i hate reporting for parole    i wanna be back in pontiac back under shawns truck workin on it with him like i have been for the <propfirst> few days! (stupid transfercase is still leaking    driver side is twisted    lmao! ahh! good times four weeling!  playful 
my babe got his new truck! yah! four-weelin here we come! oh yeah!
if i wasnt married to the street    itd be you    ask around  everybody knows that your mine 
"wow    fuck  thats all i can reallt say    oh, and   i look good in stripes? right the fuck on!  playful  misss ya girlie!"
bla     gonna be sad for a while    prolly gonna isolate  oh poo!
~sigh~ thoughts of madness cross my mind  and who knows what the madness means? gatta controle thedesire    lonloyness sux 
~sigh~ thoughts of madness cross my mind  and who knows what the madness means? gatta controle thedesire    lonloyness sux    ugh! im sickly! in need of cuddles and hugs    anyone?
"oh fuck    woke up this morning    blood all over my room, and me  my yahoo im was blowin up, wtf happended last night? all i remember is goin to the bar with <propfirst>, bottle and a half of whiskey    oh! feelin good with my whiskey hangover  *confused*"
ugh    trin to get the desre to clean my room  parole tomoro    and maybe a new hair cut and color? hopefully!
"off to the wonderful world of parole    got my music, my book, (no dork, i didnt finish it,) no knives though  had to take those off me  seems that they frown on me having them  weird  ~shrug~ im dressed in my comphy baggy cloths  so maybe no one will hit on me? cause then i wont have to punch them  then get yelled at for doin so    oh poo! feel better d d ! dont worry!"
"the bass, the rock, the mic, the treble, i like my coffee black just like my metal!"
should i talk slower like youre a retard!? should i talk slower lke youre retarded!?    get it? get it? get it? you just dont get it! get it? get it? get it? stupid mutha fucker!
the bitches love me cause they know i can rock  the bitches love me cause they know that i can fuck 
we cannot even begine to understand the wrong that has been done  the judgement has passes  we are with out a soul  oh what shall we do? ~laughs sinisterly~    ~bite~?
numb  completly numb 
"after taking every detore, getting lost and loosig track, so that even i i wated to, i could not find my way back  after driving out the memories of the way things might have been  afte i have forgotten all about us, the song remembers when "
"we were young and we were in love, i guess somethingmust have happended, and we must have said goodby, and my heart must have broken, though i cant recall just why, the song remebers when "
"now for all the <propmale> between us, and all the time that has passed, <propfemale> would think i havent gotten very far  and i hope my hasty heart, will forgive me just this one, if i stop to wonder how on earth you have been  thesong remebers when"
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind, ive seen night's full of pain, days of the same you keep the sunshine, save me the rain, i search but never find, hurt but never cry "
so ima pick the world up and ima drop it on your fucking head!
"hed still say \i love you if i asked\"" but he never volenteers """
oh     you hate me? boo fucking hoo! get the fuck over it  i eat people like you for morning snacks    so fuck off and grow up 
eeeep! <propfirst> is home for a few days! oh    i missed him!
"i guess the world dont stop, for my broken heart "
"im slightly nerotic, completely phsycotic  embrace it, love it  fear it "
"~sigh~ it just dosent change dose it? you think you can forget, but the songs wont let you "
"well when i called her evil, she just laughed  well cast that spell on me, boo bitch craft!"
becasue i just love feeling sick every day    i think ima go to sleep so i can wake up and be sick again  joy  ~rolls eyes~ seems fresh air helps tho    i kinda wanna go fishing!  laugh 
your smiling that smile that you get when your nervoise  like youre not quite sure what to do  but this is me your talking to 
"rejected from day one  my <propfemale>e is bastard son  ive been damned so many times that ive lost count  blue callor working <propfemale>, devises master plan  bi-polor with a side arm  im sick and im twisted  you cant fix me  dont make me, cause ill do it, red button and we'll all go: into the river below! running from the inferno, youll think im insane  but youll all know my <propfemale>e "
ugh    bein prego is not how i planned on spending my summer  oh joy! damn saggitarius this babes gonna be!
"dreams move on, if you wait to long    all i keep thinking is that it could have been me, standing there with you    "
"pretty girl is suffering while he confesses everything  pretty soon shell figure out what his intentions were about  and that what you get for falling again you can never get him out of your head  its the way that he makes you feel  its the way that he kisses you, its the way he makes you fall in love "
battle of the bands was awsome    after that    not so much! lmao! go hayloft!
i thought we decided to not fall in love? that we would be forced to live a lie? and that it would destroy our lives?
"\you cannot bounce balls in here \"""""
"sometimes, things can slap you right in the face when you least e playful ect them to  and its right then that you think, no you know, that you will be ok  that no matter what happens, no matter the pain you may be in, you will be ok  and that its ok the let the other go  for only then can you be really happy "
"\baby why you callin me so late? its kinda hard to talk right now    \"""""
"uh uh! im watchin supernaural right? tell me why the devil says to <propfirst>, \a fiddle of gold against your soul to thinks im better than you!\"" seriosly? hellz yah!"""
"and that way he looked at her  that focused stare, filled with possesion, as if he knew that she wanted him despite every sick thing he had done  so damned smug, knowing it would take one move on his part, crushing her mouth under his, knowing she longed to go up on her toes and fasten her mouth to his and she would melt into him, give herself away alll over again "
'cause i'm not coming back i'm closing the door  i used to be trippin' over missin' you but i'm not any more  i got the picture phone but baby your picture's gone  couldn't stand to see your smile every time you dialed
keep you're boots    i'll take a boi in <propmale> taylors over anyone anyday! mmmm!
ugh! im filthy! stupid maintnece on gross houses! all dirty and grundgy! glad to be home tho! showa time!
"ugh    long ass fucking day at work    im so friggen tired, and i dont think bein prego and in the sun all day is a good idea! blech! another long day tomoro! i need a back rub    seriosly!"
"so, i love my afternoon eairly evening naps      playful  now im ready to take on the world! not gonna worry about getting kicked outta class till    well, till i get the letter for a meeting with the edministraitor! lmao!"
"well, off to <propmale> oak for some much needed time out of the house  i was gonna go    then wasnt, and now i am  heh  joy  but i need it, i really need to get out of the house for a while  erm    talking to <propfirst> while waitin for friends to pick me up!  playful  but im out!"
"yeah for <propmale> potter and the goblet of fire, snuggling with soulbum my kitteh, and nice comphy blankets after a long days hard work  heh oh wait! i have all three! whoohoo! snuggles and <propmale> and blankets aglore!  playful "
im going to crawl into my rock now  please dont bother  k    thanx by!
sem per fi   hoorah!
heading to ferndale for pre-pride fest party at club 9    whoohoo! then pride fest tomoro! oh yeah!
"pride fest was awsome    wet    but awsome  saw a couple peeps i hadnt seen in a while  got some fun pics, went dancing  all good fun!"
"you know what i want? and i never thought i would say this, but i want a real date  the nice clothes on both people, a movie, then to <propmale> oak for dancing and dinner, then a nice walk  bla    to bad tha will never happen tho  heh! might have met an interesting person tho    playful "
whoohoo! <propmale> out with brother and got married yesterday!  playful 
"blech    feel kinda crappy  didnt get to see my friend  his tire went flat on his bike  ~shrug~ the end of this week and weekend  is going to be hectic  not really lookin fowarwards to it  kinda am    meh  itll prolly seem like im dissapearing, and in a way i am  come thursnight, dont be offended if i dont answer    lmao!"
"im having a girl, now me and <propfirst> are arguing over names  i want something exotic    he wants    not exotic  ~sigh~ anywho, any ideas on some names?"
yah for coffe at like 830 am    so now im all bubbly and awake  had to go to the party store to get milk    woot woot <propfirst>! but the cereal was icky  so now raman noodles    then more cleaning of my room! ooogggity boooogggity boo!
"so yah    prolly shold not have had my web cam set on motion detection, specially <propfemale> im only half dressed dancing (horribly) to music    eeeep!"
"a furore infra, libera nos "
"so    ended up in the hospital today cause i was havin minor contractions  joy o joy  silly girl, your only five months old, too soon to come out and desroy the world  aha!"
"im sorry for the demon ive become  you should be sorry for the angel that you are not  i apoligize for the cruel thing that i did  but i dont regret one single word i said  so just walk away, make it eaisy on yourself, just walk away please release me from this hell  just walk away, theres just nothing left to feel, just walk away, pretend that none of this is real "
"baby shower, september 25th at 3pm, those who would like to atten, please send me your address so i can mail you an invetation  and yes, males will be attending  i am registered at babie r us, and target (thank you <propfemale> blomquist, you rock my skull sox off!) so yeah    help a motha out!"
i dont give a damn about my bad reputation  so neither should you 
i just had the most ineresting longest convo i have had in a long time that i ahve had with anyone  thank you <propmale> berden!
"where have all the country bois con? country music listen, truck drivin, cigarret smoken, scrap haulin, good lookin, down home country bois? send em my way! ~sniff sniff~"
"you used to captivate me by your resonating light, now, i'm bound by the life you left behind, your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams, your voice it chased away all the sanity in me "
"she aint into wine and roses, beer just makes her turn up her nose, and she cant stand the thought of shipping champange "
im going to go play with knives and razor blades now  anyone care to join? just dont bring your boyfriends or girlfriends! no fun then!
"\i didnt know you rode the bus \"" \""i use to drive home while drunk  but some mothers got m a d d \"""""
"so ive felt rotten the past couplda days right? headace from hell  so i drank some pepsie a couple hours ago    headace gone! yah! but now im wide awake full of    something  not quite energy, but something! lmao! so <propfemale> the vampire slayer fest! woot woot!"
"stupid glucose test! i took one this mornign for my ob gny appt, they said i might have to take more test tomoro, so im stuck at home, then i get home, around 1000amish, and passed out till 230pmiah  they sais i might ferel sleepy but they didnt tell me i would crash and wake up with a head ache!"
"\you see this? n   y   p   d    means i will knock your punkass down!\""----who knows there movie quotes?"""
quize    how many of the orriginal nine of the fellowship of the ring die in the first movie?
"yah! lotf ttt is on! woot woot! dork time! \you    shall not    pass!\"""""
"yah! lotr ttt is on! woot woot! dork time! \you    shall not    pass!\"""""
mccluster    94 yards! damn that boi can move! i aint seen anyone move that quick in a long ass time!
had the weirdest    damness most erotc dream that i have had in along time last night  glad im not a guy! lmao!
i think im going to go curl up and try to sleep the day away  maybe this time i shall succeed! i got woke up at like 630pm last night  wasnt happy! lmao! so night!
"both needing something from each other, not knowing yet what might be  till she came to me one eaving, hot cup off coffe and a smile  in a dress that i was certain, she hadnt worn in quite awhile  there was a difference in her laughter  there was a softness in her eyes  and on the air there was a hunger, even a boi could reconize "
"so, im pretty sure im crazy? possibly insane  deff phsycotic  anyone want to be friends!  laugh  i love myself!"
<propfirst> berry-standing on the edge of goodbye 
"i guess when love gose wrong, you gatta learn to be strong    oh its hard to tell him no, when i want him so bad  but ive got to be true to my heart, this time  im not looking for a fantasy, i want a man who stands beside me "
"according to you i'm boring i'm moody you can't take me any place i'm the girl with the worst attention span you're the boy who puts up with it  but according to him i'm beautiful incredible he can't get me out of his head  i'm funny irresistible everything he ever wanted  everything is opposite, i don't feel like stopping it, so baby tell me what i got to lose  he's into me for everything i'm not, according to you "
back when the days were old and the night cold and condoms werent invented  wrap a sock on your cock and babies were prevented!
"i dont know where im going, but i sure know where ive been, hanging on the promises of the songs of yesterday, and ive made up my mind, i aint waisting no more time  here i go again    tho i keep searching for the answer  i never seem to find what im looking for     "
ladies love country bois!
"you have no right to ask me how i feel  you have no right to speak to me so kind  you have no right to say you love me  someday i might find myself looking into your eyes, and e playful ressing how i feel  but right now, i have no right  love leads to isolation "
"do you leave the warrior who you love and have a family with, but who dosnt love you, do you leave them for the <propmale> who dose love you?"
"so, today is the first official day of me being crazy!"
"so, i just got informed that murder is no longer illegal in michigan! yes!  laugh "
my my my    sammie winchester    how you have grown up! mmmmmm!
nothin like sittin up for hours on end wit a few country boi friends listen to country music  gatta luv them country bois! haha! yah for oxford!
"there is madness afoot here in this silli town! the weekend away from home in oxford was nice, but now i miss my kitties and my own bed    lmao  so i think ima head home relitivly soon here    bla    bck is killin me!"
pretty kool movie the new the karati kid movie  wee bit diff then the others    but still good nevertheless! now watchin hot rod    i kno weird people!
"i remember <propfemale> all the games began i remember every little lie, n every last goodby  promis u broke, words u choked on n i never walked away  its still a mystery 2me  well im so empty, im better off w u    "
"whats was i suppose to do? standing there lookin at you? lonly boi so far from home    maybe it was memphis, maybe it was summer summer nights, maybe it was you, maybe it was me, but it shur felt right!"
"if you're coming with me you need nerves of steel 'cause i take corners on two wheels  it's a never-ending circus ride, the faint of heart need not apply    i go where the wind blows, you cant tame a wild rose    here in the firlights i see your tattoo   mi <propfemale> loca, so your crazy to!?"
the bitches love me cause they know that i can rock  the bitches love me cause they know i can ryme  the bitches love me cause they know that i can fuck    
"so, i got asked out on a date for tonight    sweetest day night  umm    really?"
illusion should never become substance 
"you have no right to ask me how i feel  you have no right to speak to me so kind  you have no right to say you love me  someday i might find myself looking into your eyes, and e playful ressing how i feel  but right now, i have no right  love leads to isolation "
"for some reason i feel miserable today  acually, have been feelin it for the past few days  ugh  cant shaek this feelin  weird dreams have been makein me think weird things about people  and im uncertain on what to do with them  i hate people   prolly gonna dissapear for a few days    peace"
"ahhhh! the fist pot off coffe in the morning! slap in the face wake up bitch! or, as its \fondly\"" called by others     \""death \"" wich is prolly why im not aloud to make the coffee in the mornin at there place anymore! aha!"""
"speakin of the devil, look who just walked in, he knows just where to find me, here we go again "
"you have no right to ask me how i feel  you have no right to speak to me so kind  you have no right to say you love me  someday i might find myself looking into your eyes, and e playful ressing how i feel  but right now, i have no right  love leads to isolation "
"this is what i thought,\i thought you'd need me \this is what i thought, \so, think me naive \i promised you a heart you promised to keep \kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep "
"sex  hard, fast, hot, lots of heavy breathing, scratching, biting and strawberry flavored lube  oh yes please!"
"it was summer, and three words were said    "
but dont ask her on a straight <propfemale> night  she'll start thinking about him then she's ready to fight  blames her broken heart on every man in sight    on a straight <propfemale> night    
some people    just need to bleed to feel  even if its only a wee bit  even if its only one slash instead of five    that means there gettin better right? aha!
my has happy birthday this monday    at least    my hopes to!  playful  puppy!
gonna go curl up with my kitty    miserable 
"everyone, please just leave me alone  stop callin and stop texting  i dont want to talk to anyone  i just want to be left alone  please "
"need a hot shower, back rub n some seriose cuddles  bla    i feel miserable    ugh!"
"just open your eyes, youll see that life is beautiful! do you swear on your life, that no one will cry, at my funiral     !"
cowboy take me away    fly this girl as high as u can into the wild blue    
"dim the lights, lock the doors, spread your pictures on the floor  blow the dust of out past  let it all come flooding back  cause it aint eaisy being strong, when i cant forget your gone  so i just surrender, and have myself a night to remeber "
"i may be the <propfemale> of broken hearts, but i dont hide behind the crown    "
"\there is no good or evil  there is only power  and those to week to seek it \"""""
"we are not created equal, but the place that we are least equal is the heart  you can work at talent-take lessons, but love? love either works or it dont  you either love someone or you dont  you cant change it  you cant undo it "
"friggen 530am wake up to alarm on fone  hit snooze  gose off again five mins later  roll over to wake him up  roll outta bed to start the coffee and take grr out, make snadwiches, walk him to door  say goodby  stumble back to bed only to have get back yp at 900am    fml!"
"aint nothin better than curlin up wit a puppy who got a bath a few hours ago so he smells good, n takin a nap!"
grr puppy has the right idea    nap! aha  then home    joy oh joy 
"~sigh~ sux wakin up at 430 am bc other peopel cant sleep! then finaly rollin back over n goin back to sleep only to be woken up at 500am by a wet grr puppy nose! well, that part was ok! then out of the house by 7am, to finally get to my home    laundry and sleeeeeeeeep! bla    "
"not in the best of moods  ignoring everyone n evything  yes, this includes you  have a nice fuckin life ass hole "
yeah! (thats a sarcastic yeah btw    ) i have a doc appt at 1045 in the sodden morning  then fourweelin on thankgiveng! yeah! (that was a happy yeah!) cant wait! havent been fourweelin since    last year  eesh 
didnt go fourweelin    spent day wit grr puppy  now waitin for <propmale> potter n the deathly hallows to start! bout damn time i saw it!
just gonna stand there n watch me burn but its all right cause i like the way it hurts  jus gonna stand there n hear me cry but its all right cause i like the way u lie 
"fuuuuck    its only 530am and ive been up for an hour already  fuck this, grr puppy can keep his ass in the living room wit <propfirst>  im takin my ass back to sleep  gerah!"
my cat ninja dose not like grr puppy! she is sittin on my lap growling and hissing at him  kinda amusing    not gonna lie 
dose anyone remeber pogs? n slammers? damn    i havent seen them in a long time! i kinda wanna play with them now!
"fuck this mornin wakin up shit  hope isnt born yet, still got bout a week, <propfirst> is out doin donuts    -rolls eyes-    grr is finaly calmed down n cuddled on my bed    so im takin my happy ass back to sleep  peace ya'll    "
"ow    fuckin ow! its 230am, been havin contractions since 800 pm last night  went to hosp    they sent me back home  so now im so uncomfortble    and i cant sleep  fuck!"
well hope is on the way! at hosp    water broke  woot woot!
hope was born on dec 14th  she weighed 7 14lbs  20 inches long and was born at 439 am    
"is a kiss just a kiss if u have been wantin it but never e playful ecting it, then u get it?"
"heller    baby! new baby! cant get out much! dont much wanna either    tho i was thinkin wuld be fun to swoop <propfemale> up n go to necto    then i look over n think \i cant leave my baby!\"" heh    """
gerrrah! nap time wit hope n grr puppy! now    if only grr puppy wuld move over n make sum room for me    grrrrrr!
"she still say i love you if i asked, but she'd never volenteer "
im the perfect girl  then i open my mouth    
i need a night out    a night to jus relax n have fun with no worries n a nice cold <propmale> in my hand  oh    
it is not enough to seduce someone  u need to take there heart also 
is it sad <propfemale> the most intellegent conversation i have had in a long ass time is with my six week old daughter? heh    
bout to go do somethin really stupid    but it makes me happy! whoot whoot! fuck you you fucking fuck! i need more tattoos!
"so    my poor baby hope was up till 3am    had to switch her formula again, so shes constipated  so then she woke up at 445am    waking me up again, then didnt go nback to sleep untill her daddy gave her a kiss    then he had to go to work    yeah for littlesleepies for me! i miss my baby! and im tired     sad  there is a cigar callin my name upstairs tho    "
the ending to a perfect night? dinner then cuddlin with my baby watchin tv in our bed as he falls asleep with our baby sleepin next to us!
chickenfoot come back! youre not a freak! just stupid!
sometimes    people just really fuckin suck    you think things are goin all right   then wham! smack you in the face reality dose    guess you just cant really truelly trust anyone huh?
i just love watchin my man sleep <propfemale> he falls alssp on the couch    such a cuddle <propmale>! he snuggles with my pillow! so cute!
now    i know i need to put her down     but she looks so peacful sleepin on my chest  i just dont wanna put her down! heh    
"happy <propfemale> to yall mutha fuckaz! bout to drink n smoke a few n do some contourouse violence! (i cant spell    its what murf said on boondock saints 2, all saints day!)"
so hope is sleepin on my chest cause her belly hurts so she scrunched up  and grr puppy is jealouse so hes sleepin on my legs pinning them down  and <propfirst> is sleeping on my otherside    i cant move anywhere! gerah!
he kisses me n hope everytime before he leaves! -sigh-
<propfemale>
my hopes has a toofers! yeah! not even four months old yet    jeeze    
