ab6f6fbcdbc9cd47b7aaa19fd0fc6544
is job hunting online    fun right? haha  not 
"is actively looking for a good job online, and thinking bout you all the time "
is beyond glad to get off    but sadly falling asleep sitting up at the computer    can't wait to lay down   
"is wishin everyone a happy new year  im blessed have all i need, my health, a job, my fam, and the love of my life  its gonna be a great 2011 "
"is loving my life wit u in it, and no one will take that from me "
"is at work    working on some new pieces thanks to my new inspirational friend  and thinking of \him\"" wishin he was here instead of at work """
"is trying to be productive, yay me!! but still here i am    on facebook,the procrastinators best friend    thank you fbook "
is entirely too upset bout this power being out  i've been over to my parents house for hours    when will it come back on!!!
"is off work today, so i'm bout to start on soe laundry    be back in a lil bit fb "
"cant wait for tomorrow    shopping!! with my roomies, loving this off day, and only you could make it any better "
"bout to start getting ready for tonight  excited bout seeing my lil bro <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> on this the day of his 23 birthday  (family guy joke) yay!!! excited, and hope to see you later "
has decided that my grandmother is officially crazy and i can only hope its not hereditary  thank goodness i'm alot more like my mom than my dad 
is tired of fighting with this frekin sync to my phne    grr    almost time for new csi: miami and a new drag race!!! so excited 
"says happy st patties day everyone    unless of course its you, then drink makeup instead "
"is bout to head back to the house, gotta work in the a m  i think    but had a good day    it was nice"
"is watchin sum tv, alone, but thinkin bout you again  hmm "
loves to see grown men cry over cars  overhaulin is the shiz  plus im now in love wit the late 60s coronet 
has you on my mind so tough and dont know how to shake it 
had an amazing convo with an amazing and intelligent person  so glad to have met you 
"is still cheesing from last nites convo, cant wait to kick it wit u   wink "
had a remarkable time with one amazing person  i cant believe ho great you are  cant wait til next time 
"is goin to sleep now wit u on my mind, as u have been the past couple days    smh    just amazing"
"is wishing i could be spending time with my \star\"" than washing dishes but hopefully that will happen soon    zacks for sure!"""
"loved hearing ur voice  waking up and going to bed, \star\"" ur amazing """
just got up and does not wanna go to work    but wish i could talk to my <propfemale>    hope ur having a great day at work 
"is up watching the 80's movie follow that bird, where big bird is on a journey back to seaseme street    i love this movie!"
"just finished <propmale> hensen follow that bird, now fraggle rock    anyone jealous! i miss you \star\"""""
"is dressed for work, i guess i'll get there early to get an idea of what the night has instore for me    bye fb!!"
"is thibkin so much for havin a good day    back in \the hole\"" and i miss my roomies """
"want to remind everyone    nobody likes a pushy stripper     lol love \the game\"""""
"is  at work and so ready to go    excited bout goin out wit my \star\"" tonight    its been a whole week    grr damn lack of transportation """
"gives <propmale> <propfirst> a huge congrats for makin yhe next round at zacks  so if u know him, hell if u dont go out naxt thursday and support him!"
does not wanna go to to work
"is at my parents house, glad to be off work and missing my \star\"""""
"just got up    and is now sad    i worked for 5 years to advance to the next round , get the crew excited, now this year    they get it on first try    im sick  but congrats 5937    im still proud"
"has become the favorite childhood toy, that is nice to think of but is useless to u now "
watchin movies alone cuz my roomie is workin tonight  hope she has a great nite 
is tired of my current job    i work for them    then they cut my days and hours    fuk bk   
"is still up and have  little more perspective on my situation, now to talk to the two main parties involved "
"has alot on my plate, my head is spinning at all these decisions i have to make  not enuf tylonal in tha world "
knows ur lovin seein me hurt like this    guess i deserve it    miss u 
"is heartbroken, lost my position, demoted after 6 years, what now??"
"believes that after everything, i deserve a little more respect in handling this situation, am i not worthy of that?"
"has an overactive imagination and a little paranoia  but either way lol at the man who was pulled over walkin 40 between maumelle and mayflower, and he looked upset about it  haha"
"is bout to clock in at work   fmr! but cj, all the steele kids, we still wanna do that tat   lets come up wit an idea! text it if ya got it "
is so ready to get out of bk    i hate this place
is so glad to be leaving work in a minute    had to bs wit my fav rollie pollie mgr  
"i claim this,mouth in name of incisor    i think not    ahh bicuspid, we meet again "
is attempting to fold these clothes and start packing   
just got chills from hearin the roar of the rousch powered 327 stroaker engine on overhaulin on this 63 bronco  beautiful 
doesnt like fb mobile not working 
"is sad the race is over  but thrilled that americas sweetheart is americas next drag superstar, <propfemale> \the other <propfemale>\"" sanchez """
just finished requiem for a dream  takin a nap then startin again in tha morning 
has got a bad case of tha sleepies at work  ugh  ready for tha move to be over 
is home  tryin to pack  key word trying 
is  up bein productive  im gonna sleep forever sunday 
"wonders if ur an organ donor and u got a heart of gold, do they sell it on the black market and will my fam get a cut??"
is in awe of the midnite blue 2010 lotus i just saw zoom down the blvd  my heart just skipped a beat 
really thinks that racoons are taking over the planet 
is lovin this rain  im finna pass the hell out 
is up for tha day    i think 
"\am i wearing lipstick?\"" thats for u kass!!"""
lookin thru super old pics wit my mom  i was such a cute lil girl  what happened?
is on my way in to work to get sum hrs cuz these hrs this wk are awful 
is off work from a not so terrible night  oh well to sleep i go!!
"is in need of a cigarette and fear i too have lost them, but i am hoping to find them before i break down and smoke this <propfemale> slim lights   eewwww, they not even menthol "
anyone else thinks <propmale> <propmale> looks funny shaved and <propfirst> sloan hasnt changed since like '94??
"can't believe its all real, maybe it wasn't  side note: i think its funny that i'm nice, but i make no difference, and others that aren't nice at all still matter    very strange   oh well off to get ready for work on this day off "
is at work on break ready to get off and go home and clean  yay!
"looks around bk and realizes, we not at sonic anymore toto   all the love and appreciation doesnt live here "
is headed off to take a nap    be back in a couple hrs fb   
"is up watchin the gilmore girls, washing clothes, and bout to start cleaning out stuff "
is updating my status simply on the basis that my boss has asked me to stay of fb   impossible  like askin me not to breathe   duece loves ya 
"is in the lobby at work not prepared for this shit tonight, time for a cigarette and a prayer  all those drinkin today, please take a shot for me "
goin to music mode  in case of emergency call tha job phone 
"hates to smoke this stale cigarette, but i have no choice its a necessity rite now "
"says hey cookie monster, ur my <propfemale> butter!"
is off today    time to be productive then off to see sumone special later on    text it fb 
wasnt very productive today  ugh    but it was nice to be off work 
had an amazing nite  off to bed 
"is in a state of happiness and confusion, but hope to see it work out for tha best"
is up watching stomp the yard and have alot on my mind 
thinks brittanika is an encyclopedia not a name 
says only in tha dhs office in little rock can see sumone waiting to be called and be rolling up a joint roll up cigarette 
"alot of people get lost in the 60s, and they still dont realize it "
is goin into music mode fb fam    get at yall on break or after work  dueces 
"just heard s o s playin in the lobby and that lifted my spirits, it really took me back cuz that was my jam "
knew i should have walked home  my sincerest heartfelt apologies to my manager 
loves my 7s  one day we will conquer 21 till then just practice the 14  lol    insider   
"bput to go to work    ugh    but tonight should be a good nite, charlies angels will be in tha building, and one weird machanic    haha"
wants to applaud the man up the street who is in a wheelchair and pushing the lawnmower  thats talent 
is sittin at burger <propmale> tryin not to fall asleep thats why i have played all my games and even sum new ones   ugh    i'm sleeping all day tomorrow till i have to be at work 
copper boom!!
is extra drove  gotta get together so i can get out and get better 
"thinks its funny that my dad is cussing at the call of duty game, but whispering as so they enemy cant hear him  lol "
is watchin csi:miami  missin u  4 22 10 
"csi:miami was great 2nite  i never did like stedler, knew he was dirty from jump \\n*in it 4 tha last time 4 22 10*"
is at a loss    but very greatful to my bestie kj! never thought id see the day baby <propmale> would be nice  ugh    one thing after another    not for long 
it is definately whatthefuk wednesday  cuz them new lifers just ran thru me 
"i never liked u <propmale>  well there it is, there it is  well there it is, then there it is again   "
is now laughing at my mom talking on the phone to a woman named <propfemale>    hmmm
"cant believe what i just heard    i mean really?? goin into music mode    be back later, much later "
must be goin thru sumthin if <propfemale> montana can touch me and make me all <propfemale> eyed 
this beer is makin me sleepy 
"is getting settled into bed watching rent on broadway and if u were here \ill cover you\"""""
csi miami season finale on now  see u in an hr fb fam 
was just outsmarted by a 3 <propfemale> kroger micro pizza    how pathetic 
will touch down in salt lake in exactly 1 month!!!! omg so excited!! i hope you kids are ready!!!
is up and at it early today    but off tomorrow and excited bout it
just got home from a bad ass 20hrs spent at my place of employment    this day off is gonna be great
"is not ur friend, not a \hugger\""    if u need \",ab6f6fbcdbc9cd47b7aaa19fd0fc6544,is at work extra early and can tell imma be extra drove 
is lettin u know if u been tryin to get a hold of me my phone is on music mode for the nite    ill get back to the real world after i clock out of hell 
"just finished girl meets gown, and cant imagine how it would feel to find that one perfect dress and feel top of tha world  sigh    as if "
"is getting ready for work  all orders will be accurate, but sadly speed of service is on vacation!!"
is so ready for vacation i cant see straight  ugh    pissed off  guess im back to square one 
is in hell desguised as a burger <propmale>  jus 21 days left!
is at work    aka hell and left my cigarettes at home    omg!!! shoot me now!!
ya u aint know all 8 yr olds like to steal cars and go on high speed chases 
just cried watchin <propfirst> tutera  i would die to hace a wedding remotely close to that but looks like its tha vegas drive thru gor me 
is outside smokin a cigarette becuz the frekin power is out and i am staying up so i can wake my mommy in an hr    side note    my tounge hurts from my jaw breaker sucker    ya im a big kid 
thinks platinum status mite be possible  ily babily 
is up watchin <propfirst> springer cuz i have a headache outta this world  but dont u look so cute sleeping 
is super hot sittin out here  just 17 days til im chillin in that dry heat in the 801 for ten days! so ready  ily babily 
home from work    finna watch sum criminal minds and chillax 
"\some of the best lessons are learned from past mistakes  the error of the past is the wisdom of the future \"" -<propfirst> turner"""
"been lookin for a job for hrs online, now to get really for tha real one    sigh   "
is home from work finna hit da sheets early cuz im goin to take care of sum personal biz 2maro  txt it    nite fb 
out takin care of biz and ridin wit <propmale> non drivin tail  miss my bae    15 days!!!
gucci mane do u remember me from last month? girl i cant remember nothin but my last blunt 
and <propmale> wit tha 3    that was beautiful 
is sitting in hells parkin lot rite now dying frm tha heat  waiting till i can get like djkj one day  lol 
"is sitting in hells parkin lot, donr wanna go in  wish i was off to spen wit *him* but no work sucks "
"is headed to bed, tryin to figure out whats goin on wit u  feelin a lil uneasy  lata fb"
is mad at everyone at home watchin #boondocks and im here in hell with the spawn of satan himself    ugh 
is mad my dvr is screwed up and it didnt reclrd my frekin boondocks   ugh!
just watched my fair wedding  with <propfirst> tutera   and again im speechless  i absolutely am in love with <propfirst> tutera 
didnt know sellin <propfemale> was so damn dangerous  lol  gotta love boondocks  goin to bed    lata fb 
"is watching criminal minds, counting down til utah  10 days! cant wait "
is bout to head out to take care of business    catch ya lata fb    text it if ya got it 
really enjoyed the new #prettylittleliar tonight  really diggin tha theme song  lifted my spirits after that crappy #celtics game 
is getting dressed and done up to go to this interview    catch ya lata fb 
the torture of a bad conscience is hell of a living soul    <propfirst> <propmale>
"live like ur gonna die tomorrow, and learn like ur gonna live forever  - ghandi"
is really pissed off on so many levels rite now  so plz leave me alone 
is counting down    5 days and 6 hrs ill be sitting on a plane that will take me to utah for 10 glorious days 
"for anyone else watching the pga tourney going on right now   does anyone else have a prob wil <propmale>'s outfit? because my dad is fliping out bout these stripped pants, keeps calling them yankee pants, and baseball pants    first of all he doesn't realize they are cream    smh @ my daddy"
just finished watchin #criminalminds headed to bed as thoughts of serial killers dancing in my heads #kindacreepy but gn tweeps and fbfam
is off work   77 hrs till my plane leaves    omg!!
"is at work, and yet again no break!! come on utah, 56 hrs to go  #worksucks"
"well fbfam, off to work  43 hrs to go  woo hoo  this countdwn for u tw!"
14 more hours to go fb    i'm so ready guys!! i'mma miss my bae    but i'm in desperate need of a vacay!!
just passed thru security    im blind as a bat and ready to sleep on this <propfemale> flight to phoenix
just landed in salt lake and coincidence of a life time come i see <propfemale> knight and her fam  arkansas in utah  wow!
is in traffic on 2100 south    but extra excited   homestead here we come!!!
is settled in at the homestead   hangin wit tha fam   catch ya lata fb  
at tha fam bonfire   havin fun   needin sleep    but im tryna fit in   but not doin well
mornin facebook    just finished breakfast   dont know whats in store for today  
leavin homestead    then headin thru park city then on to grandmas house 
"so coming out of heber our road kill count is as follows: 1fox, 2 deer, 1 moose, and a tire  more updates yet to come "
look   look here with your special eyes  my brand!     i love that commercial
"just got thru eatin    tomorrow ikea!!! i can't wait    loving the time spent here in riverton, orem on thursday! can't wait to see my cuzins!! you girls ready for some serious fun??"
just talked to u for an a couple hrs and now off to bed    and when i wake up  ikea!!! and brutha u sho rite gor not callin mr back   darien   
wishes i had my tsos cd with me because i've been asked alot of questions about my shirt
"is bout to head to the luncheon, then the reception later   but in between  a lil me time with torrid "
"just left the luncheon  it was beautiful  congrats to <propmale> and <propfemale>  <propmale> ive missed the years i spent growing up without you, but im glad i could be here for ur big day  i love you cuz "
"one more day to revolution we will nip it <propmale>, well be ready for these school boys, they will wet themselves with blood"
just got thru shoppin wi my cuzzins! had hella fun i love my snickers cj  dont wanna leave yall 
is ready for goshen     then the races    dont wanna go home    but i gotta    miss my bae
is in goshen #middleofnowhere wit damn near no service  catch u when i hit slc tonite tweeps and fbfam!
is at the races   havin a blast  hell of a way to spend my last nite
well fb fam    im on my way back to arkansas  10 days in my home away from home and dont wanna go back  will update frm pheonix
time for take off  phoenix here i come 
boarding in phoenix    2 and a half hours and ill be back in tha a-state  i miss my mountains 
is back bitches! hello a-state    i miss u utah 
is wondering why my fb sms is so slow    my staus updated 15 <propfemale> ago and i text that update at 5 a m  smh    get it together fb and verizon 
is enjoying my <propmale> potter weekenend on abc family    yay   niv 19 i cant wait
is feeling a notch below worthless and loved 
is off early  yay!
wishes i was invisible so i could be with u in public 
"is off work today at a baby shower, kinda wishin   "
"has a confession fb    im in love wit dr  <propmale> <propmale>    he is amazing, even wit his addiction    lol i know my angels will understand  yall can fight over <propfirst>   but <propmale> is mine "
"normally rain and i have a great relationship, much more together than the other elements, and ehile they say u shouldnt go to bed mad, i am  screw u rain, u have ruined my details of today    shame on u, what did i do to deserve this"
"wants to go back to tha mountains,  cuz i cant handle 78 degrees at 5 in tha damn mornin "
had two interviews in one day for the same job  pray i get this one  if u know me u know i need it 
is watching my brave new voices dvds and am catching chills frm the talented young adults    wish i could see it in person 
is highly offended by cantrell    i mean damn    maumelle we are not this bad    but they act like we botton of tha barrel 
"has been watchin my bravenewvoices dvd, and am in love wit it, but its got me seriously doubting my talent, but just wrote another spoken piece, sigh   maybe ill post it tomorrow, wish we had sum reading spots and poetry groups  if we do i dont know bout them "
"is on my way to hell, work, whatever   jus gotta keep my nerves in check "
"just took a quick swim, but it was boring alone    atlast 4 22 10  love "
"\yall pull up on me like im a gorilla from china\"" -the running man memphis tenn """
"is headed to bed, got my interview 2mro!"
"is on my way to the interview, slightly nervous, but totally confident"
just passed one interview now on to tha next one! final interview?
did it! i got tha job! yay!
"has yet to go to sleep, but am gettin up in a few hrs to begin a new life, after this episode of <propfirst> tutera    i promise "
slept thru all alarms to get  up early to begin my new outlook on life   ugh  well 2mro it is
is getting ready to head to work    sigh    this rain makes me not want to go 
"is feeling hungover   without the drinking    i hope this wont be a consistant thing, cuz it aint tha first time   ugh!"
"is off to work    its wtf wednesday, what ya'll know bout that "
"is off to take care of some business, then hopefully i will have a great weekend!"
thought for a good weekend backfired   sigh 
wonders how in hell do u get ur drivers lisence suspended 52 times?
"not only is she a hoe, but she a hoe who bad at math - gotta love maury!"
"has had a pretty great weekend    one more night of fun, then work tomorrow, and then no more work after that    good riddence bk "
is driwning in three feet of water and no life guard 
just watched the most amazing and touching my fair wedding with <propfirst> tutera  the pirate wedding was beautiful  i wanna meet <propfirst>!!
wonders if anyone else has heard the radio commercail about pickapowder com? does no one see anything wrong wit that??
is highly impressed with the extremely accessible court house in lonoke    well until after the 3rd floor  then ur on ur own 
is takin a quick nap after these 28 hrs ive been up  work at 6  ugh 
"just woke up almost late and zoomed to work  so tired, i see nothin but sleep in my future 2mro"
"is at home    watchin huge    in my feelins missin my brother  he is a huge part of my heart, a source of my strength  but i have to stay strrong and positive for him "
is enjoying this day off  still waiting on this job  ugh  ~stayin strong for jojo~
is afraid to go outside onto her street at night due to the sudden appearance of a rowdy group of armadillos ransacking the neighborhoods lawns 
wishes i was <propfemale> garcia 
bk is full of vocal whores 
is watchin grease 2 bout to go to bed 
is finna smoke this cigarette and hit tha clock once again to finish out such a long nite 
wishes i had u to hold me right now  just a sweet escape 
is so happy to be off work 
not <propfemale> and mars  more like <propfemale> snd a bowl of soup 
is hot as hell but hittin up the big damn bridge   see ya lata fb 
"is going to bed, just watched huge  i love that show  goin to bed after an awful day at work, not wanting to do it again tomorrow  nite fb, not feeling well "
just watched pretty little liars summer finale   shocked   <propfemale> got hit by a car! ahh  i dont know how long i can wait for more  oh well gn fb fam 
is loving the clearance sale at barnes and <propmale>  sigh   i miss coming here
"is on my way to work on this wtf wed  but waiting to findout the gender of my cuzins peanut  hope its a boy, seemd like baby girls are poppin out 2-1 "
is at home off for tha next two days    so ready to start a new life    then maybe i can sleep 
jus pulled up at work    one more day  by 6 pm tomoro ill be thru wit bk  yay!!
"just finished my last shift at burger <propmale>, bout to get ready for 2mro but right now at a loss for words "
hates when <propfemale> agfemme <propmale> makes statuses i need a translator for 
is hella early for orientation   but excited like a kid on tha first day of school!
is doing a terriblejob of staying awake in orientation
"is starting the second part of orientation   zyay!!  code of conduct and evaluation   i need a nap  but on another note im excited about the spiral notebook i got in orientation! ya, im a dork "
is at work on day 3 of training  coffee is my new best friend 
jus got skype mobile   but dont know how to use it becuz i dont have any contacts wit it   meche if u see this    i know u have it  inbox me  or find me on skype
is at tha lake and i think that kid got mono in his eye  i kno the feelin   lol    insider
is gettin ready for work tomorrow    yay!
is at work for week two!
is extra cold    feeling terrible    goin to bed fb fam    hope im better tomoro
ia up after sleeping almost 12 hrs  and not feeling any better
its almost 3    two hrs left  i dont think imma make it
"is echoing the words of drake \im really too young to be feelin this old\"""""
is so ready for this doctors appt   i cant wait    im tired of this pain 
just got back frm the doc where they gave me a shot in my hip ehich hurts like hell   
is getting off work finna go home and prop up cuz my leg starting to hurt again    ugh 
"is layin in bed, leg elevated, thinkin bout my changes to come, and watching milk    a great movie bout an inspiring man "
is at home watchin the wiz! ahh    back to them high school days 
is caught between a rock and a hard place 
wonders if i had done better with my life that u wouldnt be so afraid of me failing 
saw takers last nite    amazing  cast couldnt have been better!!
oh foot of mine   why wont u return to ur normal size
oh <propmale>    i dont understand   
is in class and kinda ready to go
is a little sick of all the code    sounds like a high school classroom    grow tha hell up   
cant remember the last time if ever i was truely happy    whats wrong?? how do i fix it??
doesnt want to hurt u    but how can i be happy wi u if im not happy wit me 
wants thank tha sky for doing all my waterworks for me 
wonders why out of 48 other empty rows why would u sit obe row away directly behind us???
is layin it down    my phone is screwed up so i cabt make or recieve calls    txt only  but not now   now its sleep time   tired from laughin at ppl @ tha riverfront 
jus got home frm seein my jojo    how i mis him   
wishes the man at verizon on mccain hadnt lied to me  they wont ship my frekin phone thill tomorrow night  ugh!!!
is watchin <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world  yay!
is wishin an official happy birthday <propfemale> mzuntouchable <propmale>!! thats from both us angels  luv u girly!
is sick and cant focus! ugh   day hurry and finish up! i wanna go to bed!!!
is off to dreamland    feel like walking death
is sick    in class    ready to go back to bed!!! ugh!! i hate being sick 
wants to tell all my text buddies  dont text until further notice  vzw messed up my pland and jus gave me basic talk   as if i dont text    ugh    so my notifications are off till tomorrow
hates doctor visits
has an appt wit a specialist    sigh   
has a busy weekend comin up    thank goodness im almost over this cold    parkview game tonight!!
at the parkview game vs  sylvan hills  lets go patriots!
well patriot fans thats another touchdown patriots!! score is pv 20 sylvan hills 0 
alrite patriots!! at the half itz pv 27 sh 0  lets go pats!!
and goin into the 4th its 35 to nothin  go pats!
well this was a great nite for patriot football  final score 42-7
is lovin that #85 childs  and this years heisman winner mallet!!! good game hogs  now for the game winnin shot!
knows theres nothin quite like a lil <propfirst> sinatra to put a smile  did u know that??
"ok    so im at tha waffle house and the cook, who is like 75 yrs old, tried to use sum flare cook and flip tha butter knife and couldnt catch it  so sad "
can mess up any beautiful day  why i cant do anything rite??
learned today to never over reach for things u have dropped on the floor if ur chair has wheels    it will roll right from under u  lol 
was just reading sum <propfemale> the pooh quotes and realized that he is very insightful and sweet for a lil ol bear 
is wanting to inform anyone who lives in maumelle do not leave your house!! the bikes are out!! and traffic is bumper to bumper past fuller and son headin to lr 
iz still stuck after watchin that loss y arkansas y??? atleast i know i can count on my utes to win tonite!
just hopped in the drivers seat and i did good  yay me    come on friday!
is thru studying cuz my head hurts  one gilmore girls then to bed  gn fb 
"is studying for acessment 6  at home, fighting sleep, but the phone is goin on music mode kiddos, that means no calls or text till tomorrow  have a better night than me fbfam "
ugh fb    y is today goin so slow!! help fb! im sleepy!
jus got to watch tha new criminal minds    bye jj    we will miss u!! sigh  final tomorrow    goodmight fbfam 
had an a+ day    sigh  i cant wait 
is enjoying the weekend so far  hopin that things keep movin upword 
isnt a real employee
is excited for tomorrow    yay!
is realizing my actual invisibility as stated by kj and 7    fb wont even let me see my profile  my invisibility has gont from work to my personal life    u laugh it up scrappy 
is blowin wit my bae in our new spot
is at work with a headache from these calls already today
is ready to get off work!!
says its saturday boys and girls    its football day! go hogs!! go utes!!!
is cookin once again    anyone see a pattern    and its youtube time  time to listen to my fav poets do they thing
is lovin it  my bae made spaghetti   cant wait until we get to eat 
"cant believe 2mro is the last day of transition  where do we go celebrate as a group?? suggestions for a place to eat, drink, and allow under 21??"
really appreciates everyone in maumelle who was late movin around  made my slow start smoother 
"went to tha fair wit tha bae, and now finna down!!"
is highly amazed by people who are fully funtional befor ten a m 
"is at work, mind wandering about what is going on  glad today is goin by fast for day one out tha nest "
is really missin my jojo    oh brother i miss u  i hope ur well  love u  i want this day to end 
doesnt like 92 3 and 101 1 having the same two songs on the starting lineup 
is just off work and is finna work out before i make dinner 
has scrapped my plan to work out because we dont have a remote to get into the workouts  which has now squashed my motivation to work out    but i think its time to catch up wit on of charlies angels 
messed up and had a cig    it was just much needed after this week 
"just finished cleaning up, chillin on tha front porch waitio on angel #2 who is coming to visit me  yay "
"is already in my pjs and on the couch wit one of my fav movies, bugsy malone  but its over so gn fb "
"jus got thru eatin, havin a beer and finishin madea goes to jail then im goin to bed "
has changed my profile pic cause i miss my brother   long day fb   prolly finna lay ut down  oh ya    boo lakers 
is changing my status again jus for u  oh yeah    boo lakers 
is up ready for work  sigh    one more day 
is up gettimg ready for work  but only 82 hrs til wicked!!!
wishes i had a computer   sigh my pll hunt will have to start tomorrow    but now im of to bed  gn fb 
wants a new phone cuz i cant get on my spark people  sigh   
"is headed to bed, wicked tomorrow  nite fb "
is at wicked    its intermission and its great so far  i miss tha bae wish he could enjoy this with me
"had a fantastic time at wicked last nite  now chillin wit my fam for my brothers 17th bday  miss my bae, wish he could be here  love u bae  happy birthday bro!!"
"is a little bored     i just don't know what to do  i'm cold, and have no one to talk to  sigh   "
wishes my usually artistic but overly wild immagination didnt push my thoughts into overdrive and make me question what i love  but not anymore 
oy with the poodles already!
"cannot sleep, ive been forgotten about  i love u bae  back to sleep attempt fb fam, gn "
loves when my horoscope reminds me of sum of my goals and to dos that i tend to forget  4-22-10 
"loves my bae for everything he does, and im so excited to do a final move in this weekend  hes tha best "
"well my week is over, tomorrow starts move in, and i cant wait  nite fb fam "
is actually nauseated by this game  what the hell wynn? idk what to say 
is up trying to get ready for work but its hard cuz i feel terrible 
is feeling lost by all this question and answer  sigh lunch time    wish it were time to hit end duty 
so i am late but i just found out what the q and a was about    but ill take questions if any one cares to ask    if u know me u know im alwas last for anything  
says commas are the whores of the puntuation world 
is spendin a nite away from my bae    and i wish i was layin wit him now  love you bae 
is watching tha game and apparently being invisible    sigh 
overtime??? it shouldnt have come down to this  but lets go hogs!
is headed to bed fb  feelin great layin wit my bae  nite fbfam!
is ready for both these games today  lets go hogs! beat those tigers! and knowin my utes are gonna kill them cougars!
has had both my teams win arkansas killed tha tigers and those utes barely beat them cougars 
wishes i was at home layed up wit my bae instead of bein stuck at work  sigh    damn there no being any day of time left 
is home from work and it has been a long day  lata fb 
"is headin to bed, not in tha best mood  nite fb"
"just got thru watchin hook, one of my fav childhood movies, now finna clean up a little and fibsh enjoying my off day "
im gettin in on this one    send me a number to my inbox that represents you and ill update my status wit my opinion of you 
#18    ur an amazing poet and woman
#22 u have really grown up alot    wish u still lived down here with us  miss u <propmale> 
"#2006 ur a real friend, my true homie    the thug i wish i was lol   a third of charlies angels, we gotta <propfemale> and go see our jojo "
"3 25- ur tha cobbler maker what can i say, you made high school bareable "
wants a hippoptamus for christmas 
is mad someone broke my mem card for my game
is lost rite now  i miss you 
just took alot of tylonal pm just  so i can try and get a little sleep tonite missin the love of my life 
"is trying so hard to sleep unsuccessfully  listenin to sum music #nowplaying- avant missing you  love u bae, missin u "
wishes the county would hurry tha hell up  it dont take that long to process people out?!
is so happy my baby is home   nevaknownlovelikethis
woke
"woke up next to my baby this morning, life couldnt be better, he home, we healthy and happy  its gonna be a great christmas  ~nevaknewlovelikethis~"
did not wanna go to work  wanted another day at home wit my bae  #nowplaying- unthinkable
is layin it down cuz its been a long day    ugh tha crazy calls   but i love to watch u sleep  nite fb 
is cold and finna lay down wit my baby so we can get warm  nite fb 
is home for a little today and can spend some q t  wit my bae 
"is bein tha spotter on call of duty, becuz i could never be the actual player  t-n-t forever  nite fb "
cant imagine my world without you 
has feelings for u that i cant discribe  can u help me find those words?
"gets to spend new years with you, and thats enuf for me "
"is ready for this weekend    wonder why  but still lovin my bae, takin it one day at a time "
is ready to go home 
"will try till i die, i promise that "
wishes this woman would come on and finish this call  i wanna go home 
is at home watching big bang theory  hehehe  can't wait to fall asleep in his arms 
on my way to work  #nowplaying- bag lady erykah bash 
"is at work, stuck on hold for tech, wish i didn't have to turn this phone in  #nowplaying-  i love you by dru hill "
"just walked outside and saw one of the c\earest skies in a long time, saw orions belt and wishes i cou\d be among the stars "
wants to thank everyone who has shown me love on my birthday  now im snowed in and finna spend tha rest of my day doin laundry 
has changed plans due to the large amount of snow on my car  what a birthday 
is officially 25! happy birthday to me!
"loves u beyond imagination, but is there a thought directed my way of the same substance and at the same magnitude?"
"is at work ready to go, missing my bae, #nowplaying genuwine- so anxious "
is back at it    wanna go home to my bae #nowplaying 112- anywhere 
is at work wishin i could go home and be back warm wit my bae 
has an unusual addiction to pepperoni  maybe i should do an intervention 
is cookin chicken for the love of my life  i only hope he knows how much  miss the angels  letters in the mail 2mro  promise 
is enjoyin my day off  later on movie wit my bae  4 22 10 til forever 
is having the same day as everyone else so    fml!!
"is listenin to pandora slow jams, chillin in tha bed wondering what the weather is gonna do tomorrow  wishin i could feel ir arms around me  later fb "
"is debating on sleep right now because <propfirst> rock is makin me spit soda im laughin so hard  ugh   work tomorrow, and if i hear anotha thing bout this iphone imma scream  gn fb  4 22 10  love "
is sitting down watching season 3 episode 1  not quite the same without the angels  but excited bout this season 
is dying my hair then off to bed in hopes of a better day 
cannot sleep  where the hell are those sheep when u need them 
"is watching criminal minds then off to bed, gotta work tomorrow "
"just finished cooking spaghetti and eating  it was great if i say so myself  watchin twister and headed to bed, not feelin well "
is thrilled to go home and activate my new phone and get out this damn chocolate touch 
loves my new phone    so im up to date finally fb  yay me 
is ready to go to bed  goodnite fb!
is up and at it today    hello    good mornin   
"is playin with my new phone    so if i know u like that and u know i have ur number reply to this or text me some ideas for ringtones u want, skies the limit wit my droid "
knows that droid really does 
"is headed to bed, dreading going to work tomorrow  goodnight fb "
was here early but will now be late waiting on this slow ass woman for my temp badge    come the hell on 
wishes today could start over and not be the worst day ive had in a while 
knows its sad when the best part of ur day is ur parking space
cannot believe this call volume    thing one: are you here enduring the insanity as well?
still has almost 5 hors left and am biding my time listening to <propfirst> sondhiem    gotta love it
listening to losing my mind from follies  love this song 
is off to bed fb    another long day tomorrow    gn fb
is at work despite weather    hopin we go home early
loves that the snow looks so fluffy
"loves listening to crooners like ol blue eyes and <propmale> conick jr on snowy cold days, they make me wam inside when im not with my bae "
is at home catching up on some dvr becuz back to work tomorrow with overtime to make up for missing tonight  more tomorrow fb 
wishes i didn't have  to work this morning  just wanna last up with my bae 
just wants to go to sleep in this comfy chair
so 4 o clock is like my two <propfemale> warning in football  helping me get my game up so i can get the hell outta here as soon as possible
is off work  going home and goin to bed
is at my parents house for super bowl and my dads birthday 
and we have kick off   
was very tickled by that doritos commercial
"just put in one load of clothes when the second load goes in, i hop in tha shower, but until then big bang theory  bazinga!"
is chillin at tha house just needing a relaxing evening with my baby 
is leaving work due to inclimate weather  but why did u make me drive here for an hour and a half 
"is spening quality time with my dvr, gotta play catch-up  game done, pll done, workin on rupaul's drag race  then three gilmore girls  yay "
is staying home again! thanks snow
do you like apples? well i got her number    how do you like them apples?
"is in slow jam mode, at work til 10 and feeling a little distant    only you can bring me back   "
it dont mean a thing if it aint got that swing    gotta love <propmale> torme!
#nowplaying happily ever after by case    sounds like a first dance song  love u bae 
wishes it was a way to pull your dreams into reality just as they are when u sleep   
still has two hours left til i get off and can go home and go to bed  right now sitting in the car trying to get some more juice on my phone  #cold
hates feeling sick
"still feels like crap  i want to go home, not feeling this work thing today "
"doesn't even feel like i'm at work, like i'm just sitting here but not really  here"
is in serious need of a nap
is ready to go    10 <propfemale> left   
"had a crazy weekend    now am at work, listening to wicked and ready to go    "
has an hour and a half then home to wash clothes    yay 
but yay for ppl coming on tonight
does not want to be here
"is in need of a serious vacay  slc, 3 months and counting"
listenin to a lil pandora radio and ready to go
"lets go fly a kite   up to the highest height,lets go    fly a kite"
"chim-chimeny chim-chimeny chim-chim-cha roo, i <propfirst> what i likes, and i l likes what i <propfirst> "
whats a motto? nuttin    whats'a motto wit you? lol    hakuna matata 
"was at work am now at home and didnt feel not one quake, tremor, shake, or any earth movement  where do u have to live to feel it"
"is at work, outside on lunch break and its a little chilly   par for the course i guess    3 more months but will i make it? i hope so "
cant believe tomorrow is friday    i cant wait til monday to be off again
is goin crazy     tonight is goin by so slow  i just wanna go to bed 
copper boom!!!
is a failure as a rep 
"is enjoying the sound of rain, watchin chicago jus waitin til 4 when my bae gets off "
"says if x annoyed ame, that guy is 4x  gotta love everybody loves <propfirst> "
"is marking my calendar for july 15, anyone else? i'm even prolly gonna take a personal day for that or after for a second go and re-coop "
spent my first night in the new crib and slept like a baby this really feel like a place i can call home
"is watching price is right, and for anyone who has seen it latelu does anyone else think <propfirst> <propfirst> is starting to look like <propfirst> powers?"
