ec029a0ed4d253b031e4354da25937ea
is now officially employed  poverty no more!
just wants you all to know: bag of d's *and* d-bag  know the difference 
"saw \up\""  it was good """
is in all sorts of pain 
"wonders where he goes from here, now that the words are coming out all weird "
"is once again in all sorts of pain  better this time, though "
"has a sprained thumb, one less pint of blood, and a summer full of opportunity!"
"is thinking it's one of those nights where you really want to talk to somebody, so you stare at facebook for hours waiting in vain for them appear "
is as sober as a judge 
spent most of the day napping or relaxing 
"wonders if he goes to sleep now, will all the annoying people be dead by the time he wakes up?"
just noticed that one of his shows from 2 or 3 weeks ago has his new high score for listener-ship  woo 120 downloads!  laugh 
has been playing rock band 2 while tangling himself up in blue 
"has lot of water under the bridge, lot of other stuff too  going to <propfemale> out with faeries for a few days "
knows space is the place 
just beat half-life 2  oh shiiiiiii    
is taken in by the ecstasy of gold
just ate cookies made with real butter and milk chocolate for the first time in over a year  <propfemale> be thy name 
guesses that has and always will be the story of his life 
"is back, baby!"
"doesn't want to be redundant, but it really is the story of his life "
wants the warriors to come out and play 
"my attorney had never caught on to the notion espoused by some former drug users that you can get a lot higher without drugs than with them  and neither have i, for that matter "
"is down in kpsu (1450 am in portland, www kpsu org online) re-airing the metal and moku show  and then, at midnight, audiobooks! tune in, maybe?"
is full of fight and confidence 
"should have been asleep hours ago  instead, he watched \the godfather part ii\"" and reflected on things """
is definitely still awake  and definitely should not be 
exists in a plane of reality all his own 
is full of enough teenage angst to listen to three crappy bands all at once 
is a powder keg of emotion and knowledge 
is a hopeful pessimist  and a spiteful friend 
suddenly feels a great deal better  he loves late nights that look like they're going to be mind-bendingly depressing but end up being totally awesome  go epiphanies 
is listening to old radiolab shows  you should be too 
may have to buy the ticket and take the ride 
"believes it is possible that several preconcieved notions were incorrect, and that some others, despite conflicting evidence, remain true "
"wants to be part <propmale> thompson, part <propmale> <propmale>, and part schwarzwald "
"has heard that the problem with eating and driving is not being able to employ the 10-2 hand position on the wheel  which, as he understands, is a matter of public safety "
had 5 caffeinated beverages  no wonder midnight feels like 8 
has finally been left 4 dead 
"had lots of yoga yesterday, dreams that ought not be metioned last night, and a very sore body this morning "
"got rejected by the red cross for the second time in two weeks  for the next few days, he'll be eating nothing but corrugated iron "
is death from above 
"gave blood today  ha! those punks thought they could keep me out! well, i showed them! with my blood!"
"sometimes just wants to yell \fuck\"" at the top of his lungs  at children  in hot topic """
is slowly losing his god-damned mind 
is thinking about candied apples and razor blades  smile 
is slowly and painfully learning to let shit go 
won't be using facebook for at least a week  at all  it's a test to see if i should just delete the damn thing all together 
"till sour grapes will turn to wine, and it's all just vinegar with time  wooooah?"
is the best kind of pessimist 
: because people won't sneer at themselves 
lost his wallet 
has found his wallet  all plans that were put off today due to wallet loss are rescheduled for next weekend 
well   it's february again 
is somewhere in the between 
"is everything under the sun is in tune, but the sun is eclipsed by the <propfemale> "
's rabbit chewed through his mouse cord  he is surfing the internet and doing computery things without it 
had one of among the best weekends 
is learning all the right lessons at all the wrong times 
been through the ringer and <propmale> up to dry 
need not question what is right: he knows what is right  he need only question his will to do right 
is surrealism incarnate 
"is a sore, beaten, happy son-of-a-bitch "
thinks that today was perfect oregon weather  and about damn time 
is going to get some pi-day pie and toast to einstein 
is slowly but surely becoming an e playful ert on hormones and behavior 
is just a <propfemale> tear from his mother dear -hic- 
"would like to think that, with it being spring break and all, he could just relax a little  but there's always something that'll set people back "
is on the pursuit of happiness 
just stopped in to see what condition his condition was in 
40 hours of mass effect later   
"hey, i'm <propmale> fucking barlow  i'm gonna go be <propmale> fucking barlow not on facebook "
"man, fuck it "
celebrated the last day of spring break with vodka and without regret 
"has returned to the world of academia  and by god, what a world!"
had one of the best days of his life 
i feel like a million bucks 
can neither confirm nor deny this 
is building a religion  he is building it bigger 
believes that facebook is only good for organizing belegarth events 
"when that sun came up, i was there to say \what up\"" """
and fuckin' magnets  how do they work?
mowed my first lawn today  probably the last time i ever do that   
"if i could murder a day of the week, it would be monday  i'd drug it, sneak into its apartment, break its legs, beat it senseless, then toss it off of the roof  then i'd beat the living hell out of sunday just so the rest of the week knows not to fuck with me like monday "
"is twice as sweet as a christmas cake, but only half as seasonal "
a man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones 
"today, i suppose, nobody wins  chalk this one up to e playful erience  and better luck next time "
wants you to hit him as hard as you can 
is sitting and waiting for a sign that coming days will be alright 
"thinks that on some mornings, <propmale> young is warranted "
"the message is not, then, to continue the struggle no matter what  the message is to pick your battles and bide your time when struggle is not the favorable course "
is what was and will be what he wouldn't 
phone = missing
hurts so good  ashland kicked ass 
"make history! e playful losions! floods of passion and rage! be the first in! get your tickets now! also, my phone is still lost "
i mean   whatever  y'know what i'm saying? like   just whatever 
"hey somebody, won't you turn your head and take a look my way?"
"oh, hey 3am  i haven't see you for awhile  what am i doing here? oh, you know  figured i'd stop in, as long as i was in the neighborhood "
is dropping that legal shot 
head+desk 
"knows that if it wasn't for the snake, his bones were gonna bake "
is days away 
"might have serious issues: he feels serious anxiety when meeting new people and hanging out with friends, but feels incredible relief and even joy when somebody says they hate his bullshit and never want to hear from him again   love "
"it looks strangely like \national sleep deprivation day\"" on facebook  are finals getting to people already?"""
it's probably a good thing that i'm not a psychic 
wrote it in a notebook that somebody let him borrow 
man  what a night  fuck yeah 
i mean   why not?
is slowly but surely losing what little is left of his mind 
god   i love summer 
thinks he'll have himself a beer  or 30 
's past was close behind 
"when in doubt, blow it up "
has internet again  not that it matters 
no sleep + sailor <propfirst>'s + nice days in july = god i love life 
is a wicked trench-rat 
one day  someday i suppose 
hooks that shit up legit 
there has to be some kind of way out of here   
"so what we do is this: take a fucking brisket, cook it in some sweet ass onions, get some fucking cheese and roast beef, slap it all together between a layer of latkas, put that in between two slices of ciabatta and then eat the best god damn sandwich ever  which is actually made with a little deli turkey and mustard   love  "
"is seeing double at the triple rock  shit, man "
sees it all coming  wet nights ahead  a good to follow them 
what i am isn't what i was supposed to suppose myself to be when what i wasn't was what i was 
"annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnddddddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnndddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeee, aaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, i've got something special to show you "
is rockin it pdx academic style 
"'s intentions are good and <propmale> and true  but under his hood? well, you know the story "
had a bad waking up  we'll see if the day follows suit 
had salvation a la mode and a cup of tea this morning 
"please go away, won't you leave me alone?"
"is a stranger, and people are strange "
"don't ask don't tell? more like do ask and oh, do tell "
came back home either too late or too early  i hate my luck 
has people to talk to but nothing to say  or   is it the other way around?
"calls upon storm, earth, and fire "
laughs and makes money 
"to all the freaks out there, always remember the weirdness  on a day like today it's out in the open and in the air  in a few days time and people might think it's all gone and life will roll on normally until next halloween  be ever mindful of the strange that waits just on the other side of normal  happy halloween "
is celebrating the dead the only way he knows how 
"rough night for the democrats  given voting trends after bush was elected, however, i'm not too surprised  give it another 8 years and the pendulum will swing back  too bad about measure 74, though "
"remember, remember  some days you just gotta try to blow up parliament 'cause the <propmale> won't stop being a <propmale> "
"give, unrestrained, the old emotion,\the bliss that touched the verge of pain,\the strength of hate, love's deep devotion,\o, give me back my youth again!"
the world at 4:20am is not so different than the world at 4:20pm  the similarities go beyond even the obvious assumptions that those times imply 
"oregon vs  cal  paquiao vs  maragarito  <propmale> vs  wild wings  highlights of the evening include several inappropriate comments made by the members of dunbar, party of five "
"is a little pissed off that a few dumbasses had to ruin 4loko for the rest of us  not that there was much to ruin, mind you, but people should really know better than to mix lots of booze with lots of caffeine "
"http annoyed  upload wikimedia org wikipedia commons 3 3e drug_danger_and_dependence png  i politely ask any observers to note the position the three most prevalent drugs in the us: caffeine, alcohol, and nicotine "
is your brain on drugs 
"did somebody say \sit-ups?\"""""
just read that <propfirst> <propmale> got busted for possessing pot  i don't think i need to go into what about this is funny and what about this is frustrating 
"is flying on instruments  first they got carlin, and now this  <propmale> <propmale> had better keep a low profile for a bit "
marble zone
"boss mode active  finals, round one: fight!"
"wants to know why so many people are just now thinking having a cartoon as their profile picture is a good idea  og, right here "
"finished finals  and now, we nap  errr, i mean, party "
wants to know why everyone in oregon is freaking out about tornados  seriously 
feels the fear coming on  he hates this time of year 
\don't knock the weather: nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation \,ec029a0ed4d253b031e4354da25937ea,"keeps thinking the same old thing, but then again what can he say?"
"shall be master of north, south, east, west, and center!"
"busy busy first day back at school  all five of my classes are today  tomorrow just one class, but a practicum also  it wasn't too bad today either, though i went to sleep without cleaning  what is it with me keeping my place nice? its not that its dirty, it's just extremely messy  hahaha "
"some of his friends, you know who you are (and so do i), are gonna get what's coming their way  so hard  in the butt  secks "
is an epiphany generator 
"y'know, i had a great status update, but it was apparently more than 420 characters  don't get me wrong, i love that 420 is the cutoff for status updates, but here's the jist of what i said: fuck off, facebook  i think i wrote a note about why i was telling them to eat a <propmale>, but that's the jist of it "
read a book in one sitting today  knowledge!
"sees that a lot of people out in facebookland are having bad days  well, you're in good company  the 2nd and 3rd weeks of january have never been good ones, if you ask me  on the bright side, we're only two weeks away from a great excuse to watch \groundhog day\"" """
is just gonna put this out there:
is a once and future dj 
sees the beginnings of the real feminine revolution  about fucking time 
"freedom is different from free-dom, i'm finding "
"wants you to give it up for radio free portland  metal's back, baby "
"\fixed\"" his facebook  the quotes imply one of two things: that there was nothing that really needed fixing or that it is futile to use the a verb like 'fix' on a noun like 'facebook' """
knew it; this place is fucking haunted 
knows it's easy to get wrapped up in the madness 
is reflecting on all the crazy shit he did tonight   <propfirst> guetta and kid cudi may have a point about memories and therapy 
"\the best midterms are the ones you fail\"" """
is a little bit on the evil side of things 
a radio free portland? on kpsu in 20 minutes? you don't say   
is unsure that he will ever encounter a situation that cannot be described by a ska-punk song 
"had a morning of fasting, juvenile conversation, contemplation, and cleaning the soul  er, house "
"dear oregon,\hold up a sec  what is this business going on outside?\4srs,\<propmale>"
"90 minutes till air time  got a full show planned out, but if somebody has a good suggestion that fits theme you might just make it in   radio free portland on kpsu "
refreshing your brain on the air and through the net with those crazy fat beats 
has thoughts that only the heaviest of bass can help alter 
is halfway between full and empty cups 
's ears are ringin' from all that singin' 
"eating -> biking -> maxing -> bike moar -> kpsu-ing  radio free portland, kpsu org, at noon "
"mardi gras? moar liek party gras  get yo carnival freak on, friends "
oregon opener!
is a happy motherfucker 
the ides! the ides! beware the ides of march!
wants to know what the hell is going on here 
"six hours of cleaning? hardly enough  by the nine, i shall see this place purged of filth or die in the process "
"why   are you so radio free, portland?"
is the biggest bestest poopsmith 
"just keeps pace to save face, ace "
"today, we follow the fool's rules "
heineken for breakfast  shutupitsagoodsourceofcalories 
wonders what the difference between us is 
"is riding the sober train to destination   well, i dunno where it's going, but so far it's stopped at vivid dream station, why-do-i-still-feel-crazy junction, and my personal favorite, peer pressure peak "
"radio free portland has moved time slots  it is now back where metal and moku used to be at 10 am  philosophy classes that affect my schedule can   um   well, the show moved "
wonders just how deep this rabbit hole is   
is keeping pdx radio free in five 
"in the great bathroom of life, well, we all have to play the toilet at some point "
i am the mightiest of them all  no one shall defeat me  the world is mine! lol 
belegarth event = awesome  valhalla for life! (it's funny cuz that's a place for dead people )
look! the east is burning red!
hardy har har
"have a seat, but not in the big chair  i'm going to sit in that and gloat at you!"
"it's time for my favorite show! radio free portland, live at kpsu org!"
"wonders   study for midterms, or video games? i mean   both could be done, but i really hate to split my attention "
i can't wait for this to be another clever ruse or gigantic mistake   
