92ce914dd5598acb0f52cad838b134fa
need to buy a jeep  bank preapproved me 15000  hope to have something by the end of the week 
have to work tonight at 10 smile 0 - kinda sucks  hope to get a jeep today though 
"trying to adapt to this 3rd shift bs starting in the middle of the week  i usually like to come home from work and have a cocktaile and relax   not at 7 surprise 0 in the morning! still need to find a jeep  have a $15,000 check in my pocket   it's a bit pricey in"
done with work till sun  night! time to hit the beach!!
i got my jeep this morning!!!
"working third shift really sucks! most people work during the day, so the only time i get to spend with friends anymore is the weekend  maybe it'd be different if i was a vampire?"
"tried to find as many people as i could  if anyone knows of someone that i missed, let me know, please  have to go to bed now  i work in 8 hours "
maybe i'll go take a swim and nap on the beach instead!
"went to work for about an hour tonight before i got sent home  there was nothing to do  now i need to try and stay awake to keep with my schedule, but everyone is normal and sleeping  going to the beach in the morning i think!"
birds are starting to chirp - means suns going to come out - means i need to sleep so i can go to the beach to surf this morning 
"my barracks room sucks now  the air never shuts off! i'm in jeans with a sweatshirt now and i'm still freezing  the thermostat says 80, but it feels more like 50! i can't change the thermostat either "
"i'm hungry, but doesn't it make you fat to eat right before bed?"
"would like mixed cds have had sattelite radio in my car for years, but it doesn't work here yet, if ever   have a 5 disk changer in my jeep though  my internet connect is too slow and unreliable to download music too "
"my address is      1025 <propmale> ave   unit 42     <propfemale> harbor, hi 96860"
"ticked off right now! talked to xm sattelite people and they told me they only have service in the us  isn't hawaii in the us? i'll get over it, but i love my satellite radio!"
still miss my friends! at home and here  3rd shift    
"is very tired, been up for a long time have more jeep and hi pics! stil all from base "
"still really bored, really miss my friends here, and hate 3rd shift! but, i couldnt ask for a better job! even though its boring most of the time too "
have to get to bed really soon  have to work at 11 smile 0pm   it's 6:15pm now  havent slept since 10 surprise 0pm last night! i'm getting too old for this crap!
"kind of funny how it can be 79 degrees here and i'm cold! wearing jeans and t-shirt  sun's starting to pop out, maybe it'll warm up a bit  the beach water would probably even feel warmer!"
had awesome weekend at my buds appt ! i'm suffering today though! don't have to work till 11 smile 0pm though!
tonight is not going to be fun at work!
"another rough, but fun weekend here in hi! getting ready for the storm now and have to work tonight "
"this place floods really bad, but now it sucks that i have a jeep and i can actually make it to work!"
tropical storm on the way  this could be a fun night at work!
"is still waiting for this big storm that were supposed to be getting   we're supposed to get hardest of all the islands, and base is on the far east of oahu "
"it's finally starting! nothing <propmale> yet though  only tropical depression  we'll have flooding then  no worries, except i still have to go to work and don't have an excuse cuz i drive an orv!"
have an 8hr duty driver watch tonight - balls to 0800  hope i don't have to pick anybody up cuz i still don't know how to get around here very well  should have just told them i don't have a license!
8 hour watch (tv read) starts in 9 hours! need to finish folding laundry and make sleepy time!
"done with watch!! bayfest this weekend, filter - tonight, black eyed peas - tomorrow night!!"
black eyed peas were awesome last night!!
8 smile 0am here going to the beach! surfs up!!
all i have to say today is aloha hawaii!!
love my job!
aloha wisconsin!!
every day 
"is hurting really bad from almost 4 hours of bodyboarding today  got beat up bad, got some sunburn, but had a blast with my best <propmale>!"
"can still hardly move today  feels like my hole body is covered by one big bruise  hope tomorrow is better  i'm realizing that i'm not as young as i feel, but some things are too much fun to not indulge! at least i didn't get stung by a portugese manowar like mu <propmale> did!"
says goodnight to all in the time zones 5 and 6 hours ahead of mine! it's not even dinner time for me yet!
to live in the world without becoming aware of the meaning of the world is like wandering around in a great library without touching the books 
people sleep peacefully in their beds at night only because rough men and women stand ready to do violence on their behalf 
"it is a divine right of madness, not to be able to see the evil which  lies just in front "
"toil and risk are the price of <propfemale>, but it is a lovely thing to live with courage and die leaving an everlasting fame "
"just got a buz lightyear (haircut) from my best <propmale>  i feel so much better now  \i'm gonna cut that gray right out of my hair   \""!"""
yaaaaaaaay!! another 1 day weekend!! yaaaaaaaay!!
noli me tangere
what we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal 
"if the infinite had not desired man to be wise, he would not have bestowed upon him the faculty of knowing "
"when you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change "
"if you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live "
"progress is impossible without  change,and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything "
only the dead have seen the end of war  plato
"reach for the best of yourself, always and believe that the best is there to be found "
"any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure "
"if the infinite had not desired man to be wise, he would not have bestowed upon him the faculty of knowing "
is relieved to be home after 4 very difficult days 
focus on understanding yourself instead of blaming others 
believe in those seeking truth  doubt those who find it 
there is nothing wrong in the universe   wrong exists in our limited view of the universe 
we keep what we have only with vigilance 
don't ruin today by worrying about yesterday's problems 
life isn't about finding yourself   life is about creating yourself 
f#@k my life!!
don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do 
"love anything   hate anything   the effect you have on the external might be negligible, the effect on you, monumental "
"to the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world "
i am not what has happened to me   i am what i choose to become 
you don't lose if you get knocked down; you lose if you stay down 
reputation is who people think you are   integrity is who you really are 
an 'eye for an eye' only ends up making the whole world blind 
we don't see  things as they are    we see things as we are 
the fact that someone else is right doesn't mean that you're wrong   perhaps you're both wrong   perhaps you're both right   perhaps your both right and wrong 
you are the caretaker of realization 
the very cave we are afraid to enter turns out to be the source of what we were looking for 
we can only perceive the beauty that lives outside ourselves when we feel the beauty that lives inside ourselves 
true nobility is not about being better than someone else   it's about being better than you used to be 
mris are not made for people on the heavier side!!
you can only become what you dare to imagine 
"so much for relapse prevention! got the boot this afternoon!  out by next friday  so, <propfemale>, i won't be seeing you at <propfemale>  was looking forward to next fri   had i known i would have given you a big hug! not that i didn't wan't to anyways   plan to stay on the island though!"
the horror   the horror   
"want's to curl up into a ball and sleep for days   not gonna happen though   got the results of my mri back today   yes, my back is messed up and i'll be getting disability pay for it "
happy birthday!!
is back online!!
the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being   and who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
what we see depends mainly on what we look for 
the weather man says that it's 70 degrees right now   why is it freezing cold then? maybe its the wind and rain   still sucks   been like this all week and it's supposed to be like this all through the weekend into next week!!  hope i don't get pneumonia or something 
"they're filming something big at the end of my road   all the actors actresses personal trailors, security and everything   went to check it out and they were just finishing up for the night morning   might stop by again later during the day to see what's up  maybe get some famous person's autograph or picture "
"have these maggot looking things all over the floor in the house! maybe 20 or 30 of them scattered individually throughout the kitchen and living room   what the hell are they, where are they coming from, and what do they want!  they don't look like any pics of termite larvae that i've seen   the house is spotless, they're not in the garbage - just in random spots   nasty!!"
hangin' out watching movies tonight   ninja assassin was awesome! watching the fourth kind next  and i can't forget about the original revenge of the nerds 
"have to change oil in jeep and put stock fenders back on for safety inspec  sometime today   then might go horseback riding at kualoa ranch at 1500 (weather permitting)  the big question today is what to do with 3lbs of ground beef for dinner   i'm thinking meatloaf, with garlic mashed potatoes and cheesey broccolli   any other suggestions? we're not picky eaters here "
off to the jungle on horseback!!
"didn't get to ride the horsies   next time we need to make a reservation   very touristy place   it's where they filmed jurassic park, windtalkers, <propfemale> harbor, godzilla, 50 first dates, you me & dupree, lost      went to north shore for the rest of the afternoon instead   awesome surf!!  water was actually cold today "
bra colors made facebook  news but will this? lets support our firefighters & emt's   if you  support our firefighters & emt's then please post this on your  status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from  anyone!! this    should appear in everyone's status!!!! god bless our  firefighters & emt's!
"there are many humorous things in the world; among them, the white man's notion that he is less savage than the other savages   -   <propfirst> twain"
"speak softly, and <propfemale> a big stick "
e ??lelo m?lie!!
"3:15 am  house party still going on, more people just got here  no drinking for me  just want to sleep  sad "
is getting too old for allnighters   proud of myself though - no drinking  0630 to bed finally! only to try and catch a couple hours of sleep and start the day   raining now   hope it's nice and <propfemale> when i wake up  hau ?oli pakoa!
this weather sucks! glad i'm not a tourist here  it'd be one disappointing vacation  at least it's not cold 
"<propfemale>, 80 degrees today! hope i don't get sunburn "
yup   sunburn 
"parmesan seared kajiki (blue <propfirst>) over a bed of baby caesar spinach w  raw, sliced sweet maui onion  now that's what's up! i love being able to cook again!"
"fyi there's a  website called spokeo com  it's an online phone book that lists tons  of personal information about you, some accurate, some innacurate   it can even have a picture of your house, credit score, profession,  age, how many people live in the house  remove yourself with the  privacy button on the bottom  i checked it out, i was on there!  cut paste and repost!"
dogs barking! pigs squealing! roosters doing their thing 24-7! can one ever get any peace and quiet? one roommate short for the next 2 weeks will make it a bit more peaceful - probably get boreing too! ah well 
is loving my new medication   fukital!!!
is wondering if the voices in my head have voices in their heads 
will be mainlanding it (and probably freezing my ass off) from 05-18 to 06-01!!
what's the surf like in wi this time of year??
"is off for my threesome   me, my pillow, and my bed!"
"thinks that the dog truly is mans best friend! not convinced? try this  put your dog and your wife in the trunk of your car for an hour  when you open it, see who's happy to see ya!"
"whoever gave me the stomach bug can come take it back anytime now, regardless of what your parents taught you, its not always nice to share "
"is going to turn off my mind, relax, and float down stream with the purple squirrel smoking those funny cigarettes while singing kumbaya "
wonders if there is a manly way to eat a banana
"welcomes you to my profile  straight jackets are by the wall, meds are in the boxes  enjoy your stay, and please visit again!"
everything's betta with butta   bacon   and blue <propfirst>! even the movies i download br versions of are better than the dvd that i already own  love it!
"is in a wonderful mood! maybe its the prozac, maybe its the weekend, or maybe it's the weather today; either way something is working!!!"
"a true friend doesn't care if your house is  untidy, your  car makes funny noises, if you only have $5 00 in the bank  this week, or  that your family is not perfect   they love you for who  you are  a true  friend can go long periods of time without speaking and  never question  their friendship  repost if you are blessed enough to  have at least one  true friend "
must go get fitted for a tux   
is as bored as a fat kid on a teeter-totter!
thinks its funny how that when in need your invisible  but when needed your like a neon sign 
life is too short to worry about everything   stop taking the people who actually care for you for granted  you're never guaranteed tomorrow 
"i don't care how old i get  the coolest sound in the world is when you get a \power up\"" mushroom in super <propfirst> bros!!"""
when your life flashes before your eyes   make sure you've got plenty to watch!
"i always sleep naked  it's just more comfortable  this stewardess can f@#&  off, i don't care if there's young children on the plane "
"is always good   and even when i'm not, i'm good at it!"
"is so bored, i was about to run around the house naked but then i drank a bottle of windex and it stopped me from streaking "
naptime!
"wonders    if your uncle <propfirst> helped you off a horse, would you help your uncle <propfirst> off a horse??"
is going to that new club b e d   i hear mc sheet and dj pillow will be there with a little cafe <propmale> mar volumen siete in the background!
"don't be afraid of the impossible, make the impossible happen "
what happened to the tradewinds? it's getting really hot today! maybe a visit to the beach is in order!
is really debating whether or not to go see the losers  still have a minute to decide 
is really missing my 'chiropractor' right now  2 weeks is too way too long!
naked   talking heads   2005
"another scorcher today! 80 deg  <propfemale>, humid, no ac, and still no tradewinds!"
"sure, i talk to myself, and willingly admit it  it doesn't mean i'm crazy    just that i appreciate intelligent conversations and know where to find one "
"is not what i should be; not what i could be  not who i want to be, but surely not who i used to be "
the most dangerous lies are the lies you tell yourself 
"holy shit! tv just kind of e playful loded!! wasn't even turned on, just went pop, fizzle, fizzle  lots of smoke! hope that's all my excitement for the day  that was definitely enough!"
nuthin's fun when you've sh!t in your pants 
lost my helmet and ate all my crayons   now what do i do?
"what ever happened to sex, drugs, and rock and roll?  now all we have is aids, crack and techno!"
a sober man's secret is a drunken man's confession 
it's never too late to become the person you could have been 
"learned a new word today! \jewpanese\""! i think it's hilarious! leave it to the sf bay area!"""
"you know you were raised catholic if    while watching <propfemale> wars you hear \may the force be with you\"" and you respond \""and also with you\"" """
"rented a tiger woods video, \tiger's favorite 18 holes\""   what a disappointment    it was about golf """
"just so i understand this  you pass the \north korean border illegally you get 12 yrs hard labor,you pass the\ afghan border illegally you getshot you pass the american border \illegally you get a job, driver's license, allowance for a place to \live, health care, education, billions of dollars spent so you can \read a document we <propfemale> passports in other countries or face jail \time  repost if you agree"
"what all fortune cookies should say   \you are about to take a dump in 10 minutes "
"is it just me, or does trying to stifle a laugh and accidentally snotting the person in front of you just make it that much harder not to laugh?"
"i love it when i bump into a wall and say \excuse me\""!"""
why do people with stinky breath always want to whisper in your ear?
have you hugged your imaginary friend today?
officially has both feet on solid mainland!
you can't live the same day twice   no one can be you   so live your life to the fullest even in the hardest of times 
tux rental shoes suck! finally got my slippers back on  wedding was great! pics to follow soon  six hour drive back to hometown tomorrow  really miss home hi 
"finally got a decent nights sleep and got my ass out of bed at 0900 this morning  love the weather  a little hotter than i'm used to, but the ac is set to 78 so it's almost perfect inside  something bad in the air though, i havent had allergies since i was stateside last summer  only a week (or less i hope) to deal with it before going back home "
"even though you can not go back and make a brand new start, you can always start now and make a brand new ending!"
"sometimes you have to fall, just to see if anyone cares enough to pick you back up again "
what lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us 
is vertical and above ground!  its a good day!
"if you are reading this, thank a teacher   if you are reading this in english, thank an american soldier!"
"deepest feelings show themselves in silence    like when they look into your eyes and see your heart, or when you feel their touch and you know you matter "
is home!! after 17 hrs of travel i'm back in the house!!
party my place tomorrow (sat night)!!
"the best thing in life is that god sees all your mistakes and weaknesses, knows your imperfections and still thinks you're completely amazing!"
"just moved to kailua  i'll miss the country, but everything here is so much closer  no more roosters and squealing pigs all night long but the sound of the stream will take some getting used to not having around "
"unless you believe, you will not understand "
advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't 
"character cannot be developed in ease and quiet   only through e playful erience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved "
"<propfemale> is no matter of <propmale>   it is a matter of choice   it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved "
the weak can never forgive   forgiveness is the attribute of the strong 
in prosperity our friends know us; in adversity we know our friends 
human love is loving because of something; divine love is loving in spite of everything 
hope is a waking dream 
before god we are all equally wise - and equally foolish 
"when you think you can fly, the sky's the limit "
if you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything 
sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears 
"i still dare to dream  and so long as there is a dream of better things to come, i can face tomorrow with a smile "
he who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good 
"forget injuries, never forget kindnesses "
the first step to getting the things you want out of life is this:  decide what you want 
i have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice 
"we can draw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it "
science is organized knowledge   wisdom is organized life 
"the secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, worry about the future, or anticipate troubles but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly "
it is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom   it is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err 
"if you don't like something, change it   if you can't change it, change your attitude   don't complain "
"who am i to judge another, when i walk imperfectly?"
wisdom begins in wonder 
"life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood "
in three words i can sum up everything i've learned in life:  it goes on 
faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase 
i think i've discovered the secret of life     ya just <propfemale> around until you get used to it 
life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious  when people laugh 
sometimes silence can be louder than words 
"it is in deep solitude that i find the gentleness with which i can truly love my brothers   solitude and silence teach me to love my brothers for what they are, not for what they say "
"i think we all have a little voice inside us that will guide us   it may be god, i don't know   but i think that if we shut out all the noise and clutter from our lives and listen to that voice, it will tell us the right thing to do "
faith is not belief   belief is passive   faith is active 
the best way out is always through 
don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines 
the pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity   the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty 
"good judgment comes from e playful erience, and often e playful erience comes from bad judgment "
"if you're going through hell, keep going "
"we do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us is something valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch "
half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through trying to save 
today was just one of those days when i feet like the hydrant in a world full of dogs 
helping my friends is something i value most about my life  or even just making them smile 
really miss my chiropractor   used to see him every day   now i'm lucky if i see him once every 2 months   really need him now 
"the true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do "
keep your eyes open to your mercies   the man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life 
better to light a candle than to curse the darkness 
"hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life "
"was just accepted and enrolled into a $30,000 pharmacy tech  program   class starts nov  15 "
"so, two days done with school this week   computer class is going to be a cake walk! medical terminology is going to take a little work, but i know i'll do well!"
"just finished medical terminology final  98 percent!!  a's in all my classes!! one week off, then back at it again!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes   the sun finally came out and i can go to the beach now!  surfs up!  aloha!
hope this tsunami warning turns out like the last one!  i'm probably not going to sleep tonight cuz it's scheduled to hit between 2 and 3 this morning 
survived the tsunami two years in a row! glad things here didn't happen like they did in japan 
