f44f8d46ce63ca76f298604d999414c8
what is happening here!
"thinks they should just go ahead and change it to santamas once and for all   don't hate, you know it's true "
"i think i'm more excited than i really should be that heroes is back on   and house coming back next week!  no, i'm not a couch potato, i swear!"
uhhhh   invisible?
some kind of hotel california joke 
note to self: when you're watching heroes tonight at its new time (9pm eastern!) try not to get too distracted by how much you want to marry <propmale> quinto  end note 
i watched football last night and i still don't know how i feel about that 
"changing my life, brb "
"maybe i'll convert to hedonism  step one: eat this awesome piece of chocolate  (don't worry, i still love salad )"
facebook should really add celibate to the list of relationship status options 
i just ate hagen daas rum raisen ice cream and i think it made me tipsy  (yes i ate the whole thing and i wish i hadn't oh god!)
i just had to eat three bananas because they opened up when i tried to pull one off the bunch  i am so full of potassium right now 
"oh my, would you look at the time? i almost forgot this week's gushing about <propmale> quinto! time to drift off into peaceful dreams about pointy-eared serial killers "
how do i get myself into these situations?
"\show yourself   take only what you need from me \"""""
"thank you <propfemale> pope your membership application has been received  aftra membership will contact you within 24 hours during the business week   if you have joined over the weekend or on a holiday, aftra membership staff will contact you by the end of the next business day "
"don't allow fotos, it's a viral application  whatever it says i did to you, i didn't do "
want out! want out!
spell check told me that 'theatre' was wrong  i felt victimized 
"you are looking at the newest member of aftra sag washington baltimore local, baby! i gave them a bunch of monies and they gave me   a pin  it's totally sweet too "
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
the blizzard of 2010!
sickness and pestilence ahoy!
what's so great about that pickle anyway? it's kinda freaking me out 
"feeling crappy, and not just because of this head cold that won't give up "
"really, universe?  really?"
ticked at everyone  where is the love? where is it?! worst v-day ever 
"<propfirst>'s (singles' awareness) day is over, but the bitterness remains "
there is no greater sense of impotence than when you can't start your banana   sad 
debating whether or not to watch cloverfield  i heard it's scary  :<
"today is a good day for vegetables! eating them, not being them  i would not want to be a vegetable today  or any day, really "
"dear fox news: i couldn't care less about <propmale> panettiere swimming with dolphins  it's bad enough she stinks up my heroes  unless she got eaten by a shark, please keep her off my tv  thank you "
i may be the only person not watching the olympics 
"i just watched 22 25 episodes of the first season of lost  yes, i am hooked  also i think my eyes are bleeding  must sleep before watching three part season finale  then on to season 2! i love netflix instant queue! whoa that rhymed "
"my sister has the best-behaved dog ever  pet sitting for her is a breeze! they're so good, i can just <propfemale> out and watch lost all day  speaking of which   time for lost marathon day two!"
"my sister's back home safe, hooray!"
now i'm home safe!
agitated and restless  it's time to do another play 
me: *walks in dejectedly* mom: did you have a good time? me: *sigh* not really  mom: sorry  *proceeds to tell me all about her day*    i'm so glad i have such an attentive and loving family 
"to atheists it is sometimes said: you can't see the wind but you still believe it exists  i know the wind exists because i have felt it  for that reasoning, i do not believe in love "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but at least we can raise awareness   "
i'm glad i have teeth 
"i like to move it, move it "
gotta get away from this place 
"witty comment which belies the fact that i am slowly dying inside  oops, secret's out "
seriously considering going to live in richmond for the summer  anyone subletting?
"can't sleep, clown'll eat me "
passing out early  had way too much fun last night   this morning?   with <propfirst> and crew   laugh 
"i have no idea what time it is  did my computer update itself or do i have to? ugh   maybe i'll just go back to sleep for another ten hours  speaking of which, weird dreams last night; huge butterflies, conspiracies, and serial killers  the heck did i eat?!"
"if i was interested in commitment, i'd pay a visit to my local asylum "
i think my favorite thing about lost is that everyone has daddy issues  everyone  and the people who have mommy issues have them in addition to their daddy issues 
gagging on pills is a great way to start the morning 
"wanting to slap some sense into someone who doesn't even want to see me  maybe the one who needs the sense-slapping is me  for realsies, babe "
maqui makes me hungry like i have a tapeworm  it better be killing the lyme because this sucks 
"auditions for community theatre tonight  it's my first audition in like, three years  somehow, i have the sneaking suspicion that when i get there, i won't be able to stop grinning "
"pretty excited for tomorrow  kiss me, i'm <propfemale>! except you  you don't kiss me "
"it's a good day to be <propfemale>, o my brothers and sisters   i'm feeling rather lucky "
what a beautiful day   love 
reaching my breaking point 
"some are baptized by water, some by fire, and others by blood  today we begin anew, strengthened by crises endured, grateful for crises averted, and prepared for crises ahead "
"dude, i really wish those ads would stop showing me delicious cupcakes "
"i'm dancing barefoot, heading for a spin "
"seasons 4 and 5 of lost are like the arrancar arc of bleach   you miss how it used to be, you hate what's happening, but you've invested so much time and interest already you just can't stop now "
on days like this i can't help but wonder: what the heck am i still doing here?!
i'm not withholding my opinion because i don't have one  it's because my opinion will probably make you cry 
i love it when i'm in such a hurry to get ready that i beat myself in the face with my hairbrush  then i somehow find time to post about it on facebook  i'm so awesome 
"dear nintendo: in your next installment of wii fit, it would be awesome if you took into account women's menstrual cycles  it is not cool getting lectured for period bloat  it is not fat, it is blood  kthxbai"
because i'm eggs <propmale> and you're an egg mcmuffin 
hohoho   this facebook station is now fully mobile! and you thought the statuses i came up with at home were bad!
"what, you're on the eastern shore and you have no plans for cinco de mayo? then come <propfemale> out with me at the blarney stone at 9pm! there'll be karaoke! it's cool if you don't sing, because i like having people watch me make a fool of myself  i am an actor, after all   "
<propfemale> pub for cinco de mayo? yes it makes perfect sense  see you there!
"rhythm boxing on wii fit in sweats and a sports bra makes me feel like million dollar baby  time for a run! adrieeenne, i can do it!!!"
"argh, barely eating  sleeping too much to eat  it's not depression  geez, if this show doesn't end soon, i might die of starvation!"
"places! that means i have about 90 minutes to kill before i go on! i'm not even putting my pants on til intermission     oh who am i kidding, i'm too well trained "
"ah, monday  the beginning of the actor's weekend "
"\i don't care what you think as long as it's about me  the best of us can find happiness in misery \"""""
"\how can you tell which one's the bad guy if they're both wearing black?\"" i love psych """
"in other news, three more episodes and i'll be all caught up with lost! <propmale> better be okay omg  although, that's what he gets for running over cripples miami vice-style  (lol spoilerz)"
"wash, tell me i'm pretty "
"\i dream of a better tomorrow    where chickens can cross roads and not have their motives questioned \"" <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>!"""
to err is human  to arr is pirate 
"\the truth is worse than anything i could bring myself to do to you \"""""
getting lost!
i'm pretty convinced that aizen will never die 
"i don't have delusions of grandeur, they're premonitions "
"if i haven't disappointed you yet, that's only because you've never \counted on me  i have poor follow-through and i'm selfish  if there's nothing in it for me, i probably won't do it  but the honesty   that's free "
"well, as if the lost finale wasn't enough of a letdown by itself, it was further ruined by my mother's inane questions and pigheaded remarks during every religious and or spiritual overtone  i'm left unsatisfied and irritated "
let there be bacon 
why is it that the guys i've been interested in for the past several years have all dated girls less attractive than me? do men not want to date pretty girls anymore?
like this if you live in nyc and would like to <propfemale> out when i come visit at some point in the next few weeks! and comment if you have floor closet corner space i can crash in for a night or two while i go apartment hunting   laugh 
"this one goes out to the working actors on my list, past and present  (i can't believe this never came up in business of theatre!) which is better: an agent or an agency?"
only in theatre can you be called a bitch about nine times and have it be the highest of compliments  had a great reading tonight!
still weeding through craigslist for an affordable ny apartment  times like this i wonder: would sylar's nightmare really be so bad?
too much wasabi gives me the ability to see the inside of my own brain  today i relearned the capital of assyria 
"if i had a parrot, i'd teach it to say awesome things like, \pieces of eight\"" and \""shiver me timbers \"" because that parrot would be like +9 in piracy """
"dying, brb      wait "
"just saw 'mr  rice's secret' on netflix  <propfirst> bowie was phenomenal as always, though i must admit i was slightly disappointed that there were no obvious crotch shots "
"whatever happened to <propmale> campbell? that kid sure had something  ps, i hate nostalgia "
honk if you like cookies 
your kung fu is weak!  behold the might of my superior kung fu!
"thank you to everyone for the warm birthday wishes! i have such sweet friends! in related news, i'm getting frighteningly closer to 30, lord help me   "
portal - credits song 'still alive' http annoyed  youtube com watch?v=y6ljfakrtri
