3183ce2e73848e601dcb1e0bd86f1d2f
"remembers those times that probably don't mean crap to other people, or should i say, the other person  it just keeps floating in my mind and i know that it won't go away, but i'm kinda glad  i like the memory; i liked everything about that time  so hell, if i can have that happy memory, let it be "
"i'm talking to <propmale>, sorta lol i miss the hell outta him  i needs my bestestfriend"
"this is funky, gotta get some getting used to  i'm gracefully clumsy  smile "
goodnight world! more fantastic school events to be happening tomorrow! sad 'cause no one ever texted or called me back  sad 
school was interesting today  glad i found christian during lunch  <propfirst> is going to drop the class we have together but i don't blame him  waiting for <propmale> so we can talk!
i love work! school tomorrow! gooooodniiiiggghtt
oh oh <propmale>! i''d punch you!
missing my bestest friend ben-jammin    oh wait lol  fell up the stairs at school  i'm a senior and i looked like a freshman lol  love tech theatre  still hate math! missin shikaboo  spending lots of time with <propfirst>  he's great but way too hyper for me lol  fixed a computer today  woot woot! i've got a life  oh yea and key club officer meeting tomorrow! join key club! i'm vp!!!!!
well i'm home        need something amazing to do
i miss yesterday  i miss having my best friend ten minutes away  i miss my mom  i miss learning new things  i miss hugs  i miss playful nights  i miss naps  i miss my group  i love them and i miss those summer days and nights 
hoping i get to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> and <propfirst> this weekend  if not     blah lol  work tonight at the bowling club 
made $40 in 3 hours  smile  super super super pinsetter and i've got my fridays done with for permanent pinsetters  can't wait to see <propfirst> and <propfirst> tomorrow!
i've decided i have nothing to do so i'm going to starbucks!
i'm feeling really dizzy  like sick dizzy not silly dizzy
"i'm really getting exhausted from all the researching and prepping for myself  college is coming up too fast and high school is coming to an end too soon  but i am ready for this, i'm not afraid to move on and up in the world"
almost wednesday! almost to my first three day weekend! yay  smile 
i'm retarded!
i  love  tech theatre  smile  opie won't be there tomorrow though  oh well neither will <propfirst>  me and <propmale> have each other  laugh  lol what color are we going to where? jkjkjkjkjk
i ? tech theatre  smile  opie won't be there tomorrow though  oh well neither will <propfirst>  me and <propmale> have each other  laugh  lol what color are we going to wear? jkjkjkjkjk
blahblahblah
beg for loves existence yet we fail to realize it is forever and always simple
"i got the concept and came to the conclusion, that the top floor was just an illusion, to the fact that i go this break in my back, that i can't get out; i cant figure out how, you appeared right in front of me, before your march down south a university, is where you spend your daylight, but we're both just waiting for this friday night"
"if you're seventeen, run your butt over to <propfirst> clemens blood drive, located in the practice gym, from 8 to 4 tomorrow! i'm donating!"
"watching the steele vs  southwest game on channel 7  attempting to see my cousin, <propfirst> calhoun, on tv  laugh "
i'm watching vacancy
"not sure what to do today, but for now, getting something to eat at muh house  smile  text text text even though i fight with my phone to get a tuvor8 except my phone likes <propmale> better and will work for him on the first try! stupid phone  playful "
"i won't try that again  smelyalata, i'm outta here"
"oh brother, i'm left outta the loop "
"\chello\"" everybody's going to the party and we're having a good time"""
stupid pocket won't let me pay with my card online because it's freaking stupid
"breaking news!!!! kanye west just interrupted <propfirst> swayze's funeral to let everyone know that <propfirst> <propmale>'s was better! btw, if <propmale> posts this too, he totally got it from me  smile "
"i don't think i've ever understood the world and people better  the key is you've got to understand yourself and your limitations  as much as we hate to say we're weak, we are sometimes  we are human and completely prone to flaw "
"we'll put a <propfemale> in the sky, we'll make them know our names, we'll put a dent in the existence we call ours so let me hear you scream, we'll <propfemale> "
"maybe one day when it's all said and done, we'll pretend like it never happened but glance back because we still want each other even though it's over  or maybe sometimes we have to believe that everything is a <propfemale> tale for it to turn out right  the only problem is i am no <propfemale> and i have no <propmale> charming "
maybe it's my fault i was dreaming thinking this could be the real thing but love's a broken game  paintpaintpainting at school with cool people in this cool thing called key club  smile 
"i'm not up for grabs, i'm out and about for the laughs, only here to have the time of my life  so if you stand in the way, i'll just laugh and say, sorry you've got nothing better to do  smile "
"chill chill down, this fire is burning me way too up "
tired
"push me down, push me around, make me believe i'm wrong, but ya know the greatest part of life is that i can just walk away from everything "
"well i live in a false reality, a dream world  i fail to understand that the person who lies to me the most is myself  i force myself to believe what i wish, not what is reality  so i'll sit, empty-minded and broken-hearted  i'll pretend to be okay and choke the tears back because that's what i know how to do "
well it's about 40 degrees cooler than i'm used to  buuurrrrrrrrrrrrrr
banner looks great and i'm covered in paint! had a freaking amazing day  smile 
"sucken pretty low, lost my logical way of thinking  threw up, need some medicine that won't come right back out  hmmm      just friends       better than him disppearing out of my life  i love my three best friends, <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>"
"well, because i'm kinda mad, everything makes me laugh  two stubborn, sarcastic people can't fight, we both laugh even though we don't know it  smile  good job <propfirst>  guess i won't hear from him till his soccer game next saturday  it's all good, think we both need some space  let's get some thinking done! hmmm     still not feeling up to par though  i hate being sick "
"although the distanst is daring, i sure know what it's like to be alone "
"you must not have a heart, have nothing in your chest  annoyed "
"you can keep your personal opinions, but i have my own  you raised me so well i'm nothing like you e playful ected "
i'm 17  smile 
"my steady feet have failed me now, my unsteady hands made me lose the road, i lost my heart and i've lost control of every emotion that i own"
"if we were a love song, we'd totally be out of tune  smile "
"i luffs my amazing dysfunctional family  smile  i love <propmale>, <propfirst>, & <propfirst>! if we were a song, we'd totally be out of tune! mayday parade amazes me  smile  college? just took my sat today, thinking biology and sociology  what do you think?"
def going for biology and <propmale> is retarded because he doesn't know why  smile 
i love you more than i could ever promise  smile  you take me the way i am  life is so wonderful it's stupid
omg! i get why i couldn't find the song now  smile  thanks <propmale>
"play my game, i'll play yours  i've found some piece of mind and i'm breaking  but i'm happy, dammit i'm happy  i  love  tech"
"things that suck, i never doubted, i never second guessed because i trust everyone too much  is that such a bad thing? thinkthinkthinking lots about stuff  love "
"i'm gonna enjoy every step i take, every miss i make, every single day because, <propfemale>, these are the days of our lives"
"i'm gonna enjoy every step i take, every miss i make, every single day because, <propfemale>, these are the days of our lives & loving it or hating it, i still have to live with it"
"in case you don't remember, will anything change your mind? a one way ticket was a pretty good sign  say goodbye  theory of a deadman  wonderful, wonderful day  smile "
"life is like a song, you get the <propfemale> down, grab the <propfirst> and scream your heart out, we're all afraid of what tomorrow brings, put one foot forward, spread your wings and fly far away from here, we're all searching for ourselves, if you believe you're alone at any time, you've learned to lie to yourself well "
"well tried to be nice but i think it put it in a way that i think he can understand  get to see my besty, <propmale>, tomorrow!!!"
work time  annoyed  go buffs!  love 
"great day  let emotions stay outta the way, this pup learned a new trick, but it's not a trick, it's really me  but thinking about emotions, thinking about what i could accomlish with them, thinking about what i'm missing out on, kinda drives me crazy  maybe i'm foolish, or maybe it's something i can never completely control  hopefully, i can keep it under control, i can keep me under control "
"letting emotions stay outta the way, this pup learned a new trick  i'm gonna hit <propmale>  laugh "
"no personal relations, i'm strictly school now  laugh  i don't have time for you so eff you  smile "
"i fell in love with someone, yea, sure as hell did  damn, didn't think it'd only hurt for that little time then i realize, i'm trying damn hard to just to hold onto hope, or whatever i'm holding onto  yet, doesn't help when he likes someone else  i don't like rejection from him no more  dammit, i missed him  glad he's being one of my besties again, hope that's what he's doing anyway "
"crazy, crazy dream  hope i never have to make a scene like that  playful "
i wait up all night just to see you move  wondering how that <propfemale> is doing
"love is a word that we can't seem to live without, can't stand at times, but something we can never escape"
life is complicated; love is complicated  i'm keeping it simple   laugh 
had a great time in tech today  laugh  hmmmmmm       
"my hearts been broken, but now, i haven't got one to break  i'm running from this scene  finally time i did that  the three most important people in my life are now not, they exist only in my memory "
"i wanna quit, i need to breathe, i need to be able to talk to him but he won't let me, well it's true, and he's pissed off at me and it makes me upset and go figure, he's still right, in a way"
i really screwed up this time  i'm gonna lose him completely     why was i so ignorant&stupid&why did i have to open my big mouth?
"well i've done all that i could, only hope it works for the best "
"oh, if only if only, times were as simple as they were when i was five  i had courage and i didn't even know it  yea, i was fearless when i was five "
supamazinfantabulous day!  laugh  <propfirst> cheese  love  thanks <propfirst>!
"wrote a song that touched her heart  read old messages from myspace, i'm surprised and how true some things that i wouldn't believe are  i found i love so many things, but the word is meaningless when your heart is being unspoken "
dreams are better when they stay perfect in our heads  who wants to be disappointed when things aren't as amazing as they seemed?
so i'm talking to this amazing guy  laugh  i was also told by nickbug that i need to go to sleep lol hmmm    what does future hold? nights  smile 
"apparently, \the rabbit died\"" means that someone is pregnant """
"lovely girl with a lovely mind, thinking takes up too  much of her time "
"no, you still can't roar  smile "
"got someone on my mind, today was amazing&a little suprising  smile   love bambam"
"i waited for that damn class all day, and it was the best class all day  laugh  cept spivey needed me every two minutes haha  love bambam"
"today was like <propfemale> coated kisses without lips, words of wisdom without a sound, & touches of electricity that shocked ever nerve in my body  you make me smile  smile  tomorrow,tomorrow, tomorrow, can't wait for it  laugh  i enjoy the mystery"
"you're what i wait for all day&as easily as i walk away, don't be mistaken by it "
"eat, work, drive an hour to grandparents, no phone service  sad  should be back in town(&service) 2ish tomorrow and i'm taking my brother and sister trick or treating  sunday, gotta go to almost, maine(play at school) @ 2     how'd my weekend get booked? next saturday, driving to junction to see <propmale>!!!!! now that i can't wait for "
had a booger come wake me up on the couch this morning then we all ate breakfast  laugh 
my brother thinks he's cool because he can message me over his itouch  playful  & he is! my sister can read so so so well! and i got a spiderman toothbrush!!!! omg  laugh 
yep      annoyed 
going trick or treating  wonderful to know that everyone wants my help with make up for halloween lol pics lata
"i want your loving, i want your revenge, you and me could write a bad romance  so beyond tired, more than a 12 hour day with the kids, it's a wonder why i don't want kids, huh? goodnight "
 smile 
i was sooooo close      but kinda chickened out     
my cats are stoned  rawr means i love you in dinosaur  laugh 
"i wanna beat people with a book     or block of wood  laugh  i've got a strong feeling that tomorrow is going to be a very interesting day, or a very disappointing one  playful "
today was     disappointing but i won't say anything else  blood drive tomorrow! come to clemens and help save up to three lives with one donation!  laugh 
<propfirst> clemens is hosting a blood drive issued by the south texas blood and tissue center  come down between 8am&4pm and give a little time to save three lives! <propfemale> has gone crazy from making pb&j's and is going to sleep hoping something will be surprising tomorrow so that i'm not so frustrated!  smile 
"lots of frustrations, lots of idiots, i'm tired  most things frustrated me today  thank freaking god for those things that made me calm  thanks to those who donated their time today to help save three lives! i hope tomorrow is worth my time, this week has been neverending      something tomorrow please make my week "
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you have finished, post this paragraph on your status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you "
"i'm not up for grabs, i'm out and about for the laughs, only here to have the time of my life  so if you stand in the way, i'll just laugh and say, sorry you've got nothing better to do  smile "
"effffffffffff     okay i'm good  laugh  lol darn     gotta admit that it kinda sucks  oh wells  won't push my luck  wouldn't be worth it, i think      yea     whatever you say      or something lol  yea, i'm a bit confused honestly "
"work   yay lol  <propmale> tomorrow  leaving early early, be back late late  have a good saturday everyone  laugh "
i made $53 in three hours  laugh  i'm a g! lol jkjk  i like being able to text someone across a room i trust on fridays  goodnight world  smile 
"rawr! <propmale> today  smile  so so so excited! long, long drive ahead of me  don't know if i'll have phone service out there so if you try to text me and i don't reply, i'm not ignoring you     well some of you lol have a wonderful saturday everyone!"
who says i can't be free?
doesn't get the point of what i've got on my mind  not anticipating tomorrow    
"i realized that i talk really fast when i'm excited  i also realized what i'm gonna do about tomorrow; i'm gonna act like i've been acting  seems to cause no harm (& you should tell me if it does&you know who you are)  plan one, clean room better lol "
"i'm the exception to so many rules  if i can't win your game, you can play mine  smile  yes, you can"
got three movies and gonna have a movie marathon with bri  laugh 
"why does it feel like this day never ends? i wanna see three people, and they are all in different places of the world!!!!! okay two are in texas but a ways apart  btwitiailwu retarded? yep lol  but i do love you guys, the two of your who got that message and don't know what it means  smile  but i don't mean what that long text talk thing means lol"
"i'm gonna do it  still nervous but i'm gonna do it  i think i can, i think i can lol g'night"
has already gotten distracted by playing with shadow who hid under a box then put a hole in my finger! i never realized how much i like school until there is a holiday in the middle of the damn week and i'm bored out of my effing mind  movie marathon with bri was fun though  laugh 
"sorta, kinda, not really, but almost  is that even possible?"
my mommy magically appeared! no one had any idea she was coming  this so makes up for the last month of bad feelings  i missed her but she has to leave next week  sad  but i'm so glad she is here   smile 
"you make me dizzy  the good dizzy&the confused dizzy  but i have a good feeling this time, no matter what happens, or doesn't "
you work wonders on my mind  love  goodnight world of facebook
i need a fix because i'm going down
happiness is a warm gun
"work, then going out to my grandmas tonight  be on late later   love  wandering eyes, you took me by surprise"
"weird, i don't normally have dreams with people i know in them  vivid dreams, it's somehow a curse "
i hate apple computers  someone wanna help me connect to a wireless internet source without restarting the modem?
i hate apple and their flaws
"i hate computers  annoyed  yea, i need someone to calm me now"
"things are just    difficult  there is always something i want to say (or do) but i'm too afraid  i refuse to let myself believe things are impossible  knowledge truly poisons the mind  it keeps dreams only dreams  it's like hope; i've found a loss for hope  i enjoy innocence  i enjoy simplicity, not that as humans we are simple but it's (supposedly) a mindless effort "
"well, don't you just love going to sleep after watching a baby try to kill someone lol  g'night "
"when it's time to live and let die&you can't get another try, something inside this heart has died, you're in ruins"
"because, no  somehow hopeful, but what's real overrides hope  yea, unlike so many others i know the difference&face it  said it once and i won't push it  welcome to the real world of logic "
"peanut butter&banana sandwiches and livewire  going to work  gonna talk to <propmale> more about the military  options, options, options   annoyed  maybe not so graceful ones but ones that will pay for everything "
the jukebox is the only hell i deal with at work
i must be a pyromaniac since i like all types of pie  smile 
going to see new <propfemale> with <propfemale>!  smile 
turkey bowling! i  love  muh job  smile 
i believe my mind is disturbed at the moment 
is at best buy on a computer hanging out with <propfirst>!  laugh 
"oh my god, there's cows  let's tip one!  ah i love you <propfemale> cooper "
you pooped your shoes!
i realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me 
"gonna go to <propfirst>'s to see his band, we claim the skies, practice! check out their myspace! they're getting there  <propfirst> needs to get the eff out of bed  smile "
"according to you, i'm stupid, i'm useless, i can't do anything right"
is gonna eat sausage and cheese  laugh 
"had an awesome day  smile  thanks <propfirst> and <propmale>, you're both the best  laugh "
"who let, who let this feeling die, when all i did was try? who let, you let this feeling die,  i can't get you out of my head, you're the flame that burns me so i know that i'm still alive "
ugh                sad 
i don't know      but it's under 64 degrees in my room 
my boyfriend is music 
"we're gonna have a rockin' party on december 12 @ my house  for more details, comment, message, or text me! it's gonna be awesome!"
"so there is a 70% <propmale> of snow and if it snows during the day, then i'm not allowed to drive    woohoo      "
itouch  laugh 
"later we'll have some f***in' pie, and we'll do some caroling  bullshi! lol some people are stupid"
"party countdown! dec 12 @ mah house! for details or information or directions message, comment, or text meh  smile "
raywilliamjohnson love 
is skype n hurting  playful 
"impossible to you to believe and to see through my eyes when i have stepped in your shoes  fine, live by what you've got or think you've got and when you've really got nothing to lose, maybe you'll learn to live instead of learning to die in perfection "
"silly, silly girl"
no party  don't ask and don't come  sorry
party still on  fixed up dads car and now shower and party  laugh 
uhhh-freaking-dorable  smile 
not so silent night tomorrow!
not so silent night was freaking amazing!  laugh  but now i'm tired so goodnight
"is it really a dream if you can touch it? whether you can actually obtain it is a different story but dreams aren't ever meant to be grasped  that is why they are dreams  otherwise, it is reality "
gonna get ready for christmas  smile 
got sexy surround sound  smile 
isn't feeling so great
was <propfemale> clause
doesn't like it when a certain someone just says that he is leaving   annoyed 
is very frustrated 
missing the summertime 
<propfemale> christmas!  laugh 
"had lots of fun tonight  we claim the skies is coming along great  laugh  good job <propfirst> and <propmale> and rest of band that i don't really know on a personal level! glad i got to <propfemale> out with them again, missed them a lot "
deeply puzzled
trying to finish forms       ugh     
work  laugh  so happy i get to go back (weird i'm excited about work lol)
south texas blood and tissue center is hosting a blood drive (go figure) at <propfirst> clemens on january 6 from 8am to 4pm  please take some time to donate and thanks for giving the gift of life   this will be my 5th time donating blood! one more and i get to wear the red cord when i walk the stage this june!  laugh 
i think fafsa is stupid considering i can't fill out the damn form for another month and a half!!! this is so stupid!!!!
"all we need is some ice cream and a hug! take a good look around, does life really suck or are we just complaining? tell all the haters that they should just shut up and smile  laugh "
"i might have to wait, i'll never give up, i guess it's half timing and the other halfs luck"
"it's kinda amazing how you are  i bet you don't know how your eyes <propfemale> when you talk about anything  and you're worth so much more than you think you are  gosh, i can't wait till you see that "
abandoning heart and emotions 
bad luck kid right here
gets straight to the point
gonna watch american idol
fell in love with the singer that is going to hollywood who had cancer! lol
"i'm not larger than life, i'm not taller than trees"
wants to go back to school
i'll give up my life to hold onto you
"i'm waiting to be okay with what i've got, what i can never have, and what i have the potential to have "
attempting to maintain my sanity
"everyone has a little bit of amazing in them, we're just searching for the people that see it clearly "
"cry a tear, live a lie, sorry that we're only human"
do i look like i have all the answers? i'm confused
"well, i've been procrastinating about packing for this pals trip"
and i'm here to say goodnight  laugh 
the sun doesn't shine where i'm standing  i reach for it and it doesn't move  but i-i inch for it  i hope for it  the memory of him tugs me back  and there i am yet again  stuck in the endless nightmare of my memories 
"i'm still alive but i'm barely breathing, just praying to a god that i don't believe in, cause i got time while she got freedom, cause when a heart breaks it don't break even, what am i gonna do when the best part of me was always you, what am i suppose to say when i'm all choked up and you're okay? i'm falling to pieces"
wow      my family keeps me up to date        not
learned her first full song on guitar!
"you can skyrocket away from me, and never come back if you find another galaxy, far from here, where there's more room to fly, just leave me your stardust to remember you by"
stop right there  that's exactly where i lost it  see that line  well i never should have crossed it 
acoustic guitar love 
can't wait for this week to be over and for spring break to begin!
i miss my momma
"if you see with your eyes then you're blinded by the light thats comin in, and if you feel with your skin i guess you're just hopeless"
i'm hungry
sometimes i wonder whether love is real or fantasy
you are not the father! lol i love this show
i've got work today! wish i coulda <propmale> out with everyone last night though! ugh!
unbearably sad today and i'm not sure why
"can you imagine no love, pride, deep fried chicken, your best friend always sticking up for you, even when i know you're wrong, can you imagine no first dance, freeze dried romance, five hour phone conversation, the best soy latte that you ever had, and me  tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet? did you finally get the <propmale> to dance along the light of day?"
"i could lie, but then i would laugh and you'd know the truth anyway "
got accepted into utsa!
"like molecules we fall apart, and slam together in the dark, the dark with where the change is made, and all the best made plans are made, and turn into a deeper shade of colors, me and you"
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now      "
work time!
"happiness has shot my life, but in a good way  smile "
graduation is june 5 at the <propmale> col! i'm ridiculously close
i am officially a high school graduate! congrats class of 2010! we made it!
so i just saw some monks at walmart      lol
my grad party is sunday!
it's too early! good morning <propmale> millers o o
"airports are fun, ya know, they've got chairs"
"congrats <propfemale> and <propmale> on your marriage! may it be and exciting adventure! and btw, awesome reception!"
"stop the ticking clock, i want to pause for a minute"
"don't go to bed yet love i think it's too early, we just need a little time to ourselves"
"cause i've been trying way to long to try and be the perfect song, when our hearts are heavy burdens we shouldn't have to bear alone"
"how is it a dead flower can still be completely alive and a symbol or e playful ression to things people sometimes refuse to say? yea, i'm overthinking a flower  but hey, thorns still hurt"
hi may i take your order please? damn <propmale> millers for making me want to say that when i answer my phone lol
"well oil change, burnin hot boneless wings for dad and me, then work at 5  smile "
"in your eyes i see a darkness that torments you and in your head where it dwells, i'd give you my hand if you reach out and grab it, let's walk away from this hell"
"i'm sitting in a room made up of only big white walls and in the halls there are people looking through the window in the door, and they know exactly what we're here for \\don't look up, just let them think there's no place else you'd rather be "
standing in line for utsa orientation      i had to take off work to im sure stand in a line more than half a day today and tomorrow
"i made a flower bracelet  smile  back at utsa ugh      i want to go to school and learn, i don't want it to be so complicated"
work 2 to close today  kinda tired  i want some white roses
gonna see <propmale> and martins place  smile 
"i read your profile, i like your story"
hello there  laugh 
having some luck today  hope it continues  smile 
yay! someone knows what repo the genetic opera is here  smile 
i need a little laptop to bring to classes
i think i'm changing my mind about career choices again  sad 
"if i would have known what i know now, i wouldn't have tried  no question about it"
"everything is way too routine but i don't know how it would ever change, that's life"
thank you everyone for making my 18th birthday awesome! love you guys!
it's kidd's kids day!!!!!! go to my posts for links and a phone number to donate  remember that you are helping make a difference in 52 terminally and chronically ill kids lives and their families by helping them have the time of their life for five full days at disney world! go online or call and donate!
i'm thinking i hope he thinks what i'm thinking  smile 
"am i ready to say that to you or am i just going to hide behind deceiving words? hmmm, we'll see "
don't look up just let them think there's no place else you'd rather be
"the stepsisters cut off their toes in order to fit into the <propfemale> glass slipper  yes, apparently there are very dark versions of <propfemale> "
i'm so not awake today 
parnormal entity= sleeping with a light on
i finally figured out the topic for my compare and contrast paper  laugh 
i'm hungry!
"so i sit here on my own, with a message on my phone,\ sweetheart i wish you were beside me\"""""
"when you figure out love is all that matters after all, it sure makes everything else \\seem so small  love "
but i always find a way to keep you right here waiting
"dressin’ it down, hittin' on dudes, hard "
"liars turn me on, bed spread bandit since 89, you wear your heart on your sleeve, i threw mine to the sky "
"i'll stay over here, and you stay over there  yep i think we'll be just fine"
say goodbye to my heart tonight
"your hips move so smooth so use me, i'm bout to lose me, cause this is how it feels when its up close and real"
"the best part of the day, mr leal locking his store keys in the office haha  laugh "
i see how i'm wanted  that's fine  we'll see what happens later then 
crazy little thing called love
"my life is like diamonds  a gift that shimmers, that smiles in sun or rain  but it can also shatter and be taken away  yes, my life is like diamonds, romance, lust, obsession, and betrayal  selfless and selfish  beauty, grace, and somewhat broken  yes, my life is like diamonds "
the baby shower was fun and cute  can't wait till i can buy bekkah and kyles baby little converse shoes  smile 
have a wonderful christmas everyone! i love you guys  smile 
"ya know when you want to say something because you know it's really important but then again you know you shouldn't? yeah, that's how i feel now "
"4 call ins today, work sucked"
"you can't talk, can't fight back or cry, and you can't save yourself      "
"i'm only as tall as my heart will let me be, and i'm only as small as the world will make me seem, and when the going gets rough and i feel like i may fall, i'll look on the brightside"
called it
hot chocolate  laugh  yep it's a cold day
ready to watch more <propmale>! football is not really my first pick      or second     
"hopeless but hoping, when the choice of one thing has both positive and negative results  i think i chose wrong "
"if i was fat, would you tell me to lose weight?"
note to esteban: freezing temperatures plus trying to clean window with the windshield wiper fluid equals frozen windshield wiper fluid on windshield
"the mini vacation is over, i love school but they're out of my coffee"
"baby shift at work, 2 smile 0 to 6"
"stop and stare, i think i'm moving but i go no where, yeah, i know that everyone gets scared, but i'll become what i can't be"
"man, you're being dumb  i hope you stay away from me"
"hey babe, i'm hungry and my ears still hurt  bring me food please  smile  i'll love you forever  love "
"at my cousins birthday party, and i'm hungry  happy birthday ashlinn!"
so <propmale> miller hourly employees now must take 45 minutes breaks
what's the good of a silver platter if all it's feeding is lies?
"finally able to take a breath  dear my life, \throw me something new and interesting so i'm not as bored "
"don't you hate it when you're at work just trying to fix the pie display and you put one loaf of bread on the top shelf and (boom! crash! splat! gurgle!) the bottom shelf (with a pie on it) shatters? okay, i'm sure it doesn't happen to everyone but just thought i'd let you know i made a mess of glass (which we had to throw away our soup) and the pie is okay  smile "
"when we're apart what ever are you thinking of, so tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love?"
