850f6bdd58069d33067c1cbbe8bc3974
onwards to 2011 > smile 
faaaaack 
i don't want to grow up yet 
going bowlinggg  with a bad back and neck  my forearm is next to go 
"fuck pokemon b w shitfuckshitfuckshitfuck\damn money waster  i gotta buy that shit  fuck"
where's my suicide button 
sunburn  my poor <propfemale> skin 
why did you buy me a coach wallet mom 
i hate sauvie island
"hunnay, i rabu youuu   love "
shut your whore mouth shut your vag 
mood swings can go choke on a fat <propmale> 
who has the ddhs yearbook for 07-08 and 09-10???
finally saw 2 girls 1 cup 
(? ???)
my parents better not know about the hole i kicked into my wall until i move out  then i'll ignore them when they try to call me about it 
waterfront at night  love 
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status  you'll be surprised what people remember about you smile "
so many sad people this summer  love 
"meteor shower last night~ it was so pretty, but i have 20 25 vision! fuck man"
nobody cares about taeyang everyone shuddup
stupid!
congratulations  you are a hazard to my good health 
made one shitty ass cake for leobutt's 17th birthday this morning  c: at least it's filled with love   love  happy birthday~
"back from the beach~\and thanks for all the happy birthdays!"
happy six months  love 
"drove yesterday, and gonna drive some more today! stop trying to make me kill the family dad!"
freshman friday does not exist  shame 
me and <propmale> kept getting spat at by an old black guy in downtown last night 
why are all the sexy boots on yesstyle so e playful ensive aauuuugh
"? ´,_?`)"
keep your whore hands off that ass 
i just found $50 in a very old red envelope i never opened! yey  love 
you're ugly
i wanna go to college already  augh 
kpop fans are such sheep
thatsphucked isn't workiiing d;
"leobutt is the best, sexiest, most beautiful, smartest person in the world and i lahv him  love "
silently judging you
i like it on the floor 
<propfirst> lennonnn love 3333
mmm had a great korean bbq dinner with my hunny and his famu  love 
that 4chan     love 
hurka derka 
<propmale> <propfemale>  love   love   love 
watching beauty and the beast on vhs  love 
"you don't know who or what you're praying to, but you pray\you don't even regret the life you're not gonna live, because by then you'll be dead\and the dead don't feel anything, not even regret"
"? ´,_?`)"
"<propfirst> <propfemale>, you are a dead man"
nnnoooooooooooo       !!!
3am at <propfemale>'s house watching <propfemale> play street fighter iv  laugh 
"should i be a regular ninja or a zombie ninja    \b c i love that fake blood makeup shit"
r i p  takeshi shudo  sad 
the human centipede had a gay ending! can't wait to see the full sequence c:
that's it  i've had it with you and your emotional constipation!
i hate being up this early
i really hope you get sexually violated by a pterodactyl tonight
hrrrrnngngngng i love paychecks  love 
"i drink your milkshake\sssshhhllllrrrpp\i drink it up"
n-nooooooooooooooooo    how could this happen
leonaaaaard love 
ugh  worst morning ever 
love padlocks c:
i hope i get run over my a 16 wheeler today
gonna go enjoy the rest of this shitty day 
i love having a gun in my purse!
omelet du fromage
just ate chicken with tobasco sauce  i feel kinda black for some reason
if only snow = no work c':
freaking fell asleep during <propmale> potter 7   sad 
who's good at ear piercing? i wanna get my cartilage pierced right now!!
god fuck everything 
9 months love 
those hot cheetos made the skin on the roof of my mouth peel off
new profile is gay  heart-broken 
"hopefully one day, everybody will see clearly past your pretty little mask and realize that you are nothing more than an ugly, miserable fake   love "
i want to destroy your life 
white converse get
"i can't take the trash\your trashy friends are spreading about us"
? ??
officially pissed  c:
"for the past night, my dreams were haunted by images of tetris kicking my ass"
"r i p, my faithful straightener   heart-broken "
hmph  and you said i didn't have to worry about you doing something wrong 
i just swallowed my gum  annoyed 
<propfirst> attenborough  love   love   love 
feliz navidad!
aaaaugh fuck this day 
new years <propfemale>! who's having a partay?!
omg college
first day of college went by smoothly  c: i will live
depressed ;u;
spent the last two hours making paper stars  love 
why the hell do people freak out over shit being korean 
fuck this computer  i'm so sick of its constant bullshit 
okay i admit it  i love driving 
i hate it when they refuse to kill children in american movies   annoyed 
soooo fucking pissed
"oh my god yes it's finally over\for now  \i hate machines"
icy  but i still have school  ; a;
hahaha ya'll jynx'd your day of no school  you fuckers get next monday off anyway 
teeheehee look at you trying to make yourself seem so grown up
"ugh, i fucking hate this    condition i have  it has to go away or i'm just gonna have to live in agony "
sonic adventure 2 battle :'u
i want my very own lightcycle!!
"wow, i grew up to be such a faggot   sad "
siiigh what the hell :'c
must buy more video games must buy
i am paranoid parrot and sap
<propfirst> fish is one crazy mofo!!
fuck my immune system
i wanna watch srpski film  but where
stalking ddhs today c8
so much money get  love   love 
facebook you are soooo boring bc
sinju sushi is dklsjfbhaweibgw delicious 
asbestos flaygon
i keep hearing strange noises in my house
the new way of viewing photos is v  homo
everyone is inviting me out to have fun when i'm siiick
welp 
withdraws into her hermit shell
"uh oh\i think i'm turning into\the black swan"
haircut haircut haircut
why haven't i watched panty and stocking yet
"if anybody even utters the word snow, it ain't gonna snow \so stfu"
"looks out window\well i'll be goddamned"
"i wanna ps3\someone give me theirs for free"
i can't wait for my very own oshawott-chan  love 
gonna die
i keep hearing a chinese guy singing baby baby baby ooohh outside on the tv
"in new york\concrete jungle wet dream tomato"
whoa wtf youtube   
"wears fake glasses\omg i'm such a nerd i'm so cute ^-^"
french rap is amaze
"tomorrow afternoon\pokemon white will be in the palm of my hand\and i will squee all day"
just found five bucks in the dryer c':
i am disgust :i
what a fun and dramatic night that was c':
"kicking in the front seat, sitting in the back seat  gotta make up my mind  which seat should i take?"
rooty-tooty point and shooty
"every damn step i take\wild encounter\every damn rare battle\audino audino audino\where the fuck is emolga"
disappears into tvtropes 4e
bro niggas
i want to draw so much  but why can't i!!
watching saturday night fever with my dad  hardcore sex scene happening right now 
i'm gonna go read some fucking fanfiction c:
fucking a!!!
bitches get mad when boys stop flirting with them
oh god someone stop me from eating all this food
can i die yet
i'd enjoy having vaan as my punching bag in duodecim more if he didn't have such uncomfortably awkward getting-hit-noises 
shit i feel the urge to draw lots and lots of pokemon fanart!!!
who wants to go watch sucker punch with me dis week   _ 
"the day i get run over by a car and die, god bless my mom "
<propfemale> yaaaaan ; o;  love 
i cut my pinky on a nutella jar   
tresspassing on ddhs today  not exactly gonna do much though!
i think i'm drunk!!! maybe! tonight hs been a\\  good nightt!@!!\\
