3bc4213ed388a9d8e7174a911c723626
"bored, doing a bunch of quizzes "
awww  love 
"maybe i'm messed up, maybe i get mad and say shit when ppl piss me off  i'm typically a very nice person but don't fuck with me when i'm mad "
"oh gosh, my voice it's going away!!! trying not to talk now   annoyed "
happy new year all!! just a few hours left  smile 
hope everyone had an amazing new year's <propfemale> and a good start to the new year 
"my parents failed to tell me they were going out tomorrow and wouldn't be back until about midnight  after i made plans, now i get to cancel my plans and stay home to babysit  ; "
"my little brother is so cute, he's only 7 and he calls me to tell me he's going to use his father's facebook account to play farmville  only he doesn't even know how to spell facebook or how to find farmville  cutest part is he talks like he's a grown-up  i love my enanos "
"i wish things were the way they used to be, i wish you never saw that folder     annoyed "
"wish i could go to the beach with my mom, stepdad and little brother for the weekend, but oh well    fair on saturday!!"
can't wait for tomorrow!!
finally got that chocolate milk out of my hair -_-
hoping for a good weekend   smile 
finally done with dual enrollment until june 21!!!!!
"yea <propfemale> you were right, pirate language is fun!"
so i hope lantz likes the letter i wrote him about his absence and the slave work he tried to make us do   smile 
can't wait for school to end  it will    eventually   
finally home  smile 
got our sat scores today  i'll do better next time 
fun time yesterday at the beach with <propfirst> cribeiro  too bad the water wasn't too good  hopefully the next time we go there won't be as many waves 
i have a feeling something's gonna happen but idk what  maybe tomorrow will be a good day   smile 
french journals finally done!!
the project for lantz went well  hopefully the bribing with cake was enough to get an a 
mambo no 5 is such an awesome song 
going to bed  nighty night <propmale> year 
yea    i'm never looking at my cousin's pics again 
"if your brave, copy this to your status  \and see what people rate you  (1) crazy  (2) wish we went out  (3) \talkative  (4) sarcastic  (5) lovable  (6) sexy  (7) strong  ( smile  dumb \(9) spoiled  (10) mouthy  (11) wild  (12) goofy  (13) funny  (14) \awsomelyawsome  (15) amazing  (16) beautiful  (17) cute "
"finally, haven't been able to use the computer since sunday!!"
eventually <propfirst> will pick me up  eventually   
first day of class  pretty awesome teacher  hopefully the class will be fun 
i miss you already  annoyed 
glad to be back home  smile 
got my braces off this morning  laugh  but these retainers are impairing my speech  -__-
not one of my best days  sad  but it's really not that bad 
can't wait for the trip!!  laugh 
ouchies  annoyed  my back hurts 
"packing, excited for the weekend!!!"
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday  i would've responded sooner but i just got back early this morning and haven't been online until now  thanks everyone!!  laugh 
quite an interesting day today   
wish the weekend with <propfirst> cribeiro never ended 
i hope this gets fixed soon     annoyed 
"now that almost everything's been straightened out annoyed 1  advanced placement english \2  advanced placement united states\3  customer assistance 1  level 2\4  french 3 (yay i have an actual elective!!)\5  advance placement macroeconomics\6  de: history of the u s  to 1877\7  pre-calculus"
"so, i'm probably not putting up any more of my senior pics  i want to fill that album with pics of the whole year ending with cap and gown "
i have a unicorn!!!
"people want my unicorn, you know who you are (<propfemale>) "
so who's going to school tomorrow?
"i need to get a new profile pic, had mine for a while "
so about a month ago i applied to ucf and usf  yesterday and today i get letters saying i'm accepted 
no essay friday 
finally have my college tour pictures 
getting ready for tonight 
"ice cream, yumm "
i have a random single red hair  i knew i wasn't imagining things 
there was a lizard    -_-
i e playful ected more from <propmale> iglesias   
"alright guys if you check your facebook mail, you'll find a lovely email from me about the cod marathon  i know every single one of you got it, some possibly twice  you can't pretend not to know about it  please donate!!!"
"so guys, i'm sure by this point you've heard about the cod marathon for child's play <propfemale>  you're probably annoyed from hearing about it non-stop  i'll make you a deal  if you all donate i'll stop annoying you "
pissed
possibly the cutest cheekies 
guess who's going to fsu next fall? <propfirst> cribeiro and i are!!!
fsu  love 
the little girl at the adopt a family party was so cute ^-^
"inbox only: it's confession time! 2010 is almost over, so confess something you've always wanted to tell me and i promise it will stay between us  put this as your status, you might be surprised "
so happy  laugh 
everyone liked my key lime pies  smile 
fun time at our weird picnic
spent the last two days with my funny friends  smile 
this has been a very productive day 
it is finally over!!
i need more pictures 
the domino effect
i need a song right now to keep me awake 
people are actually online at this time   
booooored!!
i like my new phone  smile 
why did i leave this paper for last minute?
the one you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs the one you just called stupid? she has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? she is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying 
these damn essays > annoyed 
<propfemale>
"what a great day, now my worries are over!  smile "
back from the fair  it was fun    but so tired 
i will never finish my research paper   
