ca79c822a4a340230105a34d1eefa9d3
i'm kursor! : d o <propmale> 
has a bad reaction to simochi 
oshi - this mask came out really well 
"section 1, <propfemale> 16, section 1, <propfemale> 16   "
"alright, chums (i'm back!) let's do this "
why does the hotel man have no pants?
el presidente de sexo!
this cake tastes like freedom 
"twilight is like soccer  they run around for 2 hours, nobody ever scores, and there's billions of fans that insist you 'just don't understand' "
"you know that feeling? the feeling you get when you find out who that <propfemale> woman lemony snicket was always talking about was? yeah, that feeling "
"oh, <propmale> \sirènes  <propmale> sirènes appellent  messagers de la fin, pourquoi voulez-vous chanter?"
this was a triumph  i'm making a note here: huge success 
"farewell, powdery paradise "
"if you could make a drawing come to life, it wouldn't be a drawing anymore, would it?"
"believe  believe in the light  believe in the sky, and believe in the small things; for they are often the most beautiful "
is feeling like playing some donkey kong country today 
"anybody else hearing \fa-fa-fa-f**k her face\"" out of poker face?  laugh """
"once again, old spice manages to make me laugh harder than i've ever laughed before at a commercial "
<propmale> mustafa is officially my new hero 
cute is what we aim for  : d
all who trespass here are doomed 
hello ladies  how are you? fantastic 
the words are coming; i feel terrible 
"most victories in battle come from instantly e playful loiting your enemy's stupid mistakes, and not from any particular brilliance in your own plan "
no one can stop me now! i've got super negro spirit power!
"\i'm bluffin' with my muffin\""? wtf does that mean?  laugh """
i am kel'thuzad  your curiosity will be the death of you 
lay on hands - because 1v1 is too unfair for you 
beware the bra-mounted whipped cream cannons!
"i'm a little paladin, short and stout  here is my hammer, here is my mount  when i get in trouble i scream and shout; then i bubble and hearthstone out  : d"
"i play for keeps, 'cos i might not make it back "
"you could travel the world, but nothin' comes close to the <propfemale> coast, apparently "
"you're a f**kin' d**k, <propmale>! (thank you, jew producer )"
"admiral mikey is no longer with us, sadly  he fell down some stairs  about 30,000 of them "
every master craftsman and all true geniuses always save their best for last 
anyone ever notice how no one ever wears a full beard and a trenchcoat? it would be too much badassery in one place 
"why didn't grommash hellscream just walk back to his corpse and hit the \ressurect\"" button?"""
fruit vendor! your cart is still in our way! i suggest you move it before we are forced to take action! do not make us tell you again!
a frying pan and a flintlock pistol - my zombie apocalypse weapons of choice 
monocle smile 
the human capacity to hate is overshadowed only by the human capacity to love 
never give them the <propmale> to doubt you 
blood and thunder - may your arrival bring them both 
"gettin' my hair cut today  probably same feathered semi-long deal  you all'll see it soon enough, i'm sure "
i am the patron saint of lost causes 
got my hair cut  i look like <propfemale> fawcett  with a beard 
"<propmale> miserables was really good, lol "
why don't you take a cue from harpo productions and start givin' away some mazdas?
"i've seen gnomes work harder than you, peon! little girl gnomes - with pig tails!"
"total healing done: 6,516,418  not bad for 20 bgs  : d"
"critics called drag me to hell a \perfect\"" horror film  remind me never to listen to what critics have to say again """
it works  it's real  he helped me 
about to watch bean again  rowan atkinson is a pretty nifty guy 
watchin' foxy brown  old school ftw 
"if you a <propfemale>, then why do you have this chair in yo face?!?!"
"shawty, now you soundin' so fine, gimme ya numba we can bump n' grind, talkin' about politics all night, leavin' the club in tha mornin' liiiiiiyeeeeiiiiiiite "
world of warcraft is educational! it teaches problem solving - solving the problem of getting your ass kicked by the opposite faction   laugh 
walking a mile with 2 12-packs of cola is never a good idea 
"so   the cops spray this one guy down with a water hose, and then tase him  doesn't that show a willful intention to unnessecarily increase pain? wouldn't that be considered police brutality? apparently, justice is blind - unless you're a cop  :  "
"\a live grenade is more fun to cuddle with than a penguin \"""""
"rofl! a united states congressman said, and i quote exactly, \marijuana use causes schizophrenia \"""""
"lord, <propmale> me the courage to change the things i can, the serenity to accept the things i can't, and the wisdom to get rid of this damn virus "
news flash: flipping off the camera in your photos doesn't make you any more gangster  that is all 
"not gonna let 'em catch me, no  not gonna let 'em catch the midnight rider "
"and if the bombs go off, the sun will still be shining  because we've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining "
"dudes, this air wick wizard thing is the bomb  it's like an e playful losion of aquatic freshness in my face "
"\men who have never had a woman are as colourless as a day in which the sun is not shining \"" - <propfemale> <propmale> bingen"""
4 more days until the vikings game  oh boy 
"i just had a po-boy with cheese, roast beef, mushrooms, grilled onions and some teriyaki sauce  awesome  try it sometime "
anybody else remember that fresh <propmale> of bel-air episode where uncle <propmale> broke out lucielle and pwned that guy in a game of pool? what an awesome episode 
<propmale> eastwood was badass  case closed 
"alright, <propmale> childress, you've officially given us an open invitation to beat the living houshamazada out of <propfirst> favre  you'd better have an ambulance on call "
"so, waffle house  it's really late  but i love omelettes "
"here's to you, all you arrogant assholes that go out of your way to go to a location, and then critisize people there for doing whatever it is they do there "
"dear civilization iv <propfemale> - why do you cheat? the maximum number of units in a stack is 7  don't think i don't notice when i kill 5 of your guys, and you still have 7 in the stack "
nailed the key riff for the saltwater room chorus  proud of myself  : 3
i brought all this so you can survive when law is lawless 
"speaking of which, anybody else realize how difficult it is to slip the word \pigeonhole\"" into intelligent conversation without sounding like you're forcing the issue? pretty darn difficult """
"for <propfemale> - because even 13 years after they put you in the ground, you're still alive "
when did  playful lay stop being informative and become little more than a springboard for <propfirst> web's apparent bid at a career in stand-up comedy?
"so, what is aizen going to morph into next chapter, guys? a submarine? a t-rex? a panzer? who knows?"
"so, i was watching the new saw vii trailer  and through the whole thing i was like  joyful , but then i saw <propfemale> in the trap at the very end and i went from  joyful  to  surprise  to : o in like 5 seconds "
"i was going to throw you a party  there was going to be cake  all of your friends were invited  even the companion cube  but he couldn't make it, because you murdered him "
look again  the tickets are now diamonds 
"stomach feels better  : d thank you, god, for answering that prayer i sent you  it was a day late, but, better late than never, right?"
"\don't disappoint me  or i'll make you wish you could die \"""""
"so, bleach had one of the silliest endings to anything ever  it was cool and all, but the amount of asspulling that went along with it was just absolutely ludicrous "
voulez-vous coucher avec mort?
"so, i noticed how in dragonball z <propfemale>, they replaced <propfemale> <propfemale> as frieza's voice  wtf? = ("
just realized how difficult it is for him to not make a sexual innuendo   laugh 
"\what kind of special deals ya got goin'?\"" - i hope i'm half as cool as grandpa in dr  <propfemale> when i'm that old """
i just punched a hurricane!
"i finally figured out what those keys were for krook's march that i've been trying to figure out for 4+ months now  turns out, it was gbabfbab  and it sounds amazing now that i know both parts "
"\would it be lumbersome for you to eject your breastual units from the front of your cotton-based mammary covering so that my optic sensors can take in their visual stimulation?\"""""
"so, this homemade ice cream deal isn't as easy as i remember it being in kindergarten "
"i'm gonna kill ya husband now, mrs  <propmale>!"
"if there's one thing i've learned from 1,000 ways to die, it's this - don't screw with mother nature  because you'll probably die "
passion pictures never fails to constantly leave me dumbfounded with their ineffably beautiful work 
"so, <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world was a pretty badass movie  loved the fight sequences with the evil exes  = d"
"so, i just slept for 15 hours  awesome "
"would i tame this great being so that every moment of her time was devoted to me? would i focus her eyes so that they could see nothing but my face? i should rejoice that i am a part of her, rather than resent that i'm not more of her "
"everything is ok in the end  if it's not ok, it's not the end "
maybe i'll play my ds  for the first time in a year   laugh 
"beautiful, on the weekends, does stunts for little <propfirst> in gay movies "
"1,830,069 total healing done in av in a single batteground  and word, homies "
saw vii tommorow! : ) it's gonna be kewl 
"so, i just trimmed my own beard for the first time in   ever  i did pretty good too, considering i can't see shit out my left eye  : d"
saw vii tonight at 8 surprise 0! woohoo!
saw 3d was really cool  gruesome-ass traps too  : d
"badassery, thy name is hoffman "
18 days until i'm 20  oh boy 
i think that perhaps i may have to battle seven evil exes in while here 
anybody else notice that you sound completely different on video than you do in real life?  laugh 
"i confess, without shame, that i am sick and tired of fighting - it's <propfemale> is all moonshine; even success the most brilliant is over dead and mangled bodies, with the anguish and lamentations of distant families, appealing to me for sons, husbands, fathers   "
"so, earlier today, a destruction warlock told me that i (a holy priest) was playing a noob class and that it took no skill to heal  anyone that's ever played wow will understand my sentiments when i say hahahahahahahahahahahaha "
"drexel is a pretty cool name, isn't it? don't ask me where i got it  you won't like the answer "
"you cannot qualify war in harsher terms than i will  war is cruelty, and you cannot refine it "
life - no one ever makes it out alive 
hooray! i've been 20 for 2 whole minutes and i already feel old   laugh 
"circle me and the needle moves gracefully back and forth; if my heart was a compass, you'd be north "
"if any of you get the <propmale> to get one of the air wick winter luxury edition scents, do that  they smell orgasmazing "
my vote for worst side effect ever? impending sense of doom 
"faux silk has got to be the worst material ever stain-wise  you sneeze on it, you sweat on it, you blow bubbles near it, you so much as look at it wrong and it stains "
today's match will be in   the gully! : d
"look up a song on youtube from the big o called \tears\"" and tell me it's not the saddest song you've ever heard """
"today is december 9th  that means that today is your birthday  i'm sorry i couldn't come visit you  you're kind of a long walking distance away  if i wasn't so sure it'd be freezing by the time i got back, i'd do it, but i don't plan on seeing you again quite yet  hope you're still resting in peace, kid, and happy birthday "
"well, obviously, we have a -rapist- in <propmale> park "
man knows not the time nor place of his death - only of it's inevitability 
"when you read this, hum the old yoshi's island theme to yourself and tell me you don't smile "
breaking into stormwind city  with a priest  and making it all the way to the stormwind stockade  without dying  impossible? yes  am i doing it? yes 
you shall build a turtle fence 
"\priests - pray all you want; god likes us more \"""""
*cough for the horde cough*
"oh my god  they're making a <propfirst> movie  yeah, <propfirst>  that noob from youtube? the annoying, whiny kid that speeds up his videos? that kid got a movie deal  gg, hollywood "
"interesting historical tidbit - pirates didn't wear eyepatches because they had a bum eye  they actually wore them so that if the ship was attacked during the night, one eye would already be adjusted to the darkness and they could give orders more quickly "
word of the day: callipygian  having shapely buttocks 
