07257430b296803f1b4c5dc187e3bd41
is very happy to be machine gun guy  it reminds her of <propfirst> ventura in 'predator ' man    those trees were toast!
is surviving without water in her house 
"okay everybody: it's cool, there is water in castle radula once again, and none of it coming from the ceiling  thanks for the great show of support over my 12 hour dry period, and your concern about the hygiene of count and bullitt "
too caught    in facebook web    need    break free   !
nap!
"loves colony, but also wishes she could be at comic-con   "
so tired    river float burn skin    so tired 
"who's the black private <propmale> acts like a sex machine to all the chicks? shaft! right on  who's the man that won't cop out, when there's danger all about? shaft! can you dig him? they say that cat shaft is a baad mother- shut yo' mouth! but i'm talkin 'bou"
just took the best facebook quiz ever 
aahhahahaaa!!!! playwriting 
"will not be playing kickball tonight (sorry fellow zombies )  the colony just tired her out and made life too surreal to play sports the next day  instead, she'll be inside quiet kaet-land and figuring out where to have dinner  hope you understand, jonesy"
enough of internet quizzes!
"\no\"" to work tomorrow  frown face """
porcupine racetrack: still f-ing hilarious 
admits that she actually likes the smiths 
shiny happy monsters feeling glad  this one is not seeing g i  <propfirst>   
"the problem with admitting you like the smiths is that someone inevitably thinks that you love the depressing and repetitive morrissey lyrics  the ratio here is about 70 30 in morrissey's favor, however  if i do get hit by a doubledecker bus, i'd hope it "
trip!!
"it's too hot to do anything but watch hulu, read comics and eat ice cream "
fantastic rock show last night! black hollies+howlies=fun rock and rolling times 
wonders why she didn't clean her house before her trip?
"realizes her last post should have been a statement, not a question "
doesn't really want to go for a run    but she must!
chocolate milk!
didn't go running  (frown face) but! will go on wednesday    promise    really 
is in love with reigning sound all over again! tears of happiness and longing are saturating her afternoon  holy shit! how can <propmale> cartwright be such a genius!??! it's astounding 
has the mommas and the papas stuck in her head 
is filling out grad school applications  ugh 
"spur of the moment decision: ut is out ! no time for texas, at least not until next year    this leaves five schools, and three months "
"is having issues with this 9 12 tea party situation and the whole idea that <propfirst> o'keefe may maynot be the slimiest, most underhanded operative of fox nation ever  what is wrong with the people in this country!?"
kickball!    its time for some tall socks and dust-kickin'!
revistiting 'menage a terror' while 'effemoir' goes into sleeping beauty mode    let the roses grow and grow!
comic books are totally fucking sweet  that's it 
thinks south american pinot noir is a bit too spicy  oh and can someone take a shower for her? maybe also go to work tomorrow?
"just found out her monthy student <propfemale> payment is going from $112 65 to $38 07, beause the federal government just realized how f-ing poor she is  apparently, they think everyone in the country makes the same amount of money out of college until the irs tells them differently "
is drinking wine and dying fabric late at night
has 'the final countdown' stuck in her head     bad news 
just remembered how cute lambs are   
wants more hours in her day  and civil rights for homosexuals  lets make it happen!
"was typing on the computer when the biggest hobo spider she has ever seen crawled onto her floor  it didn't crawl for long  in fact, it is now a grease stain on her carpet approx 1 5 inches in diameter  one more point for <propmale> "
is a tired tiger 
swords and dragons and magic and nerdy stuff 
has swine flu  for realsies 
"still has the fucking swine flu? after seven days? i mean, come on!"
"no longer has the swine flu!  the truth reveals itself on day 8 as pre-pneumonia! am i the luckiest girl alive, or is this a 10 day period where my body utterly fails me?! awesome!"
"doesn't know about you, but plans on listening to a lot of misfits over the next two days    and sadly, not much else  rocktober going out in a pneumonic blaze of non-alchoholic <propfemale>! but the danzig will help "
is slowly transforming into <propfemale> lebowski   
didn't drink on halloween for the first time in several years    still had fun 
is figuring out which records to listen to today as she tidies her house and prepares to go back to work   
"\    an errant dog who ocassionally needs a shorter leash   \"""""
nanowrimo    here we go 
just put 'interstella 5555' in her netflix queue! f'n sweet   
"that's right, philly!  <propmale> <propfirst> is totally my new not-so-secret-super-crush  two words: dream   boat "
"walked home from work and fell off a crack in the sidewalk  now she's drifting in a between space that meets real-time at a 36 degree <propfemale>, but only once out of every nine rotations  there is nothing to do in the half gravity of this state but kick leaves and pixellate the stoplights "
"shouts out: hey, who wants to be the lucky som' bitch to do some first friday <propmale> walkin' with me??  there may be some fantastic random theatre afterwards "
just saw the reigning sound tour dates    (a very heavy sigh )
just called her congressman  he did not answer his phone  this is no surprise 
"time to write a scene, aka: pull it like taffy from my lockjawed mind   "
": scene finished! i have butterflies in my stomach  its been a while since that happened  i must love writing, or something  gee   "
"needs a new desk writing chair! anyone have a smallish, over-stuffed armchair they want to get rid of? i don't want swivels, or wheels, or any of that shit  just a comfy fuckin' chair "
"doesn't care if it rains today! she's got an umbrella  she can still see <propmale> and drink wine  it's friday night, damnit "
is drawing cartoon t-rexes 
gets totally blown away by the brilliance of <propmale> drake 
":  saturday baking? why yes, i think i will!"
maybe will write more play tonight?
"hates alltell  and blackberry phones  and technology in general  notice: i no longer have anyone's phone number!  not anymore, and from now on!  if you want me to ever call you ever, you have to send me your digits, with first and last name attached   (fiy- this is for people who know that i may actually want to call them, and they know who they are ) all the rest of you: buh bye, suckas!"
hates holiday shopping season too!
just read an entire novel in one sitting   that hasn't happened in a very long time 
full!
"still don't have anyone's phone <propfirst>  send me a text message, tell me who the hell you are "
"is putting it out there: huge feast for thanksgiving  if you need some food lovin', give a call  may involve crazy parents "
is stuck with a sore throat  also not happy about cleaning up her house 
anger! stuffy itchy nose! anger! alltel! anger!!    tired    frown 
loves lost  still awesome the second time around 
had a fantastic time at fantastic mr  fox  another gold <propfemale> for <propmale>!
"good times tonight: killer deal on ski gear, fun book club discussion, and a karaoke going away party! no wonder i am sleepy pants "
had cake and wine for dinner  with no guilt 
"will not  be friends with brody effing jenner, even when facebook suggests it every single effing time i log on "
nap
woo hoo for an awesome day of skiing!! who's gonna be too sore to climb stairs tomorrow? this girl 
doesn't want to leave her house tomorrow    too cold!
its so cold!
": \they'll never give you walt \"""""
"has \in the hall of the mountain king\"" stuck in her head     why?"""
"t-<propmale>, or t  <propmale>? life's decisions are so difficult!"
"currently can't write to save a bug  and what is the point? my theatre is cheap!!!  its all so cheap and meaningless, and in general? the truth, is that we have killed <propmale>  all the beautiful things that you all believe in are better represented in a photograph or a song than on stage "
"it's official: <propmale> alpert and the <propfemale> brass just saved christmas, and my attitude "
hungover  jolly jolly jolly  lots of stuff to do today  gotta get off facebook 
wrapping christmas presents 
<propmale> bacharach!
"2010: older, wiser and more reckless? check   2011? kinder, freer, more spontaneous!"
has just had her mind totally blown by <propmale> young's 'trans ' it's seriously the coolest thing she's discovered in the last two weeks 
"so many awesome things: 1) <propmale> dickins is my friend, and doing really well for himself  2) <propmale> young is totally badass  3) the oatmeal's grammar-awesome <propfemale> on facebook has a t <propmale> on it "
has got her facts learned real good right now 
grocery shopping!
time to brave the ice and traffic in order to supply basic needs  ever wonder what it would be like to be a three-toed sloth? meee toooo 
misses <propmale> 
is fried    and drinking hot cocoa 
"for cathy: \i kicked your mom in a hole because i'm sexy and i do what i want \"""""
is counting how many times <propfirst> miller uses the word 'ennui' in tropic of cancer 
just signed up to volunteer at the bsdff! yay for documentaries!
would like to thank eveyone for the wonderful birthday wishes! they were very sweet 
is going to graceland 
has got diamonds on the soles of her shoes  on her way to graceland 
venn diagrams: act 1 finished at 40 pages  anyone interested in reading it while i write act 2?
"needs to see 'black dynamite' as soon as possible, please "
has got double vision 
three days until lost!!!!!
is waiting 
"is ready to be done with virus city  it's time to adopt some stringent preventative measures  there will be medicinal teas and tinctures, there will be sanitizers, there will be more sleep  there will not be blood, 'cause that is like, so two years ago   "
"not okay with yet another facebook change  if you can't navigate properly through your muscle memory, then change is faulty  faulty change!"
just urbaned herself: <propfemale> :  a girl's name for the coolest person you will ever meet  1  i wish i was <propfemale>  2  <propfemale> is great  2  <propfemale>   purely perfect   -gorgeous   -hot   -lovely    -just generally amazing really  hmm    this is all right with me; there must be some pretty awesome <propfemale>s out there  but for you traditionalists:   kaet: kaet isn't defined yet 
"'what's on my mind,' facebook?  what's not on my mind! i mean, really   "
the mighty boosh 
"is kind of (actually, more like very) in love with the album arm's way  don't really get how it was so critically misunderstood  it has everything! even the who!"
is calling it: lone wolf  and it's okay 
"new saturday morning cartoon lifestyle: replace cartoons with cooking and home improvement shows in one's late 20s  turns out, contemporary children's programming is pretty shitty; i feel much better about learning to make a killer bunt cake and lay sod "
"fell in love with a dead man today  happy 200th birthday, <propmale> chopin! you still rock my world, two centuries later "
writing 
"something sparkly and awesome came in the mail, finally! totally geeked for august 30th "
<propfemale> food  <propfemale> beer  a play about montana  sore legs 
"boy, you're gonna <propfemale> that weight, <propfemale> that weight a long time    [cue trumpet ]"
up too late for a sunday night! time for bed 
"okay friends: wanted- three (3) actor-types to do a ten minute play about tough love in the zombie apocalypse  rehearsal: easy, at my house, during the evenings night on weekdays (maybe some weekends) i'm way flexible  2 men, 1 woman  gimme a shout if you are interested  we'll maybe need seven nights: five to rehearse, two to show  show in late april  hells yes!"
"just cast a play from the m    only in missoula, baby "
"ok! so apparently my play is not cast yet  i still need a good man to step forward, who actually has the month of april fairly open for an hour here and ther in the evenings, and  a ten minute peice of time april 28 and 29   also,  good woman    ?"
"needs one actor-man with a little extra time to be neurotically hilarious in my play    show not until late april! c'mon, it's only ten pages!"
"a lazy saturday, filled with season 1 of the west wing, and perhaps a long bicycle ride  rock show later! it's going to be totally tits "
ooohhhh     electric six  why are you so amazing?? i ache for the rock today 
"- eyes burn = time for bed  was going to treat myself to a thrilling night of <propfemale>'s baby, but making pizzas with my friends got in the way  oh well    another lovely monday awaits!"
"all in all a good evening: hour @ the gym, delicious home-made fried rice, and clean dishes  now: a cup of tea and <propfemale>'s baby!"
"fuck you, american idol  how dare you and your overblown self-importance take over lost's timeslot? i had to watch a heartbreaking documentary about whale hunting instead  thank god for public televison "
loves stretching 
wants to go look at <propmale> this friday  who wants to join her?
tweed 
yay for craft day! one jacket and two earrings: done 
cold     as      iiice! you know you are!
booze and information 
"did not buy a new car battery today  instead, she went to the record store and spent the same amount of money on: purple rain, graceland, <propfirst> holliday, the ventures, the pretenders (singles), help, and a hard day's night  she is not guilty at all "
just saw <propmale> watts bring an awesome opening show to conan in spokane  team coco is on fire tonight! more to come 
just realized she never needs to hear 'sweet home alabama' again as long as she lives 
"   my money  i'm smokin' endo and sippin' on gin and juice, whilst rollin down the street, in case you wanted to know, facebook    also, i'm pretty laid back "
wishes everyone a happy free comic book day!
back to work! four more hours till nap time!
sharia don't like it 
"didn't get to run in the rain tonight  she's kinda disappointed  her legs are ecstatic, though   "
"shakespeare, film noir, rock and roll, politics, napping and the shit-show still going on in the gulf of mexico "
"is sad that her friends can no longer be in a fantastic band together  where else will she get to hear songs about vampires, zombies and big trouble in little <propfemale>? good luck with black rooster, count  whomever they may be "
": well, whiskey    you won last night  you totally won "
no hangover today means the summer of gin is off to a fantastic start! time to run a mile and go to yet another birthday party 
"a good sunday    relaxing, mildly concerning, generally enjoyable "
is writing a play   
mmm    scones 
realizes it was just her imagination    running away with her 
"currently having a lovely morning at mid-day: featuring the musical stylings of the pretenders, french press coffee, eggs and some 'internetworking '  if only she got paid for this "
wonders how she can be bored on a sunday night    there must be something she isn't thinking of 
looks forward to another week full of adventure!
"has the theme from 'brazil' stuck in her head, and it's driving her totally  insane "
"would love three totally awesome actors to contact her about a new piece of 10-minute madness she is bringing to no shame theatre this friday night  she needs one brave man and two sexy ladies   also, fellow artists to show up and give feedback!"
"is having a reading of her latest 10 minute play tonight  fans of whiskey and heartache, this one's for you  10 surprise 0 pm, <propfemale> theatre  free! please come!"
"didnt get up until 1 surprise 0 pm today, when she got a surprise visit from her mother! good for moms to know how much she still lives like a bachelor  now that it's 4, the action is really going to take off, though:  a run, cat-sitting, and perhaps her very own copy of 'crooked rain crooked rain' on vinyl!"
just scored her favorite pavement album and dark side of the <propfemale> for an awesome price  today's been a great day for records 
is sleepy    ready to have some tea and go to bed   
eureka! breakthrough: achieved!
"'s new house guest does not understand that the desk is for writing plays, not sleeping on  and now he's drinking out of her water glass!!"
is e playful anding her farsi vocabulary   
is in sweet potato heaven right now 
"attention- those of you who were at my reading last friday: i'm keeping the original title  if you object to this, comment now or forever hold your peace "
needs a friend with a printer to help her out tonight
has so much to do!
needs to lay down in a cool dark place 
thinks thursday was not enough; someone definitely short changed her on her thursday  except having dinner with <propfemale>  that was worth two thursdays 
"says: \bring on the heartbreak \"" she just found a killer <propmale> young compilation lp and can totally take it """
absolutely loves running in the rain 
is running up that hill 
"important: if anyone has any new news on the story about the missing plane from kalispell (other than the news story itself) carrying two missoula men and two reporters for the daily interlake, they need to contact me immediately  thanks "
"is frustrated   those of you who pray,  pray for <propmale> and the passengers of the plane still lost  thank you "
is sad  didn't quite know what grief was until today 
"would like to sincerely thank everyone who's been supportive this last week  it is now time to move forward! there is positive change to facilitate, reactions to catalize, bicycles to ride, cars to drive, roses to smell,  and    life  that is what there is right now, and right now is all there ever truly is "
"fixed her car yesterday, re-registered it and bought insurance  it is now again ready to make the kestle run in less than twelve parsecs  unless she runs into imperial entanglements first "
"would like to sleep more than 3 hours a night    how can we make that happen? god brahman universe, i'm counting on you  and then i'm counting f*ing sheep "
likes hammering nails and spackling walls  especially while listening to the kinks 
"is definitely a sorceress, thank you  no <propfemale> attributes here "
jazz and heat  and doing my dishes 
is going to the 72nd national folk festival tomorrow in butte mt   it's the day of awesome international folk traditions and it's going to be a great adventure!
is listening to t-rex after a lovely day 
"control! must excercise control    focus, meditate, ah  yes, there it is: impermanence "
hydration    and a bit of duress 
should be sleepin'  ok    get off the face suck    before it impregnates me with an alien    ok   
has the hesitation blues   
wins  totally wins! and it's awesome 
"still doesn't get rush    sorry, count "
"is in the act of some rest, research, recovery and reflection  it's sure been an amazing two weeks   "
is in the midst of a miraculous e playful erience   
"went to do laundry this afternoon and was denied by the super perky green hanger chick  apparently, only the early birds get to exchange debit for cash to put on their green hangar cards  speaking of birds, kaet almost flipped one to the laundrogirl  instead, she went and had ice cream  life became better shortly after this, and then kaet did some real work    right after venting on facebook  the end "
is so ready for the week to be over  but first! some awkward conversations to be had  next: rewarded with cherries and a handsome man   
is waist deep in noir dialogue  next up: calling everyone '<propmale> '
just got a surprise dinner-time visit! and it totally rocked 
is discovering writing under a deadline with a head cold is not fun    is it nap time yet?
vacation has never been so palpable    and so necessary 
"new draft of \the doppelganger\"": finished   more script analysis today  and a letter to write    two letters   """
chores 
"morning with <propmale> drake and coffee  there are dishes and laundry to wash, but from behind my coffee mug they look like strange wildlife which i am content to look at, but not touch "
"okay everyone    i got a completely new phone, and now have a new phone number  it's in my info space, if you care to see it  but at least i've let everyone know   "
: yay for reading!
is being a super nerd  learning different approaches to making theatre = way fun  next up: formulating her own theories on recognized technique and readying those for some delicious practical application!
wonders when she gets to be a writer again   
is taking it to the limit!
"weltschmerz  \(thanks <propfemale>  i've been wondering what it was hanging on my soul all these years    )"
the madness of theatre
doesn't get out of her bathrobe on sunday until 2 surprise 0pm if she can help it  today's plan: listening to all of her pixies lps and new x collection while doing directing prep 
loves the internet 
rehearsals start tonight  let the magic begin 
"made a mistake by staying too long at karaoke, and now is having trouble getting to sleep without her favorite sleeping <propmale>   "
"is exhausted, but still running  'keepers' opens november 4th, folks: blood, sweat, tears, and human trafficking "
"has news: doppelganger cancelled tonight  instead, she now gets to ruminate about her career in theatre and what the hell she thinks she's doing "
productivity v  free time
"still looking for her bicycle  sorry, no pictures, but it is a dark green women's 1973 suburban, in original (slightly chipped) powdercoat and decals, with two silver fold-up panniers on the sides, two thick bike locks that probably can't come off, and an original seat that has a yellow sticker on it, but probably the yellow sticker has been removed "
official starting time for fun autumn celebrating and pumpkin carving werewolf-y bar mitzvahingness: 8 surprise 0 pm  call 552-2230 for details 
is limbering up for the big race!
"to the asshole who stole my bike last week: thanks for bringing it back  i'm glad you noticed it's pretty useless to try and take those massive locks off, though i see from the saw marks that you tried pretty hard to get away with it  but the breaks    cutting my front break line was just a shitty thing to do  you asshole   you're gonna get it some day "
"keepers is now open for public consumption!     come see it tonight, and tues nov  9 through saturday nov 13th!"
"is holding auditions for larke schuldberg's sound of planes december 6th  it's a beautiful show, and would like you all to attend  all of you "
is still exhausted   
needs a stage manager for sound of planes    who wants some awesome theatre e playful erience?
sound of planes auditions are december 5th! <propfemale> theatre  1 minute contemporary serious monologue  visit mat site or call me for details 
"has safely returned from two days of camping in the wilderness! awesome fun times were had, and now she will be available to answer any emails and phone calls "
"is putting it up to a facebook survey: \where should i go skiing saturday? lost trail or lookout pass?\"""""
"auditions for \sound of planes\"" are today from 5 surprise 0-9 surprise 0 pm at the <propfemale> theatre! don't forget!"""
is on her thinking couch 
"is so close to finding her cast    not so close to getting her house clean, though  c'est la vie "
"has a great cast for sound of planes! starts rehearsals tomorrow, and is so excited  thanks to everyone who auditioned, there were some tough choices to be made "
is back from the gated communities of southern arizona 
is excited for rehearsal tonight!
"now knows it's possible to get a christmas present that both makes you smile and then cry really hard    life is, at times, so beautiful it hurts you "
gunna go to rehearsal! gunna sing a song about it! (and also drink coffee   ) doot <propfirst> doot dooo 
hmmm    to go or not to go to my 10 year high school reunion? thank god i have about 3 months to decide   
"the jig is up! the news is out! they finally faaooound me, the renegade who had it made  betrayed for a baaoouunty  never more to go astray, it'll be the end today of the waaanted maaaan!  yeah  take that, guys "
"let the healing begin  it's a big wish, but i gotta put all the positive and hopeful vibes out that i can   "
so much love on my birthday! thanks!!
"the best part of my birthday: how many different people chose to take the time to post birthday wishes on my wall  they are so great, guys, thanks!! the second best part of my birthday: having an easy cue-to-cue  3 hours, 44 light cues, no wax on the birthday cake  i am satisfied "
sound of planes  come and see it  this week and next: wednesday through saturday 
hot child in the city!
is pretty bummed she can't see yo la tengo tonight  but commitments are commitments 
loves npr  and wants everyone to speak to their representatives about supporting workers' rights to unionize 
"so, the only thing to cheer me up is a solid dose of community  i'd totally sleep with <propmale>, but i think i'd actually date abed "
"what the f@#k, red wisconsin senators? there was a clear line, and you just crossed it by trampling over the will of your constituents  \foul!\"""""
dried cranberries and raisins: nature's fruit snacks  delicious!
"live \arsenic and old lace\"" update: show has been running for 2 minutes on a sunday afternoon  \",07257430b296803f1b4c5dc187e3bd41,has a night off! wooo hooo! time to write!
"a&ol live update: what do young crotchety men and old crotchety men have in common? zach smith in \arsenic and old lace\"" this week march 31 though april 3 """
another hilarious performance by the cast of arsenic tonight  sold out show and another standing ovation   there is a reason this play still gets done 
"a&o l live update: what do beef broth, hot-cops and the song \funky town\"" have in common?  come see 'arsenic and old lace' saturday night and sunday afternoon to find out!"""
"doesn't even know what it is she's waiting for, and has no idea why she's waiting any more "
needs to drink tonight when the show is over  who would like to join her?
packing shit    moving stuff  putting on a movie while i do it  which movie do i pick??
"the morris-steelman household is now fully operational! (it does still look like the new death <propfemale> in 'jedi,' however )"
really wanted to write on her play tonight  alas    it was not in the cards 
doesn't know what happens next 
is hacking and slashing the <propfemale> play  hack! slash!!
hooray masochism!
wants it to get better 
doesn't care about bin laden 
bowie therapy  it exists: i'm using it  right now 
just got her first credit card ever  and buzzards have already started circling   
"\rough winds do shake the darling buds of may\"""""
is amazed at what is left after one self-induces a personal earthquake 
has had an amazing adventure  now it's time to make her life more like it 
"attention world: two beautiful people, now married  i'm still thinking about their brilliant definition of love "
"wake up, eat, go to work  come home, play with cat, write  make yourself sleep  wake up, eat, go to work, come home, play with cat, write  make yourself sleep  wake up, eat, go to work, come home, play with cat, write  make yourself shower  make yourself sleep "
silly internet browser
a first draft of a new full-length play is one week from completion 
needs a ride to the airport at 10 surprise 0 am on saturday 7 2  which one of my friends would like to help a girl out?
has found a ride to the air port  but mor importantly: life is really good right now  i wanna spread it around!
"i'm sooo haapppyyy  i'm gonna go to portland tomorrooww and see the love of my liiife!! (this message has been typed whilst singing and dancing  if you don't like it, you can collectively go to hell  happy butterfly smile ) lalalalallalllaaallalalaaa "
back to the grind 
has her ticket to the rite 
"love and burning men, and concentric circles that overlap, and bees, and so many hours of typing still to go   "
short story about the death of a woody-allen robot: accomplished  next up: quantum physics research and many revisions to venn diagrams before draft 2 goes into circulation  giddy-up 
"thinking about ice cream, but the line is oh so long   "
"quantum physics vs human nature   on your <propfirst>, get set    parabolize!"
"who has a car (automatic) in decent shape that would let me pay them $200 00 to drive it to <propfemale> over labor day weekend?  i'm serious, people   i have insurance and a good driving record  any takers?"
"band i was given: devo\song i love: girl u want\song i like: gut feeling slap your mammy\song i hate: workin' in a coal mine\\like this post and i'll give you a band "
"just danced on a bus for three hours, after having a fantastic evening of <propmale> and interesting new people  i have the best life  thank you to all who are in it "
i'm going to burning man 
just found out she knows how to watusi 
"have finished draft 2 of venn diagrams  wheew! 2 days off, then on to draft 3   "
"go to your profile  look to your left  first five friends are your zombie apocalypse team \\sidekick: nate biehl\heavy weapons: <propmale> reimers\the idiotic one that survives: <propfirst> rose-rice\the brains: <propfemale> yazzolino\the first to die: <propfemale> hart\\note: i have a pretty awesome team! @<propfirst>: i don't believe it  @<propfemale>: how do you want it? slow and painful last-minute-must-kill, or \put me out of my misery"," morris; i'll only slow you down\""?\"07257430b296803f1b4c5dc187e3bd41,oh my god    burning man  i have 14 days 
"is still looking for a couple of burning man tickets, for all who may not be making it this year    shout me out!"
"is lucky  yes, that's right  she is surrounded by wonderfulness  let's all celebrate!"
is on an 80's music kick    make that an 80's music high-kick in legwarmers and pumps 
hurt 
"oh, the re-writing  also: anyone who'd like to give me dinner monday and tuesday would get my undying gratitude, my fantastic company and a haiku  i need all my grocery money for burning man "
"my awesome friend <propfirst> mcafee just got a ticket to burning man! hooray! now he can be my copilot, bring awesome-sweet tunes and my mom won't worry about me  at the burn in 3 days "
"tonight's laundry and quantum electro-dynamics playlist: the ventures, the go go's, devo, cheap trick to start it off   "
"ah, nothing like a little firefly and tutu-sewing to end the evening "
"hi faceland  i have a note about my vacation on my <propfemale>, since my real update was too large "
"how is it that i keep falling in love with my play again and again? but it is love: i know it from the heart palpitations and the <propfemale> smile i find myself wearing when i clean up a moment, or messy-up an emotional response  the process is    delicious  yeah, it's totally love, guys  magic "
"uh oh    reality is flexing its existential muscles again  must remember to breathe, and sleep  i can do this "
first rehearsal today! i have such awesome people working on my play  i am the luckiest woman 
all situations in life can be best e playful lained through top gun metaphors 
has a wicked cold  stupid fall season viruses! (kicks the carpet in her slippers for emphasis)
should quit while she's ahead  right? am i right?
warning: if you see a link that offers you free tracks from nickleback's new album do not click on it  it goes to a link with free tracks from nickleback's new album  **please repost**
i am so lucky!
just had a great weekend 
hot off the life-fashion press: emotional masochism is out  selective optimism? so in 
"shit! spoke too soon  emotional masochism is still way in  like skinny jeans, we can only ride this out   "
is over it 
"just scored loaded, surfer <propfemale>, and sandinista for 30 buckaroos  today is a good day "
started the juilliard app today  whew   
"recovery prescription #2: sushi, followed by a bourbon and gingerale on the porch with the pipe  while listening to beirut "
will sleep on sunday  it is decided 
"i am blessed with amazing people in my life: they help me create <propmale>, celebrate my successes, and keep me thinking and discovering humanity  to the many outstanding folk i've spoken with and seen this week: thank you, from the bottom of my he<propmale> "
dear monday night: thank you for being completely fantastic  tuesday morning is now magical because of you 
hi there! would anyone who owns a video camera be interested in filming my play friday or saturday night? you can see it for free and i would be really greatful!!
"couldn't properly identify an elm leaf just now  i'm slipping    time to go on a field trip, kids!"
    is such a fool!
"still revelling in the joyful satisfaction of cooking a meal for friends  thank you, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale> and <propfirst> for totally making my sunday night! i could probably do it more than once a week "
"guess what, nature? i got a big fucking mirror  and i'm comin' at you, hot "
"is spending the evening baking and thinking about how many of her role models, friends, colleagues and loves-of-her-life are also brave men and women who are out in the world  and what is the best thing about baking coming out? being piping hot and delicious "
