8a8af46f2d36f30255948ebf8d473024
"no one is worth your tears, and the one who is won't make you cry   "
enjoy what you can    endure what you must 
"omg!!! i should listen to my instincts  got on the wrong freeway this morning, everything in me knew that this, of all the days i've ridden in the hov <propfirst>, would be the day i got busted  now, here i sit, $124 lighter, and late for work "
"i am confused by what i did to deserve today     when i got to work my computer moniter wouldn't turn on, i questioned a doctor about whether or not she worked here, and then i dropped and broke my cup, and i am covered with water  perhaps i should have stayed home  it's only 8:16 "
"as i lay down, i lay with a quiet mind tonight~"
life is sooo much harder without my hov <propfirst>  but now i'm hella spooked  damn law enforcement!!!!
"my heart is heavy, my brain won't shut up, and my eyes are refusing to stay dry     please please let them take care or my baby "
"my world seems very upside down right now, i hate not being in control of it  probably nothing a little hennessy can't fix    i hope"
gettin ready to rip and run    watch out seattle!!!
missing clocking in    having a hard time trying to stay busy
"we always squeeze the tightest, right before we let go   "
touched down in the ak    it all looks the same   but i am still juiced to be here    
trying to see what we gonna get into tonight 
all i can say is woooowwww    is it real?
i like it on the floor behind the passenger seat   
i like it on the floor behind the passenger seat
why why why is my life always such an uphill battle? i am staying in alaska until november 1st people    well those of you that care  see you when i get back 
it's colder than snowman piss here    uuuuhhhhgggg!!!!
mmmm    12cm
"please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice -people who are gay are not looking for a cure, they are looking foracceptance and equal rights   will you make it your status for at least one hour? promote love &acceptance! not hate"
i am the ultimate creation of time and circumstance     
"it is better to be hated for who i am, than loved for who i am not "
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for campaign for cancer prevention  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64202?bws=st
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for campaign for cancer prevention  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64202?bws=st
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for campaign for cancer prevention  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64202?bws=st
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for campaign for cancer prevention  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64202?bws=st
today is my birthday and i'm raising money for campaign for cancer prevention  click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 64202?bws=st
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  my wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is nothing to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% of people    won't copy and paste this, they have already been eaten by dragons "
"what is the point in pretending you are something that your not? in the end, doesn't the truth about you always come to light? say what you mean, and mean what you say    it's pretty simple "
the only difference between people in jail and outta jail is that some of us took a short cut through hell on our way to heaven 
the words you speak today should be soft and tender    for tomorrow you may have to eat them    
you must be the change you want to see in the world   
"no matter what you do, or how hard you try, you cannot turn a hoe into a housewife    "
at times i wish i could change the past   but sometimes the past changes you 
"you always say you hate to see me hurt, and you hate to see me cry  so all those times that you hurt me, did you close your eyes?"
i cried today    not because i miss you    or even wanted you    but because i realized i'm gonna be all right without you 
don't <propmale> 'em    replace 'em!!!
rum and sprite
"life is not the breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away   "
"isn't it ironic ? we ignore the ones who adore us, adore the ones who ignore us, love the ones who hurt us, and hurt the one who love us   "
crazy tired   
i am the craps <propfemale>!!!!!
"all i can say is    why?????? when will i learn? and why does learning have to feel like my heart is dying, and my very breath is being stolen away?"
"do you believe it's true that there is somebody for everybody? if so, how come there wasn't one made for me?"
what good are the words if you never really mean them?
