3810ccc511409f0cbf4f87c250b0f74b
hum ho nothing!
"is pissed  if white trash ho's would just keep their legs closed, then my kid and i wouldn't have to deal with the products of their loins "
"although the books he'd been consulting all said that booze was a vastly overrated cure for sleeplessness - that it often made the problem worse instead of better, in fact - <propmale> had tried it just the same "
"'s kid got bit in the face by a dog, and it has been a nightmare!"
hopes she can find a babysitter for a couple weeks from now!
woo hoo! (am i the only abc network's tgif dork that is reminded of <propfemale> the teenage witch every time someone says that?)
"is home, for today anyway  leaving again tomorrow! camping was fun until it rained!!"
"aw, that sucks  i'm all out of pizza rolls "
wishes she still had a home phone to make all these blasted calls with 
"is anyone else having some interesting things happen on this home<propfemale>? like, one minute i log in and there are all sorts of new updates from people, then if i come back later, they've disappeared and the <propfemale> has gone back in time to like yesterday, or even the day before  my brain wonders why    "
"i wish it was october  no reason really, other than the picture on my calendar for october is nice to look at "
i didn't realize how cool i was until i started laughing really high-pitched while shooting <propfemale> coke out my nose 
getting fatter by the second 
"how did we meet? everyone play the game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to see how you met and know each of your friends!!!"
hmmm cake  sugar sugar yum yum 
my mommy is coming tomorrow  laugh 
i never did get that pony
"if anyone wants to watch me tweet, i can be found on twitter  name's roxypickle  would be nice to have followers i actually know  laugh "
"<propfemale> the pooh dvd, you are such an effective babysitter  i'm the best mom in the world "
*ahem*
i call bulls**t
there's always so much cleaning to do!
disappointed in modern film-making  and sausage 
it makes my scalp all tingly 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status   then put the first entry for your name under comments "
toy story looks amazing on bluray 
my pure romance party is saturday  who's coming?
"registered for my last three classes, woo!"
i don't understand     earth has been here every day  earth was here before we were here to designate a day for it  is that like slowing down when you see a cop to avoid a speeding ticket?
i think i have a wii so i can check the weather at a glance on my tv 
i am hungry 
sleep is what's for dinner 
"can't read my, can't read my, no you can't read my poker face "
is it friday yet?
i just got fresh cut grass sprayed in my face from a guy mowing the lawn across the street  yay hives!
i wouldn't have nothin' if i didn't have you
"rain, rain     i would tell you to go away, but i kinda like you being here "
"ok, so there are people getting arrested on my porch  people i don't even know  i love this neighborhood "
why does going to bed early always backfire?
my tummy hurts  sad 
tired and in a considerable amount of pain  i apologize to anyone i have or will take this out on!
actually kind of enjoying the rain       gives me an excuse to do nothing with my hair!
gurgle gurgle roooooaarrrrr gurgle bloob bloop gurgle roar!!
too much sun for these buns!
*nom nom nom nom*
i think i'm gonna delete my myspace  it's just sentimental at this point i think  anyone got a good reason not to?
"my computer has a remote but it never controls anything to do with my computer; however, i did just find out that it controls my xbox "
i wish i was a dog so that i would have a tail to wag to let you know how happy i am to see you 
officially not on myspace anymore
"alright well, since i don't have myspace anymore, i reckon i should do some work on my facebook  brace yourselves, i apologize ahead of time for the flood coming your way --- unless i lose ambition, in which case i apologize for being a liar "
"what a blah day this has turned out to be, and now my chest hurts "
"you know, enchiladas weren't such a great idea after all "
"<propfemale> is what, like 4? why do her parents let her go e playful loring by herself, or worse, with a monkey that wears rain boots?"
"finally, a holiday i can get behind     happy summer solstice everyone!"
this is not the greatest song in the world     this is just a tribute 
why are my periods always early and my busses always late?
"sister\ week! if you have a sister who has ever made you laugh, wiped away your\ tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, seen you fail, cheered \you on, and kept you strong, copy and paste this on your status!! ?"
some days are all suck 
going to bed when there's still daylight?
headed to croswell tomorrow morning!
home!     and ready to face plant in my own bed!
i wish it was nap time 
software deficient!
"taking advantage of extra credit in a class you already have 100% in may seem silly, but i did it anyway "
incompetent fools!
eating <propmale> 'n cheese made me feel so gross!
"so, i finished a big project  shouldn't i be able to sleep now?"
i watch lame tv 
you look so fine that i really wanna make you mine!
"tut tut, it smells like earthworms!"
"i was just told i <propfemale> in the sunshine  uh oh, they're on to me    "
"dear <propfemale> gonzalez,\i don't know if there's a heaven or a hell, but wherever you've gone to i hope this note finds you well \my heart aches for your children and your family and friends, but may time heal all wounds and bring them peace again \rest in peace and you will be missed "
"i want to buy some books, please "
so who wants some damn yummy cookies?
break-taking = motivation killer *sigh*    back to work!
"you spin me right 'round, baby, right 'round "
"\there once was an entomologist who found a bug he couldn't classify - so he stepped on it \"" (e r  hilgard)"""
"oh man, it's monday!"
"well, going to the bank was a fail  guess it's time to make some dinner!"
i've come to the conclusion that facebook is depressing 
"dear mosquitoes,\please stop biting me on the ass \thanks,\<propfemale>"
random observation: being fat is hard on shoes 
i have happy boobs ^ ^
"i just saw the biggest guy riding the smallest (purple) bike  ah, college town, i love you so "
"if you don't change direction, you'll end up where you're heading "
"is it sad that i *really* like the music in the backyardigans? the plots may be weak, the dialogue corny, but man those kids can sing!"
craving a cheeseburger    
loving this weather!
i'm thinking today calls for some chili 
"hey, sleep! remember me? we used to be such good friends! why do you tease me so?"
"well, the pool's draining  guess that means this weather is sticking around (yay)!"
"my kid's eating like i've never fed him before  three dinners later, he wants a snack "
"oh rockband, how i've missed you!"
i love kindergarten
"you know, i'm just tired, and that makes me tired of being tired     it's a vicious cycle "
it's a rather blustery day!
on a date with mr  clean     don't tell my boyfriend!  joyful 
"i had the intent of taking a nap  i laid in my bed and did everything right except one thing     i brought my phone  damn you, facebook!"
i like it on the stairs
i'm so glad i found my ace of base cd ^-^
the guy sitting next to me on the bus takes creepy old people to a whole new level!
"here's to hoping that homework will seem more appealing than sleep tonight, because it hasn't the past few     "
totally just conducted an in-person conversation as though i was on the phone!
what is it about me that small children find so fascinating?
"finally, after 25 years, i like my hair "
soda is the devil
post this to your status and see what people say; i love your _________ 
i always forget how terrible pumpkin smells when it's cooking until i'm elbow-deep in the process of cooking it 
i seriously need to stop injuring myself all the time 
you don't even know how much my foot hurts right now  sad 
"omg charter, get your shit together!"
"i'm so over writing papers all the time  if only my instructors could get over it, too "
"our christmas tree is lit up like vegas, just how i like it  laugh "
"*sigh* trying to fight the butter-buying compulsion, and failing  running out of places to put all that butter    "
"so, i don't get my financial aid to buy books until next week, but i'm e playful ected to read the first four chapters now  dilemma, dilemma "
feeling a little bit like swiss cheese
it should be against the law to have to get up before 8 a m 
"finished my homework for last week this morning  *sigh of relief*     but wait! just logged into my classes, and i have twice as much to do this week! so excited!"
