1691469e8ec924fc28ae9b654effe24d
wants college to start again
just got my computer back but lost a lot of data  could use some serious e playful ertise right now 
i'll see u all tomorrow at oswego guys!
ready to go home
"already back and nothing seems to change, for better and worse "
"question to all: since ff13 is already out and ff14 looks like another version of 11, my question is for ff15, would you prefer a fantasy (knights and princesses) or a sci-fi game (spaceships and robots)?"
"i can't stand this constant feeling of rejection i keep getting from these meetings i get  i'm the only one tonight again!! truth time, people, should i continue this anymore? i just can't stand feeling rejected  i know, i sound melodramatic and emo, but please tell me: am i wrong for feeling this way? and if so, can you give suggestions on how to make my club better? i just can't keep being ignored "
don't forget to see fantastic mr  fox and coraline in the campus center room 137 at 3 pm today!
who would be good voices to play <propfemale> and aqua in bbs?
hoping that the rain will fucking go away >(
"great movie, great day, thank god for <propfemale>!  smile "
"feel like total crap, today is not my day "
does anyone have a dvd of up or ratatouille for me to borrow for the night?
is angry and needs something to punch  any suggestions?
where is everybody? r we doing iron man 2moro or not??
will anyone trade pokemon with me later i want to evolve something?
apparently a rumor appeared that <propmale> nemoy would aka spock would voice xehanort for birth by sleep 
"bored as fuck so 2 all my friends enjoy ur summer! 2 those who truly give a damn about my advise: if a movie with animals of any kind features a famous actor, they r most likely sell outs, love ur parents so u get into the will before the time comes  smile , trust urself in any decision u make because lets face it its ur life don't fuck it up, n above all, any problem in life can always be solved with bacon pizza"
needs to find something fun to do  suggestions?
"what would you guys say that after i try to become a teacher, i try to become an animator?"
so square enix and sony playstation are being sued since ff13 destroys ps3 consoles 
"just finished the last chapter of full metal alchemist  gotta say, as endings go, pretty damn good   smile "
"question because i'm bored: of all ff games, which one had the best battle system?"
"since that last one was actually pretty funny, how about this: which ff has the best storyline, counting the online ones and the spin-offs? because my top 3 are ff tactics, ff6 and ff13 "
"bored, here's something new: name the greatest moment you can think of in one piece! mine: when nico <propfirst> cries out that she wants to live!"
i've just learned about a show that has dwarves saving dogs  television fails so much!
damn  one manga is ending  no more free manga  sad 
"does anyone know how to edit manga pages or what stuff i would use to do it? \really appreciate it "
"just came to say i'm sorry i haven't been able to talk to anyone lately  been dealing with a lot of shit in my life, but all of it will be worth it if i can get back to my friends  smile  thanks for putting up with the weirdness that is cappy "
"so, here's something new, since i'm boreded: what is your favorite non-square rpg?"
wants to rule the world  then poptarts  preferably smores  whats ur favorite poptart flavors?
wants to minigolf like pre-tiger woods 
can't wait til 2moro!
a good birthday present would be coming to my club hint hint  smile 
feels like crap and feels like throwing up  sad  just one class today so skipping 
has a new-found respect for janitors 
just found out there is a high school of the dead anime  smile 
was hoping anyone wanted to <propfemale> out this weekend  smile 
wants something to look forward to   
"has a new sense of purpose and a new reason to fight  one door closes, another will open, and given time, it'll be so worth it  smile "
"adventure time, best moments: go!"
they just ditched the whole old email 4 oswego   that's gonna suck 4 some people  annoyed 
wondering how to not freak out about life anymore  annoyed 
plans to see something exciting at some point he doesn't quite know where yet
"put this on your status if you know or love \someone who is gay  my wish for 2011 is that people will understand that\ being gay is not a disease nor a choice--people who are gay are not \looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and \paste this  will you?"
"have me costume, free today, give me costume if wanna <propfemale>  smile "
has had enough of being pulled around by teachers who don't really care about him  the time for change is now!
"i need a ride back to <propmale>, ny, which is around chester poughkeepsie nyc orange county etc  if anyone has a car and or is going in that direction, i can pay gas and i pack light  smile  please respond!"
"if anyone is interested, who's going to the <propmale> potter movie? would love to go with others  smile "
does anyone live near nyc monroe middletown etc? i need a way back to oswego after thanksgiving badly!!!!!
"to all those i haven't seen, have a happy thanksgiving  smile "
"asking if there is anyone who is going all the way to oswego, i have money!!!! please!!!!"
"has a question: does anyone know if a <propmale> adapter for my laptop is e playful ensive and if i can get it at other places besides a <propmale> store? mine broke and i really need a new one soon  i know, everyone hates <propmale>s, but i really need this  thanks!"
"finally has computer and now has psychic moves! now, my ultimate technique: teleport! the greatest ability of any lazy man!!!!!!!!"
hoping for a better tomorrow!
bored so: favorite rpg characters besides the main hero heroine! go!
can't wait for this week to end  annoyed 
is free if anyone wants to <propfemale> out  smile 
has discovered the power of rockmelt and like!
is free to <propfemale> if anybody wants to!
wishes winter was over already  annoyed 
needs to get a new stylus for ds ) indecision 
"<propfemale> christmas, happy holidays, you folks know it all  smile ! everyone be happy!"
"doesn't know who watches doctor who, but saw christmas special and was wow! happy holidays all!"
wants to burn a movie from my <propmale> onto a blank memorex dvd-r but it won't let me! does anyone know a good program i can use or how to do it? please respond!
doesn't like home much  troubled 
"feels a mixture of fear and excitement, can't wait to c evryone"
will see you all tomorrow!
asks that u call out if u r back!
"some things different, some things the same, when will be content with both"
finally got doctor who series 5!
"needs to do something exciting, anybody have something they wanna do?"
"work sucked, dumped the mop bucket twice  sad  need a good sunday"
wants to do something amazing! interested anyone?
"i will find someone to join me at the village, rest assured  smile "
"going job hunting, here's hoping right?"
finally went to see rango! it was pretty good! now what else is there to see?
"bored, booooorrrreeedddd  so fricking bored"
one of my new favorite cartoons  smile 
sly cooper 4! woooo!
"feeling horrific, skipping class to go to work  sad "
