141073dc2f4b83dea6e9222351e2d89b
trying to still be super woman even when super sick
still trying to find my place in this world
shopping yesterday was crazy   got sum gud stuff for the kids tho 
give me these moments     give them back to me    give me that little kiss      give me your     give me your hand babe          <propmale>
just got back from super bingo      it was horrible    plus i didn't win a thing 
"i would love this weather if i could stay in, but it's like i'm a friggin taxi "
went to a christmas party at work tonight  everyone had so much fun 
off of work today watching scare tactics    so funny 
just watched new <propfemale>     it was sooo good 
had fun last night with the fam
wishing everyone a happy new year!
looks like nothing's gonna change       everything still remains the same       i can't do what ten people tell me to do     so i guess i'll remain the same           sitting here resting my bones    and this loneliness won't leave me alone  (sitting on the dock of the bay)       well  hopefully  2010 will be better
i think i need a drink
got one hour of sleep before having to come back to work
ohhh me oh me oh my
so many games      so little time     good night everybody 
i test drove a car today and it stopped on me   all the lights started coming on   the check engine light     the oil light     the brake light     the battery light   needless to say i did not get a car from that car lot 
i'm so stiff  i need a massage 
lookin forward to my 30th bday on sunday   man these years have flown by 
thank you for all the birthday wishes
doing my best to become completely independent
we won!!!  yay saints!!!
why do those women think they're really gonna find love on a reality show    it's a show people   the <propfirst> j reunion was crazy 
"i tried very hard not to cry like a baby in the movie theatre while watching dear <propfirst>  i did cry, but not like i would have if i would've watched it at home   lol   it was a very good movie "
my right hand is itching     where's my money???
bing da ding ding ding da <propfirst>    ding da ding ding ding
ok    i've finished reading twilight  now i'm halfway through new <propfemale>  i'm most likely gonna read eclipse again then finally breaking <propfemale>     smile 
"it's a quarter after one    i'm a little drunk and i need u now   yeah, i said i wouldn't call, but i'm a little drunk and i need u now   ( i can't get that song out of my head )"
questioning if being one of a kind is such a good thing
happy bday mom!!  i miss u and i luv u!!  trying my best not to feel down wishing that i could see ur face and hear ur voice again  wishing i could hug u tight and kiss ur cheek  i know that u r still present in our lives even though we can't see u  i luv u mom 
took the kids to the circus last night    they had so much fun
i tuk d kiddos to d fair tonight   man dat shit is e playful ensive   but dey had fun so dat's wat matters   gud night fb
i put my perm in tonight  thank god no hair started coming out llike last time  lol
it's time for some fucking serious changes
can't wait to get my laptop back 
just wright with <propfemale> latifa is a very good movie     a must see 
why do people try to force me to socialize? i'm a loner a social phobic  very awkward  if i'm not comfortable with something don't make me feel worse than i already feel  i've always been this way  if you don't like it stay away from me 
i'm watching the mtv awards   <propfirst> pattinson is soooo sexy   luv him 
is about to watch eclipse!!!
"is feeling great   it was a packed house last night watching eclipse   eclipse is so good   the best one so far   i'm planning to go see it again next week then again at the end of the month  <propmale> and <propfirst> are so hot   like <propfemale>, i'm team switzerland, lol "
is very happy to be finished moving 
"was rear ended two nights ago and the girl that hit me has insurance with the same company   so, it's such a big headache trying to deal with all this plus take care of myself and everyone else   **sighs**"
enjoying my night off   back to taking care of business tomorrow 
"is not into watching sports, but i must admit i did enjoy watching the game tonight   yay saints won!!!!!"
"good morning fb   i woke up feeling much worse than i've already been feeling   thank god i'm off the next two days   now i can nyquil it up, lol "
church was very good this morning   and it is very nice at the boardwalk   me and my boys saw jellyfish 
is almost finished reading the gospels of <propfirst> <propfemale>   it's a very good read 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
waiting to get off of work tonight so i can go straight to get my eclipse dvd 
why do some people feel they have to point out the obvious?  i need to lose weight?  you lyin!  i had no idea i'm fat!  i'm sooo glad you told me cause i would've never known 
i'm taking my kids to their grandma's today   they are staying the whole week   thank you jesus!
"time to move on, move forward, be healthy and be happy "
american idol     luvin it!!!
