a8f54d8a3d045a0b428ba5ad0c74bcc0
mmmm pudding cup
hmm    cruel intentions is on  forgot i had this soundtrack  not bad not bad
blah blah blah  rawr? omg me too!
yeah that hurt
"\everything was beautiful and nothing hurt\"""""
"delcares today \dont fall asleep by doing lots of random things day\"" and accidently froze some nutella  sad """
has been sleeping and watching psych all day
had a dream i went back to work at the bank *shudder* i do need to do something about my current employment situation however
sitting outside of starbucks  w tsa  had a nice walk  some girls are walking around w sunglasses on at this time of night  really?
"the birds say \pew pew\"""""
ugh
mmm team sleep  uugh work  what adventures will today hold?
4 cannot come soon enough  sad 
does not want to go to work tonight  wouldnt be so bad if it were somewhere else
curse you <propfemale> garden mints  curse yooouuuuuu          
just saved $8 50 with bi-lo fuelperks! hahahha
side boob hanging out of your prom dress is neither cute nor classy
oh banana
wwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
watching the big bang theory
is sad that its not peanut butter jelly time
napping time is over now its          taco time!
grumble grumble coffee grumble grumble
could go for a good salad
is ashy
feels bad for coop today
is ridiculously full of sushi
teaching people how to do things feels good
damn it feels good to be  a gangsta
pico de gallo on baked potato = yummy goodness
just saw the most humungous sp? water spider in the bathroom sink
todays work day was insane to say the least but a smooth sea never made a skilled mariner
is planting things
"if you hate your job or you are lazy, just quit  don't make other peoples job harder  kthnx!"
mmmmmm       hashbrowns
hahahah i meant tater tots
yay rain! soon i will have yummy vegetables! mwaaaahhhahahaah!!!
planted some beans that sprouted found lots of little bugs and grubs and such
chocolate cake for breakfast is what being an adult is about
gah its way too hot at work
almost grabbed a toad but the cucumbers are in the ground  grow my pretties grow
played dress up and played in the dirt and im not even kidding
headed out to make the rest of the dirt a garden
only half way done with planting the garden and can already tell i am going to have leftovers  would anyone care for some sprouts to plant? i have lettuce onions and probably some corn will be leftover too 
fell asleep on my lunch break today  whoop! excited about the 1st!
paint fumes      bluh  sad 
"dear <propfemale>, how did you manage to scratch yourself in your sleep like a small infant that needs to wear mittens?"
trying to finish cleaning out things in my room  found old guitar picks from shows
it is today!
ms picklefeather fell over
was told to stay away from things like meat by the dr  how will she do it?
thinks that wrestlers buy their outfits from the jrs underwear department at walmart
stupid sc summers
i think my most favoritest apple to nom is the of the cameo sort
wishes she had veggietables in her garden already  sad 
is weeding the garden  blech
kjdywiowasjpoxzuwqywqpzmcbnfghjwosiz[!!!!!!!
some people really ruffle my feathers  and yes i am 90
can only laugh at the epic failure that today has been
chillin with agent confusion  stopping for a caffeine refill
does anyone want a cat or kitten?
how bout that local sports team? ahah ha um   yeh  ho hum
anything goin on tonight?
what to do what to do
bored!
kitchen spices organized: check
no point in mentioning these bats
having another boring day  wooo
what's with all this love stuff today?
joose is not so good
you don't always die from tobacco
jamming out in your car to one of the first cds you ever got is pretty awesome
the neighbors rap music is distracting me from my nerdy <propfemale> watching  they are making fireworks!  smile 
going to a cookout at my grandmas and i made chocolate raspberry cheesecake
blah blah blah blah blah
these skanks on the <propfemale> show be trippin for realz
bazinga?
could use a good storm
is hot  yesterday after work i pulled my debit card out of my pocket and it had sweat on it
bills and money will be the death of me
ugh!!!!!!!!!!!
today will be better than yesterday
hmmm     what to eat what to eat? im feeling lazy
alfalfa sprouts
stupid elbow
yay storm!
"attention all lazy people, moochers, alcoholics, idiots or anyone else that is just annoying in general : please go away"
on a scale of ugh! to yay! i give today a bluh
feeling bummed and tired of being used in life  listening to the thoughts and stories of others set to poppy beet
i fear that a late start and crazy hot weather has been the demise of my garden  fingers crossed for a tomato
remember the three rs kids  reduce reuse and recycle!  playful 
stupid tmj
wishing i had more dark <propfemale> mocha coffees  sad 
some people are so ridiculous
finding a cool tasty treat to try to cool down from the hotness
gives inception a thumbs up
"dear neighbors internet, please stop being lame"
i love it when my property is taxed!
would be glad if another worday like this didnt happen for a while
coffee where are you?
hehehe 8 9 10  woow  derrr
could go for some flying saucer
come on fall!
never is it ever kosher to hold a note up to someone at work when they are on a call that says multitask now  get on it! multitask? really? maybe i am missing the 2 mouths that humans are standardly equipped with 
blah blah blah
"dear mucus, get out of my face  i have better things to do"
to grandmothers house i go
"90 s market st\charleston, sc 29401 usa"
todays workday went better than e playful ected
tired of all the disrespectful lazy messy people in the world
angel's mom has the best peanuts!
looking forward to the glorious day when i will own my own house and not have to live w someone else
you know you are an alcoholic when you lie about drinking your rommates alcohol
still cant figure out how that much toothpaste keeps getting on the mirror
drama!
gah why is this pasta taking so long to cook?
i think id rather have friends like on how i met your mother than friends from friends
whats better than sweating at work for no reason? coming home to your house being unlocked w the door open and 87 degrees
nom nom nom
lazy day watching netflix  and trying to defunk my work shoes
not a happy camper 
henh?
actually has plans for this weekend! yay
howd i sleep so late? must have been my belly full of grandmas soup
"\good down home southern cooking\"" does not have to be loaded w salt and grease! blech"""
"dear fall, i have missed you!"
tummy full of avocado and coffee     nom nom nom
stuck sitting in traffic   yuck
aaaaand just got out of traffic
"pretty pleased at the thought of not having to show people how to use a \printin machine\"" today"""
"thank you gross mcdonalds breakfast  it will be quite some time before i think to myself \an egg mcmuffin would be nice\"""""
"dear army recruiter who left a flyer on my car, am i army strong? probably not, but thanks for littering!"
wish i had some more cheesey tuna casserole
cant keep living like this
$75 washing machine = score
bout to eat some fuddruckers  nom nom nom
guess it was a good game bc i was outside carving a pumpkin and could hear ppl yelling go cocks in their houses
watchin american pickers
grrrr best buy rock hill      grrrrr
feels relieved to move from the spot ive been standing in for the last 4 hours selling tickets 
soy pumpkin spice frappucinno  nooooommy
to brew coffee or not  hmmm
hmmm        i dont have to work in the morning  what to do what to do
the fingertips on my right hand are longer than the ones on my left
time for food!
hmmmm         halloween movie watching marathon?
doesnt have milk to make porridge  sad 
is being lazy
wishes her roomate would just leave already
where did friday night go?
"aaaaaahhhhhhh one day i will chew with you , just you wait teeth on my right side     just you wait     "
needs to make more money like yesterday
happy birthday <propmale> vonnegut
yay spending money on my car!
spanx for all the birthday wishes!
my lease is up at the end of january and i will need a new roomie! will anyone need somewhere to live around that time?
seriously needs to find a roommate or im going to have to move to my mom's  blech
nom nom tsunami!
oooh the smell of eggs
yay time to drive to granmas house for some yummy foods!
wishes her neighbor wouldnt have put a password on their network
really wishes <propfirst> harmon would stop showing up at her house
is becoming addicted to every word on kindle
dress down day at work means i can put laundry off another day! which is good considering i just woke up from passing out after work
whoever let the air out of my car tire       <propfemale>  that is all
3333: you are ridonculous  ahhah jk but you have bad bad days turn around by joking around with me so yay
101: for some reason i remember midnight bowling a lot and way too many other crazy things to mention  ran across old pictures of us the other day  we were insane and im not sure how our parents ever put up with us  ahahah  miss you though
<propfirst> <propfirst> is looking kind of crazy these days
watching some <propmale> horror
making sooooouuuuuup  smile 
i think i may need to move because my butt is getting numb     
still needs a roommate
trying to conquer the stuffyness
pretty much slept through yesterday
bah
according to facebook a lot of people went to the usc game and watched inception this weekend
would like to hear some coheed before work but alas none is to be found in my car
is stuck in an endless game of tetris without the music or high scores
blah
meh
does anyone else remember those little plastic things they used to put in the middle of delivery pizzas? what happened to them?
thanks nonpoint  needed that today
is full
remember kids: driving the wrong way in a parking lot is not a good idea  obey those arrows!
breaktimes over time to get back to packing
bazinga!
"dear weather, feel free to stay around for as long as you need  it's really no problem having you here like this "
kona kona kona kona kona kona kona kona kona kona
isnt feeling too spiffy at all
2 and a half days!
<propmale> town bound
waiting waiting waiting           about to witness awesome!
frijoles
woooooooster
not sure whats on my minds but beans and cornbread are in my tummy  laugh 
"coffee w \pearl\"""""
"coffee, where areyou?"
forgot there was a clown zombie in land of the dead   scurry! why is family guy playing a christmas episode?
ooohhh snap is it time to take off my shoes and listen to pretty musics on the way home? i think it is!
drag queens are a bajillion times better than drag kings  fo sho
holy edamame batman!
fell asleep last night watching 28 weeks later to wake up to the sound of zombie growls on the menu  good times  now home to organize cabinets!
mmmmmmmmmmmm    kona         surprise 
blue oyster cult is stuck in mah head! oooh nooes!
aigs
is full of french toast
thinking that downloading that massive amount of metal covers was a bad idea  ever since then my laptop just keeps playing that and the beatles and outkast
bbbbbblllllaaaaaaahhhhhh jkfyewuioerjidcnbvcdkseiwoklsjdhgftydnewkedk
meh
lunch w tsa  nom nom salad 
"what's with today, today?"
brunches: catfish and eggs  smile 
is it saturday yet?
tonight's feature presentation: boondock saints
mmmmmm caaarrr warms      
heheheh kane hodder is on ghost adventures   and 99 percent of you will have no idea why this is giggle worthy
thinks its a good jimi hendrix listening kind of day
you know if we could teleport then i wouldnt be waiting on someone to open my car bc im so awesome at locking my key inside
hoooray sleeping in  also the word hooray reminds me of red stripe commercials
cleaning carpet  makes me feel all old and domesticated like
is all out of powdered toast!
soooooo who are same and <propmale>? please tell me this has nothing to do w jersey shore and everyones posting about it
weeeeeeee
agh
i won't ever be your cornerstone
swiss rooooooooooolls
may or may not be about to eat a cheddar bay buscuit
now we're cooking with beer
blah blah blah
 laugh 
gaaaah mom quit slacking off playing facebook games
note to self: you should really wear socks
just at breakfast  yep 
ooooooh wednesday
the warm oatmeal in my tummy says i dont have to work today       yeah i didnt think that would work
