ae88f030b4b96c3cdce53c550a78e555
"is there a better way to bring in the new year than with friends, family, and food? happy new year's eve smile "
happy new year smile 
helloo 2011! smile  my names <propmale> !!
i feel ok !
modern warfare 2!
played racketball yesterday   fun!
doesnt want to go to school 2-morrow
didnt finish coach pantin's project  coach pantin better not have a fit =p
i have to start making a new project for u s history cause somebody broke the original
"maybe if i say \im going to kill myself\"" i could be getting free stuff  people in mrs  varras room know what im talking about"""
i mean people in 6-7 period
4 day weekkeend!
back to school tomorrow!!  sad 
bored =p
is done with their algebra quiz and s19 hw! and has their science fair project idea! finally!
is so tired of so many problems 
happy spring break to everybody! smile 
if youre going to conally like this!!!!
you !!!!
tomorrow at the lake!!! yay!!! smile 
"lol \hello welcome to mcdongles\""!!"""
playing online player on modern warfare 2!!
watching the fourth kind!!
"\being human isn't about what you are it's about who you are\"""""
"\pick and roll-stick the landing\"""""
"if that certain person doesn't come around, somebody will\"",2010-04-17 06 smile 7:27""",ae88f030b4b96c3cdce53c550a78e555,yay !!! 150 friends  laugh 
i want everything to be like it used to be
there is a 99% <propmale> that my sister-in-law's baby is going to be a boy!!!!!  laugh 
<propmale> a été ici! ; d
"?\?????24 \""   \"" 25?\""-?????????????;"""
had so much fun this weekend!!  laugh 
great day so far!!!!!!  laugh 
wth???? it says that i posted the video on peoples pages when i didn't even do it???
is soooo tired of projects     d:
everybody should meet their meat!!!! d:
tired  !!
just finished both science projects    tired  sad 
feels like crap    d:
today was a pretty qood day!! had a good 7th period including <propfemale> hodges  cause she got kicked out of band lol  laugh  camping trip tomorrow!! smile 
omg camping was <propfemale> fun!!! went on a three mile hike and went canoeing!!!  laugh 
final tomorrow!!  sad 
goodnight  smile 
6 more days of school left  smile 
conally tomorrow!!
science project due tomorrow! d:
connally was fun!  smile 
got a haircut and looks different!!
good to be with the family laugh 
really bored  
bowling with buddies!  laugh 
volente beach tomorrow!
ima miss all my buddies from dessau! goodbye dessau sad   hello high school smile 
\i'm not afraid to take a stand\,ae88f030b4b96c3cdce53c550a78e555,who is <propfirst> bunnie?
i found out that <propfirst> coca is going to be a father!!!!(; im happy for you bro!!!
is bored:
things are way too complicated now!
just got home!! today was une playful ected but fun!! laugh 
no h8!
"\i just wanted to make it snow\"" lol  smile """
believe(;
whoo mexico beat <propfemale>! 2-0  laugh 
book of <propmale> is a good movie! smile 
toy story three with 3d  laugh  was an awesome movie smile !!
went to six flags yesterday!! it was sooo much funn!! smile  going to the lake today!! laugh 
going out of state for three weeks tomorrow laugh 
knight and day was awesome! smile 
happy fourth of july smile 
waterpark smile 
kenwood cove was fun smile 
wow  just saw the preview for vampires suck!
does anyone know the supply list for connally?
so who actually read this book for pre-ap english? i don't even remember the name of it!
tosh o
roast of <propfirst> hasselhoff!
"good friends bail you out of jail, true friends are right next to you saying \ damn we messed up\"" !"""
going to go see the last excorcism!
so the last excorcism turned out to be a comedy and well it sucked > indecision 
so who else got that pizza party thing?
pretty good day except for something that happened annoyed  watching the vma's smile 
"ok, like and i will inbox you what i honestly think about you!"
just met a new aunt and uncle today! awkward moment o o
what i look forward to in school      early release days & holidays  laugh 
my day could have gone better! but it was ok  my sister in law had her baby!!!! smile 
this week was not so great annoyed 
"how many licks does it take to get to the toostie roll center of a tootsie roll pop? \    -the world may never know- smile "
gum you have betrayed me once again     annoyed 
psat  annoyed 
wants to go to a stress-free place):
just gotta hope for the best\\:
connally was on the news doing a report on coach lolis !
good day smile  finnaallyy things are almost backk to normal!
pretty good dayy && partyy !!  laugh 
getting ready for halloween by watching scary movies !! o o
did 9 hours of community service !! so tired);
connections is the most boring class ever !!  sad 
"well, even though i didn't cry and i didn't know  you as well as my family, you are forever in my heart and i love you  r i p   love "
field trip tomorrow smile 
on the way to waco  smile 
"fun day today smile  i have a feeling this week is going to be good laugh  \fruit-a-licious \tastes so good makes you wanna slap yo mamma\"" lol"""
what do we have to put on the career poster in connections?
if were making a powerpoint for connections what do we include in it??
thank you computer for ruining my day > surprise 
fall for your type-jamie foxx ft  drake  smile 
"2 midterms done smile  \5 more to go):           \next, <propmale> and english !"
ehh   pretty good day today !   let's just hope tomorrow is better ! smile 
"stupid ipod> surprise \and who's <propfemale> manning?"
thank you apple genuises smile  smile  smile 
juggling with my cousin smile 
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night smile 
<propfemale>    fun is standing right next to a person but still replying on their facebook smile  yea    playful 
introducing the juggling mexicans ! it's a work in progress! smile 
i got to stop sleeping with my ipod > surprise 
oh gawd ! i thought today was wednesday 
day was alright  got some une playful ected news! indecision  hope tomorrow is going to be how i planned it to be   
sometimes i wish i could go to hogwarts   !
has atelphobia:[
bad start to a 3 day weekend   
netflix movies! smile 
go to hell english paper!
"loves that feeling of accomplishment when you hear a song you haven't heard in a while, but you still know how it goes "
had a very good day today smile 
to 4th period mr  trans class: do we have to do the homework?
"i love watching scary movies, but i hate the feeling afterward where you're too scared to even to to the bathroom "
who's ionicmlbstar?
the lights are off at school! smile 
reeds drifting on by you know how i feel
watching seven pounds 
"wow mom, you are kind of a bad influence!"
lol i saw some mesican kids playing cricket! laugh 
sometimes all we need to hear is that everything is going to be all right 
one day i want to copy someones status word for word and see if they notice 
sometimes i wish you weren't even born!  annoyed 4
"if you live for a hundred years, i would wish to live for a hundred years minus one day so i wouldn't have to live without you smile "
"you want breakfast in bed, go sleep in the kitchen smile "
paranormal activity 2 was actually good smile 
rewnewed xbox live gold smile 
"ooh, some guy was just killed by a woman in a driving accident!"
what was the geometry homework?
does anybody have <propmale> vu's number? text me at 5129095185
"whenever i'm bored, cleverbot entertains me!"
why so we have so many problems in our lives]:
i freaking hate how electronics are very fragile!
"lol \kardashian call of booty\"""""
"thanks to everyone who said happy birthday, and the ones that sang it too!"
you never really know a person until they turn their back on you 
don't know what to do today    
homesick]:
"aside from all the drama, this was a cool weekend!"
mardi gras party tommorow! smile 
i get adhd when you smile at me!
i hope <propfemale> arteaga is ok if the tsunami got to her!
"love is like a bar of soap, once you think you got it, it slips away "
kite runner is the most depressing book i've read 
"life is like riding a bicycle, in order to keep balance you must keep moving "
"-\why do nuns not wear bras?\""\",ae88f030b4b96c3cdce53c550a78e555,dang level 29 on zombies!
i listen to her heart beat because it plays my favorite song 
<propfemale> noogen is now tumblr-worthy smile 
lol i like the sun drop commercial  laugh 
getting mail makes me feel important smile 
stop acting stupid facebook troubled 
"god, please make sure my brothers ok "
how many times can you be absent at connally?
