b0e62af813f1dd46a71b00e7cbb291dc
i'm actually on facebook for once! whoo!
finals are over! yesss
i don't even know what to do anymore  hope that sleep will clear my head 
one of the cats (train) has a swollen place on his leg  taking him to the vet in a little bit  my bet is it's a wolf worm! > annoyed 
going to <propmale> today  furniture shopping  annoyed  fun times   
i'm frickin addicted to <propfemale> kool-aid  i got those single packs so i would drink more water and i almost think it backfired  o o i drank like 5 bottles 
full  metal  alchemist  chapter  107  -squees-
"dammit, i made a d in physics! a d! i have to retake it now  very angry  all my other grades were b's and a's  stupid physics "
"does anyone else get creeped out when people over the age of 40 are on facebook? maybe it's just me, but when my mom's coworkers start telling her about things i've said on fb, it bugs me a bit  (set profile to completely private, though i thought it already was    take that )"
"so tired  left <propmale> at 4am, got to tn at 5am  slept until noon  anybody get the plate <propfirst> of that truck? cause i've got a bone 't pick with it "
r i p  greed  after going to bed early i woke my ass up at 11pm to to watch your death scene  see you in 15 episodes  (p s  father sounds like hatori sohma and it is wroooong d smile 
"i just found out: <propmale> is ling\that is all "
back in tn  kinda bummed today  it's like a haze that i can't see through  probably gonna watch brotherhood (yeah new box set rocks!) 
what 'bout my staaar??   damn you <propfirst> 
"this is the story of the little lion  she who followed, trusting, straight into a rusted steel trap  she who waited, hopeful, as her pride left her behind  she gnaws her leg to the bone to slip free, limping in the opposite direction  time heals all wounds, yet she wonders what will cover the scars "
microbiology = boooooring  just finished the last quiz of the summer  whoo!
"why battle net, why???"
my dad stopped paying child support again  great  i'm effed now 
wahaha! my kittehs now has harnesses!!
-insert private matters here-
needs to collect borrowed things before classes start   
"so ran into my neighbor this morning as he was bringing a boxer into our \no-dogs-allowed\"" apartment complex  the place smells like smoke since he moved in  he fights with his girlfriend all the time  his door is constantly slamming  i want to move """
halfway through classes now! i have two more to go and should be done by 2 smile 0!
"can't wait to get back to <propmale>! whatcha want for dinner, hon?"
maybe now facebook won't be so full of shit 
there are no words to describe my hatred now 
men are stouter and and more muscular but woman's tolerance to pain sickness > man's  hands down 
class was canceled! whoo! now only half an hour until chem lab 
just finished homework!! -dies-
i wants my spicy <propfemale> chocolate    it would be tasty right now 
i want winter break to hurry and get here!
these <propmale> kittens will be the death of me 
whoo! one manx baby adopted! kai-baby is going home saturday!
"two more manx babies have homes!! only one more to go, but he'll be the most challenging  he's the most timid of them all "
just come on and come on and raise your glass for me
\life is a sexually transmitted disease and the\,b0e62af813f1dd46a71b00e7cbb291dc,"have a organic chem test friday, finals all next week, and i have to change apartments saturday  bring it on!!d8<"
i have an interview at captain d's! whoo!
staying in murraytown till my interview tomorrow is over! hope it doesn't snow tomorrow and mess up my plans 
"love never dies a natural death  it dies because we don't know how to replenish its source  it dies of blindness and errors and betrayals  it dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings \--anais nin"
cats are integrating nicely for now  turnip is the aggressor and alibell is standing her ground  phinny is behind the couch but in sight 
it's only funny because i can't feel my face 
going christmas shopping with mom today  i dread the holiday rush @ @
red lobster has brought back their previously discontinued lobster bisque  my world is complete now 
purchased avatar: the last airbender from ioffer  should this transaction turn sour    i blame burdman  j k
<propfemale> christmas everybody!! *is elbow deep in christmas cookin'*
yip yip
"computer is still in the shop  they closed at 5, so i won't have my baby back for yet another day  i'm a <propmale> angry   "
"finally got my computer back! also received avatar complete series from ioffer and cyborg 009 complete series from ebay  avatar works great  cyborg 009 is shit  most of the disks won't even play  damn you malaysia, damn you!"
"so, since coming back to <propmale> i got a job at the vietnamese cuisine place  also discovered my first food allergy    i've eaten there the past couple of days and am covered in hives  *itchitch*"
my reaction is finally going down after i went to the er yesterday and got some steroid pills  freakin hives  waiting for t c  to maybe call me in to work 
off to work!
"worried about the icy roads    > >;; i have class in an hour, but am seriously debating not going "
"no more class, no work, all snow  awwww yeah "
i've never seen so much snow in my life   
