868c16789bfefa0fccf156bc0d72e416
news flash! its seems that someone took a bold step to make a statement at the state police barracks by taking all of the toilet seats from the entire building  sadly it seems that at this time the cops have nothing to go on    
"51 pounds gone, now to just keep it going   "
"still too early to go to bed, but man im bored   "
an idle mind is a terrible thing    mwaahahahahahaha    
gotta stop putting off aquarium maintenance until late into the day   
"well, doctors orders are to stay off my leg so guess i'll just have to miss work tomorrow    darn   wink "
work got cut short tonight as the power went out about 10:15  so roughly 3 to 4 hours of work will spill over into sundays work which is already going to be rough since so many people will call off for the superbowl   
"well, my inner nerd gamer is truly singing  finally got to fully set up a triple screen configuration on the computer with a triplehead2go  all i can say is      whoa!      "
"man cars complicate life  after calling aaa to pick up the blazer to take it to the garage, i go outside to clean stuff out of the <propfirst> for later only to find the front passenger tire is literally falling apart! steel bands sticking out and tread gone on the edges! i just checked it last week dammit! now its a race to change the tire before the tow truck gets here as well as getting this crap out of it "
in a building mood  working on makeing a triple monitor stand and a hood for the 30 gallon aquarium 
"ugh, these 13 and 14 hour shifts need to end   "
"if i put instant coffee in a microwave, will i go back in time?"
get that finger out of your ear! who's finger is that anyway?
"help preserve wildlife, pickle an owl!"
"if vegitarians eat vegitables, beware of humanitarians   "
"argh! worked 50 hours in 4 days, can i please be done now?"
paper clip: (n) larval stage of coat hanger 
helmet and seatbelt laws interfere with natural selection   
stupidity is *not* a handicap  park elsewhere!
ever notice how the at&t symbol looks a lot like the death <propfemale>?
"politicians are like diapers; both should be  changed often, for the same reasons   "
"two most common elements in the universe; hydrogen, and stupidity   "
purring (adj)  1  sound of a cat manufacturing cuteness 
stick \\'stik\\ n  1: a boomerang that doesn't work
a squirrel is just a rat with good p r 
windows vista: microsoft's second ode to p  t  barnum 
705 96 : the number of the beast (including tax)
2x4x666 : the lumber of the beast   
are thee up for some plowing? - amish pickup line
support your local medical examiner   die strangely 
he's dead <propmale>     ensign dhamer! stop that!
profanity: the universal programming language 
mayhem festival going great!  cant wait for <propmale> zombie and korn to blow the hell out of this place   
"if you want my honest opinion, ask me what i think  if you want your ego placated, tell me ahead of time "
"im annoyed that sony seems to think most users of the ps3 or a blue <propfirst> player are going to rush out and pay some 2k for a 3d tv and the extra cost of glasses  don't get me wrong, i've used 3d on the pc for some time now and it is great, but it only cost me 60 bucks when i bought it several years ago for the glasses "
"dam, tired but not ready for bed    i hope this week is mild on the humidity for work "
so barely 6 weeks ago bought 2 new tires for the blazer from sears  they were installed on the back and probably dont have 400 <propmale> on them  one of them blows out on the interstate separating the tread belt from the sidewalls and sears says the best they can do is pro rate it towards the purchase of a new one?!? are you effing kidding me?!?
thanks for the bday wishes everyone!
"is very irritated  i use simple rules for my life such as, if you make my wife cry, i'll make you cry   "
is curious how some people can suddenly seem so full of themselves for no other reason than to satisfy their own egos   
"great, finally do a nice mild upgrade to the computer, was looking forward to some enjoyment on my day off and the friggin motherboard up and dies on me     grrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaa!!!!!!"
so i had a thought today     so i stomped on it till it stopped moving  dam things just cause trouble   
"but see, i don't *want* to be realistic today   "
new parts are here and installed  now the arduous task of reinstalling *everything*   
who knew that a 1 5 tb drive could get some of its controller bits mixed up and try to pass itself off as a 500 gb drive?!?
"argh, 140 gb worth of data to download from steam to get it fully reinstalled    "
"okay, so beck comes home to find that facebook has disabled her account  no emails, no messages or any indication as to wtf  so after poking around she finds a form she has to fill out and include a copy of a goverment photo id?!? wtf?"
"are they seriously trying to say my wifes account is fake?!? or did some miscreant out there decide to file some false report to get it disabled? it better not be the latter and if so, i better not find out who   "
"mwaahahahahaa     i have now hacked my droid x and can now get rid of all this crap verizon cripples it with!!!!!   that is all for now, good night    "
which element are you? -- my result: aether  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 26167 referrals status?aid=100000027643892
blah    
so tron was pretty good  not really the direction i e playful ected it to go but was pretty happy with it 
a question for my fellow computer nerds    anyone know how to forcibly remove or disable resolutions from the registry in windows 7 x64? there are several in my list that my hardware simply does not support and keep having to fight with newly installed programs that auto detect my res and choose one of these bad settings  grrrr      
can't talk      too busy playing little big planet 2       
i wonder if i could get a tan from all this magnetic radiation im getting from my monitors     hmmm      
2 cats are a circus  3 are a coup    
"alrighty folks, those of you with android powered phones should know that version 3 of the android os will be released soon with many promised changes and upgrades to its performance  lets hope it lives up to the hype! btw, if you've rooted your phone, unroot and restore anything you froze disabled removed or your upgrade will be denied to you!!!"
about time to get all the power tools ready for use with warmer weather ahead  have many things that need built    should be a fun spring!
"moseyed on down to fairmont to spend a long weekend with my best friends  should be a great weekend of gaming, junk foods, and <propmale> foolery   lol"
*sigh* doing the work thing again this week    
"ugh, this day is really dragging by   "
