1f45254ff138ea19d666762450d4fdb7
i miss the mountains of colorado
is it spring yet?
woo-hoo! the sun has come out from hiding and they are forcasting up to the 70's this week  time for a nice leisurly motorcycle ride  smile 
"working on the \honey do\"" list in the yard this weekend"""
"people need to understand that children with  special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not  contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted   it's special education week, and this is  in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help &  understanding   fyi, this is important to me because i have a special needs daughter and see those looks and stares far too often "
just finished with my mig-welding class tonight and will be certified once the paperwork is sent in 
i am taking today easy  did a lot on the honey-do list an saturday
"<propfemale> made me an awesome mexican feast for my b-day dinner   beef fajitas, bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers all served with chips and queso   i\m stuffed!"""
"thank you so much to all my family and friends for the b-day wishes, they have filled my heart with a present that cant be bought, joy!!! take care and luv-ya all    steve"
"woo hoo, my train project moved under its own power for the first time today!!! time to build the body "
"we are no longer the knights who say \ni!\"" we are now the knights who say \""echy echy echy whoop ping!\"" and we want another shrubery """
"oh dear, i seem to have trodden in miseuer's bucket"
"aced my lathe project final today, woo-hoo!"
absolutely bored today
"i am today what yesterday has made me; \tomarrow i shall be changed by today's e playful eriances  -unknown"
"school let out for summer on thursday   ho-hum, what to do for the summer? (besides the <propfemale> do list)"
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
"well, everything worked out well on the tractor   runs great   hooked up the brush hog and tackled some 6 foot tall weeds, everything is working as it should now   it felt pretty good to me to get a 55 year old machine out of the cobwebs and back to doing what it was meant to do    work!"
what is your favorite rum?
who or what is your greatest musical influence?
"ok, now what do i do? all done with school   guess its time to hit the bricks and rejoin the working world, eeeeewwww!"
loving the spring weather!  trying to get the garden ready for planting but having tiller issues 
