0cafa1520d5f07344f539b3efe838bef
is back from canada 
just spent most of the afternoon painting  smile 
painted a picture!
is painting again  smile 
the retaining wall fell down  sad   it needs to be rebuilt 
"using some random wifi from a random parking lot in pigeon, michigan "
just got back from vacation   almost time for <propfemale>   yay!
"almost ready to go to <propfemale>, and the final pieces are falling into place  smile "
yay!  going to <propfemale> this month  smile 
made good progress toward getting a campus job at <propfemale> today  smile 
finally began <propfemale> packing in <propmale>   smile 
worst <propfemale>sting of my life   half of my foot is swollen up and continuing to swell   i'm pretty sure i've developed a <propfemale> allergy 
 smile   my foot has almost returned to normal size after yesterday's epic beesting 
"good night, world   <propfemale>, see you monday  smile "
<propfemale> tomorrow morning  smile 
"settled into my room at <propfemale>, waiting for roommate #2 to arrive "
<propfemale> is awesome 
did not know that up would have so much sad stuff in it 
just got back from the first honors program meeting (book discussion)  got to <propfemale> out with some pretty splendiferous people who i look forward to getting to know better    smile 
i am very glad to be at a university where the faculty and staff are willing to work with me to help solve my problems 
amount of effort i will need to put forth in spanish > amount of effort for all other classes combined
"cedar bend!  civilization, goodbye; i'll see you monday "
"had a great weekend at cedar bend, now inhumanly tired beyond all word and reason "
"sitting in a rather warm, somewhat cluttered dorm room casually trying to get some work done (and also facebooking)"
yo estoy muy cansado   
"back from playing some water basketball   <propmale> fun, but <propmale> <propfirst> horse "
"good night world   spanish test, please have mercy "
chemistry and zoology were both quite enjoyable today   still keeping my fingers crossed for the spanish test 
that was some super-intense arbor games   getting ready for beta 2's rise to intramural legend   
"study for a while, then hit the weights later on tonight   (emphatic man-grunt)"
physical exhaustion can be a truly wonderful feeling; it is truly one of the most ine playful ensive luxuries found in this world 
"zoology lab was interesting, but it felt good at the end to be able to pull my eye away from the microscope "
in my room doing homework with my stereo to keep me company 
"yay!  college weekend!  college weekends are so awesome, they make sliced bread feel insecure "
sitting in my room doing homework with my stereo for company 
logos is the place to be on sunday morning  laugh 
"i'm cdo   it's kindof like ocd, except the letters are all in alphabetical order like they're supposed to be  laugh "
"hehe   i just learned a new word from a comic strip   \vacuous\"": emptied or lacking content    laugh """
"i think i ate something that disagrees with me; unfortunately, it is a far better debater than i am    sad "
starting to get pumped for chem lab tomorrow   laugh 
zoology lab was a bit frustrating   i'm pretty sure that ameobas don't really exist 
just made a pretty sweet pie chart in excell for my time management project   laugh 
just found out that i have better <propfemale> wifi signal in the mcdonald's accross the street than i have in my own dorm room 
haha   msu wins  laugh 
needs a haircut
¡no mas clases por toda la día!
"my tummy is upset, and i empathize "
what do you call <propfemale> ' s helpers?
haha    i has pizza in my fridge  laugh 
estoy estudiando español   ¡es malo!
feels fairly prepared for tomorrows spanish test   more study time after a m  classes tomorrow 
"thinks that giving obama the nobel peace prize in analougous to giving the nobel prize in chemistry to an undergraduate student with a b+ average as \an encouragement for him to act \"""""
don't know what to write for my status     and so starts the birthday countdown:  7 more days!!
"new mongolian grill is open in the dc   btw, birthday countdown continues: 6 more days"
dilbert comics are hillarious   in other news: five more days until my birthday!
"interesting zoology lab today   btw, only three more days until my birthday!"
"just watched a very interesting documentary on the current state of our nation's missile defense system   33 minutes is a must-see for anyone interested in knowing more about missile defense issues, which should be everyone "
my spanish class got cancelled today   it just doesn't feel like i should be on the weekend yet   
home for the weekend
"comfy chair with a decent view, brownie frape, streaming country music via pandora, plenty of time to finish my homework   life is good  laugh "
too much spanish!  my brain is begining to liquefy!
"my brain has officially been destroyed by homework, reduced to a wasteland of radioactive slag where once there was a happy place "
my mommy bought a car     old car gets sent to <propfemale> for my sister and me!  laugh    laugh    laugh 
the awesomeness of today can only be e playful ressed in the superfuous degree of comparison 
"never trust a geometry teacher, they're always plotting something   "
news flash from the world of dilbert today:  dogbert is stepping down as ceo 
"oddly enough, no classes tomorrow "
i know kung fu! (and some other dangerous words)
yay! my computer works again today!
on my way to canada in two days 
back from canada 
looking forward to going back to school 
time to pack for <propfemale>!  smile 
mornings at work are so much more relaxed than afternoons   that's why the time clock is in civilian time 
back to school tomorrow!
is the general chemistry lab assistant for the tuesday 7:45-10:45 am lab 
"if you shoot an arrow at a monkey from an airplane and the\monkey throws a coconut at the incoming arrow to stop it but he misses, how can\you tell what time it is?"
wonders if you could find a book about the history of wd-40 in the nonfriction section of the library   
ludicrously excited that my code compiled
i can add an infinite number of terms in a finite amount of time and get a finite sum  i am a ninja 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have been eaten by dragons  the other7% aresitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers!"
"\carpe diem\""=seize the day  \""carp in denim\""= fish in pants """
home for the holidays  smile 
