cb504cda127ddbed7b1f3e7b21d95673
does not care about the new year  was already pretty awesome this past year 
aww facebook the lazy man's way of wishing everyone you know a happy (insert holiday event)
ufc!!!!!!
the plane that landed at yeager airport because of a hole flew over my house! lol
ah awesome
got the day off tomorrow so frekin' happy lol
if i say i have a secret about u on ur notifications don't click it it's retarted
i hate the game when pigs fly
new pics up shaved my head
note to self when glutimine gets airborne no one has a good time lol
lol awesome but no i'm not living in a dorm uc is 15 <propfemale> from my house lol
totaly off tomorrow!
i order one thing for my birthday and it doesn't show up! gah!
nvm my parents are tricky lol
does anyone think elk valley will have a high school reunion?
state fair monday   gah
ugh now i really don't want to go to the state fair
i love batman arkham asylum!
state fair tomorrow be gone all day i will probably be txting alot lol
back from fair may not be moving tomorrow    unless someone wantes to <propfemale> out lolz
gonna go pick up trash that stupid dogs got into
car in garage gonna really cost me this time
has anyone else noticed that <propmale> the builder and obama has the same catch phrase? lol
back from district 9 it's an awesome movie btw!
going to my first college orientation man this feels too surreal
back from uc and pre-ordered batman
done with my first homework assignment!
back from uc
back from college and i got batman!
beat batman! i loved it so
has an hour till class   apparently this guy next to me in the library may start talking in his sleep if he falls asleep    i will wait all day if i have to lol
did ne one hear about <propmale> in the hospital?
blames facebook for his excessive use of the 3rd person
one more class and i'm done for today
is at my first sife meeting   at least i'm waiting for it to begin so   yay?!
first fight already awesome!
this fights even better
holy crap i'm on the front <propfemale> on the charleston daily mail!
omgosh it's snowing?!
i have 2 go to evcs   yay lol
just remembered there was a sife meeting today lol
who has a new favorite artist? i do! owl city is awesome! i meen he's the only one to make me not listen to the avett brothers for awhile lol
new relient k album! it's awesome!
200! whoo!
yeah bit yeah but they would like me more if they met me!
just two more days    i can make it! lol
spike will air two prelimes october 22nd at 9!
agh there is no water on the entire campus of uc!!!!
well   that was a waste lol
all hw done going to bed!
is on facebook way too much lol
finaly home! 4 day weekend starts now!
"why would i ever want to use face book \en espanol\""?"""
one of the gamestops better have uncharted 2! lol
has to go back to uc today! ugh!
meh i'll go 2morrow lol
"alright, gotta go to uc, then to the eye doctor, then finally to the mall! gonna be a long day   "
just realized i had photo comments from 3 months ago lol
310! i actualy saw stars lol
that southpark ep    was so wrong lol
ugh forgot the check
"got clothes, contacts, and uncharted 2! also anyone know if i can get into the computer lab at uc on the weekends"
"i always thought i was unstable, until i met all the girls i ever dated -<propfirst> birbiglia"
i scratched my eye with my contact   ouch
is eating everything in site and then heading to class!
lol people think kanye west is dead  behold the power of twitter!
thinks the yankees suck
class was cancelled so i is homes!
"saw xi, the best comedy of the year! lolz"
everyone that has a job always wants someone to visit them lolz
antoni hardonk was layeed out!
<propfirst> <propmale> cheated i don't care what u say!
ooooooooooo that's gotta hurt
<propmale> mazzagati sucks!
shogun better win!
bull crap!
"wow, i've had coughing fits but i've never had burping fits before lol"
"doesn't think we should do the hw if it's not even going to be on the test! also, jigsaw reminds me of mr  staniford for some reason lolz"
someone left a message in my truthbox that answered the question 'what do think of <propmale>?' with 'nothing' i don't know whether to not care or to feel sad   
nothing makes a day like a class being cancelled  joyful 
finally done with those stupid questions!
i knew that bowling for soup did the phineas and ferb theme song!
ever see a blow out? watch the world series  wink 
class was cancelled! however i can't find my mouse anywhere!
i honestly don't care about cows wanting to go to california!
i got mah twix!
all i gotta do is go to school (hopefully one class will be cancelled) and then go to corridor g and it's tgif!
found my mouse!
"back from judgement house which btw was awesome! now if you excuse me, i have to go light some candles  wink "
finally got that stupid calf machine done!
"even though i joined those groups, i think i like the new facebook better lol"
ugh taking a hiatus from facebook
"ugh tired, gonna study then hittin' the hay"
"ugh screw it, later "
the path to big is full of mondaness   that's the deepedist thing i've ever said on facebook lolz
malcoms in the middles
why is there always a janitor cleaning a bathroom when i gotta pee!
there is no dignified way to run in sandles
all fights free this saturday!
what's become a recurring theme in my nightmares? that palm pre lady  things that make u go buah
nobody ever shows up to a sife meeting lolz
uggh!!!!!!!!! when are they gonna bring the rock back to 94 5?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!
today has been a very very interesting day lol
cover of weezer album possibly the greatest picture ever
"going to bed early, super long day tomorrow"
"grabbin' a quick bite to eat then headin' back out, ugh"
"finally back, so tired, would go to bed but sponegebob will be on soon  laugh "
what a bunch of crap is this? of course this is hate 
phase 1 complete! lol
"oh yeah, now it's warm outside  it wasn't warm anytime this week when i had to walk to class it 35 degree weather or yesterday when i was working outside trying to make sure my fingers don't get frostbite, but yeah now!!!!"
woo that was fun  now time for some strikeforce!
ok my teacher isn't even trying anymore with the hw lol
i hate it when people update their friggin' status every half hour!
this has already been a long week! lol
"if i have to pay for parking in that stupid garage that took forever to build, i will be enraged!"
anyone nervous about friday the 13th? lol
*sigh*
friday the 13th!
nothing ungrompifies me like a 3 hour nap lol
ahh that party was exactly what i needed! lol
done with that demon desk! now i got to put together another one though   
i actually know how this next fight ends lol
ugh of course the last part of the business plan is also the hardest!
oatmeal is easy to make  joyful 
<propfirst> one off on my 'what i want to see before i die' list  i finally saw a boxer punch himself in the face during a fight! lol
if my business book wants me to use a template in excel it should tell me which freaking one!!!!! >(
"while i did leave a dent in my dad's truck this morning, i finally found that stupid template for my financial plan  all in all a good day  joyful "
ok totally over reacted on the denting of my dad's truck  it's actually just a scratch that barely anyone can see lol
finally done with that stupid financial report!
note to self: wash car before 5 surprise 0 p m  lol
ggggggaaaaaaahhhhhhh! burnt my thumb!!!!!!!!!! however my algebra class was cancelled so all in all a good day  joyful  p s  yes this was very hard to type lol
also my accounting class got cancelled lol
even when i'm not on facebook it still pulls me away from my homework
weeks almost over!
"everybody's working for the weekend, everybody wants a new romance  everybody's working for the week end, everybody wants a second chance-loverboy"
one more class and i'm done! also algebra sucks  
"how do i kick off thanksgivng break? with a nap, oh yeah lol"
"today i can go back to the mall again, yay! lol"
ufc 106 the return of tito!
greatest ferak out ever is the greatest freak out ever   it's also kinda sad
ufc time!
back from ufc actually pretty good
"finally a reason to watch mtv, southpark!"
i love muppet treasure island!
"note to self, if i meet a girl from south hills marry her lol"
i need to start learning military terms lol
it's official twilight has beat batman on sales  no silver lining in that cloud 
i have to go shopping on black friday    may god have mercy on my soul 
"why are you the way that you are? honestly, every time i try to do something fun or exciting, you make it not that way  i hate so much about the things that you choose to be "
it's turkey time!
what am i thanlful for? the nap after the meal! lol
ate waaaaaay too much sugar today lolz
red <propfemale> is my new favorite movie  wolverines!!!
had a dream i met lady gaga's little brother  man he was annoying lol
ugh i don't wanna move
i have to write a poem about <propfirst> armstrong  totally doing a haiku! lol
i l-o-v-e cyber monday! lol
i forgot to turn in my essay before i left class  i am dumb as a rock!!!
totally did not think it was gonna rain today!
looks like <propmale> is fighting again   awesome!
"one presentation down, one more to go!"
finally got my acoustic guitar!
dang you sons of anarchy! you hooked me in so well and then you just end! gah!
can't wait for ufc!
o my gosh did not see that coming lol
who gets to sleep in tomorrow? i get to sleep in tomorrow!
please don't let the rain freeze tonight
one final down one to go!
wow it seems like everyone is on facebook right now lol
wish the grades were done!
i still think i have homework to do for some reason lol
i got two grades so far! a b and an a!
got my grades! i got a 3 7!
just found out my dad was on the <propmale> o'reilly radio show a few years ago lol
nothing like a haircut to make u feel refreshed  laugh 
just completed the entire ufc career mode in one sitting  it's moments like these that make me think i have a problem with video games lol 
ugh i hope the storm doesn't knock out my power again like last week 
had to go to a hotel lol
holy crap <propfemale> muphey died!
got assassins creed and spirit tracks!
"new fav movie, mr  smith goes to washington"
i've got to get the heck out of this hotel!
"power, cable, and internet is back on   it's a christmas miracle!"
he's making viololently love to me mother  forgot about this awesome quote lol
electric and cable finaly came back on lol
they're making anchorman 2!
cleaned my couch thoroughly  found a zip drive and a fork   tommorrow i will clean out my car so who knows with that one lol
"resolutions annoyed \1  be closer with god jesus\2  be a nicer, better person\3  get a part-time job internship\\happy new years and see you monkeys next year! (still got one in before the ball dropped!  playful )"
here's to many more
"new years day: to some it means to start a new, to me it means i'm going to write 2010 instead of 2011 for the next month or so "
ufc tonight  let the beginning of stealing phones begin!
wanna make out?
only downside tonight is i have no idea what *i* said lol
it's gonna be hard goin' to school next week   
how do i know i'm still immature? i created a fighter on the ufc game and named him ic wiener and i can't stop laughing everytime i see his name lol srs
"long day, however fight night 2night should be awesome!"
today couldn't be any longer could it?
pantz on the ground will be a number 1 hit <propfirst> my words
"wow, dodgeball next sunday is going to be interesting lol"
i can't believe it took me all this time to realize <propmale> prower was a play on words for <propmale> per hour   i see why everyone hates him now
goodburger 2morrow @ 8 on <propmale>
"stupid business law, there's too much to study for 3 chapters!"
off to buy new guitar strings   should've never tried to put in d6 tuning lol
just a half hour left of class
back from energy debate pretty fun actually lol
gahhh!!! micro economics homework!!!!!
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who          gets it and follows the instructions)   smile  im smart!!!!!!!!!!!
so just got a farmville    anyone want to be my neighboor?
why does it seem like every girl i know is going to the rascal flatts concert? lol
"dodgeball tomorrow, starting to brush up on all of my dodgeball quotes lol also lowdermilk is goin' down   or not i think half my class ain't showin' up lol"
why is it that when i have to go somewhere it just gotta rain?
well that was kind of a bust oh well lol
class cancelled   again wish i had some kind of forewarning
"so, i have no idea if i'm writing this lab report right"
"learned how to use a dishwasher, <propfirst> one off for things i need to learn how to do before i move out"
"\there's just one kind of man you can trust that's a dead man or a gringo like me\"" man i love this song and hot <propmale>"""
too    many    graphs     in microeconomics     homework
"don't care what people say, i love the office depot commercial with the barber and 6 dollar haircut"
"you wake up form one nap and immediately people hit you up for money, crazy"
"i can't stand the stupid <propfemale> garden commercials anymore, could they be more cheap?!"
"saw the ipad thing, it's freaking huge! like 10 ds' can fit in it lol! how is someone supposed to <propfemale> that thing around?"
ah notin' like a good haircut
just gotta get through tomoorow and then senior night
i fear that i'll use 'lol' too much so that when i actually laugh out loud noone will believe me   lol
is glad that uc doesn't take dancing as seriously as stomp the yard
dang it's cold! also senior night later
"getting ready to head out to evcs, as long as nobody tells me the times are any different (yes <propfemale> that was aimed at you) "
soups on
does anyone know a celebrity i look like? the only one i've ever heard was <propmale> pratt <propfemale> yeah   anyone?
thinks the zac brown band is the best country band out right now
thinks <propfemale> is the itch that i just can't scratch
"don't trust the police, don't trust the police!"
"sweet, found out where brotherton lobby is at"
"economic hw strikes again, and ruins another evening!"
back from being an awesome  leader lol
if the groundhog says six more weeks of winter i'm going to murder him
studying for the economics test blerg
"crap, looks like i'm gonna have to murder me a groundhog "
made it on teh fall semester <propfirst>'s list!
omgosh i have a cousin who is gonna be on 16 and pregnant on mtv lol
for whatever reason i actually like lopez tonight
"ok, the ads on facebook know my age now and it's really starting to creep me out "
200 down 550 more to go
100 more to go!
840! gosh that was long!
all those years of watching judge <propfemale> have finally paid off lol
spongebob camping ep!
"oh gosh, power flickered, please stay on!"
did anybody know who <propfemale> <propmale> was?
zombieland is one of the best movies ever!!!
prelims in 1 hour!
prelims!
anyone know what tito said?
who dat
finally a good comercial lol
yyyyeeeeaaahhhhhh!!!!
<propfirst> <propmale> ftw
you see that? i did 
ok i hate the new layout already
annotated bibliography ftl also no spell check on the new facebook! gah!
curse you <propfirst> osbourne and your reminder of when love was young and innocent!
ugh long long day already
too many formulas in microeconomics!
ok the hw was way easier than the actually studying for it
"ok if every public school in wv is closed along with several colleges, then uc should be closed too"
"wow, my road is completely ice and there is no way i can make it school tomorrow, srs close schools once in awhile people  if my road is so bad tow trucks won't come up it, i should be exxcused lol"
ugh gotta go to school today   
"ok, superbad uncut ruins the movie entirely"
"thank god they found balloon boy, i was afraid that <propfirst> <propmale> was ordering take out from heaven "
"ok, if u appeared on who is viewing my profile the most often, it's full of crap"
can't believe i have to go through sugar withdraw again!
i finally understand the song who let the dogs out lol
best thing about single awareness day? spongebob valentines day episode!
"people should stop joining all of these groups that have to do with food, it's making me insaneky hungry!!! lolz"
why do people hate nickelback so much?
just wasted 2 <propfemale> of my life watching a hampster eat popcorn on a piano   totally worth it!
for srs uc just close down already!
"not gonna lie, diary of a wimpy kid looks hilarious!"
just realized this bits has 48 questions!
ok facebook is being retarted
i don't care what anybody says i love batman the brave and the bold
ufc!!!
can't believe <propfirst> lost
milf: mom i'd like to facebook lol
i pwn at uno
just realized it's sunday night
totally watchin' <propmale> gump every night this week
<propmale> gump
found mah phone
3rd night of <propmale> lol
"just when i thought making food was gonna be harder to make next week, the stove craps out!"
preparation h commercial always make me lmao
not on facebook don't im me lol
4th day of <propmale> gump
5th night of <propmale> gump!
about to enter the danga zone!
"ok rebok shape shoe people, none of the girls butts on ur commercials look good"
<propmale> gump day 6 just one more day to go
apparently my little cousin is afraid of <propmale> e  cheese
one more week till springbreak
usa usa!!!
4 more days to go
can't wait for summer so that people will stop complaining about it
apparently i smell like marijuana lol
ssssssssssspppppppppppprrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnngggggggg
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkkk
totally did that in the wrong order lol
"huh, hitch is on"
the children of men is actually a pretty good movie
"   and now i'm getting excited for galaxy 2, make that 5 games i'm gonna preorder"
notin' like the first car wash after a long winter
anybody wanna reccomend a game or movie to rent?
i love you spring break
"ugh, i hate waiting for grades to be posted"
i hate you leg day
<propfirst> haim died
omgosh <propmale> evans on meet the browns
i love u crank 2 hope there's a third one   
"oh, we better not lose to notre dame"
really glad we didn't lose to notre dame
"spring cleaning and pokemon, that's what this day means to me"
"ok, that was the most biased thing i have ever heard"
suck it! espn announcers! lol
got pokemon!
"gamesradar was right, catching pokemon from the poke <propmale> is nerdy fun  laugh "
forgot ow much i love alladin
gonna try to watch <propfemale> vs jones via interwebs
it worked!
jones destroyed <propfemale> first round the end
ea is going to release cartman's version of poker face to rock band!
elite 8!
i love the community
i miss the days of scooby doo when the monsters weren't real
does no one know how to spell you're right anymore?
goin' to uc in about in hour or so and then to nautilus
one resource down 4 to go
done
i shall do it!
"i hate you <propmale> tucker, i really do "
gah! i hate you chapter 13 micro!
still can't believe i missed that ko
go kenflo!
good first rd can't wait for deadliest warrior!
ok <propmale> better finish this! good 2nd rd overall
that's how u do it <propmale>! for some reason i think he could've done that all along i think this was just practice for <propmale> lol
now it's time for tuf!
gah! i missed every true and flase question! lol
"at uc in gsu lounge cause internets down at my house, have to do freakin' bits, i hate bits!!!"
the anticipation is killing me!
"now, it's the game we've been waiting for"
i would love to be a fly on the wall at the wvu locker room
"well, on the brightside, people in morgantown can at least not worry about their homes going up in flames"
tuesday looks like it's gonna be a warm day epic!
gets to sleep in till at least 9 tomorrow
just found out about a huge mine e playful losion in wv  why does it take this long to hear somehing so important?!
"rain be pouring, electricity please stay on!"
"well, at least that means wvu number 3"
tonight shall be the first time and the last time i watch 16 and pregnant lol
cable internet back on!
bout to see my cousin on 16 and pregnant
srs <propfirst> haggle for the paint! it's legal lol
"it was totally all <propfemale>'s fault, but i do feel sad for her (even though she brought it upon herself)"
cglad cable came back on so i can watch tuf tonight!
i like team tito but i'm rootin'  for the short guys
hopin' green hair would win but oh well
thought i was gonna be late but the teacher doesn't even show up on time lol
"somehow, through a convoluted mess i am getting <propmale> hazelett's autograph lol"
"taken out by random heavy rain, westboro baptist church protested my university, and am getting mailed a ufc fighter's pic with his autograph   all in all quite a weird day lol"
reeeaaaalllyyyy doesn't want to do bits
"ugh, allergies in full effect got to go out to corridor g tomorrow though"
"has to avoidd all media of the ufc 112 untill 10, i hate when it's tape delayed"
"crap couldn't stay away from media, but i know who won all the fights except for the <propmale> <propfemale> fight if anyone want to know"
well that was lackluster   
why was i born with allergies?!
i love u dr  horrible sing alon blog  laugh 
"ugh, when i become a cpa i shall refuse to do any assignment that requires bibliography!!!"
does anyone know the name for turnitin class for the thic paper due tomorrow?
"just found out that the song from mulan \i'll make a man out of you\"" was <propfirst> by <propmale> osmond  mind=blown"""
tuf!!!
so i got a 44% on turnitin   i'm a little worried
"has to do micro hw, write a two <propfemale> essay, and study for a business law exam with notes that is at least 10 <propfemale>s long  so yeah my life is fun lol"
"literally just washed my car yesterday and it is convered entirely in pollen  see, this is why we can't be friends spring!!!"
don't be hatin' i'm masticatin'!
watchin' strikeforce
"ok, people who say shinya aoki is the greatest fighter ever can stfu"
strikeforce is bad for mma you head it here first folks
boondocks season 3!!!!!!
i hate finding out stuff like what a blue waffle is
card games on motorcycles?
do all my groups what a free ipad?
"seriously <propfemale> degeneras, you have the worst taste in musical ability"
i'm callin' the spartan to win
called it!
done with the research paper which means i love life again!!!
tuf!
one class down 5 to go
aaaaaaaadddddddddddddddvvvvvvvvvvvvventure time!
"wow, lota hate goin' towards tebow huh?"
"wow, somehow i got a zero on the turnitin originality report"
"ugh, just found another one  for all those brave enough google that's not sexy and hit i'm feeling lucky "
alladin? yes please!
seein' if faceplam works
"look lunchables, if a kid summoned seals by making seal noises he would not be considered 'cool' nor 'popular ' he would be forever know as the wierd kid who talks to seals "
awesome fight!!!!
i hate u automated telephone sevices
4 more days!
2 down 3 to go
what time is it?
monster's inc  2? i hope it's as good as the last one   
so i'm sitting here in the library and i look up to see a framed photograph of a dog's butt covered in flys hanging on the wall  i really don't understand what <propmale> is anymore 
"i hate you, comm103 essay"
atilah the hun vs  <propfemale> the <propmale> on deadliest warrior! i'm callling <propfemale> 
"so, i was wrong there's a first lol"
well tonight i need to write an essay and stuohwait!!!! no i don't i'm done with school!!!!
stupid skate 3 demo only lasts 20 <propfemale>
i swear i miss the community by a hair every week!!!
"school's over, ufc demo comin' out shortly, and made it down to 10% body fat (from like 18%) all in all a great day  laugh "
just got my ufc demo code!!!
"so, sherlock holmes is actually a great movie, deffinitely recommend it!"
tmnt 3!
"still has an overwhelming urge to do homework, though there is none"
"split second, skate 3, red dead redemption, <propfirst> galaxy 2, and ufc 2010  is the game industry trying to bankrupt me?!"
is procrastilaxing
"just got my autograph of <propmale> hazelett, trying to find a way to upload it to facebook"
i miss when stewie was evil
phile fan gets tasered = hilarity
just realized that i'm playing the first skate and not the second one
"we didn't move for like a <propfemale> then she freaked out and \locked herself in my bathroom  she eventually took off and i haven't \heard from the cops so i should be ok  i told my mom and my mom got \scared and said you're living with ur auntie and uncle in bel air  so i \whistled for a cab to sit on my throne as the <propmale> of bel air "
"since school's over i though id share a personal story of mine that \happened over the semester  so i just started to date \this girl and i ended up hitting her  now i have never hit a girl \before, but she was just starting talkin bad about my family so\ i just snapped "
"good news everyone! i have invented a device that everytime you see my picture, you can hear my voice "
is going to a wake later  here's to hoping that i don't bust out into uncontrollable laughter like last time 
already made an accidental joke about the wake   this is not gonna end well
the biggest gay guy i have ever seen at dq gave me a look like he wanted to do real bad things to me
totally rockin' the pale this summer  laugh 
shogun ko'd machida!!!!!
iron man at 11! can't wait!!!
"put car in shop, saw iron man 2, rebought super paper <propfirst>, and pre ordered red dead redemption and ufc 2010  all in all a full day "
what time is it?
"seriously, zac brown band has to be literally the best country band out right now "
"just watched the marriage ref, pretty painful e playful erience"
ugh three more days until work
"just got done eating a bunch of chips when i received an email from diabetic health  not gonna lie, i'm a little bit worried "
can't stop playing the split second demo   also internet back on!
"spike ultimate fights!!! also, first review for red dead redemption came in and it received a 9 75 10"
"wow, a celebrity died that i actually will miss  r i p  dio "
"party's over, gotta start work tomorrow   "
"beat red dead, now gettin' pumped fir ufc lol"
got ufc and for some reason the strategy guide! lol
in all the excitement i forgot rampage vs <propmale> is tomorrow!!!
ufc tonight can't wait!!!
just found out the hard way i am very very out of shape lol
"ugh, anxiety makes me anxious"
"westboro has gone too far, i will avenge you dio i swear!!!"
willpower: running while not throwing up
just molded my first mouthguard!
rampage on raw tonight!
"despite google, finding stuff on the internet is hard"
"if\ you like this status, i will post something on your wall that i like \about you  make this your status if you want a challenge "
"ugh, i hope this isn't a stomach virus  on the plus side i get to see the nintendo and sony press conferance now  laugh "
<propfemale> ocarina of time for 3ds  if u excuse me i have to go insane out of sheer joy for awhile 
made the <propfirst>'s list for both semesters!  laugh 
i think i will finally buy a rock band  rock band 3 just looks amazing!
walkin' home from kalea's party (which was awesome  laugh ) and saw to deer packs dukin' it out srs 
<propmale> hamill vs jardin is turnin' out to be really awesome!!!
"i love you, toy story 3 soundtrack"
i hate vuvuzelas
just watched <propmale> sprinsteen murder london calling
"ok, the point of blowing something annoying is to throw off an importan shot (like a foul shot)  not during the entire game!!!"
gggoooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ha fedor lost  <propfirst> laughes  good night for all  laugh 
headin' out   again lol
sherlock holmes 2  december 2011
"new 3oh!3 album streets of gold, do have!"
ufc 116 weigh ins!!!
ufc 116 weighns!!!!!!!!!!! gah ufcnerdsplosion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
never wanted a saturday to come soooo sooon before!!!
gah!!! the suspense is killing me! i can't wait another hour!!!
"dude, best night of ufc fights ever "
notin' like celebrating <propfemale> like blowin' a piece of it up!
"like\ this status if you wanna know my first impression, like, dislike, &\ confession"
<propfemale> <propmale> is cooler than me and smarter
"inbox\ only : tell me something you have always wanted to tell me and it stays\ just between us  set this as your status and see what all you get!"
what's a good excuse for procrastilaxation? shoulder bursitis 
i kinda feel sorry for <propmale>   
tis good to be off work
the shake weight for men is really starting to creep me out
out to a wedding later
"tired, being this awesome takes a toll on the body"
"¡buzz\ lightyear <propmale> rescate!"
"hey yo they call me <propmale> peezy\i make it look eazy\hey shawty wanna squeeze me\because my pocket so cheez-aughahgha!!!"
i don't think i have ever been this boredddddddd 
"i have cdo, it's like ocd except they're all in alphabetical order  as they should be!!!"
i hate it when i leave my facebook on and i'm not at the computer!!! > sad 
"like\ this and i'll tell you something i like about you"
i seriously hate it when i think i've sent a txt but then i look at my phone and it's like nope!!! mwuahahahahahaha!!!
"for some reason, lately girls have been teaming up against me"
my life is ruled by women i swear
i get more stare downs from deer than i do people i swear
i'm surprised people are still surprised by me
   my eyebrows hurt
gonna watch the da vinci coed and see if it's any good
"just helped dad make a kings <propfemale> quartet fan <propfemale>, feel free to like away!  laugh "
someone's ear is in danger of having hair brushed over it
somebody hit somebody!
the stupid things i do are only second to the stupid things i say 
i have the <propfemale> of a chimpanzee on adrenaline i swear
"it may only be tuesday, but it's already been an eventful week"
finally!!! i feel like i'm that last person on earth that's gonna go see inception!
"i hate you, ending of inception  seriously, tops are gonna freak me out for years now"
crappy movies on fx always get in my way of watching mitm
i am perpetually stuck in my awkward teen years
i swear i mow down at least 12 butterflies a day with my car
is creeping your profile
storms a brewin   
man i hate forgetting bdays
"ufc versus 2! already a good card, just wish they'd broadcast it already!"
finally!!! it's time!!!!!
"is about to face his greatest fear, meeting new people  surprise "
shark week and and <propfirst> cash at san <propmale>  finally something on tv and they're on at the same time! -_-
thunderstorms ruin everything > sad 
<propmale> fergusen is having a special on discovery at 10 about sharks  words can't describe the amount of joy within my heart
thanks again for all the birthday wishes!!!
"just saw salt  *spoiler alert* <propfemale> <propfemale> is still really, really good looking "
"okay,\ first person to like this status i'll change my last name to your last \name for two days  second person to like this status i'll write \something i like about you on your wall, and the third person to like \this status i'll give you my number  well that is if you don't already \have it "
cannot tell who his friends are anymore!
"well, not everyone won but usa 3 brazil 2!!!"
family reunion   yay
"if life e playful erience has taught me anything, it's that it is better to lie than tell the truth in some situations"
"on the plus side though, last week of work whoo!!!"
just sunk in that he's not a teenager anymore
"while it kinda drags a bit near the 3rd act, the other guys is hilarious!!!!"
"i don't mind working outside,, i just don't want to work outside when it's 95 degrees!!!"
is cooler than playing hungry hungry hippos backstage at a dragonforce concert
"i don't know why i plan anything anymore, it always falls through  on the plus side, last day of work tomorrow!!!  laugh "
i shall exterminate everything around me that restricts me from being my own master
"saw someone use a payphone today  it was, interesting?"
is obsessed with ted com
wished for one day fb wouldn't mess up
reading through old myspace comments  it's nostalgic 
wv state fair time!!! txt me if u need me (or just want to)!
"back home from the state fair, which was surprisingly better than i thought it was gonna be  even the motox show was good!  laugh "
oh my gosh another jehovah's witness?! at least i have clothes on this time 
out and about  gosh i'm nervous  confidential 
"when all else fails, you always have delusion"
"for some reason or another, the lady's at the uc bookstore are always nice to me "
"this, is totally not goin' well"
"wow, this part lasted waaaaayyyyyy longer than i thought it would  glad i don't have to work 2 jobs lol"
wishes his friends could come to his house one time and not vandalize something
"just found out they're making a gatchaman movie  man, it is good to be a nerd in the 21st century "
<propmale> mo lawal watches dragon ball z  i may be a fan now lol
how did i just find out about freaks and geeks?
power is back on and i am back from my dad's sing  which was actually pretty fun even if it did smell like old people lol
"hah, <propfirst> lashely got tko'd"
<propmale> mo ko'd = joy
i think i'm the only one on facebook that isn't going to school
nothing describes the disgusting feeling of a guy walking out of a bathroom and laying the magazine he was reading right beside you 
"first day of uc, i am filled with anxiety!  joyful "
kimbo slice is going to be a boxer  if pro boxing wasn't so corrupt i would say he had no <propmale> 
ufc 118 weigh ins!
just downloaded skype  yay?
holy crap i knew of the guys on the news that are being arrested
in the hall
"sometimes, i just want to copy someone else's status, word for word, and see if they notice "
"gonna go ahead and call this now, just like the last 2 cards every <propmale> win tonight is gonna be by submission "
"dude, go <propfirst>  i am officially a fan "
i'm only 3 days into college and i've already forgotten to do my homework 
"ah, procrastination, we meet again!"
i have never been exhausted physically and relaxed mentally as i am now 
anyone goin' to the evcs volleyball games tonight?
"so, the switch is an awesome movie"
notin' to watch so i'm gonna buy shark fights  i do love bas rutten after all  laugh 
"for some reason or another, test day always brings the class together"
"<propfirst> <propfirst> in an mma comedy? yes, please!"
"dang it heritage! you're not supposed to have doughnuts, peanut butter balls, pie and cake "
finding out chael sonnen got caught with steroids makes me a sad panda  sad 
is incredibly busy this week!!!
"vitor belfort hurt, nate marquart is replacing him for the okami fight  ugh, it's 2009 all over again!"
"2 tests, 2 presentations, a book report, and other misc hw  i'm at the stress level called ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!"
it's official belfort vs  <propfemale>
i got new neighbors    yay?
i do not like <propfirst> on youtube nor do i like the <propfirst> icarly ep  but the <propfirst> tv movie was pretty darn funny for what it was 
my mma filled day is about to end with ufc!!!
one of the most boring ufc's in a long time
"why is it when i really want to do something, i can't seem to be anymore busy?"
"life is <propmale>, life is grim, and without a sense of humor, it is deadly "
forgot the feel of shock when you're searching for a paper and underneath it is a madagascar cockroach   
"no class in world cultures! whoooooo!!!! yeah, i know no one cares lol"
is getting his priorities in order 
the director of watchmen and the writers and producers of the dark knight making the next superman movie? me =  laugh 
if you get  random email from me don't open it  i have no idea what's going on 
i think my mom thinks that coonskin is haunted or something 
4 day weekend with a free ufc saturday! it's gonna be a good week  laugh 
funnest thing to google right now? 'stay classy'
aaaand now i have a <propfemale> pong table lol
just found out that that chile mine collapsed on the same day as my bday  coincidence?
if ur watching colts vs the washington red skins is the sound messed up? like is the spanish broadcast overlapping?
"i gotta get in better shape lol also, <propmale> vs  cain saturday! my gosh i cannot wait!!!"
where is my water buffalo?
"after an absolutely depressing friday, i get saturday that is just filled with disappointment! pfft, oh well i'll just make next week my week  also, as long as carwin walks the earth cain will not remain champ "
if this weekend has taught me anything it is that i need to stay off of facebook for awhile   
wec and ufc and going to merge  noice 
is powering through this stupid essay
i feel like today's classes were designed to make me stupider -_-
"ever make a decision then immediately be like ohmygoshwhydididothat?!?!?!?!? yeah, got that feeling going on right now "
elk elementary center brings back so many memories  smile 
firearms are second only to the constitution in importance; they are the peoples' <propfemale>'s teeth  -<propfirst> washington
"ugh, i hate having that hunger that makes me want to eat everything!!!"
almost forgot to set the clocks back
you can illegally kick a ball? mind = blown
has actually prepared for a presentation  this is the first time in   well never lol
is not amused -_-
"groan, i do not want to watch this stupid movie"
"if i try to lose the game and succeed, do i win the game?"
"accidentally, dropped my mouse into a glass of water i was drinking and now it won't work right  ugh, i always do this sort of crap "
i should never get an email titled acct 301 october 11 without the contents being class is cancelled!
wouldn't it have made more sense to release cod: black ops on veterans day?
is watching ufc 122 and the manny pacquiao fight  *spoiler alert* mma is far more exciting than boxing  a shame really 
"well, at least the pacquiao <propmale> fight was good  not worth 55 bucks though   "
"well, this sucks  sad "
"cowboys beat the giants?!!! oh, be still my cynical heart "
"so, j k  rowling said she's going to make more <propmale> potter books  yay?"
"i still have no clue what the names of my new neighbors are, so for the past couple of weeks i have been calling them the dinkleburgs  if you have ever watched fairly oddparents you can imagine the absolute fun i am having right now "
wishes <propmale> could've gone to the concert with me    *sigh*
"wow, i'm actually doing stuff this thanksgiving break  out to corridor g tomorrow "
many awkward things have happened tonight 0_o
i don't know who i am anymore
"i honestly have more homework this week then any other week this semester  oh well, gonna go to the mall tomorrow for christmas shopping "
"wow, <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world is a actually a pretty fun movie to watch "
"i have to head out and about today, tomorrow, and black friday   laugh   smile   annoyed   annoyed   sad   crying  > crying "
"was about to log into myspace for the first time in forever when it asked me to login via facebook  yeah, facebook won lol"
"bored, send me a question to my and i'll answer it 100% truthfully  or heck, ask me multiple questions if you want, i ain't go notin' to hide "
"took a break from hw to watch the cowboys saints game  yeah, that was the moral boost i needed "
"ugh, i hate it when facebook isn't working right "
"why, hello, <propfirst> movie  i did not e playful ect to see you on tonight "
"<propfemale> is a beautiful angel, and like an angel she will live forever! until she dies "
rip <propfirst> nielsen  sad 
"no shirts, no shoes, no service  so, being pantsless is totally cool then?"
so pumped right now  ralphie may on the <propfirst> rogan podacast!
great main computer crashes so i can't print anything at the house  i think i can still get everything done if nothing else goes wrong *waits for the inevitable*
"change\ your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the \goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday, dec  6th  help raise \awareness about the fight against child abuse neglect  encourage friends\ to do the same"
tuf finale!
worst refereeing i have ever seen 
my dad actually fell asleep during the commercials while watching the tuf finale lol
i'm starting to recognize people on facebook by their cartoon pics
"ok, my facebook updates are officially bipolar > sad "
"i'm not so surprised the cowboys beat the colts, as i am that the cowboys beat the colts with a field goal "
7 essays    done!!!  laugh )))))
just finished my creativity project  it is over 25 pages long  take that my well being!!! *blacks out*
"taking first final today  it's 20 degrees, i have a headache, and teenage dream is stuck in my head  let's do this "
"the charlies brown christmas special always makes me happy, exception bar none "
suit? check  note cards? check  confidnece? double check  super slick shoes that could make me fall and break my tail bone at any given moment and ruin any confidence i have been able to muster? check  let's go give that presentation and when that money!
"ugh, powering through studying for the final final "
"resistance 3, uncharted 3, and batman arkham city all for the vga saturday and i'm gonna miss 'em all!  annoyed "
"woah, now i can see what people commented on other people's stuff on their (and mine's) profiles  facebook is kinda gettin' trippy   "
"that's a wrap, son  done with school for the semester! concert and ufc party tomorrow, can't wait!!!"
"finally got a new phone, son! so i need <propfirst>  message me, text me (i have the same number), or comment on this status with ur number if you are so bold  thanks in advance!"
@<propfemale> super pokin everybody out here
"well, obviosly we have a super poker in charleston\she coming to yo' concerts with no gloves on\tryin' poke everybodu so hide yo kids hide yo wife\hide yo kids hide yo and hide husbands cause she pokin' errbody out here\\you don't have to come an confess we gonna find you we gonna find you\so you can run and tell that run and tell that\run and tell that home home home girl\\<propfemale> <propfemale> holcomb"
durr smile 
"well obviosly we have a grinch in whoville\he's climbin down yo chimney snatchin yo presents up\tryin 2 take em so you need 2 hide yo trees hide yo lights\hide yo trees hide yo lights and hide yo whohash\because he's taking every last food scrap\we don't need to open up gifts we still gonna sing\you cant stop us it's still christmas\so u can run and tell that run and tell that run and tell that\fah who fah who foraze"
"ok, my facebook updates just don't work anymore i swear "
"ok, i think i finally have all of the contacts i have received put in  if you still haven't sent me your number either text me your name (i have the same number) or post it on this statues  send me a facebook message  thanks!"
naps: nature's time travel
"ugh, how i hate you comm 103  every other grade is posted and you have to be all like 'no! i don't wanna show you my letter grade!'"
i wonder why people keeping liking my comments on pixars photos?
you don't realize how big 4-5 inches of snow is until you have to shovel it off of your driveway 
"woah, facebook memories when did you get here?"
and like that facebook memories is gone
no! i refuse to get sick before christmas! > sad 
just did a donut in the church parking lot
like this and i will comment on my favorite picture of you 
the beatles on itunes? bout daggon time!
the game
just wrapped some christmas presents like a boss!!!
"at marquee now, might be back at corridor g tomorrow  but whatever, that's the future and the future freaks me out!!!"
"just found out you can play snake on youtube \1  pick any video\2  wait till after the add, hit pause\3  then hit play \4  press the down and left arrow keys on your keyboard at the same time over and over again \5  play snake "
riffe christmas tradition: wearing down mom until we open christmas presents early  playful 
"ugh, i feel sick as a dog  <propfemale> christmas everyone  playful "
i ain't gettin' nuttin' for christmas
spent most of the day watching christmas specials  saw snoop dog (dawg?) more than i thought i would 
"silver lining of being sick, i discovered the meme socially awkward penguin   laugh )))"
what would <propfirst> boitano do?
"click on my computer\click on c annoyed click on windows\click on media\click on onestop\listen"
yes!!! i can finally move around without the room getting all spiny!
"anatidaephobia - the fear that somewhere, somehow, you are being watched by a duck"
lesnar and mir to be the coaches on tuf? color me interested 
"meh, i'm sure if i don't pay attention to my phone for awhile no one will text or call me right? right?"
"tomorrow's nye and you know what that means  time to get all those \i'll see you next year!\"" jokes in before it's too late """
i'mma spammin' everybody up in hur!
just found out there are homeless vets camping just down the road  pretty sobering 
"church, wallpaper removal, and true grit (which was awesome!)  quite a full day "
"if you eat two skittles at once, do you taste a double rainbow?"
"ok, did someone change names in my phone or was it just my own stupid mistake? i'm not mad i just gotta know! lol"
i love looking at pics of my friends as kids  so far the best is deff <propmale> meadows 
if you're gonna be dumb you gotta be tough
"as of today, new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \""enable \"" go to account>privacy settings>app and web>instant personalization>at bottom of <propfemale> edit settings"," and un-check \""enable\""  \"cb504cda127ddbed7b1f3e7b21d95673,and now i'm gonna have to go find my legos lol
still kinda disappointed that pies and pints is not a pie shop   
just found out there's gonna be a hangover 2
"if you want to join the navy seals you must be willing, in training, to be hog tied, thrown into water, and trust that a guy is going to save you and bring you back to life  to heck with that!"
men will make laws to take their own freedom away- <propfirst> washington
anyone know what the roads are like outside?
"at concert, needs more cowbell "
"well, tonight was awesome  good way to end the break "
i hate it when i have to go to a classroom i've never been in  i hate it even more when a teacher won't post the room number so i have no idea where it's at > annoyed 
have to wait an hour for the next class so i'm reading a book  what's happening to me?!
"if you are or have a friend in macro, the room number is rh 306  don't read this if you ignored my texts for help, jerks "
my phone is so stupid and i really hate it sometimes 
"oh <propfemale> <propfemale> gunderson , you know you'll love me no matter what i do  smile ))))"
"electric 102 7fm said my status  today on facebook days of our lives  <propfemale> read it, she loved it! also, she got my name right so mad props!"
driving to uc is gonna be so fun today lol
this is a farmhouse
why does my whole computer freeze when someone im's me?
"ugh, i hate scheduling my schedule "
"lol ok, like this and i'll tell you your best feature "
"baby i know what you need\you need little baby socks for your little baby feet\baby i know what you crave\you want to poop in your pants all day long\but baby behave\baby you lookin so good\you look like you want some baby food\baby you're lookin so fine\you look like you might, just start cryin'\im gonna tuck you in girl\i'm gonna sing sweet melodies about babies\yeah"
no cost accounting class!  laugh )))))
anyone going to the games at evcs tonight?
we are duck brothers!
"was tonight like, how many people can you run into from uc in one go?"
"you know what's fun? doing homework for a class where the teacher hasn't even taught the course material, let alone show up for class "
"i'm just going to do what i did when they declared pluto not a planet like i'm doing with the zodaic  ignore them, peace "
first class canceled and now i'm in the library  my life is riveting 
i would like to thank god for sending the rain to wash my car   laugh ))))
note to self: get spring parking ticket tomorrow 
"you and i wake up to the zombie apocalypse  using four words, what do you say to me? note if you comment you must also put this as your status so i can comment yours "
i hate you new youtube home <propfemale> 
"you know, without <propmale>, i really don't care about all these 'singers' who can't sing "
"crap, i like linkin park again  annoyed "
"ok, does anyone know what happened to <propmale> bumper on electric 102 7?"
"ok, just gotta pay for parking and drop a class and i shouldn't have to see the people at student solutions for awhile, i pray and hope "
"srs people, the whole profile views thing is a scam  it's literally just a random number "
woot! it's time to dance with you know the drill!!!
"i love u, free fights :')"
"good fight, <propfirst> may have lost but i'm sure <propfirst> white liked it"
"ugh, why must i laugh at everything?!"
darn you hanson and ur catchy <propfemale>!
aaaaaaand i'm already tired of studying
"but that's ok, cause i'm your average man "
"and there goes my main incentive to get through the week  someday soon <propfirst> speciale i will see you  someday, someday   "
you know what? i really hated today 
one more test and then i am done with this stupid week!
"woot, somehow made it to the weekend  ufc and superbowl? shoot yeah son! also, the steelers are gonna lose, just sayin' "
"hannnah was herre  smile ( annoyed andyy is eatting cookies likee he will neverr eatt agaiin     wowww   "
"ok packers, this is the first time i've rooted for you all season  please, just win this one and beat the steelers!"
really? another fast and furious movie?
remember when black eyed peas' songs made sense?
does not appreciate <propfemale> <propfemale> gunderson's whining 
"i'm a loner <propfemale>, a rebel "
"so, apparently someone from romania hacked my account   "
so it's official the guitar hero franchise is done  i mean like srs they're not making anymore 
out to a funeral  if you need me text me 
"challenge completed, i did not once bust out into hysterical laughter at the funeral  i am way too proud of that "
well that was anticlimactic  annoyed 
the poke wars between me and <propfemale> <propfemale> gunderson are finally over! i emerge victorious!
"if you have nothing to do today, watch <propfemale> grace at 4  trust me   "
is anyone really that happy to be at <propfemale> garden with their family?
i hate it when facebook doesn't tell me someone has responded to something  annoyed 
"oh great, i think i'm now in a poke war with <propfemale> <propmale>  ugh, <propfemale> <propfemale> gunderson was bad enough   "
sweet sassi molassi i'm so happy that it's finally friday!  laugh ))))
i just spelled tyrannosaurus right on the first try  i feel so awesome right now  laugh 
lol sure inbox me any question and i will answer you with the truth!!!
"out bowling with some moderately awesome people  i wonder if anyone will get my \the big lebowski\"" references?"""
just realized next week is  spring break  laugh )))))
"when i'm feeling lonely, sad as i can be,\all by myself on an uncharted island on an endless sea \what makes me happy, fills me up with glee?\those bones in my jaw that don't have a flaw my shiny teeth and me!"
"over 1,000 words and two <propfirst> clapton cd's later, i am finally done with my law brief  now to black out "
"well, my car's clean now"
at least i'm not the only one with the power out this time  annoyed 
the power is out only at my holler -_-
i  have     the power > surprise 
"ufc prelims on facebook, then on versus  decent way to start off spring break  smile ))"
dr  sues invented the word nerd  mind = blown
"despite getting sick and having the power out for a couple of days, all and all a pretty good week  smile "
watching the pixar weekend on abc family  thanks for the heads up <propfemale> wright!
and now to not move for quite some time  smile ))))
did someone just try to call me?
just completely changed the wifi at the house  like a boss
i love it when a trade comes together  laugh )))
spring break is already going too fast  annoyed 
a nice way to end the night and busy day tomorrow!
some old woman in california actually slipped on a banana peel in a 99 cent store and is sueing  i'm just glad someone finally slipped on one 
"why, hello there warm weather  where have you been?  playful "
my voice is about gone and it's technically 2 right now  still an awesome way to end my spring break though  laugh )))
"wow, i literally thought today was easter lol"
"woot, back to uc on no sleep! i wonder how long until i crash?"
"woot, countdown jones vs  rua on spike"
happy violate anyone who isn't wearing green day!
<propfirst> caine noooo!!!!!  crying 
i haven't slept more than 5 hours a night this week  challenge accepted 
"hannnah, made me a sandwhich  it is delicious  smile "
just wow
"so, apparently <propfirst> from icarly is gonna be at the mall saturday   "
chinese then diary of wimpy kid roddrick rules 
awesome  <propmale> meadows bday with him and friends  laugh ))
i declare jihad on <propfemale> <propfemale> tackett
enjoy the temp today cause it'll drop by wednesday  annoyed 
what? the power went out? on the day before a huge accounting test? didn't see that one coming -_-
<propfemale> <propfemale> holcomb is totally fabulous  i hope that i can be as fabulous as she is one day  sigh     sad 
"woke up on a thursday with the song friday stuck in my head  today's gonna be awful, isn't it?"
today i saw a spider so i left the room to get a shoe to smash him  i came back and he was gone  i'm not sleeping tonight 
"you know, the song e t  would be good if it wasn't for mr  west  i'm gonna disrobe you, then i'm gonna probe you  really kanye, are you even trying anymore?"
so pumped for diaz vs  daley tonight!
theme song of today is totally high of 75
"wednesday off, woot!"
new foo fighters album makes me a happy panda
"ugh, of all movies, why does a planet of the apes movie come out on my bday?  annoyed "
congrats on <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale> jeffries for their awesome fight!
yes!!! my phone has unfrozen!!!
thanks birds for the good morning present you left on my car this morning > annoyed 
tree is gone so i'm headin' out  laugh )))
"so yeah, walking dogs was fun? lol"
"my brain is fried, i'm done with studying writing essays for macro  white guy out peace!!!!"
"3 classes down 3 to go  also, i'm going to miss the tradition of someone texting every time i take a macro test "
"electricity is back on!  laugh  also, <propfirst> kratz broke a escalator"
happy easter! now back to studying at uc
staying up late to do work  seems like this is foreshadowing the rest of my life   
i just literally say like 12 mexican hats spewed across the interstate  i have so many questions right now 
i can't pronounce fork without sounding like the swedish chef
