2117d26e4e7b2b1aae908e42573dd4c7
play it cool boy 
packing   packing   moving    ugh i hate packing!
yea yea    yea yea yea!
"there is no such thing as being to smart for your own good, but there is such a thing as being too indenial "
"there is no such thing as being to smart for your own good, but there is such a thing as being too indenial "
im soooo tired 
"tonight was fun  smile   hardly got any sleep last night and i'm hardly going to get sleep tonight, sucks but i dont really care  its summer! have fun  si?"
love is such a lovley complicated thing  never ever easy it seems 
"i feel a <propmale> bit better, still need more sleep though   i cant wiat till august!"
"i need a new good book to read, though the vampire lesat is interesting  i need something else for when i get bored of that one lol   any suggestions anyone?"
ah finaly! i got sleep! i dont look like im dead anymore! well i kinda do but uh the shodows are slowly going away   wink 
i feel like adventuring   but there's no where to adventure to  :[
woot woot! for friday!!!!!
your so good at talking smack you heart attack but your the apple of my eye anyway 
your so good at talking smack you heart attack but your the apple of my eye anyway 
i wish things made more sense
"oh god i hate being sore, anyone, pain pills please? lol"
woot woot! its friday partday!!! smile 
"finally, a good nights sleep  wink "
;[
i hope it rains today  smile 
i'm over it
really?
run run run run run run 
ahhh i need to do my hair  i really dont want to though  hahaha 
in los <propfemale>!!!!!
"i here things dont have to be as difficult as they may seem, but now that i think of it, that is such a lie "
" wink  yay, hehe "
"just put yourself in my new shoes, and see that i do what i want to do becasue the old gaurd still affends  we've got nothing left on which we depend so i waste every ounce of your bright blood and off with their heads, jump from the <propfemale>, i'm not advised"
friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i hope i have fun  wink 
sleep is good   
"if you love me, wont you let me know "
3 more days!!!!!
two more days!!!!
"toujours en haut soulever, jamais triste, comme une fleur que son amour grandit "
went to bed at 2 am and never went to sleep  now its going to be 6 am and i havnt had a single wink of sleep  sujprisingly i dont feel energy drained at all  smile  sawweet!
"i had the best e playful erience yesterday, and i feel great today    smile "
there should never be bounderies to what the heart feels and to what the mind see's  be free   
there should never be bounderies to what the heart feels and to what the mind see's  be free   
going back to work and hope if i finish earlly i get a little  nap lol  smile 
good night   for now       wink 
only into the first week of school and i'm already sick  ah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the weekend needs to pass a bit slower  : i
mmm     sleep   ; ) good afternoon everyone 
three day weekend! woot woot!!! party nikkas!!!
i feel better!!!  finally!!!!!!!!!!!!
"school is out early, i'm tired and a bit sore from yoga, and very calm haha, ahhh its time for a nap for sure  ; )"
i'm bumed : (
every little thing is going to be alright  : )
"i'm sleepy, i need to study    ahh im to good at procrastination  i want my zoon and i hope to god things will be alright soon "
i miss my love   
it's my birthday today and apparently i'm going to disneyland and i didnt even know it  oh! and i got 40$! hahahaahahaha
goodmorning world 
i officially give up  yea
everything just seems to be a mess today  pff   
ganna go paint : d
i feel soooo much better!
happy halloween!
making some yummy yummy cookies!!!
disneyland oh disneyland how much i really really really love you! lol  and i love my new disney cotour purse!!!!
headache!
i passed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm beyond happy i am extatic 
i'm home finally!
"i'd laugh all the way to hell if thats where my life would take me  : ) i know it would be shit for me to go there, but i'll get myself out, i always do "
11 more days!!!!!!
ahhh      it's my birthday 
l'observation de lui que toute se démêle comme s'est levée fleurissant dans la beauté 
today seems like it's going to be a very good day  ? happy easter everyone!
today seems like it's going to be a good day ? happy easter everyone!
tired ?
these bruses hurt <propfemale> <propfemale> much as well my tummy hurts  but i'm still foingto be a trooper and get up tomorrow morning and go to the u of a
bahahahahahahaaa!!!!!!!!!!  i got him hooked!! yes!!!
oh to be a work of <propmale>     
urg!!!! i hate when people don't do their part for the better of the grade!!! it's so not fare!
planning to live in canada because of this hot weather 
my body hurts  sad  i hate having the flu!
tissues have become my best friend 
one never knows the joy they might find amongst the unwanted and abandoned 
making every last bit of life in me an adventure to always remember 
yummm oolong tea ;p
"call of duty at nearly 11 pm, sounds like a good way to be spending my vacation nights  smile "
i refuse! all those fishes can die and be held for ransom like chilly <propmale>! lol
floating neither up or down i wonder when i'll hit the ground while the earth beneath my body shake and casts your sleeping hearts away 
what hoe did it?!
"who go's to sleep at 10?! \ugh! \bastards lucky i like him lol "
how does a person go about making sexy eyes? lol
weird dream 
everything seems like a smooth <propfemale> cool day with oolong tea  smile 
"cheach and <propfirst> - los guys lol \i love these movies "
any day now     
theres so many people here!
i wish i was 21 because theres a drag <propfemale> show going on  annoyed  i wanna go 
i plan on staying awake until this whole thing is over  i need duck tape to keep my eyes open 
this cereal is as hard as a rock!
remember when mtv actually played music videos and inbetween beavus and buthead? i lived that show and i miss those days 
there is such a thing as too much peach in peach limonade  it's like i'm eating the whole fruit instead of drinking the flavor  i née to have a talk with this bartender  i called it 
dying my hair purple c:
i wish all my favorite bands would become best friends and have a really really long concert together wither here or in los <propfemale> and i would sooo pay to go see that and come back home with like a million band shirts and cds hehe  wink 
shutter island oooo      
off to see some dead bodies! peace!
under the sun   smile 
nice dream  smile 
got hit on by the apple store guy    what a day 
getting lost in the stars above 
going to go play with guns   smile  peace!
relax      
i wish i could see the stars as clear as they are here in the desert at the beach right now  ah    if only    soon 
going to go relax and get a tan on my <propfemale> white skin  laugh 
h2o = wet
"in the emergency room \ sad "
infinite 
what's your poison?
i love the smell of rain at night  smile 
rain! finally your here!!!
beautiful night 
i've never been jealous but i'm pretty sure this is what it feels like ; 
"i hate packing! i always feel like i'm forgetting somethig and always something as important as my charger or my tooth brush  i think, since i have two homes in two completey different states i should just have two of everything, one for here and one for there  that'd be smart   smile "
off to the city of lost angels 
hunny i'm home!!!!
"and we'll all float on, ok   smile "
hello night c:
"disneyland!!! woohoo!!! \ laugh "
love will let you down 
i think i'm gonna need a bigger closet   annoyed 
"so i got my schedule, who has classes with me? \per 1: chemistry - lundt\per 2: french 3 & 4 \per 3: honors english 101 cc - bowman\per 4: american history 1 & 2 - shaffer\per 5: honors algebra 2 - bellamy\per 6: health care technology 1 & 2 - abate"
i'm tired of this  goodbye and goodnight!
"i wish i could freeze time for us so that we could stay this way forever, never ageing but  for ever learning and living "
ah    what i'd give to go to sleep right now  wink 
at the safehouse yumm   smile 
"why dont you remember this for a change?\i dont f****** care!"
i wish i were at the beach - alone 
falling stars  smile 
breathe 
haven't been able to sleep since 3 30 am and i can't seem to go back to sleep   sad  i wish i could find a way to relax and stop my mind from thinking so much 
it is so nap time -_-
got my iphone  wink 
"i hate guys i really really hate them, and i hope he gets everything he deserves "
love is a temporary madness 
i'll stop the world and melt with you 
"this goes to show that no one should leave me alone to cook  i'm a horrible cook, i almost burnt down the house!"
"so i'm apathetic and i keep people at a distance, what else is new?"
"i love you so much it hurts sometimes  so much i'd travel out into space just to look for you if i couldn't find you on earth  so much i'd waste my last breath to tell you just that, i love you "
getting lost in the stars 
the lake of fire feels like cool wind 
ah    what an adventure   smile 
his mood swings are starting to give me whiplash 
i need a day where i don't have to be around those who were involved  i need a day where i don't have to deal with someone asking me if i'm alright and that their sorry for what was said  i need an away day 
quiet and cold hearted 
where is my mind?
"just smile and nod and make look like your paying attention, trust me, it works i do it all the time  lol"
and we all fall down     wink 
sick and tired    i wish i were still under my sheets dreaming 
if you don't know who you are then you don't know who your not and if you don't know who your not then what's stopping you from being who you want to be?
proud of myself c:
chilling downtown  smile 
at ze safehouse  smile 
my ass is freezing  :i
ever wish someone would just stop talking?
holy crap batman!!!
i think i just fell in love   wink 
love myself better than you and i can't complain   smile 
off to go see minus the bear at the rialto  it's going to be great!  smile 
amazing!
"life is a painful game filled with spikes, mountains and rollercoasters sure to make your heart race and your lungs gasp for air, because it's life, and no one said it was going to be easy "
practicing my mad procrastinating skills  smile 
some people were dropped as a baby you were clearly thrown against a wall 
according to my phone this morning i had an hour left of sleep until i remembered that i'm not in l a  right now and i'm actually an hour ahead  what a disappointing morning   annoyed 
"you cause unnecessary drama, get over it!"
they always get the best of me   annoyed 
and now for my killer cooking skills  literally  beware  lol 
its a bitter sweet symphony this life 
"i wish my dreams would come true, because if that were the case i would be standing at the beach looking at the refelction of the <propfemale> blur along with the waves "
wisdom can only go so far when your mind is so dense 
getting down in the town that makes no sound  where we keep it simple but make it more complex 
"guitars, family and their music, with wine, liquor, a christmas tree, smiles and laughter  it's starting to feel like christmas   smile "
"su lastimoso cómo <propfemale> asideros quietos <propfemale>a rencilla contra alguien que no hace algo  el dicho perdón para algo otra persona hizo obviamente no es bastante  si desea que ruegue su perdón entonces usted acostumbrado lo consigue  este va sólo mostrar cuán bueno de <propfemale> amiga que es, obviamente no tan gran "
"i'll pick mysef up once again like i have time and time before, this is nothing but a scratch compared to the past "
whats you poison?  wink 
finished my tattoo design today finally!  and i love it! now i need to go look for a tattoo place  this week is gonna be interesting  smile 
don't be afraid to live   smile 
"i will show no mercy for you, you have no mercy for me  the only thing that i ask, love me mercilessly   smile "
let the weirdness go on   playful 
if only time would stop 
hope you rest in peace    love 
your memories will always haunt me like a ghost  to put it nicely i hope you choke  you can call me at home but i know better than to answer the phone 
i'm getting chinese food with kaily and i don't care about football -__-
so i was run over and now i'm not allowed out of the house  fml 
???????????????????????????????????? smile 
?????????????????????????????????????????
"there's a party at my house and i get to play bartender, gotta love today "
it's official i cant cook for shit 
multitasking like a bonified pro   playful 
i'm not heartless i'm just logical  smile 
i feel lost 
in my old home in the city of lost angels 
"so i almost got killed today, again  if there's one thing that i hate about los <propfemale> it's the freeways and the cargo trucks on it  i think i need a driver and a 24 7 body guard, it's settled "
\want to put my tender heart in a blender,\2117d26e4e7b2b1aae908e42573dd4c7,no one wants to live in a world without cookies 
"music seems just as calming as nirvana, while decisions are being made, the world you once knew has flown upside down, voices and faces you once counted on to make you smile just dont cut it anymore, and theres nothing i can but put on my headphones and let the nerve drown out  a reality so far from accepting "
too much arizona sun for one day    it makes me feel sick   annoyed 
i give up on you   
racquetball game then swimming then acupuncture tomorrow    sounds like an amazing day  smile 
relax     wink 
can you say    the human abstract?  laugh 
there's nothing i need except the function to breathe but i'm not really fussed because it doesn't matter to me
can a mexican make legit chinese food?     hmmm    
its done!! muwahahaha!!!!
changeless but yet ever changing 
i want things to go back to the way they were  i wish i had a rewind button for specifics 
and its off! to the beach!  wink 
"smell the sweetness, in even the most deadliest of places "
i'm going to miss you     ; 
