dbcb98b3836427bd8502d2f463eacb2f
making cookis at home its a good start to the new year
confused confused just confused did i say confused
just got off work       its too early noone to entertain    boo!
here we go another blunt to the face   oh well more for me
there are so many people iwant to thank       ahhh fuck it!  smoke?
toooo tired        yawn!      oh well
finally slept     it was great no matter how short it was     what to do today?
roll it up lets get this day started
"is pokeing like tapping someone on the shoulder but more personal, i mean who knows were people keep their cells, for all you know you could be pokin at privates"
trash garbage rubbish how many other ways must i describe ??????
everytime i think things are going to be fine i remember and breakdown once again  fate or <propfemale>
why is the mcdonalds lobby full of momo wearers?
just woke up    shit what do i do now
"i guess i dont have enough(money,things) to be loved "
with every text you send me its another knot in the rope another bullet in the chamber another drug in hand
another time its the sandmans turn
goodmorning world today i plan on being a splinter in your side     its lookin like a beautiful day    my favorite weather cold and overcast   kinda wish it was sprinkling
i hate that shit is round   you can only go so far before you start comin back   grr to you globe
if i stood on a bridge would you be there to talk me down if i started to drowned would you jump in if the world comes to an end will you be there to hold me
"when the sun blisters, when the seas freeze, and the wind sucks the life from everything the world will once again be a beautiful place"
"the great see the world at one end through flattery, the little at the other end by neglect; the meanness that both discover is the same; but how different, alas! are the mediums through which it is seen! (greville)"
there is no doctrine so false as not to contain in it some truth 
our happiness in this world depends on the affections we are enabled to inspire - duchesse de praslin
"money is a good servant, but a dangerous master"
"those who have resources within themselves, who can dare to live alone, want friends the least, but, at the same time, best know how to prize them the most  but no company is far preferable to bad, because we are more apt to catch the vices of others than their virtues, as disease is far more contagious than health "
i want starbucks and a haircut
feeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllinnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggssssssssssss!!!!!!!! who needs them anyhow ::;- 
wake and bake???
do i really have to be an asshole?
why do we have to time ourselves now there is never enough
"hello world, iv seen you from above, iv felt you from below, and i exist on you  yeah me! so bored>>> there has to be something to do"
tonights a big bottle night   fml
just uggs and blahhs so far yeah for monday
someone needs to be entertained! could it be you?
"im losing my mind, i cant run that fast"
why is it that to keep someone you have to be an asshole but supposedly they want the opposite and if your that nice one your shit out of luck 
"they say negative e playful eriences make you stronger  maybe  but the\little annoying e playful eriences just make you skeptical"
have you ever had an insane craving for peanutbutter? now were did i put that jar!
"going to use and be used for now on, wait thats what its been in the first place  new hobby perhaps?"
any want to wake and bake
got blunts? well just the wrap     
somebodys gotta have a wrap
mine is so much better than yours     no arguing it just is
have completely lost my mind and have no <propfemale> to look for it
i am the oxymoron of life
take a deep breath and let it out        stop that who said to continue breathing!
what do you do when your not wanted anymore       find someone else who does!
iv lost     looking for replacements
girls girls girls its all ive got on the mind  just want to be treated right  so i can stop wasting time
fck your faces
yesterday was my bday thanks to everyone for the wishs or lack there of
god i love a good blunt that one thats so sticky its hard to roll cause your fingers keep gettin stuck to the wrap that one you gotta hold with all your fingers cause of how big it is that one you gotta lite like a ciger mmmmm blunt
dont worry world you can due all the horrors thought possible as long as you repent
i'm freezing wish i had someone to lay with
im drowning in my own internal boil my q for another blunt
no phone for at least a week  can still receive text but thats it   what to do now
i geuss a blunt and happy tree friends will have to do
im beat worked 12to8 dismorning gonna eat shower smoke and a quick nap before it gets too late in the day to do so
just cant stop thinkin about you     work at midnight time to rest
i cant manage to shake you    ahhh!
cant make a ho a housewife
wasting time
blah blah blah blah grrrr gl glup huh hmmm bored
sooo bored somebodys gotta be doing something
i need to run away and start over new
garbage! just garbage!!!!!!!!!!!!!
she broke up with me hella months ago and shes still able to keep me up at night  im hopeless depressed over that witch wont love me back  i see nothin to look forward to  plus got 3yrs at a deadend job with no raise or <propmale> of movin up  all on top of movin back in with the rents  im burnt out lost confused and used 
its been a long long night time for a quick nap
bored!!!! got work at midnight  what to do till than    blunt?????
another boring night by myself watchin movies and takin blunts to the face 
another day alone hopefully somethings goin on tonight i need to get out
drowning in the thoughts of fuckin the world
im a pushover time to start being an asshole  being nice hasnt gottin me anywhere
"anybody up yet, my work schedual extra bunk! already off and nothin to do"
i wish i was working just so i was occupied 
i wish someone would hold my head under water
yeah pizza!
for those who dont know  my dad <propmale> mcdonald   passed away at 1215 friday   im sorry if i dont respond   :   (
awake and ready now what?
dieing for real affection
soooo fuckin done
