543a39719b5f20dd3641f8b1fcb294ad
been up for about 20 <propfemale>  now and so far so good--not one single resolution broken yet   whoo hoo
"wow, all of the people i have thought about over the past few years-and now here you all are!! i can't wait to laugh with all of you- love, meggers"
i'm so excited for march! g'bye snow-hello home grown tomatoes and fresh cut lawn smell!!
i am so green with envy with everyone who got to go see <propmale> and <propfirst> tonight in concert!!! please somebody fill me in on exactly how freakin' awesome they were   
it's way too nice outside to be this bored   ho hum   
"going to spend the day volunteering at <propmale> elem  at the \body function\"" event-should be fun!"""
"i went to the \new student orientation\"" this morning at vatterott college--tell me why they said it was going to be just like going to high school again?! -sigh- what have i gotten myself into? fyi   nowhere on the schedule did i see \""keg party\"" or \""senior gyp day!!\"""""
"i love fellowship dinner sundays-today   corn beef brisquet and cabbage!!! aw yeah!!! the <propfemale> rule! well, them and freakin ku!!!!!!! yuh-rock chalk <propfirst> hawks go ku!!!! sweet       k-state 2 i spose     but it's whatever     purple is ugly       smile "
goin to hit the sack early tonite   gotta big day tommorow   it's my first day of school   damn i wish someone would hold my hand and walk me to the door   -sigh- smile 
"let's all take a moment of silence tommorow to remember our dear friend, and sister-and without a doubt the most beautiful and intelligent woman i have ever had the honor of calling my best friend-shelley l  kiser  april the 16th is the anniversary of her tragic accident, just one month to the day before our sister turned 18 years of age  i will always love you shell  rip"
"so i am still in desperate need of a vehicle--trust me when i say that anything at this point would be better than what i'm working with right now, so please, if u know of something-regardless of how worthless u may think it is-let me know!! i don't have a lot of cash to spare, so the more affordable the better!! thanks guys!!"
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 100000788204077"
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky little girl, 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car, license plate: quebec 72b 381  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you  if it were your child    what would you want people to do? it doesn't matter how far away you live  please repost"
"to all of my fb friends--i want to thank you all for the birthday wishes and messages, you can't imagine how special each one of those postings made me feel! and it was so good to hear from those of you i haven't seen for xx-yrs?!!  totally made my birthday a great one!! love you guys!!!  xoxo meggers"
"i am <propfemale> sad!! i lost my brand new phone i got for my birthday! it's been gone for 3 days now, and i am afraid it's never coming home---anyone have a cricket phone they would like to donate to the \let the <propfemale> talk-n-text\"" foundation??  it would be greatly appreciated!!!  ~sniffle~"""
"this morning i took my very first ever \final exam\""!! let me say-it's way different than in high school when i wondered if i got a d or a c   now i wonder whether or not i got an a or an a+!!!  feels good people!!!"""
moly moly---i just checked the student portal site for vatterott college to see if the final exam grades had been posted--guess who ended the 1st phase of electrical mechanics with a 4 0 gpa????????   sweet!!!!!!  who'd of thunk'ed it?  lol
"sometimes late at night when it's all quiet, you can actually hear the sound of how awesome i am"
"time to buckle down and focus on maintaining that 4 0 gpa in electrical mechanics   mid-terms already this week, yikes!  thanks god i'm smart   oh, and i know alot of stuff too!  lol"
"feels like pouting today, and feelin sorry for herself  it's been over a year now, and still she wants to break down everyday she doesn't hear from him   "
can't wait till class tonight to find out how i did on my 2nd phase mid-terms! also i am looking for a job=anyone got a good plug on somewhere needing some really cute help? lol
the message was sent empty
"got my mid-terms back for 2nd phase electrical mechanics--and i'm still rockin' the 4 0 gpa!!  now, if i could just land a job    ?"
"ha ha ha!!! the time has finally come!! <propfemale> has her own vehicle bought and paid for 100% by herself!! if you thought it was on before--then hold on tight, cause this ride is gonna be a good one!!!!!!!!!!!!! ha ha ha ha ha ha    smile "
"and then one day, out of nowhere, just when you thought all hope was lost and you think there's not a <propmale> in hell you'll ever get to talk again    there's a message!!!!! god i hope it\s him!!"""
"i'm struggling with being so freakin happy that i finally heard from the person who holds my heart and being crushed, again, that were even farther apart than i thought we were yesterday   damn him "
the truth hurts  but there is no denying that i'm better off without all that than i am with it  i am forced to choose happiness and success-how's that for karma fate god's will??   i'm gonna be ok 
"i may not have it in me to act right, but i sure know how to get right--because it's just wrong to be wrong, right? right!!"
"head up, shoulders back, smile on, lookin good, feelin' better   amazing how great it feels when you have no guilt, no regrets, and nothing to feel sorry for!!!  god bless me, and god bless all of you too!!"
"i think i'm gonna put on the jeans that make my ass look smokin', the rockstar boots that make me look taller, and the attitude that makes me <propfemale> sexy, and go raise a lil' hell tonight!!!!!"
"whoo hoo!! here's to an awesome weekend for all my facebook friends!! party hard, play nice, and never forget to tell the ones you admire just how great you think they are   it will put a shine on thier heart that will show in thier smile! xoxoxo"
"never shut your eyes to the beauty that people possess, never block your ears to the wisdom, inspiration, and humor people can sing, and never close your heart to the spirit and life people contaminate you with when people are at thier most genuine selves   i love people, and i love all of you!!   xoxo meggers"
"i need your help!! if you are an owner of any available affordable rental properties-and you <propfemale> a respectful and dependable tenant who is ready for the next step in becoming a self-reliant single mother with a colorful past-then i\m your gal!! can we talk?? 312-2338 call me!"""
"so it would would seem that the more you do something, the better you would get at doing it, am i right? well then, someone please e playful lain to me why it is that i am having a really hard time with starting over, yet again?? i've done this it seems like twenty-thirty times already!   --  --sigh--  --sniffle--  --"
"if you are in a relationship with someone, no matter how sucky it may be, it is not okay to pursue a rendevous, fling, one-nighter, love affair, etc !! i do not condone cheating-and it sickens me as to how many guys out there seem to think i would be okay with that  not cool "
"wow how my life has done a 360°! god has brought those people whom i hold in very high regard back into my life, and not a momenr too soon  u all know who u are, and i love u with all my soul and being   xoxoxo"
"in the end there should only be one thing left to say, even though it's the most painful thing i've ever done, and that's to say: congratulations   i wish you two a life of happiness and comfort, don't take your love for granted-or each other "
"aww man   i had to do a master reset on my phone to get my android apps to work--and wouldn't you know i lost all my contacts!  sad  so please text me your phone <propfirst> or just call me soon so i can start rebuilding, thanks friends!"
ho humm   so much for fun   so i'll call it a night   and rise with the sun   and dream of tommorow's fun being won!    lol
is so sad with herself for misplacing her phone--again--**reward** sanyo zio touchscreen andriod w criket   in the meantime anyone have a criket phone they would like to sell me???  please?? call me anytime after 7am 316 729-0471 or 316 312-2338   leave a message and i'll call u back
"heavenly father, walk through my house and take away all my worries and illnesses and please watch over and heal my family and friends in jesus' name, amen "
"does anyone out there  want or need 17\ chrome wheels tires?? they are oober slick and the tires have over 85% tread left on them! they are 5 lug uni's  i need wheels and tires w 4 lug and want at least 16\""   i am simply wanting to trade out  and want to keep them chrome too please    316 729 0471"""
"lookin for anyone in the 316 who would like to trade me wheels and tires   i've got 17\ chrome badd asss wheels w tires that are so close to brand new you wouldn't believe it  they are 5 lug uni's  why am i wanting to trade? i need 4 lug!!! hit me up! i'll send you a pic if you want   thx"""
"is starting to wonder if i'll ever find my true calling, and is wishing for comraderie in love and in friendship   sigh   "
thinking that the new year is gonna be nothing short of spectacular   and is very excited to share all the moments and successes with the people who matter to her the most!!!  aww yeah
"i'm not for gettin in where i fit it   i'm in it to win it  all in or fold--because lettin' ride is so 2008  make a move-cause if you aren't, you might as well be going backwards!!! that's the truth          u know who u are    "
anyone ever try tinting thier own car windows? holler at me if you did and you got some pointers for me--i'm feeling a project comin' on   heh heh
sos i need a job may day stat please help me emergercency status --uh oh time   sniffle    open to any suggestions or help of any kind thx
"hello monday   just thought i would acknowledge you, because last monday i forgot to and it seemed like you were upset with me and turned tue , wed , thur , fri , sat , and sunday against me also!!"
i said brrr!! it's cold out there!!! there must be a hater in the atmosphere!! lol cause why?? it's shake n bake   and i helped!!!
just thinkin that i been thinkin about what he's thinkin bout way more than he's thinkin about anything that i am thinkin about   
"anyone have any contacts in the hutchinson area that could set me up with at part-time job? even if only making minimum wage to start, and not particular on the kind of work either   please? i am looking forward to moving there and as of right now, not having any employment is my only obstacle   thanks <propfemale> much, megs"
"school starts again on monday, i am officially off paper, and i have an interview tomo for a part time position in hutch   now if i can just behave myself!!"
"if you think i'm an awful human being and that i have forgotten about the favors you have done or risks you have taken on my behalf-i want to say to you i have not forgotten, and although my timing couldn't be more off i promise on everything that i love-which includes you by the way-that my debt will be paid and my gratitude will be shown  i'm trying, and that's the honest to goodness truth "
"note to self: always always go with your gut  never lies   unlike man  aka men,boys,dudes fellas,pricks,etc     thanks self! duly freakin noted "
"it's like this: this-or that  but not both  but no more waiting around for you to make up your mind (or to run game)  grow a backbone and stand behind your choice with all the pride of a man who has a prize worthy of showing off  keeping secrets=guilt and shame fear of critisim, and ultimatly a bruised ego "
"sooo-grateful i have the internet at school  makes for an easy escape when the \binary\"" chart gets a little redundant """
"a wise man once said         there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good   so love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living ~ re-post if you agree  gothca b"
"holy moly i can't believe i just walked away from my first serious car accident! i rolled my honda accord around 3pm this afternoon 1 1 2 times and ended up on my side in a farmers field! i only have a stiff neck and a bump on my noggin from the copper pipe i put in my car yesterday that i had forgotten all about till just then lol  whew i don't want to do that again, no bueno!!"
midterms today    yuck  no ride for megguyver   yuck big knot on my dome   yuck   nobody to kiss it and make it feel all better   yuck worms for lunch   yuck 
"so close yet so far away  i wish it was in the hearts of the ones who matter the most to make this temporary like an eternal love   but love isn't to be forced, and it has no reasoning, it just is what it is--and it can't be faked "
if you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1) crazy  (2) i'd marry you  (3) i want to date you  (4) sarcastic  (5) i miss you  (6) i'd kiss you  (7) sexy  ( smile  smart  (9) imaginative  (10) random  (11) hot  (12) imaginative  (13) fit  (14) amazing  (15) tough  (16) cute  (17) i'd hit you with a bus  (1 smile  i love you  (19) weirdo  (20) i hate you  (21) friends forever
