0f5824dcabcbbc7cc622e502f510aab6
fb deleted me
fuck life
idk what to say anymore
going to my pool
feels like hell right now
"\was i out of line? did i say something way too honest that made you run and hidw like a scared little boy?\"""""
roflmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"to the idiots who have have had my password: eat a <propmale>, bugging someone's computer is low as hell   others: sorry if anything unnessacary happened from this account previous accounts of mine; i did not know my passwords were being stolen "
"on another note: some tard actually asked me to go home with him, lol!!!!!!!  bet it feels good to be told you would have better luck taking home a zoo hippo in front of your friends!  some people ask for it!"
not wasting my breath
"those \bumpit\"" thing are completely retarded   """
"is a little upset, but the show must go on"
busy for today
what a night; i think i must be a little much for those poor racine folks   lol
i saw the plot of land where dahmer's apt  used to be    crazy!
helllo world!!!!!
"<propfirst> becker is a truly awesome politician, lol"
go packers!  is it just me of does rogers look somewhat good now?
omg    
mj's ghost? lol   retards
"kenosha: waste of space, seriously "
yay!  birthday is approaching!
re god damn diculous!!!!!!
"im sooo sick of these out of shape chics trying to model!  i'm sorry but when chunks of your fat have to be airbrushed out of the picture, you and your life are pathetic"
"\the fact that just because you look the way you do people think your like some bimbo or something  you are prolly one of the coolest girls i know loldont judge a book by its cover lol\"""""
really wants to throw herself into traffic   to be more simply put for all you morons out there   i better watch it before someone takes it the wrong way     oops
bazooka
wants to launch certain people to the <propfemale> with a bazooka
vr fucking c
"so <propfirst> melcher spilt a drink and gave me regular um um soda with rum   <propfirst> made fun of everyone, and one other douche cunt refused to take a picture with the rest of his st catherine's short bus clan hum hum   but otherwise it was a great night with many uses of the c-bomb and such        i love it!"
vrc wednesdays=hangover
got so fucked up last night during the predrink that i passed out on my living room floor and didn't even make it out! lol
"\sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare\""  what the fuck ever!  alazopram bitches!!!!"""
just a bitchin' good time!
is turning out year number 23 on top   bazooka!
"anyone know how to get waterproof mascara off! i've tried eye make-up remover, dish soap, hand soap, makeup remover and im left with clumpy mascara still and dry watery eyes  come the fuck on! it said waterproof not fucking permanent mascara!!!!!!"
got it off!
a night at home
"another year and i can legally rent a car, there really is nothing to look forward to but getting old!  here comes the quarter life crisis!"
"there's nothing to look forward to in the landmark birthday department, ever again, except being 80 or 90 and not cacking over dead  the only thing turning 24 has going is that it's the last birthday before i turn 25, and then 30  maybe just maybe, one day i can say i'm a grown-up now "
"so someone got shot in the parking lot of wal-mart in racine, on my birthday!   two shootings in how long?  stay out of that hood!"
thanks for the birthday wishes  some people need to keep in mind when their day comes around i'm going to show the same treatment they gave me  the end and have a fan fucking tastic day!
wants to see paranormal? any takers?
"groceries, then filling out some apps   bazooka mondays!"
ambien and a bag of frozen raspberries    not a good idea
nameless sn 3 surprise 1 pm     ugh that haggy whore nameless sn#2 3 surprise 1 pm     i would just shoot nameless with a bazooka nameless sn 3 surprise 2 pm     lmfao i would pee in nameless dad's eyes     and make him lick my dirty anus nameless sn #2 3 surprise 2 pm     lmfao     dirty ass families nameless sn 3 surprise 3 pm     staple his eyes open and then blow dry them     put a mousetrap on his <propmale>
kenosha goes to milwaukee tonight!  bazookalicious!
"didn't go to milwaukee tonight instead stayed yocal   \god damn cum dumpster\""-nameless   \""searching for \""nameless's\"" <propmale> is like searching for a needle in a haystack\""-nameless   if you were there tonight you know who nameless is!"""
"make them sit in a shopping cart with a salmon, tape them, and throw them down micklnley hill onto thin ice"
doing it big in kenowhere!  ridin' dirty!
"\that will be in your stalker feed\"""""
st  <propfemale>'s alumni group is cracking me up!  best idea i've had in awhile!
what is this live news feed shit?  it's stalker feed!  could facebook get anymore retarded?  you could stalk the hell out of someone on this thing!  retarded!
ga gossip girls!
hates adolescents     thank god i wasn't cursed with one   children should never grow up into their adolescent years 
<propfirst> in spandex=sexy
"happy veteran's day!  god bless all those who have served, or are serving our country "
<propfirst> rodgers rocks my socks
god damn
thank you for being my friend and impacting my life positively    smile  and thank god i'm not <propfemale> <propfemale> 
ikjenrotjhidkfng mmmmmhmmmm
"excited for <propfemale> arbor thanksgiving celebration, new <propfemale>, and the packers vs  lions game in detroit baby!  yeah!"
"can you stomach your pitifull, meaningless existence?  i think not   reality check"
being a grade a asshole is something to be proud of right?  yes it is  smile 
keno again  :::ugh:::
fucking dirty detroit got me sick!  that city is a dump!
i'm sick in wisconsin bitch!
101 8 temp! oh yeah!  feels awesome!   sad 
my face had an allergic reaction to an eyebrow waxing   sensitive skin   oh yay   what else is new   :::rolls eyes:::  how shitty!
packers!!!!!
cable just went out   i think this slush fall may knock out the power    god damnit
i'm totally not conditioned for this weather
"destruction, one account at a time"
can't sleep and is craving doughnuts
the holidays are the most stressful time of the year    without a doubt 
eats like a fatass
"i'm a whole lot of \personality\"" right? lol   but i really am!"""
in a good mood! even though my farmville crops have withered  sad 
"i hate december 24th, i hate christmas i hate nye  i hate new year's day  happy holidays and pop yourselves"
tight jeans double d's all the people on the street go woohoo woohoo!  (relax it's lyrics from starrstruck)   anyways excited for the shenanigans of tonight!
"last few days have been a mess but all that has come from it is: i microwaved my phone, and lambeau was fucking cold!"
"some people royally screw themselves over   i know better than to ever care at all   you    don't and will not, you'll see "
yay for socialism!  (((spits)))
i had to make that ugly christmas photo my main due to all the people doing it before me
"<propfemale> and i are going into buisness as gravediggers, and with that bit of info i am going to bed loves! lol"
"at my house, trying to type with my new playboy airbruhed acrylics with the mercedes-benz in the garage    laugh   yes, life is good"
"at my house, trying to type with my new playboy airbruhed acrylics with the mercedes-benz in the garage   laugh  yes, life is good oh and my cute <propfemale> little lexi lou(my dog) is sitting happily in my lap    good things eventually happen to cunts like me  smile "
ugh
"cocaine payne, suicide schroeder, and braindead brandt "
my phone is broken
"spilt coffee on phone and can't type for shit with my nails done, and they are fucking loooonnnggggg   obviously, since it is broken, i can't answer the phone or even know who is calling   leave me a messsge on here for now please, until the pos is backm in buisness  fml!!!! nicci"
light up the night productions models in the shoot on the 12th of febuary:  please check out the memo in your inbox and contact me if interested in any of my services for the shoot
i am sick and this sickness is my fault!  laugh 
"i hate status messages, does the world really need to know what the fuck is going on with my life or what other dumbass thing i did and how recently i royally fucked myself? no  yeah \work sucks\"" \""my man is the bestest!!!!! i love him sooo much!!!!!\""\""out with the girls tonight yay!\"" fuck off    vomits"""
"winner! haha: the charizard: while doing a hairy girl, light her pubes on fire  then, put some of the fire out with your cum  then wave your arms wildly yelling \you can't train me! you don't have enough badges!\"""""
"oh xanax, my dear sweet benzodiazapene   where would i be without all you're <propfemale>?"
"when you comprehensively find a route to elude all the inner-turmoil and narcotize the stress let alone the malaise; that course is additionally tagged by others the route to nowhere, the path to self-destruction  feasibly, i guess i just exist as self-destructive and my foremost challenge in life exists as affirmation of whom as well as what i am; and my path: eliciting the adeptness to change what i can "
"i've never kissed a girl, engaged in sexual activity of any kind, kissed a boy, engaged in the use of alcohol or drugs, danced naked for money, driven really fast in very e playful ensive cars, undergone cosmetic enhancement if any kind; my looks are like totally real, skipped church on sundays, flirted when i shouldn't have, broken the law, lied, stole, skipped a class, cursed or anything imperfect "
silk-stop by!
"a far cry from where i was, but one step closer to where i need to be  smile   couldn't be more happy  smile "
needs to catch anorexia   will one please sneeze on me?
night bitches!   wink  because talking sweet just isn't my thing
"nothing to do, so nothing to say"
facebook-no shortage of douche to make fun of    not ever 
nothing of interest   call me
so bored!  tv time  smile  fuck the stress!
coachhouse!  oh shit!  <:-0
needs to get her waukesha bartending license!  oh shit!
just repierced my tongue    fucking ow
swimsuit show on saturday!  interested?  send me a message!
still need girls for the swim show on saturday!
excited to start my new bartending job on thursday!
what goes around   comes back around               starts new job tommorrow!!!! yay!!!  see you at coachhouse!                  
i really need a vacation    
"passed out with my make-up still on   woke up with a pretty pattern colors on my pillows   great!  now, i can't fall back asleep  sad "
"took a nap, now i have a feeling it's going to be another long night  sad  hit me up"
hungry    time for a snack of ambien   ha!  let's see how long i can stay awake     this ought to be good
needs a second bartending job
got you on lockdown  wink 
frustrated with daily occurences    when will everything finally be okay again?
needs to find someone decent   and fuck chat tonight!  wtf?
nice day    but to big to look cute    fml
missing the warm weather  sad 
kj8i4w9hkjt
"got a new phone, and i don't have anyone's number anymore   so forgive me and send me it please "
why do people feel the need to put all sorts of trivial garbage on a status message? i'm very limited on what i share to the facebook world   writing you life's story in status messages is just asking for it 
"weekend in la crosse, wi  and rochester, minn  rocked!  had a blast!"
"bartending tonight at coach-house, stop by for a drink!"
"weinerfest in la crosse this weekend? or nay?  i love la crosse, but two weekends in a row, whoa!  with a name like weinerfest who can pass that up? lol"
lazy weekend!  can't wait for work tommorrow!  lol!  it's true!
"working tonight, come get a drink!"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man\wishing he could talk softly in her ear    while you humiliate,offend\and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her \how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing\he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a \man   stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're \against domestic violence ?"
pouring drinks tonight!
it's fair to say i've made a mess of myself   why hide under a falsified perfectly plastic identity?
tanning    peace out!
"time to take it easy!  two days of drinking in a row is killing me!  i'm an old woman, i don't have the stamina of a 19 year-old who can pound miller lite all day "
"if this past week is what the rest of the summer is going to be like to hell with it!  i will much rather be back in my completely incoherent, numb to any stage of emotion, winter state than handle this trainwreck any day!"
"despite losing my job, my former boss coach-house bar and grill's former bar manager in waukesha, wi  proved to me that even through the roughest of times, someone actually noticed and appreciated me for the honest, hard-working, loyal, good-hearted person i really am  there are still well-rounded people left in this world who are worthwhile and unselfish    smile "
 smile 
cant sleepfor shit  ugh! i want t o find something fun to do tommorrow!
"today i became a victim of identity theft    shame on those thieving, hacking computer nerds!  damn you, the time, and stress you have brought about by your criminal activity!"
"i believe i have peripheral neuropathy-to put it short, something is damaged with my nerves and my foot has that numb, tingly feeling you get when it's \sleeping\"" and it's been like that for days    ugh   go away"""
sister's graduation party tommorrow    god
<propfemale>'s graduation party today   text it
"after a weekend of family   well   nothing    it was fun!  nothing like pounding it down at your sister's graduation party, lol "
excited for the sheevents parties this weekend!
looking fab now that i touched up my roots  wink 
omg soooo geeked for gogo-dancing at warehouse tommorrow for the pridefest afterparty! yay!
michigan's tonight!
so my life of hell for the next 2-3 years has begun    
cant wait to start working again    damn my foot!
"in <propfemale> arbor with the grazianos  going to the lake house to go boating, tubing, raft floating, fishing, sunning, kayaking and of course eating like pigs the way italian families do!  smile "
"not ignoring anyone these past few months, just have a lot of shit to deal with so sorry if i've been unresponsive "
boring fourth
fucking storm ruined my tan!
"i really really really need to take a pic where i'm not looking drunk, large and disgusting   omg"
"what a mess of a week!  can't stop, won't stop, don't know anymore  all my life i have been chasing something out of my reach   no this does not have anything to do with some stupid guy so don't write some crap about that"
i cut myself on some broken glass in my kitchen and now my whole arm is the size of a golf ball!  probably cellulitis   i might go get it checked out tommorrow   sleepp on it
nothing of significance to put here so whatever
so this woman on the discovery channel is going to be on bitching about her curse off having 100 orgasms a day   are you fucking serious!?!?!?!  you don't have to do anything!  blessing or curse?  ah-duh!
"on my path to self-discovery    aka checking out, not making any decisions yet on where to finish my bachelor's and what to do from there   "
going to the doctor to get this infection checked out again to make sure everything is healing a-okay!
do the damn thing!
someone is putting off her morning run    
attack of the allergies going on here!  had to go to the er for a severe allergic reaction and now have to <propfemale> a shot of adrenaline with me at all times in case my throat swells and closes!  still can't pinpoint our culprit    crazy!
elated to be starting up at parkside again for the fall semester!
fucking stress!!!  all this bullshit drama is making me fat!  i just polished off a huge muffin and a whole box of those keebler fudge cookies    yumyum!  oink
oink oink pig pig do away with the fork!
school starts soon and i'm in a hurry to get an advisor appt  and register for classes asap!  anxiety overload
slept for 32hrs straight!  deffinitly sick    yesterday was a complete waste because of it   between this shit and the anxiety over getting registered for classes and everything completed before parkside starts   ugh
"never apologize for being real    not ever  reality is the enemy of fraudulents, the manipulators, the untruthful and the protectors of ignorance  they fathom an existence in which realistic accomplishments, boundaries and lifestyles are not applied to them "
excited to start school in 2 days!!!  hooray!
the cougar has been unleashed!
leaving for class tonight
after a kickass friday night it's off to suite for another bash 
apologies to all those who sent me texts or called me this weekend and didn't get a response   lost the phone 
"at school now   criminal justice in 19 minutes    got an a on my first quiz!   laugh \beauty and brains! haha"
i have no phone! can't find it
"looking up information to perfect my criminal justice research project even more  smile   note:  i do not have not checked my messages regularly at all, not in like 4 weeks so don't get pissy cause i don't respond   there are other things to do in life besides sit on fb   if you want to talk to me punch my number in the phone and speak "
"btw: anyone watch bits a pieces of dancing with the stars? omg! \the situation\"" aka <propfirst> from jersey shore's face! he got that wrinkly skin taken care of! need i say botox? looks sooooo much better!!!  it's almost sad to think a 28-29 year-old's face needed botox cause it looked so ravaged   that is what tanning will do to you!  let that be a lesson to all you kiddies who fake and bake """
 sad   don't bother me   busy mourning the loss of the packers 
pside library listening to the funny guys across from me shit talk some girl's boyfriend   lol!!!  that's parkside!
"i'm offically changing my <propmale> to procrasination, with a minor in the consumption of edible substances "
phone is lost at parkside     3rd or 4th discarded phone this year!
"bcktrack to last week, my birthday weekend   had a great time in the dells with the family! my sister <propfemale> schroeder played a vball tournament there  family got lost in haunted house while dad ran into walls and <propfemale>'s go-kart crashed and burned  ultimately, i saw plainfield, wi  (hometown of the infamous <propmale> gein)   to conclude, i am greatful to my family for making october 16, 2010 a unforgettable family event"
"i have been slacking when it comes to checking this, updating, adding photos, etc      facebook ultimately became a nuisance   the damn promos in the inbox, stupid messages, people whining in status posts about personal issues    i guess i just kinda lost interest; or you could ultimately say my tolerance for stupity(messages and status comments on pages), creepers, promo adds, and internet drama has decreased"
"attention everyone: what should i be for halloween?  \a) last years cop costume\b) burelesque ballerina\c) rainbow zebra(gogo zebra costume)\d) plain gogo dancer\e) rainbow brite(rainbow gogo furries, and rainbow fishnets, gloves, top, bottom, etc   )\f) dazzling <propfemale> (all sequin dress)\g) jwow\h) <propfemale>"
"i want pictures from halloween damnit!  lol \heaven forbid i actually manage to keep track of a camera   "
on another note:  halloween was a blast!  thanks <propfemale>!  your the bestest
slacking on the studies
happy thanksgiving!
"hmmm    i wonder why i keep blowing up in size like an inflatible balloon, ugh   fatass"
can't find phone today!!!! so    call it!!!! n don't ever leave voicemails    i never check them
really really really really need to go back to bed     disrupted sleep
intro to philosophy 6 surprise 0-8:45pm
btw: i'm going to packers vs  bears nfc conference championship game!
damn
the level of incompetency in this world is enough to make you want to commit suicide
"just now returned the dozens of facebook \pokes\"" i have otherwise ignored   fyi: if you sent me a \""poke\"" 4 months ago it just now got returned """
political science
i suck at checking stupid facebook   just found out i have 20 pages to read by tommorrow morning    ugh
fml
has to read for american politics
"yay packers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  what an awesome night!  i pretty much rolled out of bed and came to school     to show my spiri,t i put on packer pajamas and will wander the halls of parkside dressed in such attire   lol!!!!"
happy valentines day
agony!
american politics exam in 15 i'm not prepared for
"people in my group #3 for english, call me asap (262)930-1625   \we need to get moving on our project    or at least have a solid idea "
"someone in the fam, of the few on my friend's list, need to post the pics from christmas"
since english is cancelled today i'm at omsa doing research
