0d20bd8e89d89f1d2c73aba939349a29
i'm a mother-in-law!  smile 
is ready for vacation  how many more days???
is it july 7th yet??? i'm ready for vacation 
"so, i thought that riding a motorcycle is the best feeling ever  now i know that driving one is even better   smile "
it's finally july!
is on vacation!!!!
is home!
is officially becoming maw maw  i just cleaned my fridge & freezer and it's july  now all i have to do is rearrange the furniture   smile 
thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes  much appreciated  can't wait to taste the food <propmale> cooks tonight - his latest original   smile 
ugh - it feels like fall      we know what that means 
"ah, 150 <propmale> on the bike - good food, good friends, good biker sunday  what more could you ask for?"
wedding planning week     getting the kids settled 
"repeat after me - i will not wear a jacket, i will not wear a jacket, i will not    "
is on vacation! not back until sept  12th or 13th 
is home!! great vacation!!
last day at akron general - we're movin' on up to the east side of <propmale> - going to work at <propmale> clinic 
"should have worked overtime today, but went back to bed instead   sad "
is glad there's this crazy little thing called        overtime   smile 
would someone please tell lebron's mom it's not all about her? and just what is she on? can't sit still and talks constantly  ugh! now i know what it is about lebron that i don't like    
"it's your life, what 'ya gonna do? the world is watching you  everyday, the choices you make say what you are and who your heart beats for, it's an open door, it's your life     "
"one month from today, i will officially be a mother-in-law   smile "
"whew, bought the dress  now i feel like i'm going to be ready for the wedding afterall "
"yay! <propfirst>'s going to church with me this morning  and - it finally feels like christmas is coming  ne ohio finally decided to get some snow  now, if it just cooperates and not give us a huge storm on new years weekend      "
hope everyone had a very <propfemale> christmas 
"white - i know, boring   "
"let it snow, let it snow   "
geaux saints!!
say what? who dat? when the saints go marchin' into the superbowl!!!
woo hoo!! who dat? yeah! geaux saints!!! dat's new orleans for ya!
i don't want monday to come     
happy mardi gras!!! have fun for me!
"i saw a little green grass in <propmale> today, but that white stuff coming down quickly took it away again   sad "
can someone please tell northeast ohio spring is almost here?
now i know why i'm tired of the snow  we had 37 2 inches in february  ugh!!!!
i need three more bricks and three more harnesses for farmville  anyone able to help?
saw green stuff coming up in the flower gardens today  yippee!!! spring is on the way 
is it friday yet???
<propmale> of snow? no thanks    
sunshine!!!
in california!!! but almost over   sad 
finally - the weekend!!
my body hates me  please make the painting stop!!  sad 
"so, how tall can a weed get before it is no longer consider a weed? i think some of those were trees   "
"out of town family in for a visit    priceless; food to feed the crew    $30; trip to the akron zoo     about $7,000  thanks mother nature   sad "
"he's just a man, getting paid way too much to play with a basketball     "
"tired of the heat and humidity, but i don't like the alternative "
here's comes the cool off   smile 
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  especially my brother darryll, who couldn't quite spell my name correctly   smile   love you all!!"
"thanks for your prayers for my great-nephew  this is from my niece: surgery is over now, and all went great    just waiting to get him settled in a room and then we can see him   thanks for all your prayers"
why can't the heat stay away???
if you are receiving posts from me to have you go to a link about a picture of you or something else  don't do it  i'm not sending them     ? virus???
"z     z     z     z     z     three day weekend, here i come "
"life perspective - when the game is over, it all goes back in the box     you can't take it with you "
"great service! broke my heart, but that was the point   "
i'm in love - i'm all shook up    
three days of conferences coming up     need i say more?
"fyi - \yield\"" does not equal \""right of way\""!!!"""
"whew, two nights without having to cook supper  thanks <propmale> & <propfirst>     smile "
please pray for my mom today as she goes through heart surgery 
"mom's\ surgery went very well  both mitral and \tricuspid valves were repaired - no need to replace them! she'll be in icu for a couple of days and in the hospital for about a week  then - home to recuperate  thanks for all of the prayers "
"mom sat up from 5-8 am today and then walked around the nurses station  says the pain isn't too bad  (could be the drugs   haha) just dealing with some nausea today, but all-in-all doing well "
rough night for mom  praying today is better 
"from my sister:   eventful day for mom  the only things left in her chest are one drainage tube and wires for the temporary pacemaker  yay! still having great difficulty with any movement if pain meds are not given regularly though  and her heart just will not beat fast enough on its own, so they're going to put in a permanent pacemaker, possibly wednesday "
"another update:  mom was finally able to get a little sleep last night, and today she is a new woman  walked twice as far this morning as yesterday, joked with everyone who came in the room, and even refused her last dose of pain meds  what a difference a day makes "
"latest update: we didn't see the truck that ran over mom last night, but this morning she felt it  oh well, good days and bad days, right? she is downstairs having her pacemaker put in  she was very anxious about it all night morning  once it's done, i hope she can relax "
"latest update:  mom got her pacemaker this morning (yesterday) and struggled all day with pain and weakness  suddenly, she perked up - shortly before her doctor's visit late tonight - and she will be discharged tomorrow! yay!!!"
whew! what a week    
wish i could buy some pto time to go see my momma   
church 60th anniversary sunday  should be a great day!
"rain, sleet, snow today - thanks <propmale>! tell me again, why am i not the one that's retired? oh yeah, i still like to eat, have electricity, running water      "
"<propfirst> hamilton, <propfemale> hamill, <propfemale> cohen, <propmale> gill, <propmale> paisley, <propfemale> crow     pretty good night   smile "
thank you to all of our veterans! especially my brother <propmale> and my nephew <propmale> 
there's nothing like going to dinner with your hubby at 11 smile 0 pm  at least it's earlier than last weekend 
how many more days til vacation?
one more day    
vegas - here we come!!! e playful ecting a great time celebrating 25 wonderful years with my man   smile 
"great vacation and 25th celebration!! now, back to reality   sad "
"so, remind me - why did i move here???"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"it's sunday, already??"
"more snow in <propmale> than in cuyahoga falls yesterday, and just the opposite today  sure makes the drives home interesting "
confused    frustrated    
"so, why is it so much harder to find healthy meals that fit into a budget? shouldn't the stuff that's good for you be more affordable than the stuff that's bad for you? would certainly make you think twice about buying the bad stuff, wouldn't it?"
