f8be0932aa93717d6e88b3503875ed4c
any 2010 grads need senior pictures?
you gotta love a birthday that starts with waking up to homemade biscuits and chocolate gravy!
is getting her quarterly picture posting up and ready for facebook  smile 
"new year's eve   a book and a teething baby  this concept might have made me sad 5 years ago, but i really like the baby and the book is a rare enjoyment  am i getting old?"
is changing her status just for <propfemale> and <propfemale>'s amusement 
is thinking that the month has arrived  due in 26 days  i bet god gives us the baby on april fool's day just to make us laugh   smile 
due date: 22 days away 
due date: 21 days away   
due date update: 15 days away   
"due date: 12 days  awesome shower today, it was so exciting to receive so many beautiful baby things!"
3 days until the baby is done 
they told me the baby would arrive today   still no stork 
"4 days after the due date, happily waiting   and waiting   and wondering girl or boy, boy or girl?"
for those of you still wondering     smile  it is a boy! <propfirst> brennan came on march 31st at 11 smile 7 pm  so happy 
has never been happier 
is liking her new job  <propfirst> and <propfirst> are good employers 
doesn't have time to post pictures everywhere   if you'd like to see what we are up to - taylorsgrandadventure blogspot com - enjoy!
time to edit wedding pictures!
i always wondered what had people up and on facebook at 2 in the morning  now i know! they must all have killer tooth aches! at least that is what has me searching for a distraction while i wait for the tylenol pm to kick in   
is trying to eat a bowl of cereal without <propfirst> fishing in it   
has just installed the 'my kids' application
is wondering if the my kids application will successfully turn my facebook account into <propfirst>'s account instead   
"eta: june 25, 2011"
yes i am     a water buffalo     i like the colour pink  smile 
"getting creative in 2011! i promise to send something handmade to the 1st 5 people who comment on this status  within the year you will get your surprise  in order to be eligible, you must post this as your status and do the same for 5 others "
new posts on our blog! taylorsgrandadventure blogspot com
"<propfirst> may not believe in naps anymore, but i do!"
"my gmail is on holiday - it didn't even call to say goodbye  it changed it's number and moved without letting me know  it changed the locks, locked the door, and threw away my key  basically, i can't sign on to my email  hope no one is writing me an important message!"
