1b795a9f7e09f6155cd4715dc0e8a280
hey   where did the weekend go??
and another weekend has come and gone   
  i love that show   bill can bite me anytime    
now   thank you for the birthday wishes everyone   
just want to say thanks again for the  bd wishes   have a great finish to your weekend   
so very happy the weekend is here   now if we can just get rid of this humidity and enjoy the fresh air again    
signing off kids  have a great weekend   
"on this day, we raise our hands in celebration and renewed commitment to the making of a just society  <propmale> mandela teaches us that every human being can make a positive imprint  one by one, and together, we must continue to encourage open dialogue arou"
ok   ive had it   i keep getting shut down in e playful lorer    im done for the night   have a great work week everyone   
sunday   time to myself   loving it   miss my dd who is off having fun in the sun   but still   what to do next?   get ready for a few days out of town   
g'nite all   
"rain, rain go away   my achy bones dont want to play   "
heading to food shop   later
my bookmark option is missing   
hey peoples   whats a happenin?  thank you phillies for making this otherwise gloomy day much brighter!
"everyone have a happy, healthy and safe thanksgiving    what are you thankful for? im thankful for a wonderful daughter who shows me all the time what the word brave means   aside from having a heart of gold and being the most generous person i know!    "
happy december!
its raining snow   snowing rain   
"and finally, the rain is subsiding   bring on the snow!"
does anyone know where <propmale> lyons is?
"a friend of my daughter 's said its snaining out   you know, snow and rain   cute!"
cold and <propfemale> in nj !!
let it snow   let it snow   let it snow! possibly 6+ inches heading our way   cant wait!   really   
its snowing its snowing its snowing!!!!   bea u ti ful    
"ok   third time out with the pup   its so deep he cant find a place to do his biz   so cute, his long hair all snowed up  and face all snowy from snow diving   see pic to the left   bailey look alike   "
"good wintry morning ! 23 degrees, very light snow just coming to an end   patio measures 18 inches, areas of  philly maxed at 23 2   nothing like this since 1996 up here and the second record snowfall in 100 years  impressive indeed !"
"oh yeah  if i could read the dogs mind, im sure hes thinking   so where do i go????"
you know im bored when i am back to spending this much time on fb    
"hello peoples   im not sure how long ill be on   tied to the laundry right now, so maybe for a while   all is well,just had to answer to some smart ass youngblood on my wonderful nephews fb <propfemale> (now if you know me at all, you know some sarcasm was involved)   hmm, i think the kid thinks hes all that or something   bam, take that kid!   ah, the sheer joy of tormenting a young-un!   haha   made my day   "
"ok, i apologize for bustin on youngblood    "
oh god   its sunday already
"well    i was friended this week by a ton of dog people   and let me say i am having a blast looking at pics of all your dogs   not sure how you all found me, but thanks so much   what great peeps!"
"the weekend is here    tgif my friends   what, more white stuff??  lets go play!!!"
holy crap   good thing i cleaned out the garage and started using it   must have 6 inches of snow already   cant wait to see it in the morning   night all   
"1pm   2 feet or so  nice   wind is picking up, it hurts the face   dog is passed out   it is beautiful though   "
ok   ive had enough farming for one night   nighty night   
storm # 3   impressive stuff mother nature    looks like its eitehr ending or gearing up for more   still kinda gray and weatherbug says more this evening   cool!
    its starting up again
olympic ceremony starting    love these games
amazing ceremony show so far   e playful ect anything else?   
to all my new doggie friends i want to send congrats for all your achievments this week   there are so many posts    we are thrilled for your wins!   such beautiful dogs   we are proud of you all   best wishes for future success!   
"im not sure what happened, but somehow an application called   hot naughty but nice(with a sexy pic of a woman getting ready to take a bite out of something, i think)  showed up on my list   i never allowed that   anyone else have that?   when i looked at the app icon, it was  a snowman, so i guess it came thru a snowball fight???   fb is acting up tonight   time out right now!!!"
whats with the progress meters above the games   dont fb  people have anything to do???
im outta here   fb needs a long rest    good night friends!
i wonder if there will be snow when i wake up??
"my daughter <propfirst> will be 23 on sunday   we're going to philly to see the play annie   i hope you like it <propfirst>  23???   good grief <propfirst> brown, where does the time go?"
"have i told you all how special <propfirst> is?   she makes me so proud to be her mom   im so lucky   love her, love her, love her   "
arrghhh   fb keeps freezing up   too many people on at the same time or what   i just got stuck in a photo album  
"snow counts people?    looks like 4-6\ here so far   they say 1 4 million power outs up the coast nj to new england   whoa !!!!"""
help   facebook is frozen and i cant get out     
someone told me enough with the dog pic   what do you really look like now?   this is it   last year   ohkeedohkee?
cool  no weather related changes to the shows in philly   off to see <propfemale>   
hawaii is under tsunaimi warning???   holy crap   we have really ticked off mother nature !!!
"music tidbits    february 23, 2000 - british rocker <propmale> collins wins a grammy for his work on disney's \tarzan\"" soundtrack """
bye bye 2010 olympics
middle eastern?
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i will never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have a loved one in heaven    thanks to a friend for letting us borrow her post   "
"true friend doesn't care what you're wearing, if you're home is tidy or not, if your car is making funny noises, that you only have $5 in the bank this week, or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight   a true friend just likes you for you! repost this if you have at least one true friend   "
theme day!
"you know peeps if you dont want game requests etc sent to you, there is a nice way of saying so  i just saw what looked like a rather rude bitchy post to a friends <propfemale> regarding that  please, if you dont want something you can always block the app or maybe just be nice and say youd rather not get game app requests  we are adults and im sure we can take it  you dont have to belittle someone and hurt feelings  "
time for ice cream!
"fyi   i just sent out requests for farmville plantation 66x66   my anti virus software would not open the <propfemale> as a \dangerous\"" threat   im leaving that one alone but just wanted you all to know there was a problem   """
lil farm life message   cant be found??   is the game stiill active?
if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this for the ones that make this the home of the free because of the brave!!!
villanova beat <propfirst> morris  73 70  sweet!
"dear friends, this coming monday, april 19th is yom hazikaron, israel’s national memorial day for its fallen soldiers and victims of terror   at 11 am, as will be done at federations and jewish institutions across the country, we are encouraging each of you to take 2 minutes to reflect on the dedication, courage, and sacrifice of over 22,000 israeli soldiers and civilians who have given their life "
hello my friends   dropped in to see whats happening and on my way again   hope all are well and enjoying the start of summer   be careful  its going to be a hot one!
thanks to all my sheltie network friends for accepting my daughter as your friend also   she wants to see everyones sheltie pics  smile    thanks again   have a great summer and stay cool   
56   really?????   thank you everyone for b-day wishes!
"thank you everyone for being in touch   old friends, nothing like em!   group hug!!!!"
good nite my friends   
help   my basement was flooded out  sad 
"childrenwith special needs don't have an illness, so they are not contagious  \they want what we all want, which is to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour? it's special education week     and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding"
"i've carried a child within my body  i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have kissed booboos, mended broken hearts, been puked & peed on, woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor or blessing  make this your status if you are proud to be a mom!?"
please prune my plants   thanks
what a glorious day in new jersey   just beautiful  smile 
"i had the most spectacular time this weekend   after 30+ years i had the <propmale> to spend time with a most special friend   wanted to post before this, but needed to catch up with some sleep   happiness can definitely zap you as much as anything else  elaine, you truly are a bright light my friend   xoxoxo"
help    i need a roofer(rain leaking in) and interior repair painter   shit!
"was super happy to have a  <propmale> to spend some time this morning with my very special, dearest friend that ive known for 40+ years   thanks for stopping by nick    love  always   xoxoxoxo"
"promise to my children:i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy,be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends,hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why i do it then i will know you are a responsible adult all because i love you you will never find someone who loves & cares about you more than your mom! copy and paste if you are a mom"
"yuck   my daughter has a stomach bug sad    poor kiddo   feel better soon honey  love ya, mom"
phils take it again   was there any doubt?
"getting married, having a baby, moving, job transfers, etc  are not reasons for abandoning your pet    they are excuses  pets are a lifetime commitment the same as children are a lifetime commitment  we don't get rid of children for \these kinds of excuses    we adjust our lives  our pets    deserve the same level of devotion  post this in your status if you agree!"
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one : to get better  i\know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or who are still fighting "
"each morning when i open my eyes i say to myself: i, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today  i can choose which it shall be  yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet  i have just one day, today, and i'm going to be happy in it - groucho <propfemale>"
"attention!!!!! do not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of mylife\"" it is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos  this was on fox news  please copy and re-post! let's keep our children safe! (this only takes a       minute to re-post)"""
arrgh   who to vote for in nj?   they're all crooks   
holy crap   new <propfirst> ferry release olympia   what a fantastic array of musicians   im soooo psych'd    
s'cuz me <propmale> ferry  i knew that  smile 
"is everyone full?    have a healthy, happy, safe holiday season  smile "
chanukah dec 2   
"what a beautiful winter morning   wait, its not really winter yet   does that mean that the season police are coming to get me????"
oh mother nature   its sooooo cold with that wind   can you take it down a notch please?   but thanks for the sunshine  smile 
"   hope everyone has a healthy safe and happy holiday   just getting over a nasty cold, but wanted to take a  minute to wish you all <propfemale> christmas, happy new year   be safe  love "
"ok   feeling a bit better tonight   strep throat, yuck!!  still sore though   dont think ive ever been sick during the holidays   thanks for all the get wells  smile "
oh what a fun morning so far   meeting new sheltie people and seeng some beautiful furbabies    so relaxing   i need it!
ok kids   going to watch puppy bowl with <propfemale>   
"i'm a little boy with glasses, the one they call a geek; a little girl who never smiles cause i've got braces on my teeth  i'm that kid on every playground who is always chosen last; you don't have to be my friend, but is it too much to ask: don't laugh at me, don't call me names, don't get your pleasure from my pain? in god's eyes we're all the same  repost for bully awarareness"
"g'night all   going to pick up the daughter from the bf superbowl gathering, take her gf home and then get my a** to bed   nice day chatting with all of you  wink "
xoxoxoxoxo  love  love  love  love  love  xoxoxoxoxo  love  love  love  love  love    and then some wink )
"prayer chain needed     prayers need to go out for audrin <propmale> and her family  her two year old daughter was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even if you don't know her, god knows her   please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for this little girl     "
"just finished watching 2001:a space odessey (turner classics, great sunday morning film)    after all these years it still ranks as one of the best sci-fi pix ever   kubrick was brilliant!"
whoo hooo   tonight <propfirst> celebrates turning 24 with her girlfriends   have fun sweetie love 
"this is a friendship ball ~~~~ throw it back to someone else who means something to you! ? a ball is a circle, no beginning, no end  it keeps us together like our circle of friends          xox*•??•*¨*• "
" ·´¯`· ´¯`· ¸¸ ·´¯`· ¸prayer wave¸ ·´¯`· ´¯`· ¸¸ ·´¯`· ¸\going out to all those affected in japan, the pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami  keep this going ?"
feels like a psychadelic day  wink )
have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour  do it for all  there are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting 
"health is not simply the absence of sickness \ --<propfemale> green"""
"public hearings in <propmale>, la, ms, tx, and dc on gulf restoration planning  noaa and other federal and state agencies will hold a series of meetings across the gulf coast to get public input on what types of restoration should be undertaken to compensate for impacts to natural resources that were e playful osed to oil from the deepwater bp oil spill  \addition<propmale> info next status post"
"if you live near a hearing, we encourage you to attend to show your support for restoring the coastal environment  we can help you by providing talking points if you would like to speak (please e-mail us at audubonaction@audubon org with \gulf hearings\"" in the subject)  more information and a list of hearings is available at the noaa gulf spill restoration website """
uh oh   its tick time  sad 
i wish the rainbow bridge had a phone    so i could hear your bark again  i thought of you today    but that's nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and the day before that too  i think of you in silence and often speak your name  all i have are memories and pictures in a frame  repost if you have a pet over the rainbow bridge that you miss here on earth? you will always be loved  never forgotten 
oi vey   the novacaine is wearing off   oral surgery today   yikes   thanks god for nitrous oxide  tee <propfemale>   
no words to e playful ress my profound sadness at the passing of a very dear friend  i will miss you so much <propmale>  
"i might not be someone's first choice, but i am a great choice  i don't pretend to be something i'm not because i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past  but i am proud of who i am today  take me as i am or watch me as i walk away  post this if your proud of being you"
ugh  its snaining again   more ain than sn though   disgusting
"for anyone that was friends with <propmale> kushner as we mourn his passing   i have posted on his fb <propfemale> also   \life celebration at parents home this wed 4 6 11    4-8 pm\870 cox rd moorestown nj 08057\casual dress please"
"courage doesn't always roar \sometimes courage is the quiet voice\at the end of the day saying, \\i will try again tomorrow \""\",08893147a00c9c67f5f50ec846ab4b1f,night sledding was amazing!! lol    we are so going again   and hopefully next time <propmale> and i don't get run over by the end of the sled train haha    i swear we are broken lol
