8d0367910d0976a220e6413e475b76c6
<propfemale> needs a job!!!
men suck sometimes
i have a mind???
i am leaving for california tomorrow morning   i will be gone for 9 or 10 days 
i am home!!!  smile   i missed my bed!
i love my uncle <propfirst> though!!!  smile 
i need a lucky strawberry in  las vegas slots   somebody please help me!  smile 
"everytime i accept a gift from someone, it says i ignored it   i dont know what is wrong, but i am sorry about this "
have a happy turkey day everyone!!!
my birthday sucked!!!
"red,black, cheetah print, pink, white, blue"
somebody send me a life!  hahahaha
"if it has a <propmale>, it has a problem- <propfemale> lockwood   i love this!!!"
"one of the cats peed in my bed, i guess it shows how much they love me!  smile "
you dont want to know whats on my mind!  wink 
is a rockstar in the shower  smile 
i thought i was supposed to be more fun the older i got   shows what those astrology books know 
has lost my mind   will you help me find it??
"went to <propmale>, nv  today   that place hella scary but i had alot of fun   we also went to the river   it was cool but it was raining on us and i didnt even melt!"
does anyone want to go to <propmale> next weekend with me to do the mines tour??
the whole world can kiss my butt!!!
has changed her name to hey you 
wish you were here 
i love you!
just got a pair of lips tatooed on her ass!
i love my uncle <propfirst>!!  smile 
mommy's little freak!
college basketball sucks!!
thanks to the storm last night i need to wash my car!
"i dont know how to watch my mouth, it just goes all by itself "
what's on your mind? is anybody in this country patriotic anymore!?! bra colors made facebook news but will this? lets support our troops  if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!!!
i need to find a job   bad!!   sad 
is picking her nose   hahahaha!
loves dirty tattooed rocker boys!  wink 
"this is holy week    i am out to prove that my friends and family will repost this, i hope i am right!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross, he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost  i am not ashamed!! happy easter everyone!!"
my favorite words are free and cash!  smile 
"i gotta go, my soap is on   god, im rediculous!"
is waiting for the man of her dreams to show up!
"can everyone please stop playing their games\for 2 minutes and repost this    please lift up the <propfirst> lablue \family  he lost 4 daughters, ages 2-11 in a house fire last night  \his 3 year old son and wife were able to escape  she's currently in \icu with burns i don't know this family, but i do know that only god\can heal their lives now  please re-post this and start a fb prayer\chain!"
will never grow up
huh??
"sorry about the sexy kisses thing, i didnt want that on my wall   i didnt put that up there "
boys will be toys!  hahaha lol
i did the dance for my slot games and i still did bad  sad 
is bored!   sad 
"i love tesla, reminds me of the good old days, but so do alot of other bands "
i cant sleep!!!!  aaarrg!
still have not gone to bed  playful 
is crampy and grumpy!
is back to being a happy girl!  smile 
i love my car   i dont know how i lived without it for so long 
what is everybody up to??
"my friend suggestion, just suggested someone i cant stand   lol "
saw a sign the other day   bj $2   <propfemale> and i looked at eachother and laughed 
my first love was <propfirst> mouse   smile 
did anybody feel that??
i miss my daddy in heaven and my daddy in seattle   got to send my daddy in seattle a card 
i am so out of touch with reality
to my daddy in heaven:  i miss you so much   i think about you everyday   i am sad today because you left my life so quickly   i love you very much 
"if you dont want a smart ass answer, dont ask me dumb questions "
"people change   i am not the same person i was a year ago, 5 years ago, or 20 years ago "
received a post card the other day   it had a picture of the earth on one side and said wish you were here on the other 
"nephew got in trouble   mommy swatted him on the butt   he said \you don't spank my ass \""  the things that 4 year olds say    """
"to my family:  i love you, turds!!!"
we got front row for the scorpions   yey!!!   smile 
sometimes i get the urge to just punch someone in the face  smile 
lalalalalalala
f**k!!!!!!!
party naked!  wink   hahaha
happy anniversary <propmale> and <propfemale>!
whats up people???
i cant stand <propmale> and <propfemale>  i dont like upside down idiots either  whats up with the yo gabba gabba  looks like they got a big orange dildo goin on there   mr  french tickles    hahahaha
"i am not a liar   i clicked on the <propfemale> \you will never crack your knuckles again   \"" and it tried to upload a virus to my computer    just letting my real friends know   """
whats up freaks??  smile 
i am a very happy girl!!!!  smile 
is going back to bed hoping the money <propfemale> visits 
it sucks when people you love never have your back 
i am so annoyed!!!!
scorpions rocked!!  i loved it   <propfirst> brittingham from <propfemale> was outside with us   i walk right by him several times and didnt even reconize him   tiff did   wink   he is still hot 
"gotta shave my legs, ewwww"
"i love you las vegas, neeeevada   hahahaha"
"this is just like talking to myself, i love it!  smile "
<propfirst> has informed us that <propmale> is for babies   he is a big boy now  i just wish he would get over the upsidedown idiots and them we will have it made   (i guess being 4 yrs  old is tough)
i had an alergic reaction to this stuff i put on my face yestereday   it is red and blotchy   it hasnt hurt this bad since the wisker burn i got for my 21st birthday 
life is good  smile 
i got to go to the doctor and i dont want to   i forgot the garbage this morning - sh!t!!  i hope this day gets better 
i found a turd just for you!  wink 
"to my seattle buddies:  when you are here in vegas, let me know "
does anyone want my nephew??  i will pay you to take him away!!  sad 
"asherbrown, a 13 year old boy in texas shot himself in the head after years of bullying and torment for bein gay  <propmale> walsh, also 13, <propmale> himselffrom a backyard tree  <propfirst> clementi, 18 & a freshman at rutgers, jumped off the gw bridge, his roommate broadcast video of tylerwith    another guy  today, i stand up to  those bullies in their honor  if you care to stand up with me please post this as your status"
"on the counter, under the table and on a stool in the kitchen"
anyone who is stupid enough (<propfemale>) to leave the computer signed on to their account is asking for it   i am all too glad to give it!!   wink 
you smell!  wink 
nothing like fried lice for breakfast  smile   yummy!
"what <propfirst> wants to be when he grows up: doctor, teacher, rockstar and vacuum cleaner   he is gonna buy aunt <propfemale> a toy <propfemale> and her very own tree house!"
i hate all these dam ads on facebook i wish i could turn them off!!  sad 
school is going to drive me crazy!!!
i need to register for one more class for school   i need to get my advisor to sign off on it   i will be taking 19 credits for spring semester   did i mention i was going to be very busy??
yey!!!  i am all registered for school!!
god i am tired  i think i hurt my brain today 
what is everyone doing for turkey day??  i am going to relax and enjoy myself 
happy turkey day y'all!!!
ok   i hate all of these ads   they are slowing down my computer   i am starting to hate facebook!!
i have this stuff on here!!!!  it keeps messing me up when i am trying to do something   bwaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!
happy holidays everyone!
"for those of you that know <propmale> and <propfemale>, they say it is beautiful where they are   smile "
thank you all for the birthday wishes!  i think it is going to be wonderful year!
hey you freaks!
"some of you people are just mean   hey, if it makes you feel better about yourself then have at it   i know what i am and i know what i am not   i like myself just fine   smile "
we were sent here to learn and love eachother   try to let go of negative alittle each day!   smile 
first week of school has been crazy so far!!
i am getting happier by the day!  i have a great support system!  i love you auntie and smelly butt!
my a&p class is hard but interesting   smile 
i did pretty well on my bones quiz   i am so happy 
mid-terms!!!   bwahhhhhhh!!!!
