11c732e0cea2abe6d33b23bf71c5c621
happy new years everybody see you all next year!
is at home had one crazy new years
is sore from playing floor hockey never played for so long lol
is wondering what the hell to do today its weird being sober lol jk
is getting my drink on lol
feels like crap
is feeling way better
is gonna have some chicken wings tonight!
is just waking up
had some moose guts earlier mmm         good
is not doing nothing at all
is gonna have a few i guess
is pissed off people around here make everything a big deal!
is not doing a thing today
happy canada day
is just going to bed
is going to fairbanks tomorrow for 4th of july cant wait haven't been to one in 10 years its crazy
is going to fairbanks today cant wait to have fast food again!
is in fairbanks! happy 4th of july
is just waking up had fun in fairbanks did lots of shopping my feet hurt lol
is doing nothing at all
is not doing nothing
is being lazy
is feeling shitty not hungover this time lol just i think i got a cold sick this sucks
doesn't feel good it sucks having a cold!
is nice and hungover
is not doing much just sitting around wondering the the hell to do today
is wondering what to do today?!?!
is gonna get drunk tonight!
is at home being hungover i had a hell of a weekend
is just waking up
is just waking up i feel alot better than yesterday lol
is not doing much
is being bored nothing really to do today
is gonna go to wing night tonight
is just waking up cant wait to go to fairbanks tomorrow
is in fairbanks!
is not doing much
is back in beaverless creek
is not doing much here in beaverless
is just getting up out of bed lol
is just waking up my face is healing really good damn stiches
is feeling way better than yesterday lol
is not doing much
yeah party!
is f'n hungover
is not doing much
is gonna go walk my friend to jr 's
is not gonna do much just sleep
just got off my course i had fun
r i p  <propfemale> peters
is in alaska visiting family in gulkana
is not feeling good today
is being lazy
is thinking of what to do today
has actually been sober since monday
has actually been sober since monday
is going to haines junction today
"says \im alone someone save me!\"""""
is just getting out of bed ive been up since 11 but i was laying in bed watching t v  lol
is watching this movie callled gummo its a messed up movie
ia watching <propfirst> lopez: tall dark & chicano its so funny
is just waking and is going to northway today to visit
changed my mind about going to northway today i think i might just go tomorrow
is going to tok today
is in whitehorse not doing much
might go to the bar tonight well ttyl
is back in beaverless creek
just woke up and is not feeling good and i dont mean hangover i just think i cought a cold which sucks haven't really gone out of the house
the day started good but then it turned weird at then end of the night so iam just checking my facebook then seeing if everything is alright
was just playing halo 3 i think?
is just hanging and not doing much
is not doing much
is being so damn bored!
just woke up
is wondering what to do today
is cooking some supper mmm man iam hungry
had a really good lunch today
is thinking i should get out of the house today
doesn't have a costume so i guess i have to make my own  sad 
is annoyed
is going to tok again
is back from alaska
had the shittiest weekend ever
is heading to whitehorse today
gots my cell back so call me at 332-2502
is not doing much
is going to fairbanks today! cant wait shopping!
is in fairbanks!!!!
"is back in beaverless creek got back last night but iam leaving again tomorrow to gulkana lol \on the road again\""! lol"""
"is going to gulkana today \on the road again\"" -<propfirst> <propmale> lol"""
is in tok just came from gulkana but we are going to stay here for the night in tok
is gonna play chinese gift exchange if any one wants to play come over at 7 surprise 0 its kinda like indian bingo
is at home cooking tacos
is helping my boss with her files
is not doing much
is filing its crazy lots of papers!
is so tired of looking at papers lol and iam just tired too i feel like curling up in one of these desks and go take a nap but i cant lol its almost time to go home i cant wait iam so drained out
is not sure what to do at work  but anyways good morning to everyone  smile 
good morning people's
is off to lunch
just got bacck from whitehorse long ass ride iam just glad i had mcdonalds lol
is glad iam starting to wake up earlier need to for my job lol
omg iam watching vidio file lol its funny but yeah iam so tired already well ttyl peeps peace goodnight
feels like someone is hitting my head with a hammer
is gonna go to bed soon got work tomorrow
is not doing much
just finished supper damn that was good
is not feeling good today
is at work finally feel normal
is gonna go see whats going on around beaverless creek
"attention family and friends - read this and copy paste it to your own status to get the word out: if you get a notification that says a friend reported you to facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do not click it  it's a virus  please post this on your own site for your friends"
is not doing much about ready to hit the hay
hot &steamy
is about to go see <propmale> and <propfemale>
is at work got to go to a meeting today its a pretty busy day today  annoyed 
is at work and not sure what to do my boss isn't here but i think she told me what to do yesterday but i forget lol
is not doing much again
is gonna help <propfemale> clean pretty soon
is gonna go skating at 6
never went skating yet just waiting for dj to wake up from his nap
is not doing much here wondering what to do ?
"just came from skating junior,della and i lost to eldred and d j  just by 1 point 12-13 lol in hockey!"
is not doing much checking my facebook again!
is at work right now being i guess i got to move these computer over to the drop-in center
is gonna go up to selinas and play dice
work so good morning peoples smile 
"i love buckshot betty\s"""
is gonna go hiking!
holy shit that was a good hike but iam probably gonna be soar tomorrow but its worth it had fun anyways!
is just gonna get ready to go see <propfemale>
is i guess gonna go hit that hay now iam really tired
is gonna go to tok today to get food for my dads b-day dinner!
my fine is $540
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved  copy and paste if you agree!!!"
is not doing much today just relax
is at work being bored and really tired i got up at 8 surprise 0 it amazing lol
is at work being bored cant wait to go to whitehorse! i'm so excited
isin whitehrorse not doing much just sitting here at the yukon inn i was here all week! since saturday going home on saturday lol
is still in town going back tomorrow to the same ol' same ol' beaverless creek
man that suck canada lost to usa 5-3
good morning ppls!
goodmorning everybody!
is at work iam not sure what to do go to whitehorse this weekend or gukana man i want to go to whitehorse too cause its rendezvous fuck i cant decide and my friend want to see me in gakona its so hard gees iam going crazy
is so mad someone lost my cheque but good thing i can borrow money till tuesday
well i just got back from gulkana i had fun got to see my best friend i haven't seen her in a long time so it was all good but iam gonna head out tomorrow to whitehorse lol
is heading to whitehorse pretty soon but i have to drop off some stuff for people before i take off cant wait to go in
is not doing much being bored as hell
if you are brave     copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative  4: sarcastic  5: loveable  6: moody  7: dumb  8: spoiled  9: mouthy  10: random  11: hot  12: funny  13: sexy  14: amazing  15: beatuiful  16: cute  17: generous  18: smart ass
happy 420 ppls!
goodmorning everybody i never got up this early in a long time! lol
today is my birthday hmmm what to do tonight????
is thanking everybody for the birthday wishes!
just got back lol iam glad to be home!
man some people can just get on your nerves they treat me like that then i'll treat them the same shes lucky thats shes protected bitch aww iam so mad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is not doing much just relaxing
good morning peoples iam surprised iam up this early
is having buckshots
good morning peoples it looks nice out today! am gonna go 4 a walk later after i have my cup of coffee!
goodmorning peoples just got back lastnight from whitehorse it was fun can't wait to go back soon but anyways sure looks nice outside today! gonna go for a walk later
is off to 1216 4 today i hope its not to boring
is not doing much i keep on forgetting to go over to the school and go to <propfemale>s native language classes lol oh well i'll tryt remember tomorrow see u tomorrow <propfemale>!
is being sooo bored nothing to do!
is gonna see <propfemale> and <propfemale> today ya i cant wait! but i'll be back sunday
i'll say the same spending time with my old besties lol its been so long
needs a ride back to beaverless creek tomorrow from gakona if anybody's going for my brothers graduation dinner and dance then can i catch a ride please? lol
is going to be back in beaverless creek tomorrow hopefully lol i dont miss beaverless that bad its just i have to be there for my brothers graduation dinner
just finished watching where the wild things are lol its not that bad i remember reading that book when i was little
needs a ride back to beaver creek today before my brothers graduation dinner if anybody has a ride please let me know asap i'll be at <propfemale> and darins house thank u
is so glad i get to sleep in tomorrow even though i just started work iam still tired probably gonna have a nap when tre'ann leaves aww gees iam gonna miss her its been so long since i got to spend time with her  sad  but oh well i'll see her again anyways but yeah
is not doing much until later on i guess
is not doing much once again
is gonna go check out midnight swim i guess see how it is
"is off of work for today i guess now theres nothing to do but check my facebook \so exciting\"""""
you should never ever eat at this fast food restaurant!: http annoyed  tinyurl com never-eat-here
is going to take a ride to snag nothing else to do
is going to have some buckshot <propfemale>'s mmm iam just starving never had breakfast
man my computer is so messed up i dont know how this happend it sucks! and its driving me crazy!
you got me feeling so fly just like a g6 lik a g6!
is about to go to bed just checking my facebook before i go to bed iam soooo tired only had 3 hrs of sleep it sucks
can't wait till tonight!
is feeling waaaay better : )
has made up my mind and is going to fairbanks
is still in fairbanks might have to stay another night
is finally going home cant wait
finally made it home its good to be home!
is going to go help <propfemale> clea i guess
just watched hot tub time machine lol that shit is the funniest lmao
? ? ? gettin jiggy with it tonight ? ? ?
feeling like a dumb shit
is not doing much just waking up
is having an alright day but other than that i hope everybody has a  nice day!\\m ( annoyed )\\m 
might take a ride to tok for the hell of it get out of beaverless creek
didn't go to tok but i'll probably just stay home an good luck to juniors baseball team!
"ifyour dad is or was your hero, your best friend or just the best dad ever; whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you, or if he is an angel in heaven    copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly\love you dad!!! ?"
is not doing much just watching a movie and about ready to hit the couch lol
is not doing much justwaking up long night lastnight
just elped my dad pack moose it was a good work out holy now iam just tired lol well at least we get to have good moose guts tomorrow
is going to whitehorse this afternoon sometime its been forever since i went to whitehorse
is probably gonna take a ride to gulkana but idk we'll see
is heading to gulkana ak visit some family peace
is in gakona visiting my friend <propfemale> not doing much just chillin
just got back home i had a good time got to see my grandparents which  haven't seen in a really long time and i got to see my bestie <propfemale> <propfirst> in gakona ak it was a good trip all in all
is going to alaska today for the weekend so see u guys there peace
has finally got my stupid computer to work again finally
is in mentasta ak been here for over a week now its been alright just staying with my auntie <propfemale> and my cousin <propfemale> well gotta go its been forever since i checked my facebook driving me crazy!
is in gakona visiting for a bit about to head back to mentasta
is back in beaverless creek for a bit then gonna head back to alaska for awhile
is in beaverless creek nothing to do!
is not doing shiit in beaverless creek cant wait till this weekend whitehorse here i come!
is probably gonna head to tok or mentasta to go pick up my cousin and take her to whitehorse with me cant wait till tomorrow to leave out of here
is still in whitehorse for a bit idk when i'am going back yet still debating
is sooo full i had some good ass shepards pie   mmm dont know what to do this weekend still deciding???
is not doing much just visiting my friend teesha and probably goingback sunday
is not doinf much but having a nice little break in town gotta get out of my house sometimes but man cant wait to eat some good food after iam done with the computer
is starting to kinda miss home i wish i could of went to fairbanks but oh well iam having fun in whitehorse
oooh na na na what's my name! whats my name  love 
is hoping that i go home tomorrow or soon but is having fun here in whitehorse
you see right through me     how do yo do that   how do yo do that   how do yo do that how do yo how do yo  what r we doin you let me win you let me ride you let me rock you let me slide and when they lokkin u let me hide defend my honor protect my pride the good advice i always hated but looking back it made me greater you always told me to forget the haters
is still in whitehorse lol finally going home on thursday i guess but not sure yet we shall see
raise your glass dirty little freak so wont you come on come on raise your glass
what to do today beaverless is so boring and what to do on new years!
needs to start getting up earlier and going to bed earlier
is probably going to northway for new years again i hope i have fun and happy new years ppls
is back in beaverless creek i was actually sober for new years lol its amazing oh well
is going to take a ride to tok
hates my computer sometimes its so slow when it wants to be!
