e6ffd9f31fabf5a795a8f091aa1c4037
guatemala
is horrified at how late she slept till
is sunburnt
"loves sailing !!!(the overboard part, not so much)"
is in boston
congratulations mom and <propfirst>!!!
is starting class tomorrow (how is this possible?)
just got back from boiler cup--go illinois sailing!
is really struggling with technology today
"is going to miami to sail!--unfortunately, its the miami of ohio, but still   "
"had a great time at the miami regatta, and we took first! yay!"
survived physics exam minus a lot of brain cells
really wants a 3 day weekend
should be studying for diffeq right now   lol
"mmm, yummy bed   "
's facebook has been hacked by <propfemale>
"but truly, <propfemale> was eating her bed"
no i wasnt!
loved the weather for the regatta today--go sun!
done with quantum for ever and ever and ever!!!!!!
's internet is so slow she is going to go crazy!
just went sailing today and it was amazing!
"two exams down, one to go!"
what happened to doctor who?
"is discovering bits of her room scattered across two households--she is thankful her sister was there to help \pack up\"" her room during the move"""
just signed a lease for an apartment--her first legally binding document (*tear wink 
done with physics!!!!
just had her last meal ever (knock on wood) in the dining halls!
"done with the semester!!! also, done with dorms, dorm food, and physics   jordan--here i come!!!!"
home
just got three vaccinations   and is now going to pass out
home to the land of snow and ice
"if anyone ever told you it is a good idea to plug into a single jordanian outlet a heater, a cell phone, a computer, a lamp, and a plug adapter into a surge protector into a really cheap extension chord into a computer cable   they were lying to you"
got a new phone--and its a nokia!!! (which means she can really beat it up and it won't break   she hopes)
sweet popcorn is so irresistible
went to jerash today
is internet access really that complicated?
had mansaf and liked it!
health care passed today!!!!
is not a fan of numerical   or exams
nearly fainted in the public health office today--how come she can sail through gale-force winds unfazed but they try to take a couple milligrams of blood and its all over?
loves her calculator
finally finished dexter   the long ordeal is over
after a month of being an illegal is finally a legal resident of jordan   yay!
"is not actually a legal resident of jordan--emily ju, birthday 1 1 1990 is"
"just registered for classes; kind of a gross wednesday but an awesome thursday, so it all evens out"
<propfirst> xy is so stupid; did no one e playful lain the concept of a series finale to them?
finally conquered the periodic table quiz on sporcle   why? just cuz
"and doctor who is back! still, there is something to be said about consistency"
"just bought plain tickets for egypt and spain, and is now going to have a minor heart attack  playful "
it rained today!
almost saw royalty for the first time today   but <propfemale> sumaya couldn't make it  sad 
"downloading speed: 2 bytes sec; time remaining: 4249 days, 2 hours, 6 minutes   gotta love sekun internet connection  playful "
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
is trying to figure out what possessed her to watch hurt locker
's freezer is incapable of freezing water   it's actually more of a fridge   and the fridge is really a cool storage place where fresh food goes to die 
is pretty much done with classes  yay!
just went shopping with <propfemale> lafond and actually bought stuff  laugh 
just  has   to   survive   exam   and then spain!!!!!! yay
is in spain--hello europe!
getting ready for cordoba and sevilla with <propfemale> <propmale>
is going to go see the pyramids!!!!!!!!!
back from egypt--i heart <propfirst>
just went to the dead sea   and got covered in salt!
just got a watch--my wrist is complete again
just got back from wadi rum
is leaving for the usa tonight! goodbye jordan--i will miss you  sad 
is finally back home--and now off to canada!
second day of classes and is already exhausted--what happened to the simple life?
picked sailing over hw and it was so worth it
"too much coffee, too little sleep: cee 330 exam here i come"
is reading about the titanic and is amazed at how difficult it was to have that disaster--so many chances    
"just did laundry--yay, clothes again!"
what is a koopaling? i think it only exists in the <propfemale> 212 hw universe
just got windows on my mac--i love my computer again!
learned how to pick a lock today--nothing is safe!  playful 
"december 16th: <propfemale> 212 burning party, anyone?"
 smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile 
going back to the up today!!!! cant wait  laugh 
snow!!!
five and a half hours until <propfemale> 212 is done!!!! (but who's counting?)
done with <propfemale> 212
done
