531b79109681a5ac47ff0682b11d4558
having braces sucks !
today is my b-day woot! lol
school starts tuesday
panthers beat the redskins!
happy new year everyone! lets make 2011 the best year ever!  laugh 
if anyone has a ps3 and black ops leave your psn name here becuase i will be playing it until i get my 360 back
school sucks!
i'm mr  brightside
i think the colts are gonna win    but i want the saints to win
te amo syd  love   laugh 
te amo syd mi <propfemale>!  love 
show me what it's like to dream in black and white   
i gotta feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night   
can't seem to locate my phone  hope i didnt lose it somehow! =[
"i will try to find my face in the diary of <propfemale>, so tell me how it should be!  laugh  breaking <propmale> ftw!"
there are many types of people that i hate    2 of the main types are ignorant people and racists 
i'm quite satisfied atm  i ate a baby  laugh 
"it is said that time heals all wounds    i disagree, in time the flesh covers the wound and the pain goes away, however the wound remains"
tommorow spring break begins! finally! can't wait to slee[ in  laugh 
watching daredevil
got another car today
i almost killed this baby that was throwing a fit in ihop today    might go back and do that   
"te amo syd, mi amor  love "
omfg! gears of war 3 coming out in april 12th 2011  it looks sick!
got my new phone today  laugh 
"don't save me, don't save me, cuz i don't care!"
"we have nothing to fear, but fear itself"
tryin to go see ironman 2 today
who has a lunch tommorow?!
can't get this song out of my head    
"waiting to see if i have a <propmale> to work at walgreens, cvs, or subway     hope i get walgreens lol"
senior picture in 20 mins  laugh 
i love being able to wake up at 12 or so  laugh 
thanks everyone  now just got to figure out what im gonna do  and no arvin no topless party    that goes for you too <propmale>
anyone wanna <propfemale> out at the mall this weekend? text me or comment
sat was long and boring   
god i hate being single    it sucks!!!
bored   
who's going to the herf jones thing today?
got my stuff ordered  what did everyone get?
like this and ill tell you one thing i like and one thing i hate about you
"true excellence requires a worthy dream, a good idea of how to realize it, and the courage to risk failure to achieve it"
anyone wanna do anything this weekend?
dj got us falling in love again  laugh 
it's funny   i never really wished life had a rewind button until now dx
"do what you can to show you care about other people, and you will make our world a better place"
the panthers beat the 49ers! take that <propmale> ritt
i feel so alive!!!  laugh 
lol at <propfirst> favre! what a fail  rest of the vikings did good though  grat packers
who's going to homecoming? i am
okay people i need help  for cartoon superhero day should i be ezio from assasins creed or rorshach from watchmen?
today i saw a bunch of freshmen and sophmores making fun of some kid who may be in special <propmale> or something and it made me mad  i almost punch<propmale> em in the face  why do people think it's okay to make fun of others just becuase they are different?
the night is always darkest just before the <propfemale>
trying to decide what im gonna be tommorow
blah stupid ninja mask    almost suffocated lol  so that's a no to my ninja idea  laugh 
bonfire later  laugh 
blackout! seniors are gonna win the pep rally!  laugh  i  love  class of 2011!!!
so the seniors won the pep rally of course  laugh  going to the game tonight that will be shot by fox news  smile 
today was awesome  earned 20$ just putting paper on people's doors and also got free <propfemale>'s  then got some <propfemale> with mah friends  laugh 
next xbox update? what is thees?
the dj got us falling in love again  laugh 
its cold! x x
today was amazing  smile   got to spend time with <propfemale>  love 
another way to die  laugh  nice job disturbed  smile 
asylum! disturbed is my favorite band once again  laugh 
to all the veterans out there    we thank you and we salute you
omg i wish i had cod: black ops right now  i played it last night at the fire station and it was awesome!
going to <propfemale>'s house today  smile 
had a great time with <propfemale>  love 
someone do a why whats up for me lol  i wanna see what people say
i hate mrs  blahers class sometimes -_-
one more day of school then waking up around 4 am friday to fly out to florida for my 8 day cruise
alright everyone since i dont know if ill be on later i just wanted to say ill miss you ll when im gone and i will see you all when i get back  smile 
watching spiderman 3  laugh 
done cleaning the house    for now lol  time to relax
bored    t t
please let tommorow be a snow day!
xbox got the red rings   
happy holidays and <propfemale> christmas everyone!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
time for some tv  now what to watch?
cant wait for tomorrow! <propfemale> is coming over  laugh 
today was amazing! i love you <propfemale> glines  smile 
no school tommorow!
got my xbox back today!  laugh 
battle: la was one of the best movies i have ever seen! it was awesome!
