200076f5f66c4ec7834d98e1bacb09ca
alright internet fixed!  smile  epic 
sooo     smile 
facebook quizzes here i come!  laugh  lame but whatever   smile 
so    it's officially official   smile  6 20 09  love  oh man   smile 
"dos photos nuevas, si me los comentan?  smile  two new photos, comment them please?  laugh "
i miss <propfirst> <propmale> already   sad  i will forever listen to his music   smile 
so like i realized i know every single one of you  so text me   smile  say hi or something god  i'll be waiting for your reply and if you don't know my # tell me  on here  get on it then!  playful 
gonna do laundry cause i never have clean clothes   sad 
i miss my ipod   sad 
shower shower shower time!  smile  i know it's late but i don't give a damn   smile 
is thinking about <propfirst> and how much he means to me   smile  and samantha( love  love ) and amanda( love  love ) and marissa( love  love ) and <propfemale> ( love  love  love ) and malaquis ( love )
"dammmmit i made him mad,  sad "
i still don't have clothes  damn my procrastination of laundry duties!! d< and doing them last minute!! dx
feel that heat! and we can ride the boogie!!  smile  looove his music  that mj him   smile 
going to mexico in november   smile 
"what's on my mind? make up make up make up, cosmetics  brands, like elf, wow, that shits so cool   smile  & cheap   laugh  i'm in lurve  just don't tell my man   smile "
quite sleepy    : smile (
"sorry!!! to all those who have texted or called me my phone is currently out of order   sad  till like, next week   annoyed  annoyed "
farmville    why? no   smile  maybe when it looks interesting   laugh 
"tokio hotel man!  laugh  new cd  can't wait till payday, buying it! can you say    obsessed?  smile "
         ten more days & itll be our four month   smile  i'm gonna get on photoshop  cs2 and create something  since its been forever since i've made something   smile  smile  any ideas?  smile  hey sammmyyyy i love you! what the shit? your kissing <propmale>? what happened to me!? o:< lol   love  love 
i'm like so excited for tonight 
"is very bored    i have now cropped my plants i should give someone my pass  so someone can take care of my crops while i'm not logged on, because they always die on me   annoyed "
"he says he'll be there for me while they're gone    but where will i be when they leave? it will be difficult to e playful lain how the hell does my body show up, but my personality and soul have gone mia   sad "
bored bored bored bored!!!! d<
"i have that <propfemale> song \blah blah blah\"" song stuck in my head   annoyed  someone get rid of it   !!!"""
i feel like crap   sad  me and my bf don't go anywhere we just stay home    and do    nothing  not even that! =0
"very very very, happy   smile "
i had a dream i saw myself faint in sloooow motion   smile  lol
i finally have my rackets back!!  laugh  [they were being help captive by my boyfriends uncle] had to rough him up a bit  bwahahaha  >d
phone's been lacking those text messages that it needs to live   sad 
listening to the relative singing poker face   laugh d
"not so happy not so sad, just in the middle of trying the break through the surface to stop myself from suffocating   annoyed "
miyavi's coming to seattle on the 18 of june!! best present ever!! (if i manage to get tickets  smile ) best japanese rock artist ever!! [hyperventilating with excitement] i'm gonna touch him   love 
my feet are freezing    but they have socks on    why   ?
i hate being treated like a housewife  d<
i'm seriously gonna touch him   love 
homework homework homework    juan love  juan love  juan love   laugh 
and then <propmale> language    out of no where!!! wtf!?? and after that    we had no idea what happened to the kid  we just know    there's tons of weapons in the back seat  like    for real   !?  _ 
"legion was stupid!!! s-t-u-p-i-d  okay first second and third parts were cool, lots of action, scary little white kids coming at you with a knife making him seem like chuckie jr   angels from heaven that turned to the dark side cause god was tired of humans pissing on the corners of his perfectly made home and decided to punish them "
it has been made officially clear to me that in ocarina of time the sinking lure is no longer available in the future of the game 
"sometimes i'd rather not think about it, but it still comes to mind  those lips are rather enticing like juicy strawberries   wink "
i found my phone outside on the cement safe and sound after hearing to cars roar by   laugh 
"i get it now   smile  i have nothing to do today    >_> my \c\"" and my \""x\"" don't work still   annoyed  and no liking this <propfemale>!! d<"""
my fingers are frozen    ;~;
"i'm confused about what to do tomorrow,  sad  i really want to go play outside, but the shower doesn't know the meaning of hot water!! d<"
"the boyfriend is watching crash  >_> oh man, good movie but damn    there's something about it i just don't like   sad "
my whole body has goosebumps running up and down because of these goddamn cramps  d<
rawr?  laugh 
"i haven't felt so refreshed in a long time, i'm very happy, thank you,  love "
looking for the best markers ever! the colorific markers and the foohy gel ones   laugh  so happy they're still being sold  i'm such a color pen markers freak  >d
misses this special person very much     love 
"its my first time actually dieting, wish me luck  and don't lie to me about not needing it, i'm doing this for my health and future  besides, what's so hard about eating carrots and lettuce and fiber    and    other healthy stuff   ? oh god    wish me tons of luck    [goodbye hot cheetos ] ;~;"
good night!  laugh   love 
"why is everyone friends with an apartment complex? i mean, me included, i'm questioning myself about that right now     annoyed "
"the boyfriend let his friend borrow his car the other day, and now my <propmale> iglesias cd is missing along with my black clip  i'm hella pissed, and he's like, \so?\"" d< angry!!! d<"""
the forecast for this weekend looks empty!! with a <propmale> of doing nothing!! ;~; and a slight bit irritation in the evening! d<
my boyfriend and i have finally reached a plateau in our relationship   sad 
on the bright side i'm still <propfemale>'s pimp   smile   love 
"when i get money, i'm getting my lip pierced because i'm inspired by miyavi's lip piercing   laugh   love  i'm still sexually harassing him later  bwahahaha  >d"
"so    i worked at bk, and now i work at chipotle <-- is way more work then bk ever was  omg so tired   sad  lol, the ladies this morning invited me to a stripclub, so funny   smile "
"i haven't called him since tuesday    i miss his voice, i miss a lot of things about him   "
"i'm tired of this bullshit at school, i'm not gonna deal with it  i fucking hate science class "
i'm tired and i would like to go home   smile 
my foots sleeping    d:
have you forgotten about me?  sad  i miss speaking with you 
i started out eating sibeche with everyone and then i moved into my room by myself and  i ended up just eating the crackers  [i hate sea-food so if n surprise ne's looking at me i'll stop eating it  even though its really good ] i'm just not gonna think about it   wink 
well here i am thinking philipin parties were exciting but it was a lie! d=
got a new keyboard for the laptop! yaaayyy!!!  smile  now the 'c' and 'x' works again!! sooo happy   smile 
"i just got done watching interstellar 5555, it's not what you think it is!!!     okay    it's a daft punk series   laugh "
"i can't stop thinking of him, he's been in my dreams for nights on end "
"miyavi's going to have to wait,  smile  i'm going to ocean shores that day to celebrate the one year anniversary, with the bf     -silence-     i guess it's more important then miyavi    ;~;"
yaay! my hair is back to black   laugh  woot woot   laugh 
"i can't wait till he goes to california to work for his uncles, freedom!! and i get my bed back   smile  woot woot, i'll miss him a lot though, since he won't be back till december   sad "
"miyavi, we have date the 18th of june whether you like it or not   smile  i'm coming to see you! woot woot! >d i better not be on my period!!! kill myself, d<"
i want to text you!! but i can't since i don't have my cell phone   sad 
"dammit   sad  working on the b-day! well it's not all bad, my co-workers are fun, we'll figure it all out   laugh  maybe one of them can give me a lap dance    <propfemale>!!  laugh "
"wha-bam! d: i'm bored and not ready for work at all  i just wanna be home and be laaaazzzzyyy, like fluffy  >3> and i got funny presents from my bf on my birthday lol "
and here i am    awake  -insert a very long drawn out sigh here- :[
going off to play monopoly   laugh 
i want to go swimming but i need to go to work at 3 smile 0 and where i live there is no pool!!! tt-tt i also hate it when i have the fan on full blast and all that comes out is warm air  oooh    summer how i've missed you   surprise 
"gotta wake up tomorrow at fucking 6 and then after that have a long ass day, atleast i'll be working with my favorite person ever!!  laugh "
"i'm confused, i'm tired, i work tomorrow, i feel lonely, why does god decide to put people in your path if god is telling these people that they'll need to leave else where? why is that so confusing?"
"i'm an impatient brat with a personality that adapts to others around me  and right now i'm feeling rather    anxious  and it won't go away  my heart knows what to do, but my mind doesn't feel the same, and the fighting is taking a toll on everything i have  it's time to decide  just like uriel said, god doesn't make my decisions or what happens in my life  i do, and i want to take control of these strings around me "
" smile  i love the way things are going right now, me avoiding a talk with my mom >_>, seeing my favorite people tomorrow, going to a wedding the end of this month, going to silverwood with <propfemale>,  love  and then a birthday to celebrate with a special someone   smile "
"tired but not sleepy   smile  looking forward to tomorrow [or today], i'm sure my car is too, after all tomorrow's [again; today's] payday and i'll finally be able to feed it some much needed gas and oil   smile  and i'll get to <propfemale> out with my new man, i'm content at the moment   playful "
"i don't regret the decision i made  perhaps the way i went about it and what happened in between the decision and the aftermath wasn't the best, but it's whatever, what matters is if my heart is satisfied if my mind is content, if i'm the one who's happy  and that's just the way it is "
waxing the eyebrows is definitely better then having a lady threading them  it hurts way less   smile 
"i'm very happy with where i'm going and with whom, the life we're looking at is absolutely beautiful  i'm looking forward to this new change in my life  found the most gorgeous apartment  hoping to call it home someday soon with him,  love "
"i got my first standard car  a honda, woot woot, piece of shit that needs a hell of all lot of work   smile  it's my piece of shit car that i'm proud of  lol"
i love him   smile 
i ain't scared of you foo!! >d
"sooooo happy,  laugh "
its whatevers   smile 
"yay for happy endings!!  love  i know life isn't a <propfemale> tale, but if i have the balls to face the problems and not run away, then who says i can't have the balls to get my happy ending? nothing like believing in someone you love right?"
new number friends!!  smile  let me know if you want it!!
"i love the way my life is going right now, i really do, i'm now preparing for the next step in my life,  smile  but that's a secret   love "
" smile  he's my life, wow he's the best   love "
"at work, aww snap, super slow! d< hope it stays that way though     smile "
"work is so busy on friday and saturday nights, its so depressing!!! for reals, can't wait to get ouuuuttt!!!!"
"sooo freaking sleepy, here with my man at his esl orientation, its making me sooo sleepy, *yaawwnn*"
i love him i love him
"<propfemale> not in the mood for working, so sad that my days off are now friday and sunday,  sad  i have to wait four days    d="
"sooooooooooo booorred, my day off and it isn't with my man,  sad "
i want everything with him   love 
i'm getting married wow i've never felt happier   laugh 
"i reeeealllllly hate traffic   indecision  like, damn, it gives me a heart attack all the time "
"these little girls are having    like mini orgasms over these stars on the latin grammies    \ooohhh    ahhh    <propmale> <propfirst>    ooohhh    ahh    wisin y wandell   \"" omg hahahaha"""
almost out!! i can taste freedom on my sick tongue!!  laugh 
"i love my man, damn it i love him so much, i can't wait till our wedding, where i'll be his forever,  smile "
its freezing outside!! maaannn     sad 
playing the sims 3  smile  alrrigght 
"being at work feels so much more active,  smile  i wish he was working with me tho "
"i'm so happy with my fiance, our goals are in our reach, we just gotta work hard to get there, but i know we can do it   smile "
"neck hurts really bad, i'm tired, all i want to do is sleep  and not talk for the rest of eternity "
"i'm sooooo tired right now, thank god i don't work tomorrow,  smile "
"watching ppl being trapped inside bank of <propfemale> in southcenter, and seeing their reaction when they can't get out is hilarious "
"i'm not perfect i'm sorry, that doesn't mean you have to stop loving me for it "
"isn't it funny when you're getting yelled at for doing your job, and you're not even getting yelled at by a manager, but a co-worker who doesn't know <propfirst> shit about how your position works?"
"i love hanging out with my baby,  smile  good day   smile "
"its been a long while since i've checked my stuff on a computer,  smile "
"hey guys, changed my number    sorta, lol, just the last four digits changed but whatever,  smile  its 206 501 9089 hit me up ok? i'm bored, and my mans at work, sad sad day,  sad  lol  do it!! now!!! >d"
i want to slap someone! d<
"people who sing <propfirst> jacksons songs and seriously drag them down to hell and back and then back again, when the original was perfectly fine, should be shot "
