05a1a1b67e3d7a923f9d0ee5502757c0
"my life just stopped in its tracks  no, i'm not dead, but time just stood still  i keep waiting for it all to resume as it was, but i know that will never happen  the world is frozen  at least i am, anyway  i don't notice the days going by  i want so badly to be dreaming  but i know that this is reality   "
banana scented bubble soap makes everything better!!!  laugh 
"if i pretend to know what's on your mind, will you get annoyed and just tell me?  love "
"list of songs that reflect me (feel free to add): undisclosed desires, love love kiss kiss, over and out, lost and rendered, ruin it, swans and the swimming, done all wrong, trapeze swinger, devil never sleeps, all is love, suddenly i see, everyone's at it, ghosts, can't stop, feeling good, escapist, when it rains, misery buisness, twice as nice, bohemian rhapsody, morningside, the <propfemale> hour, tree hugger, etc "
strawberry and banana bubble soap smell exactly the same!!!!!!
#526192
about to do homework    =s
i am sooooooo bored!!!
such exorbitant duress a contingency to abscond surfeited with esprit      i  love  vocabulary!!!
"okay, so today i fell out of bed, hit my head on my desk, and broke my cd player, all at 3 am     was this a bad day?"
esprit        with a mixture of fear and pain       impenetrable shield of nervousness    
i feel like rogue today   
just made a bowl of intant noodles without blowing up the microwave!!!
"\nevermind\"""""
coolio 
i find myself too archetypal   
never set your alarm for 3 am     
says that <propmale> rund is the worst friend ever!!!
the loud creak you hear in your ears when you swallow   
a tear in a contact lense   
extemporaneousness!
"blue bird laughs from a fallen tree, sunset burns on a quiet sea, sold my soul and they ran me down, there was no <propfemale>, there'll be no milk as sweet, sweet    no <propfemale> by iron and wine"
la la la! hiding shame with masquerade of smiles and oblivious laughs   
is watching the guild while drinking orange soda with strawberry and watermelon twizzler straws!!!
what a crazy random happenstance!
"<propfirst>, you're driving a spork into your leg   "
"it's a brand new day and the sun is high, all the birds are singing 'cause you're gonna die! how i hesitated now i wonder why    it's a brand new day!!!"
the guild season 3 is da bomb!
"\i'm running on one foot!!! whooaaa! i'm running on one foot!!! ow! noooooo! it hurts!\"" -<propfemale> and saphire (<propfemale> and <propfemale>)"""
3 days!!!
aiiieeeeee!!!! i actually have to finish the songs i write!!!! i have a deadline of next monday!!!!!
<propfemale>'s slpovr today!!!! soooo excited!!!!! get to see all the friends i rarely see!!!
on the fly!!!! (talk show) status quo!!! (status quo)
horrizons kiss the clear blue water while the branches among the evergreens sway to the coastal breeze; the grassy plains <propfirst> a lazy day by the glowing old lighthouse up the hill   
texting <propfirst>?!
as we wait for the dusk to fall and the sun to arise at <propfemale> and we fall into a deep sleep with a bi tiresome yawn we hope to awaken soon sleeping under the stars and <propfemale>    -sleeping stars (the trilo-bytes) 2006
"that peaceful night, tears in both our eyes, seperating truths and lies, sobbing silently, while i give my quiet plea, just to forget, all of my deepest regrets, taking the strands of time to twist, and resist, a fallen, broken heart, our words, now torn apart, writhe in the sunset's agony, tangling <propfemale>   "
i'm soooooooo frustrated that i have to wait 2 more years until i can get a job!!!!
"can you release what follows your everystep, day or shine, but not let go of the tattered thorns beneath your feet, desperately grasping for something to hold onto   ?"
c> c> c> c> c> tears    <)<)<)<)<)
"with perfect clarity a voice rings, high above the gentle whisper of humanity  the speaker, foresaken among hell's tongue, sheds the weight of anxiety and rises to meet the sky with a delicate embrace    nothing is impossible   "
"i cover my ears and scream at what i see, for i can't look away  i'm perfectly fine, but i cannot say the same for the poor girl staring blankly at me with glassy eyes, hands over her ears  t'is then i realize that i'm looking at my reflection   "
"i cannot change you  i cannot earn your trust  you may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try   "
off to destroy the enemy's blockade!!!
we're strong as hell but not hickory rooted   
"\light tends to hide from me  but that's okay  i've learned to see in the dark \"""""
"today, i fell down the stairs  i landed on my knees  when i stood up, i realized i had fallen because my shoelaces were tied together  i am weirded out because i just tied those shoes to my feet, and i don't have younger siblings that could do that to me  mlia"
"\shed the blank look on your face for a smile and a half   \"""""
"i cannot believe my eyes  how the world's filled with filth and lies  but it's plain to see, evil inside of me is on the rise   "
"this appeared as a moral dilema 'cause at first it was weird though i swore to eliminate the worst of the plague that devoured humanity it's true i was vague on the 'how' so how can it be that you, have shown me the light     ?"
l-o-v-e is a mystery!!!! <propfirst> is here!!!
"hanging out with <propfirst>, the awesomest person ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
just shoved icecream in <propfirst>'s face!!!
is shooting a music vid today! aaaaaiiiieeeeeeeee! soooooo nervous!!!!!  love 
"\i didn't jump  i slipped \"""""
"like i, <propfemale>, even you, open ur mouth and speak"
i have to speak  i have to open my mouth  but it's so hard to do when you are watching so intently   
close you're eyes  breathe  don't hear  listen  don't feel  sense  don't bite your lip  forget everything  except for me  don't let time pass  let it fly  release your heart  cut ties to the world  rise above me  let go  don't look down    
i am alone  i walk with only my conscience on my shoulders  care to join me?
"when we fall, we are all given nets, but our doubts destroy that, and we crash   "
"ima gonna cry! i am alone, bored and uber pissed at me mum!!!!!"
curiosity killed the cat  thank god i'm not of the feline nature   
save my heart (save my soul)
"alone and lacking <propfemale>, my hiding eyes, leaking frost  it's cold, but there is no shelter  i'm waiting for something, an answer, at that  burried beneath the icy roads  i am incapable  i search for an escape, but there is not one possibility  free my caged mind and release the seldom following cries of life flooding back into existance   "
i just wanna hide in my closet until everything goes away 
i can't hear myself think  but my mind is empty  so there is silence 
"i'll wait  i guess i don't really mind  i'll play along  it's kinda fun  to pretend, that is "
this is my first saturday alone since the end of september    loneliness has never seemed more depressing    or boring   
someone tell me y i have chorus songs from 2 years ago stuck in my head!!!
"i woke up early, but now i'm sleeping in; my head aloft in the clouds, dark thundering clouds, sending a lightning bolt down to earth, striking the souls of every living beast, saving the worst fucked up soul for last, my own  crushing the skulls of the innocent, for the lies i tell have been thrown in my face, too many times  i've been abandoned, forgotten as if i were only a day of someone else's life   "
words hurt and hate   
life is at a standstill; i barely notice the days passing   
"i remain ignored, secluded from these strange beings    i always knew i was different, that i didn't belong  i don't mind not fitting in, just the resentment is a torch to my heart   "
you don't belong here    you should go    leave 
"okay, so you've done everything you can to ruin me  what now?"
be  smile )$
"i turn out the lights, but the snow outside my window glows bright    i can't help but keep my eyes open    love "
i speak silence  i have words to say  but i don't know how to say them     love 
#532500
i wish my tears were just water; so that they didn't sting my eyes    love 
"though i longed for a <propmale> to start over, everything was thrown in my face  i cannot change  perhaps with long term whatever, but i don't have much time  and i'm not that patient anyway    love "
"it's not that i lie a lot    i just that when the words flow out of my mouth, i barely notice if they're not true    love "
post-it notes make me smile    wink 
"when i closed me eyes and fell backwards, no one caught me   i wonder why    love "
"i am a different person    i broke myself, and i broke everyone else    what have i become?  love "
i feel sick  sad 
is tempted to jump    love   wink 
make me believe that i'm worth it  let me see myself through your eyes  then let me know what you you think    love 
i will never forget no matter how much i try    love 
i lost all feeling in my hand for a few minutes today    i still don't know why    love 
i'm more of a <propfemale> than a daisy    love 
i really wish i spent less time around people who aren't in good moods    love 
"i often find that i am afraid to blink, in fear that this dream will go away and i will wake up to reality  i want to wake up most days  just not today    love "
not in that life  not in this life  not ever   love 
death is the temp  job and life is the vacation   
why do i feel that someone is following me?
alone in a crowd   
response ability
"hands braced against the wall, hoping the pain will end  it's all just matter: the dark, the dismal, the shattered, the remainder of a broken soul  desolate memories, of times without this  the change  the difference  gone forever  let go   love "
heaven today is but a way to a place i once called home  heart of a child one final sigh as another love goes cold  once my heart beats to the rhythym of the fallen snow  blackened below that river now flows a stream of molten virgin snow  for the heart i never had  for the child forever gone  the music flows because it longs  for the heart i once had    love 
i wait for your eyes to bleed and wounds to shed tears    love 
raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens  bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens  brown paper packages tied up with string  these are a few of my favourite things 
"i don't know much but i know this  for certain  that is the sun poking its head 'round the curtain  now please can we leave? i'd like to go to bed now  it's not just the sun that is high in my head now  i'm not trying to say that i'm smelling of roses  but when will we tire of putting **** up our noses? don't like staying up, staying up past the sunlight  it's meant to be fun and it just doesn't feel right   "
what is your weapon of choice? what's your weapon of choice? there is a weapon to free us all  i won't waste it! i won't waste it! i won't waste my love on a nation!!!  love 
"darling, what is going on? honestly that never happened  lying is your favourite passion  leave me, go where you belong  higher heels and lipstick napkins  dying is your latest fashion    love "
"metaphors, semi-colons, comma splices, paradoxi    love "
"curled fingertips resting upon the edge of existence  they tell you not to let go for anything  but you're slipping, and you don't have the strength nor the will to save yourself  by the <propfemale>, you'll have fallen    love "
"i speak the truth  but you still don't believe me  i waited for a response, and yet i knew what you would say  you think i've changed so much, and that you barely know me anymore  as if i'm a different person    love "
"masked by who i once was, i wait around the corner, lurking  you pass by me, smiling at the friendly face you see  and yet, my diguise is wearing thin, and you begin to notice the change  i avoid you, in hopes to replace these chipping layers, but every coat of paint fades in the sun  so i reside in the shadows    love "
"the melancholic eyes of a traitor  looking down, avoidning reality's gaze  heavy fog around glassy stares  blank but longing looks out the window  waiting patiently    love "
"time passed and the skies darkened  the day came to a bitter end, bright in the fiery inferno of the setting sun  and i remembered just how tired i was  yawning, and trying to shake the sleep from my slowly closing eyes, i layed my head down for only a minute  i didn't want to doze off this early, and yet, i couldn't escape the sleep     love  zzzzzzzzz"
"everyone glances at me with intrigue and curiousity  but i'm not flattered  i'm alienated, and passed around from person to person  they can't see what i know  i know that every look is hateful, and that every word on their tongues will hurt if spoken  i'm not like everyone else  i just have to accept it    love "
"i warned you, and now you're really gonna pay   "
je ne c'est pas    love 
"go ahead and break me, but my other half will destroy you!!!! hiyaaaaah!!!"
"was typing the first chapter of her story, editing it as she went along  but, however, she accidentally clicked cancel, and everything she had just spent an hour and a half typing was deleted and unretrievable, leaving her very upset and cursing at the computer "
"we speak our own tongues, and yet we understand eachother    love "
i got my haircut     wink 
is unable to believe they called the snowday before there were even 3 inches of snow on the ground    love 
why do we attack ourselves when we don't mean to?
don't criticize the inquisitive    because then you won't learn anything    love 
finally im unbanned from my own laptop!!!!!!!!!! freedom!!!!!!
"walking out onto the snow you step where there are all ready footprints, so you're feet don't get wet  but if nobody had dared to walk on the fresh snow, perhaps for the same reason, you wouldn't be getting anywhere   "
"*glass tears shatter, like falling hail of <propfemale> waters-- and fate, the pure unravel, like empty chains unlocked-- and your sorrow* ~kusari no <propfemale>"
"with my hopes set high, i reach to the sky, and come crashing down, with my face in the ground, as love fades away, running out of time to say, the same words, even though they hurt   "
"we always go to extremes, i always crush my own dreams, i just think too hard, and imagine too big    love "
i love you  love 
party night!!!  love   laugh   love 
still w  my friends  boredom  but u gotta still luv 'em   love 
why do you look away from the things you wanna see? why must you walk away from the places you wanna be? you hurt so much and you might not care 'cause there are feelings you don't share  but if stay too long we'll all be gone and that isn't what you want  what you want    ~stay too long (nameless band)
still has sharpie on my hand  thank you <propmale>  i really appreciate that!
live young die fast   ~alkaline trio
too many acronyms   
"i cannot determine which <propfemale> is the anti-<propfemale>  if the real me is like kirra, then the anti-<propfemale> is jacqulynn  but the real-<propfemale> rarely shows so is kirra the anti-<propfemale>? i am extremely confused "
i don't hate you but i just wanna save you while there's still something left to save   
i still find joy in playing old pokemon gameboy colour games   
 love   gbsmk!!!  love 
april may june
aren't i amazing?
get mad then get over it   love 
how do i determine if something is an epic fail or just a faol?
strawberries with cool whip and sugar    yum!  love 
"you said things were better, that they were fixed  i don't see the difference  there is always a certain time of day, where every good thing goes wrong  i want to blame you   love "
" love  tää jylhä kauneus <propfemale> ääretön yksinäisyys lapsuuteni metsän, taivaan kaikuu se haikeus halki tän matkan aamun tullen yö tarinansa kertoo jylhä on kauneus <propfemale> ääretön yksinäisyyteni sitä henkeensä hala<propfemale>a kehtoni hauta, hautani paikka erämaan viimeinen on  love "
 love  ensilumi satoi kahdesti    maalasi sieluni taulun  love 
 love  <propmale> kasvissyöjä   love 
 love  better a silly girl with a flower than a silly boy with a horse and a stick     love 
" love  i remember sitting in my tree with a good book, looking at each passerby and waving as they said hello  love "
 love  they pain is fading but the scars are just appearing   love 
 love  ladida: the word used to represent being in a daze or not paying attention; the trailing off or lost thoughts when speaking of someone; the quoting of myself in irrelevant context to the subject; randomness used to e playful ress felicity!  love 
climbing my tree     love 
i fell out of my tree   
 love  the evening slips past my eyes  and sets to the light of the day i despise  i hide my face and breath into my hands  i turn away and give up all for which we stand! if i could shatter the pieces already broken  i could stop listening to you all of your words unspoken  and if i wait for the day in which you're gone  why can't i notice before too long?!  love 
" love  most blondes are finnish  i am finnish  i was born blonde  damn, i conform to everything!  love "
" love  new shirt, new shoes, new purse, and new sweater    life is good     love "
 love  mint chocolate chip icecream!!  love 
"? you turned away when i appeared, and mocked the pain in it's longing song  i hid that so well, the broken pieces, and little did you know my heart lay shattered  we used to just release each breath, exhaling the blood from our throats, as we watched every other person live unharmed  who changed the colour of the night? what brought the canopy over our wet eyes? why can we not blink away the light? ?"
"phone confiscated    sooooo not cool    teacher texts out-of-state friend from phone to say i got in trouble and not to respond    pretty bad    though the teacher told me that i could get it back at the end of the day, my phone is being held hostage by security    even worse     crying "
iss is the worst     playful 
 smile )$ is happy!!  laugh 
heke? dingding boredom! mega-q  heart-broken !
 love  live a little; have fun!  love 
 love   ça ne me dit rien     love 
is sad because antarctica has no capital   
" love  the <propfemale> is as bright as daylight though the sky remains a faded black  the rain is shallow, seldom to fall upon my watery eyes, with the glittery web of tears  save the last song of the serenade for me, and i shall haunt your eyes no longer     love "
minä rakastan sinua!
" love  be still, my son, you`re home, oh when did you become so cold? the blade will keep on descending, all you need is to feel my love, search for beauty, find your shore, try to save them all, bleed no more, you have such oceans within, in the end, i will always love you     love "
 love  nothing can wipe the smile from my face and take the skip from my step!!  love 
 love  is soooooooooooo happy!!  love 
i iz not so happy  sad 
" love  a premature feeling has fallen into a trap, but it is as vital as the oxygen i breathe at night to stay alive     love "
" love  i plan to sit under a tree, or <propfemale> in one to pass the time    love "
 love  i just want to paint the sky another shade of blue  love 
" heart-broken  if it had been any other day, maybe i'd have been fine     heart-broken "
 love  could i have broken the same glass to see it shatter another way?  love 
 love  all your love is a lie! you're one-night butterfly! hurt me be the one! whoever brings the night! the dark created to hide the innocent white! lust of night! eyes so bright! seductive lies!  love 
" love  alone beneath my shallow sky with pursuit of the light in your eyes, i wait, you speak, and i am no longer trapped     love "
 love  love  love 
panini est canadian!
" love    i blink my eyes to the tune of the fire, but the leaking brine keeps them closed  desperate glances to each side, but hell, whoever knows  i paint my face to disguise the pain, but the rain washes it away  pretending that i've already chosen, my fate, before the end of the day    love "
my heart is a little messed up
cait brought a lost dog to my house  made posters  put them up  an hour later the owner finds us walking by  lead her back to her dog  had to take posters down  up late  being good is hard work 
is finally online  tired  bored  talking to my love  smile  wants breakfast 
stupid mosquito allergies  sad 
working on paper  hand written 4 1 2 pages  single spaced  needs to type  ugh   annoyed 
mad at stupid project  needs a nap  crying for no apparent reason  ugh  crying 
is high on caffeine! excited to be done with project! in good mood! yay!  love 
 playful  sleepy!! needs hugs!! good day so far!!
master cleared phone on accident  is devastated  but relieved  has pics and contacts on memory card   annoyed 
" love     been there, done that, messed around  i'm having fun don't put me down  i'll never let you sweep me off my feet     love "
sick  annoyed 
 annoyed 
all the birds are singing that you're gonna die   
j'ai trop d'intégrité  je me déteste pour cela   love 
say what's on you're mind and kill
"sometimes in life, we pick things up and weigh down our pockets, and don't even know we're walking around with our pants to our ankles, tripping and inching slowly forward, our hands gripped tightly to the side bars that our concrete walls of life provide only for the handicapped of the ignorant  (yes, i just said we're half naked)"
boredom
what happens when you can't trust someone?
mwahhahahahahahahahaaa    no i'm not evil   
"why is it that every time i get remotely close to you, you remain out of reach?"
"? i feel the pressure, it's coming down on me, it's turning me black and blue ?"
 love  now and again she's afraid when the sun returns  love 
"please, remember me  happily  by the rosebush laughing  with bruises on my <propfemale>  the time when  we counted every black car passing  your house beneath the hill  and up until  someone caught us in the kitchen  with maps, a mountain range  a piggy bank  a vision too removed to mention "
 love   running for her life the dark rain from her eyes still falls  breathtaking butterfly  chose a dark day to leave  save one breath for me  a loner longing for  the cadence of her last breath   love 
?with your fragility displaced  our memories erased  the beauty of the light within your mind  with your dreams all locked away  sorry for our rain delay  the water washing your eyes 'til you go blind?
 love     3 days   3 more stupid days     love 
 love     only 20 hours    i'm sooooo ecstatic!!! can't wait     love 
 love  perfekt  <propmale> is here  and is wandering downtown  alone  ecstatic   love 
aaaaaaaahhh running through the woods at bird elementary for like 2 hours! covered in scratches and thorns and mud  but very fun!!  laugh 
is very very very ecstatic and happy and also worried sick   
 love   crying ( last day  crying (  love 
 heart-broken  he's gone    and i'll never see him  heart-broken 
" love  only slightly better, but still sad  crying  i miss him     love "
 love  lalalalala i can't hear you lalalalala  love 
i didn't let myself fall just get back up again   
" love  search for beauty, find your shore  try to save them all, bleed no more  you have such oceans within  in the end, i will always love you    love "
what's today?
 love  is there life before a death? do we long too much and never let in?  love 
omfg! i'm awesome!
<propmale> rund is awesome!
sooooo bored    
having fun??
not such a great day  annoyed 
aahhhhhhhhhhhhh
i looook weeeeiiirrrrddddd
could this be anymore boring???
this isssssss <propfemale> awful     swarm of the kids <10!!!!!!
"wow <propfemale>, leave for a short time and there are almost 50 notifications  \ <propfemale> <propfemale> lonsway, <propfirst> cloud funk, <propfemale> mosteller, <propfirst> mosteller, <propmale> rund, and jefferiah acocella are all awesome "
rough week   
" love  we can't both become the same pawn that's made to fall  oil that tastes like blood stole the summer scent  from me to you you're stabbing me through you  you're stabbing you through him and betting most of this world  we'll add enough of the world    -jars, chevelle  love "
" love  i'll be watching, waiting  dreadful shaking  will the storm pass over us today? will lightning strike our sins away?\watching, waiting  falling, shaking  will the storm pass over us today? or is our future looking grey    -storm to pass, atreyu  love "
" love  you were told to to run away  soak the place and light the flame  pay the price for your betrayal  your betrayal, your betrayal  i was told to stay away  those two words i can’t obey  pay the price for your betrayal  your betrayal, your betrayal    -your betrayal, bullet for my <propfirst>  love "
" love  up on melancholy hill there's a plastic tree  are you here with me  just looking out on the day, of another dream    -on melancholy hill, gorillaz  love "
where am i?
mcclure davies wisniewski squires peterson robinson  annoyed 
" love  nothing stops the madness turning, haunting, yearning pull the trigger  love "
"i'm awesome! y'all know i'm awesome, yo! i love you!"
"you can choose to see outside, or just see the window  usually, i can only see the outside, maybe because that's where i really am, beyond the hold of any walls  it seems to be a miracle when only the smudged glass sits before my eyes, still and unchanging  i guess i let my dreams remain guarded by a blockade, one that i can see through, though i can never walk around it   "
sleep is my new best friend 
" love  no walls  can keep me protected  no sleep  nothing in between me and the rain  and you can't save me now  i'm in the grip of a hurricane  i'm gonna blow myself away  -hurricane drunk, <propfemale> & the machine  love "
i'm bored   seriously   
"my mind is a radio; i can change the station  sometimes i listen to music, other times i just listen to the voices   "
"i seriously am tired, but too awake to sleep   "
smart people is my favourite oxymoron 
" love  so if you love me let me go  and run away before i know  my heart is just too dark to care  i can't destroy what isn't there  deliver me into my fate  if i'm alone i cannot hate  i don't deserve to have you  ooh, my smile was taken long ago  if i can change i hope i never know    -snuff, slipknot  love "
"after being with someone for a while, it's hard to be alone "
"i hate when the person you miss is the one you need comfort from the most, but they can't, and someone else has to do it   "
sleep
you left me lost again    je ne sais pas quoi faire    tu dois croire moi   vraiment    je t'aime   
tell me when you miss me   
what good is a cold metal chain around your neck when it pulls you to hell?
i'm pretty sure i'm getting better    slightly    my voice is still gone though     annoyed 
yayayayay i am better! (but not fully healed)  annoyed 
"fuuuun times last night  laugh  it would've been more fun if we all stayed out later  sad \anywayss i'm bored and tired   "
uggghhhh      why does school start when it's dark out        seriously  playful 
"halloween!!! fuun party, but totally missed trick-or-treating    lazy friends  playful    celebrating the day off of school with friendsssss    bored  playful pppp"
i'm not looking forward to this weekend ending  playful  but at least i get to go driving tomorrow!! ahh     i'm bored   and have to clean my room  sad (
" love  when you go, i will know, follow you to the stars    love "
o o waaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh
am i really awake? zzz
what's going on?
"so, apparently it's funny to <propfemale> mosteller and <propfemale> mosteller that i call my ravioli \pillow noodles\""    they look like little pillows!!!"""
tu n'existes pas     love 
" love  garde tes larmes, je n'en veux pas, <propfemale> <propfemale>, saura, s'occuper de <propfemale>, ton visage trahit <propfemale> voix, tu cours toujours, <propfemale> jour, tu verras, personne ne gagne contre moi     love "
"i'm not a saint, that's easy to tell, but guess what, <propfemale>, you ain't no angel   "
"take my misery, i give all of it, take one <propmale>, i'll be there, offering all of myself i give everything for my last opportunity        "
today was weird   so was yesterday   uuuugggh sooo tired   do not disturb unless you give me caffeine   pleeeeaaasee   
my chocolate shooting <propfemale> looks like a whale!
crazy  day    
*plugs ears* lalalalalala can't hear you!
"ahhaahaa hanging out yesterday with <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>!! funn!!"
"if i tell you to leave, would you?"
open-minded people close their minds to being close-minded     love 
" love  \friends they are jewels twice as beautiful and few\"" -iron & wine  love """
"when people run in circles it's a very, very       mad world       "
so what if my weekend   week has been bad? so what if i'm tired and stressed? just keep on doing what you're already doing 
"but it was not your fault but mine\and it was your heart on the line   "
????????? ????? ??????? 
"\they don't know what they started                 \"""""
lalalalalalalalalala *ignoring you* lalalalaladidaaa
 annoyed  being cold gives me a really bad headache   
"y'know, just because i act like i don't care doesn't mean i don't        "
"yes autocorrect, i kiss toucans "
"i forgot to pick up the textbook i need to do my psychology homework     in other news, it hurts when you drop our bass on your foot     yeah, hanging out with <propmale> and <propfirst>, watching the snow is not that fun  annoyed  and now that i'm home, i am really tired     i complain a lot    "
mwahaha    wait   what?
first school day in weeks that i haven't gone out with friends  playful 
"how am i today   ? well, i don't think i can answer that   "
i tell you goodbye    and you don't see that it's not forever   
braces off!
seasons in the sun    sad song   
i find it kinda funny   
"my dad just said: \mom needs to eat celery marshmallows!\"""""
"hah    yesterday was fun in <propfemale> arbor, but i'm pretty sure the rest of the week will suck    so if you need me, i'll be asleep or playing video games   playful "
forgiveness is fickle when trust is a chore    -i & w
"let's both forget about, the people we care about; tomorrow's just another sun to set; a fading friend you love    -a & l"
listening to good music  smile  feeling dizzy still but oh well    i'm tempted to play struggle irl    i call blue! haha random day  playful 
"i am a musicbox; a keepsake, not a prize    a locket of pictures, handful of cat's-eyes    awaiting a shelf, i am stashed away neatly    my layers of dust, growing all but discreetly   "
"people make mistakes; that's not an excuse, it's a fact    but nobody should make mistakes    and nobody should care if you do   "
oh look! a pretty butterfly      *is terrified*   
one  big  dark room 
i have a name  i have a face  why am i anything less than you? why am i forgotten?
you want honesty? you will fail school  you will not win the lottery  your shirt is stupid  you will never do anything beneficial  you are a lousy friend  now go prove me wrong 
"hah, fun day with many friends downtown; scaling walls then a deep meaningful conversation    over all i learned that i am too much of a bookworm now  playful "
not feeling well ): but sleep helps   
we all have lives that need revising 
"random day with people! 'twas nice to see certain friends be really happy  joyful  and to just sit and talk    compared to my normal record of under a minute, it took me approximately 9 hours and 45 minutes before i finished a single 20 oz  voltage  playful  i'm pathetic!"
mtn dew popsicles!  smile 
ahh nice half-day  smile  not a bad day with <propmale> and <propfirst> i guess  now for sleep   
i can't go a weekend without at least 11 hours of sleep each night   i dislike waking up   
