d9e6a608ca210c58d6a3b2fb7e499ec7
okay    now it is time to make stuffed zucchini for dinner   also i have a waldorf salad from the deli   netflix for my dinner companion   guess i will be just fine  smile 
my day to volunteer at the museum   off i go!
could you tell i was out of netflix tonight?
errand day     tough job but must be done!
i finally finished <propmale> button   what a strange and poignant movie   took me three days   now i am taking my aching head to bed!
my little cottage is under siege!  raccoons and ants   i am losing the battle 
tomorrow morning i am having cataract surgery   i am praying it goes well with  no surprises!
surgery was quick and easy   the music they were playing was elevator music   i requested pink <propmale>   doctor said oh you are a rocker!  i had my surgery to the music of the doors and the surgery gave me a spectacular light show   doctor said he had fun! 
very tired tonight   my cousin's husband died this morning   it was e playful ected   that damn cancer  think it is time for me to go to bed and read 
off i go to get ready for my cataract surgery on the left eye   god willing it will go as nicely as the right one did!
dr  called to check with me and said the operation went very well   i see him tomorrow   more info later!
bedtime   this seeing with both eyes is so exciting it is wearing me out  wink 
taking sunday off    going to sleep as late as i can   going to goof off all day   read in bed   definitely going underground!
i need to establish some sort of routine   i find myself doing things at the oddest times   dinner is always late   did not even watch a dvd tonight!
it is sunday   the day that our ladies group goes to lunch   we have to come up with a better name than that   boring! and don't suggest <propfemale> widows as we are not quite there yet   no raccoons    the ammonia and crushed moth balls kept them away for one night   so far our kind neighbors have not complained about the smell   perfume it is not!
time to go to bed   big day tomorrow~!
sometimes you just have to create your own sunshine 
going to a concert tomorrow night   zappa plays zappa opens but the main group is dream theatre!  i am stoked   i am also taking earplugs   heavy metal here i come!
the sun is shining brightly   no wind   flowers blooming  lunch date    my kind of day!
"something must be done about our shameful health care, and i will not call it a system i call it shameful!"
dream theatre concert…and i am still not touching the ground a week later can't take cameras into the venue so no more pictures    but i got a tour of the tour bus   rode with the stars to the venue   got to know wives and stars and children   ate at their buffet   then i went out to see zappa for a bit but did not stay long as <propfirst> portnoy (super <propfemale>) had me go with his wife to pick out a tee shirt i liked! so i
continued    so i was given a great shirt    he knew i was a pink <propmale> fan so he gave me a cd dark side of the <propfemale> (official bootleg) and i had to keep comparing the two   i did not wear earplugs because i did not want to miss a note   jordan the keyboard player is fantastic and he gave me his cd of just piano work   and i got to go backstage which only the family does    so all in all it was fabulous!
"off we go into the sunshine   our sunday ladies \bling\"" group is going to lunch and whatever happens next  smile """
that's it!  dinner time and a good dvd!
"such an exciting week i have ahead   this morning the peridontist, this afternoon the family doctor, tomorrow the regular dentist for cleaning and wednesday morning the specialist who i hope is going to tell me why i got that piece of meat stuck in my esophogus and if it were an isolated happening i would not care but i have had episodes over the last two months where the food finally cooperated "
"okay, now we know   back to the hospital on monday so doctor can put balloons down my esophogus and stretch it again   glad i am   then i can stop eating like i have no teeth!"
these mafia games   i am stopped with not enough money to buy weapons and cannot fight and do jobs   i think i shall go straight and sell matchsticks on the corner 
fog again!
"today is my museum day   it is still foggy with promises of sunshine in the afternoon   i say \sure\"" i have heard that before!"""
time to put this dangerous old lady out for the night!
"three simply gorgeous days in a row!  i have been walking by the ocean each morning and thanking the higher power for all the beauty   today i am getting a late start so i was told the quote \mad dogs and englishmen\""!"""
travel and more travel!
this time of year is extremely difficult for me  this is when <propmale> started to fail and living  it with him   remains in my soul and i cannot help but relive it again 
to all my wonderful mafia gang and mafia2 gang    i am taking a short rest! i have gone underground   i will be back!
i seem to be taking a break from doing much blogging or facebooking   time to read a good book   we e playful ect a <propmale> storm coming in tonight   i better go round up the flashlights!
"i am off to mn for 11 days   lis is having back surgery and i want to be there for her, the children and me   i am waving to all!"
lis is home   she is having minimal pain so far   the doctor was very pleased with the surgery and said all went well   this first week will be getting the pain under control and then after i go home    someone will have to get her emerging energy under control   she has a list of limitations!
recuperation is the pitts   lis wants to do things and when she does she has to rest for a while   i keep telling her she had surgery   the suture is not bad at all and calls for a tat!  i am getting no cooperation!
may all the saints bless you!
this is it!!!!! watch and listen!  the muppets: bohemian rhapsodywww youtube com
finally some rain!
i am living in the tropics!  it is 45 here as we speak with a light rain   my daughter is at  -16 and my son at 16    guess that cancels their weather out!  i will take my tropics any day    fog and all!
it is a bling sister day!
it is one of those days that i surely miss having the children around and feeling more in the spirit of things   memories!
what a fun day   a new friend took me out to shoot some pool   i will say she is better than i but i have not played pool in many a year   i was really impressed with my first game   i almost won    second game a bit downhill for both of us but we kept trying   third game was ridiculous 
"it took 3 times to break and then we got into the mode of laughing at how bad we were doing   we are going to do this often as we feel there is great undiscovered talent there   the \pros\"" ignored us as best they could"""
that was supposed to be  el teatro campesino com
happy 2010 to each and every one of you!
próspero año nuevo 2011
white
okay   i really am going to get this house work started now! it is almost noon and i have just frittered away the whole morning   well i got up late  smile 
i am dieting   1200 calories a day   learning not to starve is not easy   walking by a high surf this morning was awesome   supposed to be 20 foot swells tonight    got to go check on my maverick's website ~
couldn't find a baby picture but i was  surely young then!
"describe me in 1 word, using the third letter of your name  this is fun  answer me and then copy this into your status and see what people say about you  this could get interesting"
"rain,wind,sun,rain,wind,sun   weird day    tomorrow is going to be a slammer and it may start tonight   batten down the hatches!"
still raining!  no nimbo's today  wink 
the bling sisters are going to see avatar in 3d!  i remember 3d when i was in 8th grade i think   it was about a wax museum 
tomorrow i start curves   all of my curves are going the wrong direction!
spoiling myself today   self-image is so very important in the whole of things  sometimes it is important to do something just for yourself to help your mental health!
saw crazy heart today with <propmale> bridges   everyone's acting was superb   <propmale> bridges should get an <propfirst>   the plot was a bit thin but who cares when the acting is that good~
"it's doppelgänger week; change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo, then cut paste this to your status "
"okay, i have been grounded   i cannot go out and play until i put christmas away in the shed  it is feb  for heavens sake, and get my laundry, floors and general mess organized   that should take all day   by the way, curves is awesome!  i came out of there with so much enery i wish it had slopped over on today!"
work is completed but of course there is alwys more to do   christmas has been retired to the shed and my house is acceptable   now i am off to curves!
the forecast says rain   don't see any today?
mardi gras & superbowl champs    that must be a scene   loved the dorito commercial with the little boy  wink 
mavericks is finally on!!!!!  saturday 13   oh how i wish i could be there   will just have to watch from fb!
i finally saw the mavericks!!!
"what an exciting day   watched the mavericks   <propfirst> made a killer fat free pizza and then she, <propmale> & i listened to these old records that had to played on a record player with a needle   they were from the '20s and '30s   <propmale> had gotten them when he was a dj in 1951   we really had a good day   thank you <propmale> & <propfirst>!"
happy shrove tuesday   remember lent starts tomorrow   i must hasten to curves and then go eat pancakes!
nothing and everything    that is the problem!
finding something to excite me in my retirement   like maybe a new occupation   strickly on the volunteer basis   or maybe i should              ????
good night out with <propmale> & <propfirst>   low cal <propmale> food (does not exist) !  very good and of course the company was wonderful as usual   tomorrow an old friend from the sports car days is coming to visit overnight   <propfemale> and i have soooooooooooooo much to catch up on!  looking forward to her visit 
just been through my first tsumani warning   got the telephone call to stay away from beaches and water   luckily we have only had a 1 foot rise so far   the warning stays up for at least 3 more hours because of possible recurrances   have to go check and see how hi did!
"sadly i had to quit curves   i really enjoyed it   it was killing my tennis elbow and my carpal tunnel was out of control   i am giving it a month's rest and then try to figure out if i can just use the machines that do not need hand arm exercise   i think the answer is to walk,walk,walk,walk              "
tomorrow <propfemale> in wonderland and no i do not want to hear or read any reviews!
"<propfemale> in wonderland    i did not get the 3d tickets in error but that is good   now i can see it again in 3d when the hysteria calms down   i loved the movie   i know   it was a parody on the real story    but wow   never bored, no dull moments and i am now really a sad case of a 70 year old with a crush on <propfirst> depp~!!!!!"
life is strange   i think there was a song by that name by someone and <propfemale>!  does anyone know who someone was    he was say hey <propfemale> and she would say hey              
"okay, going to take my gimpy knee   put the brace on and go read myself to sleep   have pleasant dreams  smile "
"had a deep tissue massage this morning followed by facial   i almost feel asleep   it is so very rare that i relax that much   my massuese calls me her active one   \ i try\""  i think there has been so much going on here there and everywhere   i can only do so much so it is time to teach myself to relax   i cannot put a bandaid on the world and all of you!  so guess it is time to enjoy me  wink """
"please read the article below!  we are truly killing our link to the ocean   whales want to talk to us, be petted and loved "
a time machine   that is what i need   no woody <propfirst> involved or the whole deal is off!
happy st  patricks day to all the <propfemale> and those who we have adopted enjoy along   may blessings be with you all!
today is my lighthouse docent day!  sun is shining now that the fog has gone   i almost wish the fog had stayed so that i could see what the sailors had to contend with when they could barely see the light or not at all!
"tomorrow i plan to have a slot day   those are the days you just disappear into your rugs, walls, couches, etc   shopping can wait!  there is nothing so important to delay a slot day!  i shall slot!"
time to get all my ducks in a row   if i had any ducks!
my mind tells me it is time to get something done in this household!  it is supposed to rain today but it was supposed to rain yesterday   so far sunshine!
"leg of lamb, spring peas, creamed onions, new potatoes   and <propfirst> is bringing salad, deviled eggs and rubarb pie   oh happy easter to all!"
"lord finnegan has pancreatitis and i am scared   he is my love and companion   he is not eating, has no energy and does not even care about his best friend \mousey\""!  please send good thoughts this way   he means so very much to me   he has saved me from complete depression """
now his kidneys are sore  temp was normal  could not run a blood test because an emergency kitten who sounded like she was being killed freaked finnegan out   they had to put him in a holding cage and see if i could calm him   he was growling and hissing    i have never heard him do either   he calmed down in my arms to get some of the treatment   we will see tomorrow 
"lord finnegan is a bit better   refuses to eat anything the vet suggested   i even cooked up chicken,rice,yogurt and chicken broth   i believe his words were what the f--- is that stuff   did not even bother to sniff it  does not like plain cooked chicken, chicken broth, or anything he needs to eat   he is a junk food addict!  i bought some cottage cheese and yogurt   another vet suggestion    and we will see "
"i will not hold my breath!  did i tell you he has a celebrity vet???  dr  <propfemale> pasten was <propmale> the cat's personal vet!  she has written books, etc   i trust her but i got to get finney to eat   he has already lost almost 2 pounds   she is back on thursday and we will think on it again!"
finnegan must be feeling better   he did the crazy cat thing sometime between 4-6am no complaints from me   he runs as fast as he can all over this small 4 room house including jumping on me   then he did it again
today i go to the orthopedic surgeon and he will decide what is next   it has not gotten better   so forget the football career or the basketball idea   tap dancing is a big if!
great news!  dr  does not believe in surgery unless it is the last resort!   hooooorraah!  said it looked like the swelling is less   i told him about my physical therapy the next week after i saw him   i had this knee all over the place   trying to get the meds into finnegan   my mobility in the knee seems to be a good indicator 
"today i go forth to help the education department at the pg museum   they are e playful ecting \70\"" first graders   i believe will probably be the shepard that herds the flock!"""
we had a marvelous time   they were in 3 groups so it was really manageable!  i got to practice my spanish and i got lots of tooth missing smiles!
it is best on my magazine rack
"got another shot in the knee and one in the elbow!  so far so good   i think i should have a tee made saying \my body is shot but i am still moving!\"""""
i am telling myself to be self!  i am going to get really nasty if i <propmale>' stop being a pollyanna    i need to live that profile pic!
memories!
if you ever decide to do a trip to <propfemale> <propfemale> on the train from salinas    talk to me first!  more later!
"<propmale> took <propfirst> & me out for an absolutely decadent dinner!  dessert and all   <propfirst>'s birthday was yesterday and i will be in mn for mine   they are about the most caring, intelligent, kind, interesting, fascinating people    there are just not enough words to describe those two   they have kept me together!  so bring on year 71   i am ready"
"okay   there goes next years get away!  my furnace and air purifier are rusted out and not doing a thing   i had no clue about the air purifier but when the furnace did no come on yesterday to take the chill off the pg summer weather    i knew i was in deep s---!  called the company with a good reputation   the owner came out   he went uner the house and the whole system is rusted, corroded, and old "
"they do not make that furnace anymore   <propmale>  a magnificent job\ designing it and having the sheet metal cut exactly to his drawings  \ he took all the skin off his hands doing the concrete pad   he did all \of it    the whole thing!\\bottom line   the duct work is great    everything else is shit   so new\ furnace   new air purifier (need it for my copd)  so when 2011 \comes    i will have no exotic trips!"
i am home   had a wondefullytrip full of my children~  i am exhausted but i can say for sure    my granddaugther is absolutely beautiful with a heart and personality to match and at the graduation open house there were surely about 100 people     wink  a lot of them were very good looking young men and they just love her   be it friendship or other     they were there and so was her boyfriend!  nanny is worn out!
"happy father's day to all of those who are fathers, take the role of fathers and just help out!  miss my rock and my knight!"
i am not gaining on this flu virus or whatever it is!  whenever i take a plane trip of any length i seem to come down with something after i get home   feels like the flu   so that is what it is!   i am going to bed now 
still sick   went to doctor   she gave me antibiotics   i am breathing better   but feel like an elephant has been using me for a trampoline
going to <propfirst> & <propmale>'s for a bbq!  first time out socializing in 9 days
correction   correction      make that 15 days since i have been anywhere social   i feel like a shut-in!
"<propfirst> does a fantastic bbq   pico de gallo, all roasted on the grill, bacon and potato salad, fabulous spicy blueberry pie and the steaks i brought   it was like a picture in one of those \better living\"" books or \""bon appetit\""!"""
"okay, i am on day 18 in withdrawal from a prescibed sleeping pill   quite terrible actually!  my menicus tear in my knee has flaired up cannot bend it   ortho doctor on tues    and the tooth that needed pulling that we were ignoring has decided that it needs pulling now!  tomorrow at 9 am out with the culprit   i feel like the portrait of <propfirst> grey   the outside still looks pretty good~the inside is crumbling down"
tooth out   tired out from the pulling   what to have for dinner?  oatmeal or mashed beans on toast?
escaping   going to brunch with <propfemale>!  got to get out of this cottage for awhile!
"damn, patch-patch-patch!  when i retired after years of hard work and became a caregiver for the love of my life,i thought there would be quiet place  this drug withdrawal thing still is in my system, my tooth that was pulled now has a problem and dr  <propmale> the eyeman says my left implant in my eye looks cloudy   see me in 3 months!  this is about when my children would say~ i don't want to play this game anymore!"
doing a quick escape with my friends   we are going to look for whales  smile 
had a great time with friends yesterday   they are much better than whales   lord finnegan had to have a pedicure this morning and now he is hiding under the bed   it did not take more than 3 minutes that i could tell    but he is not a happy camper  sad 
"finnegan is out from hiding!  he ate a dead leaf off the <propfemale> plant in the sunroom today   called the vet   some <propfemale> is poison   they said   if he foams at the mouth, vomits and other lovely things   rush him in   he is asleep in my bed under the spread   his favorite place   i am going to figure out what to have for dinner that is healthy "
"i did a lot of world traveling this afternoon   south <propfemale>, phillipines and finally mexico!  i was having signal problems with my cell   i spent about 1 1 2 hours traveling the above before mexico said   you have antenna problems   i am sending you a new phone   his name was <propfirst>   he was very nice   i wonder if he looks like the <propfirst> that i had such a terrible crush on in 1972 ?"
"meeting the san <propfirst> obispo friends for dinner at cannery row   cyndee and family have to be about the best friends that travel this far with me as one of their destinations   i am really blessed by all of \yoose guys\"" !"""
well it is 1 1 2 hours until concert time   but who is counting  laugh   back to the 60's again   love it!!! report later           
great concert!  country <propfirst> still has the voice!  got an autograph on his cd ~ big brother and the holding company  needed <propfemale>   they did a great set with a <propfemale>  sound alike   it was not really there~there  there is only 1 <propfemale>   no matter how good the voice  you cannot reproduce the pain that made her songs so very stunning 
"looking into a med alert system  living alone you could have a catrastophe and no one would know   called my money man   he said \ i told you to keep that cell phone charged and in your reach at all times   goollly henry i will have to make it into a necklace   he is looking into non-e playful ensive options but still makes sense  if i can't push a button for emergency on the celll how am i going to push a med alert button?"""
sent in the app for the lifeline med alert   let the kidlets know so they can have a better feeling about me being here alone   i just have to get lord finnegan to learn how to punch 911 on the phone!
this morning i will be going to our cemetery by the sea   some volunteers are going to start cleaning up around the old graves   these are the founders of our little village   many have no families here anymore to keep those resting places in good shape   this will be a very good thing as the cemetery is the resting place of my husband with a spot next to his for me 
today-lifeline connected  no alone anymore  put together a trader <propfirst>'s care pkg for young pregnant gal (neighbor) whose 18mo had to go to er for another seizure  baby okay but not breathing when ambulance came   took pictures at big difference in cemetery after our clean up   came home and cuddled lord finnegan until he got bored!
sunday madness! mr mousey has been missing for days   lord finnegan's favorite toy   i tore the house apart and found him under the stove   i already looked there! lord f  was no help at all   i got my entire house cleaned   mr  mousie served a purpose  laugh 
<propfirst> he was really sexy!
see!!!!!!!! wow guess i am hopeless  wink 
"patch, patch and more patch   being 71 certainly has it's little problems   today dermatologist   he made me look like i have the measles   i now have red spots all over my face, hands, arm, and one of my legs   thankfully they are sunspots and not cancerous   then next wed  i am finally going to have my right hand fixed   the carpal tunnel problem has turned <propmale> "
nothing helps and i am tired of dropping things and writing like i never went to catholic school    oooooooo's for lines and lines   nurse told me it is timeout and can't do much for a week   guess it is time to watch those netflicks that have been sitting there wink 
"patch, patch and again!   tomorrow at 9 i will hopefully get the carpal tunnel problem solved   it is bad enough when you drop water, it is not good with hot tea, but a glass of vintage wine makes the whole problem an emergency   my doctor has a great sense of humor and a great sense of people!  he said   you dropped a good glass of wine???? surgery as soon as possible  smile "
surgery over   so far  so good  typing with left not good
today it hurts   definitely know where the incision is located!  i will not be playing castanets  this week  laugh 
splint off-stitches still in-pain on and off-can do anything short of lifting a sack of flour or being careless   somehow the doctor did not answer my castanet question   he just says    be good !!!! when i leave the office 
sometimes you just feel  e playful endable!
had such a keystone cops day today that it knocked the depression away   is it my <propfemale>???  weirdness tickles the hell out of me!
stitches out today   asked if i had restrictions   doctor said take it easy for a week   oh   forget that   do what you want to do~!!!!  my kind of doctor  wink 
i cannot believe it is 82 degrees here today   it is just wonderful and it is supposed to last for a few more days   big improvement over the dripping fog!  sunshine certainly does wonders for the blues!
with my dad and mother both gone the children told me i am now the matriarch   therefore the new profile pic    i am the <propfemale>!  no one pays attention to me   but i am the <propfemale>!
"sunshine  fisherman's wharf  friend tini shake  runs <propfemale>'s there  gave us a+ service,free starter, and if the manager came back one more time to see if we were happy i was going to trip him   a day that e playful lains why i live here!"
there are times when we all need a rainbow   you know there really is a pot of gold at the end   it is your dreams!
"of every 10 people born, 1 is gay  that means 1 of every 10 is \instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in minority and so\ much else, all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are \turning to suicide as a way of escaping "
"if you want to tell them that \life will get better and that you respect them for who they are, copy \and paste this  most of you won't, let's see the 5% of you who will!"
computer blew last night   using <propmale>'s until monday when they hope to transfer my stuff into his stuff and i can be up and running again in my hideyhole!
"yesterday would have been our 27th anniversary   i took him some fresh flowers, a happy anniversary sign that the florist said i should do and said to him <propmale> we are having appliance and computer breakdowns this week!  now i am going to have your computer~what do you think about that?  no answer this time "
"sometimes he puts notions in my head but he did tell me today to see \what should be deleted before the e playful ert comes   he has tax records are \not for public information!  so now i have to figure what the hell i am \doing!"
daughter & grandson coming tomorrow   my computer is down   using <propmale>'s    waiting to hear if mine is fixable   i am here but very busy!
"rain, rain and more rain   we did not let it put a damper on our fun!"
i will be working on this computer for days!!!!windows 7 is a whole new ball game   go giants
had a great day!  this morning at science sunday the museum did bats & spiders    i got to help the children make masks of bats and spiders   it was so much fun!  we were swamped with happy kids   i went up to see the tarantula   it was so crowded that i just got a glimpse   that was fine for me    never had a <propmale> to see the bats   i was sooooo busy making masks! great way to spend halloween!
going to watch the election results!  i do hope prop 19 wins   it will certainly help the crime rate as well as being safer than booze!
life is like a book   if you don't open the pages you will never know what is inside   if you don't go over that next hill you may never see beauty waiting for you   we are all afraid of the unknown and prefer the comfortable   what wonders we might miss
two years today part of my heart died   people say time will help   it does not really~it just hurts in a different way 
special bun bun with a sense of direction and looking at the treasures that wait for those of us who know him and the penguin with the kromoli feet!
okay    now i am getting annoyed like really annoyed!  eating a biscuit this morning and a tooth broke!  seems like the patching is almost daily for this old body!
"ho ho is right   missing tooth and now i come down with the flu cold   supposed to go to lunch and was really looking forward to it   saying \shit\"" again!"""
"lord finnegan and i have a wonderful christmas tree this year   it was given to us by a dear friend who is also my gardener, handyman and  guardian angel   he drives by here on his way home from work to see that everything is okay   he doesn't stop but if he thinks there is a garbage can that needs to be put up, or watering to do~well you get the picture!  bossy about me doing too much too \i am his us grandmother"
"i have a terribly amazing block   i leave for baja,sun,god and relive, something strong is stopping me from the packing  i want to go   finney has all sorts of house sitters   this year i know i have to do this but it is strange   i leave wednesday   maybe my god is waiting to tell me something!"
"<propfemale> christmas & happy holidays to all    eat, drink & be <propfemale> (that is not spelled <propfirst>!)  love to each and every one of you!  <propfemale>"
went out with the bling sisters for lunch at fisherman's wharf   so good to see everyone  it has been too long!
going to museum volunteer potluck tonight     more later!
