1e1c8b7fa7ea340b01a4338ce015187e
woot ohio state just won!!!!!!  *dances around the room*
is sitting in her master's class wondering if her topic is do able   hm    
happy father's day to all the dad's   i miss mine 
is getting new glasses!!!!
happy 4th of july!   smile 
i got my new glasses!!!!!
arg having trouble writing more of this thesis        
not ready to turn in that rough draft of that thesis   its not ready!! its below my standards!!! grrr!!!
long week          when will it end?
went to lake <propfemale> today   had fun!!  smile 
happy birthday to me  okay so its on the 2nd of sept i won't be here to wish to myself online so i will now    playful 
thank you all for the birthday wishes   i had a great one    smile 
is so upset   teaching was a passion for me   i have wanted to do it since anyone can remember (3 or 4 year old people) and now its being taken away    sad 
rip <propfirst> swayze    sad   nobody puts baby in the corner 
time to stop taking quzzies off to bed!
if you want me to make you a scarf please go to my notes and see where i posted free scarf!  you have less than a month to do so!
pulling my hair out writing my propsal    confidential 
last <propmale> to order your scarf   go to my notes to order one   you have until nov 3 
happy halloween! have a fun and safe night!
has just finished one scarf working on another one 
so ready for a nap   oh wait bed time!!!
i wish i were a better writer   i don't have a clue how i'm going to write this thesis      yeah i suck!
3 scarves done!!! woot!!!
really i should go to sleep but i can't    hmmmm    
what weather we have   and i have to say there are days i love it and days i don't   and oh <propfirst> you need to check your email!!!
is really sick!!! booo!!
and the tree is up   lets see here all long it will take for us to have 3 cats in a tree 
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!   laugh 
just wrote my year in review   it is posted on myspace and live journal   if you want to read it let me know 
happy new years everyone!
happy new years and have a safe one!
there are days i really hate banks   today is one of them   so glad i'm going to be paying my rent late   not!!!!
i learned something tonight   death valley has schools!!!!
tan
here i go again with the spells of vitergo   not cool!!
i danced with a monster at the dinner table because i'm cool like that 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has autism  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for acceptance       93% won't copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour"
i think its time for a nap    oh wait bedtime is more like it     playful 
the better team won today but boo to the jets for winning 
for the first time i am really upset with a friend   we shall see if we can work this out 
"now that i have figured out the whole \pants on the ground\"" thing    yeah i just found out i need to watch more american idol tryouts """
woot i found one of my friends!!!!!  yes!!!
the two best teams are in the super bowl   saints and colts!!  okay the chargers should been there but that's okay!!!   smile   go saints in two weeks!
if you and i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me??? (if you comment you have to copy and paste to your status to see what funny things your friends say!  fair is fair)
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  then copy and paste this in your status and share what it says about your name in the first comment 
way to go saints!!!  woot!! party!!!!!
i don't like the new facebook lifts at all   they are stupid!!!
two things to say i will be going to comic con in july and seeing daughtery in april!!! woot!!!
"i love patti:  \i can never remember my assword\""  i couldn't help myself that was too funny!!"""
is it nap time yet?
"intersting fact that made me laugh:  <propfemale> county in northern california is shaped like a gun, pointing at the state of <propfemale> "
rumors rumors   i do hope this one isn't true!
happy st  <propfirst>'s day!
so very tried   i do believe its naptime i mean bed time    smile 
happy easter or passover    smile 
"according to my horescope: \you'll be walking right in step with your friends today -- and everyone is smiling there will be a strong connection between you and a surprising someone today \""  to bad that's not what i think with some of my so called friends """
doesn't feel very good and nearly brunt down her apt     me thinks i need to clean my oven!!! heheh!!!
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and of the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? april is cancer month "
still don't feel well   this sucks!
"it's sister week!!!!! if you have a sister or sisters who make your life interesting and fun, is a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living by being around, copy and paste this to your status   i ? my sister!!!"
well i will be leaving <propfemale> <propfemale> college and taking my master's thesis with me     i'm attending a different college 
<propfemale> and i just met cavo!   how cool!!!!!
happy mother's day to all the mom's out there    smile  huge hugs from me    smile 
"while you scream at your woman, there's a manwishing he could talk softly to her ear    while you humiliate,offendand insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there'sa man stealing smiles from her    post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence "
is watching precious
starts school tomorrow at a new uni   yay problem though is i don't have the book yet   that's going to be a problem
i just posted a video i think is intersting and probably you will find it intersting as well 
"pledge allegiance to the flag of the unitedstates of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  repost if you think our country and our flag deserve respect! lets see how many americans will repost "
waiting for lost     don't ruin it!!!
wow i can't believe it   it's been a year since my dad died   it stills feels so unreal    miss him greatly i don't think i can get over that void 
"i'm without internet!!! booo!!!!! if you need me, which i'm sure you all won't, just text or call my cell   <propfemale> is taking care of my farm!!  love you all <propfemale>!"
happy memorial day!  to all our men and women who have lost their lives for this country i slute you and your families   to those who are fighting for us i alos slute you 
i'm going to bed   i am so tried    laugh 
i give up!!!!
yay celtics!!!!!!!!!  go boston!!!!!
"out of character for me especially for anyone who knows me:  my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1991   we have had some scares between than and now   however, on a rountine breast mamogram they found something last month   her doc wanted them to look again and they did but they wanted to do a bisopy last week   today we find out its cancer   here we go again         "
let's go usa lets go!!!!  and btw please score some goals on england!!!!
well going with mom to her apt today   here to hope    smile 
good news: noninvaous cancer aka means they found it earlier than they did back in 1991   bad news: surgery is required    annoyed  here we go again 1991   okay give me a break on spell 
let me clear something up: back in 1991 my mom had to options on surgerys  these same two options are back on the table   only this time around its 2010   i'm not trying to be dramic here or anything its just these two options are what i'm referring too 
grrr fb you won't let me do anything!!!!
has gone country!   at a country throwdown concert in bakersfield 
happy father's day to all the fathers including mine!  and off to disneyland for my mom's birthday    smile 
sitting with my mom waiting for her mri   than next monday we find out what kind of surgery she will have 
off to go see backstreet boys   okay more like seeing a guilty pleasure!!
writing my paper for my class     i'm getting there slowly to bad its due tomorrow   grrr>
today is the day we find out what kind of surgery mom is having     annoyed 
sorry i haven't updated:  mom will b having a lumpmectomoy (can't spell that)   her surgery is july 14th 
well off to northern cali tomorrow for 4th of the july fun with family friends    smile    happy 4th of july to every one of my us friends!
had a lot of fun in aurburn cali with a dog and her squril friends!  oh yeah there is a story there 
the biggest shock just happened: i got an a in my first course at ashford uni   woot!!!! in a master's class!!!
yes i did feel the 5 4 earthquake    smile 
"from twitter: zodiacfacts #zodiacfacts #virgos are not shy in giving you their time or energy, but they are also not so shy in point out your faults "
"if you have a best friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin, love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall and give you a much needed dose of reality or a swift kick in the bum if necessary, then    copy and post this    to your status  you know who you are  :"
congrats to spain    smile 
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did  will you? my heart goes out to all those that are still fighting cancer, and my love will always be with the ones ive lost to cancer, may they rest in peace ?"
tomorrow is my mom's surgery we will let you know what's going on   if you need me text or call my cell   talk to you all soon!
my mom went into sugery 20 mins ago 
my mom just got of sugery everything looks good   we will know more on monday!
so ready to crash after all that happened today!!! night!!!
"what a wonderfulshow mother nature!!!  love the smell of the rain here!!!  could live without the muggy, sticky, and hot part (all of them together spereate it's okay but together not so much) "
"theysaya true friend can go long periods of time without speaking andneverquestion their friendship  these types of friends pick up likethey just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or howfar away they live  repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one"
i need to update the pics i have     homework takes over everything though    i will do it soon i do promirse!!!
going to mom's doc appt 
well we have good news for right now: mom surgery went well they got everything and everything looks clean   sorry <propfemale> i didn't text message you i was the driver 
"off to san <propmale> for fun, family and comic con!!! see you all on friday sometime!!!"
yay comic con!!!!  funny people are running around here    wait i am one of those funny people   oh well!!!
had a blast!!  can't wait until next year!!!
back!!
happy birthday daddy!!
i finally get to put up pictures from things!!! woot!!! you will have to wait until after dinner 
so i got my grade back from my last class and here i thought i had failed and be set back and to my surprise i got a b!!! i will take the b   woot!!!
is it nap time???
yay we finally have my dad's headstone!!!!  its only a year late but oh well   smile 
happy birthday to me!!!!
thank you to everyone for the birthday wish    smile 
from twitter:  whoever becomes friends with #virgos learns early that they e playful ect loyalty 
is waiting in a line to see apocalyptica!!!!!
do you want a free scarf?  go to my notes to learn how to get one    laugh 
waiting to be let in for the uproar conert festival
did i mention i got an a in my last class???  oh yeah!!! 2 a's and b is pretty damn good for me!!!!!
starting to work on the scaves   if you want one go to my notes and put your order in    smile 
i'm starting to get done with some scaves so check your emails or junk mails please!!!
the worst news my uncle just died    sad   a year after his younger brother (my father)   sad 
question to anyone who can do this in the ridgecrest area: i need help with a tie that i can't tie   please and thank you!
happy halloween!!!!  have a safe one everyone!
congrats to the gaints!!!
i'm sorry i didn't like any of the candiates for governor   but i didn't want brown because of the fact <propfirst> manson is still alive right along with some of his followers   they are living a very nice life in a jail cell 
<propmale> browns beat new england   hahahahahahahahahahaha btw it was by 20 points      hahahahahahahahahaha
woot!! got another a that means i have 3 a's and a b!!!!  did i mention i'm part of an honor scoicty?  ha!!!!  finally someone wants to celebrate my grades!
before i forget and i know its late but still happy veteran's day to all thoes who have served or are currently serving 
happy thanksgiving to all my american friends    smile 
"i changed my profile picture to a cartoon character from childhood  invite your friends to do the same  until monday, there should be no human faces on fb, just a stash of memories  this is for a campaign against violence on children "
"a teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television  in the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and more often than not investing their own money for    your child's literacy, prosperity,    and    future  re-post if you are a teacher, love a teacher, or appreciate a teacher?"
doesn't feel good   boo!!!
<propfemale> christmas to all that celebrate it and those who do not i wish you and yours a happy holidays!!!
did i mention i got a b in my last class?  oh i didn't!! well i did!  i have 3 a's and 2 b's!!!  yay!!!
is watching one of the best movies the sound of music!! love that movie!
had fun playing monopoly with mom and <propfemale> tonight!!!
yay i updated on live journal and myspace!!! go me!
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons make people fat  remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize!!! repost if you agree    "
can't sleep      annoyed 
copy this to your status and see what people rate you  | 1  violent | 2  i`d marry you | 3  sweet | 4  beautiful | 5  talkative | 6  hilarious | 7  blonde | 8  funny | 9  fun | 10  perfect | 11  you`re the best | 12  miss you | 13  crazy | 14  random | 15  i love you
asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for just one hour? do it for all of us! for the many family and friends lost to cancer and for those battling now 
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately   re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world!!
"i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best "
"for my fellow dyslexics: aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
night
i need a walking <propmale>!!!
"do any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours?"
new spelling of my last name thanks to barns & noble: zicike     o o and hahahahahaha
and say good bye to the <propfemale> rio we use to own   it was sold tonight 
woot packers!!!!!!
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status!?\??????????????? ????????============"
"? if you have an amazing sister, put this as your status  ?"
<propfemale>
intersting how some of my comments have been deleted        
happy <propfirst>'s day!
just applied for graudation     laugh   (for some reason my post disappeared)
yay!!! my internet works again!!!  laugh 
"put a picture of your pet or an animal you adore as your profile picture  the idea is to have no human images on facebook until february 28 so as to cooperate with the campaign against animal cruelty  if you're against animal cruelty, copy and paste this message in your status "
christian bale won!!!! hahahahahahahah
"breaking news: the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on and crashed into we all have problems before coming to a complete stop at get the heck over it  any complaints about how we operate can be forwarded to 1-800- wha-aaah with dr  snivel  reporting live from quitchur whinnin'        if you like this, repost to your status   smile "
