7d916a617b6a68c664b39e7ffe46acb9
"i don't feel so good    :[ my body wont let me drink and im really thirsty, by that i mean i throw up everything i drink  this sucks "
compared; 0ne to everything  which one would you chose? honestly 
headache
"i want to go outside and enjoy the rain, but i don't feel to good -_- i want to try but i don't feel like dying later   "
"sick out of my mind, i can barely move, i feel so weak  i think it was a fever    i feel a <propfemale> bit better than yesterday, still can barely move, and slept all day yesterday and today so far only to wake up every 7 minutes    i hate it  annoyed "
 annoyed                          hypocrisy                    sad 
"mad, sad, reallly confused and     im feel better (not sick laugh )"
can't fall be here already? -sigh-  playful 
"i can sleep restfully now, yesssss  smile "
"i had to run three <propmale>, and i can't walk right  laugh  good night morning to all of you  laugh "
what's up people?!
"people, we need a get-to-gather"
"everyone, look up \ownage pranks\"" it's the funniest stuff you'll ever listen to  guaranteed"""
'just letting everyone know i'm still alive   ?  laugh  whoo
"resist's first recording, album coming out soon     laugh "
you guys should stop being so miss-able
i wish people were on when i was    or i have to stop being nocturnal
"going to band practice, wish us luck!  smile "
"anyone want to talk sometime? comment: yes no, date, time  below  playful "
what's goin' on people?!  x]
"hello there reader, had a fun day today   laugh "
"going to da cape tomorrow, so i wont be on for quite the while  (30th) so leave me stuff to surprise me when i get back? please, that would be so awesome of you  laugh  lol, bye  playful "
"well, if i can't get an internet connection where ever im going, then this will be my last post until the 30th  but if not, hoorah  im excited though, but not cause i miss you guys"
"well, they have internet up here, so i'd love to talk    anyone?"
"im away    i miss you guys, the least you can do is talk to me   smile "
"okay, so i might not make it to warped    im heading back early 31'st plus i need an amediate ride and money, so everyone wish hope and maybe ill make it  laugh       thanks"
"off to <propmale> florida, to visit grandma  laugh "
"oh, i forgot to mention    im home now, i got back yesterday"
great things come with <propfemale>    'never noticed that
you know how to beat sleep? be nocturnal like me  smile 
have to go to bed early earlier to wake up for something that id rather not go to    hm    that sounds oddly familiar
is saying g'night
isn't available at all tomorrow   
back
could anybody give me ansel's number??
i wish i had a super power    
"saw a bunch of good movies today    and even invented a sport, fun day"
anyone wanna chit-chat tonight?
"it's too boring at home, someone call me up or kidnap me "
woo 28th  laugh 
"so i guess there's a difference between party and \par-tay\"""""
watched fargo    it was great
for those who saw inglorious bastards; tell me how it was 1-10: 1 being terrible
"making    semi-cd's of our band, people go get a free one: <propmale> (if we get to use his computer+blank cd's), and all the people who helped, you should know who you are  and for the people who want to buy them it's just $1 "
"hah, made new friend today  playful "
good night :j
"inglorious, might be the weirdest movie i have seen from <propmale> tarantino   "
a fun day tomorrow   
"met some weird people, took some cool pictures, slept through jazz concerts    interesting day (which is now yesterday)"
"biology should not be the first hour for me, it just makes my day seem a whole lot longer"
i am never eating schoool lunch again
is a contradiction
"saw gamer, detroit rock city, and hitcher    drc is the best movie i have seen in a long time, and never watch hitcher    ever"
im going to be sooo dead sleepy tomorrow 
my stats text book questions don't make sense half of the time
"ahh, the things that happen can happen over the weekend   "
how's every body doin?
"i got my phone to work again, just so you guys know  playful "
"had a realizing, awesome, weird conversation tonight "
not ready for christmas
i hope tomorrow's gonna be good 
just took one step closer to actually getting people 
2010 in less than 8 hours!
keyboard's working again! this year is already good 
winter's trying to pose as fall  not cool 
never  eating  school  lunch  ever  again 
b-o-r-e-d
today's gonna be fuunnnn
monday off    sweet   smile 
zombies     laugh 
was just reminded of how complicated things are can be 
i say sorry to much    
"\hahahaha-i will get a si playful ack by the time i stop laughing-hahahahah\"" this is the best thing i've heard in a while  playful """
"you're gonna 'what' like a boss?    oh wow, that's disgusting"
my day has never been made so many times in 12 hours   laugh 
\\][\\
"sorry about that, if i was doing weird stuff to you on here  it was my friend  my bad, actually    his bad"
"just had a song stuck in his head that he liked, then wondered why he likes it, and now doesn't like it so much"
this is gonna be a good week 
"q: \what did the flower say to the bike?\"" a: \""get a new chair\"""""
one more month + 17 days = ???
"\you're scotch korean! you don't make a wee bit of sense!\"" that comercial is the best """
prepare yourselves   
hot tub time machine was amazing
it's adventure time!
<propfemale> = my favorite movie 
taking notes for 72 minutes straight is the worst 
only if i could answer the questions i ask myself 
these people are stupid if they want to be treated like that 
was anyone else in that wind last night?! it was awesome 
in msu  laugh 
is in mind mode   
<propfemale>   
it seems weird that 10 years from now and even more  (considering i still continue to use facebook) i will still have all of you on here    cool  laugh 
"i either take something too seriously, or not serious enough  i need to fix this "
have you ever seen a screaming mime? no? it's rediculously funny 
tomorrow's the last day of the school week  smile 
"by tomorrow, i will have a computer once again! mwahahahahh"
i found the <propfirst> brothers super show on netflix! ohhh yeah  hahaha
guess what im posting this from!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh ddd
this is the most people i ever had online at one time!
"on the weekends, there is no such thing as sleep  playful "
kickass was great   playful 
ignore my most recent post    that app is evil  don't do it
that was the most amazing thing in the world  i can't wait until next rehersal  laugh 
how do i know what (and who) to believe?
eh    school shouldn't happen tomorrow   
"okay, it is the perfect weather out right now! it's sweeeeettt"
i ate a lot of cereal     i don't feel too good
these are going to be the longest 19 days ever 
"who likes digging themselves in to holes? really? because i don't, im stuck in mine "
"today's a <propfemale> day  the clouds are there, but i can't see them, im enjoying the sun too much  why can't it be like this all the time?"
one week  smile 
had (and will continue to have) an awesome day 
best  concert  ever   laugh 
i think i over-dosed on politics today    i don't feel too good
it's hot out    i like it 
tomorrow's gonna be a good day  smile 
today's a special day  laugh 
"thank you all who wished me a happy birthday, you all had a very different way of saying it, so leave it to my friends to be original, right? i had a great day, and i owe it to you guys, thanks again  smile "
"oh, god  multi-tasking is not for me   "
bought about $13 dollars worth of arazona iced teas in the past 24 hours  way to go me!  playful 
is rockin' the suburbs
today and tomorrow's gonna rock  laugh 
"just got done with the fair, saw an une playful ected friend, and laughed alot  now on the way to <propmale> of persia   laugh "
macgruber was the funniest movie ever 
this world is full of total psychos   
i need to clear my mind and focus on these last few days of school   
"people only hear the good points that are made, but they don't listen "
don't watch splice   
"i guess right now is the time i should be saying something whitty about the up-comming exams, huh?"
printers are dumb 
so many things made this day awesome  hhahahahaaa
"got to school late, finished 2 exams in the time i got for one, and still made the bus  i need a reward "
"tomorrow's gonna be awesome, stopping by at my old elementary school with some friends to say hi to some old teachers and swimming   laugh "
"this is amazing, i got home and turned on my ipod, and the first song that played was 'it's summer time' "
"okay, well    this isn't good "
i just heard the funniest laugh in the world! hahahahaha
this was the best friday i have had in a looooooooooooooooooooooooonggg time 
4 of july is going to be swweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeett
"everything makes sense, this is amazing "
this heat is terrible 
"no restrictions on when i should sleep or wake up, is really messing me up "
every day now    sleep at 5am and wake up at 3pm    someone make me stop this 
and here starts a new week 
"this storm is amazing, i feel it shaking the house "
"i messed up when i sleep and when i wake up so bad, that i think it's actually getting back to normal  it's funny how that works "
inconsiderate people   
going 20hr s straight on a bus to boston    wish me luck   
just got the sweetest freakin' hat   laugh 
"watch\the\other\guys\right\now \(it was almost too good)"
i'm finally home    anyone want to <propfemale> out???
"\your bf is about to be f'd up the b\"""""
staples are out!  laugh 
dopesauce 
i got pancake mix  smile 
i think it's snowing   
"it's 9:50, and it feels like 5am    time to get the best sleep of my life "
"the weekend  now would be the appropriate time to scream \finalllyyyyyy\"""""
is it me or has arcade fire suddenly started sounding a whole lot better?
oh boy would i do anything for a life-redo button right now 
"woooo, storms!"
"when it comes to <propmale>, mistakes = hell "
"ehhemmm, let me just apologize for the spamming of the 'social interview' app to some people just now "
"i'd like for you to all know that it is-e playful losion!\   wednesday"
"this cold sucks   annoyed \\for you at chs who hasn't caught it yet, be careful  this is a powerful germ we got here "
is digging this new weather 
"man, was it hot today or what?"
"with the weather making my house extremely cold, i'm developing a whole new level of love for my bed "
"this weather is pretty shweet, good thing i have somewhere to go today "
"tomorrow is going to rock, and i mean half of that literally "
my front door has become a fortress for stink-bugs    this stinks 
my hair is so short now  oh god  hahaha 
"i'd say homecoming was good  you people who told me i wouldn't have fun, you have been proved wrong  bummer i couldn't go to any of the parties afterward   annoyed \"
"it's my brother's birthday, you guys should uh, wish him a good one  even if you don't know him   wink "
bed time = yes time  goodnight 
had a good time at <propmale> fish   laugh 
is thinking that the rest of this month is going to be awesome 
i'm loving the color outside 
i feel so sleepy    at 7? today totally wore me out 
tomorrow is friday    it should have been friday yesterday 
confucius is    really cool   
great concert every one! i am so ready to crash right onto my bed  there is going to epic sleep tonight 
happy halloween!  laugh 
"oh hey, look at that, it's november   "
inbox only: tell me something you've always wanted to say to me  stays between us  put this as your status and see what you get 
school's really making me hate fridays   
please don't tell me this is a fever that i'm feeling     annoyed \
= \a type of sewer rat that prowls petaluma, looking for high fives and \7d916a617b6a68c664b39e7ffe46acb9,"oh hey, i'm sleepy  oh hey, there's a bed       nahh"
\been around the world and found\,7d916a617b6a68c664b39e7ffe46acb9,due date  good day 
fun fact of the day: school tomorrow
ate dinner then watched the walking dead      i'm full of good ideas!
i hate it when i say something and it doesn't actually sound as stupid as i thought  same thing goes for when i say something that sounds more stupid than i thought 
11 11? does no one see this?
sushi den? heck yeah     
"alright, so i go to the bathroom and this guy takes the loudest and shortest crap  he's also talking to himself, calling himself a \slug\"" and some mumbling about not knowing the truth  people are so freakin' weird  but i laughed a little too hard """
skyline was      weird 
"work, it's gotta be done     "
"concert tomorrow      good or bad? we'll find out \(i'm scared )"
is tuxed up and ready to roll 
"i see a shop called \fitness boop\""  that's pretty awesome """
finally home  this was a good weekend 
hey orch  dorks! what lunch do we have tomorrow??
i would post my schedule for next tri if some paper-hungry psychos weren't in my history class     
exams done  'waiting for the moment of truth 
<propfemale> music is pretty awesome 
"conc physics - talyor\\japanese - valtadoros\\drawing - buchanan\\geometry - rykse\\orchestra - <propmale>"
i can do this 
doraemon!
"i just became conscious of my sleeping habits  \goodnight "
how could i have managed to turn my phone on silent then lose it?!
just found my phone  i am a pro 
where did all the good people go?
biggest load off of my mind  ever  imma celebrate
i don't want to do this     
i wish i was <propmale> so i could eat glass 
the trees look awesome 
what the perfect packing snow? ahahaha
"i really hope the people saying \no school tomorrow\"" aren't screwing with me """
don't you hate those days when you are actually awake and feeling pretty darn energetic but your eyes just wont stay open? because i just had one of those days 
"finally got a jacket that's actually warm! bring it on, winter "
frustration 
"<propfemale> christmas! \      where's <propfemale>?"
<--- needs to find a new picture 
next year  so ready 
one little thing can break a lot 
"\why am i so cold?!\""\",7d916a617b6a68c664b39e7ffe46acb9,there goes my whole weekend   annoyed \
coming prepared tomorrow  going to stay after school and practice like never before 
i'm not as ready as i thought 
"tonight was good, real good  nice job to everyone who played tonight   wink "
i have the barenaked ladies stuck in my head 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
"<propfirst> jenkees  i never thought i'd see a true musical genius play before my eyes before  now that i have, i can't believe it  truly awesome "
inspired and motivated  good to go 
"so i woke up this morning because i forgot to turn of my alarm, after that i looked outside my window and only saw white, very bright white  i got blinded and fell right back into bed "
"i just witnessed someone actually saying \snow my god\""      what is this world coming to?"""
"brother's week! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, annoyed you to no end, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you are very proud to have in your life post this on your status "
modern family = best  show  ever 
phone broken? not good 
phone is fixed  hoorah!
"tomorrow is going to rock my socks off \if it doesn't literally do just that, i will be really disappointed "
"i am a chair, a chair is what i am "
"okay, so i found this jar of molasses in some grocery bags that my mom got a few days ago  i never actually tried the stuff, and i heard it was actually good from some people a while back  so i had a little spoon full      i thought i was going to die     "
broke many hairs      going to compensate with some rest 
"most  exhausting  day  ever  \zzzzzzzzzzzz"
"\we can't imagine the things we want as well as we can imagine the things we fear \"""""
"i'm going to be so sore tomorrow, and i have to bring in all my textbooks      this'll be fun "
can't we just skip third tri?
i lost my schedule      lol 
"hey guys, any suggestions on how i can look at my schedule for tomorrow online?\i'm kind of in need, so any help would be appreciated   playful "
awesome 
got my haircut! this will take a little getting used to 
"there are two ways to get famous, get hated an extreme amount or get loved an extreme amount      i guess getting hated is mainstream too "
power is on  yes!!!
"so i'm walking to my ad's door and look to the neighboors yard, i see kids playing swords with a shovel and a bat  how i miss being young     "
