7faac1a3fa66aa5033bef8e6f7104e53
i'm glad to be home after a wonderful carmelite seminar   but sad that my friend who was coming this week had to cancell    
playing catch up   and getting ready for todays eucharist     
getting ready for a chat room on the interior castle    
happy birthday st  <propfirst> the baptist     
it's raining even in ct      
is glad to be home     and sharing the feast of saints <propfirst> and <propfirst> with a eucharist and freinds
a hermit day   and class on the interior castle    
a day when nothing seems to be going well      
a new day    fresh flowers in the chapel coreopsis soaking to dye more yarn    and a eucharist on the way    
"what a gift it is to be an american,,,and how much we need to pray ofer our country and a return to it's founding spiritual values    "
cooking down yarrow   
is getting ready for guests
i'm still fighting sadness      got to get things pulled together somehow    
getting the chapel ready for our transfiguration eucharist  happy feast everyone    especially all friends who belong to the community of the transfiguration     blessings 
prayers for the vestry retreat     
so what did i do to create three pictures????
tomatoes   tomato sauce   and hot tomato sauce
heased for evening prayer       rain rain     
i love advent 1        new beginnings ! great hymns      and sarum blue !
feeling sleepy and praying for <propfirst> and the whole church    
wondering if i am going to make it to fr  <propfirst>'s funeral this morning      
sorry to have missed the funeral      what a beauty it is    as long as one can stay inside   oh ye ice and snow          
looking at a plowed drive   thanks to bruce     but now covered with ice    so much for trash pick up today (i guess)      but christmas   and christ is on the way ! allelluia !
"heading for vespers of saint john     then a treat of \cincinnati chili\"" for supper and watching i's a wonderful life this evening     and the celebration of christmas continues"""
prayers for all taking goe's and all teachers heading back      
getting ready to celebrate the feast of the epiphany    the chapel is beautiful and our joy is heightened by the admission of a new associate at the eucharist this evening    god is good !
packing up     then cleaning up
on approach for a board meeting next week !
"we are having a day of prayer for haiti    the horror is overwheming     a \cup of water \"" has serious meaning today    """
"praying for sooo many hurting, frightened, people    lord have mercy !"
just finished a great discussion of <propfemale> of avila's way of perfection     what a wise woman she was!
ripping off wallpaper from the one room we left during the renovations     i had forgotten         
wow     say hi to him for me     he visited here about 2 years ago    
what a beautiful day   day      wow   
off to compline and bed   after a full day 
the snow is falling     beautiful if you don't have to go anywhere  we have someone here in retreat and a fire going for her     a peaceful day   
"just finished cleaaning up from a glorious candlemas procession and eucharist this evening   cope, pot swinging and all !"
"praying for a postulant oblate in retreat today, to be admitted tonight at evening prayer    and looking at lots of snow and thinking of the people driving to join us   "
it has started!
wow wow wow      the base of the cross in the front garden is covered and some of the 4 foot fence is breached    and it's stll a white out     
cell purge   then pancakes      
signed with the cross at baptism   reminded again on ash wednesday      happy lent everyone 
a new day   sun is out     snow is melting    praise god   
pruning roses      uncovered three happy living blackberry bushes     all is well
a quiet sunday   working together on the mosaic    great eucharist this morning     
what a beautiful morning    cleaning up the garden a bit and praying
the feast of saint joseph    protector of carmel      what a glorious eucharist this morning and now a concert tonight     doesn't get much better than this ! happy feast everyone !
holy week    
getting the service ready for friday's clothing of sr  <propfemale> of jesus n ocd
moving right along     first guests start arriving tomorrow     think i'll take a bit of extra silence and solitude this evening    
planting window boxes
tree planting      
in retreat and staining the deck !
"praying for bishop harry   may he rest in peace    and for his family \does anyone have any information about the funeral arrangements????"
the end of a restful   renewing    sunday     
off to st <propfirst> anne's    to preach and pray with those wonderful friends 
community day to study carmelite tradition     
jelly making and more weeding !
praying for our friends in the places impacted by the storm    and those yet to come !
we are headed to a carmelite picnic     a <propmale> to connect with our brothers and sisters    and have a great time !
happy feast of our holy mother <propfemale> to everyone    we
"the great joy of a quiet, crisp fall morning      with heat   the geo is in !"
anyone having trouble with g mail? says unauthorized activity and i can't sign in    ?
