cf1568d10653c154aacb6235631a0328
dsd? yupp thought so!
"winter break, where did you go?  sad "
i need sleep!
thought the dance vision recital was awesome good job everyone!!  smile 
my body hurts from flowin   ha uhhh whut?
is in shock about mr  <propmale> 
what's going on?
"hates doctor appointments  annoyed , going to the pool with <propfemale> now, suckaaaas"
"you don't want to be gathered do you, you want to be eaten  bahahaha"
iz flyy like a samuri  smile 
packing for new york city baby (my life weighs a lot more than 50 pounds   )
"nyc @ 4 surprise 0am, keep it fresh iowa "
joffrey ballet  love 
<propfemale> loves <propfemale>  shes such a hotttttiiieeee!!! (with a naughty body)  love 
"schd: algebra ii, gen chem, college comp, intro to phyc, survey, spanish iii, adv comp, am history  nooooo!"
"packing, performance, saying goodbye to the city  see you soon urby   "
freedom
peanut butter and jelly with a wee dash of vinegar
"\water tastes so artificial\"" hahaha idiots    """
should i go stand in your bathtub just incase it soaks through the depends?
conquering my hunger like a true mongolian     huhot love 
<propfemale>  love 
three days of freedom
doesn't know  how to get there     hahahha
"a bird just flew full speed into my closed window, dropped to the ground, and didn't get up    i call it a tragedy my brother calls in natural selection  =[[ rip dumbass"
blackout
phone decided to never work again   fml
"hates being cold, hates winter, hates iowa "
is syncing her iphone  smile 
is excited to spend the evening with a very special elf   smile 
48 to 0 bahahaha i feel secondhand embarrassment for dem tigers   [but not really]
let's go j-hawks!!
these streets will make you feel brand new 
laser tagging with <propfemale>? i think so 
"my mom just called me a heathen, hahaha yes!"
"most random thing of my life, no it's not true "
"facebook is so boring, why am i always on it?"
   i know you like electro
"i guess if it has to be a snow storm    during spanish, advanced comp, and american history is cool with me "
"call of duty with mikey, love it "
this girl accidently pushed her panic button and then biffed it on the ice hahaha  epicccc 
"\how did this end up in my pants  ?\"" - mikey    hahaa love christmas at the eppink's  smile """
houstonatlantavegas
kidz bop 17   really? just stop already 
"just destroyed her survey final, two mo to go   "
sooo if i eat eight 20 calorie no sugar added popsicles   does that kind of defeat the purpose? hahaha uhh oops 
"should not be awake right now   love  <propfemale>,  love  alivia  smile "
no one likes a liar  
hi haters
women lie men lie
"i have a feeling that if this little <propfemale> chick was real, she wouldn't be very little  "
why didn't anyone tell me it was fat tuesday   i would have celebrated  haha
"if i said ima do it, you can consider it done "
"if your not here, your not spring breakin "
roastin'
helloooo panama city  smile 
"\let me talk to <propmale> and i'll call you right back\""   that's when you know it's over """
yes it's nice out  no i didn't ask to see your cellulite 
your shit is laughable 
"4 10 10-walked to panera, fed birds with a bread bowl, fished with catfood and a rope, attacked a family, visited miss <propfemale>, drove by indian hills and saw lots of cars decided to check it out and ended up watching a male belly dance performance  it's only 10 surprise 0  yesss"
just about ran over mr  <propfirst> on his walk this morning   good thing his purple suit caught my attention  
you? i think you're supa so much i had to persue ya 
"fever of 101 19    no good, this came out of no where "
"school, you can go ahead and end whenever "
i'm hopin' we can make some wishes outta airplanes
"let me tell you bout a girl i know, she like hip hop and rock an roll "
good weekends always lead to horrible mondays  
i think in hell they graph conics 
"forever young, i wanna be  "
ouch
everybody wants to be a kat 
we live on front porches and swing life away 
all i want is what you got 
"had a great weekend, is burnt to a crisp, and got the best puppy in the world "
iba!
hah what time is noodle time ladies?
had to much faith in the goodness of mankind last night  brand new iphone=gone  sad 
"who knows what this moment will bring, but bring on this moment "
final three days in iowa 
dance recital tonight in ames @6  last night in iowa   
abt in nyc
wants to raise a cat in her dorm room to capture all these damn mice  annoyed !!
didn't know i went to robo camp   
brooklyn we go hard 
august 1st
"central park for fireworks and what not, poker tourny tonight  happy birthday <propfemale>!"
5 1 2 hours of pointe say what?
all year long we wait for sun 
mmm looking forward to the shit show tonight  going to jersey shore 
smells like a beach and wants to kill that dirty man 
"10 days of dance, and one last weekend  i think i'll survive this afterall "
"sunday come faster, seriously "
"so many goodbyes in one day  abt 2010 you were a good one, miss you all "
it's a beautiful day to be an iowan  wink 
cf with peyton bazzocco! love 
"i use to be a sweetheart, i use to be alright "
"we the kings   i love <propfirst>, boys like girls next  ragin with nay "
"no sleep, no worries "
"don't worry, i like boys"
restless  
lay your body down 
"wait, labor day is not about celebrating our mother's and all they went through to give us life?!"
sleep is yummy  smile 
"day in, day out "
"we are young, we run free  stay up late, we don't sleep "
wishes urbandale was awake as late as kat 
is about to say forget it and work at el rodeo or some shit for the rest of my life   applying for schools and dance programs is way too frustrating 
"i can get your heart racing, in my skin tight jeans "
yuck fou
could sleep for 50 years and still be tired 
i plan on living off of 5 hour energy for the rest of the week  wish me luck 
"kat women for halloween, ye dig?"
heartsprings
"oops, forgot to sleep "
"saturday, <propfemale> <propfirst> and i will be offical astronauts  "
livin' off dat sunshine! no sleep tonight 
"if you're bored, then you're boring "
in need of a double rainbow
put your game face on
"just found out <propfemale> cosgrove makes $180,000 an episode    i'll run around like a spastic wilda-beast for $150,000 if your looking for budget cuts <propmale> "
"hopefully i don't have any homework   too lazy to check, which means i'd be too lazy to get er done anyway "
gyrotonics
"oaks, then peyton bazzocco   what more could you want?"
"so much to get done, and so little that i want to do "
casa encantada con mis amigas
can't shake this feeling  somebody save me 
"on my life scale of importance, this is below dirt "
so i just jet-glued a portion of my hand to a pointe show ribbon   what does one do in this situation 
woke up to find my dog eating his doggie obidience book  bad baxter!
we live in a beautiful world
"calling all men with musical talents:: <propfemale> <propfirst> and myself will be holding auditions for the position of our boyfriends  still needing a kickass drummer and talented lead singer  see you there, and good luck to you all "
tgfi    thank god for iteds  wink 
is wrong in all the right ways
hp is da man
was unaware until this morning that normal people don't listen to christmas music all year round 
just got carded for a five hour energy   anyone else think this absurd?
tearing up over a hallmark movie   i should just go to bed before i loose all dignity 
"if it's a fashion show, where are the clothes? \\hah  love  the vs angels "
sicknasty
they say what goes up must come down but don't let me fall 
"just saw an infomercial for a 'magic magnet' called sticky balls  i would like to know who the hell is responsible for this products name, and possibly punch them in the face "
everyone should come see the nutcracker at the civic center this weekend  shows are at 2pm and 7pm on saturday and 2pm sunday  i'll see you there and happy holidayzzz  smile 
the end of the beggining   idt you've been good to me 
"i don't wanna grow up, i wanna be a toy r us kid "
you gotta stand for something or you fall for anything 
"great christmas, i never need to eat again "
a good plan for today is better than a perfect plan for tomorrow 
"pretty as a picture, sweeter than a swisha  smile "
is legal!!!! z
"facebook on the birthday always reminds me what awesome friends i have  thank you all for the bday wishes, now everyone go celebrate  wink "
my twelve year old sister just told me that our dog was running amuck    my family is so strange 
likearunnaway
my two best friends are in chicago and new york city   and i'm in des moines ia  what the hell someone rescue me!
i like my beat fast and my base down low 
"it's about that time, chuttle time  km that means you!"
writing scholarship essays is worse than pulling teeth  sad   anybody want to make $20?
weehhh  sad 
7am: you're such a bitch 
"decided regaurdless of what the weatherman tells me, today is infact a snowday  have fun at school suckas  playful "
ain't enough adjectives to do my disposition justice 
"currently watching a show called \who's the father of my child? -my husband or his son edition\"" \",cf156 laugh 10653c154aacb6235631a0328,"i love the life i live, i don't know where it's going but i like it like it is "
there's no possible way to keep everyone in your life happy  someone always gets screwed over 
nostalgia erryday
wonderland was a huge success! love to everyone who was a part of it 
"do it like a brotha\do it like a doood "
the show toddlers and tiarras scares me  as well as slightly reminds me of my childhood 
"an urbandale sherrif car just blew past me  driver was wearing a camo jumpsuit, passenger was a hot 24-ish women    stolen vehicle??"
i really want to like the born this way song and video   but i really don't 
next top model marathon   good bye friday afternoon 
total sleep for the weekend = 6 hours 
"at&t -more bars in more places   compared to what, no bars in no places?"
is finding the creatures that decided to attend the omaha zoo today more interesting than the animals in the actual exhibits 
"whatever you do in your life will be insignificant  but you must do it, because no one else will "
"i'm scared that the giant laundry pile living on my floor is going to come to life and eat me in my sleep   \\help "
quiznos with shanaynay mmm   
"just saw a make-up comercial claiming to make me look \ten years younger guaranteed!\"" i don't typically strive to look eight  """
"first bug bite of the season \<propfemale> vs  insects   \\bring it on ya nasties!"
took a g outta your waffle now all that's left's your ego  hahah
i'm really bad at sleeping  annoyed 
"grab somebody sexy, tell em hey "
"hey, urbandale high school    when the hell is senior skip day??"
even the strongest people live a fragile life 
on my <propfirst> trump shit
stop raining!
"seeing is deceiving dreaming is believing, it's okay not to be okay "
offically certified  wink  cna state testing ya <propmale> 
has always questioned why paper beats rock   how bout i throw a rock at your face and we'll see where your paper gets you 
:[ this day tricked me by starting out beautiful
"super target's power is out  hm, that's not very super of them "
cool prom valley   
"is tonight really my last \school night\""? i swear i was 5 yesterday """
they are making a damn mess of 86th street
the stress of graduation week is more than that of all my high school efforts  make it stop!
roasted at adventureland  
"once, twice, thrice "
mm hot yoga  love 
is facebook creeping on her new macbook pro  surprise  wo 
salt lake city  love 
"attention: everyone should go download skype, sign in, and add katherine_eppink because i miss the 515 and want to see your beautiful faces all summer!!"
misses her morning coffee  
yer'all
bread is the paper of the food industry  you write your sandwich on it 
"bout to get my brazilian bronze on  <propfemale> hustel, let's go burn  smile "
farts festival  wink 
is mint
"truth is, i hate when people post these statuses and my newsfeed in congested with half ass compliments for insecure individuals   "
about to go buy a bunch of shit i don't need! weee   
if i were a lion and you were a tuna i'd swim out into the middle of the ocean and eat you!
i don't like this new chat thing   don't tell me who my friends are fb!
freitag  love 
monday funday  ? proobably not 
either i'm crazy or someone from efy is yodeling outside my window  
kid cudi sounds so sad when he's all aloooooone 
"thank you coffee, i don't think i could do monday mornings without you "
burning my tongue on bigred   it hurts <propfemale> goood 
happy pioneer day! (whatever that entails  )
"12 more days, let the countdown begin!"
literally chugging coffee for life 
"adventures with <propfemale> hustel, i hope we get lost  smile "
"last day in salt lake for a while, nothing but love for ballet west!"
sleep walking through airports   i better not have any feisty babies on my flight 
home! let's party  smile 
"bored, googled myself    creepy "
she's got nothin on but the raadiooo 
"phone, dead \charger, also dead   probs on the side of the road "
typed: 'what is it called  ' google finished my sentence with 'when you eat yourself '
weekend wars  love 
"don't you hate when you drive all the way to the bank and realize you forgot your debit card   oh, and shoes "
"back to utah  i seriously have the best friends in the world, thanks for reminding me why i love home so much  good luck to everyone this fall & lots of love!"
first day of classes calls for 3 surprise 0 nap time 
<propmale> sax  love 
i determine when to do laundry by when i run out of socks    normal?
swimming in baby pee with <propfemale> hustel  the good life 
literally melting in a sauna with <propfemale> and some topless girl  
happy labor day mom! thanks so much for all the hard work you did to bring me into this world  smile  hah
"ballet is a fine <propmale>, you have to be fine to do it  -<propfemale> graue  roommate laaaave  love "
something about humming nutcracker music in eighty degree weather seems wrong   =>>>*
is it the weekend yet?
i love <propfemale> collins
go follow me on twitter @eppkink best decision you'll make all day!  smile 
massive headache just hit me like an angry rhino 
mmm cinnamon iced coffee with soy milk and splenda from the union  not that i'm specific about my beverage order 
does anyone else think it's rude to blast music in a lounge meant for studying?? i would consider forgiving this idiot if her musical taste wasn't so disgustingly awful   
