fb792c0afba9d54b388c4585bb64139a
2010 died in a fire 
winter snow heading norh east is fucking with my plans  baby-mamma's e playful loiting the situation to jerk me around  the weather system here in the rouge is threatening to shut down the infrastructure  my gpa is soon gonna drop faster than the tempreature 
self-destruction is an oversimplification  one should not resort to mutilation unless for fun  i'm feeling multisyllabic  lookie-loo! big words 
hey sephanie! the first word is about pretending to be against those that want to deconsruct social institutions (usualy seperation of church and state issues)  the other is a gall bladder surgical procedure  durh  me gots more internety and yayy! i type gooder too!
people are dying right now! get off your asses and do somthing! you wanna be nestled all cozy-casket in regrets?       o k  got that out of my system 
"for my birthday i got to ride amtrak without catching a cold  i lost my wallet on the train but someone turned it in sans $180  an elderly  woman complemented me for being a dad that actively teaches their child and said i was doing a good job  it felt so good hearing that, that my lower lip gave a little tremble "
"look   look you motherfuckers  or so god help you i'll pull out your fucking fingernails  and stab open your eyelids to your goddamn fucking scalp! hee   hee , thats jut the pills talkijn' don't meen nuthtin buyit "
"golly, now that some of the burdens troubling my life have been lifted,it seems that my writers' block is evaporating "
"hey guys, the ihop on seigen ln  is burning down "
writers' block is breaking up  i may be able to pull off a miracle and pass my eng  comp  class if i can furiously write twenty or so pages of intelligent bullshit  go go gadget literacy!
just got google sky on my mobile  light pollution is foiled 
"my texas wolf snail just died  i am sad  it survived a tough winter, but had stopped eating  i lifted up his shell today and found it full of maggots  happy carnivore, he was well fed "
"<propfirst> <propfirst> dio, <propfirst> colman and <propfirst> hopper  <propfemale> mort de tois "
staying in a hotel in chatanooga tonight  tomorrow i pick <propfirst> up  we'll only be about three hours away from where i grew up   i'll probably cruise by royersford and gilbertsville to show weeshit where his pop came from  i'll take photos and post giggity
"spending the night in valley forge with <propfirst>  yes, valley forge  so many frostbitten toes of the war dead, broken off like ice cickles  their misery was complimented with a mild outbreak of plauge  at least the hotel is nice"
"just got back home from picking up my son  i took a brief detour to show weeshit around the towns  whenever i thaught i had gotten lost, a landmark from a distant childhood memory would appear and put me back on track  i had forgotten how tightly packed everything was  each location was a suprisingly short distance  anyhow, now that i've done it once already, it will be easier to do again "
"to my fb friends up north, i didn't mean to slight anyone  i just didn't know what kind of time schedule i would be confined to  the next time i have to travel to d c  will be august  if i'm driving again like i did this time, i'll reach out and contact  this time, however, was spur of the moment and i had less than day to squeese into my itinerary "
i am sore from driving  i saw iron maiden in <propmale> last night  it was very fun  they played very well  i'll upload pictures later  i hope england beat us in the world cup  my fingers are still clenched in the 10 and 2 positions 
"<propfemale> diller lunchables for your kids: a pickle with a balongna sandwich  underneath is a note saying; \ what do you want kid? fang was too drunk to put gin in your juice cup  i did leash him outside so he could bark at the bus as you made your escape """
appearently my training at the crisis intervention center is also coaching me to be a phone sex worker 
7 lbs  1 oz  18 inches guess what i'm talking about 
"i think i like figgy pudding better than choclate cake  \please sir, may i have more parallax and doomsday? \(heroclix reference) suck my nuts!"
look what you made me do all over myself  i can't eat all this!
i went to <propfirst>'s specialty meats and asked for orphan cutlets  they pretended not to know what i was talking about 
heh he he   texas
"i saw conan the barbarian for the first time in easily over 20 years  afterwards, my tv had grown ball hair   and balls "
one word to describe daquiri cafe after midnight: bargoyles!
rotten com has a wonderful article on north korean health care 
"mousepouch that is the term to descibe \chinese buffet\""\",fb792c0afba9d54b388c4585bb64139a,b <propfirst> longwell will be hosting tonite at daiquiri cafe on <propmale> from       8 8 smile 0 to last call first puke  0pen mic uncensored unfiltered and completely plagerisable! come to read or stop and gawk!
yaaaa! crisis center training is over! it was fun but at times a little grueling  just one more observation and then an observation review then one-on-one coaching with a staff member then schedueling then redy  set  don't die!
"it just occured to me, giving its' vast reality influencing capabilities, the green lantern power ring must produce a shitstorm of dangerous radiation that's lethal with just a few seconds of e playful osure  everyone would be crisped inside out witin 5 <propmale> "
"<embed src annoyed http annoyed  blip tv play hlemgakgwga\"" type annoyed ""application x-shockwave-flash\"" width annoyed ""475\"" height annoyed ""391\"" allowscriptaccess annoyed ""always\"" allowfullscreen annoyed ""true\"">< embed>"""
i just found this and i can't stitch my sides together fast enough!
a strong shot of coffee right when you wake up is like a punch in the tits 
it's also kinda like rebar across the shins!
"i'm at a waffle house in athens tn  the place is half-packed with \wal-marty\"" hillbillies  they are giggling with their bellies and casting glances at me like i'm out of sigfreid's two ring circus  my server is an aging bean-pole with face-tats  fuck me """
visitation thwarted  heading home 
i stopped by lookout mntn  in chatanooga tn  there i rode the inclined railway to the top  it is the steepest passenger train in the world with a grade of 72% acending over 1400 ft  the ride had that slow terror posessed by coney island rollercoasters 
everything is all set for next semester: algerbra  asian <propmale>  computer science  biology & lab  library sciences  life is awsome as fuck  my will is a <propfemale> of warm verses 
"my bestest pick-up line evurrr : wowie, did anyone say you look like <propfemale> wurnos   i really wanna keep talking to you  maybe you can leave my murdered body in a ditch somewhere  no  i don't wanna buy you a drink  you are creepy "
"brcc: your classes will be purged every day until we get our money \me: so every day i'll have to sign up for my classes because i've been purged from the system?\brcc: no sir,we don't purge anymore  we clear out the system at the end of the buisness day"
human simpltons secrete thie wisdom from their nightmare glands 
wingman of the damned  backing up cockblocking champion of the world 
http annoyed  en wikipedia org wiki mary_ward_(scientist)
"sorry i can't come out and play, my schedule is full  i've got disappointment penciled in all this week and stagnation for the weekend  fml"
bored with lsu sports? stick your goddamned hand in a blender! invite your friends and drink recklessly! collide with kop kars on your way to the hospital! pick a fight with a doctor (descreetly hide him in the dumpster)! you can always repent on sunday!   sunday!sunday!sunday! see the amasing dumpster doctor blast-o-ramma!
i'm a ghost pirate trapped in a divin' <propfemale>  nothing to see but the cold dead eyes of a shark 
"i had a wonderful night being vicimized by three lovely vampiresses for a photo shoot  i'm covered in corn syrup and sticky gravel, but i'm grinning like a school boy "
staying the night in glade springs va 
"gosh, boardwalk empire sure is a bawdy programme "
another year without <propfirst> <propmale>  it's good to be alive!
"three more applications put in, still no face time  anyone need an out-of-work bartender?\(i'll do almost anything for cash ) for fucks' sake i miss being pretty!"
i just checkes the football score! 3-10 awsome!!! go loser sewer unitarsity!!! you suck you fucks!!!
"i'm going as cirrosis the clown for halloween (see profile pic for costume)  \what are you guys going as? hallowhint: disappointment is not a costume "
tounge twister contest : tully doth twill two dozen twine strings 'tween twigs binding scarecrows' frightning fingers frozen  fridgid 
my son just told me that; i am a kid and a grown-up so i am a teacher so i don't have money 
"his father was a river boat captain, but by 1870 he was a fertilizer manufacturer "
<propfirst> said this about celabration station: they know what you want  they watch you 
fuck vitter
"\nos laetus epulor qui domito nos\"" latin translation"""
for sale: one itchy  throat with dry cracked lips  four sinus cavities and a box worth  of post-moistened tissues  post reply in the next ten minutes and get free coughing and bouts of fever 
the quickest way to a mans' heart is through his liquor hole 
i've baught lots of crack and paint thinner to take with me to pick up my spawn  i'm riding amtrack  i had to buy a lot of paint thinner!  it's cold and flu season so you know what conditions are going to be like in the cattle cars  i have to take a lot of vitamin c(rack)! i don't want to catch aids again  am i almost out of crack already?
guess what <propfirst> wanted me to read to him tonight at bedtime? a law book  his deadlights where out by the 5th paragraph 
"ahhh! children, completely oblivious to the horrors of life  very sweet  makes my backened sore feel almost like a heart  reminds me of love and creates happy times "
what did my hunny get me? a butterfly knife and a book on intimidating others 
"i fell asleap last night watching \inception\""  i woke up right after the ending and felt terribly uneasy """
"if i should have another son, his name shall be moe <propfirst> longwell"
watching airwolf and kojak with the weeshit 
happy festivus  i am very dissapointed in you all 
i got an espresso machine and a semester in colege  yay crustmas!
"captain beefheart, january 15, 1941 – december 17, 2010  complications from multiple sclerosis  you will be missed "
"beefheart spoke of studying texts on brainwashing at a public library at about this time, and appeared to be applying brainwashing techniques to his bandmembers: sleep deprivation, food deprivation, constant negative reinforcement, and rewarding bandmembers when they attacked each other or competed with each other "
"critically acclaimed as <propfirst> vliet's magnum opus, trout mask replica was released in june 1969  <propfirst> vliet wanted the whole band to \live\"" the trout mask replica album """
i'm killing all of the hippies today  anyone want to join in?
"ohh yeah, cool side of the pillow  ats whutime tawlkinbout "
i make domestic violence sexxy
i like this comment 
"flossing teeth is the best! who else here loves flossing their teeth! heck, just flossing anything is pretty awsome!"
"first day of school! film 202, an aspie is chatting up the hawtest girl in class  his voice is droning like <propmale> stein and she can't get away! schadenfreuden!!"
"today in my finance course, the instructor outlined a financial plan that yeilds a free new car every 5 years for life  she showd us a youtube video that outlines the same plan and it's stupid simple "
many of you may be seaching for an excuse to my actions ths past week  the only reason i can give is: i did it for the lulz 
does anybody know what the syptoms are for iocane poisoning?
why does my friend smell like pepper spray?
my tummy is full with amtrak crabcakes 
"i've started <propfirst> on crack, namely sonic colors; nintendo dsi "
"uh,yeah  couldja keepit down, tryin t'watch mr  belvedere here "
so what did you guys have for breaky-wek 
i fixed my dads' computer  don't know what was wrong with it but apperantly all it needed was lots of soap and hot water 
"feb 21 1916\\start of the battle of verdun, which in nine months yielded 975,000 casualties and almost no change in the front line  it is the bloodiest battle in history, and often the one remarked as having the \highest density of dead per square yard \"""""
"<propfirst> has a fever 101  in the dr s office now  there is a broken toy chest here filled with what has to be the most unsanitary toys in history  this is where airborne aids comes from  <propfirst>, did you know that these toys where played with by dead kids?"
"i'd like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want u to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right!\(a robot asked me to do this)"
"nobody uses the internet anymore, it is so 1997 "
my son has taken up the habit of punching me in tbhe <propmale> and balls for his own amusement 
i've been suckling skunk milk from the devil's teet 
leave it to an alchoholic to ruin the good atmosphere of a bar!
"mar 7 1945\gen  <propfirst> patton urinates in the rhine after the u s  third army takes the bridge at remagen "
the contestants are ready and the suits have been filed! it's time for amnerikas second favorite game show: child custody war!!!  court has been set for the end of march 
math is a child molester and my brain is an unpopular kid with low self-esteem 
hurmm   seems like sombody's got a family of deer ticks living in their rectom 
i don't think i want to live in a world without <propfemale> white 
family court trial date set for july 18th  the witness list is due by may 13th  any body wanna come to court to talk about what a badass awsome dad i am? heck i'll even let you come and talk shit about <propfemale> d'antoni of 101 <propfemale> <propfemale> dr  <propmale> va 20164 
"remember, hippies live in pine trees so every time you kill a pine tree, a hippie in your town goes without a home! click here to donate: http annoyed  wishes causes com wishes 252567?bws=st"
"on this day in 1978 i was birthed in the wilds of appalacian pensylvania to a she-beast whom was half-anaconda and part gnu  i suckled the devil's milk from a crooked teet and terrorized the small puppies of local amish communities  later, after all the local woods had been burned down, i was taken in by a kindly skunkape and we fled to the swamps of louisiana where the hungry dead float and are forgotten "
"hey everybody that's important or means anything on the internet (my fb feinds), thanks loads for the birfday wishes  champangne for my true friends, true pain for my sham friends!"
i am doing so much crystal-math just to get through this semester 
