7b3a2a1578b4cde3d3765774d67f6598
needs to stop being sick 
needs to clean her room before leaving for <propfemale>   
is going to skip her piano lesson  why? because i don't want to go (and haven't practiced)   
is packing (i keep thinking i'm forgetting something   )
"<propfemale> (6 18 - 7 4)  later, losers   playful "
got quarantined in <propfemale> for an hour @ the airport   laugh d
's yellow pig flip-flops broke  buy new ones or tape 'em?
wants to leeeeeeeeeeeeeave  tired of <propfemale> already 
has a moldy brain (and is back from <propfemale>) 
is relishing in air conditioning and internet 
has 5's on both of her ap's  woohoo  what a surprise (notnotnot) 
itches 
going to seattle today apparently (since i'm making this message 1 surprise 0 in the morning) 
doesn't remember how to do math 
"saw <propmale> potter last night   laugh d thinks the ending was a little lame, doesn't get <propmale> ginny, and i thought narcissa was prettier?"
totally excited for cty (a k a  the annual best three weeks of my life) 
"misses cty, got home at 12:15, misses cty, is listening to tvxq, misses cty, only has 17 notifications, misses cty, misses her class (gee!), misses her hallmates, misses everybody, but can now listen to tvxq   "
"is depressed because she's not at cty, doubly depressed because her ipod is still broken and doesn't know how to fix it, and triple-y depressed because all these tvxq breakup rumors are very sad  d:"
"damn it, my camera's such a high resolution that my pictures are kinda gross, the class vid doesn't read, and my computer is fucking slow   "
"is tired of tagging  people, tag yourselves  dd:"
jesus lives!
is not excited for dance intensive tomorrow  requires too much energy and will be cracking chem jokes that nobody understands   
"slept in and is missing the ballet half of dance camp  her excuse is: flight complication got her in really late, 'cause that did happen, but just two days ago  so shhhhhhhh!"
hates pointe shoes 
"is content (pointe shoes didn't really hurt today, took a nap, ate ice cream, had a laugh, someone actually called me back)"
listens to mirotic and does math when she's angry 
went to apple store and found out her ipod is totally dead  so her dad microwaved it and tore it apart  dd:
just ate a lot of pretzels  ugh 
is thinking of tvxq   smile 
"is sad because tvxq might actually break up  court d-day, 21st  dd:"
binged on ice cream today and has a dentist appointment on saturday   
left her pants at her ballet studio 
has 6 cavities  dd: must've been all those hapi colas during study hall 
"ran around her house today in purple leggings, old pointe shoes, and a reeeeally puffy scarf  hahaha  i wish i had better things to do in life "
is listening to tvxq dbsk   smile 
got a 76 80 on the chema post-test  i wonder what i missed   
finally finished watching boy over flowers   
might've just died  scioly state is on the same day as the spring <propfemale> 
eats too much applesauce and is almost done with her whap summer hmwk (yes!) 
cleaned through her cty stuff today and misses people  ):
"is now using her ancient, first mp3 player in lieu of her permanently broken ipod "
got new jeans today (and momentarily entertained the thought of sending them to <propfirst> to see if they fit him too )  laugh 
"googled nerdy pick-up lines today  lol, if i was an enzyme, i'd be helicase, so i could unzip your genes   wink "
is not too excited about sitting in the front row in calc  d:
enjoys listening to tvxq   smile 
watched <propfemale> the e playful lorer in chinese today  hahaha 
is very sorry if she's spamming people with her updates and her frustration with the not-posting marriagebot   
is vaguely irritated  her internet is being quite slow 
needs to find a different profile picture   
is not amused by the homework she should've done earlier   
"is sad  dd: (kpop-related, but not tvxq thankfully)"
asked her sister for help on math homework for the first time ever and she didn't know how to do it (i'm in calc ab and she's in calc bc)   sad 
is vaguely apprehensive 
left her calc homework at school  oh bother 
's best friends only last a year and a half 
   what is the pov of the code of hammurabi?
planned out another parody movie with sister 
"needs a ride from (and preferably to, as well) ballet for the next two weeks  any takers? i would just skip but we're starting rehearsals so   "
thought homecoming was   interesting 
scioly meeting tomorrow during lunch in lemberg's room! wear your shirt!
can't wait for this week to enddddddd 
"is so excited for nutcracker this year: demi-snow, doll with <propfirst>!, and a chinese solo both casts! omg   smile "
just kind of fell over while turning during snow rehearsal today  haha  so much fun 
is debating whether she should post the homecoming pictures of her and <propfemale> or not   
has decided 
"is not excited for her piano lesson today  i kind of want to quit, but then i'd feel bad   "
has finally ordered new pointe shoes  aren't you proud of me?
just got a shoulder-transmitted disease (std) from <propfirst>   smile 
"needs help on asn 30 from heynemann! #27, 31, 41  i have everything else, i just need those three    sad "
got her pointe shoes! but her parents are in hawaii so she can't sew them   
is pleased with her new pointe shoes   smile 
feels shitty nauseous sick however you want to say it 
might be getting her phone taken away because of a certain somebody 
is regretting not doing these bio labs earlier   
shit 
's mom saw (and talked to!) mrs  <propfirst> at the post office  omg 
"is going to be killed by her piano teacher, and then resurrected just so she can be killed again "
can't wait for thanksgiving break to be heeeeeeeere 
is contemplating changing her profile picture   
feels weird not going to ballet for more than one day   
doesn't want to reeeeead 
"hmmm, what to do first, bio or world?"
really likes her new leotard  hehe   smile 
got scratched by her cat again 
"well, that was embarrassing "
can we just talk about how i started a fire in the microwave today?
"waaa, pikachu!"
"well, that wasn't awkward at all   annoyed "
got a haircut   smile 
"finally home from vegas   smile  time to work, work, work!"
"got back from vegas, need to do homework, and got a hello <propfemale> toaster for christmas, ha  happy new years!  smile "
"\it's hideous  i love it \""  smile """
"haha, apples + peanut butter = yum yum   smile "
"world, calc, pottery, chinese, bio, and english in that order  any classes together next semester?  smile "
why has today been such a horrible day?  annoyed 
kind of disappointed with her lack of demi-snow pictures?  annoyed 
lost the good earth  annoyed  anyone seen mine? #84?
"has had a pretty decent monday so far, hope it stays that way?  smile "
"new phone (iphone!), old number  smile  and new computer too?!"
thinks that today just made up for the entire week  smile 
thinks today didn't go as bad as i thought it would  happy chinese new year everybody!  smile 
"thinks mr  heynemann is the funniest person in the world right now, haha  smile "
doesn't understand why this always happens   
wishes her mom would just die and burn in hell forever   
thinks almond poppy cream cake is quite possibly the most beautifully delicious thing i have ever tasted  oh so yum yum  smile 
"enjoys abusing prepositions and commas while writing essays for mr  cook, haha  smile "
"won 1st for ecology, 2nd for environmental chem, and 3rd for cell bio @ scioly regionals! congratulations union c-19!!  smile "
the limit of my love as x approaches you is positive infinity or does not exist  love 
has come to a conclusion 
just compared zac efron's eyes to mr  akers's  laugh  i hope all you die-hard fangirls are properly scandalized haha  smile 
"um, is the latin american pencast not working for anybody else?"
"has officially decided not to do trigstar again, i don't remember trig at all!"
was not raped by the ap calc exam haha  smile 
"studystudy, apworldtest!, then dancedancedance  smile  haha"
back from festival haha  smile  time to kill some grishkos before i try those fuzis
was unsuccessful but will survive haha  smile 
had lots of fun last night  smile  yay chinese club!
"got hit in the head with a baseball (thanks sunjay), has sat 2's tomorrow and hasn't really studied, has ballet performance tomorrow, relay for life right after, a mother who doesn't want to drive in the sun (in case she tans, omg!), and seems to have misplaced her relay shirt   haha"
"regrets taking biology - m, i should've taken ecology!"
is vaguely disappointed but still satisfied with her sat scores 
"'s cat has an illegitimate child! he's so cute, haha  smile "
's 15th birthday has been a good day   smile 
is in so much pain  annoyed  but voldemark's piece is so cool!  laugh  super excited~
's fuzis are sewed and ready to go for monday!  smile 
"got dropped and subsequently kneed in the crotch at dance today  ow, haha "
1st semester schedule: 1) human anatomy - ridgway; 2) ap <propfemale> - beh; 3) ap us history - asher; 4) ap chinese - <propfirst>; 5) ap calc bc - heynemann; 6) ap chem - lemberg   any classes together?  smile 
"had a great day today  smile  the show was far from perfect but it looked (and felt, i guess) pretty sick!"
are we supposed to double-space our ap <propfemale> essay analysis thing?
pretty satisfied with the first day of school  smile 
"just spent an hour going to and from downtown vancouver and didn't get any dancing, creeping, or food out of it  thanks, white lady of rohan "
"is pretty excited for tomorrow: chinese club, ap chem lab, and (finally) dance! oh yeahhh  smile "
"does your mind burn with the fiery passion for science?!! if so, join union science olympiad or resign yourself to a life of scientific obscurity!! (especially <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> pollmann - join scioly!)"
"has had a really great day - 1776 the musical, very little homework, creeped eowyn, took three cookies, and glee with sister! happy mid-autumn festival everybody!  smile "
"is demi-snow (cast a b), maid (b), spanish (a), waltz corps (a), and dewdrop (b)! good day today - got the roles i wanted, eowyn, great preps with brij, and a successful helicopter with <propfirst>!  smile "
needs to plan her homework out two weeks in advance 
seems to have actually sweated? the cat scratches off my nose during eowyn's class today haha    woah 
"dentist appointment, japanese buffet!, and hanging out with chuckles instead of studying   haha productive day off?"
's cat scratches on her foot are still there  sweating in eowyn's class doesn't work! maybe if she didn't cuss at me so much   haha  smile 
almost destroyed my computer just now! (but thankfully did not haha)
spent the weekend in seattle with sister! now to do some homework   
feels really proud of herself  i just wrote the worst essay in the world and i don't care! (but only because it's a rough draft and the teacher never reads those)  laugh 
loves eowyn who brings cookies and <propfemale> who brings cake!  smile 
"had a pretty epic day today: choosing frames for my glasses, taking pictures on <propfemale>'s laptop during rehearsal break, and did a helicopter with brij! yeeeeeah!~  laugh "
loves dancing and the people she dances with!
"'s parents were part of the people's liberation army, hahahahahaa "
"nyquil, night night!  smile "
"turns out, did not lose her calculator "
doesn't know what to do for company individual photos!
is giving thanks!  smile 
are you readyyyy?!
"just keep studying, just keep studying   "
"ah, still studying      "
"success, ha!"
lives in a constant state of _______  (mad libs time!)
"tried having fun with dewdrop like <propfirst> did in hopes of an awesome, recorded run but just ended up zoning out on dead pointe shoes  ha, oh well  nutcracker is over!  smile "
"played mahjong and got a haircut yesterday, ate dim sum for lunch, is excited for open jazz at bodyvox later, and just realized that mastication is an awkward word that sounds like something else haha  smile "
in vegas and super sore from crazy but awesome jazz class yesterday at bodyvox! <propfemale> christmas everybody!  smile 
"hahaha, hot topic selling unauthorized korean pop albums?!? really bad ones too  i mean seriously, step it up! <propfemale> pirates stuff better!"
my phone mysteriously stopped working?!??
who inspires me?
"feels the pain of probation, hahahahaha "
"sat(so long!), company sweats(haha yes we do), and swan lake(little swans laugh eath)!"
why does writing make my shoulder hurt?! t t oh probation   
"is about two and a half hours behind on homework, haha  grrrrrreat "
finals: in the bag!
(little swans)^5 + <propfemale> = draught of living death  add ice and serve cold 
????? smile 
got free stuff and made it past lunch! i call it a success hahaha  smile 
good news today!
icing  but in an accomplished way haha 
and finally   freedom! one more time   
adjudication?! in the bag!
got kneed in the crotch again  thanks chuckles  but at least it went well!  smile 
feels unloved sometimes but recognizes that this is merely a feeling and not necessarily a reality 
"ready, set, gooooooo~"
science olympiad  not bad? hahahahaha
tree hunting! it's that time of the year again   
seems to have started a skype tutoring service hahahahaha 
envirothon! yeeeeeeeah~
"\it's not gross  it's love\"" haha """
"blargh, just a card game!    "
no more little swans!!!
"just spent the last 30 minutes watching youtube fouettes and well, nobody is really impressive anymore after watching <propfemale> murphy haha "
just took an ap chinese practice exam t t whyyy did i have to drop out of chinese school   
"loves science olympiad! yes, we are the best (well, third)!"
"frozen yogurt, gangster chickens, hanging out with my dance family, and seeing eowyn made not going to prom totally worth it "
didn't think chinese was actually that bad until i starting speaking   
freedom!!!
just saw eowyn the white lady of rohan on tv!!
yay! no more vegas! 3rd at state envirothon!  laugh 
don't text me! apparently i don't have unlimited   
"scioly dinner, the old spaghetti factory @ 7 tomorrow, wednesday, june 1st! both teams are invited, remind everybody to come!"
used my post-sat freedom to watch eowyn's show! yay! baked goods!!
went to eowyn's class today and got a baked good!!!
saw yicheng sun @ yale!! crazy small world haha
4 in ap chinese broke my 5 streak  still pretty satisfied hahaha 
"16!  smile  finally, haha "
just spent 140 minutes on skype with <propfemale> and sister!  laugh 
feels used  sister (<propfemale> zhou) only skypes me so i can do her math homework  sad 
kinda really wants ice cream right now 
"bad weather, good bubble tea, great company  thanks juhee <propfemale>, kalina p  slavkova, <propfirst> xiaohan chen for paying, and especially <propfirst> <propmale> wang for the umbrella!!"
why am i awake right now    it's 4 in the morning > > not even studying   
"according to <propfirst> guan, i look like the real-life version of a pokemon gym leader  when he sees me, he thinks pokemon master, lol  thanks, best compliment ever!  laugh "
"kinda easy final, hot pot buffet for lunch   don't get jealous yet, this day keeps getting better and better  wink "
home feels so weird  i was only gone for like 2 months    t t
"my dad bought me a new laptop!, my mom bought me    hello <propfemale> q-tips??"
"1-ap us gov, 2-mv calc, 3-ap physics, 4-ap econ, 5-ap stats, 6-ap lit(carlson), classes anybody?  smile "
"company beach trip!!! lots of traffic, but lots of fun!  smile "
"<propfemale>'s last dancer is a really good movie!! “???????????\"",2011-08-22 07 surprise 6:46""",7b3a2a1578b4cde3d3765774d67f6598,"it was not fear, but unbridled glee! keke"
scioly meeting during lunch tomorrow in rm 231! bring your friends!  smile 
scioly starts tomorrow after school in rm 231! don't forget!!
"sorry guys, no scioly tomorrow! spread the word!"
think i lost my science bowl water bottle  sad 
"it's wrong and it's weird in full chemical gear, time to welcome to the suck because i'm sold (but it's just not the same without everybody)"
