e1abfdf0761ea4a096ae4c9d6373d2c3
i wonder what i am
and we all got sick on a strip club meal   
its real   
krautrock!  smile  amon dull ii listening now!
just cuz u feel it doesnt mean its there
i need a fix cuz im goin down  back to the bits that i left uptown  i need a fix cuz im goin down
"you are young and life is long and there is time to kill today and then one day you find ten years have got behind you no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun"
black swan in the rain
mephistophiles got a shadow under me and i can seem to find that i'm alive anymore 
waaaalk into the jaws of hell
now im weaker than the palest blue
"if we are one, then we are refugees   we are the prisoners of our own design"
"after years of waiting, nothing came "
bring me a brain!
dig a hole and get lost in it- you cannot escape the fire
about to give up
how can i be free???? how can i get help???? am i really me???? or am i someone else??????
"i wish i was like you, easily amused"
from childhood's hour i have not been     as others were — i have not seen     as others saw — i could not bring     my passions from a common spring —
"if the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is, infinite  for man has closed himself up, till he sees all things through narrow chinks of his cavern"
woke up 5 pounds more tall heavy today   sad 
was born with alcohol in his blood surrogate
"i'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round, i really love to watch them roll  no longer riding on the <propfemale> go round, i just had to let it go"
 smile 
u ppl r idiots
somebody somebody somebody
sending out an sos sending out an sos sending out an sos
somebody <propfemale> with me tonite  even if u dont know me idc!!!!
i'm on some kind of different level
i wanna grow up to be a debaser
"and if you count the stars, youll know how many have gone out"
i'll dig a hole through this hollow earth
staring at the shadows at the end of my bed
only a real man can be a lover  if he had hands to lend us all over  we celebrate our sense of each other  we have a lot to give one another
"for a minute there, i lost myself, i lost myself"
i'll come back as fire and burn all the liars
no need to fear me
is starting a novel  smile 
where does this pain come from?
"the deeper you go, the higher you fly, the higher you fly, the deeper you go, so come on!"
driving that train high on cocaine  smile 
"we're damaged people, depraved souls praying for something that doesnt come from somewhere deep inside us"
"mother you had me, but i never had you  i wanted you, you didnt want me   father you left me, but i never left you  i needed you, you didnt need me "
"i pull my <propfemale>, stroke my hair, scratch my nose, hug my knees try drink, food, cigarette, tension will not ease i tap my fingers, fold my arms, breathe in deep, cross my legs shrug my shoulders, stretch my back - but nothing seems  to please-i need contact"
i'm still to young to get the rocket launcher
is actually <propmale>
the heart is a lonely <propmale>
protects the camel
i need poison
what a boring species
uca pugnax should go extinct
o <propfirst>!
why?
need ur <propfirst> yall
deleting my account
i float down the lithe
owl city!
who wants to bear my child?
it is now the witching hour!
sharp-distance- how can the wind with its arms all around me??
hi!
jesus takes your money!
"we knocked on the doors of hell's darker chambers, pushed to the rim,we dragged ourselves in    "
jai guru deva anyone?
"according to the man who showed his outstretched arm to space, he turned around and pointed revealing all the human race, i shook my head and smiled a whisper, knowing all about the place "
"braintwins, anyone?"
so i guess no one likes braintwins    
i hate all of you
i hate all of you more
"behind his eyes he says, 'i still exist '"
healthy as can be! after i get fixed like a cat    dude 
comment on my wall?
saphos m'es oikon sos logos stellei palin
the gloaming is cruel
i miss my daddy
i'm <propfirst> capone!
anybody love? me?
<propmale> leverso has a secret love child
"nicotene, i hate you "
what's in my mind?
"five years have past; five summers, with the length      of five long winters! and again i hear      these waters, rolling from their mountain-springs      with a soft inland murmur --once again      do i behold these steep and lofty cliffs,      that on a wild secluded scene impress      thoughts of more deep seclusion; and connect      the landscape with the quiet of the sky "
let's have a vote: who here hates <propfirst> truax?
sooo           i luff!
 smile 
is addicted to cyanide 
let's destroy this country already
give me 5 reasons   
"i'm just living to get high and by your side, but i'm just about a moonlight mile down the road "
the mind is a terioble thing to wast
i am a wicked child  wink 
"come on skinny love, just last the year"
i am a wasp
yay! i grew six minutes longer today!!
"something went wrong along the way, and everybody's waiting for judgement day, so they can go \told you so\"""""
everyone call this number: 7277987913  its fun!
everyone is so boring
"look on the bright side, suicide\lost eyesight, i'm on your side\angel left wing, right wing, broken wing\lack of iron and or sleeping"
i lie in the soil and fertilize mushrooms
is anyone original anymore?
(she's so heavy)
everyone's got wabs!
you should die
o thou bitches
behhh  
does the silver <propmale> end?
take <propfemale> mars?
ahh  <propfemale> live 1978  good stuff 
can you see the eye that watches us all?
wonderful night  dr  terror and i made stank burgers whilst nipples spanked the algae off 3 times fastly 
i hate <propmale> cherres
<propfirst> <propfemale>!
"so, i'm joining the hitler youth!"
wabbypoo was very wabbish today
"so if two very unmraa parents make two very mraakids, would these two very mraakids have unmraakids? someone help me out   "
i think i'm going kkrazy!!
status update
i am you and what i see is me 
hey! listen!
i want to be popular and funny and adored by all  i want to be beautiful and <propmale> and wear shiny watches  i want to be on commercials and sell dishsoap or battle genocides and famines in africa and pocket the profits 
is it pragmatism or bipolar disorder?
so my ears smell like band-aids  
"i scream at the little red bugs outside my house  i hate them, they hate me  i am infinity "
"i'm telling you people, i scream at these red bugs  once a bug, always a bug  that's what i say  all these bugs     all these damn bugs    "
why don't i belong?
half of what i say is meaningless
baj?
"as i cuddled the porcupine, he said i had none to blame but me "
can't wait to die!  smile  im me  love 
you're all diseased 
"dear, dear, were they really sad for me? dear, dear, will they really laugh at me?"
i hate retro pop
momonsters released!
get slit!
"this is the last time that i pray to the sky, because just about everything i've ever been told was a lie "
this puppet democracy brainwashed your psychology 
eckman's! deeya!
mraafish need mraafood 
you're too simple
"heart and soul, one will burn"
prying open my third eye prying open my third eye prying open my third eye prying open my third eye
toot!
i could've shown you there are heavens everywhere
that's like hypnotizing chickens    well i am just a modern guy
"writing a sighfy book  please, everyone, i need feedback!"
oh kk!!
sports on tv!
who thinks this civilization is going to hell?
"they bombed innocent people, trying to murder saddam after they gave them chemical weapons to go to war with iran"
hey <propfemale>! what ever happened to the kurds in iraq? because i've heard that they were exterminated by the thousands by a government you supported  thanks for the freedom!
i just missed the perfect day to burn my flag   sad 
yes yes yes!
lucky to be alive in a such a beautiful world 
<propfemale> barrera!
posted new drawings   if anyone cares   
"everyday, in everyway, it's getting better and better"
my neffles done confagulated!
"undinal songs urge the sailors on, til lured by the siren's cry"
i am the wizard!
"hold on people, those red bugs are back  i can't stand them  they'll take my left ears and who knows why? i shall immediately try to destroy them for god and country "
finally starting to feel like myself again
pig?
most annoying kid since middle school?
guess i'm a good guy   this dude keeps saying it
so i'm writing a short lil story about a vampyre kid  gonna post it on fb later
so if i write a nice lil short story (not about vampyres) who would like to read it?
poke me!
soldiers are not heroes 
nationalism+propaganda=hatred
thinking is good 
i am god
"if there's a middle east, where's the middle west?"
damn <propfemale> giving me a sunburn 
"watch me dance, i'm a puppet  you can almost see the strings"
everyone wants me dead!
is <propmale> canty dead?
i wish pigs could fly 
i'm not what you people think 
if you can meet one person in history who would it be?
"he walked into a valley, all alone  there he talked with water, and then with the vine "
we've been betrayed by generations of criminals and their apologists 
"to me, every hour of the day and night is an unspeakably perfect miracle "
dissecting humanity with a pitiful eye 
this is the worst pain of all
bop kabbala!
where's the logic in being around people that you have nothing in common with? that's like listening to bad music just to make you wish you were dead 
here i wander where sweet <propfemale> and strange herbs grow
i am now a girl
there is no escape except to go forward 
let's burn an orphanage!
i'm tired of this all  i need a new face 
growing up to be the person i'm not 
"sometimes at evening there's a face\that sees us from the deeps of a mirror \<propmale> must be that sort of mirror,\disclosing to each of us his face "
let's steal old people from retirement homes and sell them to the cuban government!
"drip drip to a dream dragon, hide your wings in a ghost tower!"
cloudbusting
"i didn't mean to hurt you, i didn't mean to make you cry, i didn't mean to hurt you, i'm just a jealous guy "
"who am i?\nobody knows but me\who am i?\nobody else can see"
warm my mind near your gentle stove
needs a good hedonistic escape
i think somebody is too concerned with being mr  popular 
key in life: never be remembered when you're gone 
"wow, i'm good lookin'!"
\be thine own palace," or the world's thy jail \"" \"e1abfdf0761ea4a096ae4c9d6373d2c3,enopac luap nailuj
"illuminati want my mind, soul, and my body"
"this shit is run by fake christians, fake politicians\look at they mansions, then look at the conditions you live in"
gotta job!
takes a second to say goodbye
"you're just a human, a victim of the insane "
woman is the nigger of the world
"what a masterpiece, the past repeats, it's never gone,\in daddy's footsteps <propmale> re-enacts desert storm"
everyone is so fuckin dumb  including you 
providing for the pig master!
the earth is not a cold dead place
so     it is now officially <propmale> canty day!
<propmale> canty day anyone? lets burn some qur'ans?
"many men call us mutants, but no!"
"she carries me through days of apathy\she washes over me\she saved my life in a manner of speaking\when she gave me back the power to believe"
obama is not black
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ppxcyyw5rtm
<propfemale> <propmale>!
maybe i'll make some music
i have a big bun
just shaved that stupid thing off of my face
<propmale> rock girls!
"a waterfall, his madrigal"
"even if its just one hour, i wilt just like a fading flower "
getting fat on your lucky <propfemale>
"indians scattered on <propfemale>'s highway bleeding \ghosts \                      crowd the young child's fragile eggshell mind "
toma toma toma
isn't it a little backwards when parents distance themselves from their loving kids??
"momma don't go, daddy come home"
9 weeks
"in search of you, i feel my way through the slowest heaving night"
stop life now
deleting most of you soon
"hermit days, here i come "
how many times can you sing the same song?
sick of fake people  which is a good majority 
it must be mindless sycophant <propfirst> lennon day    celebrate your own life 
look at what i am
nightmares
"ours the story shall we <propfemale> on\and search the <propmale> of the sun\we dream as we dream, dream as one"
dare to be misanthropic
"biologist\e  o  <propmale> estimated in 2002 that if current rates of human\destruction of the biosphere continue, one-half of all species of life\on earth will be extinct in 100 years  more significantly the rate of\species extinctions at present is estimated at 100 to 1000 times\\background\"" or average extinction rates    in the evolutionary time scale of planet earth """
be my friends!!!!!!!!
caramel apples!!!  love 
<propmale> the wizard friggs it up
"it is often forgotten that (dictionaries) are artificial repositories, put together well after the languages they define  the roots of language are irrational and of a magical nature \ -<propmale> <propfirst> borges"""
"nothing like sittin' on the toilet, reading euripides  ahhh!"
drive my dead thoughts over the universe  like wither'd leaves to quicken a new birth!
you are an automaton because you are afraid 
"opening a business  cash for cats - \we turn them to meat\"""""
i found a dollar in a graveyard
"happy birthday, <propfirst>  thanks so much for that great music"
you only start fights because you are afraid 
i don't e playful ect to be the best  i'm just e playful ressing how i feel through the <propmale> of my music - <propfirst> arlanzo <propmale>
talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish 
the majority of my friends still need to learn that two lefts don't make a right 
hamster eggs only 4 99 today at zipper's  come and join us!
the white <propfemale> walks and the night grows pale
"tomorrow comes,\tomorrow brings,\tomorrow brings love in the shape of things\that's what love is"
"excessive flash points beyond all reach,\solitary demands for all i'd like to keep\lets take a ride out, so what we can find\a valueless collection of hopes and past desires"
"<propfirst> <propfemale> gaddis did not create \nok\"""""
"funky!\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=sitgucqcmbk"
"the end of a long friendship is never easy,\but this one will be "
4 more weeks!
i am the best
i'm deleting everyone that doesn't show up for the concert next thursday! come or be afraid!
gonna start a lubber farm!
too many people have too many friends
"<propfemale> i used to be a communist when i was a kid and i'm not sorry  \i smoke marijuana every <propmale> i get  \i sit in my house for days on end and stare at the roses in the closet  \when i go to chinatown i get drunk and never get laid "
throw me in a slave labor camp
i'm growing my eyes out this winter
save it for the mud
hitler's dog has no nose 
we see through you all
anything to do tonight?
gonna be a show tonight!!
"ah, so this is why <propfirst> gogh shot himself"
nothing is worth anything in a world based in capital
so noooooope  not hanging out anymore 
2 more weeks!
i'm so thankful for my heart murmur and my country's free health care!
i'm a pisces fish and the river runs through my soul
tomorrow!
today!
"i lingered round them, under that benign sky; watched the moths fluttering among the <propmale>, and hare-bells; listened to the soft wind breathing through the grass; and wondered how anyone could ever imagine unquiet slumbers, for the sleepers in that quiet earth "
lookin forward to my e playful anded state of consciousness tonight!
"the farther one travels, the less one knows"
me
i can feel my dopamine
i'm the cutest
"we're all just dewlappers, looking for a home"
here comes the supernatural anaesthetist
goodbye facebook!!!!
there is no sovereign music for our <propfemale>
let's grow up
i love my freinds!
who in the right mind would destroy such a beast?
??? ????? ???????
life is the perpetual surprise that i exist
