cfb4dba6ad4f6c07ea79526cbd531454
pissed off and can't do anything about it
so pissed off that i still haven't figured out what i should do 
"sad to see friends leave to iraq, but see you guys in a few months "
"oh my god, i just got back from the er and got 5 stitches in my thumb, hurts like hell, i am the biggest kluts i know    lol"
"i hate the army, and i want to get out soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i agree!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!( from <propfirst> trymeandc berry): aiight if u are reading then then obviously i dont wanna shoot you but please keep your personal shit off facebook  when some jacksass shows up at ur house knowing all about you and ties you up remember the dumb shit you were puttin on fb  this is a public domain
mafia wars is acting real stupid right now
"how is it that all the good action movies come out in the middle of the night?, im tired but i want to watch them, i know, i will record them and watch them later!!!"
my baby's 1st birthday is on tuesday!!!!!!  yay!!!!!!!!!!!
my baby and i took pics today!!!
"it's bogus that so many people in the united states are suffering job losses and has no medical care, but the <propmale> getting <propmale>er and poor getting poorer   so why is united states giving money away?????  (bogus!!!!!)"
a true friend doesn't care if you're broke  as a joke~ your house is a mess~ you are drunk as a skunk~ or your  familly is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are~~ a true  friend can go for long periods of time without speaking and never  question their friendship~~repost if you are lucky enough to have at  least one     true friend!!
"i have been working on reimaging computers  for about 3 to 4 weeks so i know what needs to be on these computers,  why is a ssg asking a sfc what to do when she doesnt work on the  computers and i am sitting right there?"
"i have had and is still having a real bad day, its my birthday and 7 people gave me birthday wishes, and other stuff that had happened made my day worse   for the people that remembered thanks it made a 105% crapy day a 99% crapy day "
"i tried to change it but i can't, i will be going to korea once again in october, i am going to miss my baby"
happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"p s  bacon sounds so good right now!!!!, diets sssssuuuuuucccccckkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i love my baby!!!, she knows just what to do to make me smile when i am sad"
"before you were conceived i  wanted you  before \you were born i loved you  before you were an hour  old i would die for \you  this is the miracle of life  put this on your  status if you have \child(ren) you love more than life itself!"
"i really hate it when you have people that are your so called friends know for a fact you have nothing going on and then have a party, or whatever, don't invite you cuz they want time for them selves but yet invite every one else that they know"
i really hate how my life is going
staff duty 2 day with my baby
"who\ think they know me best?       what's my full name? birthday? favorite \color? favorite clothin line? favorite shoe? where i'm from \oringinally?         i'll tell you how much you got right but wont tell \you which ones    6 out of 6 is best    (put this as your status and see\ which friends really know you)"
"thanks again <propfemale> for watching ahmee, you are awesome!!"
"to all the moms who traded their eyeliners for dark circles, salon \haircuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for \early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldnt change a \thing     let's see how many moms repost this  this is for those \moms          who dont care about what they gave up; instead love what \they get in return  repost this if your a mom and love your kids "
my baby went pee pee in her potty!!!!!!!!!!!!  yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"it\ is military tradition that true friends can go long periods of time \without speaking and never question their friendship  these friends \pickup just like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has \been or how far apart they live  repost this if you are lucky enough to \have at least one military friend   shipmate like this "
why is it so difficult for my router and modem to work when i want it to?
true blood time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so much to do and don't want to do it     lol
"wide awake, bored and don't know what 2 do"
love my new house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so what should i say to my neighbors when i can smell weed in the inside and outside of my apartment?
"(hands in the air snapping fingers) hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate!!!!"
"please\ copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been \affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a \punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure\ for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the \face, but we can raise awareness!\\i know a few that need this!!!\(this is from my homie, <propfemale>, you are the best!!!!)"
i am spending time with my family and i am loving it
"monday is the day i will be leaving to go to korea      (booooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!), dropped off my baby the other day ago and miss her like crazy "
in seattle now and have to wait till 3 in the morning to get a flight out to korea
"sitting here at the airport waiting to get on, bored as i don't know what and wish <propfemale> would of helped me out and got stationed somewhere else in gordon(if you want to know who <propfemale> is let me know)"
stopped at japan waiting till it is fueled up and cleaned then off to korea i go      booooooooooooooooooooo
"in korea now, just waiting to in process"
"omg in korea and started the in processing, it takes 4 days then i get told where i go for my unit, this is bogus so ready just 2 get this tour over with already!!!!!!"
"i am 14 hours ahead of the east coast, and so ready to get this year over with"
"so here i am in korea, and was told everyone that is in processing can not go off post, but yet we are here during the whole four day   also we have to be part of a parade that is going to be on post   man can they hurry so i can get to my unit and start this count down to come back home?"
"i'm very upset, just saw my baby, and she didn't want to look at me or say hi to me, my heart is crushed, i want to go home sooooo bad with my baby"
"so i am back here in korea once again, same post and same battalion but different company, (hhd this time), and since korea is soooooooooooooooooo full of people i am staying @ camp <propfirst> for right now"
"it is almost midnight and i am wide awake along with i have to get up early tomorrow for pt, this sucks"
"bored, bored, bored!!!!!!"
"this is for all the fathers out there that isn't at home with their family, that is working hard over seas to make it better for their family's futures   thank you <propmale> for doing all you have for ahmee and me   i really do appreciate every thing you have done for all of us!!!"
"i think the best nco is ssg k  gunns, and i really miss working for her!!!!!!"
"if you have a family member overseas working to make your family better, tell them thank you and that you love them!!!!, thank you and i love you <propmale>!!!!  you might think they know how you feel, i bet it will give them a warm and fuzzy"
"i love <propfemale> perry's new album!!!!!, every song!!!"
i miss my family so much!!!!!
"a\ child says to his mom\mommy i colored your sheets with lipstick\"" with \",cfb4dba6ad4f6c07ea79526cbd531454,"important annoyed  the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite cartoon \character thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles, because \if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them, it was \currently on the program internet frauds and will apparently be on tv \sometime tonight, put this as your status to warn people and change your\ profile pictures back, thank you"
its snowing
it stopped snowing
"just finished watching, eat pray love, i liked it alot!!!"
i think i am gong to cut my hair this weekend
i hate it when i tell someone something and they don't listen to me
"i was at the <propfirst> cheerleaders thing today, it was better then i thought   it was the music that made me like it "
"marry christmas to every one, even the people that can't be home for the holidays!!!!!!"
"so i have staff duty on christmas and its boring, don't mind too much having it but rather be home with my family, that is a great thought "
"still sitting on staff duty, the nco who is suppose to relieve me isn't here yet and more then likely doesn't know he she has duty"
"so i am finally off staff duty, after being on it for an extra 2 and a half hours longer   what a bummer"
so it is snowing and it is actually sticking
"0830 work call no pt for the folks in hhd, 36th sig bn"
"had a stressful and very busy day today, just want to relax and just let it go"
happy new years!!!!  hope it is a good year to come for every one!!!
"yay!!!, new years has hit korea"
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb and my space! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info,invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don't accept it ;it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her, you get the virus too! please       copy and paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes  please pass it on"
"ever time i get back from the gym i am drenched in sweat but yet i feel like i'm not losing any weight    sigh, well at least that is one motivation to keep going to the gym "
"to all my friends on facebook, i am single now, very upset right now"
"today was alright, <propmale> out with 2 amazing girls today, but still feel a little sad, depressed, upset, angry and mostly numb    how do you make the crying stop?"
staff duty!!!!!!!!!!  yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sssssoooooooo bored at staff duty
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
"i have staff duty once again, bbbbooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"how many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a task for you! i'm requesting all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same to you"
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends wil be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour "
"so ready to take my leave already, but i have to wait till april   boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo"
you make me so mad right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate you so much right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"so if you hate me so much, why do you talk to me?"
"i cut my hair, pictures to come soon!!!"
can i have one more day for the weekend please???!!!!
so so so so bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good night face book
if people don't like who you are then find someone that does!!!!
"i'm not super superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy,    will be without money  i cannot let that person be me! (just sent to me by friend and i sure don't want it to be me!)"
"it is my baby's birthday today, and i miss her so much   happy 2nd birthday baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is thinking has anyone just wanted to sit around and do nothing but cant cuz you have to work?
likes p!nk - raise your glass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"staff duty sucks, no matter when you have it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
have you been or are you being unfaithful??????????
this was the longest week for me and so happy its over 
happy juice you taste so good!!!!
i want to sing karaoke!!!!!!!!!!!!
i miss my baby and family!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i need some motivation!!!
