a71c8f45fed5a5a809228dc18689d369
is currently playing uncharted 2: among thieves  just killed 5 people in a row in deathmatch with the pistol  headshot
"fuck cross-fit, if you will folks!"
is not at school today   smile 
got some microsoft points and doesn't know what to buy with them   sad 
"i've been so busy lately, i can't even go out clubbin' anymore "
thank you everyone!  smile 
i've been getting friend requests from 30 year old women    i'm scared!
had a blast at the fbla middle school mixer event  laugh 
feels like doin' some trolling
the shitstorm    it's coming 
will go and troll in the name of sithis 
is currently doing his rounds in cyberspace trolling 
loves playing his shitbox 360
is currently playing borderlands for shitbox 360 
dew whutt!?
"the first five commandments of <propmale>ism annoyed 1  i am the lord thy <propmale>, thou shalt not giveth a shit \2  thou shalt put no strange construction workers before me \3  thou shalt do no dirt work, or own a dozer \4  thou shalt liveth to tell about it after the new year if thy faith in <propmale> is strong \5  honor the worms of thy mama's pusshy "
"the last five commandments of <propmale>ism annoyed 6  thou shalt not break the goddamn neck of only other <propmale> believers \7  thou shalt not be thinking of it while in the closet masturbatin' \8  thou shalt not drink   you don't need too    you're too damned old \9  thou shalt pick just about every third day to call thy neighbour and tell him fugg kew \10  thou shalt not covet the goods of the son of a bitch next door "
now i shall sleeeeep    until my new adventure starts at 8 a m  tomorrow!
the poke war of june 5th 2010 has begun  bitches beware!
the poke war of june 5th 2010 has crashed my computer!
"the poke war of june 5th 2010 has ended, casualties will be counted  meanwhile i will return to my real life, by goin' out clubbin' tonight "
"is now in his element, trolling through the various sites in cyberspace "
the poke war of june 7th 2010 has begun   
poke wars is heating up! luckily i have machine gun poking powers!
"the poke war of june 7th 2010 has ended  i win, even after being double teamed  they know who they are    i will have my revenge! muahahaha!!"
another poke war will start soon  if you wish to be destroyed by the poke master then poke for your life! or commit poke suicide like <propmale>   laugh 
is now going to start doing his english project! noooo!!
just got done my english powerpoint! i'm ready for my presentation on thursday! (if i get picked of course )
fbla banquet at 6 smile 0  i will be there!  laugh 
"the fbla banquet was very nice! excellent food, got some awards, and there was some flying food   laugh  it's all good!"
it's halo 3 night!
golfing tomorrow morning with my gf!
is working today     indecision 
3 days of school this week    then 4 day weekend!  laugh 
1 day down 2 more to go!
"finals blocks 3 & 4 tomorrow, then 4 day weekend!"
"be at school at 11 smile 0 tomorrow for finals, can't wait to get this over and done with   smile "
time to take these finals!
finals are over!! let the 4 day weekend begin!!
feels like watching a <propfirst> nicholson movie   laugh 
it's pizza night folks!
"life's a piece of shit\when you look at it\life's a laugh and death's a joke, it's true \you'll see it's all a show\keep 'em laughing as you go\just remember that the last laugh is on you "
"work today 11-7, then bowling!"
"good day today, work went well and bowling was fun!"
"last day of <propmale> year tomorrow  i can't believe it, time sure flies fast "
"just got home from work  i gotta say, i am really starting to like my job   laugh "
is wondering what he should do on this glorious wednesday 
"can't wait till tomorrow, just <propfemale> and i going to the (shitty) jersey shore  leaving at 6am and won't be back till 8pm  really can't wait for the best part   miniature golfing!! and arcades and funnel cake  (of course )"
the beach was fun   until the rain and wind came  then an hour later it was fun again!
is going to be playing his shitbox 360 for awhile 
"is going to listen to the music on his mp3 player and dance the whole night away! \p s  to self: be ready for work tomorrow morning "
"went to the lehigh valley mall today with my mom, good thing there was a game stop for me to <propfemale> out at while she did her dreadful shopping "
going to school tomorrow to meet with mr  wood for senior projects  gonna give him exxxxxxxxxxzzzzzzzzzzzzzzamples of what i'm doin' mmmkay 
is eating a bag of goldfish 
superpoke!!
happy july!!
just got done chapter 1 of my ap economics summer assignment!
dew whut!?
help!! iphone update is taking forever!! i need to get back to playing my games now!!!!
"pizza this afternoon, then selling drugs, i mean work from 4-10, then finally   sleep "
"another successful day selling drugs, cigarettes, condoms, pictures, and buy 1 get 1 free <propfemale> bars "
"has to go back to work today  on the bright side, he will feast at sonic afterwards "
i love gamefly 
happy 4th of july!!
what if this is as good as it gets?
i'm back on facebook! just came back from an excellent and exciting week at pfew in williamsport!
xbox time!
mad men is one of the best shows ever!!
5 weeks till school starts!?!? dew whutt!?
i have to go to school tomorrow morning   sad 
coffee then smallville marathon this morning 
back to selling drugs at cvs tonight  3-10
work again today   sad  3-10
"family guy volume 2 marathon on dvd, then cheesesteak for lunch     mmmm "
shitbox game night!
the panic button has been pressed   
just got back from presenting my senior project to seven judges!
happy back to school! hope to see many friendly faces tomorrow!!  laugh 
work  sad 
work 2-10 tonight
yesh
is there a cure for senioritis?
my halloween costume still hasn't arrived yet!! damn it! i hope i get by saturday so i can wear it to work at cvs!  laugh 
work 4-10
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays!!  laugh 
got accepted to western new england college   smile 
got the windows phone 7!  laugh  i love it!
just got accepted to penn state!
back at home after the car breaking down     indecision 
snow day!
snow day!!
dentist appointment today and this time i'm choosing bubble gum!!  laugh 
wholly cheeze!!
just sealed the deal with penn state!!  laugh 
selling drugs at my favorite place of employment   laugh 
watch out for those vatican assassins!
"i just found zuma blitz on facebook  forget wow, now i'm in heaven  thank you again popcap "
is going to go troll on omegle 
"break out the root beer and the jean-claude <propfirst> damme movies, it's time for a thursday night party!!"
"they need to freshen up the <propfemale> <propfirst> series  how about this, she solves mysteries while in a robotic mech suit outfitted with flamethrowers and rocket launchers! she could call the hardy boys \bitches\"" as she stomps on them  i'll have to write this idea down   """
"you know what game they should make? a dig dug first person shooter    that would be extremely violent, inappropriate, and very classy all at the same time  i would really buy that   "
"just watched g i joe: the rise of cobra  what a disappointing movie, all bad action sequences and no story  they should have placed a 15 minute fight scene between a woman that strongly looks like <propfemale> fox and the baroness mud-wrestling  then finally, we would be blessed with a great action scene in a movie since ripley vs  the <propfemale> alien in aliens "
i am going to get another victorino shirt  what can i say i love the guy  go hawaii!!
yyyyyyyeaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhhgggg!!!!!!!!!!!
