9dd83b8e3837446e9475727d566084cd
reallllly bored off the ass dude!
"typical parties   douches in hurley shirts and baseball caps, girls in buckle (nickleback) outfits  people competing for attention  lmao im about to have some fun without annoying kids for once   smile )))) xo mmm"
oooh yum  wink 
"bro bro bro, dude yeah man  tight, allright dude  cool bra  broski"
"\those who've let me down will look up and see a man whos got it all together\""  im glad to grow up and get out of here for good  haha"""
kick   ass!
"1 month, 2 proms, kick   ass!"
"can't be touched, can't be stopped, can't be moved, can't be rocked, can't be shook   we hot "
"haha wow, annoying!"
almost there   ahhh
senior skip day!
omfg kickass nite!!! boo ya
9 more days! ahhhh!
so lets uh make up a decision on the prank before we run outta days   only 4 left!! ah fuck
"omg, the best summer in history is about to start on up   in two days! lol"
my life as a free man starts today   mhm no more school  smile  party time!
let's fuckin do sumthing!!! whooh
phuuuck what a fun night  summer starts today!!!
"first day as a free man went by quick  time for pools, sun, hot chicks, parties, moneys, concerts, and americaaa!"
fuck i need something to do  phuffff
breaking <propmale> concert in a week! whooh
ooooh yeaaaaah  smile ))
ahh fight club  smile )
omg breaking <propmale> concert was sooo fucking kickass!!! whooh!
amazzzing concert  smile 
ohh yeaaaaah  smile ))
"count down to the end \gonna make it come faster \right a-round the bend \is a coming disaster \count down to the end \   and we're headed there faster, faster \come on down my friend \it's time to meet your master "
"off work, bout to find sumfin to do tonight! ahh"
ooooh yeaaaah  smile  mmm
guys choice awards 2010! fuck yeah!!!
ahhhh <propfemale> fun  smile 
fuck this place 
"count down to the end \gonna make it come faster \right a-round the bend \is a coming disaster \count down to the end \      and we're headed there faster, faster \come on down my friend \it's time to meet your master "
fuck 
"taking the oath of honor next thursday, then im in the air force!  smile "
"soo  just taking a normal stroll at the mall, and oh hey look   its <propfirst> beiber right in front of me  lmfao"
ooommmggg
ralston fireworks were kickass!
"joining the air force tommorow! but, first i gotta stay the night at this creepyass hotel    sad "
"\its only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything\"" """
everyone i just added within the last few days   im saying hi   this way i dont have to keep redoing it over and over 
fuuuuck   playful 
jigglypuff
annoying facebook mobile caused a shitload of people to get deleted instead of fan pages   lmao wow
"i, <propfirst> stevens, do solemnly swear that i will support and defend the constitution of the united states against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that i will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that i will obey the orders of the president of the united states and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the uniform code of military justice "
this air show makes me proud to have joined the u s  air force  ahhh  smile 
"people with god hates fags signs   are probably the biggest fags in the world  so theyre basically saying he hates them   o wait, religions stupid i forgot "
getting in shape for bootcamp sounds really fun   ahh  smile 
fuckin pumped! whoo ya 
im going to do what i want and have fun while doing it   im only going to be this age once and im taking advantage of it   smile 
"good night, good party time  smile  ahhh"
gonna go out! whoo monday night 
jackass 3d tonight!
texas quarterback looks like <propfirst> tosh 
\telling me to go\,9dd83b8e3837446e9475727d566084cd,paranormal activity 2   creepiest movie ive ever seen 
its gonna be a good halloween night! haha
got a little drippy drip  lmao
what to do tonighttt?
 smile 
sooo awake! lol
arry twatta!
amc is giving everyone blue balls tonight! lmfao
right-o jolly good day mate 
oooh yeaaas  smile 
o   ver   rated
ooooh yeah  wink 
417239048 these status messages are f8cking stupid 
ahh slipknot  smile ))
creepy wierd kids  lmao
"there's no physical gift to show how much i care for them, only a card with some honest words on it   smile "
come on ovaaa!  smile 
this north <propfemale> game is kickass!
here comes the pooh squad! uh oh!
"you're still a cheapass kid, that's cool "
"dam, when its my birthday in a minute  i'm about to get <propfemale> much attention on here  oooh yes!"
thanks for all the birthday comments everyone!  smile  19 feels goood 
 smile 
bootcamp  may 3rd  ooooh yessss
getting in shape again feels good  mmm
shitty sunday yay!
gonna add a new photo every day this month  but day one gets 3  lol
heh  smile 
why is the photo thing all annoying now? wtf
(( smile 
<propfemale> nice out  mmm
<propfemale>
<propfirst> come baaaaack!  smile 
comedy central presents: an awkward situation  lmfao!
the air force base is kickass  ahh
best night in a really long time  mmm! i could do that every day 
need to find some good way to spend these last 45 days 
feeling awesome! mmm
 smile 
snow? really? lmao
found some oldass pictures of junior senior year  this is awesome  lol
amazzzing  smile 
hookah time with the bros 
"ahh, so happy!  smile "
