26c23f8844273e351748dfcfecf41dc3
is wondering why his friends are on when he should be sleeping  w00t for waking up at 5 on a regular basis!
nyurg    lacquer thinner fumes   
"has the urge to call up <propfirst> and say, \great funeral! lots of people showed up  hey! 'you wanna go to taco bell?\"" but can't """
still doesn't have his computer back from the gateway warranty repair center aaaaarrgghghgh  video card on back order 
es regnet 
"sleep, so i don't pass out at work again tomorrow"
is not an englishly adepted person 
swing the banana!!!
haxed  love 
is a buttface!
 love 
hard drive platters are not good prying tools   
"tried to help the internet by submitting a correct answer to yahoo answers to no avail, i can't figure out how to submit an answer    gar"
is getting better at lcd repair
facebook bugs suck
goodnight from deltona!
a rat just died in my ceiling 
i forgot tonight the stars revolt had such an odd last track 
i brane awften 
i  love  windows 7 bugs!
"is exceedingly happy, perhaps enough to last eternity "
a blinking green bar doesn't count as a status bar   
really needs to look through his emails
"hmmm      put suicidal tendencies, puff daddy, the grateful dead, and <propfemale> <propfirst> in a playlist together to make people spontaneously combust "
just had pizza while sitting on his driveway like a hobo  smile 
i've stayed up too late  *spoken like caboose from rvb*
having children of the anachronistic dynasty in my music library confused me till i realized who it was that was singing 
why am i still awake?
should update his status 
"is waiting for soup to do that whole thing where flavors mix, then see if something needs to be added"
 love   laugh 
"was just approached by a drunk drug dealer who spilled beer on my shores, asked me for a ride, offering a wad of cash and some joints for a ride into town  thank you, <propmale>, for adding some additional perspective to my life "
"herro, world   smile   love "
pop tarts + cool whip = tasty
facebook is being broken  i now have 5 eternal notifications 
wants to make an instrument now 
is  compiling chrome from the latest trunk 
who changed my pic? lol
has a job interview at 10 tomorrow  smile 
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status if it worked for you! (no really, i don't post stupid stuff as my status  it works )"
i have google wave invites
"there's no meat in my potatoes, why is there no meat in my potatoes?"
"thinks he should look for genetic markers for negative response to nails on a chalkboard, similar to apes and snakes, or mice and predator scents "
"so    facebook ads think i should do grad school in saudi arabia, which sounds pretty cool "
i can has interwebs!!!
"i should sleep, i really really should    "
"ooh    crazy sinuses = sudden lightheaded vertigo feelings, yay"
"facebook ad: \age 21: like pictures?we are looking for 21 year old men to become professional photographers  earn your photography degree in less than 2 years \"" apparently the porn industry needs more skilled photographers   """
flapping tacos!
is confused by the new layout 
anyone ever have the feeling of getting happier the worse things get?
"just realized that i should state the following: looking for work, anything would help "
"i now have a stigmata like injury on the palm of my hand  luckily, the key didn't pierce all the way through my hand "
has an important message to share with you through this youtube video: http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0
can't find his pants   
still can't find his pants   
"is not sitting in the cs lab, where he is currently logged into facebook and can easily be changed by others    "
support zfs for native linux kernel inclusion!
so if i understood french then i would understand the song that pandora had just decided to play to me  i guess it's what i get for seeding stations with obscure artists 
1859 mcclellan riding saddles make my bum sad     but apparently i have good form  smile 
"so much to do, so few resources   "
gah!! next semester better be more intellectually productive   
doing physics homework is much more fun while inebriated!
i feel like a real it administrator now  i've just drafted my first proposal 
i really need sleep  i am currently a zombie running a physics program 
doing organic while inebriated is a very sillying task  smile 
"hey everyone! i'm <propfirst>, and i'm an idiot who needs to learn how to drive correctly and needs a sense of propriety and timing "
"has once again discovered that life can still be enjoyed while sleep deprived, if you can ignore the headaches  smile "
never look down   
"so, the designers of my phone apparently had less usability in mind than being able to talk about their favorite movies books  slartibartfast is a word in my phone's dictionary and not random other words that i have tried to use in the past  (this is a fairly dumb phone, and only remembers new words so long as you haven't deleted the message it pertains to )"
"note to self: running sudo bash while imbibing may have curious results, especially when it comes to typos    <propmale> <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> <propfemale>"
