40e6c715eb0ec7cf80a880ff774c6f62
ohhh new years lol   
lol    my stripper name is <propfemale>     ?? haha
"\medically speaking- you're adorable   and from what i hear you're quite affordable   \"""""
"chem regents up next   oh lordy    someone say a prayer for me, cuz this is not gonna be pretty "
"\sometimes obsession's not enough   \""  get the hint   seriously   nothings gonna happen """
"passed the chem regents, bitches!!! and i got most improved   corvette, here i come!!"
going to darien lake for the concert woot    
needs another job!!! doubledays and the corner dont pay enough!!!
"new hair     lovin it!! for once!! and the week of groundage is almost done, whooo!  smile "
"its hottttttt       pool, here i come!!"
"yeah, i am such a selfish bitch  so right  not dealing with being treated like shit is such a selfish thing for me to do  how do i ever live with myself   "
nomnomnom     toaster strudels   
paranormal activity!!!!!!!!!!!
omggggg breakkkkk!!!!! awesome!!!!!!
i gotta laptop!!!!!!!!! spleeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
gotta love winter break  laugh 
wowww    sooo lost my phone at carousel yesterday    then someone took it and started calling and texting people from it  my sister did some hardcore investigating and found out who had it  she finally got ahold of the person and they tried denying  after some threatening to call the police they decided to give it back  wtf is wrong with people?!?!
sooooo    got my phone back  douche deleted everyyyyything  luckily verizon was able to retrieve all my contacts cuz i had like almost 200     but now im gonna have to get my number changed cuz the people he called and texted are calling and texting me and i dont like it      ughhhh i haaate people   
"yuppp   gotta new number  ughhh  whateverrrr  people are retarded  yeah, lets steal someones cell phone, cuz thats cool!! nottt!!!"
"loooove it when you dont have a suit for gym, teachers try making you wear dirty ones, you get iss and lunch detention, then dont get to go to rehearsal cuz of it  awesomeeee  except not  not at all "
blahhhhhh  gonna be a lame day 
muuuch better day  smile 
"yo, what time is it?! lets check the <propmale> miliclockis     ahhh yeah son    ahhh yeahh   "
thank god its friday!! last day of swim    the weekend    and i get cake tonight! awesome!
"boringgg day til tonight, working 5-9 smile 0  first time in a few weeks, yay! haha how sad "
damnnn    just accidentally deleted a photo album    im so smart haha    now ill have to add em all again tomorrow  rawrrr   
go me and <propfemale> for kicking asssss today on our gov't final! yeahhh we got a 95!! beee jealousss
dear whoever-determines-if-we-have-snow-days: i hate you 
whyyy does sunday have to come sooo early?? :[
school  then rehearsal  then phone-athon  then picking up <propmale>  then bed  such a chill day 
birthdayyy!!  love 
"won $10 at the casino    wow  starting to wonder if i really am <propfemale> after all      anyways, thanks everyone for the happy birthdays  smile  best birthday i've had yet  fun day tomorrow!"
"love my tattoo!!! happiest girl now hehe     now to buy a lottery ticket tomorrow and i will have completed my list of \now i'm 18\"" musts  whoo!  laugh """
still havent bought my lottery ticket  sad  i guess my memory has gotten no better with getting older lol  defffffinately wishing this week was already over though 
chillinnnn 
valentines day  love  looove youuu
"breakkk  looovin it  no more rehearsal, working    nothin  just chillin til school starts "
8 months!!! loveyoubaby   love 
backkk tooo schoool     deff did nottt miss this 
gotta loooove snowdays  smile  popcorn    video games    movies    sleep    this is the life 
"lovelovelove 4 day weekends haha  just chillin, watching what not to wear say yes to the dress (lol) and waiting for him to get outta work    then just chilling with him again  love "
"just got home from 7:45-2 smile 0 practice    i survived haha    now to shower and leave to be at work, 5-9 smile 0  i love overly busy days "
"no work today! just relaxxin smile   laying down listening to pandora    nighty night, world "
bahahahaha    that show <propfirst> the entertainer in a basement affair?? its sponsored by joes crab shack!!! how frickin appropriate!!!!!       omg  why am i watching this:: apparently i have noooo life 
musical starts thursday!! we've worked hard    its gonna be awesome 
today! tomorrow! the next day! all done 
all done  sad  gotta say    it went amazing  congrats to the cast and crew    it was a good time  smile 
"i' m not afraid to post this: please put this on your status if you know someone, are someone (or are related to someone) who is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance     93% won't copy and paste this"
mondays + me = not best friends  thank god its only a 4 day week!!
i love being scared awake by my alarm every morning  nothing like a heart attack to start my day 
"we draw the line at being in your life  here's to the man of the hour  we'll cast our problems aside  cheers to your future, may they bury you alive   --adtr--"
"\they used to tell me 'you got to choose a side ' now it's four years later and they beg for advice  don't trust the critic ; he's a cynic  make the call for yourself  this is my 10-step course to not be like everyone else\"""""
9 months   love 
"highlight of my night:: i sneezed on <propfirst>  in the facial area  he fell off the bed, knocking over the popcorn bowl and knocking over a mountain of empty soda bottles  made a huge thump  upset the dogs downstairs, making them bark  his mom yelled, wondering what happened  meanwhile, i almost peed my pants laughing  it was magical   laugh "
fridayyyy!!!
"at this rate, i'll be heading for electric chairs  i'm only human with my cross to bear   "
"all you did was save my life, pulled me out of that flat line, put the heartbeat back inside    i'm not dying  all you did was get me through, i owe every breath to you, heart and soul unparalyzed, all you did was save my life   love  sdcp  love "
"so far i have spent this lovely day inside, tearing apart my room, doing a hardcore clean   booooo     but i love the weather!!!!"
"had an awesome morning, went to an egg hunt with dad and the boys    now getting ready for work  such a shame to be working when its soooo nice out > annoyed "
first easter  love  church with marks family then off to my dads for some foooood  happy easter!!
had an awesome long weekend  love  too bad mondays have to wreck everything 
getting my hair cut on saturday    trying to decide what color to dye it    help!! hehe
senioritis in full swing    gahhh    i hate school
"my stupid cat ran away for a little while a few days ago, then came back  now hes randomly limping  he went to the vet and he may have an infection or something, and he  got bit on his head  sad  my poor <propfemale>  as mean as he is i still wuv him to death  crying "
haircut at 11! then hanging out until work at 5  boo work but yayy haircut!!  smile 
"new hairrr! feels sooo diff but im getting used to it     work 1-5 then meeting 6-8    got a full week then arizona, baby with rls    love "
fridayfridayfridayfridayfriday!!!!!!
"spending my day packing, hanging out with <propfirst> then going to rebeccas  arizona tomorrow!!!"
our house is awesome  the weather is amazing  i like arizona  but i miss my baby  sad  *10 months*
"<propfemale> sprayed herself with man spray   it smells terrible  we cant afford anything while shopping  we ate cheesecake  even though i cant breathe, i like this "
i could definately live on the side of a <propmale>  inside a little cave  with  a ladder  yes please 
tlaquepaque  real place  small bathrooms  nice view  i want a hot dog  i should stop making up songs about hot dogs    but dont see that happening  i like this 
on the way home    trying to get food quick wasnt a good idea  nothing like sprinting through airport  what a great way to end a great vacation    almost there 
home home home  getting ready for bed  i need to catch up on my sleep    time differences are not my friend 
no work tonight!! waiting for my chicken to finish cooking  i am such a good girl  watchin tyraaa obviouslyy  maybe a nap? sounds gooood 
painted my nails and made popcorn    then licked my fingers and tasted all the nail polish remover  a whole glass of water can't make that taste go away  ughhh why do i never think before i do things?!
"home from school  tyraaa?? i think yes  waiting to see if have to work  otherwise, doing 7 loads of laundry    i need to start keeping up on that     annoyed "
"i've got these memories, they're all of you and me  i've been recording them ever since i was seventeen  push playback then rewind; i see us meeting for the very first time     love "
"lets see     perfect score on my nyssma (for the first    and last    time), ate dinner at cheeburger cheeburger (yes, its a real place), and watched mirrors (which was actually good  in my opinion ) yepp    had a good day   love   love "
theres something on my roof    i can hear it scratching through my ceiling        ??
"shes got a halo around her finger, around you "
"nothing like the sun to keep you from stumbling in the dark  thought out once or twice, you figure out where you gotta start, all the scars have filled my heart with pain; here you are just to wash it all away and you set me free     love  11months"
gavins big banana  finding viega on the fairy-go-round  fried dough and dippin dots  running around  rain  white shirts  bestfrans  good times  ilovedarienlake 
"every dollar counts\and every morning hurts\we mostly work to live\until we live to work"
i worked  i went to wegmans  i ate a sub  i went minigolfing  i met <propfirst>'s friend  i bought ice  i went to the drive ins for 6 hours  and now im going to bed  goooodnightttt worlddd 
"mmm    sunshine  pool, here i come!"
"darling, you look dashing  you see the flashing, you walk on by  so depressed & modeling a pink dress  diamonds from your neck won't fly that high "
laying down  thinking  i love when i've apparently done something wrong    again    but i have no idea what it is  its awesome   and i guess it's on me to fix it    again  i love being the only one who seems to care  cooool  gooooodnighttt worldddd 
mmm    snack time and <propfemale> reruns  then maybe seeing my grammy in the hospital and then going to court  sad  boo getting a ticket for not having your inspection  dislike 
"ahhh, no school for me! had to stay at home late to put <propmale> on the bus, then placement test at 10!  schools so pointless now anyways "
we're good and im happy     laugh   eating lemon sorbet and letting the fan coool meeee downnn  hopefully no work  fingers crossed!!
"nooo worrkkkk, just a meeting later at 6  cleaning out marks dirty car and finishing my english powerpoint     pray for me "
hotdogs  fries  ice cream  lemonade  sunshine  last monday of highschool ever  flip flops  ice pops          i  love  summer 
"dear lady gaga annoyed really? reallllyyyyy??? you couldnt make a normal video for once? i loved that <propmale> song  now, when i hear it, i'll be thinking of that creepy video  i love you, but you make it hard for me to stand up for you  please dont do this to me anymore \love, <propfemale> "
"the last day of high school     ever  wow  i cant believe its finally over  all those years of work, of making friends and losing friends, and all those terrible gym classes     i'm almost sorry i took them for granted  well, maybe not the gym classes  those sucked  i just cant believe its over "
soooo      muuuuch     sunburnnnnn 
1 year anniversary!! i love you!!  love   love 
so    american idol auditions in august  any suggestions on what i should sing?! help!
this girl is graduating!!!
 love  graduation party!  love  text me if you need directions 
"graduation party was great! thanks to everyone for coming, and bigger thanks to my sister for hosting my \little shindig \""  smile """
eclipse!! with the girlsss   love   love 
goodbye world!! camping for the next 10 days  smile 
everybody loves a <propfemale>*
warped tour!!!!\\nbe jealous 
<propfemale> childs barn sale  11 hours  today and tomorrow  oh joy  this'll be fun 
halo  ice pops  air conditioning  no work  harborfest       life's good 
"when everybody else is getting out of bed, i'm usually getting in it  i'm not in it to win it  i'm in it for you    love "
is a wegmans employee now 
krock today!!
"as much as getting hit in the head by half naked, sweaty, fat dudes is not my thing, still had an awesome day  thank you krock for a great show "
"i just realized    i still havent sent out my graduation party thank you's  and my party was june 27  i'm really on top of things, aren't i?"
dinner for shmucks was the funniest movie id seen in forever  i havent laughed so hard in a while 
"had suchhh a fun day, tubing jetskiing and boating on the lake with everyone  gotta celebrate whats left of summer the best ways possible "
          i dont know when school starts  i should probably find that out       
chili's =  love 
"had such a fun time last night with her best guy, <propfirst> lawson and her best friend <propfemale> <propfemale> noden hahaha  love "
day one of wegmans employment     success   smile 
"best moment of my night: <propfemale> bernardoni and i were doing garbage at ddays  i was yanking the bag with both hands  she was holding the can down with two hands, an old lady was helping us, and we still couldnt get the bag out  i put my foot up on the can, trying to help  the crowd behind us was laughing  we were laughing so hard we could hardly move  when we finally got it out, the crowd clapped  what a night   laugh "
mom  please get out of the hospital  it's not cool  thank you   love 
hahaha  i submitted a picture of this girl (from krockathon) with a nasty tramp stamp to ugliesttattoos com and its on there now  i feel accomplished  lol 
"people in auburn are classy \not "
people watching  really big french fries  animals  giant sandcastles  blue oyster cult  fried dough      i love the state fair 
first day of class! then calling hours and work laterr 
day one of a higher education:: success 
"class 11-12:20 and im done for the day  no work  just shopping, food, uncharted and air conditioning  love   love "
"wellness center for a little bit, then buying books  i love spending hundreds of dollars all at one time "
no work today  whaaaaa?
no class til noon? i like that 
i love not having any classes on fridays 
"i got a mountain dew out of the machine at the bowling alley  it tastes bad  reason? e playful iration date was june 2, 2010  yum "
i wanna be famous 
i burned my finger on the toaster this morning  i feel stupid  but it hurts <propfemale> bad   sad ((
"but the day pressed on like crushing weights  for no man does it ever wait, like memories of dying days that deafen us like hurricanes "
<propfemale> and the machine  love 
"i love when i finally have a day off and can relax, but my internet wont work, so im stuck cleaning and watching reruns all day "
totally aced my bio test  made my appointment  eating food  work at four    lifes good 
im eating a hot pocket     feeling like this is a reallllly bad idea   
you may say i'm a dreamer  but i'm not the only one 
"sometimes i feel like i'm from another world, and everything i want in life seems impossible  cause people, they'll tear you apart; but in the bottom of our hearts,the dream's alive inside  and we won't forget "
ohhhh boy oh boy oh boy oh boyyyyyy
loooove my new tattoo  happy happy girl  smile 
"ask me random, anonymous questions  dooo it  now \http annoyed  www formspring me brittanyemurray"
i like it on the floor 
no work  nice weather  going to a craft fair  buying new <propfemale>   love   what a good day 
"dear <propfemale> from teenmom: annoyed you're pretty  but when you cry, it kinda makes me say \ewww \""\",40e6c715eb0ec7cf80a880ff774c6f62,"rip grammy  i miss you already  you were always there for me, and you taught me so much  you were a big part of everyones lives, especially mine  i love you "
"today was without a doubt the hardest day of my life  saying goodbye to someone who has always been there for you is just as hard as it sounds  i'll never forget any of the wonderful memories i have  she was more to me than just a grandma  she was a shoulder to <propfemale> on, someone who would always brighten my day, and a friend  i'll be lost without her smiles and hugs  rip grammy  i don't know how i'll do without you "
relaxin on my bed drinking a chai latte and watching jersey shore  casino later  i guess todays turning out alright   smile    love   love  ily
the only purple shirt i have with me is an old ttcs shirt lol  guess that will have to do for today! happy 21st baby!  love   love  love you
"dear random guy getting a sub at wegmans annoyed thank you for telling me my eyes were beautiful \but you crossed the line when you told me you couldn't stop staring at them \please don't do that again \kthxbai"
"i \loooove\"" working  \",40e6c715eb0ec7cf80a880ff774c6f62,"no work today         !!!!!\kinda don't know what to do with my day now  annoyed "
cosmic bowling  smile 
just saw paranormal activity 2       guess im not gonna sleep tonight 
"closing the coffee shop by myself for the first time tonight     oh god, wish me luck "
asking <propfemale>  all that remains  born of osiris  & and she said  in 3 hours  ahhh!
"ohmahgah  asking <propfemale>    insanity \\nmaybe if there weren't so many hippos and whales in the pit, i could move around easier? just a thought "
its really fun to watch old people trying to use their cell phone 
"omg lol applebees is playing \im blue \"" my night is officially good """
"i am working 5am to 11am friday morning at aero, aka black friday       help me  sad "
happy thanksgiving everyone!
i love having to give statements to the police about people who <propmale> our store  its great  dirtbags 
just picked a guy out of a lineup  annoyed  lets hope i was right    haha
"walking around <propfemale> childs with <propfirst>, laughing at the prices "
<propfirst> just shot a 300  smile  congratttts! now if only i could do that      yeah  riiiight   laugh 
on my way to trexx with my long lost bestiee!!  love 
"why is it that all the dirty people of auburn have the same, distinct, horrible smell?"
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!\hope it was great  smile \mine sure was  smile "
"a stomach bug? oh, how fun!"
"i thought everyone from high school chorus would be interested to know that ccc chorus is singing \seasons of love \""\",40e6c715eb0ec7cf80a880ff774c6f62,silverstein concert! so excited to see one of my favorite bands again  hope this time is as good as last time!
they are still as good  better even   im gonna have nooo voice tomorrow
birthday dinner tonight  smile 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes! i had a really great day  smile 
"car got stuck in the snow at an intersection? yeah, not the most fun i've ever had "
"zebra striped chocolate heart, raspberry and dark chocolate candies and a box of slim jims? thank you <propfirst> for the best valentines presents ever  smile "
keep your hopes up high and your head down low 
"<propfemale> i watched inception last night \all i have to say is    damn  \that was one good movie "
"dear facebook: \please stop liking random links for me  i'm never on facebook, but when i finally am, i've magically \liked\"" a bunch of things i've never even heard of  cute  \",40e6c715eb0ec7cf80a880ff774c6f62,"my night consisted of having bad allergies, bowling terribly and finding out my cat died  then, to top it off, i had an asthma attack  great "
going to the movies tonight and i cant pick which one to see  sad   insiduous  sucker punch  limitless  any suggestions?
