5b4262b37d92e08102e75eabe4ba513d
is unbelievably angry 
is going to camp on wednesday for 7 weeks  no communications  it's gonna rule 
is going to camp tomorrow   laugh 
"gone for 7 weeks to camp <propfemale>  back in mid-august  no contact, please "
"if you want to write me letters, the address is: <propfemale> camps for boys  35 <propfemale> road  bridgton, me  04009"
is back!
is on  b  
"and, in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make "
"she had rings on her fingers and bells on her shoes, and i knew without asking she was into the blues "
's cat seems to be a black metalhead 
's birthday is tomorrow!  joyful 
will be 16 at 5 smile 0 tomorrow  wow 
is 16   surprise 
is back from camping  it was fun   laugh 
is gonna go to anime boston as germany (from axis powers hetalia) next year 
", even though he never knew him, is mourning for <propfirst> "
is worshipping morgoth 
 
"-?????? ???????? ?? ??? ???? ???? ????? ??? ?? ????-???? ?? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ???, ?? ???????? ????? ???? ????"
all things truly wicked start from an innocence
"nobody ever read \the road\""  take my word for it """
nightfall     quietly crept in and changed us all 
people who abuse animals should be killed  slowly 
is looking westward to valinor   
"to everything there is a season, and every season under heaven "
just got back from a hiking trip on stairs mtn 
is reading beowulf  why? don't ask 
i'm gonna make 2011 my bitch
sure didn't feel like vacation to me 
is back on facebook  oh my god 
is 4chan 
's sleep schedule is already messed up  after four days of vacation  goddamn it 
gregorian chants are the shit 
<propfemale> for president 2012 
feels a little like shinji ikari 
"what are you doing still awake  it's 12:19, go to sleep!"
is listening to <propfirst> cash  r i p 
et in saecula saeculorum 
just came back from a music lesson double-header 
just did his stepfather's statistics homework for him 
does any rockport student know when report cards come out?
roses are red violets are blue fucking magnets how do they work?
loves thunderstorms 
roses are red violets are blue has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
"i'm firin' <propfemale> lazer and longcat is long itt, we think how do i wrote song?"
fuck fuck fuck we were so close to a fucking goal adfegadfvgsfghbsdghvdfvhfghbfbhfghvcscbbgbvjuynm
disregard that last status! go usa!
rgyertherhebrhbrhgdfhndfngdbhfghfgh gaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh
nice job germany 
i have my feet submerged in a bucket of ice water as i'm typing this 
the bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and for deeds left undone 
"cold be hand and heart and bone, and cold be sleep under stone "
fatboy slim is fucking in heaven 
i've entered an endless recursion of time 
-i've entered an endless recursion of time 
i've entered an endless recursion of time 
-i've entered an endless recursion of time 
i've entered an endless recursion of time 
-i've entered an endless recursion of time 
i've entered an endless recursion of time 
-i've entered an endless recursion of time 
i've entered an endless recursion of time 
is officially obsessed with <propfemale> the vampire slayer 
happy birthday <propfemale>!
"ahh, nothing like a good bonfire to bring out the inner pagan "
gah     humidity      can't      move      
"hmmm  the internet slows down when it's hot, huh?"
"aperture science  we do what we must,because we can  for the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead "
i'm doing science and i'm still alive  i feel fantastic and i'm still alive  while you're dying i'll be still alive  and when you're dead i will be still alive  still alive
"<propmale> giles is a man amongst men, a bastion of such manhood that the gods themselves tremble in fear "
had a wonderful day with <propfemale>! toy story 3 is epic 
"okay, 3 4's of the way through <propfemale> season two and angelus is the most despicable, vile, complete monster i've ever seen on tv "
i dreamed i met a galilean    a most amazing man 
"ahh, nothing like a midnight bike ride back home from work in the middle of lovecraft country "
is writing a status message 
cannot speak  inception has literally rendered me speechless 
like this staus and i'll tell you something i like about you 
commencing instrumentality in 3    2    1   
"work, 5 till 11 smile 0-ish "
just woke up  this must be a new record 
is in maine until wednesday!
back from maine   laugh 
"wants to sing, goddamnit  missing madrigals "
"very, very, very sick "
just got an xbox 360 
"new phone! finally, i'm in the 21st century  need <propfirst> "
"finally beat cod modern warfare 2 on veteran  i have no life, but it sure feels good "
"lelouch <propfemale> brittania says, \stop playing cod \""\",5b4262b37d92e08102e75eabe4ba513d,how is babby formed?
"going to get rock band 2 today, then work from 5 to midnight "
"request for anyone taking apush: what was the summer reading assignment, again?"
roses are red violets are blue fucking magnets how do they work?
reading 1776 
is going to see bela fleck on wednesday with <propmale> and <propmale>!
going to stand outside on the roof naked with a long metal pole 
"slacking off for another hour, then work 3-5 pm "
"new note  read, if you want "
"slacking off until 1, then guitar lessons with <propmale> pardee "
go count your <propmale> 
heading off to see bela fleck! be back late 
"cannot speak  at all  i have been rendered absolutely speechless by bela fleck, <propmale> meyer, and zakir hussain, who are gods among men  i shook hands with bela fleck and he signed my banjo  he, the best banjo player in the world  pictures tomorrow "
when does school start this year?
"komm, süsser <propmale> "
wow  17 tomorrow  time sure does fly   
17!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!  joyful 
and the colored girls say   
haruhi suzumiya created this universe 
we smoked cigarettes and drugs 
rom ist auch nicht an einem tag erbaut worden 
work tonight  5-11ish 
who's up for a good old-fashioned book burning?! (a short history of the united states - r  remini)
"if you haven't watched tengen toppa gurren lagann, watch it right now  now, i say "
caps lock is cruise control for cool
"i love the rain  and i'm not being sarcastic, either   love "
i don't like that all my friends are leaving for college   
"just got back from gasshukyu, which has officially kicked my ass so hard i'll be stiff for the rest of the week  it was awesome  i'm going back next year "
<propmale> year 
"school was a sauna today, but otherwise it was pretty good "
"sometimes\ i just want to copy someone elses status word for word and see if they notice"
my cat is closely examining my guitar 
"just remember that this, too, shall pass "
<propfirst> tennant is better than you 
"dear miley cyrus: please put some clothes on  with absolutely no love, o'malley "
"this, too, shall pass "
anger is the mind-killer  anger is the little death that leads to total obliteration 
*hack* *gack* *sore throat*
yah done goof'd
"september is\cancer awareness month: in memory of every cancer patient, family\member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of\those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love\someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste; i did  will\you?"
happy birthday bilbo!
tank!
"   holy god, that was nerve-wracking  (singing the national anthem at the navy baseball game)"
naive e playful ression of love reluctance to accept that you are gone request to turn back time and rectify my wrongs repetition of the title of the song!
stay out of the no zones!
is teaching <propfemale> how to use facebook!  laugh 
giga   drill   breaaaaaaakkkeeeeeerrrrrrrrrr!!!
"this is i love my\sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your\tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you\on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  a sister is\a promise that we will have a friend forever "
funky christ gets down at easter breakfast 
"just got my wisdom teeth taken out  awake  fully, completely awake  all four of them "
my effing teeth hurt  d:
"wenn sie dies lesen können, ich liebe dich für immer  mit blick auf sie, poeppel "
end of evangelion    my mind isn't gonna be okay for a few weeks 
"copy this status and add a word    effervescent, kafkaesque "
"like classical music? then this is    \\*pulls sunglasses down*\\bachtober "
"physics people: i have <propfemale> 117, if anyone wants it "
"mein deutscher großvater ist bei mir zu hause für zwei wochen  ich habe natürlich gewesen auffrischung auf meiner deutschen, sonst wäre ich nicht schreibe dies  seid bereit!"
"salvation a la mode, and a cup of tea "
got my learner's permit!  laugh 
just made a facebook <propfemale> for a certain mr  <propfirst> hamilton 
just finished watching the series finale of <propfemale> the vampire slayer  the year 2010 will now always hold a very special place n my heart 
"guys, i have a great idea  i just need a bear trap, a watermelon, 500 monkeys, some kerosene and a pack of condoms "
"ok, i know last time didn't go well, but i have a better idea for this\time  i'm just going to need some masking tape, a taxidermied duck, and\three men with erectile dysfunction  hopefully, no badgers will have to\suffer this time "
oh my god there's a qc book  love   love   love   love   love   love   -head e playful lodes-
like this status and i'll tell you a truth about you 
all the lights in the sky are stars    where our spiral cousins wait for us 
had my first driving lesson today  everything went better than e playful ected 
woo! drove around cape <propfemale> with zero problems!
is going to get a slytherin uniform 
no on prop 19!
"okay, seriously, facebook is trolling people with bad eyesight  i can't see a damn thing "
angel!
"i just listened to \mein teil\"" by rammstein about 10 times in a row  something is seriously wrong here """
-sigh-
to live in hearts we leave behind is not to die 
"weird, weird day at school today  r i p  <propfirst>, you'll always be in our hearts "
going to see <propfirst> kottke today with <propmale>!
"unbelievable concert yesterday! thanks also to <propfemale> wells, <propfemale> brisson, and <propmale> selig for making it an incredible day "
argh  why couldn't daylight savings time have started tomorrow?!
clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad clannad
ender's game is the neon <propfemale> evangelion of science fiction  just realized it 
great day out with dad! went to see the town and made fun of the <propfirst>'s furniture people 
should i?
"thoreau: not the most thrilling writer in the world, that's for sure "
"clannad   \\oh my god \\-sobsobsobsobsob-"
"sometimes i wanna copy someone's status, word for word, and see if they notice"
"put this as your status if someone you knew was killed by lord voldemort  as everyone knows, being killed by an unforgivable curse, having your soul sucked out by a dementor, or getting petrified by a basilisk is a truly tragic fate for anyone, muggle or wizard  93% of people       won't   copy and paste this  will you make this your status to spread awareness of this growing threat?"
"ahhh, nothing like bach  listening to the prelude to cello suite no  1 in g "
omg i honestly started getting really irritated at all the automated woman beating spam messages on my goddamn home <propfemale> 
senior districts auditions in 12 hours  jesus 
"into the wild: glorifying arrogant, ungrateful young men with delusions that they're <propfirst> london since 1996 "
to senior districts i go 
senior district auditions  everything went better than e playful ected!
"oh hi, apush essay "
"got into senior districts, and got an all-state recommendation!"
turkey trot!  laugh 
"so much cooking  also, happy thanksgiving, all you americans!"
oh god  i'm not gonna be able to move for a day  and we haven't even had dessert yet 
going to rhode island today! be back around noon tomorrow 
"is deeply enjoying updating this status from an ipad  also, coming back tomorrow at 11 surprise 0 "
"good god  i love love love my grandfather (bach), but his poetry would make the vogons cringe "
shit  i think i have strep throat 
amazing concert tonight! a very big congratulations to all the madrigals and chamber music and orchestra people for making this night awesome   laugh 
[depressing song with lyrics that somehow relate to my life]
remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird 
snowflakes!  laugh 
"z?????????????????????????a??????????????????????????????????l????????????????g??????????????????????o??????????????????????????\ ????????????????????????????????h?????????????????e?????????????? \?????????????????????????c???????????????????????????????o????????????????????????????????????????m????????????????????????????e????????????????????s??????????????????????"
angel season 1 finale!
"that all our swains commend her?\ holy, fair, and wise is she "
holy christ this new profile is weird 
your momma's so fat she should probably be worried about the increased risk of cardiovascular disease 
"as we celebrate awareness month, plesae copy this status if you know anyone, or know anyone who knows anyone "
"okay, okay  pretty sure question 10 on the a block physics test isn't actually solvable  dr  waller, you have successfully trolled us "
playing dirty water from a swordfishtrombone 
"there ain't no devil, just god when he's drunk "
"she wants to shine forever in time, she is so driven, she's always mine "
utterly unprepared for this french test 
finally some seasonal weather!
"oh gloucester, why do your water pipes have to be so goddamn old?"
code geass!
ich wünschte du wärst hier 
"i hate bacon  i hate the sight, smell, and taste of it, so why do i have a craving for it?!"
i just got a fucking ipad for christmas! yay!
<propfemale> christmas!
"holy mother of god, perfect blue is the scariest fucking movie i've ever seen  guess who's not sleeping tonight?"
"\a night on bald mountain\"" might just be the best thing ever composed """
going ethanfroming now (thank you <propfirst> colussi) 
"nothing like a good, old-fashioned trolling  catch me if you can, connor bergman  i'll be waiting   smile "
??????????????????????????????????
"thinking about changing my name to saxon wolfcock for a day  fb, what do you think?"
i was dared  here we go 
japanese honorifics (and the like) are really fucking confusing  i could refer to myself about 14 different ways!
i'm having fun trolling these mouth-breathing mansex football guys  it's quite the sight   
"coming to apush next week: a dramatic reading of a <propmale> <propmale> speech complete with ridiculously over-the-top music, period costume, and lots and lots of over-acting "
has anyone who lives in rockport gotten a call from the school?
"snow day, bitches  > laugh "
get out and shovel now if you haven't already  it's like wet cement out there   
"that's funny, rockport  yeah  go ahead and be the only school in new england that hasn't canceled or delayed tomorrow "
tomare!
got my sos brigade wristband yesterday  i'm never taking it off 
french exam tomorrow  commence uncontrollable vomiting 
anyone in rockport: do we know if they'll delay school or not?
dear god this feels so wrong  but    i am listening to and enjoying an a-*mmmmpphh* song 
"it's an adventure, right? right?! in a world where truth changes into lies, i'm going to get stronger because i have a dream, not for anyone else "
hey guys  it's gonna be -6 degrees tomorrow morning 
snowed in 
"your mama's so fat, the sorting hat sorted her into the house of pancakes "
all-state auditions tomorrow  -gulp-
i got into the massachhusetts all-state choir!
"he's climbin' in your <propmale> gasses, snatchin' your valence electrons up  tryin' to rape them so you need to hide your krypton, hide your argon, and hide your neon, 'cause they're rapin' everybody out there "
snow day!  laugh 
"well, i'd rather drive a railroad spike into my eardrums than listen to the black eyed peas again "
writing an apush essay while listening to ridiculously dramatic music is the only way to write an essay 
"five-page apush essay, completed in 90 minutes? i think so "
back from nyc! thank you to all the madrigal and orchestra members for making it awesome   laugh 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me?"
"smash head on keyboard \\post results "
seems my immune system has gone on strike  be back tomorrow if i haven't coughed up my lungs 
"alright, anti-bodies, you can stop trolling me now  you give me hunger pains, yet i cannot keep down a single glass of water? man, fuck you "
"<propfemale> bach palladino <propfirst> s palladino jr our new family motto: if you don't like <propfirst> <propmale>, then fuck you "
"dear my immune system,\\fuck you so hard \\signed, o'malley bach "
"my last three statuses contained the phrase, \fuck you\""  yay for uninterrupted vulgarity!"""
"black swan was amazing!    but holy hell, was it scary "
"hold on  it says i'm banned from kf for \karma harassment\""  why would i do that?   """
refuses to get a formspring 
you can't take the sky from me 
gonna do some hardcore baking tomorrow  all you other classes can bow before our might 
"alert - tomorrow, facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and stick their fingers up your nose and eat your brains  to stop this from happening, go to account> home invasion settings> cannibalism> brains, and unclick the \tasty\"" box  please repost  good luck """
"this new ipad keyboard is pretty cool, but the keys must have been made for leprechauns - too small!"
"-go to your profile \-the top 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse \-how screwed are you?\\<propmale> mcdonough <propfirst> o'brien <propmale> tuck <propfemale> hurst <propfirst> mcgillicuddy\\that's one hell of a team "
"giving up cocaine for lent  holding steady so far, but it'll sure be tough "
"   \\all you people who are saying that japan deserved that earthquake and that loss of human life can go and burn in a very special layer of hell  now "
attention teenagers: duck lips in pictures are not cute or sexy  they make you look like a fucking idiot 
"disabled my formspring  you win, trolls "
"been crying on and off all day  don't have any friends family there ('cept for a friend who goes to school in england) but i've always loved japan, ever since i got my old n64 nearly 10 years ago  may the dead rest in peace and the living be strong  pray for a swift recovery "
"well, it seems the mosquitoes are back  d:"
"to everyone in rockport: my all-state music folder is missing  it is a grey folder with an mmea insignia and my name on it  in there should be about seven pieces of music  i need it really badly, and before wednesday  if anyone has seen it or knows where it is, please tell me  i will give 30 dollars to whoever brings it to me "
is <propfemale> black serious? believe me when i say that i would rather listen to a <propfirst> bieber and nickelback collaborative album than that    that    oh god i don't even know what to say anymore 
"and in the quick of the night they reach for their moment\and try to make an honest stand, but they wind up wounded, not even dead,\tonight in jungleland "
holy crap i found my all-state music and i feel like a complete idiot  my father found it under a couple of sheets of paper on a desk 
people who use twitter hashtags in facebook statuses should be rounded up and shot  #blatanthypocrisy
i think my cat is stoned 
islamic chants represent some of the best music ever made 
all-states was pretty much completely fucking awesome  thank you to everyone who made it special!
"tread softly, because you tread on my dreams "
"crying softly in a corner before a french test, hating my own existence? let's do this shit "
<propfirst> sheen is an asshole 
"i have spread my dreams under your feet    tread lightly, because you tread on my dreams "
