e8c312febabf714e72dcadf37828c4d2
happy new year! may this decade be one where dreams come true!
wants to suck that ring off your toe
v 2 0
i just ate 100 fish tacos
schitlesnicklefritz
"i have spent so much time and mental emotional capacity on distinguishing which of my moral decisions are worth persuing  i have learned now, i believe, that all that time was a waste and that all of the perveted perceptions my generation has on life is the way it is  and i am a fool for believing in the far greater and more beautiful things in life i thought i could have e playful erienced  far better are we to be alone"
"by god, im a monster   or a saint?"
"hangman, go get ur rope    ur daughters were'nt careful, i feel like i am a slippery slope  and as i lay my head at night  after a day that went perfectly right    still u won't know    no u won't know forever, you(and)i shall be"
the fact that you can lose and that things may or will fade away is what makes life so much more beautiful
"and you walk under the streetlights, but you're too drunk to notice that every one is staring at you, your lifes falling apart and the world is crumbling around you    you just have to see her to know that you're breaking in two"
"hope to see my coquette, and hope, she can't, smell the bourbon on my breathe"
im getting my hurr cut
ignorance is bliss    or no    panda  rocked my braaain
take something that makes u happy and run with it
i will no longer live in fear
almost a week   
"safety first, make sure to keep a sweater or cardigan around incase it gets drafty   "
f*** everyone who was talking shit about the bengals!!!
"drove around campus today for an hour, found no parking, returned home, submitted complaint email (which will receive no compliance and or aknowledgement from the college except maybe my instructor), will attempt to go and park at 2    rediculous   "
wtf it's five fifteen a m 
nobody deserves to be mauled by a bear
"just dropped a class becasue he can't find a place to park in time  fuck cscc  and while i'm at it, fuck the institutionalization of college as a right of passage to the middle class"
i apologize for the previous profanity
p s a- long islands+jack daniels+jeager+rolling rocks lead to bad decisions  really bad ones
does not have a square root
"debating state, sailing through the mind, on a headstrong crash course with elation, devestation, or reincarnation"
"drank a lot, passed out, watched an episode of the office, will go back to bed shortly, and is on a dichotomatical self searching quest to figure out if he is mad and it will never happen or if he might be as close as anyone has ever been   "
needs to quit smoking
"i have learned i should put effort into being a man of few words when in non-close circles of people  not to trust others to understand your dignity and the dignity of people close to you   i'm pushed back into reality  now, <propmale> and i will go to this concert and rock out"
another weekend at the old bag
here's to having no idea what happened
"beer, bombs, <propmale> black, the black keys, college football, i'm off work, countdown to blackout central   "
back to reality
"is off work again tomorrow, yeh"
"to those griped with insufficient happiness and disgust for the world around you, as we all have been- take a minute to see the world you are missing, the one you knew as a kid, if even for a moment a day to bring piece of mind      now, what do i mean by that?"
m              t                   2                      0                       !!!!!!!!!!!
mt20!!!!!
wants a flying car
is working on a paper about the declining rubber and textile industries in cambodia
what   the   fuck   ever
"go to lunch with old friends, date around or pamper your girl boyfriend, write letters to people, laugh at dirty jokes, have one beer too many on friday night, travel, accept any opportunity to meet interesting people, forgive and move past what bothers you, take your dog to the park, take your kid to the arcade way too much, dance with anyone who asks you, tell everyone you love that you love them"
"is floating in a bubble with a tree   pondering what was said or wasn't, what mistakes there were    but nevertheless has had a realization  avoid selflessness, it may destroy you, it is uncovetable by the masses  or live it, and through the irreplacable loss learn the s o u l  is real  how life can ironically laugh at you and speak down and up simultaneously, never being facetious"
can't believe the bengals lost that game
is full from eating highbeck's pizza
"doesn't know if he is sane, nostolgic, on the seam of a breakthrough, or wasting time  <propfemale> car bombs are gross"
"full from thanksgiving  going to ladies 80's  you sound like you\re from london"""
"had a meeting at old bag, had to be there at 9  then, drank at roosters for a bit, i think i'm going to do laundry and nap until 5, then birthday festivities!!!! go to the zig later!!!!"
<propmale> cambell vs the army of darkness    drinking game
spanked drunk let's roll
headache
thanks for the bday wishes!!!
"\teach us to care and not to care  teach us to sit still \"" - t s  <propmale>"""
"the monster can appear to be a cute, attractive, or harmless, at most an affair of caressing a domesticated pet; you even nurture it- until the beast shows itself"
"13 hr workdays, with no break   and pay for lunch   weak ass shit"
i am a warrior
wonders if he should feel bad for <propfirst> gray
aaagghh
can't wait to work a double from 830am until 7 to 10 pm tomorrow!
is grumpy
is not smooth
"if you give it a <propmale>, you would be suprised about how goodness can find you   "
has to be at work in seven hours  annoyed 
"never hold your tongue to differ judgement  maybe they would want to hear what you have to say, maybe they agree, or maybe they are even just like you"
"never let a good <propmale> go, you may never have it again  and many people aren't blessed with good <propmale>s at all  grab on to what you want and never let go and don't ever resist a <propmale> when it reaches out to you  let the goodness fill you"
"picturesque, the courtesan fights to renew his identity  having e playful erienced such great passion, feeling fullfilled he sets off resist temptation  but, how long can he hold if his <propfemale> is uncertain   how long until a siren presses in her will unto the reformed rake and he breaks, constrained in seduction  old dogs can't always learn new tricks, no matter how much it will break their heart"
capture the objective
"is tired, broke, and eager to find out if parking spots exist for morning classes at cscc this quarter   "
"was ready to pass out with his shoes on at 845, but then    he started drinking    class will come fast   "
"just saw a picture of a 513 lbs blufin tuna    it sold for $177,000      i would like to officially declare a <propmale> under, tuna fishing"
"try and get your mind off things, missing you, but not upset"
doesn't it feel good to feel good about somethiing!
the word of the day is: believe
"has <propmale> muscle pain and wants a massage, no happy ending necissary, but doesn't know if he'd object"
"<propfemale> is beautiful, but the struggle to obtain it is irevoccable, painful, and annoying  ah, i hate to say it, but i don't think it, but i feel it  i need to stop drinking till 2am when i have to work at 830am"
"i want to hear what people think about a line from a book i just read  out of context, it may be interpreted differently than i took it, but still i want some insights: \physical love is impossible without violence   \"""""
"the unbearable lightness of being   my face just got melted   i need to get some sleep, eat, or drink nine beers   "
"just remembered, no class tomorrrrooww! ugh"
bodega grilled cheese   
hold on   
it is all about living an examined life   
"\the primary goal of a philosopher is to live life according to their philosophy   \"""""
love is a battlefield
number one goal to obtain from going to the gym: (its a 3 step process) 1  be able to break up fights by suplexing someone  2  be able to suplex someone who is 200lbs like a badass  3  suplex his her ass so hard that at least one witness shits their pants  and    to look good naked
"it's friday, i'm off work, i'm clean, ready to go, and its the brightest full <propfemale> of the year tonight!"
"work was carzy busy, my phone died earky, i left after working 12 hours on 2hrs of sleep, got to bar and was challenged to chug a pitcher, i did-it made me feel 18 again haha, drank long island that <propfirst> made me (98%alchohol), extremely missed someone the entire night   left a blister on <propmale> and <propfemale>'s ass   played love is a battle field 3 times, admitted to it once  heart you truini! i'm out"
its been so busy at work recently  is the economy getting better?
"is going to the gym alone, and he is weak, there will be no one there to save him"
has a printer now  and it has color  and it will make it so i don't have to wait an hour for things to print at cscc and be late to class
ask questions before you judge   
is now apparently the proud owner of a snuggie   haha   
hand is mutated
head over heels
"what is greater to lose faith and relearn it unconsciously or for it to be  unfaltering? to never have known it, or to always have?"
"needs to, but doesn't want to go to the gym   deadlift day! beefcake!"
had a wonderful evening
i can't buy what i want because it's free
gets to watch a movie and eat dinner with three girls tonight  smile :
work school overload
"that was a long f***ing day    but, the second to last time i have to do homework for three weeks   hopefully  extran~o mi pastallito"
let things settle down before you take your guns out
welcome back to school everyone! here's to havin' less free time and much larger hangovers on saturdays!
huge fireball meteor shower tonight
bush babies
creepy
"the man wanted to fill a pond to grow lillies for his wife  he carried water from the river next to their house everyday, trying to fill the pond, but it never did  day in and day out, the sun was too hot, a drought forecasted  he continued to fill the pond until hi neighbors called to him and told him the farm was on fire  he asked, how could this be? and they told him, someone swept the river dry"
captain morgain's liiiiiiimmmmeeee biiiiittttee
"i want to go out into the <propfemale>, into the everlasting arms"
you can have my bacon
                                                                                                                                                            
now i'll never get to heaven
"bartending tonight at old bag  come in for happy hour at the tiki bar it'll be open from 3-10, happy hour until 7pm!"
"you move like a dream i've had, i woke up sweating in my room   "
"it is easy to make someone into an enemy when you haven't tried to understand their past e playful eriences  when something happens between two people, their are two perspectives on the situation  not knowing theirs (even though they may have tried to tell you), makes it really unfair to assume that yours is correct  hate is a astrong word to use on someone you love  hate is a strong word in general "
congratulations all my graduating friends and to <propmale> for making it through exams!
"when you do intensive organizing, cleaning, consolidating, and rearranging (things i'm not good at doing) you find a lot of things you thought you lost, thought you threw away, or forgot about entirely   "
"had to read a novel last night in one sitting, slept two hours, then had class and then work, then slept a bit, then watched the movie on the book, then worked on paper rough draft   moral of the story, pay attention to when your homework assignments are due! now i'm sick and gonna sleep"
papa john's papa's favorite
jay-z
"played cards and drank beer all day  and by all day, i mean all day    great weekend!"
ok
bartending the tiki bar tonight at the old bag o nails! come out and kick it or pregame for whatever madness or coziness your getting into this evening! $2 coronas all night! $3 magic hat $2 miller light 16oz!!! kisses
benetar
"\the struggle of man against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting \"" -<propmale> kundera"""
mt20 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\   beauty is the abolition of chronology and a rebellion against time \"" - <propmale> kundera"""
day off=tomorrow
"\    to laugh is to live profoundly \"" -saint <propfemale> leclerc"""
"during conversation about why, how, and if an infinite energy source can be made annoyed me: \we need to figure out how to make energy from lady gaga music \""\",e8c312febabf714e72dcadf37828c4d2,ate a whole bag of cheetos
   
       
                                                                                                                      
",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo,,,,,,,,,,,oooooooooooooooo,"
xoxo
xx
zxxzxzxzzxxxzxxzzz
if that's what you think   
whatever   
"\it is not the sirens fault that her lamentations are so beautiful   \"""""
i miss cupcake    too bad i had to go psycho
"thinks he will actuall go out tonight, like for real    as in not the zig, for once haha"
"14hrs of work will make you want to get drunk, but the sweat and heat factor (i swear out a c was off) will make you go home and want to vomit!"
working the tiki bar   
fuck the modern world   
sorry for that    its late    goodnight
"this is great, all of this, or just what might have been, so we can take a seat at the bar with the other broken heroes!"
"\sometimes a cigar is just a cigar \"" -sigmund freud (misspelt haha)"""
serenity now
"not sleepy, not awake    somewhere in between"
i want something else to get me through this semi-charmed kinda-life
"women are a combination of the undying romantic heart, and cancer: you can hope to fall in love, but when you do- they will eat away at you away until you die a slow painful overly prolonged death    here's to love and human erosion!"
"dinking bombay saphire at my place, and not alone!!! two points for me! now, i'm losing by less than a thousand!"
"dirty sniveling bitches    hate them! <---- comment long comming, i actually had a great night    even though i didn't get off till 2"
happy biirrttthhddaayyy aammeerriiiccaaaa!
ninja pirate or pirate ninja? which would be the most deadly hybrid of pirate ninjaness
the dutch are going to the final!
asks everyone to refrain from tempting him to drink this weekend    he needs a break    a long one
you all failed   
going all out nerd with it    deal with it
needs some inspiraaattion!
oh muse! where <propmale> thou?
has a painful bruise in an akward place   
haha
wwwhhhooaaaah!
going out for truini's birthday! mmgrreeoowwl!
"oh, how easy it easy to want something so much that you start to hate it! to 4am! good god why can't i sleep? (and i dont want any of my roomates to tell me it is becasue of the 2 hr \nap\"" i took  it was a weak nap"""
)
"is sick, but wants to go and drink with <propmale> <propfirst> haha"
in a galaxy far far away
"in the summertime when the weather is fine; you can step right up and light up the sky when the weather is fine, you got rythme you got rythme on your mind!  smile "
"look like crab, talk like people"
needs to rest   
palahniuk vs vonnegut vs vs <propfirst> vs delillo   
and the nfl season begins!
"16hr day at work, and i get to go work a tv-less bar tomorrow during the osu game  hopefully its slow and i can watch it    now= time to sleep! the rest of you with 9-5's, the day off, or unemployed= enjoy drinking all day"
the patriots? never heard of 'em
has no phone and may not for a wwwwhhhhiiiillllllleeeee!
\why should i wish to see god better than this day?\,e8c312febabf714e72dcadf37828c4d2,"go to you tube and search for \dj kitty\""    enjoy  smile """
there was yet another ufo sighting in <propfemale>
suck it!
"bengals lost, no hot water, not getting shifts at work, poor, 2 papers due wed , and my pets heads are falling off!"
needs to go to sleeeeeepppp! goodnight loves! kisses you's!
need to destroy allergies    they are devastating me
i want to be warm
"i would actually kill someone, i think, to be half as good as vonnegut"
funny how shit jumps out at you
homework
"mt20, then i'm in vegas baby!"
check me into maryhaven
still <propmale> over!
"wow! osu actually cuts a little slack! may return to capital u though! i like my philosophy club there too much! yeah, that's right! i'm a member of a club at a university i do not attend!"
"so, what happens to a dream deferred?"
"was gonna go out, but then found out <propfirst> and shmead are in town   the zig wins again   "
why was everyone so serious tonight?
"\be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle\"" -plato"""
"god, <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, the courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to tell the difference"
"i don't have a phone, the bengals don't have a clue how to win a game, i have no clue how to not overeat at my parents, i have no clue why i had to be at work at 930    but, i do have a christmas tree biotches!"
has had subway six of the last seven days
"so, the time at which this post is being submitted should be testimony to all to beware falling victim to procrastination and distractions  i just finished my paper, due tomorrow morning at 10, just now  f***!"
can the bengals beat the bills?
pizza begals
"there is a light at the end of the tunnel for us all, its just hard to see because of all the traffic jams"
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! makes me feel very fortunate, happy, and good! and feeling good is a blessing, a gift, and great thing to e playful erience! i'm fortunate to have my friends and family!"
"got a new phone, but lost my back up assistant, so i have zero contacts  text me your name so i can have your number!"
i like wearing no pants    too much
bring me spppprrriiinnngggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what happens to a dream differed?
a[another cold day]gain  no r[shy light limply draws at the drapes]est  a[a day wasted]gain
"\good morning chicken\"" - <propmale> simpson (we all needed that)"""
"i'm okay with staying out late unitentionally because i meet someone who is really cool, its just the whole getting up early thing that sucks, plus watching another friend argue with my new friend about driving home  i believe in the driving skills, but they were too intense, had to escape!!!"
can't sleep    really sucks that its an hour ahead tonight too    open to close at work tomorrow is gonna suck! i mean be awwwessoommee! (yeah positivity!)
march to da fucking madness!
washington until duke baby! put it in your bracket!
please keep my grandma in your prayers and thoughts! she is scheduled to have an easy and successful triple bi-pass surgury tomjorrow morning! she's so badass that we wouldn'y even notice if we didn't know! she's the best person ever! i love you grandma!
19hr work day    sleep   
"let's go buckeyes! aaaaaannnnnnddd leeeeeeeeeeeeeeetttttttttttt\s gggggggggggooooooo hhhhhuuussssskkkkiesss!!!!!!! washington baby! gonna beat nc's aaaassssss mmmooo ffooo!!!!"""
"work work work    had tonight off after 9    drank some    my phone=still broke    no connection to the outside world    actually have a new phone, but can't get contacts or successfully activate it    but, mostly: i miss my grandma"
"the lakers lost me $3 50 because they didn't win by three    basketball betting is not treating me good this week  however, it is figuratively bl***** <propmale> irvine"
"eating a cupcake, then going to see my grandma, then going to work   "
i thought i could be asleep by now    tips on sleeping? anyone? for reference?
"again, i have a new phone with no <propfirst>    text me yo number fools"
sick of being sick    come into gressos tonight and cheer me up
i think i have ten phone <propfirst> now    movin on up
