5962024a4a7401ebcaa4fe744df578c8
i am feeling alittle sad because i dont have that many friends out in cali that i can just <propfemale> out with and have a good time  
"we almost bought 2 kittens today, but our housing development doesnt allow it  we tried lieing and saying that we lived in a different housing development but with our correct address, and they we smarter than we thought and they knew that the street we l"
missing my family! wishing i could be closer to them and to beable to <propfemale> out with them!
"had a great time last night, we invited some friends over for pizza and ended up staying up til 2 am talking with our friends and neighbors   watching everyone get drunk but me!"
"tomorrow we are going to go and get a 4d ultrasound done, and we also get to find out the sex of the baby! i will keep everyone posted!"
we are having a baby girl!and her name is going to be cadence!!
"i got pulled over tonight for speeding on my way home from work   i didnt have my drivers licenses or regsiteration on me  luckly he let me go, he said his dispatch were idiots  also his pen that he was writing with was spring loaded, and while he was wri"
had a mini heartattack when i was getting the mail today  i went to go and put the car in park and grab my keys for the mailbox and i went to go and get out and the car started rolling down the hill   i quick jumped in to find that the car wasnt in park b
i just made a desert called puppy chow and i thought i had powdered sugar but i don't and <propmale> is sleeping  so i am going to have to wait until he wakes up to go to the store and gets some  i hope it will still turn out okay!!
i really need to get to the store so my puppy chow turns out okay but <propmale> is still sleeping!!
"oops  i took a quiz \what kind of girl are you from a girly movie\"" under joshs account  haha so it makes it look like he took the quiz instead """
i am so freakin tired  jacob woke up at 7am this morning and i ended up going to bed at like midnight or so last night   i am about ready to pass out i am so tired!
i'm in texas for 2 weeks!
omg! i can't believe how forgetful i have been this past week  when i came home from work i saw that i had left the burner on the whole time while i was at work and i worked for 5 hours tonight!! and lets put it this way this isnt the first time i forgot to shut the dam* thing off!
it must be because i am pregnant and have lost part of my mind during the process!!
$2 225 billion dollars is the estimated amount of money that the u s will spend on halloween <propfemale> in 2009!!
we went to the water park today! its was fun for the hour that we were there  something to do atleast 
went and saw the first showing of twlight:new <propfemale> last night  it was worth staying up until 3 am to watch it  now i have to start reading eclipse and breaking <propfemale>!!
4 more weeks until cadence is here!!
i am drivin myself crazy!! i cant decide on how i want to decorate my house and tree for christmas   i keep changin my mind  
i finally made up my mind on how i am going to decorate my house for christmas  the only problem is is that when the lights in the room are off you cant see the ordiments on the tree!! so now i am back at square one again!!grr!!
cadence is due to be here next week  i cant believe the time has finally come!!
"is very bored   there is nothing to do at my house but clean, and watch tv  "
is scheduled to be induced on dec  24th if cadence doesnt decide to come before then 
put this ---??---??---on your ---??---??---status ---??---??---?f ??? ?n?? ----??-??----?????n? -----???-----??? ??? or ----??-??----??? ??d ---??---??---cancer? i wish for the cure of cancer  93% won't copy and paste this   will you?????
cadence <propfirst> thiel is here! she was born on dec  18th at 9:53am  she was 8lbs 11oz and 20inches long!
both the kids are sleeping and <propmale> is at work  what am i going to do i am bored!
"<propfemale> alert!! 3yr old boy taken by man in rochester mn driving a 2006 mitsubishi eclipse  plate #98b351  repost if you wish  you know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew \seriously\""!!! i e playful ect to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times   a child is in danger!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"lost <propfemale> kat: <propmale> lost his one and only <propfemale> kat that he absolute loves and will not go to sleep without it  it breaks my heart to have to hear him cry himself to sleep because we can not find her   sad    we have searched up and down for her for 2 hours now, and she is no where to be found  she is calco, if found please let me know!! thank you!"
"still no signs of <propmale>s <propfemale> kat  after hearing him cry really hard for alittle while, i had to do something, i couldnt just let him cry it out  i remembered that <propmale> had some stuffed animals in the garage when he was little  i let <propmale> pick one that he wanted to sleep with and ended up picking a gaint <propmale> bear  when we went and crawled into bed i remembered he got a different <propfemale> kat for christmas from <propfemale>!"
we found <propmale>'s <propfemale> kat  she was 3 houses down   actually my next door neighbor found her  thank you <propfemale>!!
my sister comes in tomorrow from minnesota!! yea i am so excited i can't wait!!
love my sisters more than words can say  if you have a sister sisters who is are your best friend friends and has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without our sisters!? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy & paste this as your status and put the first entry for your name under the comments   "
finally went and got a pedicure done  i sooooo needed it!!
"<propmale>, cadence and i are moving back to mn march 31st while <propmale> is deployed! i am excitied to move back and see my family, but we are going to miss <propmale> alot  sad "
had a garage sale today and made $270 dollars  and we are going to have another one tomorrow! i am just so glad to see all the stuff gone   whatever we dont sell tomorrow is going to goodwill!!!
"thank you everybody for wishing my a happy birthday  we didnt do anything that special, <propmale> had to work and then we went grocery shopping and picked up a small strawberry cake  just got done eating it  it was pretty good  now just chilling on the couch waiting to watch the movie <propfirst>'s day  "
"<propmale> and i are going whale watching tomorrow! i am so excitied, hopefully we see some whales  <propmale> is going to love it!"
i am so mad  jacob was hanging out in our storage unit yesterday while we were packing and he left his <propfemale> kat in there and we didnt realize it until the guys came to haul our storage unit away  looks like we will be making a special trip to a toy store to pick another stuffed animal out 
"just got back from getting the kid's easter's baskets, and 7th esb family event with blowup activities, face painting, pony rides, food, and prizes  what fun and active day we had today!"
"has a sore throat, runny nose and a head cold and its no fun  sad "
<propmale> and cadence went and got their pictures taken with the easter <propfemale> today and then went to the neighbors house and played on the slip n slide  had a lot of fun!
"i'm back in minnesota! don't have much planned, so if anyone wants to <propfemale> out i am down!just let me know and we can figure out a time and place!"
"i am also thinking about hosting a <propfemale> <propfemale> party on apirl 25th and would like to get a general idea of how many people would come! please let me know, thank you!"
"<propmale> went and got his teeth cleaned today  knew that he had one small cavity in one of his teeth but found a second as well  i am so sad, my baby is not even 3 years old and he already has 2 cavitys   sad "
"does anyone else have a hard time getting their 2 year old to let you brush and floss their teeth? i am just having the hardest time, i dont know what else to do  if you have any suggestions, i would love to hear them!"
"just so i understand this  you pass the north korean border illegally you get 12 yrs hard labor, you pass the afghan border illegally you get shot  you pass the american border illegally you get a job, driver's license, allowance for a place to live, health care, education, billions of dollars spent so you can read a document  we <propfemale> passports in other countries or face jail time  repost if you agree"
omg its snowing out   and its may!! very weird!!
i am soooo bored  there is nothing to do!
who would like to recieve a $5 00 off coupon off your order for <propfemale> <propfemale> jewelry  let me know and i can get you one!
has a stye on her eyelid and it hurts really bad!
took <propmale> fishing for the first time   he was too busy eating the corn instead!
cadence just tried her first baby food and she ate the whole thing  she loved the squash!!
does anyone know how long you are suppose to wait inbetween before switching different baby foods to make sure they arent allergic to them?
i miss california so much!! i want to go back and never leave   sad 
i love rainy days!  smile 
it's an e playful losion of flavor!
i miss being pregnant  i want another baby!
payday tomorrow! yea!
i can't wait for my hubby to come home and to be living in my own house and not have to live with family anymore  kinda stressed out right about now 
cadence is getting her 1st tooth in today! i am so excitied!
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is full of loonies  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking, and they never question the friendship  post this if you're lucky enough to have at least one of these "
i don't understand y its so easy to put <propmale> down for a nap during the day but when its time for bed it ends up taking an hour or more for him to stay in his bed and go to sleep  
"loved you the minute i knew i was pregnant  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for you, & to this day i still would   ? ? put this on your status, if you have children you   love more than life   "
cadence is crawling  yea!!i am so excitied  
"ever since <propmale> has been watching <propmale> about how to say please and thank you, where baby bop learns how to use her manners but before she learns them she says \give me that\"" well now he is using those words when he wants something  its making me mad because he never use to say those words  damn <propmale>!"""
"i am slowly going crazy 1-2-3-4-5-6 switch\crazy going slowly am i 6-5-4-3-2-1 switch"
fyi: i heard on the radio this past week that the dislike button on facebook it a scam  the reason why it is a scam is because they steal all of your personal info  i would recommend getting rid of it if you have it 
it's hard to be happy for something that you don't want  
"<propmale> cracks me up  today he asked me \mommy are you my conscience\""",",2010-09-14 23 surprise 1:40"""5962024a4a7401ebcaa4fe744df578c8,arbor mist and a redbox movie for me tonight! i am going to watch hot tub time machine   it should be quite interesting
i am soooooo bored  
"i am thinking about bringing <propmale> and cadence to the shrine circus on sunday  anybody want to with me! its going to be alot of fun, i havent been to the circus since i was in elementary school!"
on the kitchen counter
we will be back in california in 2 weeks! i am so excitied i can not wait!
we will be back in cali in 2 weeks anf <propmale> will be back from his deployment in 3 weeks!! i can't wait to see him again! i miss him so much! it's been sooo long!
"please will everyone vote for <propmale> and cadence for the gap casting call  they would make great models for gap ads! and make sure you keep coming back and voting for them everyday  there contestant <propfirst> are 238203 and 225824\\http annoyed  www gapcastingcall com gapcastingcall entrydetail html?id=225824"
"everybody is a somebody, because god don't create junk!"
"interesting fact about october 2010: this october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays, and 5 sundays all in one month  this happens once in every 823 years "
i need subway tickets in sorority life   please send me some  thanks!
"\motherhood is about letting go of perfection and just going with the flow\""-brooke burke\",5962024a4a7401ebcaa4fe744df578c8,on our way to california  we are in utah about to cross into arizona  only 400 more <propmale> and we will be there!
we are in cali now  about to get the keys to our house in 2 hrs   can't wait to start moving in!
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it"
"okay, i dont mean to be a ditz here  but what are we voting for?"
"i went to go and try out a new grocery store that just opened up not to long ago to get some things for dinner tonight and its bad enough they didnt have a baby isle, but instead they charge you a quarter to use their bathroom  !"
"as of today, i offically went back to school!"
don't tell me you would like to be friends and then not be my friend!
is sad  sad 
"i may wear the glass slippers, but my hero wears the combat boots "
it's the most wonderful time of the year!
if your faced with the choice and you have to choose   i hope you choose the one that means the most to you!
thanks to <propfemale> bon for sending me modern japan skirt & top  i really like it!
beer!
i am starting to get anxiety  because my husband is freakin' hoarder!!! i think i need to start taking some anxiety pills!
"we are back in cali! it was nice seeing everyone,had a good time! we sure are going to miss you guys!"
went to the childrens museum yesterday  jacob and cadence had a great time!
i am so excitied that verizon is finally going to get iphones! i have been waiting forever to get one!
for a month straight now i have been thinking that i have been using 2 different kinds of shampoo and conditioner and wondering why isn't my hair getting soft and thats when i discovered that i have been using 2 different kinds of shampoo that entire time  i can be such an idgit sometimes  
"order some new <propfemale> <propfemale> jewelry  i am so excitied, i can't wait to see what they look like!"
i hate when you are having a good dream and you wake up in the middle of it  you wonder how it would have finished!
