d297b5d2f24c803e538888a2a46dab4a
i just finished playing 6 hours of poker tonight! time for bed 
"royally mad that i got my new harddrive, didnt have 1 part w  it so that it will work, stores around dont have it, so now instead of a $3 part, i spend $15 and wait another week! screw the new year "
wooo 7 hours of conference call training two days in a row!
tgif
risk or poker night anyone?
mmmm ribs 
had fun at <propmale>'s guns today
so out of all the fireworks we have 75% of them go an <propmale> you then blow up!
wwooo for working tonight  i hope my work doesnt get too mad at all the fireworks which i may bring
ok crazy admirer just texted me  tell me if you know anything about them!!!!
number   1-317-919-9404   who knows it  this is creepy!!!10 bucks if you tell me who it is 
number says south side indy  but they say they live in plainfield who is it!!! find them 10 dollar bounty!!!
finally i know my stalker!!!
woo after stage 4 <propmale> cancellara is still first over a few tenths of a second over <propmale> armstrong  i am rooting for cancellara and team astana 
and yet again i lost the game!   -_-
woo working the next four nights in a row!
fuck kongreate get your fucking keybord shit right
tgif
"chicago tommorow, nebraska saturday!!"
grr i just want to know my other roommmates name!!
ya chicago was great now off to nebraska 
woo nebraska!
back home from nebraska  wow the last four days of vacation were amazing  minus the 1700 <propmale> i drove 
woo know my other roommate finally!
mmm taco <propfemale>- my midnight delight!
alright whoevers completely bored out there come to my house b c we are going to play some games
to see an extremely patriotic video about the war go to www bringvictory com
3 weeks til school!
working 12-4 or 5 i think wwwooooooo   
boredom has set in again  whats there to do? any ideas
i love storms
wow purdue way to cancel one of my classes now   
too much food at my house and my family(mom) wants it gone  anyone is invited over to eat any time they want in the next few days 
will be seeing the best gf in the world in approx 2 weeks
just got done working 8 hours at coldstone 
just got a new tv for home  now i get our old tv!
woo done with work  purdue  is less than a week away!!
wow district9 online cam versions are actually pretty darn good 
almost done packing
moving back to purdue in the morning!!!
back at purdue!!!!
woo for all my classes!
woo round trip to avon and back this morning!!!             
woo dont have a class until 3 smile 0 tomorrow!!
plans to spend millions on my wonderful girlfriend  smile 
ok hilltop is officially the worst upkept rooms on campus 
"<propfirst> \the is only one thing i love more than funyuns \"""""
its my birthday!!!
i can't wait for the bday cake i didn't have to make myself this year!
thx to all who wished me a happy birthday!! it was a good birthday!
omg <propfemale>   
ahhh finally get to go to bed~!
surprisingly do not have much hw this weekend
uggh i hate having a cold 
just got back from <propfemale> and my 1 year anniversary dinner in indy 
wow what an interesting night 
church went great this morning even though it was my priests last sermon 
doin hw and listenin to <propmale> and garfunkel
mmm sooo hungry 
i think every morning everyone should have to do a little krumping to start their day off
who you gonna call?      ghostbusters!!!!
gotta love having 4 days to do absolutely nothing 
been playing my moms new wii fit all night 
loves when a prof pushes up a midterm to today without notice  i hope i did well
saw paranormal activity last night and laughed the entire time  wow what a horrible movie 
working on 216 line work    almost done!
law abiding citizen is amazing
autocad today yeah!   
check this out!! http annoyed  smouch net lol 
has been freaking awsome this week getting 85 and better on all my midterms!
so much hw    
i'm tired of working on 216 today  so now to start my halloween 
humans vs zombies has finally reached purdue!
just got second in call of duty 4 tournament   so disappointed in myself   
<propfemale> close to finishing my cgt216 comic cover    40+ hours in it so far  i will be so happy in  a few hours!
done! with project 1 for 216 
just found out from playing horrible at hillcon video game tournament i still managed 3rd over all and won tekken6!!!!
"starting to get tired, eating some vegetable beep soup and getting ready for a long night of catching up on my autocad project that i havn't touched in 2 weeks    "
"alright, late night #2 of the week, time to do some adobe illustrator     try and catch up on my final project"
the party was great last night   the walk back i dont remember 
can't wait for tomorrow in which a full day of complete laziness will occur 
just got my hair cut 
let the feasting begin!!!
apparently 4chan has had a discussion about rule 34  if you dont know about it look it up  but it applies to everything even god  http annoyed  img 4chan org r9k res 6426014 html
getting ready to go back to purdue and start my 3 weeks of zero sleep!
well back at purdue finally after crazy rain driving 
time for some autocad!
"will be completly honest for 24 hours    you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get"
thinks my cgt260 teacher should give an email about class being cancled in advanced  meaning not 28 minutes in advanced    
good night overall  i can remember it all this time and only a little drama!
10 more days of school!!!!
im finally in the mood to finish my autocad last few days ive been slacking a bit 
taking a 1 hour break and then back to work 
done with projects finally! lets start thinking about finals now
its been a fun day of cod4
just finished cleaning my bathroom
im going to push because i think i have pink eye  wonderful to have during finals week!
woo last final of the semester in an hour!!
finally home and unpacked!
well with 3 confirmed a's i should get around a 3 7 this semester!!
"just beat dragon age origins for the first time  conclusion: great game, but mages are way overpowered "
going to the grandparents house for christmas <propfemale> now! everyone have a <propfemale> christmas!
"just got back from mid-night mass so, marry christmas now"
wooo cod modern warfare 2 is finally in my grasp
omg drank tiquila with family friends and learned way way way too much about my parents tonight    
anyone want to go have a snowball fight?
grr i wish we had more snow in indy right now
who wants to make 2 massive forts tommorrow and have a snowball fight?
back from the airport for the 2cd time today  hopefully in 12 hours i will be in west lafayette
back at purdue and unpacked
just finished working out for the first time in forever
just finished sledding
had a great time last night
i just spent $35 on 8 markers    
ya for having to do paper drafting in a computer graphics class!!! -_-
woo for 730 am classes!!!!
im seriously dissappointed in the usps and amazon com for losing my book 
i just finished watching invictus and recommends it to all
just applied for an internship at speedway race track
woo i have an interview next week at the speedway racetrack for an internship next summer!
2 hours until my carousel!
"had a fun saturday so far, had my ra carousel and it was fun "
got accepted to the personal interview to becoming an ra for next year!
got the internship at the indy motor speedway for the summer!
"well i had a good time tonight, but tomorrow i have my ra interview at 11am  god, i hope i make to the interview on time    "
off to my ra interview!
wow thank god i got a 77% on my cnit 180 exam    hopefully will do better on the next
"well i guess summer is spending another night, in our humble abode   "
"just finished legion    it was a good movie, until the version i watched started speaking russian the last 2 minutes of the movie"
shoot me in the head <<< too much work to do in 40 minutes
i cant wait to go skiing tomorrow!
"well skiing was fun today, now to decide if sleep or trying to get something done tonight is going to happen "
"omg, 11-12 hours of sleep felt amazing"
im surprised i made it back this morning from unofficial with everything
cant wait to be done with haiti build project
officially done with everything now! time for break to begin!
"back in avon, starting my week of vegetation"
just made chocolate cookies with powdered sugar tops
why does purdue have to be so evil?!?!?!?
reccommends everyone to watch up in the air with <propfirst> clooney
"so i guess im coming up to purdue tomorrow for st  patricks day, and i'm bringing cookies"
back at purdue now
wooo got 3rd place in haiti build project!!!
woo for 4 hours of sleep!
"omg, i hate teachers who assign homework that requires a specific website to find answers, and the site has nothing on it "
cookies and <propfemale>!!! thanks mom and dad
had an amazingly awsome time in kentucky this weekend
ugg internet why are you sooo slow this morning
"so i come back to my room at 3am and find my roommate to-be shitting and vomiting in our kitchen  walk into the bedroom and my roommate and his girlfriend are in bed , but have vomited on each other  then i find out my third roommate is vomiting his brains out in the bathroom with the door locked     what a wonderful shithole to come back to    o ya i am now a brother of zeta psi fraternity!"
woo we beat circle pines in dodgeball!!!!
woo dodgeball playoffs in an hour!!!
bed time   2 weeks of great fun and excitement ahead of me
uggg have to wake up to watch the hog roast at 9am     
1 hard week of getting projects done  then maybe if time permits study for finals
"done with classes for the year, now time to finish a project, and study for finals"
this is a rather interesting read: http annoyed  www bakadesuyo com how-many-people-over-25-are-still-virgins
1 final down  2 more to go today 
"4 finals down, 1 to go "
"done!!!! 5 finals 2 days  time to relax, drink, clean, pack, relax again, and start work on thursday morning  but for now just relax"
"well, its my last night at purdue for my sophmore year  it was a good day with 3 finals, then hanging out at the house to finalize the night"
packing up and getting ready to ship out
backhome and have started to unpack  starting work at 7am tomorrow 
well today was interesting at work  we made bloody maries for 5 hours  this included ~200 handles of vodka and ~1000 bottles of bloody <propfirst> mix 
"fuuuuuuuuu, i lost the game"
"slow day at work, so they let us all go at 11 smile 0! yeah for halfdays"
well i ended up with a 3 2 this semester which dropped my overall to 3 4 :{
ya for the first of many 12+ hours work days for the rest of may!
only 2 weeks until race day!
ugg working on rainy days is sooo demoralizing
"one long long week ahead for me at the track, going to work at 4am tomorrow!"
yeah for 16hours work day!~yeah for another one tomorrow starting at 5am!
just finished my weekend with over 31 hours of work clocked
"i really like seeing $500+ on a weeks paycheck, it just makes you feel good somehow"
tomorrow is race day! starting work at 3am- ~10pmish probably midnight or later!
1 more day of work until i get a day off in about a month!
well my work finally got tired of paying us all exorbinant amounts of overtime so we got off early again today and now have a 3 day weekend!
"ironman is a hero, iron woman is a command "
at purdue right now trying to find something to do  yell if there is something going on
woo! i love thunderstorms!
anyone doing anything this weekend besides fathers day?
just made some oatmeal cinnamin rasin cookies!
why does the usa decide to suck complete ass in the beginning of every soccer game?
my cousin and i just moved a 675 pound rock in the yard
and uruguay wins!
had a great time up at purdue this weekend at zeta psi
cant sleep
6 days until the brickyard 400
listening to <propmale> kamakawiwo'ole
"this is going to be one epic weekend! friday work at 5am- late, saturday 4am- late, sunday 4am- late!!!! all i can think of to make myself feel good is overtime"
"13 hours at the track today, probably 14+ tomorrow!"
off to bed now
o god starcraft2 is gonna consume my life for a while!
"well my parents planned on having a sunday - sunday vacation, but they are coming back today"
got bored and bought a new video card  power supply ~$110 total 
"anyone want to update my bios on my comp? i sure dont, but i want to use my new video card   "
no work tomorrow!
"watch \shelter\"" if you want a good thriller movie"""
"ok has anyone had success with flashing their bios from a cd, because its been kicking my butt "
"got my bios upgraded, but found out that still didnt let my new video card work"
"last weekend at home before heading back to purdue, and it's a 3 day weekend at that!"
i do love having half days at work two days in a row
"packing, waiting for <propfirst> to fly into indy, leaving for purdue in the morning"
so somehow i have changed to a writing <propmale> from technology  two of my three tech classes are now requireing multiple long papers to be written     and i already have two other writing classes this semester!wonderful!
woo! internet in the room works finally!
just bought plane tickets for vegas!
yeah! going to work at 5am tomorrow!
"ok, so if you bring your own raffle tickets to the indy motor speedway, you can raffle off redbull bar tables, and keep all the earnings!"
"back at purdue, worked 47 5 hours this weekend!"
my roommates are unappreciative of my cooking abilities
http annoyed  www dump com 2009 07 23 how-to-creep-people-out 
"hmmm my apartment already smells like beef stew, and i cant eat it for another 2 hours "
finally beef stew is ready to eat
i love when profs cancle class 1 hour before they start     why can't they just send the email out the night before
"purdue bars at midnight tonight, tomorrow vegas!"
nothing like waking up intoxicated still
red headed strippers with fake breasts are my kryptinite   
just got back from vegas 
"hmmm 4 out of 7 photoshop pieces done for my project thursday, ugg this week sucks"
god i hate the schools printing systems
procrastination has gotten the best of me tonight
"and so the procrastination of all last night means the cramming begins, t-minus 3 hours before my exam, then project due right after"
"hmm, to study for a test or get breakfast before it"
you know its a good night when you wake up and were told that an ambulance had to come after you go to bed ~2am
"six dollar suits is playing at zeta psi tonight, get pumped its going to be an amazing party tonight"
time to start my 5 <propfemale> paper due at 7am 
done with the paper in a blazing 2 5 hours+breaks
so i would hope we can start doing bon fires now since it rained today taking us out of the dryspell
"had a good time for a couple of hours at the egyptian hooka lounge tonight, now for the hours of homework"
nothing like a little jager and redbull  <propmale> select for a good friday night 
"well if you combine all these items you receive a weapon more powerful than all of them combined, and with this weapon i am going to attack you, defend yourself with your respect! ~betty white"
i hate profs who are unorganized and do not e playful lain anything and then e playful ect everything
tomorrow the bcm job fair and then beer die tournament later in the evening
"just finished doing a job fair for ~2 5 hours, talked to 10-11 companies, and feel good overall about it  now to sit and wait for interviews"
getting an interviewe at neon cactus!
quite possibly the fastest 'interview' i have ever had
"o the double standard   \\http annoyed  www stumbleupon com su 2irgtu sphotos ak fbcdn net hphotos-ak-snc4 hs233 snc4 38986_413224331198_678461198_5093458_7769596_n jpg"
"really hating since school this week now since every single one of my classes complained about stuff this week so its being pushed back, so now next week is going to be crazy beyond belief "
like my status & i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  i challenge you to post this 
got a great new <propfirst> stone t-shirt for buying beer tonight
"one dosage of aweful waffle tonight, check!"
just fixed my first plumbing problem in my apartment tonight
"4 nights of halloween partying were amazing, now time for school again "
last night was amazing
"enjoys it when during the middle of class we had a 5 minute discussion on \i love lamp\"""""
"trying to writing a paper persuading my professor that i am knowledgable about persuasion, who has their phd in persuasion"
"i was read today in my communications class, \the little engine that could\""  will full voice changes and pictures """
"eating lunch, then writing a paper of unknown length, topic, required sources, and basically anything you need to know to write a paper  this is due monday, with no way to contact the prof  because he's in egypt     lets see how it turns out!"
"4 <propfemale> paper done in 2 hours, check"
went to <propmale> ohio for the weekend and had a banging good time!
"well thanksgiving dinner has bested every single last one of my family memebers, i am going to be eating thanksgiving for the next week  it is going to be a marvelous!"
t-minus 2 weeks of chaos
"anyone in who was in cgt 112 fall of '08 or spring of '09, all of your projects are still on the g annoyed   please go and remove them to help alleviate the completely full drive, since <propmale> obviously wont be removing those 14gb worth of crap any time soon "
snow!
"just incase any of you forgot, today's <propfemale> harbor's"
gotta love making brownies and then eating the warm deliciousness that soon follows
687: only because i am talking to people and bored  well we have definately had our ups and downs  definately feel like it has all just fallen off a <propmale> the last year or so  i would definately be down in getting chinese food with you again some time 
"done with everything, time for break!"
"time to pass out, tomorrow will be another day of fun!"
done with the airport craziness of getting 4 people to and from the airport for break!
back at purdue 
finally got to see <propfemale> again tonight!
time to start class for the day
im might be drunk    but i'm still sober 
"just because i dislike the patriots, lets go jets!"
"oh, what a great night out at the bars with the guys"
i have little ambition to go to my class today at 230
well who needs local meteorologists when you have facebook telling you what it's like outside
i do as i please because i'm a bear!
"well the packers definately dont have a shot at winning the superbowl, seeing how badly they did against the 3rd qb"
i'm really hating reading blueprints that only have 1 4 of the dimensions necessary
decision time: bake cookies or eat cookie dough
"well purdue's going to lose the basketball game, who couldn't have called that"
so far today has been the easiest day of the week for me  i can't wait for tonights poker tournament
"ended up only $5 ahead out of poker tonight, i think at one point i was up $20-$25"
i guess my apartment is getting a second bathroom installed next week!
"chumley's + extra curricular activities on a thursday night, make the week an epic week!"
well i must say that purdue has laxed itself on today  i think i have seen more snow fall between 2 classes before
ugg i have to write a paper and really have zero <propfemale> or effort to get it done 
sometimes i forget about how good spagetti-o's are
off to bed for the career fair in the morning
looks like i will be heading to <propmale> again this weekend!
trying to finish up my portfolio for my interview in the morning
"just got back from my interview with bsa lifestructures, i think i might get a job over the summer"
crazy long drive back from case western today
trying to figure out lighting  photorealistic rendering in 3ds <propmale> is a pain
just realized i only need 8 more classes to graduate! senior year is going to be great
does anyone know the course # and department for the wine appreciation class?
"getting annoyed with autodesk 3ds <propmale>, it keeps having errors and closing while im rendering"
back to the lab now to see if my computers are done rendering
damn purdue and trying to be green and automatically turning computers off in labs!
off to unofficial!
"i totally forgot what 12 hours of sleep felt like, i think i might have to start doing this more often "
awful waffle is a horrible and twisted punishment for all
"applied for a job posted in the newspaper, 1 hour later i get a call, but they never said anything about having to work over the summer "
"mmm, i forgot what insomnia cookies tasted like"
only 1 more class until spring break
"so i stayed up all night b c if i went to bed i wouldn't have woken up for my 830 class  i get to class and only 4 10 students are present  instead of letting us go, the professor decides to tell us his life story   atleast i'm on spring break time now"
who  are the crazies left at purdue tonight and want to <propfemale> out?
whats a good movie to watch on a random wednesday night?
watching lots of kung fu movies today
just got back from omaha ne
"trying to write a 7-8 <propfemale> paper in approx 3 hours, this is going to just be a how high can i get my words per minute count up to"
"i shall try to prepare for tomorrow night, by 'training' w  bacardi tonight"
green fuzz t-minus 12 hours!
mm bbq chicken legs for dinner
"omg why do i have a horrible hangover now, but not at 7am this morning"
for the first time i have gotten all the classes i wanted in the time slots i wanted
