2fd5cf88ba9c57a3d9cda58247ff8a01
i want to take a shower but my legs aren't letting me 
today was really great  i hope we can do this again sometime soon   smile 
"happy new years to you too, kid "
"aww yeah  \\ wink "
everyone's asleep  lol
"this year is going to great  \\ laugh "
blisters
"ah, rain  because of you i missed out on taco <propfemale>   "
"who said \all-female\"" bands suck?"""
   make my day why don't ya?
going through last fm   
everything on t v  sucks!!!
the soup is pretty freaking funny!
my neighborhood won't let me schlafen 
there are hooligans fighting in the apartments next door  and i can't sleep  i hope they die   
"i don't care for iron man 2, transformers, avatar, saw, nor shrek  so quit bugging please!"
i feel like a complete zombie 
can i have you?
the math part of the ged was way too easy!!!
"the way i feel tonight, i could die and i wouldn't mind "
what's the deal with all these smear campaigns on t v ? it's really annoying 
i don't know how to continue like this  it's starting to kill me 
don't stop  isn't it funny how you shine?
"i found a 5 leaf clover the other day, but nothing awesome has happened yet   annoyed "
i'm up for downers!
i'm down for uppers!
i ranked 90% on the math portion of the ged   smile 
"so much inspiration, so little time  but maybe it's just laziness "
gesichtbuch moble sucks!!!
passed my ged with an average score of 602 which is equal to a 3 5 gpa  i'm so proud of myself!  smile 
i don't need to worry about high school anymore! now i have work and college to look forward to   annoyed 
i be feeling sick 
<propfemale> is amazing smile 
"i've been \off\"" all day """
ugh  spoiled milk  way to ruin my cerial   
tell me where you're going because i want to go down with you  smile 
can't get my head off the ground
maybe i'm trying too hard   don't know if i should just give up   sad 
can't sleep   
i might get a hair cut tomorrow  i dunno  lol 
and i might start using a nail clipper on my fingernails instead of teeth  haha 
a promise is a promise  i'm not giving up 
i'd give you my lovin'  seven days a week 
"you're so sweet, girl  smile "
at <propmale>'s house  flancid and all  annoyed 
baby wipe flavored jelly bellies? really?
"i once had a girl, or should i say, she once had me   smile "
nevermind   
trust  i have it   smile 
kittens  i have many  want one?
dogs  i don't have one  give me yours 
i hope today turns out great!
i'm feeling it
i sit in the state of a daydream with all of your words flying over my head
"for the first time ever, i want summer to end "
isn't it ironic?
i'm back from that lame party  i'm really glad i'm home though 
"when i hold you in my arms and i feel my finger on your \trigger  i know nobody can do me no harm because happiness is a warm gun  smile "
i saw a guy who looked like a mexican ringo <propfemale> at the party today  with his cowboy hat and glasses and all  lol
"i've waited hours for this  i've made myself so sick  i wish i'd stayed \asleep today "
i take pictures in my bathroom cause it's the only room with good lighting  lol 
"drawing and sketching stuff right now  and don't worry, i haven't forgotten "
watching youth in revolt 
<propfirst> <propmale> sure knows what he's talking about 
i feel like i can relate to you in every single way for once  why did i ever look down upon you?
"whenever i listen to music, i'm inspired to write some music, but i don't want to stop listening, so i don't write anything "
lol @ <propfirst>'s anger issues 
maybe the only way to coexist is to just be quiet 
pullin' weeds 
"i might head over to san <propfirst> obispo for a few months, guys "
"flower, seize the hour  flower, away "
"come to me, let me hold you still  i'm so tired, just as tired as you "
feeling confident  tomorrow's gonna be a good day  it is 
tired  tired of all this animosity and b s 
my sweet young thing ain't sweet no more
"tomorrow may rain, so i'll follow the sun "
very inspired at the moment  i think writing a song will satisfy me   smile 
i want her everywhere and if she's beside me i know i need never care 
<propfemale> <propfemale> puede ser usted la persona que <propfemale> voy a decir 
si
"it just so happens, that my parents left to the police station without me  looks like they're going to have to find a translator elsewhere "
oh tits! i misplaced my journal! oh jeeeeeeeeez   
wow   i hope you're ok  i'm pretty worried right now   annoyed 
i'm going to start saving up for a harmonica and a harmonica brace thing 
feeling slow   i thought it was going to be monday tomorrow 
donde estas?!?!
"stay alive my friend, all is going to be fine "
thank you for waking me up <propmale>  now leave!!!
just finished painting my living room  it would have been awesome if my mother let me paint anything i wanted on the walls 
send me another stupid email  go for it!
lol! someone set the trash can in my alley on fire and the firemen are turning it off 
my best friend's garage was set on fire and now i'm contemplating on whether to shoot a bum or not 
"any time at all, all you've gotta do is call, and i'll be there"
something is keeping me awake  fear?
just caught the wiff of ramen noodles   gonna go follow it   
my pants need to get dry already!!! i can't do anything without any pants on   or can i?
"breathe out, so i could breathe you in  hold you in "
had a pretty cool day today! <propmale> out with <propfemale> and <propmale> and played call of duty and rock band all day!
this heat   it's draining me and making me feel worse than i do now 
i can hardly breathe 
"i got in trouble for going home late, but it was all worth it   smile "
recording some demos for a song i'm in the process of writting 
ugh   it's hot 
codas are coooooool!!!!!!!!
had a good long talk with my <propmale> <propmale>! thanks for your help bro!
ay my knee feels really sore   i don't think i'm going to be able to walk tomorrow  annoyed 
"listening to <propmale> smith and getting cat breath to bite me  it kinda hurts but it's funny, hahaha  message me or something, yeah?"
who wants a crayon sandwich??? i have extra tickle-me-pink and indian red 
can't get enough of <propmale> smith   i wish he never would have died 
woke up with the terrible taste of blood in my mouth  and my jaw feels all weird  i wonder if someone punched me in my sleep  i don't know   
at <propmale>'s taking random pictures of each other!
i need a someone to keep me up because i feel like i'm completely falling apart 
heading to gilroy!
i love you all  every single one of you 
you know i would never mean harm  you are the world to me 
another fire in my alley   
"woah!!! new beavis and butthead episodes???  surprise \\   with them making fun of the more modern music videos    sweet   "
i wish i could be the one to make you smile again 
the biggest migrane in the world is consuming me whole 
need to get another filling cause one of them chipped!
i'm looking at a hand full of broken plans and i'm tired of playing it down
you're just somebody that i used to know 
ran out of shaving blades  so i guess i'm going to make the best of it and grow a beard until i get some money!
"here with <propmale> waiting for his mom to give us a ride home  for the meanwhile, i'm watching him yell at a ball  hahaha "
i'm half way through the painting! guess who owes me a dollar?
finished the painting  now i see why people think i'm weird 
my sister <propfemale> is the coolest person in the planet
rat breath  possibly the funniest cat you will ever meet  lol!
way to kick off august  smile 
i had the coolest dream last night where i was talking to all four of the beatles 
don't need money if you've got soul
"putting my hair up in a brohawk tomorrow, just for you   laugh "
today ruled!!! i got to <propfemale> out with <propfemale>  i'm so glad i get to talk to you again!  smile )
just drank a rockstar   smile ))))))))
i'm doing a complete diet change   again  lol 
starting to get sick 
"there's nothing but hot cheetos, lemon <propmale>, and lime in my system  smile "
painting
"this smoothie   isn't so \smooth\""   hmmmmmmmm   still good!"""
lookin' around for some paintbrushes to paint something awfully awesome lol 
that's ju-ju-just excellente! oh!
"i'm itching to finish this portrait, but i need assistance of my <propfemale> brush, which i can't find, to finish it "
"rest in peace, tio <propmale>  even though a car wreck to you away from us physically, you'll always be with us in our hearts "
everything's okay    
t v  on friday nights make me want to take a dump  sad 
there's a zit on my eyelid!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had a great time hanging out with my good <propmale> <propfirst> and his girlfriend  thanks guys!
that's exactly what i'm talking about 
"it's funny how everyone's going to bed early now, but no one is falling asleep cause their too excited for school to start  lol "
sometimes i feel like walkin' alone 
"i'm never gonna know you now, but i'm gonna love you anyhow "
i think rat breath has some problems with the neighbor cats hahaha
wow  listening to the american idiot cd brings a lot of memories  awkward preteen memories   lol 
feeling like a zombie   b(
gonna paint a portrait now   a very spontaneous one   
heyyyyyyyyyyyy!!! found my <propfemale> brush!!!
is writing some poetry or song or whatever you want to call it   smile 
who wants to start a c86 indie rock twee pop band?
"man, i think i'm keeping my beard for a few weeks "
it's been a while since i heard your pretty music
show me you're the one that can make me happy 
"i got a cell phone, finally  lol "
"i named my phone \appropriate liver transplant \"" doesn't that sound appropriate?"""
b(
my cousin's staying over  gonna go binge on ibuprofen now 
shit  he thinks i'm going to work in the morning 
wow  listening to <propfemale> underground & nico while asleep sure gives me the trippiest dreams 
writing a letter   smile 
"when i see you, it's like a dream  there's no words for how i feel "
"finally, after 8 to 10 weeks, i got my free 20oz  sobe coupon  sweet "
watching <propfemale> on pbs  lol
man i miss my skateboard   sad 
i want to go see machete 
i know what your trying to pull  and it's not going to work 
this is the 5th time reading your letter  smile 
drawing hipsters sure does make time fly  lol
 playful 
i'm having fallout 3 withdraws  gonna go back to watching gameplay videos    annoyed 
stoked for tomorrow!
drawing more stuff in the notebook!!!
"wow, i guess not having cable in my room isn't so bad! the police are playing on pbs!"
"is running on 3 hours of sleep  bring it on, monday   "
"shaken, not stirred "
solution to our problems #1: read a book  then throw it 
oh boy! snickers for dinner 
great day!!!  smile ))
"gonna record a cover of \perfect day\"" by <propfirst> <propmale> on guitar tonight   smile """
"i should be cleaning at this very moment, but   "
solution to our problems #39: perform open heart surgery on your favorite relative to relieve stress and boredom 
today was my cat rat breath's birthday  happy birthday dude!
kinda wore out my capo  i think i need a new one 
jesus
"tomorrow, i'm not sure what i'm going to do  this weekend is a very messy one  haha"
going to my brother's house later for my niece's birthday
i want to watch house!
back from <propfirst>'s birthday party! lol great times!!  smile 
what i wouldn't do for a natural british accent  haha
sudden urge to paint   gah   can't fight it! bye!
"started on my painting, did chores, took a ghetto bath, and now i'm listening to some iggy pop and the stooges   yesssss"
"now that i have <propmale> in my hands, i'm going to play some tunes   smile "
fight club is a pretty badass movie 
halo: reach is amazing 
my cat farted 
really??? woooooooow   
"mind putting the volume down out there, <propfemale>? it's almost 1am "
house is on  good day 
the ez smoker electric cigarette commercial is ridiculously hilarious!
had the worst nightmare ever last night   sad 
everybody was foppin'
oh crap  i slightly chipped my tooth  haha
had a good awkward day today at bullard high with <propfemale> salinas and all her cool interesting friends 
i need some sleep or else i'm going to die  lol  smile 
she said: \sir," this must be your brain\""\"2fd5cf88ba9c57a3d9cda58247ff8a01,"blegh   no more mcd's for me x(\got a migraine from their mcnuggets  :i"
"geez, <propfirst> <propfirst> sure did get skinny  haha"
"wow, seriously?"
"i\ want to be a distinguished fisherman with a doctorate in business \administration and nursing and has a keen taste for the finer things in \life, like operating heavy machinery in public junkyards and pilates "
holy crap my left arm just died and i can't move it  lol  i'm not even kidding  brb 
excuse me as i do the technicolor yawn  d:
i caught spiderman's sneaky ass kissing my girlfriend and i beat him to a pulp with a rubber hose 
"if you'll be straight with me, i'll be straighter with you"
just got back from a pretty cool party  had fun picking on kids who threw rocks at cars and bikers with <propmale> medel 
"listening to \help!\"" during rem is kinda funny  hahaha"""
so i'm most likely starting work this week  can't wait til i get called in!!
ah   n64  smile 
"my sister's wearing a romper  i don't even know what the hell it is, but it sounds funny  lol"
don't you knock on my door  i can't answer you anymore 
gonna go play pokémon snap with my friends!
my cat just mangled a squirrel to death  i'm proud :')
lame 
"my 60 gigs of music, gone   "
"one day, you'll look to see i've gone "
painting always does good to one 
got the job  starting tomorrow morning 
 annoyed 
i think i'm going to go plop myself onto my bed right now 
"she don't need no one, and she don't need me   smile "
"next time, i'll just stay home  don't trip   smile "
"i knew all about your plans\\i really did understand\\but you didn't let me know\\i wasn't invited to go "
rad  
oklahoma!!!
work tomorrow! x)
my limbs feel like spaghetti 
at <propmale>'s listening to him talk to himself  haha
"i feel pretty, pretty enough for you  i felt so ugly before, i didn't know what to do "
like my status and i'll tell you: 1) something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2) the color you remind me of  3) my first memory of you  4) the animal you remind me of  5) ask something i've always wondered about you  6) my favorite thing about you  7) give    you a weird nickname   smile  what's on my shirt now  9) challenge you to post this 
"if i die, i want you to remember me by the letter \o\"" """
you should see my tan  it's ridiculously funny 
i'm letting my locks rise from their roots once again 
i just realized a huge chunk of my next paycheck is going to the man 
like this status if you like linking park!!1! omfg!!!1!  smile 
good day at work  smile 
ahhhh finally a day off  smile 
"spoiled milk and life cerial   mmmm   \\ -__-"
gonna head over to fresno city in a bit
its funny when you give a complete stranger your phone number  hahaha good day 
i really can't wait til' i start at fcc now  smile 
good-ass day at work!!  smile 
gettin' a debit card with a truckin' panda on it in 2 to 3 weeks!!!  smile 
"today was a really good day!  smile \\gonna go sleep now   smile "
going to fcc again  smile  cya!
you don't know how good it feels to remember you had beef jerky in your other pants   and it's still there   smile 
<propmale> is one cool cat  b]
another night i get to sleep in  good weekend so far  smile 
<propfemale> underground & nico 
excess skin   lémao 
gonna get a car by the end of the year!!!
"gonna go to work in a few minutes, yet i don't have a ride  annoyed "
got the day off tomorrow and possibly friday & saturday cause a cat got stuck in the drain and died   sad 
"well, ain't that something    "
i know how you feel   annoyed 
night sweats  why?
"went to fresno city today and <propmale> out with <propfirst> rodriguez, cristian garcia, and <propmale> lopez "
"i've got work tomorrow  annoyed \\but at least my descendents t-shirt came in!"
"ohhhhhhhh      love \\lol  smile "
absolutely drained 
"surprisingly, i have slept a full 9 hours last night  lol"
"it's cold, but at least i got an xbox 360 "
mcrib is seriously the nastiest thing to be put on this earth  x(
jersey shore guy right next to me 
please send me your bones! it's an emergency!
it's a no-win situation since they annoy or bore me when they try to function 
"yeah, i want you to fill in this void again "
"i just want a lover like any other, what do i get?"
paid my sister to clean my room and all she did was hide everything  b(
i'm gonna get going on a drawing i've been planning for a month already 
i'm getting rid of my xbox 360 tomorrow and getting a longboard or electric guitar instead   smile 
"got my money back, got rid of my xbob, and now i'm heading to my <propmale> <propfirst> mann's house!  smile "
i've survived 18 years and 364 days so far  yesssssssssss    
being 19 doesn't feel as hormonal as it used to feel when i was younger  i kinda miss it  it was fun   annoyed 
"finished recording a video with my friend horse & <propmale> the cam man  gonna edit a little bit and should be ready by tonight  sweeeeeeeet \\-grandfather clock "
lol maybe tomorrow actually
goodbye  goodbye 
r i p  grandma  i love you & i miss you 
we need another 80s 
i got the day auf 
"thought of you as my mountain top, thought of you as my peak  thought of you as everything i had, but couldn't keep "
"my nose is like a cake slop dispenser  breathing in flour all day isn't very pleasant, i tell you what    "
just finished eating fishsticks   gonna go get more  brb   
good night all  and sweet dreams  :')
gonna go make breakfast for my family right now! bacon? maybe   
first you must learn to smile as you kill 
is horsing around with <propfemale>   laugh 
stupid e key  why won't you work?
"i am   \\hungry "
playing the legend of zelda: twilight <propfemale> on my wii 
"work tomorrow  b(\\overtime pay  8]"
good night buttwipes!
"at ernestos playing black ops \\fun day  smile "
"adhd much?\\oh, <propmale>   "
this weekend has really really fun  i'm sure going to miss it 
"today looked really nice outside  good enough to take a leisurely stroll  \\rofl "
"i just bumped my head really hard on my turntable and now i feel completly braindead \\not cool "
slowdiving into space    
today was a pretty fun day  i hope this weekend kicks ass 
i just killed a spider  and i feel horrible for it 
\hey butthead," look at those mexicans\""\"2fd5cf88ba9c57a3d9cda58247ff8a01,i'll be your mirror; reflect what you are 
i don't want to be your backup plan  i don't want to be used 
"it's time for us to spread our wings, and fly, fly far away  you and i, together "
i saw it coming  and i could care less   
"fuck yeah \\it's friday   "
"tang and wafers on a rainy day, anyone?"
"gotta go, buffalo   \\see you soon, big baboon!"
where are you??
"good luck sleeping with a stomach full of <propfirst>'s jr, <propmale> "
anyone want to start an indie pop band? lol  smile 
knight!!!
easier said than done    
christmas could have been better   annoyed 
four or less letter names are the best 
bear's night  love  i got my leather outfit with 100 studs  suck on that leather outfit warehouse and your premium chained leather that i couldn't afford  the hand-sewn interior pockets are a sweet surprise  :^{d>
"i just created something on kidpix, but i have no clue how to upload it   annoyed \\ah   the nostalgia "
whatever   
all keeps skipping  kinda hard to enjoy it   annoyed 
"ah, appearantly some people don't understand the concept of irony "
friday's going to be fun  can't wait!  smile 
you're just some dude with a stilted attitude that you learned from t v 
"your standards   \\not mine "
you're my favourite fascination 
nevermind  i'll take it all back 
out of the blue   
"hit me with your best shot, kid  i dare ya'   "
i'ma get me a ufo when i grow up 
weird   a vein under my tongue got caught in between two of my bottom teeth for a second 
i'm done with everything   i just want to go to sleep right now   
i hate waiting to give someone their birthday present   i just want to see their reaction already!
"my room smells like cheerios  and we don't have any   \\   gross "
i could sure use a friend to talk to at the moment   
so   what's glee?
they should make pringles cans similar to pez dispensers  then i wouldn't have to shove my whole hand in the can and get it stuck every time 
i noticed that peacemakers are always the ones that get the bad end of the deal  and i wonder why   
those were a great 3 hours of sleep   
server   sooooooooo slow     brain    soooooooo tired     
drawing a squid
sandwiches always make me more hungry than before  oh well  night 
i got demoted from being a scorpio to being a libra   great  b(
thorns 
"i'll be able to die in peace once facebook adds a \pork\"" button """
class got canceled today  time to plan out my weekend 
howdy?
"excuse me as i laugh at that one    \\ wink "
"chimes sing sunday morn\today's the day she's sworn\to steal what she never could own\and race from this hole she calls home"
my room is about 20° colder than the rest of my house  great 
jazz is lookin' mighty fine   
aw man   can't wait to sleep in tomorrow morning 
who wants to be my flatmate?
sucking up sure does get the mood going   haha
chauvinist pigs   
i'm getting my internet chopped off sometime soon today  so i won't be on very often  call or text me or something 
"hanging out in my room, taking it easy, and listening to <propmale> young "
got a new hardcover sketchbook  awesome 
agh   muse  b[
"oh man, i just bought \the pooter\"" without really thinking about it   hahaha \",2fd5cf88ba9c57a3d9cda58247ff8a01,game shows are incredibly corny nowadays  haha
"i've gotta question annoyed \what's your fucking problem?"
can't sleep   don't want to resort to pills now  haha 
"my dad's watching maury for some reason  he doesn't even know what they're saying  he's just watching it with a big smile in his face   \\i think he's high "
comcast cut my internet  assholes   
maybe we'll meet again someday 
in music appreciation   smile 
1991 was way better than 1993 
i don't want my wii anymore  i need to get rid of it 
i feel like going somewhere but i don't know where   
"why does my life have to be so small, yet death is forever?"
today is going to be good   i hope  x)
"so tomorrow's <propfirst>'s day, i hear, lol "
delusional as delusional gets  lol
 crying 
it seems everyone's been having a terrible day today 
"i wanted to make a good impression, but instead i look away "
today was a pretty cool day   smile 
"if i don't eat at this moment, i'm going to pass out   but i do need the sleep   "
i just realized i'm always online even though i literally am not  i blame android  b(
frère <propmale>?
dormez-vous?
the world was waiting just for you   
"it's freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezing, dude!"
i think i have a fever coming in  i hope i'll be fine by tomorrow 
cramming  with a fever  owwwwwwwww    
"all?    no, all!!"
asshat 
"\beer can\"" in a brittish accent sounds an awful lot like \""bacon\"" in a jamaican accent  bricks will be shat tonight """
i got my mp3 player stolen at school  lol haha lameee   lol
"aw, shit    \\   it's late  :b"
are you serious??? b(
i could make you satisfied in everything you do  all your secret wishes could right now be coming true  and be forever with my poison arms around you  no one's gonna fool around with us 
i live with thirteen dead cats and a purple dog that wears spats 
today was good   might head to tower later!
gonna start swimming next week  hopefully the weather's great by then   smile 
i had an 'epic' fall on a scooter today and got a scrape on me knee  it was like i was revisiting my childhood again  today was a good day   
i've got asphalt jammed in my skin   awww yeah    
my phone just e playful erienced the rinse cycle  lol
let's get out of this country and hit the road to nowhere 
"if i could be anyone of the things in this world that bite, instead of an ocelot on a leash, i'd rather be a kite  and be tied to the end of your string and flying in the air, babe, at night "
i might just move to oakhurst just to get classes for college  fcc is absolutely ridiculous   
"steal some gas, fix my motor, put on my beatles tape, and get you out of my head!!"
propane!!!
ah   nothing better than playing the acoustic on a rainy night 
today seems like a good day to listen to some space rock  aw yeah   
playin' black cops  lol
gonna go take a walk  maybe it'll clear up my head 
oh i know you'd never let me down   smile 
"today was pretty rad  really rad, actually "
set for next semester  bring it on 
skankin' in my room! woo!
swim class is giving me the perma-munchies 
"today's a really nice day   smile \\wtf "
"in that case, i know who to say away from   smile "
you think your life is really tough when your daddy won't buy you a brand new car 
i just got dirty harry'd  lol
strep throat  i gits it 
it was actually a really bad case of the allergies  b(
swim is turning me so brown  haha
"hockey is badass, dude "
my nose can do a great impersonation of a water faucet 
i've been sleeping all day and i feel worse than before 
on my way to valhalla 
i really need to buy some new strings for june cause my fingers have been smelling like rust for the past 2 hours  lol
gonna live my life being extras and stand-ins in movies for free food  eventually working my way up to a starring role in an epic motion film  oh yeah   
"\i use facebook to bitch about someone instead of saying it to their face \"" lol"""
facetime anyone? lol
"i too play the guitar   but sometimes, i play the fool "
slamming the door on jehovahs feels kinda good 
i think a chunk of my hair is missing from today   oh well  lol
such a nice day today!
chick musicians are sexy 
yes i am mother nature's son  and i'm the only one 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuck! it's been a hecka long minute!!
i’m glad i didn’t die before i met you 
just got the sudden urge to watch a 90's disney channel movie 
shit i just woke up from a 2 hour nap and i've lost track of time and reality  lol
gahhhh     annoyed 
white boy funk sucks!!
today was radical 
working on a comic and i plan on showing no one  > smile 
i don't think i'm going to sleep tonight   haha
it's like she's talking directly to my soul 
 annoyed 
"i'm done with kiddy drama-ramma  \\gonna go buy myself a bike   "
i have a feeling this summer is going to kick ass 
"fudge packin', crack smokin', satan worshippin', mother fucker "
i haven't felt this refreshed in a really long time   
got myself a bike! yeah!
so i found my new outlet today  i haven't felt this free in a long time 
   i feel like shooting a poison dart at the neighbor's fucking dog    -___-
jeez smile  i sure wish i was more like <propfemale> salinas ans <propmale> valle!! smile 
"so my cousin straight up told me that he stole my game boy advance a year ago, broke it, and then laughed about it  so a whole lot of rage is boiling inside me right now  oh, and he punched me in the nads for no reason \\i hate that kid  lol "
wow i just realized how good the white stripes are 
"someone make me a sandwich, now!  smile "
shave my beard? maybe   
i actually wrote a folk acoustic song  i'm so proud of myself   smile  lol
breakfast sounds good right now  lol
ahhhhhahaha   today   lol   
listening to ?????
this is the part where i set myself on fire   smile 
fun ass day today   smile 
"so hungry i can eat a horse  \\and i think i just might   "
found a pair of authentic <propfirst> ban wayfarers on my front lawn today  i'm wearing them right now 
attempted foodicide @ home town buffet 2day 
i don't even know why i do these things when it never gets me anywhere   
hopefully going to the show tonight!
"i have other better things to do anyway, so it's alright   smile "
another sleepless night   
"off to tower, yo "
made tie dye t-shirts with <propmale> cazares and my sister earlier today and they came out sick as hell!!
drinkin' a cuppa coffee and watchin' <propfirst> 
"''<propmale> potter is all about confronting fears, finding inner strength, and doing what is right in the face of adversity  twilight is about how important it is to have a boyfriend '' -<propfirst> <propmale>"
all the cool people are awake  haha
i got bit by a shitload of fire ants and now i feel really thirsty
tonight should be good  haha
you drank yourself into slow-mo  made an angel in the snow  anything to pass the time  and keep that song out of your mind 
i'm going to plant myself a canned peach tree 
"my folks bought me a bitchin' camaro with no insurance to match  so if i happen to run you down, please don't leave a scratch!"
"i need my fix of something that i've been denied of for such a long time \\pizza "
my dog doesn't look too well     annoyed 
1st day of band practice tomorrow! anyone play bass guitar?
fjusighshsjcjahcmjsvajdmvkxvdiqhtkiejsjsjxkkdwbakcnsbcjneuquriskdkndbacon!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks to modern day chemistry sleep is now optional 
"so i was at the thrift store earlier and a guy broke down badly in front of me while he was e playful laining \god's grace\"" to me  \",2fd5cf88ba9c57a3d9cda58247ff8a01,mcdonalds is the place to rock 
school's almost here and my circadian rhythm is completely fucked 
i need more friends on my new myspace profile 
so i have to be ready for school like in 3 hours  i should at least try to keep my eyes shut for a while  lol
i'm spending about $500 dollars on <propmale> supplies alone!
"8th grade\school: cooper middle school\teacher: i had like 5 or something   \crush: if i post who on here, it might be a little awkward for her and i  haha\best memory: puberty\worst memory: puberty\like my status & i'll give you a grade "
lms
"band : cold play\songs i like: all of them!!! (i live my life based on cold play!!!!!!!!!!)\songs i dislike: none of them ( i already said i liked all of them!!!)\albums i own: the white album by cold play\lms for a band"
you can have my legs just leave my mail alone 
i saw an x-ray of a girl passing gas 
"it's a beach party vietnam \surfin' with the viet cong \cookin' hot dogs with napalm!"
