8ebdc812a996031c5c7e32bf04f69f26
happy that track pratice is over for the rest of spring break
my go online shut down please waite
my go online is not working on my slow computer sorry
got my go online working again
i got my frist hair cut yesterday in 5 years hope everyone likes it when they see it tomarrow
hating have homework again  sad 
epic fail of my day i happened to hit my head on the corner of a locker and hit it so hard that it closed and re-opened   smile 
"yesterday at the track meet i had 2 epic fails; the first was releasing the discus into the pole and yes i made a dent, and the other is that i practiced a throw and had so much force that i spun around and fell on my butt (that was just funny even to me)  though there were fails yesterday i made two personal best's at both shot put and discus  it was and awsome day "
i have a track meet tomarrow hope to get another personal best! wish me luck!  smile 
"the track meet was awsome if you like wind that blows all your stuff away ( berrr it was cold)  i got two new pr's im happy im improving in discus i got 48 9ft not very impressive but hey it was <propfemale> and im not good at discus (yet), and for shot put i got 23 2ft i like this result better next time im animing for 25ft or higher "
our band concert was awsome last night if you didn't go well you mist a good show  and a big thanks to percussion we couldn't have done it without you! now all we have to do is nail the preformance for festable!  smile 
found a stash of lollipops in my room       love lollipops  laugh 
"the stars and the <propfemale> above, make me wonder what is life for    i think that we do not need to know  we just need to learn about the people here and who they are  what do you think?"
"very short track meet only three schools gillette, kely walsh, and <propfemale>  i almost made finals for discus at 55 2ft and i threw shot at 24 6ft  it was an awsome meet and i hope to do better at our home meet on saterday "
"festable was hectic today i mean really why does it alway have to be overly complicated  well i got to hear wind ensomble and they were awsome  treblemakers did very well but man the acootics in the wresaling room suck  also, i think that synphomic band did amazingly well  wish i could have heard honor choir sing but i didn't hope they did well too  and a big thank you to the percussion cause you people learn fast!"
who love lollipops?
hope people come to the track meet tomarrow and support your friends  it is at the high school and starts at 9 smile 0 varsity goes frist and finals in throwing and some other field events    smile 
the track meet was awsome i placed 2nd in jv shot put my measurement was 26ft 4 1 2in it was a pr  i also pred in discus with a measurement of 63ft i placed 9th  if you didn't go it was an awsome day for many people including the spectators 
i got to <propfemale> out with friend to day  i guess im not a hermet anymore  smile 
i hate hate hate hate stupid timed test like the plan or act  i just can't sit still i get distracted  does anyone else feel that way?
hello <propfirst>
track meet tomarrow leaving at 8 smile 0 in the morring unless cancelled  it is soposted to rain and lots of wind   sad  i hate the wind after goning to casper 
"party, party, party  having fun in with my friends at b-day party  so im happy because i have some thing to do on prom night hope all you people going to prom have fun "
"cleaning up after prom is a lot of work! i didn't even go, oh well i did get to distroy somethings with a hammer  that was a lot of fun "
the track meet at nsi was nice i got to new pr's and so did many other people like <propfemale> a 
do you know what sucks i have my last track meet this friday at gillette  no fun what am i going to do after school?
yeah of snow!!!!!!! it got us out of school today   love 
last track meet tomarrow  i hope i can throw 29ft in shot put wish me luck!
"the track meet was awsome on friday it was a jv and v meet combinded so there was no divion between the two  i made finals in shot put at 28ft and 8 1 2in, i did not place but over all i was 9th   smile "
have you ever had a dream so vivid that you couldn't tell the difference between it and reality?
school is almost over      let the countdown begin!
16 real days before school is out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! freedom is sounding soon 
the happy jacks' concert at the wyo theater was amazing today was the best day ever!!!!!!
<propmale> epic fail i fell up the stairs on the very last step on the top  how sad is that 
8 school days left of school!!!!!! i can almost hear the angels rejoicing   joyful 
performed my solo on my flute after school today i think i did very well and can't wait to see what score i received 
i got the resuts of my flute solo i got 34 points out of 35  i also had my first softball game tonight and we won 11 to 6   smile 
the cotton is starting to fly  d: time to break out the allergy medication 
no air       dieing      too much cotton     stuid allergies  (dies of suffication) 
freedom! summer is here agian!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
running + allergies = death 
so just got the news that i'm the group leader for the 6 year olds yay!!!!!!!!!! (this also means i'm in charge of some aduts ) best day ever  go vbs!!!!!!!!!!!
the first day of vbs was awesome!!! the 6 year olds are great they are energentic and fun but they are also attentive when havingto sit still and listen to stories   smile  i love being the learder of the 6 year olds 
the last day of vbs yesterday was fun and i'm sad that it is over  i got to see music man jr  thrusday and it was so cute and the singing and acting was very good  awesome preformance guys!!!!!!!!!!
attention all band students!!! does anyone know when the practices are for the concerts in the park this year?
got a new cell phone!!!!!!! and itis not a trackphone but a real cell!!!!!!!
i now have a huge bruse on my stomach becasue i chose to stop the softball with it rather than my glove  that is why i do not play 2nd base 
omg!      an upside down flying pancake!
yay! the rodeo was awesome and i can't wait till i go to the carnival!!!!!!!
the kamikazi broke my phone       now i cant txt sorry people im out of comuications reach 
woot! i can txt people again yay! (stupid kamikazi)
i have internet at home again yay!!!! i would also like to report that yes all stroup's are weird that is just the way we are   smile 
<propfirst> and awesome looking dragon today can't believe i did it  hope i can get a pic of it and post it 
has found out that there is such a thing called a bass flute it is an awesome looking flute that is very big there are also larger and lower flutes  it's amazing!!!!!!
"if you like my status i will tell you one thing i like, dislike, first imperssion, and confession about you "
concert in the park today starts at 730 we gots cool music!
all right people i finally got a job and now it is offical my whole family works there  i'm now a proud employee of wal-mart!!!!!!!!
dancing in the rain is soooo much fun even if u might get struck by lighting      i kinda want to get struck by lighting just to know how it feels ^-^
are you people happy now there is a real picture of me  playful 
i got a question 4 ppl     why even if u dont know me that well do u like me or hate me? i noticed there is no in between  lol
yay! im finally all moved now all i have to do is unpack  man i hate moving 
im soooo confused
lol not so confused anymore  just happy
singing is so much easier now and im so glad im taking genes class 
life is so wonderful!
woot! just finished a 4 mile run i can in second over all and first girl   joyful 
i miss my dad and wish i could see him    
today is just horrible!
yay for snow!
i hate getting randomly sick ugg i feel like poop   sad 
"amazing play! \done to death\"" was very well performed tonight great job to all the peformer you guys were awesome!  joyful """
atf was awesome i learned so much and got to really worship god this weekend 
thanksgiving was great got to be with my family and have fun stuffing our faces with pie
i made all-state band!!!!
finally all my concerts are done! *sigh* i still have a lot of practice to do for stuff  no me gusta practicar para vacaion de navidad  (can't put in the accent marks lol)
"like my status and i will tell you one thing i like, dislike, and my first thought about you "
you might be a redneck if you watch the titanic for the second time and you hope for a better ending
pep band friday woot  all state is coming up last week to learn the music and get good at it yikes wish me luck 
well i <propfirst> the anthem at the girls basketball game last night i think i did well hope everyone who was there thought so too  all-state is in one more day i can't wait it is going to be a blast 
all-state is so much fun!
yay for <propfirst> pan's fight sene cant wait!!!!!
help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *sigh* i think i'm going insane
i got a puppy for an early b-day gift!!!!!!!!!!!!! her name is <propfemale>!
ok so tomarrow in my solo day im so neverous 
thanks for all the happy birthdays i feel loved
hey everyone in the musical should make there profile picture a character from <propfirst> pan!!  laugh  post this as your status and pass it along to everyone   smile 
darn she finally got all those pics on here
pep band was awesome today!!!! all of you who skipped missed out big time!!!!!!!!!
yay!!!!!! track has started again  the girls basket ball team is going to the championships woot!!!!!
the girls lost to gillette 65 to 71 in over time  sad 
having a great day i get to wear flip flops again  laugh 
"ok the same little kid from before called me, \a#*hole\"" today im really sick of that kid """
had my first track meet yesterday it was horribly <propfemale> i hat casper
concert tomorrow if  ppl want to come  i tore a muscle in my leg so its hard to walk and throw 
<propfemale>
got third place in jv shot put at the meet yesterday 28ft 5 1 2in
ugggg im sick of my stupid pulled muscle i can't throw was much as i can it hurts during practice  sigh
