cbe8d6909ef77e499f699257dab7a963
pick me!
because i wanted to 
about to feed my puppy  smile 
"there's nothng better than watching reruns of criminal minds while eating a most delicious grilled peanut butter and banana sandwhich, gooey peanut butter running down your hand all the while "
these days haven't been going so well   for me  blame it on bad luck? my pinky toe hurts  sad 
i am definitely going to watch tonight's intervention 
i feel like baking   something 
"i have to watch supernatural tonight, season finale  how am i supposed to go on without it   "
"i watched public enemies last night, it was sooooo good!"
i want things to change already 
"trying to find a job, but everyone wants someone with e playful erience  how am i supposed to get e playful erience if no one will hire me? -____-"
"fml, i'm so behind in life  sad "
facebook is seriosuly playing games with me & i don't like it  annoyed 
breakfast at 10 smile 8 doesn't sound like breakfast 
tomorrow seems quite eventful! let it be a new day smile 
i knew <propfemale> would win antm all along 
"hm, i need a life  that reminds me   "
time for a delicious lunch  there's nothing like homemade!
this weekend was a blast smile 
i love thursdays!
"my sister's face is so red right now, i know she's crushing  that's what boys do to you, hahaha!"
"pizza for dinner, woot woot !  smile "
i like it in the closet 
time to get craftyyy!
when will i be where i want to be
i am officially freaking out!  laugh 
"today is an absolutely great day, can it get any better? hmmmm   "
i'm feeling lucky?
things just keep getting better and better!
"today has another great day! starbucks, energetic safeway lady, and friends  smile "
last night was horrible 
i totally walked   2 <propmale> (?) to wal-mart   in the middle of the day   & now i have blisters  annoyed 
i actually feel productive today 
"she is so vain, i don't want to associate myself with her anymore! >:$"
"well, i'm excited now! fun, fun, fun "
why does listening to the <propmale> varsity make me sad   
my dad doesn't want me to do what i want to do   just whatever to make him happy  but i don't want to be unhappy 
cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs was funny smile 
"i need to make new friends, friends who actually share interests with me, & with that we can: talk, <propfemale> out, and do fun things together  because right now, i don't have such friends "
"<propfirst> control's noir is selling out like crazy, i hope i can get my hands on a copy!"
ahhhhhh! silverstein =  love 
going to the mall tonighttttt 
"i am so frustrated at this moment in time, i this this calls for some pulling out of my hair > annoyed "
"wtf happened to <propfirst> <propfirst> on facebook? perhaps it was the boner   -tisk, tisk-  sad "
"screw it, there's no way in hell i'd have enough money   and that fucking destroys my entire universe once again! sdhkhaghlagk;"
where's a good place to meet new people?
"oh, it's so nice to know you people care! and since you can't sense sarcasm through the computer   i think you catch my drift  annoyed "
facebook needs a dislike button 
"oooooooooooh, if only i had the courage "
"this weekend was actually fun, even though i didn't get to see allstar weekend  lots of pictures soon!"
"all new pics, leave some comments  i'll return them  smile "
"no one likes a funny girl   for long  story of my life, dawg "
monday july 12 @ 9 smile 0 = season 3 of fantasy factory! can not wait  eek!
something  doesn't  belong 
anybody want to watch eclipse with me on saturday?
"people are much more annoying here on fb than on myspace with their fucking stupid ass applications! anyways, getting cute to go watch eclipse in a couple hours "
drawing 
i'm still losing what's left of my self-esteem and i'm still watching the slow fading of all my daydreams 
"went to the mall, had fun! it seems shopping is a cure for everything smile "
fantasy factory last night was awesome!
can't wait to watch work of <propmale> tonight!
what?! it's national ice cream dayyyyyyyyy!  laugh 
"social chronology includes everyone neanderthals, cannibals, everyone"
"f you, you stupid   ugh! i'm f-ing pissed right now! none of you have any idea > annoyed "
"it's like i've sworn secrecy, but i haven't been said a thing  & this just makes me hate guys even more  maybe the observations i've made of the relationships around me have made me a big skeptic about peoples intentions   my dad's made such an impression "
"this weekend has been so awesome! i feel older, and well, that's the 2nd time someone thinks i'm my dad's wife  that's weird  annoyed "
"well, i should be going to cochise today   "
i got to read some <propfirst> wilde and <propmale> robbins   i haven't read in about a month!
"today went by slowly, semi-productive, and i'm trying not to let people get under my skin  it's not working at all "
got my hurr did  going to the library soon 
"i can't stop listening to mgmt or <propfirst> <propmale>'s \the wild trapeze\""  so good!"""
"oh, more and more i wish i lived in illinois "
going to tucson 
i really want to watch some rugrats!
gonna get my craft on today!  smile 
i hope friday will be productive 
i wish i was a guy so i could walk around shirtless 
woot woot!  laugh 
going to the college today 
gah! i want to go to the smokeout festival; 2 of my favorite bands are gonna be there 
"\& yes it seems as though i'm going nowhere really fucking fast \"" story of my life """
http annoyed  confessionsofaquietgirl tumblr com 
"i need someone to tell me where the 300 building is at cochise, pleeeeease!"
looks like i'm going to look like a dumbass later > annoyed 
i want to watch <propfirst> pilgrim this weekend! anyone else?
stab your facebook 
"tumblr is my love, sorry facebook "
"\tomorrow's food\""  smile """
does anyone else think kanye west is just a little bit blasphemous and megalomanic?
anyone want to go out for some gelato thursday night? let me know smile 
ask;'lsfk  sad 
"this weekend was great, wish i could have some more of those "
wide open arms can feel so cold   i'd rather die before i get sold 
hmmmmm   i so want to win this bet!
i feel like such a douchbag  annoyed 
i want to go to this show   but 
"omfg, my hair is sooooo <propfemale> <propmale> right now  & you know what that means  i don't want to spell it out for you guys -___-"
"oh, this convo abou the librari(m)an   bringing it all back  smile "
gotta make today a good day   i'm hopeful 
plans for the weekend! looks like i won't be fighting the weekend wars smile 
i   need to get away 
but what's so wrong with being all alone  alone's the only way i've ever known 
was and nutella =  love 
tomorro is going to be a good day!  smile 
"bitches be hatin' on me, but i don't care "
"this october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays all in one month  it happens only once in 823 years "
"got to get my brain working again, college here i come!"
let's go out tonight 
"had to write my autobiography in 1 1 2 hours, but that just gave me enough time to write my birth and the births of my 3 siblings "
today is going to be a long day  annoyed 
writing essay after essay in my 6 hour english class 
"last night was very pg-13, but it was fun  smile "
who wants to get a tattoo with me (whether soon or far)?  smile 
"had to write way too much, then working on my computer essentials homework now  annoyed "
working on my sister's christmas project is fun!  smile 
cash went in early  smoothies tonight maybe be a possibility  <propfemale> mungarro is going to be happy  smile 
"today is going to be too busy  midterm, then to the library to do tons of computer work "
trying not to sneeze when you're sick and at the library is hard   
today is going to be a rough and embarrassing day  i feel overworked 
<propfirst> posner is da jamz; bow chicka wow wow  smile 
nothing will happen in 4 days 
thanks to everyone who said happy birthday!  smile 
"new phone, finally! registering for spring classes tomorrow "
"destroya is a good song, kinda sounds like coheed & cambria "
wildboyz is the shit   
still trying to wake up   at the mall too early 
about to start a 10 <propfemale> paper on vegetarianism  dedicated to my sister  smile 
school  work  same shit different day 
"i like deep conversations, but you pushing your un-faith   sorry, um, no  everyone's got to believe in something "
i am filled with too many emotions right now   not good ones  > smile 
"you couldn't handle all of this anyways, holla!"
i am not happy with my grade on my 5 <propfemale> essay on 3 d movies  i turned in the one with no pictures   and i lost my works cited  i am struggling now  sad 
"now i know how <propmale> <propmale> feels, b m f "
i have my last final today! then new classes on <propfirst> 10  i'm excited  smile 
can someone help me find directions to the bowling alley on post?
i have no tolerance for stupidity  hopefully tomorrow will be a better day   
"almost done with my christmas shopping, i'm feeling accomplished with everything this year!"
even the littlest amount of snow makes me happy!
i've officially become numb to the world  i don't want to care anymore  i want to run away 
"we will see what i end up doing this weekend   i mean, i know what it i want to do  i don't necessarily think it will happen, though "
making a pizza run with my little brother 
today has been one of the best days ever!  laugh 
can't wait for this weekend!
"good music to a good day, hell yeah!"
"aw, man  i was mistaken  and things are weird now  time to turn this shit around "
"good weekend, getting better  stick it to the man "
bricksquad  bricksquad 
i've been talking about it alot to <propfemale> mungarro  hopefully by the end of may i'll have a couple new ones!  wink 
if i could say what i want right now   if only i'd get it  i think it's too inappropriate to post  ponder that!
"lost in a daydream  i think i was dreaming up some thoughts that were seemingly possible   with you  for years, i kept it to myself "
moral support at the tattoo shop   smile 
hurricane 
"take me to new heights  i promise i'll try not to bite my tongue   i want to sleep all day, but i'm going out   "
at least i have something to look forward to this friday 
"i got 99 problems, but a <propmale> ain't one "
making cookies soon  who wants some?  smile 
i miss <propmale> dawson's voice 
"yesturday was a good day!   considering my   circumstances  and oh, suck it up! i did  self-pity is meaningless, bitch "
"it's such a great feeling looking so damn good for no one, and making guys wish i was their girl "
"you should make amends with you, if only for better health!"
i'm crying inside for the woundedness of my vehicle  r i p purple nurple  sad 
"i could go for a <propfirst> depp movie marathon, but this rpatz movie will have to suffice "
listening to some old ass incubus  taking it back to 1995 with fungus amongus  smile 
"this is a really good album, repeat all day  but it makes me want to kick somebody's ass   "
stand up and fight 
underrated  underrated  underrated 
"nothing to do  i wish i had someone to do nothing with  but in that case, i would be doing something "
but what's so wrong with being all alone? alone's the only way i've ever known 
just got a hold of some interesting information  it's about to go down 
watching <propfirst> darko 
"fuck it, i'll wait for you "
someone make plans with me for this weekend  i'm down for whatever 
somnambulist 
i'm sad and i want to cry   what else is new   
going to make this a good weekend  we'll see   
the night is not over  you're not trying hard enough 
"oh, the relevancy  i can't not think about things "
your loss 
my dreams are fucking with my mind  i'm conflicted as to what i should do  and someone is making it impossible   crying 
my dreams are fucking with my mind  i'm conflicted as to what i should do  and someone is making it impossible   crying 
"i'm feeling rather irrational and spontaneous today  oh, fun  smile "
watching <propfirst> pilgrim  laugh 
"\i don't date people; i hate people \"" -gords"""
i must say   tonight was really fun!  smile 
"today is going to be a good day, no one will ruin it  just   watch out "
listening to angles  laugh 
"you've exhausted all efforts in me, asshole > annoyed "
i honestly can't stop laughing right now   laugh 
2 single ladies watching a single man 
silverstein is fucking sick! just watched their new video  cannot wait until april 26th 
someone message me plans for the weekend  or ask for my number and text me 
i want lasagna   
idk i'm sad  idk i'm sad  idk i'm sad  i feel like shit 
what the fuck is happening right now?!
"i'm mclaughing right now, 'cause this is mcfunny  and i'm giving my sis the mcgiggles "
happy birthday to my beautiful sister <propfemale> mungarro!  love   smile 
"lmao, i won! because you're too scared to face me  can you say: winning!"
"i know i'm not alone, just adolescents: you and i  it doesn't make me feel any better "
this saturday = village meadows reunion  i'm excited!
today is one of those days   
