ff15b12a3058b5cac3bfe25ceaae546f
tired of being sick!!!
needs something to fend off the cheating women!
needs to play more and work less
kooking a fat ass fillet    nom   nom   nom
at least one representative said what everyone else in the room was thinking
did you just see that play??
is toasted cheese sandwitches!
making cookies
uh-ooo
no more long hair <propmale>!
i disagree with <propfemale> jewelers  i would bet on any given friday or saturday night more kisses begin with miller lites than <propfemale> 
bazanga!
cant get back to sleep  not how i wanted to start my 4 day weekend!
obama's plan for nasa   fire 7000+ employees and funnel billions of dollars into private companies so they can build something we already have  brilliant <propmale> brilliant 
i would like to thank the us goverment for spending so much of my money     at least my taxes are done 
my face is sunburned from driving around all day  sad 
i gotta get a break from work    soon!
great day for the top to  be down!
bored bored bored
it's good to be home after a long weekend 
i'm happy my foot is holding out its been a while since i could log some <propmale>
boooo kicking ass at fifa and the damn wireless reciever went out
work is finally setteling down from last week
draft        beer          repeat       until i fall asleep
how do i get nats in my car traveling 80 with the top down!?!? man i love living in mississippi
bored on facebook
hooray for chik breakfast borritos
i'm paying for taking off to many days in a row   good thing i'm going fishing this afternoon
napping       
headed down the bay to gig me some flounder
i'm bored!
i'm feeling like a change
no more fishing this year!
running!
shark week!
looking at new jobs
snorks
boooo!  sad  my weekend will be over in 6 more days 
thanks for the happy birthdays everyone
life gives us walls so we can decide to break through them or turn in a different direction 
im liking the new android    so far
happy my car is finally clean
great day for the top down!
sticker shocked at the price of new shoes for my car
hmmmm fort lauderdale
has to move his office horray! can't you tell im excited
my body is not the least bit interested in going back to sleep  looks like its going to be a long day
who dat baby!!!
p90x round 2
don't forget to vote today
geeeze <propfirst> horton i only took 2 months off why must you make me <propfemale> sore
in mobile for the alumni football thing 
trying to remember how to beat piston honda for <propfirst> <propmale>'s punchout
watching my grand little brother strike out at the paino bar       funny
great weekend! now its time to nap watch football and nap 
sick     sad 
who dat!
did you know if you hold your nose closed you can't hum
your killing me <propmale>
few things in life are as good as banana bread just out of the oven with some butter      mmmmmm
great game! who dat!
is a packers fan today
just bought a kinect so i can hack it and do nerdy things with it 
if anyone knows any computer people that are e playful erienced good and want to work at stennis space center msg me 
i picked the wrong time of year to burn off all of my insulation   brrrr its cold out here!
who dat!
dirty bird can't fly with no wings!
who dat!
off till wednesday now its time to find something to do 
sushi and a movie
i hope everyone gets to work safely to work tomorrow
poor dirty birds maybe next year they will have a stronger schedule so we do have to see them get embarrassed in the post season 
banannas!
i don't get it  obama wants to invest in technology yet i'm having to plan layoffs for nasa???
awesome outside!
i'm bored
"p90x, shower, mobile    "
when i grow up i want to be one of the course operators for wipe out 
i maybe at the doc all day but i can enjoy the weather driving around
well that big lump on my ribbs turned out to be some egyptian lipids protesting the genocide i have been committing tword the fat cells on my body 
sore tired and ready for a long weekend
im going to go spend some quality time with the gulf of mexico
waiting out the calm before the storm
wow had some fun in mississippi tonight frost in a long time
i can't  sleep  sad 
i need mcdonalds to deliver right now 
packing up the car to go to mobile
piano bar yay!
mcdonalds delivers! come to me my burritos i want to show you a magic trick
75 degrees with the top down driving home listening to  mumford and sons on pandora  life is good
<propfemale> monday! cha cha xha!
