2510b65977e1a30ad62a9ae38dae9799
finds that using facebook as a distraction is not working    sad 
can't wait for tomorrow   duper excited 
loves his new tattoo!
let's be pirates and growl at the curtains 
wishes there was more to do when one is broke 
"thinks there is something wrong with facebook chat, again!"
wonders what to do with his time 
is hurting right now 
is much better  thanks for all the support  you know who you are 
is screwed and doesn't know what to do right now 
is sitting at home and has been happy with the little bit of productivity he has seen 
at <propfemale> party melting!!!!!
"had a great time last night   so great a time in fact, my body is paying for it today "
"come see me at gladius tonight, tomorrow and saturday  its gonna be a blast  block party starts tonight "
the storms are done  time to be prideful  come on out and see me  i'm at gladius!
come see me at gladius  i'm servimg beer 
gladius no cover  block party all night long and it has been packed all day  its so much fun!!!!
is just chilling at the rents wondering what to do 
sitting at home watching clueless      again   god i love that movie!
hanging out at <propfemale> mullens house tonight
its hard to stay on your life path when bad things keep happening to you 
just became an uncle again!
is sitting at home hoping his friend is coming over 
"is meeting up with <propmale> <propmale>, how exciting  smile !!!!"
"just walked down memory <propfirst>, and screamed a bit "
"had a great time, but ended so lonely   however, had great conversations so can't really complain "
"is counting chickens again, i think     "
off to the pow wow
is exhausted 
sits in wonderment and confusion 
is doing laundry  sad  
is looking for something to do   lesbians are invading 
is wondering how to fill his day 
is hoping that they will call soon 
"it's official, i got the job!!!"
loves a league of their own 
"got everything moved into the room   now to take every extra minute organizing it, and then to move in   thanks again <propfemale> and <propmale> "
<propmale>!!!!
is watching <propfirst> je taime   nothing like a good foreign film about love to end the night 
has had a fun start to the day already 
here's to hating <propmale> reynolds and mustaches
and <propfemale> just had a high five and fist moment
chanting default
wonders how a faucet handle ended up in a river
found out that a train derailed today in hager city   sad day when that news starts out your day 
my fb pictures is much like my life      disorganized   i love it 
"?this is love my sister week! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever! i love you <propfemale> w and <propfemale> reuter!!!!"
has to take a sharp intake of hale 
is making stuffed manicotti  yummmm
"thinks that it is a <propmale> improvement in someone's life when you hear them laugh in a way you haven't heard in maybe 10 years, after getting through all the addictions and stuff "
"every\person has 1000 wishes; a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i\know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be\the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of, is fighting, or has\survived cancer "
"says \tonight is the night   ready to party?\"""""
just won $230 at ti  hellz yeah
hey everyone! the place where i work - dr  kroll's health solutions chiropractic and rehab- is doing a turkey fundraiser for the local food shelf! for every new patient or referral that comes in we donate 1 turkey to the red wing food shelf  when we hit 25 we double the amount! if you know anyone that can benefit from chiro care send them our way 
thanks everyone for happy birthday wishes
is stuck at home   i love the snow  smile 
ritualistic monday drunkenness
at the saloon  finally
happy holidays everyone 
day 3 of detox and no smoking   hell you ask?  not really 
has connected to a huge part of myself i haven't seen for a while 
free hotel room and no one to come <propfemale> out
life is a grand adventure and one makes it so by surrounding themselves with certain people  now is my <propmale> to set in motion the life i deserve
thank god i have fb to keep me up to date on all things culture   pretty soon we won't need tv's or any other device that feeds us public information   wink 
wondering if this is what life is really like or is it a dream   i know which one i would prefer it to be  do you?
"i have tattoos, so i'm a trouble maker  i have curves, so i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry some times, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a crap  re-post this if you're proud of who you are!"
i like uhh      do        da cha cha
officially hate my job  hope the shoe calls back 
stupid bigots at bic
illusive sleep  how i dislike you 
i was candoodling
finished watching a western where two women just happened to only enjoy dancing together  lesbian anyone?
i remember the day i sat on your face and wiggled 
it amazes me that people really believed we were going to die yesterday  think of where that info came from 
i'm doing irresponsible things but at least i'm doing them responsibly
what is it with life when everything seems so right they all turn out so wrong
looking forward to starting school again tomorrow   it will be interesting to see how well i get things accomplished and what kind of socializing will be happening 
the shoe is a black hole of time
hates my job
"red wing became the 10th city in minnesota to allow domestic partnership registration, both same-sex and straight couples   take that proposed amendment "
"my letter is u    \something i like   underwear\something i hate   urea showers\something i love    understanding\something i hate    uglesome\like this and i will give you a letter  surprise )"
<propmale> <propfirst> dyke    oxymoron anyone?
got my paper in just at the <propmale> of time   phew 
great night with <propfemale> young
in minneapolis for pride all weekend   so excited 
way to go new york!!! what a great way to start mn pride by hearing that new york has passed gay marriage   how long will it take for mn to catch up with the times 
the first foam party ever was not all that bad   ended up being a great time 
"how to lose a friend in a day, and also the stuff that connects you to anyone in the u s  today: tell them to get off your lap so they can go and cut your new computer screen to hell and steal your phone charger no matter what you have done for them in the past ever "
when life gives you lemons    throw them at other people 
it's really sad when people you thought you knew turn out to be people they aren't anymore 
"a 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son  people call her a slut, no one knows she was raped at 13  people call another guy fat  no one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight  people call an old man ugly  no one knew he had serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war  repost this if you are against bullying and stereotyping "
with all the drama and miscommunication i am happy that everything was cleared up in the end  happy bday bean
"so at the state fair and two people are on their laptops on facebook  ethnicity? asians, way to live a stereotype "
pull up next to a toyota avalon with a really white guy and an african american guy listen to lil <propmale>  what does <propfemale> do? cracks up angel by <propfemale> mcglachlen
"as the american family unit loses its morality, the christians forget what jesus really taught us "
jrr  we're two peas in a far out pod 
"normally i would never post twice in an evening   it takes away from my other wise words  wink  however, this is way to funny to not repost  thanks <propmale> traynor, cause this needs to be read by as many as possible \\on her radio show, dr <propfemale> schlesinger said that, as an observant orthodox jew, homosexuality is an abomination according to leviticus 18:22, and cannot be condoned under any circumstance  the following response is an open letter to dr  <propfemale>, which was posted on the internet  it's funny, as well as informative: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- dear    dr  <propfemale>: thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding god's law  i have learned a great deal from your show, and try to share that knowledge with as many people as i can  when someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle, for example, i simply remind them that leviticus 18:22 clearly states it to be an abomination      end of debate  i do need some advice from you, however, regarding some other elements of god's laws and how to follow them  1  leviticus 25:44 states that i may possess slaves, both male and female, provided they are purchased from neighboring nations  a friend of mine claims that this applies to mexicans, but not canadians  can you clarify? why can't i own canadians? 2  i would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in exodus 21:7  in this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her? 3  i know that i am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period of menstrual uncleanliness - lev15: 19-24  the problem is how do i tell? i have tried asking, but most women take offense  4  when i burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice, i know it creates a pleasing odor for the lord - lev 1:9  the problem is my neighbors  they claim the odor is not pleasing to them  should i smite them? 5  i have a neighbor who insists on working on the sabbath  exodus 35:2 clearly states he should be put to death  am i morally obligated to kill him myself, or should i ask the police to do it? 6  a friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an abomination, lev  11:10, it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality  i don't agree  can you settle this? are there 'degrees' of abomination? 7  lev  21:20 states that i may not approach the altar of god if i have a defect in my sight  i have to admit that i wear reading glasses  does my vision have to be 20 20, or is there some wiggle-room here? 8  most of my male friends get their hair trimmed, including the hair around their temples, even though this is e playful ressly forbidden by lev  19:27  how should they die? 9  i know from lev  11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me unclean, but may i still play football if i wear gloves? 10  my uncle has a farm  he violates lev 19:19 by planting two different crops in the same field, as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different kinds of thread (cotton polyester blend)  he also tends to curse and blaspheme a lot  is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the whole town together to stone them? lev 24:10-16  couldn't we just burn them to death at a private family affair, like we do with people who sleep with their in-laws? (lev  20:14) i know you have studied these things extensively and thus enjoy considerable e playful ertise in such matters, so i'm confident you can help  thank you again for reminding us that god's word is eternal and unchanging  your adoring fan, <propfirst> m kauffman, ed d  professor emeritus, dept  of curriculum, instruction, and special education university of <propfemale> (it would be a damn shame if we couldn't own a canadian)"
"if a person from africa were to immigrate to <propfemale> and had children that happened to be white, would they too be called african <propfemale>ns?"
had a great night with <propfemale> dahl on her birthday 
"reading people fb posts and some of them make me sick   some of you christian people are absolutely ridiculous   someone dies and you say you could care less   where is your compassion?  is a life lost, no matter who, a life lost and deserve at least sympathy?  next time you tell me a family member of yours dies, what would you do if all i said to you was, \i don't care   i never knew them   how does this affect me?\"""""
who ever thought to keep our freedom we would have to give some away 
"i think that for all us town folk that can't make it to an occupy wall street event, we should do one here at central park   who is down and what day works for everyone?"
"i am so exhausted, but the weekend made it worth it   bed soon i do think "
"i have decided to not participate in the 25 days of thanksgiving, and have decided that i will be thankful for 365 days   thank you everyone for understanding "
