228b4a84573b92cd385319ad956b7769
"for the first time in so long, i see hope but it is covered with so much confusion  but it is hope nonetheless "
there is a male cat outside singing love songs to my <propfemale> sitting in the window and it has turned into a duet 
is bored and wants it to be next weekend already!
woke up and my throat glands are swollen  not cool 
i want it to be friday after work!!!
thinks keane is the greatest! yes that's what she said 
boys are jerks when love is involved!
just am tired of other people   
is sick of people being lairs and jerks
"people are too much for me to make sense of, so i have decided accept that i don't understand and leave them be "
i just want to punch someone in the face
i have not been this sore from work in a long time - pickle!
tonight was exciting! my new cat came out to play for the 1st time and is not on the bed with me!
i don't know where to go from here   
my mind is rarely my friend
"to let everyone know, i am moving back to nc because my family has asked me to  i am leaving portland, or december 14th "
i am not ready!
"i arrived in north <propfemale> on the 20th, sunday morning  the trip was well, not too boring   i left portland in the late afternoon on the 14th  i began to snow just as i hit troutdale and the the roads and visibility only allowed me to make it to hood river  i had to stop and get a hotel for the 1st night only 40 <propmale> outside portland!"
"day 2 (15th): i woke up to see 2 feet of snow on my car  the roads had not been cleared  so i drove an average of 20mph and maxed out at 30mph  i only made it to the other side of boise - which i should have done by the 1st day  though i did stay in a pretty epic motel with picture of a woman above my bed that had no pants on and the sink, bath, and toilet were blue "
"day 3 (16th): once i got out of idaho the roads were nice and clear  i made up a lot of time and then just as it go dark i saw some kids pulled over holding a gas can so i stopped  i figured i had 3 dogs i was good  they were kids from bend, or  i got them gas and as they went to start their car it the battery was dead so i jumped their car as well  they were super nice and greatful  my day ended in wyoming "
"day 4 (17th): i arrived in <propmale>, co at lunch time  i stopped to see my cousin who i had not seen since '94  he invited me to eat at one of his restaurants that he owns  it was amazing!! i don't think i have ever had food that good before  and for @<propfirst> i will detail out what i had "
"what i ate at duo: appetizer - exotic mushroom tart served warm and topped with shaved asiago  dinner - gnocchi house made potato dumplings with mushrooms, broccoli rabe and pecorino  dessert - peanut & chocolate icebox cake frozen layers of peanut crunch, <propfemale> peanut mousse and chocolate cream with a latte "
you can never truly know a person
i miss everyone in portland so much it hurts my heart! i think portland kept my soul   
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes!!! i love and miss you all so much!
i have bronchitis for the 2nd time since christmas  i am so tired of being sick! stupid north <propfemale> - i was never sick in portland 
i will be visiting <propfemale> next month! i am so excited!!!!
i am in new orleans until friday  get a hold of me! 910 494 9782
"i am sad to be back in north <propfemale> - honestly, who wants to be here   "
i could not sleep last night so i didn't  and i still haven't gone to sleep yet    i hate it!
it is not a myth - you can die from boredom    everything is getting cold and gray 
why can't we as humans be in two places at once!?!
the struggle of two minds continuously in conflict within one person 
working working working on my house  i am a handy woman!
has no idea what to do    i just can't seem to get a grasp
wants to go home to portland
new job: auto body chick
my brother-in-law is amazing! i went to get my hair bleached and they fryed my hair! they had to cut it off and i was so upset that he went back and made them give me a nice hair cut and free products! i miss my long hair  i cried!!!!!
going to see gin blossoms & soul asylum tonight!
i wish things had turned out different   
i am in portland!!!! i am so happy!!!!
"i hate that portland is only a vacation right \now  but i will love every minute i am here!"
my eye won't stop stress twitching  i hate that nc can still taint me from afar   
shedded the mountain - day 2!
holy fuck i am back in nc 
"so some crazy bitch was tail gating me so i put on my brakes  she slams on her brakes, then speeds to pass me  she stops her car in the middle of the road making me stop too; gets out of her car and starts screaming at me  she tells me to follow her so we can fight - bitch only had one arm! that actually happened!"
"will people ever stop complicating my life, or is it they just can't help themselves   "
didn't feel so hot so i slept in until 4pm  feel a bit bad about it because i told my mom i would help with yard work and i woke up and it is all done  i suck at being a daughter 
"what do you call a mom that's not yours?\\nocho-mama!\\best joke ever!!!!!"
mfl!
i fucking hate the legal system!
we must believe in invalid truths
fedor fight tonight!!!!!!
"i do not understand people  someone broke into my house last night and murdered my kitten by drowning and bashing in her head    luckly, none of my other animals were hurt "
migraines are assholes 
oh how i miss you portland   *sigh*
"i am remembering what it is like to live half alive, again"
"fuck them, they are all your enemies - trust no one "
the breath i take after i kill you will be the first breath of my life 
"i decided long ago to never let my loved ones know who i really am  \people want the truth but never want the scars "
"what doesn´t kill me, makes me numb  the hole you left\i filled with stones  i need you to say i don´t mean anything to you "
i have to learn to live half alive
took my dogs on a 4 mile walk and today on a 6 mile walk  it was very nice 
we believe in invalid truths
and how long could you <propfemale> on to a word?
"i'll keep this feeling in my heart  but when you look in my eyes, you will know the truth "
don't you think i could tell that you were trying to make a fool out of me
never trust anyone!
i can't wait for it to be hoodie weather again!
you are trying to make a fool out of me
"on my way to the beach for 3 days with the fam - mom, pop, cousin, sister, brother-in-law, 2 nieces (4 & 7yrs old) and me    have to drive back tomorrow for a couple hrs then drive back to the beach  oh, did i mention i will be sleeping on the floor (i brought a pillow & blanket)  its going to be awesome  sad "
i whine too much!
"i wish i could live where the sea meets the land  the ocean and i would be the best of friends  i'd make her my own, i would float in her waves  she would sing me to sleep as she carries me away "
i can see right through me   
i am just so sick of everything
my father always told me never trust anyone  it is the best advice i have ever been given 
"best statement of the day: \everytime i come to waffle house i feel like <propfemale> crow should just start blaring  she seems like waffle house material \"""""
"and who do you think you are, running around leaving scars"
i am on 2 friends' profile picture  smile 
first game of football season and they jacked it up! so grumpy!
"\never give the retard the gun\"" - rainie lowe\",228b4a84573b92cd385319ad956b7769,my girlie started school today! i even drove her on her 1st day at anew school  we have been running around all week getting school stuff taken care of  it has been such an interesting e playful erience; not having any kids at 27yrs old and then becoming the parternal guardian of my 16yr old cousin when i am 28  whats funny is most people thinks shes my daughter - whats sad is around here it is feasible 
remembering how to put back the light in my eyes
"my doctor said that i have to seriously back off the caffeine and pretty much no more energy drinks! what the hell - i am a veg and straight edge; what the crap other vices can i have, i mean give me something, fuck  damnit give me a break!!! thanks mom for ratting me out to the doc!"
quit looking at me like i just asked you to go milk an elephant!
we just found out that my grandmother has gall bladder cancer - it is in the last stage  she is trying chemo but they do not have high hopes  please send her positive thoughts 
the absurdity of some people astounds me to the point were i just have to shake my head and let out a little giggle
my sweet wonderful ferret <propmale> died last night  please keep him in your thoughts! i love and miss you <propmale>!!!
"stupid daytime and responsibilities - i want to sleep, sleep and sleep some more *grumpy pouty face*"
i am out for blood!
"\where the fuck are you? i am gonna kill you  smiley face \"""""
"\where's my knife; maybe i want to get stabby   \"""""
it is the 1st day of fall and it is 90 degrees outside     wtf! i hate this place!!!
"if only i had the money to, i would dress in nothing but vintage from the '30s to '60s!"
soooooooo    my grandmother is dying so its looking like i am probably moving to ct to take care of her 
its official - i will be moving to ct next weekend 
change of plans - i am not moving to ct!!!!!!
i wish so desperately to be able to go boarding so i can sort shit out in my head 
again and again and again it is confirmed - never trust anyone 
i am out for blood!
rollercoaster! i am in deed going to ct on sunday morning but now it is only for about 3 weeks 
"update: i have been in ct since sunday night  things are as well as to be e playful ected - just keeping focused and not allowing to get emotional so that way i can be everyone's rock  i am on the world's smallest computer  still trying to maintain life back in nc is hard, i need to be in 2 places at once - why does the law of physics have to be so mean "
how do you watch someone slowly die   
my grandmother died tuesday  it has been very hard 
"october is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! \to my grammy  i love and miss you with all my heart!"
who from westover is going to the reunion on friday?
i hate being an adult!
long story short - tried helping a drunk guy that slammed into a car with his atv  his drunk large friend grabbed and shoved me to the ground  hurt my elbow wrist and cops are trying to determine if there is enough to charge him with felony assult  oh and the guy was just arrested in september for assulting a female  real stand up people in this world!
"i was just told \i love you but there is no 'i' in team but there is a 'u' in suck\"" - damnit   fml"""
the guy working at the gas station by me tried to sell me and my cousin narcotics - and was not even quiet about it  even called out across the store to us to let him know if we changed our mind  fuck this place!
"a child says to his mom \mommy i colored your sheets with lipstick\"" furious she beat her child until unconscious  his little heart had stopped beating  in the bedroom the sheets    read \""mommy i love you\""  post this to deliver the message to stop child abuse!!"""
"\so i think the idea of total liberation is sort of like the idea of perfection  it's an idea that is more crippling than helpful \"" - <propfirst> keen"""
"the hardest fight is standing on my own two feet\it's living my life for my hopes and for my dreams\i've seen more lies than you will ever know\and my doubt is greater now that it ever has been before"
i am moving to southern california in march!
now l've got nothin' but hampers of ironing to do    and my diet pill is wearing off 
frustrated with so many things in life right now 
"\i would be so proud of you if you were a fag \"" - female trouble"""
"\pubic hair causes crime \""  \""ride it like a butch bottom!\"" - pecker"""
i don't know how parents handle it when their kid says hurtful things to you when they are mad  i am ready to cry   
thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!!
my family is dealing with a devastating tragedy  please keep us in your thoughts 
"kerby barbe was an amazing kid with so much love in his heart and what has happened is not the kerby we all knew  everyone that knew kerby will remember him the way he truly was - kind hearted, sweet, fun and down to earth  we love you kerby we miss you so much! this world will be dimmer without you "
kerby we love you and our heart breaks without  no matter what comes to light we will never love you any less!
had to get bi-focals  they are so hard to get used to!
my heart and mind are so broken right now     i wish i could just vanish
"kentucky just passed the best law ever  to be on food stamps, medicaid,or cash assistance on your children or yourself you have to pass a drug test  now every other state should do the same  if you agree re-post  people that work have to take a drug test so should they  amen    repost if you agree!!!!!  smile  this is worth reposting !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i am sick of the doubt
fml!!!
"i could have been mexican\\my dad and i were talking, he told me how sorry he was that he had passed mental illnesses down to me  i told him they are genetic and he got them from his parents \\ he said if he had known that before, he would have gotten a tall mexican man to impregnate my mother so that he would have healthy tall mexican children "
"went to rockin the cage last night  epic fights - cage side seats & i got to meet <propfirst> miragliotta!!!!   \best night !!!!!"
it remains a good thought until you throw the word god in there 
hate my brain right now   
wanted my hair trimmed a little to just keep up the style on it  got a horrible cut that is too short and looks like my mom's cut  what the fuck is wrong with people! why is it that most hairstylists cant cut hair which is their fucking job!!!!
"spend any amount of time around people you get your heart broke - treachery, hypocrisy, promise of love\look into the mouth of a person and you will find lies wriggling there like maggots waiting to grow wings"
"last night had a big fat black guy tell me he wanted to eat the flesh off my thigh and that he wouldn't even need condomants with a girl like me  and was malested by a gay male stripper tonight  wtf!?! \i am not sure what is happening!"
within the last year i have seen so much death   
moving to southern cali - i take off in 2 weeks!!!
i am so bored!!!
i am not moving - and no i don't want to talk about it 
my boyfriend just broke up with me and now i have a really bad cold  wtf!?!
trying to make it home to portland!
"portland - i have a place to live & a job, now i just need to physically get there "
i am tired of hurting   
with all the loss my family & i have endured - i need to know its not for nothing 
i am tired of busting my ass to get back to portland yet it seems i will never be able to save up enough in time! i hate working for pennies!
"had an asthma attack today and had to go to the hospital  still feel drained, sore and just crappy  stupid crappy body crapped out on me "
it is official  my moving date is april 28th  i am actually having a friend from portland fly out here and do the drive back with me  i can't wait!!!!
less than 4 weeks until i leave for portland! home here i come!!! btw - never too pityful for donations  smile 
