8e4fba90697191a452b12ddc5d7cdb9b
running on e right now    got no food at the crib
today was a great day      out with the old>>>in with new
which one should i talk too   idk
you need is a darkskin in your life
what you need is a darkskin in your life
every time i have a couple of people over   more ppl cum and my house turns into a club for sum reason   
can't be stop and won't be stop    ppl can try but will never happen
can't be blocked and won't be stop    ppl can try but will never happen
got to get a new phone
surf up   dude
look for some jelly    for my ppj
trying to find something to do today
walking this hard street all day    trying to get job to put little money in his pocket
central on fire
thinking about this one person     she making me crazy right now  what to do?
1 surprise 0 am trying to finds some ppl to play some spades
i'm so hungry
i have been at work for 30 hours straight now and still going hard   with money on my mind
having a hard time staying awake at work right now
guess the panther just need a ob to win games
time for something new
once again nccu drops all my classes   with no reason or warning
somebody was playing with my fb   thanks to my real friend that help me out 
why do i have to go to work on a sat?
i want to give a snowball fight
"according 2 urbandictionary com my name means an amazing, unique, funny guy  knows when to be serious but rarely do you see this side of him  always a smile for everyone he sees  this is the type of guy who any girl would like to marry because he is caring towards everyone  he is one of a kind, jokester, charming, loving, caring, handsome, he is all over the best guy you will ever meet in your life "
anyone trying to play spades tonight?
to night i was killing in some spades
what to do this weekend?
have nothing to do tonight    what sould i do tonight?
just ready for something new
i miss two good parties sat bc i was sick   never again
i hate all this school work; i should be in bed right now   ready for summer break
just starting my four paper and powerpoint that due 2moro
last paper last test last week    
what can i do to night?
"meeting , workout , hangout with some friends  today plan"
why is the last hour at work the longest   everytime?
the only thing in the house to eat is hotdog and pp&j  need someone to come over cook     sad 
going to work   somebne me txt score of the game
just got off work and now time to play
weekend plans: 1 haircut 2  service 3  mall or play some ball 4  party 5  sleep 6  wake up for my sunday meeting 7  sleep some more 8  party 9 whatever after party 10  finish with some good old sleep  am i  missing anything?
what to do today?
nice day to play football
what can i doing today?
good day to play football
who started this q&a thing?
i think my phone is down for the count   
how do you play the number game?
23# cool brother that i have lot of respect 4 most of the time  lol
"#1you are one of the most  nicest and well rounded girls ( beauty, smart,spiritual) i have met but you have too many stalkers… lol and one of the only girls i know my mom like…lol and u r some trash at spades"
"#75 my new telanted,sweet, nice, kind,fun friend this year who i seeing being one of my good friends"
666   one of my brothers from another mother   that is mexican i thinks???lol we going to get into alot of trouble next year but we still got time for this year lol jkjkjkjk
2401# my favorite white brother too <propfemale> with   i think he was the only white guy at the party  right matt??  lol oh my bad  lol
#777 one most mellow dudes i have ever met   need to <propfemale> more  lol
#3 one of the most cold blooded girls i met in my life  jkjkjk  you r sweet and fun to <propfemale> with and like the hair cute   lol
7 7…  you are strong and beautiful woman that i have love and respect 4…one of the only girls that can put me in my place still  lol
"#77 one of my oldest friends that i grow up with   you are alway sweet and nice to me … that has grown up to be a beautiful, fun, and respectable woman"
369   the meanest girl i met in my life   that alway talking trash to me  lol but i still think your a cool person 
"#14 man with plan    a cool dude that alway has my back  during hard times he would call or txt me and say \don't do it\"" thanksbruh  lol"""
#43    person thats going to be a good friend down the road   
got a new phone   same number txt me your number and name if you want me to have it  
got a new phone   same number txt or indox me your number and name if you want me to have it
