994ce5009fa63732716f5d4b5de44e81
good morning 2010!
first day of 2010 is closing   so far so good for this new year 
i made 30 bars of soap last night! the house smells good!  now i have to go to town to run some errands   and get supplies  it's an overcast day but i'm feeling sunshiny on the inside!  smile  take care and god bless!
its stopped raining for the moment   but there will be more   making soap again  lavender jojoba and citrus <propfemale> with green tea!
its a blustery day! gonna try my hand at indoor gardening starting today  this will be an e playful eriment to see if i can grow mesclin greens and baby spinach in my window smile  
"why is it that you know where something is    until you go to get it  i couldn't find the spinach seed, so mixed lettuces and one green ice loose leaf   i know i will find the spinach now that i am finished   augh "
were did the sun go?  i miss it      sad 
been feeling lousy   starting to getting over an ear ache and sinuses   
"am not ashamed!!! let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior  we need to get god back in <propfemale>  if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status!"
insomnia strikes again    but a least my ear ache is finally gone!
here we go again    i can't sleep    augh!
"argugh   good morning, i guess  (yawn)  my baby boy is back this weekend from ncsu, requesting home cooking!"
my baby left me again     sad    but at least he does his own laundry!
"monday, monday     my mom is driving up from florida  leaving sunshine for this?! lol  please, pray for her safety on the road! today momma and thurdsday   gradma's house!"
gloomy weather is making me sleepy!     mom left this morning to go to grandma's   just doing laundry   yada yada 
"happy day after thanksgiving!  we had fun at grandma's house, yesterday   i will not be shopping today! ha! you couldn't get me to the mall, even if you gave me the money!"
'tis the season to keep busy   
brrr   i am cold! great day to try a new soup recipe!  mulligatawny soup!
it has been a lovely day!   smile     and i want a do over tommorrow!
tgif   off to pay <propmale>    or peter    or was that paul    now who do i hit over the head?   wink 
it's been nice having <propfirst> home for the weekend    and a miracle   no fights between him and <propfemale>!  <propfemale> helped me make soaps for christmas orders!
its monday   again   arugh!
"it's been a buzzzzzy day    rabbits, chickens, goats   oh my    welcome to my farm frenzy!"
*siffle* cough** working my way back   to the land of the living 
<propfemale> christmas! hope you are all having a blessed day!
we're having goat kids!  yeah!     smile    so far one baby girl    see her first pic   
dinner?! i almost forgot sbout that     too busy holding <propfemale>   i am in love with her    he he
<propfemale> and <propmale> are napping together   she thinks shes a puppy  he's a good big brother!
"clean the house, clean the house   it never is done! or at least not for long       "
mama's  bragging     <propfirst>'s gpa for his 1st semester at ncsu (school of engineering)    3 4  yeah!!!  smile 
"whistle while you work   yada yada    forget spring cleaning were new years' cleaning!  mostly just tired of seeing christmas stuff   been seeing it everywhere since october    hubby's trying to make our front yard flat again after the pines where cut down   maybe we'll have grass this spring   please, please,please   "
"one off to school  one off to work   two goat babies bottle fed    collect eggs, feed chickens, rabbits goats, do laundry, clean kitchen, mop the floor, yada yada   and go to dmv sometime today?!   i need coffee    now!"
pink
"no snow at all, and still the schools freaked "
friday   i am ready for the weekend! hubby's had tuff week   lots of heat pumps breaking down! brrrr! <propfirst> goes back to class at ncsu monday  having a nice family weekend!
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you?"
bwahahahaha       mom left her <propfemale> logged in  laugh 
<propfemale> <propfemale>! stay off my <propfemale>!
i am glad to see the weekend on the horizon!  it's sooo close!
i sang to your mom at the dinner table because that's how i roll 
is the weekend over already     
"i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! ;~} some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate but they count too! i love you, mom!"
everyones out of the house   finally   nice and quiet!
ok    its rainy and yucky and i'm agrrivated    and one rant ( yes i know it is not like me but   )  i am sick of people who say they're gonna do something   and then not do it! and those people usually do it a lot! i call that a lie people! who agrees?
"it's a dreary monday, but it's still a happy and blessed day!  smile "
"<propfemale> and i are making mulligatawny soup and it is delicious!  (indian curry soup) the house smells wonderful, too!  if anyone's interested, i found the recipe on  allrecipes com \mulligatawny i\"" but read revies and make it the healthier way wink ! you will love it!"""
good morning     brrrr
homework is done   i am tired and i am going to bed    
<propfemale> stayed home sick with a tummy ache   she just counted my gray hairs for me   gee thanks! then she asked me why only the black ones fall out   (sigh wink      getting old sucks!   but it is better than the alternative 
on the rug!
no snow just freezing rain at best   maybe before morning   but it sure is cold!
ok   it's white   there is accumilation   but it is not snow  tink tink tink   the low last night was 31° the high today is 32° the low tonight is 16°  i thnk we are going to be home bodies this weekend 
a bronco just rolled over next to our drive way   everyone's ok but they had to get a <propfirst> deer tractor to put it out   tried to upload a pic but facebook is not cooperating! will try again later
"you have been saved by the grace of god and know were you will spend eternity   and you are not ashamed to post it on facebook then copy and paste this to your profile,,,,,"
"it's doppelganger week! change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) that you've been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status!"
go to www urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy these instructions in your status and then copy & paste what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
getting ready to milk my first goat   i am nervous  at least <propfirst> knows how to milk cows  
insomnia sucks   
go saints!
"monday, monday   "
"ughhh!  (sniffle, cough, groan   ) i don't feel good    "
my nose is acting like a leaky faucet!  i hate colds!
i need three harnesses to complete my stable   please help and let me know if you need nails or horse shoes  
sniflles  sneezes   and lots of tissues!! help me pray this cold away!
i am going back to bed    ugh!   
homeworks done    games updated (lol)  family is good    feeling a little better now that i have my alka seltzer plus cold medicine!  night y'all!
"ugh   i am back   still sniffling, sneezing, eyes watering, achy,    my nose is sore! keep the prayers coming, please! plus i have homework to do   "
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other  and make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile  married in 1989 and 2006 "
yeah! the power is back on   been out for 45 minutes!
schoolwork is done    power is staying on   everyone's asleep and i soon will be   all is well   except me   i am still sick! i hate colds    
"i have finished my school work for today    even though my nose hurts, my eyes are watery and i have developed a cough to go along with the sniffles, sneezes and nose blowing   augh    "
what a beautiful morning!  the premi babies are doing great    they are eating much better! and my cold is finally starting to get better!
bye bye v-day    
it's a lovely day in this neighborhood    hope eveyone's doing great!
good night ya'll   i am so glad it's almost friday! and my dh is taking two vacation days for a long weekend   time to plant those blueberry bushes!
enjoying time with my hubby while he's taking some vacation time    today felt like a saturday   
"ok   time to get to work on this house    ugggh! don't cha' love house work, it never ends!"
been a long day    yawn    
"had a long weekend with my dh and now he's back to work    sad   but we had a productive weekend   9 fruit trees planted, many pine trees cut down, made some nice soaps, too   still have to put those blueberries raspberries and grapes in the ground, but we'll have fruit   in a few years       annoyed \   oh and two litters of bunnies   14 easter babies!"
i am so glad this day is over    
"it has been a busy day, but a good day! hope everyone is happy and blessed   good night!"
"week 8 (out of 9) in my classes   i am still maintaining my a+ averages, but it's getting tougher!! say a pray for me please!!"
"if you have a wonderful husband that works hard to provide for you and would do anything for you and your family, then repost this as your staus to give the honest, well-behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve     because great men are few and far between, and i have one "
ok   new classes   new stress  but its all good   nite y'all 
i got my final grade in english today    98 5!!! yeah!
"husbands week!: if you have a husband who is your best friend and who has been with you through thick and thin, who has been a blessing in your life and who you are proud to be married to, post this on your status "
ok    a quick hello and off i go    good night    
too busy to linger here long    hi everyone!
thinks its too hot for may   is mother nature having a hot flash???!!!
finals   aurgh!
keep those prayers coming    its finals time again  i am so tired    g'nite y'all 
"i'm finished    all my final projects are in! now, the wait   "
yes! final grade cis 105:  98 a  happy happy joy joy!!   smile 
"my grades are in!! cis 105 final-100 course-98 eng 102 final-98 course-94 3   yeah!!!!!  i am so hapy!  smile \<propfirst>'s gpa for freshman yr at ncsu (engineering school) 3 55!  yeah!!!!"
"no matter what life hands us, just remember   life is not about waiting for the storms to pass - it's about learning how to dance in the rain \"",2010-05-30 18:44:22""",994ce5009fa63732716f5d4b5de44e81,"ok frontierville   why do i have to pay 36 pieces of pie to \buy\"" a \""light snack\"" ???  why can't i just eat a piece of pie?!?!"""
"everyone>  please keep my sister-in-law, <propfemale> griffin in your prayers today   she is currently having liver transplant surgery, as a liver came available for her this morning   god has already answered our prayers by providing a transplant for her   now we need to continue to pray for her continued recovery and long life  thank you lord for all you have done and continue to do for us daily!"
"yes! my aed 200 & hum 205 finals are over!!! i am so relieved!! now i have to wait for the results of all this work   tomorrow i start my new batch of classes; aed 201 and his 135   this aught to be fun     annoyed   oh well, no rest for the weary  night everyone "
"is getting ready to make homemade goat milk yogurt for the very first time   i hope it turns out well   i think i'll make some with regular milk, also; to compare the differences "
final grades aed 200 final 250 250 and 97 4 for the course   hum 205 final 235 250 and 93 4 for the course   i am happy  smile 
i am getting ready to make some soaps   maybe i'll try a new recipe  definitely have some new scents i need to try 
"ok, something is wrong here   i am lying on the living room floor with my laptop   i finished my schoolwork, and checked fb and then i hear <propmale> (choc  lab) snoring on the couch?!  that dog has it too good   "
<propfirst>'s gone back to ncsu    sad   knew it was coming but still miss my big baby boy 
first day of school and the house is so quiet    
"its a \where the %$#@! is the chocolate\"" kind of day   """
"if\ you believe in god, repost this  please don't ignore  you are being \tested  for it says in the bible, \deny me in front of everyone and i \",994ce5009fa63732716f5d4b5de44e81,"is  unavailable  please leave a message after the snore and i'll get back to you when i get up, thanks   "
"i really hate history   but my homework is done with only 30 minutes to spare   pushing my luck a bit  only two more weeks, though "
"-it's a beautiful day, <propfemale>'s off to school, <propmale>'s about to leave, and soon i will find that last hour of sleep i was missing   <propfemale> <propfemale> "
"yeah!! i made a perfect score on my his 135 final and a 96 8 final grade! i am so relieved!  now i am waiting on the aed 201 class   say a prayer, that always helps!"
"made some homemade cpop laundry soap last week which i used to make homemade laundry detergent   it turned out great  scented with fresh linen fo  all natural, and works like a charm   planning to start selling some if anyone's interested  i have 6 bags, and each is enough    "
getting ready to watch the the season premier of glee   yeah 
"sinuses are giving me a fit today!  i hate fall allergies, but i love fall weather   so were is the fall weather?!"
"your\ daughter will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your \heart for a lifetime  its \national daughters week\"" so if you have a \",994ce5009fa63732716f5d4b5de44e81,my aed 201 class grades are in    250 250 on my final paper and a 98 3 final grade!  yeah!
"ok   never thought i'd say this, but   i have had enough rain, now   we've already had 6+ inches and the news reports are predicting 5 more tonight and tomorrow   many surrounding counties have closed school tomorrow; bladen co  is on a 2 hr  delay so far  <propmale> (choc  lab) hates rain and will not go unless we go out first and then has to be severely coaxed "
i like it on the floor 
"i caught a flounder and <propfirst> caught a flounder and a spot  my first ocean fish, yeah "
back to the grindstone with school   i am taking math and history this time   oh joy    (sarcasm)
"this\ is cancer month  in memory of every cancer patient, family member &\ friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those who\ continue to conquer! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has\ had cancer    "
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!! i had a great birthday!
it's mommy week! repost this with the time and date you first became a mommy;  <propfirst> griffin 4 19 91 9lbs 6oz 
does anyone know if the spots are running yet??
back to the grind-stone    i still hate math   
"my baby girl is 18 today   where did the time go  and soon a grandma, too   i feel old "
gotta watch glee!!!
finish my homework and now i am going to try and get some sleep    
"it's 3 in the afternoon and the whole house is asleep?!  <propfirst>, <propfemale>, eddie   even the dog and cats are napping  must be siesta-time    "
"   inside every older person is a younger person saying, \what the hell happened?!\"""""
"four new goat kids!  <propfemale> had them sometime early this morning!!  pics in the hobby album, better pics to come tomorrow "
"thinks that judging others comes from insecurities & misery within yourself  for when you start to be happy, you'll try to see only the good in everyone else "
"if\ you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world    who \isn't perfect, but is perfect to you    who works (very) hard and would \do anything for you    that makes you laugh and drives you crazy    who \is your best friend    who you want to grow old with    and who you are \thankful for every day    then post this as your status ?"
nytol   
"your\ daughter will hold your hand for a little while, but will hold your \heart for a lifetime  it's ~ national daughters week ~ so if you have a \beautiful daughter that you love with all your heart, copy and paste \this to your wall "
"pops, our new male american guinea hog is here   he's adorable and checking out his new diggs "
"g'nite     or g'morning   depending upon your perspective   it been a long night for me, and a mediocre grade on my algebra quiz   blahhh ;\\"
"finals for algebra and history are over   made 95 on the algebra final exam, a- for the course   so glad that's over  yuck   no word on the history final but i feel good that i maintained the a average   now on to the next algebra class and biology with lab  this is gonna be fun (sarcasm)   thanks for the prayers guys!"
"sometimes it help me to remember we are all imperfect humans   we will all disappoint, irritate , and hurt each other from time to time, even when we strive not to   instead of getting angry, hurt, frustrated, or start to act judgmental, we should offer understanding, love and forgiveness   we have all fallen short of perfection    "
"<propfirst>'s fried turkey was a success!! - and grandma's sausage dressing with all the fixin's ! - duplin christmas <propfemale> wine    oh, we are lazy bunch, now!"
"is going to be a grandma  <propfemale>'s having a baby today  driving to the hospital through the 4\ of snow  <propfemale>'s already there and they say it won't be long  <propfemale> <propfemale>'s making an early appearance   she was due to arrive january 27th  prayers would be greatly appreciated!!"""
6 lbs  6 oz  all is great!
\if you don't like something change it   if you can't change it, change your attitude  \994ce5009fa63732716f5d4b5de44e81,"two more soaps, citrus <propfemale> and scarborough fair   "
g'night fb
just bought a new dairy goat!  i am so excited!  cosmos is a adga registered alpine that's bred and due to kid in march  she is so sweet and we are looking forward to more goats milk this spring! pictures coming tomorrow 
"mostly a beer girl, but every once in a blue <propfemale>, it's a liquor night  wink "
happy my internet is fixed    but my a average bit the dust   
"i've carried a child within my body  slept with a baby on my chest  i've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts  i've been puked on, peed on, and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor    or blessing!! post this as your status if you are proud to be a ? mom ?"
"i must say, that was a cool vw beetle commercial"
"yeah,  green bay!!!"
girl scout cookies!! yay!
<propfemale> is getting so mad that she is snorting   lol   she doesn't want to be burped when it interrupts her feeding 
"<propfemale> made russian potato, mushroom and leek soup and it is wonderful!!!"
sugar glitz-shock
holding my grand-baby <propfemale> at 3 in the morning   she's so adorable 
is about to start her algebra final exam   start praying!!
final grades are in     mat 116 = b+  bio 100 = a-     that will do   gpa is still 3 83   smile 
"<propfemale> has been very colicky but <propfemale> found something that works to calm her down, beethoven and dancing   <propfemale> loves it; especially the music!"
alli has learned to coo and grin and its not just gas!  i love being a grandma!!
i love having a daughter that cooks so well!  thanks <propfemale>! xoxo
come on bachelor   enough already with the commercials!  em and brad    please!
i sang to your mom at the dinner table because big bird said to and he's my leader 
"dear congress   last year i mismanaged my funds and this year i cannot decide on a budget  until i have come to a unified decision that fits all of my needs and interests, i will have to shut down my checkbook and will no longer be able to pay my taxes  i'm sure you'll understand  thank you very much for setting an example    we can all follow    repost if you agree"
tornado warning in northern bladen co  until 4:15 pm  already seeing 37 mph winds  prayers are welcome!!
my crazy neighbors in the trailer park across the highway are hanging out on theirfront porch stoop with lots of lighting and high winds ?!  nuts!!
arggh   classes are getting tougher   but i will make it  only 25 more credits to go   
"planted my <propmale> garden today, including a bay tree bush, dill, <propfemale>, thyme, thia <propmale>, regular <propmale>, lemon grass, marjoram, cilantro, parsley, oregano and chives   some flowers and shrubs are put in the front beds, but more are still to come along with 8 new raised vegetable beds   spring has sprung!!  pictures later, once everything's in its proper place  wink "
"the greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe with your heart  ? happy easter!"
"yes, i am going to watch the <propmale> wedding   it starts in 40 minutes   i watched <propfemale>'s and i am going to watch <propfirst>'s, too;  and i am not ashamed to admit it! so there "
"my curfew was the street lights  mom didn't call my cell, she yelled my name  i played outside with friends, not online  if i didn't eat what mom made, i didn't eat  hand sanitizer didn't exist, but you could get your mouth washed out with soap, your butt spanked and it was ok for the other neighborhood mamas to scold you if you did something wrong  ~repost if you drank water out of a hose and survived !!!"
"in honor of mother's day we're trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till may 9  i did and so have several others  if you will and like this idea, please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb  i love you mom!!"
