dbb67e936b730bb2716fedbd4d3df5c5
happy new year's everyone!
"hey question for all of you farmers in farmville  how do you get farm bucks, other then by paying for them?"
"prayers are needed for 12yr old avi <propmale> <propfemale> who, after a serious car crash, is now in a critical coma  please change your status for 1 hr so more people can become aware and add to the prayers  we would do it for your child, please do this for somebody else's son  thank you "
"morning ya'll, hope you have a good saturday!"
"okay, deal with me here  i don't normally do this, but today's a little different  just raising a glass to 11 years of being a family and to having many, many more years  congratulations on your annivesary mom and dad "
"thanks everyone who sent the things on my wishlist, much appreicated!"
"8 years ago, we learned of our vulnerbilities and our courage  now, it seems both far away and close at hand  m y heart goes out to the familes still reeling from 9 11 and a request that we all take a moment and remember those that taught us courage "
g'afternoon facbook friends!
"finally, i've been acceptied into the <propmale> institiute of <propmale>  wheew!"
"today, i get my school schedule  time to find out how many late owl nights i have left before i start  also, my prayers go out to <propfirst> swayze's family  a great actor and a great man  he will be missed "
"if you are reading this, and even if we don't chat that often, please write (below), one single, unique word that would describe me according to you  once done, copy this paragraph, as i did, on your status    you might be surprised to read the responses received  thanks!!"
shopping day! there's a gift card burning a hole in my pocket and i'm tired of smelling smoke 
"g'morining all, have a great saturday!"
hope everyone is having a good sunday  the last day before school starts 
today's the big day!
"new week means restart  oh and, 5 flights of stairs is alot of stairs!"
rainy monday  where did i put that umbrella?
night ya'll!
morning ya'll!
"hey ya'll! i might be one of the few to like midterm week, little homework and classes end early  too bad it all starts up again tomorrow "
"morning all, ready for monday?"
"morning all and a huge thank you to all our veterans and active duty out there  as the daughter of a veteran, i'm especially grateful for all that you have done  god bless you all "
"morning ya'll, how's everyone doing on unlucky friday?"
"morning ya'll! homework and class today, yippiiee  hey, anyone wanna help??"
an afterimage occurs due to fatigue in the <propfemale> sensors (cones) in our eye 
"angellet's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for god and admit that jesus is their savior    we need to get god back in <propfemale>    if you're not ashamed, copy and paste this in your status"
"morning all, how are ya'll doing? we have snow in texas!"
"dear god, so far this year you have taken away my favorite dancer, <propfirst> <propmale>    favorite actor, <propfirst> swayze    favorite actress, <propfemale> fawcett    favorite comedian, dom deluise    favorite pitchman, <propfirst> mays    and favorite sidekick, <propmale> mcmahon    just so you know, my favorite politician is barack obama  thank you"
back home! hope everyone had a great christmas!
"hey all, how's everyone doing today? got my wow account back, so i'm probably going to be on there later "
happy new year's everybody! may 2011 be better then the decade before!
"g'night all, though i probably <propfemale> around facebook a few minutes before getting off  had a movie day today, while i didn't finish the dark knight, it was definitely good  daybreakers   wait for dvd  sensitive stomachs needs to avoid it too "
"this whole social life thing is so new for me  last night had a date with a guy from my class (the same one who brought me to the movies)  went bowling and finished dark knight, and saw the six episodes out right now of the astonishing x-men  today is quiet day at home playing on facebook and wow "
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>!?
"i just like this but i do want to saints to win so    favre on the ground, favre on the ground, looking like a victory with favre on the ground   helmet turned sideways, turf in his mouth, looking like a victory with favre on the ground! copy and paste to your status if you're a saints fan! who dat"
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure, but for acceptance         93% of people will not copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that posts this as your status for at least an hour "
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment
"who dat that are the superbowl champions! the saints, that's who!??"
morning ya'll!
happy <propfirst>'s day ya'll!
"well just a recap: passed, a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it, passed by a congress that exempts themselves from it, signed by a president who smokes, with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes, and to be overseen by a surgeon general who is    obese! better yet, is to be financed by a country that is broke "
"bra colors made facebook news but will this? lets support our firefighters, paramedicsand police  if you support our firefighters, paramedics and police then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!! this should appear in everyone's status! god bless our firefighters, paramedics and police!!"
"thank you everyone for the well wishes!!! it means alot, probably more then you know "
"hi everyone, i want to warn people before i start, but i no longer have the time to play the facebook games like i used to, so i'm pruning my friends list  if i don't know you outside of games, then don't take it personnally but you will be removed  thank you for understanding "
"let me get this straight: <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really??    feel free to copy and paste if you agree"
morning all!
"mom and i celebrated cinco de mayo by eating at brisa's, a mexican resturant we love over by us  now, to do drafting homework, fun fun "
"<propfemale> ericson needs our prayers for a fb friend's daughter audrin <propmale> and her family in prayer today  her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post  even if you don't know her, god knows   please post this    to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl and give everyone you know the opportunity to do"
"a signature i saw on a forum, that i thought was true \\to some, blessings as beautiful gifts dropped in your lap in perfect packages  to me, it's more like god handing you a paper clip, a shoehorn, 2 gumdrops and a spork, with a note that says, be creative "
\an insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body," but an evil friend will wound your mind \""\"dbb67e936b730bb2716fedbd4d3df5c5,"good morning all    gotta love morning classes  but i an happy that my grandma could make it in  also, very belated mother's day to all the moms, i didn't get on much yesterday  sorry!"
"drafting homework is not fun, i can't wait till i learn autocad!"
happy saturday everyone! hope it's a good one!
happy memorial day! thank you to all of our veterans and current soldiers for all that you do!
happy father's day to all the fathers out there!
"welcome to the united states of america   please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the american soldier \one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree   copy\and paste in your status   "
"i'm a bitch!!! unfortunately most women won't repost this    i make mistakes, i'm crazy, occasionally out of control, i'm emotional, and at times i'm hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst, you sure as hell don't deserve my best! (if you're a bitch, repost this! i dare you   )"
happy fourth of july ya'll!
"okay confession time: for all that i've made fun of twilight, i finally broke down and watched the first movie      and i really really enjoyed it  get me the team <propfirst> shirt!"
*sniff sniff* vacation time is over and today is the first day back to school  already finished my first class of the semester in fact 
"registered for classes next quarter   am i the only one, or do others prefer to do it on their own rather then with a counsler?"
"*crossing fingers* i cooked dinner tonight tonight  homemade chicken nuggets, <propfemale> mustard dipping sauce and sweet patatoe fries (bag from store)  hope it all comes out good "
i like it on the floor   smile 
"there is only one sin, only one  and that is theft  every other sin is a variation of theft   \when you kill a man, you steal a life  you steal his wife's right to a husband, <propmale> his children of a father  \when you tell a lie, you steal someone's right to the truth  \when you cheat, you steal the right to fairness \ \\quote from \kite runner\"""""
i've gone to fallen london! http annoyed  www fallenlondon com
"that grows from nothing in a day    lives only as a sapling, dies just at its prime, when good me    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 354625"
you may have heard that milliners tend towards insanity  the hat makers of the neath are the madd    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 354657
"ahhhh-choo!!!        ?(-???•?)?    ifyou are allergic to fake friends, bullcrap, drama queens, head games, liars, two-faced people, sh** stirrers & down-right nasty pieces of work          keep this sneeze going      i'm looking forward to see who will re-post this!!"
"a politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier once in 6 months  a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra rations  a politician    vows to defend their country; a soldier    actually keeps that promise  \repost if you support our troops\"""""
"a haunt of poets, prostitutes and other low types, and location of the notorious singing mandrake    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 361937"
"certain of the masters of the bazaar - mr stones, mr apples and mr wines, and possibly others - s    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 365420"
"some say the <propfemale> is a vicious, fanged flower that will bite anyone who gets too close  some    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 367944"
purportedly the cats of the city know a secret or two  the common tabbies and gingers can convey     http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 368422
you may have heard that milliners tend towards insanity  the hat makers of the neath are the madd    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 371743
"please\put this as your status if you knew or were related to someone killed \on the death <propfemale> when it was obliterated by the alliance  our hope is \that people will understand that the alliance is a band of murdering \scum  the empire wants to bring order to the galaxy, but the \alliance continues to kill imperial officers  93% won't copy paste \this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
scholars find the <propfemale> a very fruitful subject  its strength as metaphor is e playful lanation enou    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 374608
the second of feducci's illegal fighting rings is the ring of roses  the loser is the first     http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 374668
"a lady of style, grace and refinement, whose salons may be the best-attended in fallen london  ju    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 380057"
happy halloween everybody!
"death is not always permanent in fallen london  old age and disease still take their toll, b    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 383884"
they say it's the letters that <propfemale> wrote to menelaus in the years of her imprisonment  the    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 386185
"the quarter is the last remnant of the fourth city, which the bazaar acquired five hundred y    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 387373"
"how to relieve the tedium of the warm season, when condensation drips from the roof of the c    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 388247"
"like all great cities, fallen london has its ladies of negotiable virtue  the wiser ones wor    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 392096"
never mention the second city to the masters of the bazaar  mr wines will look at you narrow    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 396110
does anyone know of anything going on <propmale> that's cheap?
"residents have been known to say 'since the fall', to mean, not the biblical fall, but the descen    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 403090"
i think i officially hate my laptop  a: it crashed 4-5 times in trying to play wow  in 30 minutes or less  b: it will not update this little update for about a month now  c: i keep getting the comcast sign up screen about 6 out of 10 times i open internet e playful lorer  i think this will be the last time i buy a computer off of somebody 
"a haunt of poets, prostitutes and other low types, and location of the notorious singing man    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 408040"
the stolen river that flows into the unterzee - the one they used to call the thames - passes thr    http annoyed  fallenlondon com c 412447
is it wrong to e playful ect people to have picked up everything they're going to pay for by the time they're in checkout?
"allrighty  all registered for next quarter's classes, and i'm being an underachiever, 4 classes lol"
"allright off to watch the cma's, see you later!"
"poetry time!\\black hole,\black spiral\\down\\down in the rabbit hole\\reality\\sanity\\fantasy\\insanity\\two sides of one coin \\left brain\\right brain\\but what if \\the coin is broken?\\tumbling out of control\\spiraling down\\look at the abyss\\looking at you "
"yayy, back home again, hope everyone had a good thanksgiving!"
"you know something, i see alot of talk about watching movies and tv shows on ipods and phones, and that is all good and dandy  but i see two big problems with it  a: the screen is too small (imo) to really see anything, and b: how do you watch a show or movie with somebody else?"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same "
what is this number game that i've seen people talking about? it doesn't require math right?!
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country   \\usmc cpl  <propmale> <propmale> died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx  24 hours after new of his death   \\god bless        rip umc <propmale> <propmale>!!"
"okay, i know this might be a surprise to  everybod), but i've been doing alot of thinking  i waste alot of time doing the games on fb, time i would rather spend doing my writing, improve on things i need for school, etc  despite all the time i've put in and the games i've started recently, i'm quitting them all   i will also  unfriend everyone who i friended just for the games "
anyone thinking about new year resolutions? or waiting til after christmas to do that?
"one thing i've noticed since quitting all the fb games, i can keep up with the news feed <propfemale> much more easily "
and christmas vacation starts     now!
"okay, just throwing this out there to get some ideas usually the id program at my school have a bake sale each quarter to raise some money for the program  i found out from the head of the bake sales that we won't be able to do them anymore so we're having a meeting on the first week of next quarter to figure out a new plan "
"finished my christmas shopping for now  that's the good thing about having little to no money, it makes it easier to shop in a sense  that and having a short christmas list "
"damn, no lunar eclipse for me, i jsut walked the dog around and i tried to look for the <propfemale>, no go   sad  i saw the <propfemale> earlier so i think cloud cover is to blame  guess it's all good though, since i'm tired as all get out "
"does anyone eat congealed salads, yanno the ones that are made with jello and stuff in the jello, including cream cheese and mayo? or is it just for looks? my grandma sent us a copy of her church's cookbook and they have a whole section of these   which just sound yuck  "
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
did u know?? it takes 7 sec for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a hair holds 3kg  the length of a penis is 3x the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than a man's  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made u smile 8-o
