06cc5cbc858b1737993d23ce6dcf2255
so     friday was very good    it overflowed into saturday morning too    for now i'm going to see if this sorority sisters app is as silly fun as it says it is
don't wear fear or nobody will know you're there   
"a quote from 2 mins ago: \god i hope that's the pizza man or at least not the mormons again\"" - ha!      no offense """
recommends visiting the voodoo club at rio just for the view    beautiful!
k    so i'm at a hotel    tonight anyway  i'll try camping tomorrow  for now i need some sleep! hope you all enjoy the photos  smile 
oooo    my head  why did i not have a problem with the altitude at 6000 ft in colorado springs but now that i'm at 9000 ft near gunnison i have a stake through my head that is heavy and making it difficult to keep my head up?
is sitting on a nice couch with <propfemale> and <propfemale>    what to do    relaxing is nice : )
is spending her first sunday in a serious football fan home and has watched more football today than she has in her entire life  eventually i'll learn and like 
"is finding it hard to work on the laptop when she is facinated by the weather    shorts and tank top yesterday, 34 deg and snowing on the hills nearby today "
sigh     still working on the laptop  i hope i get to play outside tomorrow  temp is rising again and should be mid 60s to 80 deg by sat  sun    snow    sun     : )
lots of wind today! still on the laptop 
is getting close to having a job     feeling it
is feeling better and is going to see a concert tonight - state radio at the black sheep!!!
is happy! really truly happy!!! wow     what drugs am i on again?
first day in training washing dogs    well at least i hope it's not another day spent at the computer doing online training  with any luck i'll get to pet a few dogs tomorrow 
alright! i'm so spoiled - my first doggie wash was a cocker spaniel puppy named <propmale>  puppy kisses! so cute! remembering our family cocker spaniel named pepper and our cat named <propmale>    and there were baby guinea pigs today too!
is ok : ) <propfemale> let me use her computer  thank you all!! i think i'm leaning towards food service bartending and one of the other options  hmmm     love you all! : )
is tired of coughing  big surprise - the weather changed again (in the 60s now) and i'm sick again    argh  but it's nice wearing tank tops and sandals 
is excited to get her tax return next week! half to new massage therapy school and the rest to credit card    : b  just waiting for this cold to leave my lungs sinuses so that i sound decent enough to be interviewed for a restaurant position 
"is happy she was smart enough to go to a verizon store only 1 2 hour before they close to talk to the tech guy (for the second time this week)  this resulted in him not being able to get to me and another (less of a smartass, assuming everyone is an idiot, bastard) guy helping me  ding    new phone to be delivered tues "
wants to make sure that people know that my phone is not cooperating  so if you send me a text i may or may not get it and i very likely won't be able to return a text back  i think i'm receiving phone calls but it is very time consuming to try and call you : )
"is sooooo glad (unfortunately    sorry family) that i am not in cali for easter     earthquake  surprise   ahhhhhh!!!!!!  i would have been crying! everyone is good though, right?"
has to wait just 10 more <propfemale> to have a working phone    ahhhh
phone is good and now it's off to do errands before going to play poker
"played poker    not so well  then played consolation table, was last three and met interesting people    peeps are the important part fun!"
is gonna watch the fourth kind tonight    alone    wish me luck    aliens are the only thing that gets me    (shivers)
"the fourth kind    k, so you don't see the abductors so not as bad as it could have been for me but    sigh    one of my fingernails is going to take a month to return to a normal length    it's painful how much i unknowingly bit off  haven't done that in a very long time "
is lh(her)ao!!! my (ex) boy has people telling him when i go play poker that i have guys all over me!! haha!!! i am was an angel for that little spoiled brat    but this is fuuuuunny    and now the games begin   
to san <propmale> family and friends    one republic will be playing at the <propmale> mar fair july 2nd  probably a good show  i might try to see them in <propmale> in may 
"is enjoying a night with my true love    music    watching crash kings, onerepublic, drake, timbaland, them crooked vultures, some queens of the stone age, iron and wine, gotta catch up on gomez and pinback videos tracks     all the good stuff that i have been missing over the last couple years "
"was tipped $25 bucks today for washing doggies and is gonna spend it going out with the gals from work, yay beer! bad me   "
is finding that nearly every other person she meets in co grows weed    medicinally of course  i didn't understand why this turned me off from talking to these people    i mean i like flowers and plants too but    i realized last night that they are obsessed with growing and that is a majority of what they talk about   zzzzzz
"is excited to start massage therapy class tomorrow    oh, guess i should go to bed "
"is happy her face is a bit less puffy today    ahhh, appreciating the little things in life"
can guarantee that anyone that wants a free massage between now and march 2011 will probably be able to get one from me  just make sure you catch me when i'm in town ; )  i have a ton of practice i have to do! yes    i'm buying friends now    haha
"is loving massage therapy! it's fun to see how much people get out of even just a 30min chair massage - thanks <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> for being my guinea pigs this week! you're next    you know who you are"
is soooo tired she's not sure she will fall asleep    maybe she'll just sleepwalk into tomorrow    must    move    stuff    from basement    construction    zzzzz   
argh   suns why do you look so tired?
"has been awake since 6 smile 0am thurs  went to class had a quiz and test, went shopping for mt supplies, worked for 9hrs over night, painted some towards finishing the basement, and now is wondering why she can't fall asleep"
"is hoping she's half way through these night shifts  crossing my fingers, we finish the remodel at this next store in two weeks  still enjoying class! i love massage : ) missing everyone"
has a test tomorrow on swedish massage  what other test involves a naked person on a table in front of you? lol can't wait to get comments on this!
asks that you check my last note to schedule your massages  that goes for when i'm in vegas and sd too  check the dates!
reminding you to check my note to schedule a massage  or just call me if none of these times fit : ) my phone # is in my info  thank you!!!
is finally done with night work and is ready for a long sleep   
is a really bad daughter  she's always been spoiled by her dad but failed to set aside time to call him today    so sad
has watched an entire pregnancy - from the pink line on a stick thru holding tough mom's hand and knee to the hairy headed sweet boy's first diaper change  <propfemale> is a <propfemale>!
"had fun today at work  adopted out 2 cats, caught a parakeet for a new home and it didn't scream at me, held the ferrets with customers, and of course pet many dogs  jobs can be worse for sure"
"helped an old lady bring home some new pet birds, feed the snakes, cleaned up after some crikets and fed them, handed out <propfemale> and balloons to kids, and then waved a sign on the corner of the shopping center  what will petco have me do next?"
is so sad she missed her sister's wedding shower  can't wait for the wedding in sept
is slowly pulling together all her responsibilities     slooowly    but i'm smiling and having fun : )  how's everyone else doing? missing you!
"needs to know who wants a massage when i'm in sd    i am staying in mission valley between monday sept 13th and thursday sept 16th, where i'll have my table  comment to reserve your spot!!! family    no worries you will have other options days : )"
"needs at least two more massages scheduled between now and aug 22  who wants one? : )\and san <propmale> people    still waiting to hear from you    monday sept 13th through thursday 16th  come on people    it's entirely free    k, maybe you can buy me a beer when we hangout the evening afterwards    cuz really i just want to visit with you!"
"sorry to complain    why is it that the week i'm really good about taking all my vitamins, i get outdoors walking and hiking, i breathe deep and relax at yoga, and i get plenty of sleep that i get sick!?!"
tonight is a night i (sadly) checked facebook and found that (interestingly) everyone had something kinda good or funny to say - that the gods for friday the 13th
just want to say hello to everyone out there  wishing you all some good times this holiday season
