1e974197c48878e6265a6ecd59a3e287
finally made a facebook  now stop bugging me  ;\\
feels weird adding friends that i haven't seen in a while    annoyed \
five more months 'till i'm 16  can't wait  x3
omgwtfbbq! i'm tired   ;\\
the farmville music is so annoying!  sad 
wishes that the rain would stop 
wants to go to the gym   indecision 
"rain, rain, go away!  laugh "
i just lost the game!  d:<
feels like drawing  any ideas?  laugh 
wants to go shopping   ;|
is going to see <propfemale> in wonderland again   laugh 
la factoria - 'todavia'  love 
is it so hard to have a peaceful day without the fighting? i guess so 
66 degrees on thursday! it's finally getting warmer   laugh 
the cake was a lie 
is going to reread naruto from the complete begining  487 chapters altogether  it's going to be a looooong night   =|
wants to play laser tag   d:
weezer  love 
katsuyuki konishi has the best voice i've ever heard  love 
"how come cover girl eye liner works so well, but it's so cheaply made?"
reading fruits basket    love 
wants to go out    annoyed \
"ever have one of those days that you just feel like screaming at everyone? yeah, not fun   > annoyed \"
true blood  love 
got done painting with my brother    laugh     i have paint all over my face   annoyed \
today was one hell of a day  d:
thinking about switching shops  going to see if commercial arts is full or not 
"in a way, it shows me what kind of friend you actually are "
i think i have a cold    sad 
blah!  annoyed \
watching true blood  love 
colds are not fun   sad 
hates drawing hands  d;
my camera hates me 
oasis love  wonderwall's going to be in my head all day now 
sick   sad 
"if i have to hear that dragonforce song one more time, someone's going down  d:<"
going through an old year book!  laugh    everyone looks so young 
dressing up today!  laugh 
utada hikaru love 
"wish i could prove i love you, but does that mean i have to walk on water?"
ugh  concrete angel still makes me cry every time i hear it  d:
my immortal is probably the best fanfiction i've ever read   laugh     i think my iq dropped about 40 points 
"geez, friday already?  annoyed \"
shopping time!  laugh 
school tomorrow  ;\\
watching mean girls   laugh 
streetlight manifesto is not playing at jersey's warped tour  d:<
drawing online is difficult   annoyed \
 sad 
won free bowling   laugh 
"going to read bleach, finally  is it any good?"
really hope i'm not sick   sad 
"i hate when you get so far on a game, you decide to save, and then the thing just freezes  wth  d:<"
bowling   laugh 
 sad 
can high school be over already?
carnival love 
late night alumni love 
6 days untill 'spirit bound' is released!  laugh 
"no matter how far apart we are, let's go on believing in each other   love "
'electropop' by jupiter rising is definitely my new favorite song   laugh 
 annoyed 
got new shoes!  laugh 
hopefully tomorrow will be better 
can already tell that today is going to be great   annoyed \
another horrible day 
today just keeps getting worse and worse 
i miss my old mp3 player  :[
true blood is on tonight!  laugh 
 laugh 
seeing toy story soon   laugh 
a huge bug just flew at me  kinda freaked now  x3
 laugh !
math final today   annoyed \
i'm done   annoyed \
bored   annoyed \
any firework shows nearby? seems like all of the shows were yesterday   annoyed \
i want to see the sm town concert so bad! d:
codename: kids next door is on!  laugh 
'love like this' by ss501 is my new favorite song   laugh   love 
thinking about getting a formspring  should i?  smile 
> sad 
omegle trolls are amazing   smile 
people need to stop with all of the ignorance  grow up  > indecision 
"some of my posts keep going missing  sorry if a response doesn't show up, but i am replying to everyone! d:"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  love 
"the song 'insa' makes me cry everytime i hear it  d,:"
i feel like ranting   annoyed 
"\would you trust <propfirst> mcneill with your life?\""\",1e974197c48878e6265a6ecd59a3e287,it seems like no one has 4b lunch  d:
 annoyed 
"virgin mobile, please get your server back up and running  thank you   annoyed "
   and virgin mobile is still down   annoyed 
"not going to lie, it would be nice if i knew what time i have to be outside for my bus  and where i have to wait   indecision "
   is it friday yet? d:
"jyj  in new york  november 12   love \ laugh dd!!!!"
my hair is so short  d:
 annoyed 
macromedia flash- why you download so slow? d:
drawing~  laugh 
does anyone know what ms  vaksman's algebra ii homework is? i forgot to write it down   _ 
"omg omg  i find out if i win the jyj tickets tomorrow  d annoyed  dies "
back from the jyj showcase  no words to describe how i feel other than omggggggggggggggg 
yay! snow!  laugh 
organizing the music on my sd card   it's going to take forever  dx
"30 day song challenge day two: least favorite song \um   i don't really have one   laugh  if i don't like a song, i turn it off and don't pay attention to it "
what's up with all the polls on my news feed? d:
> sad 
