934edd3e85b8b4a7d16a5f39c7d5a585
let me slip into your ear
i'm fixin' a hole where the rain gets in
e playful eriencing a storm form!
mejor <propfemale> final espantoso que <propfemale> espanto sin fin
if i only had a heart   
"there's a spider in my ear, he screams loud and clear he tells me what i want to hear"
home is where the hearth is
it's a nice day for some whites washing
"there is a castle on a cloud, i like to go there in my sleep "
"fourth of july twilight aone marathon? ummm, yes?!"
"morzilla is blood sausage, i can live with that, it tastes delicious  but what kind of blood is it exactly?"
maybe she's got something you don't like    la-di-da
"thought i'd visit the club got as far as the door they'd have asked me about you don't get around much anymore oh, darling i guess my mind's more at ease but nevertheless, why stir up memories been invited on dates might have gone but what for awfully dif"
not much ado about everything 
"si es <propfemale> perro, me muerde"
is now available with 2x more ozone!
if i only had a brain 
barracuda deadly eye gouge !
ching-a-ding ching-a-ding ching-a-ding
hay que comerse la mierda  luego uno se limpia la boca  y se caga en el mundo
karate crane quick kill
rise and shine?
ah gat ants in <propfemale> pants and ah need <propfemale> dance 
make my funk the p-phunk
"ven it rains, ze little homeless kittiez get all wet "
flying giant stork death kick
"oh! how i weesh, i weesh i were a feesh "
all together now! (all together now!) all together now! (all together now!) all together now! (all together now!) all together now! (all together now!) all together now! (all together now!) all together now! (all together now!)
"the baobabs are taking over my yard!!!! oh, no!!!"
"whether-wise, it's a lovely day  just say the word and we'll beat the birds down to acapulco bay "
"thnx to everybody who wished me a happy birthday! i spent it building models &  drawing floor plans, but the weekend was full of wonders "
shmohauk: describes an erratic and often dangerous driver  that's a good one
"mikä on tänään, mutta eilisen huomenna?"
"in the court of a powerful <propmale>, the jester often has more power than the <propmale> "
"the little mockingbird just flew away today  sad  \i'm gonna miss you silvio!"
defunct definition
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday today!!!!
this is where we architect 
italian time machines 
general butt naked
"it's not the failure that will kill you, it's the hope     thanks <propfirst> holland"
i am one in a million! there are link 6000 other people just like me!
"if you live each day as if it were your last, some day you will most certainly be right "
six sections in six hours! is that even possible?
to love is to make oneself vulnerable in ways that enhance the possibility of pain 
poor is the new <propmale>
lo que no mata engorda
better to take a step forward and retreat with dignity than be successful and remain stationary
gym+ing=gymming
i want to see the ocean
love= steak+salad
"ppl will tawk dis n dat about u bt u would be da better person by lettin them tawk, ignoring wat dey say and keep it movin  those r the bandwagon chasers  overlook them"
man is five
"\yes \"" that's all i want to hear for the rest of my life """
