d0226441e8cf41fc38a0d6d34f30f9d3
"love and hatred, quite possibly the two absolute strongest emotions we have aside from apathy  they make us do insane, even desperate things, and yet one of those emotions to just one person can go straight from one to the other, without so much as regret"
so bored
stupid ass fb chat blocked me for typing too fast!
"you know, i just realized how many dumb things i put in the fridge 1  instant tea mix 2  peanut butter 3  cereal 4  batteries 5  tv remote"
happy 4th everybody! fireworx were awesome!
on aim if anybody wants to talk
"omg, it is soooooo hard to find a freaking screwdriver in this house!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
"working back on ideas for il2 sturmovik movies, then i might start them when im done with my long ass video convertin, and maybe, just maybe i might get to the \how not to land on a carrier\"" video"""
"finally fixed the freakin ipod to 3 0 os with jb, after 6 hours  jeez"
"oh shit, i grabbed the wrong book, somebody, if anybody has the ap us book, i could use it monday, please!"
"wtf??!?!? screwed by apple, again!!  where the hell are the cameras?"
homecoming was amazing!!!!
"ughhhh, my il-2 installation messed up, crap"
"my loyalties lie forthright with my friends, when those are the conflicted, my loyalties lie with those who are morally correct and those who do the right thing "
anybody know the name of the last song that was played at homecoming?
"idk how, but they changed the opening of bk again, to friday "
"english poem and physics project down, massive 33 <propfemale> chapter 8 matthews outline to go"
happy thanksgiving!
happy new year 2011!!!
snake on mindjolt is the stupidest game ever  it discriminates against people whose computers with problems with the basic input output system and the high precision event timer  stupid ass game  stupid laptop 
"we can all <propfemale> ourselves, from <propfemale> chandeliers, and drink goodbye to all, all the pain and fears, loose lips have sunk this ship, to a shallow grave, washed up upon the rocks, i won't be saved, i won't be saved  i'm stuck in a coma, stuck in a never, ending sleep, and somedaaay i will wake up, and realize i gave up, every thing "
gaaaaaaaaaaaameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrr rrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggggeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee motorsoooooooooooooorm gaaaaaaaamerrrrrrrrrrrrrr raaaaaaaaaaaaageeeeeeeeeee
i wooooooooooooooooooooooon!! heeeeeeelllllll yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
i am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sick of sidewinder gulch -motorstorm
gaaaaaaaaaaaameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaageeeeeeeeeeee aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"shiiiiiit!! is anybody else having problems with turnitin com? the last thing i need is losing points just because some stupid ass company wants me to pay $600 dollars for microsoft office, cuz they dont like free stuff  like i have that kind of money just lying around?!?!? wtf?!?!?!"
"just realized how much il-2 and the ttu contributed to my knowledge of wwii  hmm, that may come in handy later "
"finally finished the outline, nite world zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
"work til 10, then finish some wells, make sure im caught up, then i dont have to worry bout it til its due "
"power to the     well, us, niiice!!!!!!!!!!!"
warning: do not set alarm clock: northgate school district: guess what?  clooooooooooooooosssssssssssseeeeeeeed!!!!!!!!!!!1
"nvm, it would appear as though the news lied  wtf?  sad "
"if we have school tomorrow, im gonna freak "
"this just in: no school 2morrow, submitted at 9:48 pm"
no school thursday
"lovin the ps3  music, web browsing, and motorstorm, all without quitting anything  nice "
dzlockhead: battlefield bad company 2: ranked 129517 out of over 1 million players  epic
"ace pin: earned: in a round, be the best player!"
ranked 95605
ranked 67373
"ranked 59043, night world  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
"night world, zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
"ok, it 5 after midnight, and this spreadsheet is giving me a run for my money, niiiteeeeezzzzzzzzzzzzzz  working on it 2morrow morning "
"after spending over a days worth of time on a spreadsheet, its finally done  it is easily by far the most mathematically and formulaically complex, spreadsheet, or anything for that matter, that i have ever dealt with, let alone created "
battlefield: bad company 2
"bad compay, ranked 20043"
bad company: ranked 14639
"man im good, ranked 13690"
"start work in 15 minutes, here til 7  long weekend ahead, haha"
progress report = beyond disappointing
"i feel so worthless, like ive let everybody down, what the hell  i feel like shit, and even my dreams let me down  just, idk, make it all stop  please "
"the greatest <propfemale> is not in never falling, but getting up every time we do!!"
"ok, what the heck is this formspring me thing i keep seeing everybody use???"
fuck you comcast!!
why do i seem to have the mental inability to focus on even this short 19 <propfemale> outline until its crazy late at night? any anti-procrastination ideas anybody???
wtf? like nobody want to talk or something?
what the hell? is it me or is fb getting buggier and buggier? i swear the fb chat says ppl are on but they really arent
"ilyushin il-2 sturmovik, here i come, soon at least, once i get a cable to hook my comp up to my new tv  sexy "
"soooooooo sexy, my comp now works on <propfemale> new tv  niceeeeee"
"psn account works, \enter the edy detachment\"" \""challenge of the edy detachment\"" valkyria chronicles \""the secret armory of general knoxx\"" borderlands"""
"u know ive got too many cords coming out of my laptop when ive got an audio cord to the tv, a vga cable, an external wireless antenna, a power cord, and i can barely move a lapotp  lol"
"ugh, i hate poison <propfemale>, so annoying, at least now i have some medication for the stuff"
"wow, everytime im bored, nobodys on fb to talk, or everybody is like on theyre phone, then they r off b4 u can talk to them, lol "
"gonna try out this fromsprang thang, if u dont know what my username is, u obviously dontknow me well enough"
"dzlockhead, learn it, live it  love it "
"wow, i suddenly am talking to like everybody lol"
"if they change the freaking name of the flames, im gonna go ballistic"
"i just heard the freaking elements song from chemistry on ncis less than a minute ago, mega lolz"
"need help with suicide? theres an app for that, need to find an app for that? theres an app for that  need to say fuck but are too lazy to do it? theres an app for that  need a theft deterrant? well just throw the damn iwhatever at them "
"anybody in musical, great job guys!!"
"the more i lose, the more emotionally detached i become  soon, i will feel nothing at all  absolutely nothing "
i guess some things are just better left alone  better left the way they are 
"there's no point in living, if you can't feel alive "
"in the eyes of a ranger, the unsuspecting stranger, had better know the truth, of wrong from right  cuz the eyes of the ranger are upon you  any wrong you do hes gonna see  when youre in texas look behind you, cuz thats where the rangers, gonna be "
"i give blood, to prove to myself, that i can matter to somebody else  is what makes a man, the dirt on his hands? dont put your faith in the desert sands  the winds are always blowing  there are gallows deep inside my lungs, thats where i <propmale> ambition"
"but before i walk out there was something that i need you to know    that you were everything right and it wasnt you but me that changed, and i will never give up no ill never give up  what am i fighting for, there must be something more, for all these words i sing, do you feel anything??"
"cant race, need for speed shift  too, tired, dont sleep at 110mph, walls appear really fast zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
hope everybody has an amazing time at prom tomorrow  spare a thought for poor old me stuck in the sat center tomorrow  lol  good luck and everybody have a fun night!!!!
"i always fuck up, nothing go's right when to me it is important, i lose friends and people dont want to talk  it's always so lonely "
my ipod is trying to commit suicide
i love the mclaren f1!!!!
"i hate computer viruses, comps gonna end up being on all night running 3 virus scanners, this sucks"
the la <propfirst> <propfirst> lay low  mgs:gotp
is on an ipad!!!!!
ended up saving <propfirst> <propmale> after some bright gate kid took a walk on a river of mud 
is about to pass out in the burger <propmale> dining room  zzzzzzzzzzzzz
anybody want to help me with e playful anding logarithms? just  post how to do it because i have work at 11
youre killin me smalls
me and my mom are doing better !! yay  smile 
"microsoft cd's have failed me, again!!"
platinum trophy!! wooooooooooooot!!!!!!!!!
"thanks everybody for the bday, im just afraid to check my email cause it might have all this here, lol"
is very ambitious
"if fallout new vegas has anywhere as many bugs as <propfemale> protocol, then i dont wanna touch it, but if the storyline is as good, might as well get it if its still playable "
"<propfemale> protocol: great storyline, last gen graphics, innovative choice system, could use more weapons \fallout new vegas: highly anticipated, made by the same company as ap, obsidian entertainment \i hope that fallout nv is a lot more worked on than ap  on the other hand, fallout nv better not be the reason ap was crappy "
"permit soon, any questions to look out for on the test as tricks or anything?"
"gonna end up watching <propfirst> \bond on my laptop in school today, its better than draining the heck \outta my ipod over the course of the whole day"
"ps3 is being an asshole, gotta restore the file system and rebuild the damn database, i hate doing this shit, makes me feel like im repairing my laptop "
i
i am doin it!!
im doin it: red dead redemption!!
"ugh, night yall, im super tired "
"gonna have to get a comcast box, but ill probably get a logitech <propfemale> advanced one remote so i dont have too many "
"gonna\ have to get a comcast box, but ill probably get a logitech <propfemale> \advanced one remote so i dont have too many  not cheap but ill probably never have to buy another remote control as long as i live "
"take all of your wasted honor, every little past frustration, take all of your so-called problems, better put 'em in quotations  say what you need to say! -im in a <propfirst> mayer mood"
"closing time, every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end  i know who i want to take me home, take me hooooo ooooooooh hommmmeeeeeeeeeee  -semisonic"
"so pissed at my ps3, its time for my own internet, roflmfao"
"why must the girl i so <propfemale>, be so impossible to get to, to find a way into ones heart, to be as impossible as it is to walk on the sun  i wish i could see her, it depresses me each and every single day "
my wow is m1lfhunt3r the password is b0ob13s lol
#1: is not allowed to close at bk for a long long time #2  got his learners permit! woot!!
"staring\ at your reflection every day, can make or break my heart away when \you won't listen to what's hard for me to say  those tear stained eyes \can make me feel so sad and once again we're further away from what we \never had, so why should i take your hand when you can't promise \happy endings? just run away with so much left to share,it's just\ not enough when we're so much more than friends"
"just woke up a half hour ago, aka 3 pm, lol"
"waz lookin at all the fun people had at ocean city this year, hopin my year is as great if not better "
"man its way too hot out, even my computer is pissed "
"hates facebooks \most popular\"" feed feature"""
"spider pig           spider \pig          does whatever a spider pig does    can\ he swing from a web? no he cant  hes a pig, look\ ooouuuttt!!!!, he is a spider \pig!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"what do you do when i can wake up at 7 am, and not sleep until 10pm the next day????????????????"
"there are some kick assssssss games comin out, true crime: <propfirst> kong, need for speed hot pursuit, rock band 3, fallout new vegas, little big planet 2, hitman 5  damn, where did all the good ideas come from suddenly???"
"looking back at high school drama we didn't try fix what we thought were problems  done with writing empty letters is there no other way? staring at your reflection everyday can make or break my heart away  when you won't listen to, what's hard for me to say  those tear stained eyes can make me sad and once again were farther away from what we never had"
why does it have to be so damn hot? its kiilling me
"google will rule the world it seems, they are coming out with their own tv media center "
"them vs us, you vs your friends, race or <propmale>, <propmale> vs hunted, racer vs cop, choose your side, november 16, 2010"
"red bull had cocaine in it, who knew?"
is waiting for mag servers to come back up before work
rope  much rope
if anybody wants to jailbreak their ipod now is the time  just go to jailbreakme com on ur device  e playful ect safari to crash  works on any firmware 2-4 0 1 will not work on 4 0 2 
"i feel so poor, lol"
"i have the unnerving need to go retro and play gba, wtf??"
"nothing gold can stay, the needle on my record player has been wearing thin, this record has been playing since the day youve been with him   no more long rides home no more of your favorite station  remember the time we wrote names up on the wall, remember the time we learned thriller was our favorite song  have i waited too long, have i waited too long, to see you "
"thinkin bout custom buildin myself a new computer, sick of seein 500 mb left for space "
"i dont wanna go back to skool bitches,"
pick a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life 
gettin a list a parts for new comp  step 1  case mobo cpu psu thermal grease and ram
"to all the posts regarding school tomorrow, i give a *universal dislike*"
"when you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love, or if it attributes them to her; whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you, from her, or from the meeting of your sparks"
"it's starting to get old, that story yet untold, reflect before we walk into, what we already know won't be so easy, looking back at high school drama didn't try to fix what we thought were problems  done with writing empty letters  is there no other way?"
"if you only knew the pain, the pain i keep inside, the pain that makes me me, then without it who am i? in a room with broken walls, i lay in scene and dreams, i want you to see!!! im cold and white, im holding on, ill try to breathe for you, im crying out, im singing loud, you could be all i need, to save me from me "
"don't you know fighting for her is a lost cause? in the end, those are the only things worth fighting for"
"may \god bless those who sacrificed their lives today, both the innocent and those \who fought to save them, those who fight in the name of freedom, our \freedom, and for the united states of <propfemale>!!! long live the red white\ and blue!!!"
"there's always something worth fighting for  life is too damn short not to take risks  and those who don't risk it don't make it  overcome your fear, even if you lose attack again or move on "
"i just can't fucking take it anymore  now, now i give up  crying "
seniors!!! class of 2011!!!
"had a awesome time at homecoming last night, hope all that went did the same, yeah!!"
"these are the days, the nights, and the times of our lives we will never forget, those that we hold dear as we grow older  so as we the seniors live our last year here in high school, go out and live a fucking memory!!"
"wow, like everybody is sick and nobody wants to talk,"
back to work man finally not sick
pandora radio ftw
"im so fucking sick of the damn common application website, every fucking time i do soemthing its bitch as crashes  stupid ass site "
"ppl got some deep statuses tonight man  wat up with that? idc, i love philosophical sayings "
wow  when it comes to love im fucked no matter which way you look at it  lol
today is gonna be one long ass day 
college this year or next year? no clue
why do i even bother with people?
skype on my new ipod is sexy  dzlockhead yo
"no matter which way you fucking look at it, life is too short"
"work next four days, win and fail "
theme song for hercules should be iron man
"according to my gym class, im an animal, lol "
"geeked my ps3 internet dont blow anymore, hell yea "
im sick of people running away from game rooms on nfs just because i kick everybody elses ass 
happy thanksgiving to y'all
just scheduled my drivers license test
is accepted to penn state!!!!
why the hell did 8 military humvees drive down 65?
"hell yeah, 2 hour delay for us "
"no clue how, but i now like like a g6, idk lol"
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> to all of ya 
<propfemale> christmas to all!!
well that coulda gone better
"idk, night world "
"my ipod just pissed itself, so i am pissed at it!!"
fuck yeah steelers!! kick dem jets assssses!!!
mendenhall mvp yo
"when you're through thinking, say yes"
"the most painful emotion, unrequited limerence"
i officially have no computer  lol 
people can hate me all the fuck they want  i just don't really care anymore 
"hopeless romantic, story of my life, lol"
"here we stand again, another day has passed us with its lack of change, and all we have is what we share, and all we want is someone else to be there  and if the sun will set tonight, hold our secrets up to the sky, as our shadows grow there's nothing left to hide  - love <propfemale> pacific!! thanks zach <propmale>  if i ever need a good band im finding you man, lol"
"love being able to drive with the windows down and the stereo up, gotta love the warm weather "
"may god bless <propfirst> fisher, for his life was so full of happiness and energy, and yet he was cut short  so much intelligence and so much of a person inside that body to be lost from our world, to never be found again on our green earth  may your everlasting peace be all you ever dreamed of and more "
"damn, that shit was intense!!"
"4am you called to spit some fire out, did you think that i would listen to you now? get in line with all the rest, and i will wait til you realize you are out of breath, can you hear the crowd they all go wild? for you and your denial, watching you break down, hate me all you want, ill be ok, im half the world away!!"
gonna kill my computer
shitshitshitshit shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttt
"had an amazing night, hope for one to be like it soon   smile "
ugh  ipod needs charged  i need one of those attachable chargers
