c29b34bb58aa1a980fbc156085340506
 smile 
"your mighty power, your mighty strength, bring us hope for tomorrow and strength for today "
i might have swine flu =o
spent 3 hours in a freezing bath lowering his temperature x_x
=s
time waits for no one!
family get togethers always end up being political debates x_x
yellow team for the win! good work team!
*highfive*
"format in 100 degree temperatures x_x intense, time to shower"
is happy  smile 
sometimes i wish emotions could be turned on and off with a switch
karaoke o o-b
"lab reports are lame! in college teachers no longer give you a minimum <propfemale> number for your report because no matter how short you try to make it, it always ends up at around 15 <propfemale>s "
must not eat till tonight!
broadsword and chainwhip is the win!
"wonderful night at the sanctuary! spirit was all over the place tonight, if anyone wants to come next week feel free to ask me for info!"
studying for a midterm and a final!
1 last midterm o o-b
friday night! sanctuary ! o o-b
just realized how much i have to do by the 28th!
it is better to be blind and see than to see and be blind
"if you had a tough week and need a lift of the spirit come to the sanctuary this friday at evening  smile  free coffee, free food, bible reading, spoken word, worship! 4698 alvarado canyon rd san <propmale> ca 92120 if you need a ride feel free to ask!  smile "
this mountain can be moved only by faith
definetly need the sanctuary tonight
"slept for 10 hours, i feel very rejuvinated  smile "
<propfemale> christmas!
"please pray for my father, his health is not doing so well"
bad dreams x_x
"never good enough in my own eyes, yet perfect in gods"
i need a haircut x_x
finally transfered some pictures over from myspace =o
castle in the sky o o-b great animated movie!
had a fun day  smile 
don't forget to wear green!
feels like winter has finally ended
wants more sleep  smile 
2 midterms tomorrow and one more after that!
3 down 1 midterm to go! =o
all done!  smile  now i must rest
praise the lord for answered prayers and praise the lord for unanswered ones  i probably shouldn't of had them answered 
"though the road may be bumpy, and the cost may be high  i'll stay true to path wherever it may lie  i may even falter     or may even cry, but still i can trust    that the lord will lift me up high "
nasty cough x_x
aha paper done! 2 papers down 1 more to go
homework and finals! 2 weeks though and i am free wooo
my brain is full
i am done! freedom!
free time yay! time to begin my 90 days through the bible!
went for a nap and woke up 5 hours later x_x
praise to all those who have given their lives for our nation and our freedom and praise to the lord who made them!
"good workout today, that'll burn off that panda e playful ress"
e playful o was amazing!  smile 
tournament! please pray for me!
good morning world!
choose your friend or they will choose you!
crossfire!!!!
buenos tardes!!
never trust an elf
"something in my room is beeping like every 10ish minutes, i don't know what is causing it    not smoke detector    something else, i must locate it!"
i love sunday school  smile  it is exhausting yet so rewarding 
happy birthday to my wonderful mother!!!
i'm pleased as punch
"praise to the lord in times of triumph and praise to the lord in times of sorrow, for he is seated high upon his throne always and shall not be moved "
"goodnight everyone! had a fun and exciting weekend, now back to school and work > smile "
trials will either make you better or bitter
"all you girls out there are truly beautiful and don't forget it, so put a smile on your face and be happy!"
lot's of fun and adventures today  smile  i have great friends 
thank you lord for answering our prayer and keeping the rain from landing on six flags today!
"brotherweek: if you have a brother who has made you laugh, pulled your hair, stuck up for you, drove you crazy,hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fall (or tripped you), picked you back up, cheered you on, made you stronger and loved you  re~post this!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"ah, a wonderful night's sleep    now back to work!"
"yay! teacher wasn't at school today, that gives me the free time i need to get caught up x_x"
horrible dream last night x_x my mind knows all my weaknesses and freely e playful loits them    the traitor
clocks go back an hour tonight! yay  smile 
thank you lord for our daily bread! our friends! our lives! our family! our joy! the love of you in our lives! and your will in each of our lives!
light the way lord
i find it ironic that the photo i like the most is also the one i hate the most x_x
be a tree that is known by it's fruits as an apple tree is known by the apples it grows  grow plenty of fruit for people 
finals and sickness don't go well together
"though a righteous man falls seven times, he rises again"
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
"pray for my father pls, for he does not do well "
thanks for all the birthday wishes!  smile 
