457c2e6fca7b016170f9542d329d17d8
is getting ready for work and hating every moment of it
"is getting ready for work and hating every minute of it, but can't complain too much at least i'm not in an unemployment line, and i thank god for that"
is so motivated!
happy easter
come on boston!
enjoyed watching the boston massacre tonight  sorry heat fans 
"4th quarter, oklahoma you can do it! beat the lakers"
let's go celtics
let's go oklahoma!!
"happy mother's day to all you mothers!!! enjoy your day, you guys truly deserve it!"
come on boston!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
celtics!!!!!!!!!!
let's go celtics!!!!
alright celtics!!!
its all about the celtics baby!!!!
what a beautiful day! what should i do?
come phoenix!
my boys came to play tonight! let's go boston!!!!
"unbelief blinds you to god's greatness and magnifies your own weakness  when you walk by faith, the future is your friend and every enemy is defeated"
"dark and lovely, creme of nature, dr  miracle and the many other relaxers out there, i say farewell, you will never touch my hair again  i'm going natural baby!!!!"
this shift can't be over fast enough  35 minutes to go
i love my celtics!!!
let's go celtics!!!
"to all the fathers out there that are holding it down and playing an active role in the life of their child, i say happy father's day! just sit back relax and enjoy yourself!"
i love me some him! thank you god for bringing such a wonderful man into my life!
i just wanna go home
"if i wasn't afarid of being broke, i would quit my job right now!"
"watching cheaters, this dude just got busted cheating at church! so sad"
"i'm not a big lebron fan, anyone who knows me knows that am a <propfemale> fan and i wouldn't root for anyone else, but after all trash talk and hate i saw last night, i have no other choice but to cheer him and the heat on to 5 back to back championships"
its only monday and already i can't wait for this week to be over!
feeling real good  my future is looking great!
feeling real good today  better than the day before  god's love is sweeter than the <propfemale> from a <propfemale>comb!
i'm bout to show you what i'm really made of! i hope you ready!
so bored!!!
just got a 100% on my test  feeling good!
i live to love and i love to live
"singing      i will trust in the lord, i will trust in the lord        i know god is going to take care of kimora! i'm going to claim it and leave it in his hands!"
so today i took my final in my clinic 1 skin analysis class today and i aced it  100% baby ! i'm sooooo happy
i want to thank everyone for their happy birthday wishes
celtics!!!
30 minute countdown begins
seriously this woman calls and asks me how to set up an email account on her home computer because she does not know how to use it  last time i checked i work for a cell phone company!
happy birthday <propfirst>!
alright lets make this series 2 - 0  lets go celtics!
sorry heat fans
"lets go heat! i know i'm usually not a heat supporter, but tonight i really need them to whoop <propmale>  i am soooooo sick of all this hatred towards lebron  is it really that serious"
today i'm feeling pretty fearless  i've been doing this natural transition for about 9 months now and i think today is the day i'm gonna do it  i'm going to part ways with these relaxed ends and do the big chop! wish me luck!
whats is all this <propfirst> stuff about?
that was the best season permiere ever! i love the game!!!
"someone please e playful lain to me how it is possible for a woman be drunk behind the wheel of a car, get upset with her husband, run him over, leave him for dead and only get 52 days in jail and aa counseling? then after all this madness, he decides to stay with her!"
time for the game!
"black history fact of the day annoyed <propfirst> <propmale> twilight was the first african american to receive a college degree  he earned a bachelor’s degree from middlebury college in 1823"
faith is the absence of doubt in an uncertain world 
"just is time for <propfirst>'s day, i found the perfect <propfirst>  he is sweet, patient, kind, understanding, he fulfills all of my needs, and he'll never leave me alone  his name is jesus christ and i love him sooooooooooo much!"
3 a m  and i can't sleep 
lets go celtics!
feeling really inspired  time to get to work  working in the spirit of excellence!
not feeling so good today  i'm just gonna take it easy and watch some basketball  i wish unc would have lost  getting ready for the duke - michigan game  this should be good
"loving this spa treatment, getting a chocolate body wrap  this feels soooo good "
think i'll go swimming
just took my state board  nervously awaiting my results
