4c85546ede68e3cba07a0ce76f9e5b9a
gonna be a long week   but the weekend is one day closer after today  smile 
looking forward to catching up on some work today   
having a wonderful day with <propfemale>  smile 
working on a plan   
once i've made my mind up--i usually stick with it   we'll see how it goes   
hoping that the stars will align as they should and spell out the final answer   
thoroughly exhausted from our fun day--thanks <propfemale>!
"it was a wonderful weekend of great food, fun and friends!!!  can't get much better than that   "
is ready to take on the world and kick some butt  smile 
is getting everything in order    
had an excellent 1st day of pre-k with my daughter and her friends!  if only my professional life were that simple   
getting ready to have an awesome weekend in chicago with friends!!!
at & t has got to be the anti-christ   geez i am having bad flashbacks from last year this time   
it was such a beautiful weekend in ohio--its almost confusing as to where i am 
always seems to have positives and negatives going on at the same time   i do believe it is my own personal rule in life   
"check out the recent fashion swap party i was caught on video on ch 19 news october 1 at 11pm  <propfemale> mcbride of teemcbee image consulting is an amazing image consultant for today's business woman--she really brings out the best in you! all remaining cl   othing was donated to <propmale>'s dress for success  this was an excellent way to be \green\"" and recycle fashion and have fun doing it!"""
i love fall but do we really need to have this much wind and rain    
"so how am i gonna e playful lain to my daughter that the damn dog ate her halloween pumpkin like a snack!!!  she is 12, not 2 (the dog)   come on!  good thing i have a spare pumpkin  smile "
lots of training to get through!!!
just overdoseed on linked in and i am not sure why   
it's too cold out   i know it's november but i don't like it!!!  it's 93 at work in arizona today!
hey brandon--what's up?  anything exciting going on?
gonna be a long monday   it will be an even longer journey to wednesday
wrapping up some work today before the holiday weekend!
"is extremely thankful for her huband, daughter, family and friends and most of all that 2009 is almost over!"
"hello mhs 1990 friends--please go and log on and get your tickets at the early bird rate   kellie h , <propfirst> g --what are you waiting for???  check out all the details at www mentor1990 com "
wonders if she will ever figure out this new sfa at her work!!!  omg!
really cannot wait until i can hear out of both ears again   this muffling is driving me crazy!!!
wonders who is gonna believe me or not that my dog head-butted me and gave me a black eye now   geez what a week!
excited to try some <propfirst> palmers creations tonight!!!
hoping i can get all this holiday stuff done before christmas and still kick ass at work somehow   the stress!
i am officially exhausted and out of energy!  spent most of the morning crying over the having to put <propfemale> down this morning after an une playful ected turn for the worse   life is just very unpredictable and full of tough choices every day  sad 
"it's 2010 and a brand new year, so let's get ready to make it great!!!  i have a lot of goals this year--i am going to get started today   "
can't wait to go to arizona and forget about ohio for a little while   
oh my gosh--i am buried and not just in snow   so much to do this week!!!
the word of the day is balance   everything!!!
is it going to be a blizzard or <propfemale> all day--it can't decide here in snowville   boy if i were a skier i would be happy with the combo!!!
this celebrity look alike week reminds me of my trip in 2008 to san <propmale> with my st  <propfirst> friend!  holla!!!
tgif!!!  everyone have a great weekend--i am gonna go figure out where to go for dinner!!!
the word of the day was multi-tasking   big time!
"it's a <propfemale> and mommy day tomorrow   she says we are \superstars\""   love that girl!"""
anyone have some <propmale> connections with marous brothers   could use a little help potentially!
after the horrible ending to last week--this week can only go up!
happy friday!  it has been quite a week--please let march pass quick!!!
anyone want to lend me their private jet for the rest of the month?  omg--this is insane   
has crossed the finish line   
i would like to say thanks you to all of my friends and family who have supported me over the last few months of what i call one of the most extreme and complicated times in my life!  everyone is special in their own way!  i have acheived everything i set out to do thankfully and plan on going on a long vacation with my family soon!!!
check out <propfemale>'s first commercial on my wall   
is hoping to wrap up a lot of backlogged tasks this week!
thinks it's really fun to drive down the road with the sunroof open singing to the radio with <propfemale>!
considers herself a pretty coordinated person but the zumba classes are going to be quite challenging!
rockin' out some tunes this monday morning   gotta wake it up!
"ok, marriott friends--who has a connection at the marriott <propmale> head resort & spa please?"
"insane multi-tasking day   whoo, not over yet!"
"homeade mother's day gifts are made with more love than any gift you can purchase   priceless!  thank you, baby  smile "
"i am so proud of my best friend, <propfemale>, who is about to step on stage and get her masters diploma at csu!  we all love you and celebrate your day today!!!"
is back home from training   but what the hell did i learn???
is too exhausted to work but has so much more to go until june 18th!!!
"omg--american idol has all my favorites on tonight   this is awesome--who cares who wins, great show!"
holy incredible shrinking <propfemale> <propmale>   
ok maybe not but love the attitude!
going to ther beach   don't call me i'll call you   lol--don't wait by the phone  smile 
"nothing like losing a 1 2 million dollar program due to the lovely az immigaration law   that's ok--wasn't like i needed the bonus or anything   no, really   no big deal!!!"
would like to thank my friend <propfemale> for giving me the lay of the land at hh   i feel like i hit all the best spots  smile 
9 more days to yet another departure from my dream job   say its not so   back to reality--man i'm a victim of my address!
is definitely back to the stress of my everyday life--oh my gosh i need to be independently wealthy so i don't have to deal with all this craziness!!!
after tomorrow my baby <propfemale> is a big kindergartener   how did that happen?
stuck at airport missing time with my friend!!!  can't you delay the flight before i leave the house next time???
had a great evening of food and friends! i love to visit chicago to catch up and decompress a little too!
chicago = delayed
can i please leave???  i am gonna need a nap!
"wow, i'm actually home tomorrow   really?  what a flight!"
day 2--what to do?  i kinda liked that definition for today   
<propmale>'s 40th party tomorrow--stop by hooley house after 7pm   we are out on the patio!
going to minneapolis
thanks so much to my wonderful friends for the fun birthday wishes--they all brought such a smile to my day after another crazy week of travel!  hugs to all  love 
is really not looking forward to today!
and there went <propmale>'s dream   again!
had a fun week with friends but sooooo happy to be home!
i really hate the 12 step program i have to go through these days everytime i have to travel -- it is exhausting   
wow--this day was a little interesting   
"wow, monday morning flights suck!!!"
hello chicago--wasnt i just here??
do i bother to go to sleep at this point--gotta get up in a few hours   mondays--not a fan!
is having a fabulous day of savings and amazing sales!  now i get to go drink wine for the next 7 hours!!  what a day!
<propfemale>'s american greetings card has hit stores in michigan--please let me know where you see some or send me one please!
really wishes the microwave didn't get blown up right before company comes to stay    geez  sad 
"i would like to thank and congratulate all my fellow \rockstar\"" committee members for a job well done!  what a rockin' time--i am not used to going to bed at 4am but what the hell   \",4c85546ede68e3cba07a0ce76f9e5b9a,where the hell is my suitcase??? angry!!!
bag finally arrived all contents unharmed literally 48 hours later and what seemed like a thousand tags wrapped around the handle   now do i get my bag's frequent flyer <propmale> too?  that would seem good to me!
pretty darn productive for a half day today   and <propfemale> had a great 1st day of kindergarten!
really not loving the computer support from the other side of the world!!!
is not a fan of long car trips!
really does not prefer a car with a push button start stop--no thank you!
"chicago, again?  quick in and out   can't wait to see how this flight goes with this cold  sad "
on the road yet again   if only i could slow down long enough to get some rest and feel better  smile   maybe 2011??
nothing like driving a rental that handles like a skateboard in the rain!
screw the office supply budget--where the hell is our masseuse budget??  ouch  sad 
had a fabulous weekend with the family and a new adventure to contemplate   
tgif people!!!!!!!!
"thinks that anyone could be a meterologist after all the rain that \wasn't coming\"" poured on our heads last night!  yuck  sad """
wonders what you have when you have been sick for 6 weeks   i think maybe exhaustion??
is pretty sure this is going to be the longest short week   
thinks marrfp is the devil--halloween is over peeps!!!
dear paradise   please make me kick this cold   
aah   margaritas in the afternoon in the sun   priceless!
goodbye paradise   you will be missed  sad 
wishing i had another week in paradise   sick of being sick  sad 
tgif!!!  the week has been way too long   looking forward to a fun time tomorrow <propfemale> the fab food show!
please tell me it is not sunday already   omg!
looking forward to an weekend of no plans (well not too many) 
really trying to get used to my new phone   
really would rather be sleeping at this moment   
"well, i guess i am thankful that my family forced me to go to the emergency room for holidays before i could not breathe from the anaphylactic shock i was going into--no fun!  love you, <propmale> and <propfemale>  smile "
no heat?  really?  should have just stayed in south carolina   sick and all  sad 
i believe i am most thankful for my space heater today   
is anyone looking for or know of someone looking for an coordinator administrative assistant job at a large corporate in lake county?
"am pretty sure that in my case, if i just won the lottery--everything would be better!"
11 5 foot tree with lights + broken tree stand = angry veselko family  sad 
time for a new beginning     looking forward to it  smile 
just starting the year with some good <propfemale>   started off a bad year with losing <propfemale>   starting off on a positive note this year hopefully with a new furry friend to brighten my days!
"great last night with the family before back to the crazy work life   some wine, music, awesome homemade dinner and sitting by a beautiful fire with <propmale>, <propfemale> and kona(new doggie)  love "
why did i stay up so late to watch the notebook??  really love that movie  smile 
snow!!!
does anyone want to buy girl scout cookies for <propfemale>?  tis the season!
really sick of being parked on the freeway today!!!
could really use another day to the weekend   
oh my gosh--snow days may excite some people!  they just cause me severe stress  sad 
"just watched \the facebook\"" movie--it was pretty interesting   """
"oh, you mean i can actually stop working for a few hours, now   really???  gee thanks   long day!!!"
hanging at ski lodge   what else do you do this time of year?
missing my family tonight on <propfirst>'s day while traveling   
goodnight shanghai!
one hell of a week!
"put 2 tired, but very happy girls to bed tonight!  fun night  love "
i'm pretty sure the girl working at the ski rental counter had on pajama jeans   funny!
hey--did anyone see my weekend?  i think i lost it somewhere   
"if i have curves, i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i like to get dressed up, i'm a hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  it seems like you can't do anything now without being labeled    so go ahead and label me, see if i care  repost this if you're proud of who you are!"
"it may not be fat tuesday yet, but my homeade jambalaya was pretty tasty  smile "
"oh no, my baby has her first loose tooth   i am so sad  sad "
