23b31cf4e17c1e43dcddf93a764156d5
"is on a five hour trip to make a $xx,xxx deal!"
is back at it after working until 3 am this morning   
is thinking about going home without finishing his work (twelve hours at it is enough)   
"is having fun at the new fair grounds! when your in the exhibition center or the horticulture building, and are nice and cozy, you can thank me!"
"has been working all day sunday afternoon, evening and night  i'm going to bed  goodnight, yo's "
has bible studies for sale!!! get them while i'm hot!!! best part is their freeeeeee!!!!!!!!
"just finished watching children of men  one of the best movies, i believe, of all time, not necessarily because of the main story, but because of how near the world in that movie is to reality  much scarier than any horror movie   "
eat babies!!! rawr!!!!!!
*yawn*
"is \working\"" from home on his back porch watching the wood peckers and squirrels fight for tree territory   """
is kind of irritated with facebook for blackberry; it's getting pretty flakey with my comments!
who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present controls the past 
"raaahh!!!! stupid weather wants to rain when i plan to murder deer!!! that's alright, a real man hunts in the rain!"
"is looking for a free, non-ssl, smtp email server!!! as big as the interwebs be, i can't find one to save my life (or my job)!!"
"this is    *sniff*    what, uh    *snort*    cocain must be like    *sigh*    \lost\"" season dvds  i can't wait until my next fix!"""
"if i was an oyster, i could totally make the biggest perl ever; i am so irritated,"
is enjoying his second day off 
wine and lasgna!
has been home aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaall day  can we say cabin fever?!
huh? the weekend only offically just began? what am i going to do with myself?
"karaoke is not fun, it's punishment   annoyed "
"believe it or not, after not being at work for so long, i'm actually looking foward to doing something productive today   "
"i can't complain, but sometimes i still do!"
"wake up, work, eat, poop, sleep, repeat   "
"3) if i move back to wapato, washington, i'm going to be put back in my forth grade class, even at the age of 25, which apparently is still taught my mr  monterossian  he didn't like me when i was 11, and he still won't like me at 25    how in the world is he still alive?!"
"2) watch where you get your ammo from  whoever it was (i don't recall a recognizable face) that gave me the box of shells for my twelve gauge shotgun for some reason included 18 gauge shells in the case  i already have a slow as molasses weapon, but then to load 18 gauge and have it not fire and then have to reload with the appropriate ammo is unacceptable against unending swarms of brain hungry zombies!!!"
"1) double barrel shotguns are fairly ineffective against unending waves of the undead; they are just so freakin' slow to reload, and i had zombies chomping at my throat before i could get out another shot!"
so i learned three things from my dreams last night:
it's snowing!!!
is starting his four day weekend riiiiiiiiiight now!!!
"so i've had a nes for about 20 years, and it works now just as it did 20 years ago  i've had an xbox 360 for a year, and it red ring of deathed!!! what a new technology fail!!!"
luck be a b right now! > indecision 
i think the next thing to look foward to with advancing age is senior citizen discounts   
"i'm ready for spring  this cold weather and dark evenings has kept me rusting in the house  i can't wait for canoeing, fishing, camping, outdoor sports    "
"is getting  a serious case of the \blahs\""  have you seen that gamestop commercial where that little video game rabbit is unenthusiastically collecting coins? \""    there's one    there's another one   \"" i totally feel like that """
i have quite the sudden urge to go mountain biking   
"i'm looking forward to the weekend like i look forward to dinner: i'm not really sure what we're having, but i hope it's good, 'cause i'm hungry!"
is drinking coffee in hawaii 
just snorkeled and saw a sea turtle 
where do pineapples come from?
is lost   
"fresh sushi, cold beer, hot sun, beautiful waves  no complaints here "
totally just saw a wild whale while sitting on the beach! (not a fat joke)
has leaving vacation depression   
wants to thank <propfemale> and durran (aka icey fart) for such a great vacation!!! we love yo's soooo much!!! come home soon!
just saw some of the best sci-fi of his life   
i don't have to like you; i think your an idiot! why would you want me to like you?
"has become addicted to q-tips; i just gotta stick one in my ears after each shower! i tried to control the urge this last time, but i failed in my weakness!"
"has been robbed! if you find my stolen energy, please call crime solvers at 780 1000!"
"has decided, that though it may make him a punk, it  is akward to bump into people you know at the store  if you see me shopping, and i ignore you, don't take it personally "
"it's morphin time!!!\\!nerd!\\iphone 4 preorder + e3 reveals = me gitty as a school girl!!!"
"is as sick as a dog, and it couldn't come at a more worse time!"
your not a phone!! iphone (4)!!!!
"my living room smells of dead cows! \\if they start messing with new furniture, my living room is going to reak of dead cats!"
"apps are my rocks, and iphone is my crack pipe   \\i think i should go to rehab; this crap is gonna make me go broke   "
thinks yuns overhyped inception  it gets a b 
"watch eternal sunshine of the spotless mind; think it's better than inception with a b+ \\(bring on the hate!)"
is having a kings dominion date with the missis 
"it needs to rain so that the burn ban will be lifted, and i can enjoy my autumn by my awesome fire pit!!!"
a picture must reflect your inner duck 
"fourteen hour workday is over!!!\\now to start on that part for tomorrows meeting   "
"just waiting for something to do   \but as many of you well know, when it rains, it pours!"
joygasm!!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wjq4jwsqnd8&feature=youtube_gdata_player
the problem with learning lessons the heard way is that you had to go the hard way before learning the lesson 
"and the stupidity continues to flow   \\    from me  *sigh*"
watch me e playful lode!!!
a great thing about job site portta-potties is that you don't have to bring any reading material in with you!
"i know everyone loves saturdays, but today is one of the most needed saturdays of all times!"
the involuntary twitch in my left eye is going away! yay!
i'm back on the grid!!
