2cbef41a28b47b7cb748286ec06d2e95
i have a feeling that this is going to be a great year  let's hope i'm right 
monni made me do this   laugh 
"seems like im always to busy to do things  and when i get a day off, there is nothing to do!"
im thinking about geetting a tattoo  someone talk me out of it!
feeling a little home sick  annoyed   i miss all you crazy bones jones!
"two more weeks untill i go back up north, and the days are going slower and slower     "
aaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg!!!!!!!!!!!!
im going home tonight! super excited! cant wait to see you people!!!
omg this place is sooo cold  got me sick as a dog 
i feel like getting in trouble   no idea why 
"my name is   shake <propfemale> the mic rulah the old schoolah  you wanna trip, i'll bring it to ya  frylock on top imma rock you like a cop meatwad you're up next with your knock-knock  meatwad make the money see meatwad get the honies g  drivin in my car, livin' like a sta r ice on my fingers and my toesand i'm a taurus          bored"
"4am, bad cough, cant sleep, hudge head ache, sore arm, something starring at me on the other side of the room, ears ringing, parched, i'm dying "
 laugh 
"wow, seriously an awesome day  thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!"
its payday friday and i am soooo bored  whats wrong with me!
happy fathers day to all the dads out there!
ohhh shnikkerdarwf!
i'm thinking about dying my hair black    should i?
the hair is black   
<propfirst> is going to edc without me  sad ((
ahhh i hate wearing clothes when im sunburnt!
soooo scared right now  i got out of the shower and the light flickerd    four seconds later the dryer turns on   theres no one else home and nothing in the dryer     im sooo freaked out i have all the lights on and my music blasting so i dont hear anything creepy   annoyed 
uuuggggg! i just want to puch someone in the face right now!
supperupper happy right now  smile 
do vegans eat animal crackers?
"books have knowledge, knowledge is power, power corrupts, corruption is\a crime, and crime doesn't pay  so if you keep reading, you'll go broke"
soooo effin bored
im so tired of terrible being admired for being terrible people   
i want to play <propfemale>  annoyed !!!!
im going home!!!! yaaaaaaaaay 
"after going to the shooting range with the husband, i have decided     i want a shotgun   "
off to the sacramentooooooooozzzzzz  laugh 
nuh nuh nuunnnuhh nuhh nuhhh nuh nuh
gone fishing  playful 
"good bye fresh air, peace, and quite  going back to the hustle and bustle of smog-ville, aka la   sad  and  smile  at the same time     sad )    lol"
caught a shark     sure it was a baby shark    but it was still a shark!
"   and when mr  bigglesworth gets angry, people die!"
coming up in the world   
buca de beppo
i fell on my face and now i have a bruise on my <propfemale>  sad 
gah! i hate my computer! sooo ridiculous slooooow!
i hate dust
sacrifice- the surrender or destruction of something prized or desirable for the sake of something considered as having a higher or more pressing claim 
"dear 16year old self,\               i miss you"
great weekend! my feet are sore though!
the new <propfemale> in wonderland  is too serious  not enough silly
what can i do with two people and 10$?
going home tomorrow wheeeeeeeewt!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
happy thanksgiving peoples of <propfemale>!!!
the fresh air is making me hyper    i missed it
 sad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\everybody huuuurrrrrts    sometime   \"""""
"i'm not happy, i dont know it, so i\m not clapping my hands! d:<"""
<propfirst> always looks precious when he is sleeping    untill he farts  then its a little less precious    
fallout new vegas    probably one of the most glitched games i have ever played 
for some reason i have just been so excited all day  everything is exciting! im excited!
yay! one year of marriage down   and many life times to go  smile 
ok tomorrow is <propfirst>' official weigh in  this will determine weather or not he will be able to take the asvab  wish him luck  he has worked really hard  if he makes it a celebration is in order  super fries anyone?
well <propfirst> passed the weigh in! tomorrow is the asvab! wish him luck guys! if he does really well he will get a kick ass job in the airforce!
*update* <propfirst> did extremely well on the test  he killed electronics  and the recruiter said he qualifies for 99 8% of the jobs!!!!! wtf!!!!! thats my baby! so proud!  smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so im watching halo legends on netflix    terrible   just terrible 
"great dinner and great cake  happy \burffday\"" to <propmale> bracamontes! thanks for inviting me!"""
hardcore diet and work out starts today! time to stop being lazy and hungry!
its so hard to diet when your the only one doing it   
you straight trippin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i've lost my husband to yet another project    when he has something on his mind i either have to be apart of it, or i don't exist  all im asking for is love!"
looks like i dont have a phone anymore    
there is one thing that has never let me down    chocolate    
i have a chocolate hangover
you
"whats the record for longest stomach growl?    \\i think i just beat it   "
uuuhggg i now know what its feels like to be truly hungry    stupid diet   
so i've pretty much lost a pound a day  if this keeps up ill at my goal in 28 days! wahoooot!
its about 11 smile 0 pm and i have the sudden urge to go for a long run    very out of character of me 
but its too cold to get out of bed  sad 
bam! 10lbs gone  laugh  20 to go 
omg <propfirst> made a bomb symphony bar ice cream!
i hate listening to hypocrites
"so this is the enlistment process \hurry up and wait\""     blahhhhh this is dragging  i want my house to decorate already  sad """
ok just found out our <propmale> in japan is aye ok! thank god!
"15lbs down, 15 to go!"
funny how 10 of my fb friends suddenly find out they are pregnant on april 1st  playful 
the husband went hunting for the weekend  i miss him so much already  sad 
yay my baby is home!
