e80d8b9ca463b317dfc4649583230602
had a wonderful day hanging with good friends and eating awesome food   let's hope all those black eyed peas pay off!!
has decided to accept the inevitable   but that is not the same as admitting defeat 
"warped tour was very enlightening   going to spend a few days camping with good friends, good wine and good stories  who could ask for more?"
home sweet home   
"when grading papers, would it be easier to just give everyone a grade on volume or should i actually read for content?  jk smile "
it feels weird to have a lazy day   i feel like i should be running at full speed   christmas shopping is almost done!!
"shopping is almost done   just have to get stocking stuffers    whew, what a relief!!  now, just to sit back and enjoy!"
wants to wish everyone a very <propfemale> christmas!!  i hope everyone has a wonderful night and christmas day smile 
make sure the animals are all in folks   it's gonna be a cold one!
had a great time celebrating madi's birthday!!!  thank you for letting us share your special day!!  we love you so much and hope that all of your wishes come true this year!!
loves going to by best friend's house and getting fed; both in body and soul smile 
had a wonderful birthday and thanks everyone for the warm wishes   this teacher stuff rocks!!  i get to meet so many wonderful people smile 
getting ready for the birthday bash   i just want her to have fun and enjoy turning another year older because as i now know   that's only fun until you're 30 smile 
"overall, a very good weekend   another year older, another wish made which i am told already came true   9 years of beautiful and she only continues to grow more so every day smile "
grading short responses and getting very nervous   taks is only a week away   keeping my fingers crossed 
making no plans what-so-ever for this week   just hangin and chillin with the kids smile 
"had a great day hanging out in marfa, tx with two of the best women to walk the planet! a perfect remedy for refueling the soul smile "
32665
so much shakespeare; so little time   this is my first year teaching <propmale> caesar and <propmale> juliet right next to each other and now i am starting to have some creepy dreams   brutus goes on a killing rampage and <propmale> saves caesar right at the last minute   would shakespeare have approved?
"<propfemale>'s ballet recital is going to be fabulous!  our la high girls, <propfemale> and <propfemale> were perfect in every way   they were the two most beautiful girls on the stage!  pictures will be posted soon smile "
"well, they were awesome!!!  every single one of them did a great job and they got a standing ovation   they worked so hard and it showed   what a great show!! smile "
"you are going to be in town?  let me guess   in town and forgets to call dawn   wait, that happened last time   <propfemale> wouldn't let that happen again smile "
on the way to ephs to say goodbye to a great educator and person   we will miss him so much!
i can't believe that i am going to be a mom of a 16 year-old boy   he gets more amazing every year!  i love you <propfirst> and am looking forward to recounting your birth story for the 16th time on wed 
"had a great time hanging with the family   rach and <propfemale>, you know how to have a good time smile "
i like it on the front seat of the car 
"i hate being sick, over worked and under paid sad "
"waiting for the \lucky\"" coin flip   what a great game smile """
tigers had a great season!  very proud of our boys smile 
thanks so much everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!!!  i had a great day! kiss 
omg   another snow day off tomorrow   this is going to suck at the end of the year when they tack these days back on   or they will do something like take away memorial day   ugghh   although i wouldn't want to go back if they are having heating issues   my room is cold enough as it is 
busy getting everything ready for this weekend smile 
i want to wish my little <propfemale> a very happy birthday!!!  they had a great time last night and even went to bed at a decent hour smile   thank you auntie <propfemale> for all of your help   couldn't have done it without you kiss 
