9d137cc1b6c3c47f03bc53361f233212
<propfemale> is 19 today  time really flies as i age 
this was a long week  glad its over 
heading out to watch the afa basketball game today 
here we go!
green bay by 7 now on to game two  here we go   woot woot!!
feel much more relaxed after a warm soak in the tub
thursday   i can do this  today will be a good productive day!!
"such a good relaxing weekend, sad to see it leave      "
it is beyond cold today  goodness another one tomorrow   can't wait for that 40 degree weather later this week
-12 this morning      without the wind chill    lived here a long time dont remember it being this cold!!
thrilling thursday   
off to enjoy the day with my kids! have a wonderful day!
green bay !!!
okay off to bed for a good nights sleep   one busy week ahead!
at davids high school orientation 
my son is 15 today how fast they seem to grow up
i need a vacation
"busy weekend, birthday parties, sleep overs many children at my place "
at fargos pizza
at the movies  gmono and <propfemale> and no one wants to sit next to mom   
dance party 2 on the wii 
sleep      these girls and i are not thinking the same 
clean up time from first party  next one starts soon
artsports with <propfirst> and the guys
feeding the guys at country buffet
movies with the guys    the rite    pass   
at the mall    fun fun
i love my chiropractor!!
my youngest daughter is 11 today  happy birthday <propfemale>!!
heading up to <propmale> till tuesday    can' wait to just get away   
at 16th street mall
at <propmale> and busters   
dinner dancing and drinks with new friends     lovin <propmale>!!
at paramount cafe
now i remember why i enjoyed the mile hi city!!
this much fun on a weekday might be illegal    nope    we are all adults          lmao   
"back to reality    i mean back home  glad to see the kids, really i am"
woo hoo    passed the test at work that i have been in training for the last 2 days!!
ready for bed  its going to be a great week 
had such a productive day at work  yeah!!
looking at publishing some of my short stories  could be much fun  almost as fun as writing them!
at the y  <propfemale> starts swimming lessons !
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on to hide her true beauty  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think 
the magic number is 10   woot   woot!!
"beautiful morning, going to be a wonderful day enjoying the wonderful blue sky!"
17 2
"been up for a couple hours,  it already is a beautiful day out!"
"my bff from high school is in town, happy to see her again "
listening to great music on 88 7
today was a good day 
waiting for rebeccas prescription  again  hopefully this kind will work 
"enjoyin the morning, laundry is almost done, coffee is great  good start to the day!"
"heading up to <propmale> today, off to the the avalanche play   yeah !!"
what a great way for the avs to end the season!
learning to love yoga   
finally got a dr appt tomorrow   hopefully he will have drugs to give me!
good thing tomorrow is friday  dr says no work for two days  heavy meds prescribed 
"<propfemale> still has uti, lots of white blood cells  now we wait to see the uroligist mid may"
made it    it was an especially long day!
"finally feeling better, how i dislike being sick"
"laundry is done, coffee is good   day is off to a great start"
glad to be off work early today!
enjoying the rainy sunday morning!
home made blueberry pancakes for breakfast yummy!!
"i think i am kinda liking having wednesday afternoons off work, gives me extra time with the kids, and really seems to cut the work week in half!"
so glad tomorrow is friday  wonderful weekend planned!
so excited
"please say a prayer for <propfemale>, kens 17 yr old daughter that was in a car accident late last night  on the way to <propmale> hospital "
sitting waiting and praying
the latest news on <propfemale> is she was going into surgery  <propmale> was told to say his good bye to his youngest daughter  <propfirst> is oldest is there too with <propmale>  too sad for anymore words
"**update**    they got her stabilized, had to remove part of her skull due to the swelling, she has <propmale> injuries to her head and back   <propfemale> was flown to university of <propmale> medical center, she is on life support "
wtf     my mother just called me   my aunt just passed this afternoon 
"as happy  and excited as i should  be for today, with this past  weekend terrible news i just want  to get thru the day"
<propfemale> pulled thru surgery today  another scheduled tomorrow  thank you all for your continued prayers!
taking it day by day with <propfemale>  they have done all they can surgery wise  now we pray and wait for what is gods will 
ready for a long hopefully relaxing weekend!
going to bettys funeral 
beautiful morning
good day today  nice visit this evening with <propfemale> 
all the crazy peeps are on tonight!!   woot   woot  
friday  yeah  finally 
"tomorrow the world shall be ours! until then, good night my evil minions!!"
update on <propfemale> --  the tests they have been doing on her are better than the last set   doctors are going to start taking her off the drugs very slowly next week 
four mile walk with <propfemale>  now to watch the rest of game 3 
this was one long day at work! so glad its over!!
great evening to take a walk with the kids!
<propfemale> had her tests today  now we wait till next week for results 
spaghetti dinner at mom and dads    yum!!
tired    bedtime 
busy day this morning cleaning at my second job  then off to help mom and dad cleaning up their yard  short break then its off to the circus    yeah!!
over did it yesterday  my back hurts   
"had much fun at the circus with my kids and my folks! not sure who had the most fun   its true, the circus is fun, no matter your age!!"
game six      here we go!!
come on boys    play nice
<propfirst> wins!! what a great game!!
mrs  <propfemale> bumgardner past away late last week 
long day at work but that's not unusual      glad its over 
laundry night    ugh   
its been a good day 
off to violin lessons
<propfemale> has something wrong with her right kidney  going to monitor it before anything drastic happens 
just made travel plans to visist my sister in maine   i can't wait to see her and her family! its been a long time!
enjoying some coffee    its nice to be able to sleep in once in awhile~
i am not ready for monday! may i please have saturday back?
okay    so monday wasn't  the terrible awful day i once thought it would be   but gotta be careful it might be hiding in tuesday!!
enjoying the beautiful afternoon off!
off to the dentist    fun fun   
no cavities    i love it!
nice evening for a walk
"if you want my opinion, shut the hell up so i can talk     uggh    some folks drive me crazy     "
nice night!!
bought opening night tickets for transformers    taking all the kids    cant wait!!
off to the pool    fun with the kids
mr poppers peguins with <propfemale> 
nice cool evening  the wind actually feels good 
happy   happy   happy 
this will be one long day    work    then off to the opening movie of transformers!!
off to the movies!!
what a awesome movie!!!
too awake to get much needed sleep      its gonna be a long day 
i can do this   its only four hours of work today    then nap time 
enjoying the cool evening breeze 
lunch on the company today   time off this afternoon    but then i see our insurance is going up    rats!!
"dinner made by <propfemale>  eggs with ham and cheese, toast, bacon and milk   my lil chef    yum!"
finally friday! excited for the long weekend!!
should of said yes at 5
bored
dark clouds   thunder    could it be rain again? lets hope so!!
let it rain      let it rain    let it rain! bring it out east and southeast too!!
weekend was good    back to the grind    that four letter i dare not say too loud      work
wow    not guilty       crazy
