eadf14a7845e7bdca9e411569e3cedc5
"while you were sleeping i figured out everything, i was constructed for you, and you were molded for me "
wondering what meaning is behind this repetitive cycle 
falling into an abyss with no way out  every life line merely crumbles in an instant like a storm passing through 
8 days left  let me know if you want to chill before then!
wondering why i can't let go when everything tells me i should 
i had a good night  smile  hopefully i will be able to see more meteors later  smile 
wsh i could live in a hopelessly romantic movie 
i move in 3 days let me know if you want to chill before then!
last day living at home!!!
finally finished moving everything into my dorm  smile 
tomorrow=first day of college!
"monday morning, first day of class, worst subject first, followed by worst subject again    chemistry back to back isn't the brightest idea "
"proverb i recently heard and loved \save pennies like they are dollars so someday you can spend dollars like they are pennies \"""""
i want to go back  sad 
blah human event is not working for me so far!
"even in its darkest passages, the heart is unconquerable  it is important that the body survives, but it is more meaningful that the human spirit prevails "
"you can close your eyes from the things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart on things you don't want to feel "
i dont suppose anyone has heard anything good or bad about the human event teacher ingram-waters?
so i would say asu is a horrible school but i'm going to make my statement even broader   schools in arizona are horrible! ever since i moved out here i have had nothing but problems and set backs  i'm really really begining to dread the fact that i didn't go to case western reserve university!!
hahaha going to the dining hall makes my day lol
ahh! just got back from swing dance lessons it was amazing!!!!! you have no idea how excited i am to finally learn some form of dancing!!  laugh   laugh 
looking forward to the football game tonight!  smile 
going home tomorrow!  smile 
i could watch dirty dancing and the notebook everyday and still never be tired of them 
does anybody know how to watch football on the internet?
r i p  ms  dupuis  sad 
a charm of hummingbirds 
can't wait to watch the steelers play tonight and then swing dancing!  smile 
polamalu was out second half but steelers still won!  smile 
not sure what to do tonight 
thinking i might go work out now   hmm not sure
thinking i should have typed my notes for psychology instead of writting them by hand 
rip <propfirst> swayze     he was an amazing actor and stayed strong for 20 months 
darn you adrielle for adding to my procrastination!  playful 
doing chemistry homework online is nonesense! the computer wont let me enter in the answer correctly which is causing my answer to be incorrect! grr!
oh how i loathe that the chemistry test was only 25 questions  blah  annoyed 
missing someone  sad 
loving the songs do i and history in the making
can't believe tomorrow is already monday 
if you know chemistry then you should help me! please  smile 
wondering how i am going to make six pages out of this topic for my thesis paper      
typically working out helps but today it only faded reality for that fraction of a time  as soon as i started heading back to my dorm reality took over   crying 
dang it im only at 877 words and im already out of ideas on what to write about  sad 
"homework should not deal with youtube videos because then you get distracted for an hour watching other pointless, yet humorous, videos "
yay! chemistry lecture cancelled tomorrow!  smile  that means i only have to get up at 6 smile 0 for one class then the weekend begins!
had a really good weekend
"love isn't about finding the perfect person, but learning to see an imperfect person perfectly"
"fine stands for: freaked out, insecure, neurotic, and emotional "
not a good day i wish it was over
can't escape constantly replaying certain negative aspects of the past    
wondering where this life is leading me       
ugh i wish i couldn't hear the karaoke from my dorm!!
i'm hungry! someone should show up at my door with some food  smile 
this weekend is going by way too fast 
i really want some celery and ranch     
does anyone have any elective classes they would recommend me taking in the spring?
oh the endless amount of homework      will it ever end?
"facebook e playful eriment--if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph in your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
i don't understand anything for my chemistry exam tomorrow!  sad  help!!
oh the lengths i will go to for procrastinating   yes i have resorted to sewing as a means of avoiding homework 
"\make sure you have finished speaking before your audience has finished listening \"""""
my bed is trying to kill me!!
why? that's it      
hey everyone my phone is broken so don't try texting or calling me 
had an amazing weekend  despite being phoneless    saw new <propfemale> last night  smile 
i have a new phone now but lost all my <propfirst> so send me your <propfirst> through text or on here!
and when you text me tell me who you are so i dont have to ask everytime 
so i have come to the conclusion that i must have been dropped on my head and it affected my ability to learn any form of chemistry    see professor scruggs it isn't my fault i don't understand any of the material  
for once i have absolutely nothing to do     and i don't like it     
i'm pretty sure my dogs are currently having a competition on who can snore the loudest 
ugh why isn' the dining hall open!!
getting ready for the first day of class this semester   hopefully it all goes well 
first day so far is going good i love my classes but anatomy is definitely going to be difficult!
does anyone know when the honors contracts are due?
