1deca2273bbd66a494e98eeec39ca900
anyone looking to get hold of me just let me know and i'll give u a phone that i will be at (or e-mail me)
is going crazy getting ready for college
has all the paper work done for college now waiting to see what i need for classes 
is realy hurtin from work
is bumbing that i only have week left before school but also can't wait
"is bumming* that i only have a week left before school, but i also can't wait!"
just got a laptop so i'm almost ready for school
can't wait till monday!!
in apilachin for the day
moved in yessss!
havin a blast at school
"got, tv, food and comp  i'm good until classes start "
job fair then idk
yes i don't have class tomarow
floor meeting back later
having fun at tc3 
chillin out havin fun
chillin
chillin
"is having a great time, but still missin home  who knows?"
is watching caddyshack!
is having a hard time trying to go to sleep in the past week and still is 
economics    then who knows?
"lovin college  hope everyone doesn't miss me back home, cuz i'm only goin to be home for a little bit this weekend "
goin to grt dinner then dongeball
i'm never doing 3 hours of dodgeball  or at least not until next week 
is back at school
is sick and is hating it 
"\the body says what words cannot \""                                 -<propfemale> <propmale>"""
"if any one has skype, hit me up at cedwardstc3"
if anyonehas skype let e know
"\in the land of the blind the one-eyed man is the king\"""""
i have 198 water balloons at my disposal  muuuwahahaha 
got a jot interview at 5 
"i got to my interview early like everyone tells u to, and 5 <propfemale> latter i'm washing dish's  no interview at all, and i put on a nice shirt  but it worked out in the end i got the job  (with complements from the owner)"
is so tired 
i have no food and i haven't eaten in 24 hours  i'm hoping that my mom put money in my account so i can eat before work 
is so tired again 
is done for the day and it's my day off  so just kickin back in the dorm  >)
work at 5-?
is done with work earlier than e playful ected
"is done with work, but have to go in at 6pm tomarrow"
not feeling so good some i'm going to get some rest before work 
work ugg 
is so tight right now cuz i lost my keys 
found my keys
had a great time at work today 
needs to to stop staying up late 
is enjoying his day off from school and work 
class ugg 
work then idk maybe some cod
i'm so mad and i don't even know why 
done with work! yes!!
work then maybe out to cortland
can't get to sleep
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works!"
work then idk
"back at home visiting with grandparents, then back to cortland on friday for work   sad "
home for the night then back to cortland so i can get to work
"on the bus heading back to cortland, work at 6, then idk"
nothing to do
"  \some of the greatest victories are celebrated in silence \"""""
work then maybe out to cortland to <propfemale> out with some friends for once 
can't find it in him to fall asleep at 5:28 in the morning 
"it seems that everyone is joining me in the single life  \table for one please\"""""
goin to play in the snow!!
sleding in the snow was amazing last night at 3 surprise 0 in the morning
is losing his mind
new hair cut thanks to my boy from the city dushon
"is not feeling so good, but ready to go home "
is ready to go home
"anyone looking for something to do tonight? from 6 smile 0 to 8 smile 0 west windsor baptist church is having his story, a multi-scene nativity  its pretty cool, live camels and donkeys, plus cookies and hot chocolate afterward  dress warm, part is inside and part is outside "
"anyone looking for something to do tonight? from 6 smile 0 to 8 smile 0 west windsor baptist church is having his story, a multi-scene nativity  its pretty cool, live camels and donkeys, plus cookies and hot chocolate afterward  dress warm, part is inside and part is outside "
is back in town
is goin to mr  woodruffs to help out with wood 
"i have a question to ask all of u facebookers out their  is there any one that can honestly say that they hate me, and if there is please e playful lain  if not then please e playful lain "
has nothing to do  any ideas?
is finding out new things on skype
"mom went to the mall, so i'm on my way to wait at the house so i can surprise her  if i don't get on tomarrow then <propfemale> christmas!"
"attention - read this and then re-copy it to your own status to get the word out: if you get a notification that says a friend reported you to facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do not click it  it's a virus  please post this on your own site for your friends"
someone help me get away from this bored-um
someone tell me theirs something going on tonight!
"there are only 10 types of people in the world  those that know binary code, and those that don't "
"freshman 15 is a lie, i lost 20 lbs"
sold my first set!
ctrl alt & (up)
having a good day
is stressed cuz no one is home
in my dorm wondering what to do
"describe me, in one word, using the third letter of your first name  this can be a bit fun or a little scary! after you respond, paste this on your status and see how people describe you"
1 more class then i'm done 
tell me how i got woke up at 7 smile 0 in the morning
"a person becomes an adult 3 years after they think they are, and 5 years before their parents think they are "
is so confused right now annoyed 
everything is staiten  out now
everything is straightened out now
"stands around looking back at high school, and see's nothing but school work  spine is no more, now it's time for people to know that <propfirst> edwards is here "
"has capps 111 then, idk probly some long needed sleep"
"can't sleep, and i need it"
"bio at 9, math at 11, engl at 1, and work at 6 "
"is just chillin, and thinking if he should participate in the biggest loser contest at school?"
"is not having a good day, i over slept for two of my classes and i'm not ready for the third"
is in class
"is and tired of people thinking that just because i'm big, it means that i can fight  it has gone to far this time, and i need to learn how "
"is sick and tired of people thinking that just because i'm big, it means that i can fight  it has gone to far this time, and i need to learn how "
is off to work
is off to work  playful 
is sick
is using windows 7
is going home sick
is feeling so much better
needs to get rid of this congestion soon so he can go back to school
"is ready to go back to school, and feels 100% better "
no class!!
i'm soooo bored!!
"is going to bed cuz their is nothing to do, and no one is here"
"is sooo bored again, and is dreding to go to work cuz i don't want to"
is off to work uhg
hates long weekends cuz their is no one here
is ay ok
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile : )    put this as your status and see how many likes you get!!"""
life gives us brief moments with another   but sometimes in those brief moments we get memories that last a life time  
"\yesterday is a cancelled check  tomorrow is a promissory note  today is cash  use it!\"""""
is going to play some ball till ?
the answer is: yes!
ok i guess i'm putting up this status cuz <propfirst> spruill is hot for edger sosa
rip <propfirst>
"is home and needs to get to sleep, cuz i have to get up at 6am"
is being bored out of my mind
just went 22 and 4 on cod with just the  44
<propmale> colbert is awsome
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness  they are not looking for a cure, only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour? special education week march 22nd to the 26th  go on, copy and paste, please"
is making breakfast
is bored
at school just wanting to go to sleep
"how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list   well, heres a task for you   i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met, i mean our first encounter ever, then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get  ill bet youll be amazed"
enjoying the amazing day
had an amazing time lastnight
is going to hid him self so he can get some work before class 
"is done hiding, and is now bored"
why does nothing go right when i want it to?
"copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1  crazy, 2  i'd marry you, 3  talkative, 4  sarcastic, 5  loveable, 6  moody, 7  dumb, 8  spoiled, 9  mouthy, 10  random, 11  hot, 12  funny, 13  woo woo  wink  , 14  amazing, 15  beautiful, 16  cute, 17  generous, 18  smart <propmale>"
"can some one tell me why i can't wake up for anything, my alarm clock doesn't wake me up or a phone call with my phone right next to me with the ringer on high"
"copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1  crazy, 2  i'd marry you, 3  talkative, 4  sarcastic, 5  loveable, 6  moody, 7  dumb, 8  spoiled, 9  mouthy, 10  random, 11  hot, 12  funny, 13  woo woo  wink  , 14  amazing, 15  beautiful, 16  cute, 17  generous, 18  smart <propmale>"
"i haven't <propfirst> hymns in a while, but it was nice"
"i soooo bord of math class right now, i wish i can just leave"
there is absolutely nothing to do
is doing some laundry
is chilling
does a 10 lb bag of flour make a really big biscuit?
"out at paint ball, won't be back till latter"
"out paint-balling, be back latter "
"paint-ball was amazing, not just relaxing (maybe eating sudses)"
"awkwardness follows me everywhere i go now, can't wait to go home for summer"
"goin to get some subway, then work"
in my dorm by myself cuz everyone ditched me
paint-ball again
i do stupid things some times  i have no common sense
"packing, then home"
home yes
"chillin, hit me up"
is gonna try to find a job tomorrow
is soooo bored 
can't think of anything
is at core group
is bored  any ideas?
"<propfemale> <propfirst> barrows i found out how to tag ppl, a month to late tho"
is goin campin
is home and has sunburn on my neck and face
havin fun with fireworks
playin cod
"when i say hilshar, you say farm  hilsar!   "
is going up to dryden for a little while
"back home, all set for the fall except my housing contract"
"went out with my sister driving, idk if i'm ready for that again"
is bored
"anyone need some odd jobs done arond the house, cuz i am bored and need some money"
"lets \do it\"""""
"got the job!!!! subway, eat fresh!"
"official interview in the morning, then who knows "
i start workin wednesday
if ur brave copy this into ur status and see what people rate you: (1) crazy (2) i'd marry you (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) loveable (6) clubhead (7) moody ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) mouthy (11) random (12) hot (13)funny (14) fit (15) amazing (16) beautiful (17) cute (1 smile  rude (19) simple (20) cool  smile 
"one more day of boredom, the i start work finally!"
"one more day of boredom, then i start work finally!"
"swimmin, hit me up if ur bored"
"all the crazy s*it  i did tonight, those will be the best memories \i just want to let it go for the night, that will be the best therapy for me "
"all the crazy s*it i did tonight,\ those will be the best memories \i just want to let it go for the night,\ that will be the best therapy for me "
"work was ok, don't have to work again till saturday"
"is bored,any have any ideas"
work from 5-9
"anyone interested in riding up to syracuse airport with me tomorrow night, i need some company to keep me awake "
"work from 4-8, then up to syracuse"
"chillin, waiting to go to work"
"bored, hit me up"
working from 4-9
i'm actually sore from work
is pretty tired
"got called in to work, but it's more hours for me so it's good"
"is sore from work, again "
work from 3-9
"done with work, and now to go swimming"
"93 degrees out, i'm glad i have a pool that i can use"
"work 12-5, then idk"
working 9-?
just spent almost half my pay check on a fishing pole and fishing license  i think paintball might be the better hobby to do now 
"work again for the 2nd time today, 5-?"
"it's supposed to be my day off and i get called into work, not once, but twice today "
work from 11-?
needs to do something productive before he goes insane
workin
"drink, smoke, and eat a lot of chocolate  and you won't get worms "
just had a door-to-door sales person at my door selling kids books
just chillin
work 4-9
"rain rain go away, come again another day"
"work 4-9, then idk"
thank you everyone for the birthday wish's 
"who knows me best? my full name, age, birthday, eye color, at least 3 of my best friends, and a <propmale> name  copy to your status and see who knows you best"
work 10-3
out to dinner with my ant
"tgif, finally got a spiedie fest button"
just loves finding $ that he thought he didn't have  even if it is a dollar
"messed up my wrist, and some one smashed the window out on my moms <propfirst> "
"just found out theres no dorms left at tc3, if anyone in dryden wants a roommate let me know soon "
anyone want to find an apt  and split the rent in binghamton?
"i got to stop walking when i can't sleep, it's starting to get boring"
"still trying to find an additional job and an apartment, if anyone needs a roommate let me know "
tell me how i got a ticket for walking across a railroad
work from 3-9
"just sitin and waitin, think of anything let me know"
going to check on some applications then idk
"just chillin, if ur around and bored like me let me know"
"sheeesh, i'm stresssed"
work for a little bit then idk
"don't know what i'm doing tonight, hit me up"
stressssded!!!!!
work from 3-8
"got a 2nd job, now i just have to get an apparment"
"court then wor, then idk"
"ok everyone, military or not?"
relaxing for now
"work from 8-2 or 3, then idk"
chillin
"got the apartment, just have to wait till monday to do anything"
"bored, work soon"
waitin for <propfirst> then gonna move into my apt
moved in
"moved in, and unpacked"
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
"chillin, <propfemale> bored right now"
soooooo bored
work
full name:___________age:________ birthday:___________ eye color:_________nickname:___________ bestfriend:______________ favorite color:__________post this to your wall and see who knows you
"the slicer at work and i, are at war  so far the slicer is 3-0"
does domino's use an automated answering serves now?
pizza!
so wut up
go dolphins
whats up
whats good for tonight?
"went to get halloween decorations, found christmas ones instead  really, christmas is over 2 months away"
"got a ps3, cod it is"
playin some cod
dish's are done  apt clean  cod for now
who wants to start going to the gym?
long night
go miami
"you and i wake up in jail together         using only four words, what would yousay to me? (if you comment, you have to copy and paste this in your status - fair is fair - play along!)"
got an a c and kitchen chairs  smile 
"children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i request anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all the children who learn a little differently    ?"
who wants to carve pumpkins?
"left my phone in my moms car, so get at me on here"
put this on your status if you know someone are relatedto someone who suffers from being a <propfirst> cowboys fan  being a cowboysfan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is stillno known cure for dcf and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  90% of cowboys fans wont repost this
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache   when you open it, he collapses   when he sees you reading it, he faints   and when you are about to repost this message, he will try and discourage you   i defeated him, i reposted!"
9 more days
"starting full time at subway today, 1-9 mon-fri"
8 more days
5 more days
"dang, i can't get the presteige edition of black ops"
yo who wants to play paint-ball?
black ops is sick
"sooooooooooo bored, no customers in an hour"
"\thank god for rednecks!\"""""
hittin up cortland
needs to get a life
chillin playin cod hit me up
stuck at a gas station
chillin
sooooo bored
no wwbc awana or youth group   due to ice and flooding
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? tonot see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  *join the fightagainst child abuse*  copy & paste to your status and invite yourfriends to do the same"
"chilling at home, no phone till thursday or friday "
pretty slow at subway right now
"remember: cell phone <propfirst> go public this month  \reminder      all cell phone <propfirst> are being released to telemarketing\companies and you will start to receive sales calls \\     you will be charged for these calls\\to prevent this, call the following number from your cell phone annoyed 888-382-1222 \it is the national do not call list it will only take a minute of your\time  "
my cuzn's baby's daddy's lil bruda's bes fren's uncle's x-wife's boyfren's mama's awnt's ne laugh oe neigba's susta in law said tell you mur cripmus!
"put this as your status and see what color you get commented annoyed red: i love you\pink: your cute\green: funny\white: i used to like you\yellow: your a good friend\black: i miss you\blue: friends forever\purple: your hot\brown: your sweet\aqua: i want to be yours forever\grey: your a retard but i love you"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do  \[like] this status if you think i am a good friend  \[message] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  \[comment] on this if we have had good memories  \post this as you status and see what you get"
chillin at work
"internet, finally!"
assassins creed online
"just chillin, get at me if u want to do something"
"work for 3hrs, then monster trucks with my lil bro's and my dad"
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and the people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right  forget about the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is part of life     getting back up is living    re-post if you agree"
hacked
im a fathead that works at subway
car crash's suck
"wrecked my mom's car, i'm ok  my laptop isn't working, so call me to get a hold of me"
hi everybody
asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  too many to mention have fought and are fighting it  i hope to see this in    the status of all my family and friends
"work 1-9, want to do something hit me up afterwards"
"if your dad was a hard working man and was your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad  i love my dad!"
work 1 -9
"cleaning right now, idk afterwards  get at me"
"cod for a little bit then work 1-9, so whats good for tonight?"
"more and more business each week, it's starting to feel like work "
gonna be in windsor for a lil while
"got a car today, still have to do a few things with it and i'm good to go"
"put this as your status and see what people rate you     1)crazy, 2)i'd kiss you, 3)attractive, 4)wierd, 5)i miss you, 6)best friends laugh , 7)sexy,  smile smart, 9)dumb, 10)tough, 11)cute, 12)handsome, 13)nerd, 14)i'm in love with you, 15)i love you!, 16)totally awesome, 17)glad we met, 1 smile asshole\i'm bored what the hey"
whats up world?
snowed in with nothing to do
"sibling war!!! copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting, it's so true!  smile "
can't believe i have to get a new router for some stupid reason 
"this is funny, \go to your profile  the first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\""\",1deca2273bbd66a494e98eeec39ca900,"had a great time with my dad and brothers at monster jam, definitely would like to do that again "
"i'm flyin high, fine as wine, having my-self a big and <propmale> time"
"work 1-9, let me know if you want to do something"
the girl you just called fat has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her the boy you just tripped is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  repost if you are against bullying 
"anyone that uses facetime app, add me cedwards12345@yahoo com"
wuts good for tonight?
"it took thousands of professionals to build the titanic, and only one amateur to build the ark   whats the difference?"
got my car on the road today
"chillin, don't know what to do"
so bored right now
"greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  (thx <propfirst> head)"
can't wait for the summer!
"let's be clear on this: obama did not kill bin laden  an american soldier, who obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to pay, did  obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found obl and took him out  this is not an obama victory, but an american victory!! plz repost if you agree!!!"
