fcd515c0db0190b120d542cc84c60f69
"took some meds, ate chicken noodle soup, and is about to head to bed for the rest of the day! ahhh   "
is sick and will be flying out on friday  blah 
wonders what a person packs for when she leaves for good  no longer coming back from vacation   sad 
is leaving to the states tomorrow  i'm gonna miss my friends and family   sad (
"is in texas  boy, is it humid here    smile "
will be shopping for clothes for texas weather   smile )
just went shopping for life  and still not done  argh 
fell in love with a scion  but instead got a vw gti 2 0  i still love it tho 
is celebrating her birthday in style   smile 
will be cleaning today  blah 
actually likes to drive her car w out her teacher   laugh 
is going to walmart!  smile 
successfully got to walmart and back by herself  woot!
loving everyday more and more
is enjoying life
went school shopping  starting over is not fun 
is going to the college later and then shoppinggggggg 
cannot wait till college starts  yikes!
can find her way anywhere in europe  but in the states? forget it 
is excited for college! 21 more days!
is going on a short road trip    smile 
misses her friends    sad 
needs to get her school books  blah   
has got chores to do around town   yay 
hates rain   although there will be a meteor shower tomorrow!
is nervous excited about college 
has an interview in a few hours and then student orietnation  yay 
will be attending college next monday! oh em gee 
"is going to hate gym  i have a lecture for one and then work-out for two  oh, and i have to do a 1 5 mile run next week  joy to the world "
"thinks college is not that bad, after all "
is so glad that she doesn't have math till next month! yay!
had an intense hour-one work out  it was great  and i'm gonna be sore as hell tomorrow morning!
is bored  blah 
thinks the school should really clean their keyboards  ew  
is getting eaten alive by bugs  argh 
has a friend in you   smile 
is excited for a lot of things  hehe    laugh 
is most definitely not going to like english  blah 
is exhausted  argh   and coffee stinks 
is pretty darn happy  altho it's been raining   smile 
has a wonderful weekend  spread the joy!
thinks that if life got any better then something has to be wrong  but i'm gonna enjoy it for now   laugh 
feels the need to 'hibernate' yet it is warm and <propfemale> as if it was mid-june 
"had a history exam and a piano quiz  argh, hopefully i passed "
thinks that college is simply amazing  who knew a person could be so happy without drama in their life?! high school was way too dramatic 
will be cooking tomorrow for someone special   smile 
hasn't been sleeping well lately  argh 
"never wants to have to take cpr and first aid ever again  although in a year to come, i'll probably have too  argh  why do things gotta e playful ire?"
is enjoying life  until tomorrow when i start math for four hours every tuesday thursday  kill me now 
is praying that everything is alright   sad 
feels like crap   argh 
is full of love and joy!  smile  and i possibly got a job  just gotta do one more thing and then i'm in! woot woot!!!
is upset  leave me alone 
is exhausted  being sick sucks  altho i will be seeing a football game tonight  woot woot   
"thinks that texas city is gay  lol  we lost 17-33 to friendswood  altho half-time was amazing  gotta love marching band, color guard, and the dancers   smile "
is enjoying life and is full of loveeeee   laugh 
is not in the mood for mondays  argh   mondays 
has decided to call math class hell  yup  hell 
does anyone know how to eject a cd that isn't showing up on your computer (and the computer doesn't have a button to eject it)?
is starting to wonder if college of the mainland is even right for her  hmmm 
is wondering why all of a sudden her computer does not want to burn cd's   and i just bought them too!!!!!!
is going to have a busy day! ahhh!  smile 
is bored  ahhh    get at me   smile 
is excited and a little nervous     smile 
is enjoying life   laugh 
is studying history   argghhh history 
hopes she passed her history exam  ahhh it was way too easy  hmm something must be up 
pretty much got the job   laugh 
passed her history exam with an 84  haha  and i think i beasted my piano performance  woot woot!
never thought she could be this happy   laugh &hearts;
is not on top of her game this week  argh    sad 
has skype  add me! shanonokitt
is not feeling the love   sad  miss my friends 
had an awesome weekend  woo hoo!
finally got a new ipod  since her old nano broke   sad 
is conflicted  hmm 
is starting to realize that her weeks are getting much more busier  hmmm 
got sick over the weekend  but otherwise then that i had fun!  smile 
is still feeling sick  argh 
feels better  finally!!!!!!
had a long but fun night!
loves how in november people are still wearing summer clothing  gotta love some parts of texas 
is wondering   
what's a good arguable topic for a research paper?
30 more days and i'll be flying back home!  smile 
"be happy, happy, happy!!!! pretty please?  smile "
is excited  i have a training seminar tomorrow   smile  hopefully i'll get the job as a sales person!! eekkk   laugh 
is about to head towards the training seminar! eekk! wish me luck!
                          
don't tell me that something good will come out of something horrible  i don't want to hear it  mmk? thanks 
is thoughtful    
had a really great weekend  &hearts;&hearts;
registered for my classes  woo hoo   
feels like her heart is going to burst  i love you   love 
wishes she was with her man right now  ahh finals!
"finds it extremely stupid that you can't block a phone number from calling you  so if a person were to harass you on the phone, you'd have to get a new phone number  stupid "
can't wait to see her boyfran this weekend and then seeing her bestie in germany next weekend!!!!!!!! <propfemale> excited!
"got a 94 on her psychology essay and beasted on the psychology final  also, i know my piece for my piano final tomorrow  yay!!!  laugh  hopefully this week will get better then "
is finally done with the fall semester!! yesss
is flying out to germany tomorrow and will be there on thursday   smile 
had to wait 12 hours in <propfirst> and then now is in germany  woo hoo 
"is going to take pictures of all the snow for <propfirst> and then watch her brother shove snow around  hahahahahaha  ahh, i definitely missed my family germany "
definitely missed her family and home   smile  glad to be back 
so it's really snowing this year  woo hoo   snow   so much fun  i hope it doesn't ruin any plans this week and next  especially when i leave   annoyed 
"so on top of the snow we've been having, we also have freezing rain  woo hoo  winter time  yay "
<propfemale> christmas!!!
gets to see her goddaughter very soon!! so excited!
loves her family!!!  laugh 
"is back in texas   well, happy new years!"
happy new year! hope everyone began it with a blast!
had breakfast with my brother and mom  it was nice to eat with the family again   smile 
"is feeling much, much better  woohoo "
is now actually in more pain  arrggghhh i hate colds 
"wants to get better  mutti, where are you? lol "
      
&hearts;
&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;tomorrow&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
is looking forward to this weekend  last day of class and i'm out at 12! woot!
thinks that her ethics (aka intro to philosophy class) definitely makes my day   smile 
is going to enjoy her weekend   smile  relaxation time!
 sad (
"wishes her bestie was here, <propfemale> paulhamus   sad "
"is glad everything is a-okay  and the weather is really nice too    laugh  gotta love some parts of texas, eh?"
dear <propfirst> made me realize how much i really <propfemale> my dad and family   smile 
had a wonderful day with the boyfriend  &hearts;
&hearts;&hearts;
happy <propfirst>'s day!  love 
can't decide if it's going to be a good or bad week  hmmm 
just got asked if my parents were home  do i really look that young?!
is tired  sad 
"pretty much had a good week   smile  you were right, <propfirst> <propfirst> corpuz   joyful "
finally found my purple fuzzy socks!  laugh 
might possibly be getting sick   sad 
is sick   sad 
     
is home alone   sad 
is busy doing homework for a debate and studying  ahh   
passed her state inspection in 10 minutes! woo hoo   smile 
"had a very nice day with the boyfriend, <propfirst> <propfirst> corpuz  &hearts;"
love  &hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
had a nice day   smile 
"had fun time at the galleria mall with <propfirst> <propfirst> corpuz, <propfirst> <propfemale>, and <propmale> "
had fun tonight   smile  i'm glad i went 
"bye, bye spring break and hello school!  annoyed "
got a free album by trae and even saw him in singing in person last night  yup   
homework  argh 
obviously cannot cut an apple  it ends in terrible bloody results   annoyed 
happy easter!
does anyone have pictures from the ap berlin trip?
                          
saw a baby duck get attacked by seagulls  where was the mama? nowhere   sad (
wonders if this is going to be a great weekend or a very disappointing one  hmmm  time will tell!
is going to be quite busy for the next upcoming weeks until the semester ends  and then back to germany for a month  woo 
feels sick  argh 
life  what ever shall i do with you?
sore throat   annoyed  thank goodness i only have one class tomorrow   
can't sleep and feeling worse by the hour   sad 
is going shopping with <propfemale> diaz! woot
 laugh  &hearts;&hearts;
feels sick  note to self: never take nighttime cold medicine ever again  argh  cvs you are an epic fail 
"has a scar from my epic fail of cutting an apple  yay! more news, it actually still hurts a little  weirrrrrddddd "
is an epic failure 
rawr
ich liebe dich 
had one busy day  and it's not even finished  argh 
blah  playful 
cannot wait till this semester ends!
     sad               
rawr!   surprise 
had a lot of fun tonight! thanks <propfemale> diaz for inviting me tonight  thanks <propfirst> <propfirst> corpuz for all those darn squats   smile  ahhh in a crunk mood!
crown holders! ch
[crown holders™]
doing homework and studying for history  blahhhhhhhhhh  [crown holders™]
happy mother's day!
going to school to take my last two finals and then i'm done for semester!  smile 
done with the semester and my first year of college! woot  now off to germany on the 22nd   
it's storming really bad  there's been a flood warning in my area   sad  and i'm by myself 
"just went out there to my car up to the driveway! omg, it's storming out like crazy  the lightening lit up the whole sky  and on top of that, there's water everywhere! it might flood after all     sad ("
will be in germany on sunday 
"is going to berlin with my bestie, <propfemale> paulhamus (<propfemale> bohama!)  sooo excited!"
"hanging out with my love all day   smile  don't contact me   haha no, i'm jk   smile "
is leaving tomorrow for germany  today; cleaning   smile 
hoping i didn't forget anything    oooorrrrr overpacked  hahahaha 
in germany!  smile  hit me up
ich liebe es   
is hanging out with the bestie today! awesome
"rain, rain, go away! argh "
thinking about getting my hair trimmed (possibility) and running in the evening (more then likely) 
lmao! hahaha  did you know you can have english (pirate)?! and english (upside down)?! you should try it   pirate is hilarious 
waiting   
it's raining again    argh!
   whatever   
"thinking about dying my hair again  this time, natural  i want to donate my hair when it gets longer but i don't think they take dyed hair, huh? too bad   i really like what i have now "
"argh  when is it going to be warm again? jeez, i'm gonna go back to texas white   sad "
studying    argh
misses her people   sad 
had an amazing night with the friends   smile 
gets to see her goddaughter walking and talking today! now all i have to do is teach her english   bwahahahaha
so there's this horse nearby   and it keeps making me horse noises  lol  it's weird!
had a really night at the fest with <propfemale> paulhamus and <propmale> baldwin! those last two rides made me sick though  sad 
"argh  rain  and really loud, scary, thunder!  sad  it was such a nice day today too   "
    
"berlin, berlin, berlin! two more days!"
got my in germany license  woot  let's wreck some havoc 
argh! it is always raining  what is up with that!?!?!?
berlin!  laugh 
ahh  berlin is wonderful   smile  and the weather is also very nice! hehe  be jealous   playful 
"is finally, finally tanning  thank goodness the sun is out! it is a beautiful day in berlin  love it "
another wonderful day night in berlin  tomorrow hopefully will also be a great day   smile 
had an amazing time in berlin! even came back sunburnt as heck! ahhh one of these days i'll return for a third time  laugh 
deutschland! deutschland! deutschland! kick them aussie's butts!
deutschland won! now all we need to do is win the world cup! go germany!
people frustrate me sometimes  argh  whatever 
what should i do for my bday next sunday (27th)? i'll be in texas then   wink 
is driving onto post tomorrow! ahhh i miss driving a standard! but my automatic car is still my baby!
is so dumb  #1 world class fool 
missed driving a standard  but i could do without the sensitive clutch on first gear  and crazy germans not stopping for nothing 
"drove to baumholder, dropped bro off, got gas, and got my hair cut! woot  now maybe cleaning   "
"<propfemale> paulhamus, hopefully <propfemale> money, and i will be going to btown downtown tomorrow night, if a bust, ktown instead! hopefully we see people we know    smile "
"is going to watch every episode of bones until i'm sleepy  i love, love, love this show!"
happy father's day!
"spend the last day with her friends  rest of the time   family and packing, i guess! lol  had fun today "
had a nice day with mom  went and visited the beautiful and old city herrstein!
is flying back to texas tomorrow 
"is back in texas, safe and sound "
"finally ate at taco cabana  this is for you, <propfirst> <propmale> "
birthday girl  woo hoo 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes!  smile 
"now that the week has started, it's time for business  woo "
argh  <propfirst>  obviously bad timing on my part to come back 
had an amazing night   smile  but today looks bad   it's raining  again 
"made <propmale> pancakes and brotchen  mmmm, delicious!"
is cooking tonight  mmmm   laugh 
finally got around to cooking for my man!  laugh  it was delish  now i need to bake   smile 
finally deleted myspace  woo 
wants to see toy story 3 already! argh 
whatever 
baked some cheesecake cupcakes  woo hoo  i'm kinda starting to like cooking baking   smile 
"facebook, seriously, do you really need to keep changing silly things?"
is finally going to see toy story 3 tonight!!! yay!
"saw toy story 3!! oh em gee  love it, but so sad at the same time "
hmm  who wants cake?
i love you and goodbye 
"i'm a little interested in this, so i'm doing it too  like my status and i'll tell you one thing i like,one thing i dislike, my first impression of you and a confession i haveabout you"
doesn't know what to do or think anymore    argh 
school in a couple of hours  blah 
is in a fairly good mood  even if i barely had any sleep and had class at 8am   playful  i see a potential good semester and potential good friends 
"so far is having a really good day  i absolutely love my cycling class! the work out in itself is amazing but the fellow students and instructor are so much fun! yeah, this is going to be a good semester   laugh "
had a really good workout today! can't wait till tomorrow to do it again!  laugh 
had a really fun night! wish i could have stayed longer but i have school  argh 
is sick  argh  i blame the schools ac 
is finally better 
                              
is going on a diet 
is furious 
can't wait for the weekend  hehe 
is going to the malllllllllll   smile 
"life is a ball  so, i guess i need to learn how to waltz  bwahahahaha   smile "
"tripped up the stairs, flayed her hand out, and hit it on the rail  ow, ow, ow "
"\i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this\"""""
thunder   annoyed 
hates this weather 
had a good workout! i'm going to feel those sprints in the morning   =p
made brotchen   smile  thanking about making cookies this weekend  who wants some?
had an amazing work out! i'm <propfemale> sore! argh 
's parents will be here shortly   smile 
has a second interview! hehe  yay  also saw dinner for schmucks with my brotha! waiting for the rest of the family to come home  
"so, besides my family flying and getting a second interview which hopefully will lead to a job, this has been one of the worst weeks ever   annoyed "
i love my family   smile 
"hmm  tomorrow, swimming, car wash, <propfemale> with family, later movies with bro  saturday family time and fishing! sunday mom and daughter day at galleria  hopefully a spa gets involved  lol, i'm sore "
is getting addicted to the post-workout feel   laugh 
had a good run with my workout <propmale>  oh yeah   laugh 
is having a mother daughter day at the galleria   laugh 
had a really good day with my mother   smile 
's family leaves this week   sad ( argh 
needs to do something this weekend   smile 
"will be going to <propfemale> to visit her best friend, <propfemale> paulhamus next week  yay!  laugh "
's family just left   sad  here's to seeing them again in december  argh 
"\we are not what we shall be but we are growing toward it  the process is not yet finished but it is going on  this is not the end but it is the road \"""""
must be getting high during workouts because she giggles uncontrollably at random moments  those endorphins really do kick-in  bwahahaha   laugh 
"had a very chill yet productive day  i cooked dinner and baked cheesecake cupcakes, then afterwards <propmale> out with wil and his family   smile "
"i am not seeing anyone, nor am i interested in anyone  i am allowed friends of the opposite sex  jeez  got it, people? -_-"
"wants to go back in the past where she was happy and in love not heartbroken and living day by day  love and relationships, in my opinion, can go to hell   smile "
is completely and utterly sore 
"\loss leaves us empty - but learn not to close your heart and mind in grief  allow life to replenish you  when sorrow comes it seems impossible - but new joys wait to fill the void \"" -- <propfemale> brown"""
will be cooking all day   smile  guess what i'm making! it's a lot of stuff 
is getting tired of cooking  been at it since 10 smile 0 this morning  almost done!  annoyed 
had a fun evening night  yay 
i miss you   heart-broken 
has an interview at teavana  they make amazing tea  i'm excited!
 smile 
first day of fall semester  meh 
happpppyyyy   smile 
"\there is no happiness; there are only moments of happiness \"" my moments are greatly increasing   smile """
rain and thunder is not my cup of tea   annoyed 
has been making very healthy food for the past days  getting really good at cooking!  laugh 
had a fun weekend   smile 
complicated 
"sometimes, i don't understand the way life works "
"my life has turned into a direction that i thought i would never even glance at  i think it has made me more sad and more of an adult than i had ever wanted, considering the reason behind it   annoyed "
sometimes wishes she could become a child again  everything was so much easier 
time to make cupcakes for tomorrow? i think yes!  love 
had a really nice day  thanks guys   laugh 
it will never cease to amaze me how the beginning of fall in texas feels like spring in germany   love 
can't wait till germany!!!  smile 
needs this semester to end already   playful 
"for the first time since i've dyed my hair, i want it to be natural "
 love 
is going insane 
there were two death threats at my college last week on thursday  the school called the police but didn't feel the need to inform the students that there was a <propmale> we could all die in a given moment  -_-
there are two choices in life: settle or take risks  i have decided to take risks  hmm  wonder what will happen?
buzz fest was awesomeeeee  had a lot of fun!  smile 
 sad (
spends way too much time at school  -_-
"be careful what you wish for  when it happens, you might not like it   annoyed "
hmmmm 
while in the shower: i flipped my hair behind my shoulder and somehow it wrapped itself around the hose of my shower head  -_- i don't know whether to be happy my hair is that long or be annoyed 
"today, i am the happiest person on earth  i feel so light and happy   laugh "
last night was fun but i need to work on my pool skills 
got the flu shot yesterday  it still hurts   sad 
"\hopelessly i'm taking a mental picture of you now 'cause hopelessly the hope is we have so much to feel good about\"" good life by onerepublic"""
today is a really nice day   smile 
i love boobies!
is going to be riding a steam engine  yup   
is registered for spring 2011 
i love rock music  amazing 
so ready for germany   
going the museum of fine arts <propmale> this evening 
had a blow out tire 
are you afraid of the dark?
is going to the shooting range  hmmm  see what happens 
actually had fun at the shooting range  not something i would want to do for the rest of my life but it was a good e playful erience to have 
love  love 
"has been in a donating mood for awhile  let's see, donated to breast cancer, setting up clothes to donate, donating hair after i grow it out some more, what else? any suggestions? and places?"
"\how i wish you could see the potential the potential of you and me\"""""
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"a cold front  bye, bye to 80 degrees   boo   annoyed "
believe it's hot coca time!
christmas shopping   love 
3 weeks till germany!
talking to old friends is awesome   smile 
"\we cannot change anything unless we accept it \"" <propfirst> <propfemale>"""
applying for jobs  let's see how that goes 
why is there frost on the ground and on my windows in texas? terrible!
freaking dinosaurs  -_-
who wants to go shopping tomorrow?
woohoo! almost 80 degrees f  awesomeeeeee!
"just made some awesome spaghetti and garlic bread, if i do say so myself "
 love  love  love 
it's finally getting really cold down here in texas   sad  boo 
scientists should figure out a way to use salt water to fuel cars instead of gas  we have plenty of that therefore they shouldn't be allowed to charge these ridiculous rates  honestly!
the nutcracker ballet was amazing! they were all so beautiful!
27 degrees f in texas  wth   annoyed 
"studying for exams and getting to leave for germany  argh  oh well, ready to go and see the family! totally not ready for the snow though   annoyed "
"finished my gov't final  argh  i hope i did good  so just need to pack, clean, and study for <propmale> history final  blah "
i have been running on naps  o o crazy 
"finally, i am done with this semester! now it's time to relax in germany with my family and bestie   smile "
about to fly to germany! excited to see the family!
i am back in germany! woot!
going to a christmas party tonight with the family! should be fun   right?
"so, i won <propfemale>'s secret lotion, so sexy shampoo and conditioner, a cell phone, a gps, and a thermo  woot, woot  the christmas party was fun after all!"
"if i get stuck in the house this whole entire time i'm here, i will go insane  stop snowing germany! now "
making cookies today while finishing decorating the tree and wrapping gifts!  smile 
the christmas market in k-town is terrible! argh 
littlebigplanet   smile 
mmm  made some delicious oatmeal cookies! chocolate chip ones tomorrow!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas!  smile 
saw my goddaughter! she's getting so big!  smile 
finally get to get out of my house! i thought i was going to go insane  heading to the mall and hooters with bestie!  smile 
new years in amsterdam with the bestie and brother! should be fun 
crazy night   annoyed 
new years in amsterdam! so excited 
made hot and spicy tofu for the family! even the carnivore aka my dad liked it   smile 
"some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread  both contribute to make the whole picture beautiful and unique "
nothing beats a mug of hot cocoa on a cold day  almost makes me miss the days when it was snowing constantly  almost 
it's snowing! d:<
possibly more flooding in my area  so long as it doesn't flood the roads we should be good   annoyed 
can't wait till your highness is out in theaters!
"so, my car has an oil leak   sad "
pop rocks!
it was nice to eat breakfast with my mom  definitely will miss it   annoyed 
last day in germany   sad 
"flexitarian; a person who eats a predominantly vegetarian diet, but who eats meat or fish occasionally  what are you?"
back in the states 
burnt my hand   annoyed 
school tomorrow   annoyed 
"new year, new start "
"this semester has a negative outlook  however, i am going to beast it  simple as that "
movies with <propfemale> nguyen later today!
"terrible, terrible nightmare  hope it never comes true "
had a productive day  worked out and went job hunting 
"when it comes to what i want in a relationship, platonic or romantic, i think too much like a guy  what i want is what i want  no drama and no stress "
studying   annoyed  need to buckle down early in studying for this semester to be a complete success  study group later!  smile 
studying group with <propfemale> nguyen was fun!
"bettering myself and this semester? check  now, i just need to keep it up! still a few decisions to make but everything so far is going good "
got my daily dose of endorphins  good workout! now time to study for the biology test   which i have every week 
"damn good workout! tomorrow will be the third day of being sore, i can tell already "
going to <propmale>!  love 
argh!
party   love 
had a good new year! two new years in one  awesomeeeee 
i deserve way better   heart-broken 
"i wish people would just grow up and be honest and direct  it would save a lot of time and a lot of pain  maturity and respect, is that so hard to ask for?"
"my stomach as been hurting all week! argh  on top of it, texans crack me up on how they are treating this cold weather  no snow, no ice, no sleet, and everyone stays at home instead of going to class  funny!"
"texans sure are afraid of cold weather  just drove home in ice rain, and the cos ways are covered in salt  not a bad thing since i have no snow tires, but jeez   that would come handy in germany, not so much here "
wow  yeah  whatever 
"got a ford escape suv as my rental! it's amazing  i love it  also, 19 kills on cod: black ops! hell yeah!"
really intense and hard work out  i found an excellent motivator  screw you   smile 
"you know, sometimes you have to post the whole song and not just a line or two   "
who wants to go running tomorrow?!
i hate biology  i can't even find any of the answers in the book or notes  wtf 
going to <propmale>!  love   smile 
finally got a job   smile  start training on wednesday!
who wants to drive around tomorrow?
waiting doesn't seem too hard   maybe 
let's go running!
"i just want to punch you in the face, <propfemale> bad "
only two days of training and i did not mess up on my first try at waiting tables  hell yeah 
"cleaning, laundry, and studying  yay "
"despite how early i woke up, today has been a productive day  went to school, running, and work   smile  now, i just need to wind down to go to sleep! menu test tomorrow at work  annoyed "
we did blood typing in our lab today  i'm an a  cool stuff  took forever to even a droplet of blood though 
"despite everything that has happened, i am actually happy  even though, i have nothing going for me right now  odd   but i'm enjoying the happiness while it lasts   smile  it must be those hard work outs! endorphins   gotta love them "
my arms are killing me d:
"i love my job  honestly, i do  so   come one, come all to gumbo bar in league city!"
going to uhcl open house
full-time student and full-time waitress  hmm  i see many busy days ahead 
i love my coworkers! they're all so much fun   smile 
"who wants to go clubbing tomorrow night?! i need to dance, be with some friends, and release some stress by having a fun work out aka dancing  haha "
gas is $3 39 now  wtf 
i need to do somethingggggg 
"i need a real man who will always tell the truth   smile  on the plus side, i  love  my coworkers  we're all a great team   for the most part  haha "
i hate being a broke college student  d:<
"day off of work: study for lab practical, study for math midterm, and study for psych test  woo hoo! loving it  -_-"
day off  thinking about baking for my coworkers   smile 
working everyday next week except for friday  ahh    the life of a broke college student   annoyed 
i hate thunderstorms! i hope they're done   annoyed 
 love   smile  life is good sometimes 
day off   love 
"went to bank, got a c fixed in my car, and got my hair cut  productive day in my opinion   smile "
"got a $9,000 scholarship for three years at a university for simply having good academics  awesome "
you make things so much more difficult then it should be   love   smile 
shopping at the woodlands! <propfirst> <propmale> state university tomorrow!  smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> vs  sfa  tough choices   annoyed 
no idea where i want to transfer too   annoyed 
"i literally burnt my eye this morning  great, not like i was sick to begin with   annoyed "
"does anyone use clear care contact solution? apparently, it's too strong for me  i've only used it once and i'd like to get rid of it by someone else using it and not throwing it away "
i need two or three roommates so i can move out 
"went to radio shack to talk about my phone contract and getting a new phone for tomorrow, got holed up for an hour, and not even two hours later the guy texts me  funny   smile "
send me contact pictures! new phone   smile 
it's scary how i'm starting to detach myself emotionally from people  hm 
gas prices are fetting to be outrageous! where's my horse when i need it? isn't that what a texan supposed to ride with to school and work?
words with friends: aelinya  add me!
worked behind the bar today  crazzzyyyy 
i am restless  i need to do something crazy 
i miss my parents and germany   sad 
"i've been studying math all day and still not done! on top of that, i'm not sure if i have a pysch test tomorrow   annoyed  this semester sucks "
"later on today, i will find out if i need eye surgery or not   annoyed "
worst year ever 
berlin or texas?  annoyed 
"if i told you that i'd want you and only you, what would you say   ?  smile   love  bwhahahahahaha "
making cheesecake cupcakes!
happy mother's day!  love 
