01acca99acc2c15b5448e35319894818
women and their shenanigans
divine celestial patriarch dallin is at your service
done with your shit     don't like it? fuck your self
got the job at tmcc i start on monday    only two more days of being a cabbie!!!!
getting your boys frozen isn't too bad    more e playful ensive than i thought but its worth it!
long freakin day! 1 hour and 15 minutes to go! who wants to shoot me in the head?
ah a nice relaxing day at work
love reno  one day snow one day rain next day foggy and <propfemale>! hahaha
heading to tahoe! beautiful day today!
beer beer! beer beer! beer beer beer beer beer! oh crap i forgot the words!
hm     too much
"aw rockstar, a smoke, if only the weather was better or else this would be a great lunch break!"
breaks over   time to jump in my soccer mom state van     oh yes     
drunk is a good place to be
ahhhh 4 more hours of work    i want a cigarette       sad 
another grande day at work     but i have cigarettes today woot woot    good day
hump day!!! almost friday!!!!
my favorite place in the world        red rock bar
woo soccer mom <propfirst>! oh yeah
ahhh lunch finally     busy busy day    
reno fucking <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!! bbq in this bitch!!!!!!!!
get off my lawn!
ah the soccer mom <propfirst>! he's a sexy beetch!
i get off work early woot woot!!!!! beer here i come!!!!!
mmm    left over pulled pork    perfect!!!
the shit going on in georgia     insane     makes me sick 
off to red rock bar!!!!!
<propfirst> biela got the death sentence!!!! hope you enjoy the death cocktail
poor poor australia and indonesia     the oil spill has made our dear commander and chief cancel his trip there for the 2nd time this year     oh whatever shall they do     *tear*
awwww 5 more hours and i get my 3 day weekend     i see booze in the future    angels have cried
almost the weekend     so close i can smell it     
ahhhh arizona     i wish more states were like you    same with nebrasaka    good job fremont
ah good old kick back at the house  anyone wanna come by and have a few beers and bratwurst give me a call or txt 351 3521
heard the final news  rip guy its been a long time since i saw you last  you are in my heart brother 
ahhhh life     too live life is the greatest gift  don't waste it 
damn gold diggers     
i love sushi especially  all you can eat sushi
time to nut up or shut up love that line
bitches be crazy      
mmm beer best thing ever  especially when youre sick      best medicine ever 
burning man has become so commercialized and completely overrated     not what it was originally about     good god 
ah <propfirst> beck and <propmale> o'reilly     oh how do i enjoy watching your shows     
and my phone has disappeared   it may be on i-80 in a million pieces or in some little piece of shit picked it up from the gas station where it got lost at     good gods     
"people are hilarious  they keep talking about how we should boycott bp and they completely forget that doing such would hurt small business and cities (such as reno among others) where the unemployment rate is already extremely high and would only drive it higher  i hope the things you use in everyday life are all natural, cell phone, computer, bike, shoes, clothing    grow a pair"
so extremely random   but on my way into work today i ran over a snake   not sure if it was dead or alive but this sonbitch was at least 3 feet long    
just submitted my full time application to become a full time state of <propfemale> employee  wish me luck guys!!!!!
stupid sprint doesn't like the phone i just bought and is throwing a baby fit     stupid cell phone companies   
"sweet home alabama where the skies are so blue, sweet home alabama lord i'm coming home to you!!!!!!!!!!!"
"who am i shitting, i'm a pitiful sight, and i ain't all that bright, i'm definitely chiseled from stone, i'm a cheat and a liar, no woman's <propfemale>, i'll probably die cold and alone, but just give me <propmale> cause deep down inside i swear i got a big heart of a gold!!!!!!!!"
"facebook really needs a thing where you can \dislike\"" someones status or comment or page     it'd be amazing"""
fuck me i'm bored     time to bust out the book!!!! reading time!
hell yes rain!!!!!!!!!!
two and a half more years      i dunno if i can handle it     
mmm     taylor swift     need i say more?
may the god's forgive the politicians media who try to use or lessen any american deaths    you don't deserve to be in the same room as a soldier 
don't spread my wealth  spread my work ethic     saw that bumper sticker today  perfect!!!!
"if i cut off your arms and cut off you legs would you still love me anyway? if you're bound and gagged, draped and displayed would you still love me anyway? why don't you love me anyway?"
stupid bastard dog of mine got outta the house again today and got picked up by animal control and wouldn't release him to my roommate while i was at work  now i gotta pay 55 bucks to get him outta doggy jail    hope he enjoys his overnight stay
"so great day    nice little car accident and when i mean nice    i mean my car is fuck up beyond all recognition    no more car for me and from now on next car i get its full coverage all the way     no more liability bull shit  \\on a positive note my dog, myself and my roommates g f didn't die  although she might have a broken ankle we'll find out soon i imagine "
"finally got a new phone    since it was stolen i have no <propfirst> anymore  if you want to get a hold of me txt me with your name! last name appreciated    don't want to get anyone confused    i am a guy  \\775-351-3521"
i love having a phone again
i hate having to wait in line just to pick up my pay check      
why do people look at you weird if you mention you're a polytheist??
xrays are fun     now to see how jacked up my mouth is
my tooth has been yanked out  no smoking for 3 days  i hate my life 
being at work 2 hours early is boring    listening to fox news radio and randomly commenting and liking people    only burned up 30 minutes damnit!!!!!!!!!!!
just tricked my roommate into eating dog jerky lol
i really love kebobs     with pita flat bread  delcious 
god obama is irritating     
haha my sister's turtle ran away      
oh splendid! this calls for a sexy party!!!!! gotta love stewie's sexy parties
california and <propfirst> moore makes me sick     
so i got laid off today    who wants to come kick it tonight and have some beers at my place??
i never realized how much writing your thoughts down helps to clear your head    
if you have never seen hurtlocker you have to see this movie      best i have ever seen 
i love how working outside gives you an epic tan     not only does my front yard look great but now i have a fantastic tanktop tan     4 1 2 hours well spent 
<propfemale> is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm gunna take loki for a walk in the rain in maybe 2 hours   oh yes 
i should be asleep     
"oh flooded crawl space, how did i miss you? not very much     "
mmmm     hookah and a new drink i made    i just need a name for it    who is creative??
i love clerks 2
wooo panda e playful ress here i come!!!!!!
i've lost even more weight and i have passed the 2 week <propfirst> of not having a cigarette     damn its been a crazy few weeks  i have way too much nervous energy
i'm really craving a cig    i have been craving one since sunday    damn it!!!!
i was very close to smoking yesterday     but i held firm and i'm glad i didn't go back    almost 3 weeks!! hell yes
i hate shaving my face everyday       bane of my existence
"i changed my mind    whatever is wrong with me right now is the bane of my existence  i woke up just now feeling drained, like shit, and like i need to puke    "
work is over     time for a beer     mmmm     delicious
it is officially one of those nights    i have to be up for work in 5 hours and i'm having a beer    yup its one of those nights
cigs oh how do you dog my heels     well more like the actual habit  i was that close!!!!!!
wooooo bullet concert!!!!!! hell yes!!!!!!!!
best concert ever       
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one
over time all day today!!!!
sweet infant baby jesus starin at your baby einstein developmental videos on shapes and colors but still omnipotent
at red rock bar     its been a while   i have missed you 
should not have done that last night      haha oh well     rockstar here i come
so i found my glasses    i found them with my foot and i now need to take them to a store to get them fixed     who would like to go on this mission with me???? hint hint    lol
apparently being dehydrated is a bad thing     
when you think that things can't get any worse and then all of a sudden they do     you feel like there is no hope and no way to get through it  that is when a <propfirst> of hope shines through the clouds    thank god  i couldn't have handled this on top of everything else that has been shit on me this year    
"\at the center of your being you have the answer  you know who you are and you know what you want \"" lao-tzu"""
"\the weak can never forgive  forgiveness is an attribute of the strong \"" mahatma gandhi"""
from plato's symposium; we are fractured creatures trying to become whole  interesting philosophy  to say the least 
good morning and happy thanksgiving to all!!!!
whoooooooooo unr yeeeeeeaaaahhhh boyyyyyyy
go nv    we f**k n' rock!!!!!
to all you boise fans     get some!!!!!!!!! how does it feel???
we should buy a beer for the boise kicker    maybe 10 hahaha
mmm breakfast burrito     
you're from the future?? do they still have sandwiches there?
it sucks when you wanna drink and all you have is beer   and you're not in a beer mood 
malibu rum and <propfemale> red <propfemale> light grapefuit juice    not too bad  just a little sweet 
the interesting conversations you have while being drunk     i love it
i woke up in the middle of the night and cant fall back to sleep      
here i go again on my own  going down the only road i've ever known  like a drifter i was born to walk alone!! gotta love fired up    insomnia strikes again
having a picture of my nephew from when he was 2 as the background on my phone always makes me smile when i see it  no matter what my mood is like 
on my way to my interview  i hope it pans out 
the movie elf is freakin hilarious!! i love it 
i'm such a dork    i'm actually watching <propmale> potter     lol
i lead a pretty boring life    online solitare woo    and i drank a half gallon of vodka in only 3 days    wow 
713: i hate you for making me post this    
who wants spaghetti? i'm gunna make some soon 
its awesome to hear gun shots in your back yard   
"mmm    spaghetti and meatballs, some rum, and hookah  this will be a good night"
the start of a new sleep cycle  such is the cost of having a job at times  gotta do what it takes     good thing i don't start my official day til sunday night  lasagna tomorrow night with hookah and drinks  good-bye dear home we have had some memories    another week or so    over 2 years has come to a close 
i hate when you can't get something outta your mind   and its so bad you dream about it all night     
to all who venture out to the <propfemale> pub crawl  be smart and get home safely!!
hahaha <propfirst> set it up to play beer pong tonight     i guess it had to happen     but first gotta finish the lasagna
yeah! i am actually watching finding nemo right now  hell yes!!!
"\it is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness \"" seneca"""
"oxygen and hydrogen are having a drink at the bar, gold walks in and they say au!! get out!!!! hahahahahaha the nerd strikes again    embrace it people!"
yes i shall be down in history as the man who opened a door!
"i hit 217 on the dot    another month of this and 195 here i come  good-bye 200's  \ps  everyone have a good xmas <propfemale>! be safe out there  smile "
"certainly no more sexual harassment suits  whats wrong with saying, \hey nice tits\""  when did that go out the window? <propfirst> black-accepted"""
thats what girls are for   having a good time    then they get serious  quote from my grandfather   haha
wolf eyes    grr baby grr    
i dont understand why people cant learn from history     
"\re-examine all that you have been told    and dismiss that which insults your soul \"" walt whitman """
love hookah and drinks    and the new shrek  laugh 
full day of helping my friend move    i'm dead tired
"we dance, we kiss, we schmooze, we <propfemale> on, we go home happy "
"\the roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness \"" the dalai lama"""
i was hiding under your porch cause i love you     can i stay?? - <propmale> from up haha
life    you are a fickle mistress 
don't go knocking on death's door  just ring the <propfemale> and run  he hates that 
i love the word anathema   something about it is so    substantial  it pops out at me 
tennessee i shall see you soon  april 19    not too long to wait 
so i need to find someone to watch my dog for a month   maybe more  complications with my housing arrangements  anyone have any suggestions?
"in russia, box smash you"
community service today was actually kinda fun
well the day i went to jail was the day i was going to get hired at this one place     shitty  just found out  fuck my life     
my family thinks i'm moving to utah    not going to happen!!!!!!!
