732a0d0130439420d641d56844b1cfd9
"wow haven't been on in like a week! 2010, 3 weeks until my birthday  sad "
just got on and getting used to everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wants to thank <propfemale> and <propfemale> for either accepting my friend invites or sending me one!!
is bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
check out my youtube <propfemale>  http annoyed  www youtube com user thesampleman
is tired
wants a box cutter for when i do truck  my hands are freaking sore!!!!!!
what a long day! and no <propfirst> i still have no f'ing idea what the hell i was going to ask you 
going back on my youtube account on my day off 
"have so much on my plate right now  86 subscribers to me, numerous youtube friends, and trying to play farmville on this site "
so tired  have many thing to do on my day off       
"going to be working on more youtube videos  112 subscribers and about 80 in 1 month  21000 video views worldwide  friends in canada, uk, and the us "
hope everyone had a fun halloween!
going to kill firefox yet!
"27,000 views world wide 135 subscribers, i'm going to take over youtube  watch out <propfirst> you little bastard "
knee is really sore  going to play some 1 vs  100 on xbl tonight maybe?
"will be watching nfl redzone in a few hours  also, not doing anything today because i'm lazy  smile "
"157 subscribers and 35,000 views worldwide  goin' great  having fun making videos "
"hope everyone has a fun, safe, and <propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"231 subscribers and 55,ooo video views  my b-day coming up and that sucks "
"239 subscribers and 58,000 video views world wide  made so many youtube friends it's silly "
"little over a week to my birthday  number 27 is coming way to quickly, it could slow down you know "
"274 subscribers worldwide, 64,000 views worldwide! had my first ever day on youtube over 1,000 views for all my vids combined  things are going good there!!"
i'd like to thank everyone that wished me a happy birthday  now if only i could win the lottery            
302 subscribers worldwide  72000 video views  nearly 10000 channel views  making new friends  all is going good 
why is my internet going slow?
i'm eventually going to find a pic and put it up on here 
http annoyed  www youtube com user jefflarz
http annoyed  www youtube com user griffinlobster
oh zaid here's my link http annoyed  www youtube com user thesampleman
people are finding me
tired right now! zaid why the hell haven't you actually watched the dang videos?
donkey kong country my next walk through 
going to bed! work starts mighty early  truck tomorrow 
not good at those games  not good at all!
i gotta come on this stupid website more  so tired
so tired going to get to bed 
376 subscribers though wooooo!
damn <propmale> that freakin' pic is just sick  mad hops
so tired gotta play through some games eventually  gotta play some bioshock 2  maybe this weekend though  435 subscribers though  and i'm hearing some psychopath screaming outside right now  shut the hell up can't you tell i'm thinking as i'm typing  your screaming is distracting me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i will beat <propmale> in tetris marathon it is written in the stars  o k  did that just sound like the lion <propmale> right there, or miss <propfirst>?"
everyone become a fan of <propfirst> rowden  he is my hero
actually bought a pokemon game  i guess hell has frozen over     
otherwise the youtube thing is going great  now time to play some mw2 
"stimulus maps are great, eventually going to get a pic up here "
part 32 of conker has like a 2 minute song intro  i can already hear the people complaining now      
"can't wait until sunday, my freaking day off "
" sad  red wings lost  game 7, they better not play like they did today or they'll surely lose again "
"so tired, but recorded a new <propfirst> vid  planning something for my 1 year anny of making lp's "
going to get a proper picture up soon  lol at <propmale>'s response because he will have one 
man i stunk at family feud tonight  no bonus rounds for me  sad 
gotta get on skype more!!
gotta get another episode os sunshine up tomorrow 
going to listen to the new avenged sevenfold album right now  should be awesome!
hit 1700 subscribers on youtube  crazy to think about to tell you the truth 
super tired!!!!!!!
"my beloved detroit lions  can't even sign suh  psssshh yeah right, beloved, lol! go new england patriots and indianapolis colts!"
"lol, ll cool j at caesar's windsor  is that how pathetic those tickets are selling that they're advertising them to me?"
"<propfemale> really needs to tell me who made that baklava, it was exceptional!"
lol might open up my facebook to my adoring fans on youtube  but then again i don't want most people to know my last name 
dang has been a long time since i last logged on here!
why can't i hit the dang lottery?
prediction for this years detroit lions : 2-14  smile 
will get on skype tomorrow  at least sometime tomorrow 
i will be going into first place this week in the football pool  that means even if drastic measures are necessary  smile 
super tired today  just going to watch football and relax  maybe work on editing a video later on today for upload tomorrow 
everything checked out good with my stitches  everything is healing up great apparently  on track to having them taken out this thursday 
got the dang stitches out of my hand  nearly all back to normal  or as normal as i can be 
new profile picture coming soon  no more awkward angles for me  just can't wait until <propfemale> gets the ole haircut done lol! it looks like i've got wings on the side of my head 
should i rsvp christmas yet? thanks facebook i haven't laughed so hard in a while 
so sick today! my sinuses are totally f'd up
"and the mysteries of facebook continue  now i can not access my chat box  may i just say, facebook fix your shit!"
happy thanksgiving everyone!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! don't know if i'll be on tomorrow at all  so i figured i'd share this now eh!
tired as all heck! tomorrow i work on figuring out how to work on windows 7 
gotta get it all up and running by sunday so that i can record and upload <propfemale> and dkc3 
"more tp to go through tomorrow, plus redownloading skype, figuring out what kapersky labs problem is, doing test recordings, and test out widescreen capturing tomorrow  file sizes are going to be huge but oh well  playful "
