0f9d4bac9a0c2f026619903182af0a7b
happy new year! we just got back from snowboarding  it was great 
time to start packing up   sad 
uh oh  tornado's!
off to bed early tonight 
my headlamp is fixed!
i would like to make a fan cause <propfemale>  anybody know how you can do that?
"i'm going to be sixteen tomorrow, woohoo!"
it's a beautiful storm!!
<propmale> groban can sing too high!
it's the rainy season in south <propfemale>!
going outside to set up my dad's new bike rack 
mom's making waffles with strawberries and ice cream! then i'm going to get dad to play chess with me!
i'm very disappointed in you! - -
"it's brutal out there, but launch break's over  x("
can't lift his arms 
"i made some chili  now i've got more energy, but i'm still pretty worn out "
i forgot the password to my voice mailbox!  sad 
painting tomorrow   sad   wait    that's today!
"after a few bruises, and a few hours, i've learned an <propfirst>, nollie, kickflip, pop-shuvit, and fakie  i still need to work on consistency though "
borne ultimatum is on!
did a double kickflip pop-shuvit (and landed it ) it was gnarly!
christensen auto body     104 s main st vbrg      605 326-5552
"the airshow is in one week! sioux falls is one of only three sites in the nation that will get to see the f-22 raptor! i'm going to sign up for the south <propfemale> air national guard, or maybe just join the air force "
"it's weird how it feels like you've still got a hat on when you've taken it off after a few hours, or all day "
is going to sleep well 
is waiting to get started 
it's almost here!
"is staying at the hospital in my dad's call room until the airshow tomorrow  it's closer, and my dad is on call  it's goin' be fun!"
is watching a movie 
on my way to the airshow 
is sleeping in tomorrow to wait for the ground to dry from the rain so when i move bails tomorrow it wont tear the ground up 
my brother comes home tomorrow 
my brother comes home tomorrow   
just ate a quart of ice cream   smile 
just got shocked welding my snowmobile suspension  a little blinded too 
is done packing and ready to go 
"is in rochester, minnesota "
was up too late last night 
likes staying up late 
i should just stay up all night 
it's getting lighter  the sun will come up soon 
"<propmale>'s secret revenge, is on!"
just bought some vasque hiking boots at rei 
watching movies all night 
my horse is dieing  the vet is coming to see what he can do 
"i busted a bail during work today,  sad  but i was in a big hurry "
likes panera bread 
what doesn't kill you only makes you faster 
is flying to arizona to pick up a 94 honda civic vx 
some peoples these days!
is at the library 
the new version of ysflight is awesome!
is going to make myself another cheese and egg sandwich!
is glad to have a -20 degree sleeping bag!
only 3 days of free time!  sad 
there goes another $300!!
is at the library 
is watching downloading ice age 3!
is eating peanut butter cookies!
just finished downloading ice age 3 and every pixar short ever made!
is almost finished packing 
getting ready to go to the airport in omaha 
is almost ready to go to the airport 
is in colorado waiting for his flight to school 
"still waiting  all alone  i am a fortress of solitude   a lone, lonely, loner!"
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes! this is my first <propmale> to be on for a quite a while  it was a great day!
is at the airport waiting to board 
is going to work
happy thanksgiving all!
save room for pie!
i'm so hungery i could eat a horse and then <propmale> the jockey 
is car shopping 
that hurt  at least the cold weather keeps down the swelling lol! it is 16 degrees outside  it always seems like bad things happen in cold weather 
"good judgment comes from e playful erience  unfortunately, e playful erience usually comes from bad judgment "
always and never are two words you should always remember never to use 
"always remember you're unique, just like everyone else "
can't wait for the snow tomorrow!
"it's going to be a white, white christmas!"
so much snow   whoot whoot!
weather forecast for tonight:  dark 
we're getting wireless internet!
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
had a lot of fun in the snow!
two feet and still coming  i love snow!  smile 
is ready for some more snowboarding 
"happy new year everyone! okay, now i'm going to bed   "
"church is canceled again because of the weather, but we might go to the neighbor's with the pickup truck and watch 3abn!  smile "
learned amazing grace in the key of f on the guitar today!  smile 
time to head out  have fun guys 
the snow at big mountain is great 
has a few minutes to use the internet!
just had a concussion  i'm taking the day off from snowboarding now 
"it was another great day at big mountain, but it's time to head back to school  bye everyone  have a great week!"
let the eight hours of boredom begin 
is going somewhere with the lusk-vanderbecks  maybe i won't be so bored afterall 
had a wonderful time today with my friends   smile 
"trey’s undeniable truth of hdr photography #34: if you shoot during the daytime and there is a nice blue sky, your hdr processing will make your sky look gray, mottled, and possibly give it a halo that will make viewers curl in a ball and cry  if you do not fix this in photoshop by masking in the original sky before you upload to show your friends, then they may no longer be your friends      woops"
has finely found an alternative to photoshop 
is eating a mediterranean veggie sandwich from panera 
i just reset the dma for my computer and now it works like a charm!
i have too much fun 
why does sleep really have to be necessary?
has to get up at five in the morning tomorrow to leave for school 
is at the airport 
"well, i'm safely at my destination "
writing a research paper in two hours is hard 
"it was a nice day in town, but now it's time to go  cya folks "
time to go take my algebra test 
i've got a lot of work to do today 
time to head out  i've got a lot of work to do tonight 
hiked harney peak today 
is going out to eat 
just got back from the black hills 
had fun playing frisbee golf today 
i got the job!
"yeah, i'm quite boring "
back from a long day at work 
i just lost the game 
grrrr 
is looking for a good parts website for my 66 ford f100 
just lost the game 
<propmale> bolts  grrr 
i can't work on my truck because it's in the shop  it's almost ironic 
finely taking the afternoon easy 
moving on   
it's time to get to work 
you guessed it!
is looking for some 1966 ford f-100 240 valve adjustment information 
"you dont have to be crazy to work here, they will teach you "
not much luck at seeing a townado storm chasing 
"you have enemies? good  that means you’ve stood up for something,\ sometime in your life  — <propmale> churchill"
"i'm finely ready for bed! it took me half an hour to clean up from working on that <propmale> truck, and i probably missed a spot(s)  i'm glad that job is done "
got some water damege to my camera!
rabbit rabbit!
"i'm so sun burned i'm purple  and no, it's not that funny "
now i broke my cellphone too!   i'm going outside to put my new exhaust manifold on my truck 
"bailing tonight, getting no sleep tomorrow night   i'd better take a nap before i have to wake up at five in the morning on monday to go to work "
just got all the bails in the barn 
i'm taking a shower and going to bed 
food tastes so good after a long day of work 
happy sabbath!
i'm happy there's such a thing as great uplifting music 
"just because you can, doesn't mean you should "
"i really like my job, but i am much more qualified at having fun!"
"this is a news bulletin from the picayune-interurban news service  the immense orange ball, seen rising early this morning, is e playful ected to fall west sometime in the evening  no injuries have been reported, and rumors of panic have been greatly exaggerated  scientists are calling it a phenomena, and advise citizens to prepare for reoccurrence in the very near future "
"stacked a few hundred bales today  on one of the loads dad fell off when the stack fell over due to a hill  it was stacked seven high (about fifteen feet ) it happend just as mom was coming to drive truck because the wagon was almost \full \"""""
get a job!
just changed the oil in my truck so that the oil jug isn't on the floor anymore =p
"ford, built tough   trust me!"
what a weekend that was!
you’ll never find the right person if you don’t let go of the wrong one 
back to throwing bails   
i need another pair of skate shoes  it makes all the difference 
that movie didn't suck!
well that stinks! my net-book is out of commission until i get a new power cord 
whew! i'm tired 
i just about broke my wrist on a quarter pipe today 
roofs shouldn't be at acute angels 
time to go to bed after a long day roofing  (getting up at five in the morning tomorrow )
here comes the ball of fire 
it's great to be done with the roof; and i was only working on it a week!
is watching a <propmale> and some birds while waiting for the sunset at a swamp on a closed road with my truck 
what a bummer   i made tatter tots and i can't even find any catchup of sour cream!
this is going to be a nightmare on wheels 
it feels much too late to be 1 smile 0pm 
at the airport waiting for my flight to <propmale> 
the ignition on the pickup truck broke  now we are waiting at the repair shop 
"bummer, i forgot to bring my skateboard to town "
time to head back to school 
first day of break 
rabbit rabbit!
trying to figure out quadratic functions and equations   indecision 
we've got a blizard!  smile  too bad they canceled church   sad 
might get some thunder snow!
