132ba427a4deebc4c747f684f49514f6
this is so weird   i'm so used to myspace
outta coffee!!!???? what am i to do   
"going to help my man clean the \man cave\"" (ya the dirty work)"""
maybe i'll babysit for a living   
i can't find my farm!!!
crabby daughter     
"will my life ever be normal? what the fuck, who's life is normal    "
gotta keep looking up   keep looking up    keep looking up
"what a week    i am miserable! staying with my parents, the weather sucks, gotta plan a huge b-day party for <propmale> for wednesday (<propfemale> birthday), got two job interviews to get ready for, i'm sure i can complain about a ton more  i just gotta keep on keeping on    "
depressing rain    like i need to be more depressed  it will be nice for <propmale>'s b-day tomorrow  25 kids? really? maybe they won't all show up  after all it is a wednesday  i have lots to keep them busy if they all decide to come 
"happy <propfemale> birthday to my big guy, <propmale>!!!"
breast cancer awareness month  wear your pink ribbons   {rip grandma nana}
obama wins the nobel peace prize   now he better live up to his promises!
got the second interview! {sigh of relief} gonna be a total career change  not that i ever really had a career  lol! gonna be assisting the mentally challanged society  am i really ready for that? no more revealing shirts   except on the weekends
"ahhhhhhh, why do people have to be so complicated?"
addicted to yacht    thanks <propfirst>
i want to play outside!!!!
"what a saturday night   kids are sleeping, cold outside, gonna cozy up with a scary movie- s  darko  oh the excitement  next weekend gonna have lots to celebrate, hopefully a new house, a new job, hopefully a new man  by \new\"" i mean some changes"""
sunshine today! yay! gotta get outside before i go insane
"done with work, now 3 days off   wanna take a trip to da u p  but the <propfirst>'s not running right  glad to have a brother that can deal with that shit   "
"i think my little one is gettins sick, up at 5 smile 0 "
didn't get the house  sad  wtf? now what? grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!
life is a mess right now
chili is served! takes 2 hours but it's worth it!
the cold season has begun  sad  walgreens run for cold medicine and tissue  omg i forgot hand sanitizer  please don't let it hit me too hard!
"cashin' out folks, nite nite"
i know i'm getting older when i like my cookies with coffee instead of milk
our little <propfemale> is learning so many new words  her favorite today was hot da (hot dog) 
"after all that waiting, they finally gave me the good news! i got the job! now i can work my a** off at two jobs and daddy gets to stay home with our children  i'm jealous!"
"this rain is getting ridiculous  i want to enjoy fall, not watch it from my windows!"
my chat has been working like a pos  sorry people
i cannot stress more the fact that communication is the strongest asset in a relationship  that goes along with being honest about anything and everything   don't feel like what you have to say or what you think is insignificant or pointless  me for example    steve always brings up points that haven't even crossed my mind  i love a smart man   and he loves a smart woman!  wink 
nothin better than a pizza burger after a night a drinkin! mmmmm and i don't even have to cook it! love you baby!
"just got back from the walk-in clinic with <propmale>, he has h1n1   not as bad as the media is making it out to be  only if it developes into something <propmale> "
not looking foward to going to work tomorrow   
i hope this headache is from thinking to much and not the flu! lol! i'm going to bed  and somehow i got italics now  sweet!
"ironically i think i pulled something in my back, due to touching my toes at the dr  please pass the ibruprofen !"
hangin out in the up for the day
feels so lucky to have a family like mine ! (most of the time  smile 
the early birds     well we are just tired to damn early! off to job training and then 2 days off! yay!
ahhhh 1 kid to grandma's and 1 in bed  and husband to a guar concert  time to sit on my <propmale>  gotta rest up for sunday! lynard skynard concert for me and bf  yay yay!!  smile 
"this birds gonna hit the hay or nest or whatever, lol  till the a m hours  late a m  for all you night owls "
"now this is what i call fall! 60 degree weather, the sun is shining, the wind could die down a little bit  but damn   it's about time! im outta here!"
lynard skynard was great! i can't believe i saw them 10 years ago! my mom's gotta feel old! lol   
as soon as i find our camera usb cord i can put up some more pics! i'm thinking i better start thinking like a toddler to find it   lol!
time to make some breakfast then off to work again! 7 days in a row
wants to get the first three months over with! forgot how miserable it was! better stock up on saltines
"long drive to sheboygan for training, long ride back then off to work at younkers  ugh   "
"off to sheboygan again, hope i don't barf on the way  sad "
finally a day off! well i felt like pukin so i kinda made my own day off  smile 
remembering an old friend today   rip <propfemale> green  girls watch for signs of psycho men  she was tragically murdered by her boyfriend 
"glad i could quit smoking so quickly, not glad that i have the new habit of eating like a pig  sad "
enjoying my anniversary by picking up every elses' slack   
"oh the day gets better and better, kids are off to grandparents and my lover and i are off to gb for red lobster and shopping  smile   and ya i'm in a better mood!"
what goes on in utero to make us pregnant women feel like puking all the time? and now i don't like coffee? wow   this pregnancy is really different
hope everyone's doing great    when i get on here ther is like 400 live news feed or whatever it's called  no time to back track that far 
all i wanna do is sleeeeeeeep!
wants the motivation to go sledding with the kids
this time of year is so great yet so sad when you have lost loved ones and their memory is strongest right now
"going to work and then off to a little place called perkins, mi  to bring in the new year   home sweet home   "
"hey thanks for all the birthday wishes  great to be 28! no hangover this year, that's no good for the baby  maybe next year   "
"i wish <propmale> <propfemale> had carts for children, it's very embarrassing when your 1 year old is kicking and throwing herself on the floor cuz she can't run around freely in the store  it has begun    "
got to sleep in till 8 smile 0! whoooohoooo!
"for all those men who say,'why buy the cow when you can get the milk free'  here's an update for you! nowadays 80% of women are against marriage, why? because women realize its not worth buying an entire pig, just to get a little sausage!!!!------keep it going girls!!!"
i need to train myself not to second guess everything i do and just do! first thoughts are always the right ones right?
"trying a new dish   love <propfemale> <propfirst>!!! home made macaroni and cheese, i added my special ingredient- bacon! that makes anything taste good"
beautiful day for a walk! and what do i do? take a nap! i hope this doesn't last too much longer  sad 
can't wait for another day off to spend with my beautiful children! hurry up tomorrow!
it's unbelievable how one little person can total a room like a natural disaster 
"is really aggitated with some people, i won't say names but you know who you are!"
gonna make pancakes for breakfast  what no bacon? piggity wiggity run first  smile 
"please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from rectal cranial inversion  rectal cranial inversion, otherwise known as head up your ass syndrome, affects the lives of many  there is still no known cure for rectal cranial inversion, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because    they already suffer from rci "
"one day i feel fine, another day i feel sick, another day i feel depressed  there are no days when i am the happy girl i once was  i hope it's just the winter blues   "
<propmale> just taught <propfemale> how to say mango  smile  so cute!
"just when you think all is well, life turns around and throws a big f-in' pile of shit in your face! but when life gives ya shit    hell, idk, throw it at someone else?"
"wow more sh** on me! <propmale> wins \tantrum of the year\"" award  at bedtime last night he was sooo tired that his emotions were flying everywhere  wii gone for the week and no friends over this weekend  on the bright side he is peaches and cream this morning smile  what a wonderful life    """
i do believe manitowoc cnty is in need of a snow hill that is equiped with the gadget that pulls the tube back up the hill with you in it!  doesn't gladstone have one of those? help me out mi friends    where is this marvelous invention?
"sadly this valentines day, i want to puke at the sight of any happy couple   playful  however i will be spending today with the loves of my life, my sweethearts till the end, <propmale> and <propfemale> "
i can finaly drink coffee again! woooohhoooo! i love you bitter tasting bean!
"<propmale> joined metz's martial arts acadamy and what an improvment in respect, and self-discipline already! i recommend the program to everyone with children that need a little guidance from an outside source and to learn self-defense and to just have some fun!"
wondering why they call it common sense; if it was so common then everyone would have some  playful 
"is gonna get some hot, steamy, sudsy action   that's right people, i'm gonna clean the house!"
"no kids tonight! woohoo! so we are shampooing the carpets    again i say woohoo, but not with so much enthusiasm this time "
can't function without my first coff of cuppy!  gonna be one of those days  playful  kinda glad it's rainy and gloomy outside   
"swears that flies hybernate in the walls and grow to be the size of bumble bees! there are 3 abnormally sized flies in the house, even the cats are afraid to go after them !"
"doing some research on face rashes, <propfemale> has been to two dr s and now referred to children's hospital  maybe lupus   i feel so bad for my baby girl "
"feeling sick today, this weather sucks  thinks we are going to vacation in the u p  this weekend "
beautiful here in tr! maybe go for a bike ride later    first need to hook up the kid hauler to the bike 
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky little girl 3 years\old, picked up by a man driving a grey car, licenseplate: q72b381 \ put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent\so do it  3 seconds will not kill you  what if it were your child???"
"i'm a wreck again today! tried getting <propfemale>'s blood test results from children's hospital, had to leave a message  i know they are so busy    but i need to know what is going on with my baby girl!"
wow i'm just burnt out from today  pregnancy and my rambucious toddler are not going well for me anymore  playful  lol    keep on truckin' only 6 more weeks to go   
"thinking of chopping off my hair, ya like all of it    to much to deal with any more!"
thought about it    chopped it       loooove it!!!!!!!
"i thought i would give an update on our little <propfemale>  most of you know we have been back and forth to children's hospital    she has been diagnosed with an auto-immune disease called dermatomyositis  she is undergoing her steroid treatments, which has been tough on all of us  we plan on making a web <propfemale> for her soon so updates will be on that in the future  thanks for all the support from everyone!"
"that's wonderful, no wonder the kellog's cereal was on sale only 1 50 a box  there's a recall on 2 of the 5 that i bought "
uhhhhhhhgggg! don't wanna be pregnant anymore!
every time i hear my cat throw up a hairball i have to run to the bathroom gagging  then i have to clean it up and run to the bathroom and puke  how in the world do i hold it together while changing diapwers?
"trying out big girl underware today   bailey is anyway, but i may need to if i don't have this baby soon!"
"well what an eventful week! went up to the hospital monday night and <propmale> came into the world at 5:15am on july 13th 7lbs 5 oz 20in long  he was a little bruised up and his nose was a little crooked from delivery, but all fine now  he is wonderful! and today cranes called and <propmale> get's laid off tomorrow  good for the family, but bad for the money  and <propfemale> went on the big girl potty for the first time today!yay!"
sick of this rain!!! i wanna get outside!  i love love love not being pregnant anymore!
"lindsaylohan, 24, gets her name and face all over the news because she went to\jail  <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus \bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>\<propmale>, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, \      23, and <propmale> tate, 27       are all    marines that gave their lives for you this week  honor them by reposting this"
cool trick                          hold alt and hit f4
sooooooooooo glad we have air conditioning! if anyone is dying out there from the heat stop over and cool off  smile 
wants to sit in a nice bubble bath
hopes i get a shower in soon! then off to pick up more donations for the benefit
sooo tired! but keep on truckin'  lot's to do before tomorrow gets here!
thanks to all who came to <propfemale>'s benefit and thank you to everyone who volunteered there time and energy!!! you know who you are   everything went smooth and what a great time we had!  nuttin but love for ya'll!
my son can't wait for school to start! what is wrong with him?
the more kids i have the less showers i get   does anyone smell baby puke?
crying baby    crying baby     coffee     crying baby     more coffee     more crying baby    ahhhhhh!
it takes sooo much longer to get things done with only one hand
note to self: stretch before practicing karate with <propmale>! ooohhhhhhhh my aching back!
well our milwaukee trip wasn't promising   another 3 days of iv steroids in appleton for our little <propfemale>  sad  and back to milw  in 4 weeks  i pray that remission is around the corner
yay our one and only vacation this summer is going up north to grandpa's  oh well at least there are no doctors there  sad humor sorry
"<propmale> is off to second grade today, poor <propfemale> didn't want to leave the desk next to him  smile  hopefully when the time comes she will like school as much as him "
dislikes blue cross blue shield insurance! we must have gotton 25 bills for only about 10 procedures or visits and each one gets lower and lower each time it goes through that damn insurance! one started out at $900 and now the final amount is $200  get your shit straight anthem!
rest in peace victims of 9-11  and all others taken from this world in violence and hatred  spred peace and love!
freedom's just another word for nothin left to lose  -<propfemale> joplin
"oh my, 10 year class reunion this sat   yes i said 10 years!"
i love my husband and kids to pieces!
finally back from the up! what was supposed to be a three and a half hour drive took about 6 hours! had a great time with the class of 2000 from good ole' mid pen! haven't had a hangover like this in a long time  smile   sad 
going to children's in appleton today for <propfemale>'s steriod iv  going to request someone that knows how to get a needle in a child  not looking foward to this
hubby will soon be going to school again  i am so greatful for tra program  but i don't get physics and chemistry  but the e playful lanation of friction was interesting   
"ugh! no rummage sale today  too busy this week  will open it tomorrow, howevever  i need to bust some serious butt!"
wow   no rummage sale today either  to <propfemale> and definately not ready! well maybe later today 
4 hours of sleep just isn't enough for the day i'm about to have! rummage sale today folks  finally ready!
"played outside all day, so much fresh air is exhausting! yet i am the only one one ready to for night night   "
i believe that life gives lemons to those who can handle it!
"my hubby steamed the kitchen floor for me!  aww i love him! ? shhhhhhhh, i really do know how to work the steamer,, but don't tell him that  smile "
can't wait to go to some haunted houses!
"oh i love <propmale> nye the science guy, something about nerdy geniuses that make me all tingly inside  playful  ha that's why i'm married to one! love you <propmale> ?"
"sunday funday  going to a fry out, i hope it's not too cold out there"
"hate how my hands start to look 10 years older in the cold weather, please pass the lotion!"
"oh geez my baby boy is 8 today, happy bday <propmale>!"
finally i am to be a bridesmaid! congrats b & g!
"finally! internet is hooked up at the new house, back into facebook world   "
good news: snow is melting inch by inch   bad news: gas is goin up cent by cent  sad 
i didn't really want to drive to milwaukee today anyway  hooray for storm <propmale>!
"overwhelmed with the nature of our new dog, as well as my children    oh the joys of motherhood  smile "
"overwhelmed with the nature of our new dog, as well as my children    oh the joys of motherhood  smile "
"so there is like 3 gas strikes going on that i've been texted or emailed or facebooked: march 10th, 13th, & 14th, i'm just not gonna get gas the whole week  smile "
people need to think before they talk about peoples' families!!! especially in a small town it usually gets back to them!
"i don't get it, facebook has rejected my name change! it is my real name!"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
ahhhhh   8 surprise 0 can't come fast enough!
i need a vacation!
so quite i can hear the clocks ticking   
is the sales tax different from county to county or the same throughout the state of wi? am i correct in the sales tax being 5%?
rain today and snow during the week   uhhhhhgg i just want sunshine for a whole day! i'll even take 45 degrees and no sun!
tired today   no sunshine makes it worse! but the kids put that smile back on my face  smile 
not feeling well today  hopefully not strep or flu again  i alway seem to get whatever is going around  sad 
great   can't find the $1000 lottery ticket we won on   grrrrr!
"yeeeeesssss! going to the rave on friday with my best friend and lover,  to see skillet, thoery of a deadman, and stone sour! super excited!"
anyone wanna watch our pup niko for the night? got a sitter for the kids but forgot about the dog  sad 
countdown to avalanche tour!
avalanche tour rocked the eagles ballroom! definately feel it in my back and my ears are still ringing!
so my two and a half year old was with me trying on bras and insisted that she have one! they actually make them that small! she was very persistant (and cute) so i couldn't say no  daddy had no comment   
"so let me get this straight   kelsey grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone, <propfirst> <propmale> is on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone, 53% of americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses  yet, same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? re-post if you find this ironic"
why is it that kids would rather play with the packeging that the toy comes in rather than the toy itself?
"back from milwaukee   bailey's monthly checkup went great, prednisone lowered again  hopefully done with it in two more months and then start weaning her methotrexate   please pray for remission! (for her ? and my mommy ?)"
yay 40's this week!   we're gettin' there!
"so my sis was just told this   \a pregnancy test won't show positive cuz i'm too far along\""  wth? people this dumb should not be procreating! just saying   """
"can anyone tell me why it is so hard for people to pray, but easy to swear? why is it so hard to re-post a christian status, but easy to post gossip? why we can worship a celebrity, but not jesus? gonna ignore this? most of you won't re-post this  the lord said, if you deny me in front of your friends, i will deny you in front of my father  i posted  will you?"
i may or may not have been honest with some people last night   and it may or may not have been nice   
