2db05a01c16c0c92baaa3a507a7864c0
"hopes everyone had a good new year, and wishs everyone a <propfemale> hangover day!"
enjoys watching makefiles
404 status not found 
finally got the netbook to work!!!!
is partying like it's his birthday 
has a bitchin camera 
feels like reading 
"all caps all day in honor of <propfirst> mays, rip"
is going to the zoo mother fuckers
went to the zoo mother fuckers
is finding out that nintendo ds parts only go so far in making laptops work 
is enjoying a nice day in north <propfemale> 
took some sweet pictures of fire works!
is ready to be home 
"is back to civilization and for the record, when the south seceded from the union nothing of value was lost "
is roadtrip!
is going to <propmale> potter mother fuckers 
**insert something pertaining to the new <propmale> potter movie here **
"catastrophic network failure, <propmale> roadrunner for being a piece of shit "
"the new hit sequel to snakes on a plane, scorpions on a plane, brought to you by southwest airlines "
"thought this status at about 2 437ghz, which magically turned it into a neat little packet containing 186 hex values which shot it off to 64 24 7 10, via 00:14:bf:44:9f:16, and is now being seen by you "
"thought this status at about 2 437ghz, which magically turned it into a neat little packet containing 3572 hex values which shot it off to 69 63 84 43, via 00:14:bf:44:9f:16, and is now being seen by you "
nothing quite like the smell of packet injection in the evening 
"it just hit me, like a brick thrown at a homeless guy, and ill be out cold"
"has never been very good at timing, punchlines are all i got "
is preparing his laptop for defcon 17! vegas here i come!!!
"is at defcon until further notice   e playful ect no responses on facebook, email, or texts messages due to obvious security risks "
"two days down, two to go   this place is fucking awesome by the way "
"is going to have an awesome day! defcon, then cirque du soleil!"
saw cirque du soleil and wants to run away and join a circus!
is eating all he can eat at a buffet; obesity here i come!
is back in dublin 
firefox thought <propfemale> was my email address  damn i troll too much 
is feeling extra retard 
still isn't feeling quite right 
has not laughed so hard at the internet in years   thank you moot for that enlightening satire on internet dating 
has had an interesting night   won't you make it even better?
"for the record if you call me before 2pm, i won't answer, i'm asleep "
296 63
had a very fun day with his best friends evar 
"thinks he missed the train to mars, and is out back counting stars "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=s83kp07ufui  don't huff kids!
"wants to be a hacker, code cracker, slacker, wasting time with all the chatroom yakkers "
"sedate, rinse, repeat "
has a fishie  laugh 
has almost a complete collection of mr  potato head parts 
drunk siblings are the best   laugh 
is enjoying the new appartment 
water is for noobs 
"thinks more people should think \does anyone on the internet really give a fuck?\"" before they post things   i also observe that i did not think that before posting this """
"choose life  choose a job  choose a starter home  choose dental insurance, leisure wear and matching luggage  choose your future  but why would anyone want to do a thing like that?"
is looking to be a mentor for dublin robotics! so give me some pointers if you've been on the robotics team in the past!
could use a new bike   sad 
and free windows oses for all!
showed that shrub who is fucking boss 
brb wedding
best wedding ever   congradulations <propfemale> smith and <propfirst> barber!
fucking hates youtube 
is glad to have actually finished his essay 
is compltely incapable of studying effectivly 
"hates baseball   worst sport ever   no one cares, take it off tv "
"the more i use windows 7, the more i realize what a horrible abortion vista is "
is disappointed that the <propfirst> login button is not a pumpkin this year 
"has to write a psa, which ever of the following gets the most votes i'll do: ninjas, pirates, cooties, racoons, jedi mind tricks, or other (if other please specifiy)"
thanks for the input my cooties psa looks bitchin
"learning how to write essays is about as useful as knowing digits of pi, sure you feel smart, but no one really gives a fuck "
feels like an autistic kid drawing with crayons   i want my good tablet back  sad 
"loves finding good old books, but hates finding them annotated  annotations ruin books, high school english teachers are cunts "
"sleep is for the weak, finals here i come "
"if it takes 1 hour and 38 minutes to do one math homework, and one cigarette and one can of dr  pepper, and it takes 7 minutes to smoke a cigarette, and i have 4 more math homeworks to do, how irritated will i be tomorrow?"
is going to bed now 
f i n a l s  fuck i never actually learned shit 
"highlight of my night,  4 goals and 2 assits a single nhl 10 game   youre jealous "
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
"excellent news everyone, i don't have to take 153 for a third time!"
i feel like [adult swim] showing decent tv at 3am is god's gift to procrastinators
"dear sleep, you win   you should apologize to my final paper in the morning "
walks backwards in the fresh snow to confuse people who see his tracks later 
it's christmas!  laugh 
my dog ate my ash tray  troubled 
dislikes killing time between classes 
is sick  sad 
"has come to fucking realize fucking is only his 7th most fucking used word in fucking facebook statuses  fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking, hopefully that will set things fucking straight "
it's never too cold to smoke outside 
"new high score: 9, i'll let you guess at what"
does needing an inhalor mean i have to quit smoking?
dying my hair white? what are your thoughts?
has almost white hair?
"the only thing easier than stealing <propfemale> from a baby, is stealing <propfemale> from a dead baby "
feels like a camera whore for intentionally taking a picture for no purpose other than it being a profile picture 
"is loling that facebook spelled status \statut\"" on one of his notifications"""
they just don't do racism like they used to 
i still think my way out of yoshi's valley in <propfirst> kart 64 is the fastest 
is a souless robot that runs off nicotine and skittles 
doesn't understand ellipses   
makes decisions by flipping a coin 
happy groundhog day!
"coding for 7 hours straight, i really should start assignments more that 5 hours before they are do "
is morally opposed to ethics  
"no one cares goldfish, just be tasty"
what keeps you up at night? is it dreams or nightmares?
i just figured out what my birthday plans are   toy story 3 june 18th!!
actually enjoys getting computer viruses 
"is texting his roommates who are down stairs, because i am too lazy to get out of bed "
"genetically, people with down syndrom are half way between humans and potatoes "
"<propfemale>, showing canada who's boss at their own sport "
is addicted to robot unicorn attack 
"skittles vodka, the best idea i've had all year "
another year alive 
"what's the capital of kansas? topeka   nope, it's google   i'm not even joking "
<propfemale> edwards you can for sure skank way more than anyone else i know
4am wardriving ftw
is so happy to have internet again
"facebook voting time, name my wireless network"
"facebook voting time, name my wireless network!"
somebody tagged the side of my apartment   real cool assholes 
is playing starcraft ii
is officalally on spring break   laugh 
is playing pokemon heart gold!  laugh 
is pondering the logic behind sentret being able to use surf   
robots robots robots
"may have lost part of a tooth, and his voice but still had a bitchin weekend   go 1014!"
has paco again!!  laugh 
"fell down the rabit hole again, damn you internet "
happy april fools day
too lazy to walk? duck tape your pokewalker to a fan   smile 
"hid eggs for his parents to find   it may be backwards, but it sure was fun "
i have the most fucking awesome license plate ever 
should've brought pokémon to kill the time in between classes 
"is glad his sociology teacher is a dumbass, who thinks the two and a half hour class is just an hour "
had a wonderful day 
ice cream truck!!! i love campus 
i'm tottally fucking queer 
can't find just cause 2 anywhere  commence nerd rage 
buddha stop doing coke in front of kids!
i cant put words together coherently today what do?
"is in athens with out his phone, woops"
has a phone again! yay!
chikorita looks like a downs syndrome marshmallow turtle horse - <propfemale> price
"it is velociraptor awareness day, be vigilant my friends, a velociraptor can attack at any time!"
happy 420 day to all you stoners out there!
bbl l4d2 dlc
found melon soda! *que flashback to japan*
hack reality 
"if you don't have anything mean to say, don't say anything at all"
is really looking forward to the next two and a half hours of getting raped by his geography exam   annoyed 
"bad religion t-shirt: $18, reaction of the preacher on the ovel: priceless"
"when eeny meeny miny moe, becomes a big part of your exam taking, you know you're fucked "
note to self: burn your sketchbooks  both of them 
 laugh 
cowboy bebop is on!  nostalgia
"had one of the best weekends in a long time, even if it did rain on my parade "
"just realized how advantageous it is to take notes on the computer, instead of by hand   not only is it e playful onentially faster, i can wikipedia things and point out the falsehoods of what my professor says "
"tragic news, bawls is out of business  sad "
"1180 college students have commited suicide in the last year, 8 of them from ohio state   speak out against silence "
"needs a new pair of flip flops  troubled  they passed before their time tt_tt flip flops, you will be missed"
loves the internet so very much 
did you know platypuses have poisonous thorns on their legs?
"has a new tooth, and no longer looks like a crack meth addict"
"attention everyone, tights are not pants!"
"according to facebook ads, i apparently need to get checked for chlamydia and make flash cards   ?  how the fuck are these things selected?!?"
 smile 
"caught a bat today, you're jealous "
you know you've had too much class in one day when you've sucessfully depleated a 8 hour laptop battery taking notes   
fell down the rabbit hole again >__<
bwains! bwwwaaaaiiinnnssss!!
is a zombie tt_tt
puppy adventure tomorrow!!!  laugh 
had a puppy adventure today!  laugh 
"fuck, i forgot to sleep again  troubled  i guess i'll be waking up after 5pm today"
is with coco
just saw the most ironic thing ever; a smoker's outpost that was on fire 
puppy sitting!!! squeee!!!  smile 
"shit, i think i might actually finish this paper!"
saturday morning cartoons?! fuck yea insomnia!
"locked out of the apartment, but i have lock picks on me, what do?"
is on summer break!  laugh 
is suffering from puppy withdraw  sad 
is working a regular job like a big kid 
toy story 3!  laugh 
toy story 3 was completely worth every second of the 11 year wait  best movie ever 
's laptop died  sad 
is one score old!
thanks for all the wonderful birthday wishes!
is three weeks away from owning his very own alienware m11x!  laugh  damn you delll and your slow build times! i may die from the anticipation!
when did cs annoyed  get achievements?! and why did no one tell me?!
have a sense of adventure
has new glasses  smile 
is on his shiney new alienware m11x!  laugh 
 love 's barbi  wink 
can i get someone to help watch my dog thursday while i goto see iron maiden?
lighthouses rule   if you don't like lighthouses you suck 
watching cowboy bebop   so much nostalgia and win 
just had his car ash tray catch fire while driving  laugh 
is back from the <propfemale> 
"\can you at least rape the men in this game?\"" -- <propfirst> cooper"""
was cut off in line at cedar point by miley <propmale>   what a bitch!
"\fat people can only be taken seriously when they are talking about the best resturants\"" -- barbi eubanks"""
"is gay for pay, <propfirst> hwang where you at??"
is phoneless >__<
<propfirst> hwang is now to be known as snooki
new season of the venture brothers starts september 12th and i could not be more excited 
loves his sidekick  smile 
wishes he had nail polish 
"yes, i realize i'm staggering  no, i'm not drunk on the first day of class "
"if one gerbil were on meth, and another on pcp;  which would win in a fight to the death?"
"life's a joke, take the time to laugh at it once in a while "
is wearing hospital socks  smile 
herp derp widdly scuds cat planet durf
holy fucking shit fuck i actually finished all my homework for the week  commence nap time!
"phone vs  windsheild, phone won, but their both broken   troubled "
"havin' a blasty blast with <propfemale> amerine, aka sidekick & <propfemale> price, aka meep!  smile "
is still invincible
party party finals are done!
lets go jackets!
hell yes buckeyes
oh baby!
the blue jackets have yet to lose a game ive gone to  quick someone buy me season tickets!
i'd hit that  with a crowbar 
eeefffff i just got my identity stolen   
tolerance means laughing on the inside 
"i do love me some video games and i certainly love contests, so what the hell, i'd sell my soul to razer if they asked nicely and gave me free stuff "
"space nazi's are coming, the history channel has warned us   "
"go to your facebook profile and look at your 'friends' sidebar  the top 5 people are your team in the case of a zombie apocalypse  how good is your group?\<propfemale> amerine <propmale> kowalski <propfirst> <propfirst> rodgers yenny <propmale> <propmale> grinch\i'm pretty sure we'd be set, <propmale> can just call in the military  smile "
