bc38dcd03c355a35fb386b620b753f4b
"kelsea, bri, and <propfemale> love you! happy new yearrr!"
i'm offically caught up in the world!!
threw my tuck today!! all by myself! i'm pretty pumped  smile 
grey's anatomy premier tonight! hoping i get out of cheer in time!
missing grey's anatomy because of my mom and wal mart  sad  ugh!
on my way to <propmale> central  not too thrilled about it either! i don't feel like cheering 
riding home from the game that we won!! 35 to 15 
"in my own little world, but thats ok!  smile "
don't play games with a girl who can play better!
ugh it's monday    bummer!
"wouldn life be perfect if sweat pants were sexy, mondays were fun, junk food didn make you fat, girls didn cause so much drama, and guys weren so confusing!! ha"
"life is all about taking chances, doing something everyone said u couldn't do, not caring what other people think, learning to love what u have while u have it "
is not wearing heels today  these girls are crazy 
<propfemale> grimmie has just became idol!
<propfemale> grimmie has just became my idol!
good morning everybody! its's friday  yay!!
playing biloxi tonight! i hope we don't lose our homecoming  ha
to all my fellow g c cheerleaders  today is competition day! we got this girls!!
i knew we had it girls!! great job getting that first place!
trying to have a positive attitude about this beautiful monday  smile 
"if girls ran as much as they run their mouth, we would all be in good shape!"
hopes <propfemale> is ok!! had a pretty scary practice 
"believe that anything you can imagine, you can make real!"
headed to the game! going to whoop some panther butt!
cruise in the coast!! i'm liking it  lol
so exausted  i somehow managed to stay awake during church 
live life loud! why go through it unnoticed?
"you and me, were face to face but we dont see eye to eye  were like fire and rain, were <propfemale> and mars, like different stars!"
boyfriend-stealers  backstabbers  crazy ex-girlfriends  why are the biggest girl dramas always over a guy!?
play hancock tonight  won 31 to 24!  smile 
praise in the park with casting crowns! i vote best ever!
going to the house of horrors later  me plus scary things not a good idea!
"life, one of the hardest words in the english language to figure out "
it's unhealthy to obsess over what people think about you  so why are girls thinking it matters how much their shoes cost or where they got their clothes from?
practicing with the east central cheerleaders tonight! this should be fun!
"just because your free to say whatever you want, doesn't mean you always should "
people keep asking me how my day was  it's a monday!! go figure  ha
it's gymnastic day! whoo hoo!! (not)
it's game day!! not looking forward to this three hour drive just to cheer 
then again i will do it for my football team!! good luck guy  smile 
shopping with my dad is like hunting with the game warden 
"just try to imagine your life without facebook     kind of boring, right?"
today is my last day to ever be 15  it's kinda sad!
thank you everybody for the happy birthdays! i love you all  smile 
i love all my friends! yall know how to make me smile and laugh  your all the best  smile  and thank you for the great suprise party!! i love you guys!
happy thanksgiving everybody! have a good day and be thankful for what you have  smile  i know i am!
when in doubt    laugh!!
been up since four this morning  sad  im not the happiest camper right now 
why i try to fix things? i don't even know! some people make it so difficult 
hoping i get my bestfriend back real soon  things shouldn't be this way at all  
everything is all better  smile  i like it alot!
in the process of night practice! oh what joy  ha
"hey, it's ok to be vaguely offened when the takeout plave gives you two sets of utensils for your one-person dinner!"
very upset about losing my favorite necklace 
monday i give you a big thumbs down!! sorry
"recipe for happiness: 1 heart full of love, a dash laughter,1 head full of understanding  sprinkle generously with kindness add plenty of faith and mix well "
"imperfection is beauty, madness is genius, and its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring!"
"laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, dreams are forever!"
going to see those cute kids after school today! i'm super excited  smile 
pretty bummed out cause i couldn't watch grey's anatomy  sad 
on my way to state competition in jasckson! good luck girls! we got this  smile  whoop there it is!
state champions!! great job girls! we got that ring now  smile  loud and proud!
when life rains on you parade   bring out the slip'n'slide!
"bestfriends: we're the kind of people who laugh at a joke 3 times  once when it's told, 2nd time when it's e playful lained, and 3rd time when we actually get it "
i do know it all    i just can't remember it all at once!
<propfemale> christmas everybody  smile 
blue
when nothing goes right    go left!
a migrain plus allergies and sinus problems   yeah i feel pretty terrible 
"be strong in the lord, never give up hope  he's gonna do great things  god's got his hand on you so don't live life in fear and don't forget why your here!"
don't be a monkey; just let go of the bananas!
"last day off, so depressing   "
"he thinks he's so funny! well guess what mister <propmale> gardner, we'll see about that tomorrow "
on my way to cheer at the go daddy com bowl with <propmale> ans the family  smile  pretty excited about being on espn  ha
"had quite of an e playful erience at the game! saw my dad and sister yell at some drunks guys and seen them get arrested! ha, what a night!"
i wonder if this day can get any longer!!
playing just dance 2! lets just say its not working out for me  haha
be extraordinary in the ordinary things of life!!
you can never go wrong with never shout never  never!
wondering why my english teacher looks and sounds like <propfirst> mouse! ha
"me plus bowling, yeah this should be interesting! ha"
"there's nothing better than a friend, except a friend with food!"
for anybody who knows the gardner family  please keep them and their family in your prayers!
"the only people you need in your life, are the ones that need you in theirs "
loving my life and the way things are right now  it couldn't be more perfect  smile 
feeling pretty bad again  i guess my body thinks i wasn't sick enough last night 
bestfriends: they know how stupid you are and still choose to be seen with you in public 
"sadly watching this rerun of grey's anatomy    but hey, its grey's anatomy!"
next thursday guys! brand new episode  haha
"a good friend is like a bra  supportive, never leave you hanging, make you look good, and always close to your heart!"
big thumbs up for a great new episode of grey's anatomy  smile 
finally got my letterman today! super excited  smile 
"above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it! proverbs 4:23"
my mom has lost it! she asked me to start our fireplace! haha
so sore! skipping cheer for a month was not a good idea!
looks like i won't make it home from cheer in time to watch grey's anatomy  sad 
once again i suck at bowling!!
so proud of my best friend! i love you <propfemale> burge  smile 
we're gonna miss you <propmale>! good luck <propmale>!
public announcment: i just wanted everyone to know that it's the best brother-in-law's birthday! happy birthday <propmale>! i love you  smile 
a lie can travel halfway aound while the truth is putting on its shoes  --<propfirst> twain
"playing just dance  once again i suck at this <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>! ha"
counting down the days until disney!  smile 
happy birthday karlea  smile 
happy birthday autumn! i lovee you  smile 
can't wait to hit the road for disney! just a few more hours and its go time! haha
i'm offically at disney world! gonna have a blast with my best friends this week  smile 
eating at planet hollywood! probably one of the coolest restaurants ever!
headed to animal kingdom today! pretty excited  smile 
just e playful erienced the biggest adrenaline rush on mount everest!! pretty great
just watched the best beauty and the beast musical! fixing to ride tower of terror  sad  pray for me 
just gave my fastpass to a family from portugal! good deed of the day accomplished! ha
sad i have to leave disney world behind  felt like a little four year old the whole time!
"<propfirst> freaking bush, i lovee you too!!"
"well, today starts the first day of tryouts! joy ha"
why am i sore from cheerleading? its not like its the first time in my life to do it  ha
headed to tryouts! freaking out!
went swiming today in the coldest creek ever!!
can't keep my eyes open  thanks alot monday!
just one of those days
just took the state writing test! i better have made a 4  my hand hurts nad enough!
sitting in second block while <propfirst> boings my curly hair! ha
hoping today is the day  smile 
my hopes are crushed  sad 
phoenix bound babby!
