914cfd3f8f75b714060d1288d77544ba
so much 4 a family new year 
happy new year!!!
i jst saw 8 cop cars @ wawa on lynnhaven  2nite would b the nite 2 do dirty deeds  obviously cops r <propfemale> break 
"missin grade school, being young and free, and the ppl i use to know "
yaaay i hav bout an hr left of wrk  i need a better job so i can go bak 2 school and become a head shrink  tell evry1 they nuts and give them a blunt!
omg its cold outside! im movin where it nevr gets cold enuff to snow  that way i dont hav 2 worry bout the ppl who drive slow b\\c they afraid of othr ppl  yall r the reason y! u go 20 <propmale> below da limit whn it jst startd 2 snow 5 mins b4!
"does ne1 else feel like these last 5 yrs went by way 2 fast  and i feel old now whn i say \remember 10 yrs ago whn   \"" 23 is old  sad """
wow da snow is stickin 2 da roads  really cold day  sad 
sry fazolis fans the chesapeake square store is closed  the3 vb location will close @ 7pm 
"i have realized i am 1 of the few from my class that doesn`t have a kid and is or has been married  i`m not sure if thats a good thing or a bad thing  good thing b\\c  i dont have another mouth 2 feed other than me and my doggy  bad thing b\\c  thats means i havnt really started my life  i have a fiance, but we`ve been 2gethr since 11th grade (7 yrs)  im nt sure that counts "
omg 1 of my male gerbils jst played fetch with a lil glass egg  dats so cute!
ha i jst heard on the news that olhs is infested with mice or rats  damn i dont remembr
happy birthday mama!!!
ok ne1 friends with <propmale> <propmale>  there r a shitload and most r white boys 
ahhhh i got sauce on my white jacket  i hope todds mom has a tide 2 go stik
does ne1 really report photos?
"so guys if ur nt guna tak da time to lift da toilet seat whn u pee then u need 2 take da time 2 wipe up ur dribble  thats da whole reason bhind da seat   da time u try & sav by nt puttin da seat up & down u need 2 spend wipin ur mess  its nt ur grls job to clean it  woman how do yall get shit & piss on da seat? i mean seriously, how? oh & every1 should b flushing it aftr u go  y leave it 4 da next person, thats gros "
i knw im l8 but i jst heard da steelrs lost 2 da jets! really? ima hear it from my boss! i dnt really follow football but i hope they still get a <propmale> 4 da bowl
jst finishd my xmas shopping  14 ppl i had 2 gift 4  and only 3 r my family  1 is 4 a fellow managr @ wrk and the others r <propmale> and his family
fuk da school size cartons of choc milk! earlyr i decided 2 hav 1 from wrk  the date said <propfirst> 16th 2011 so i opend it  yeah well i swallowd b4 i smelld  ive been wrkin most of da nite wif a clenching feeling in my tummy and chest  grrrrrr false advertisment
yaaaay my tummy feels bettr  wut sux is that it took coffee 2 help!
ok now all my xmas shoppin is done  jst had my daddy and niece left  i hope my daddy likes his gift  its sumthin he can use while in <propfemale>  sad  which he definately is goin 2 in may  sad 
hmmmm i sooooooooo thought more ppl would b sayin shit than there r  wuts the point of facebook? myspace has more action 
ahhh wrapping break!!! i jst hav todds gifts 2 wrap now  cant wait til 2morrow!
yaaay! im done wif todds gifts  no more 2 wrap  jst unwrappin now!
"* \den mother  u frighten me \"" *"""
geez u ppl bing up @ 6 am! we jst finishd our gifts  good yr  hope my parents actually like their gifts  and my gift 2 my friends      i blow a rasberry @ ya!
"hmm i'm havin 3 sets of xmas gifts 2 unwrap  my famliy, todds, then todds family  wow! remembr its the thought not the price!"
guess wut every1! i hit a tree!
"who loves orange soda?\ i do i do i do i do i d surprise -o!"
"our male mouse spaz is nearing the end of his life  if he doesnt pass by my next nonsnow day off, i think we will look in2 puttin him down so he doesnt suffer anymor than he has  and so soon aftr <propfemale> passed   sad   sad   sad   <propmale> is so heartbroken  spaz is his <propmale>  we've had him for 4yrs "
jst got bak from a walk in the snow  took sum pic s  its pretty out 
ugh i hav 2 wrk too        f u <propfirst> 4 bein sick  as far as i knw <propfemale> ur wrkin 2 
"goin out shoppin again 2day like i did yesterday  spent too long @ da mall, it wuz 7 b4 i knew it  and i dont wanna drive aftr dark until the roads thaw more  so off 2 do more shoppin  have walmart gift cards 2 use up! thx family!"
jst got bak from shoppin  walmart sux! no pj pants and no good t shirts  skrew shoppin!
stoner movies rock!
omg my gerbils r sooooo cute  they all act differently when they want 2 come out and play on the bed  and yes they do want 2 come out of their cages  some of our gerbils like me more than <propmale> and vice versa 
i say if ur oldr than the age of 50 the only jobs u should get r desk or dishwashin  ur too old and or slow 2 do the job rite and fast 
"yaaaay! abc family put \whos line is it anyway?\"" back on """
ok i knw im l8 but i jst watched the openin of the final destination in 3d and        they still got the bitch!
whoop whoop! much lov 2 my juggalo family!
yaaay techno! rockin 2 crazy frog
u knw wut happend 2 verbal agreements being binding  i agreed wif my parents that if i had full time job or full time school i wouldnt hav 2 pay rent      fat <propmale> now! jst like we agreed 2 each pay half of the neon  they chargin me 4 all of it  and i dnt even hav the damn thing nemore  im almot 24 and it looks like i wont b able 2 move out till im 30  i cant seem 2 save much as it is  i wish we got paid monthly 
fuck facebook im deleting my shit aftr i get done with wrk  u bitches wanna talk 2 me get my # 
y is it parents nevr take fault in arguments with their kids? i think they r afraid 2 admit 2 their child that the parents r wrong  and 2 argue about $!
2011 is the year of the rabbit! my year! and it starts like a huge pile of <propmale> shit! this is not gunna b a pleasant yr  i hope i move out soon 
"if men had titties and produced milk and woman only carried and deliverd the babies, there would b a lot of dead babies  and a lot of men twisting their own nipples! haha and if u dnt get that, let me knw "
"fuckin pennypinchin cumwades! if u wanna save $, dnt go out 2 eat! and dnt argue the price! u chose 2 go there, dnt bitch "
i hope this new zodiac only effects the babies born from 2011 onward  i dnt wanna change from a taurus! it defines me 2 a tee  i havnt been able 2 find nething that says if it changes ppls already born 
has evry1 heard boutt da new zodiac? ha it better nt change my chinese zodiac! its suppose 2 b da yr of da rabbitt  my yr!
yaaaay 4 ihop @ 130 in da morning!
mad props 2 da dude who invented hot boxin!
what did the deaf person say to his friend whn they saw a man tossin gang signs?
"i figured it out! i am slightly lactose intolerant  i havent eaten nething since saturday nite  bout 2 hrs ago i had 4 cheese raviolis  now i have da shits  its da cheese! doctors b damned, i can diagnose myself "
my boss is gunna joke me 4 a week if the steelers dnt win against the jets this sunday  go steelers!!! steel the wings off the jets  smile 
ne1 else not gettin 96 1 or 94 9 on da radio?
aww todds sick  too bad i dnt like 2 baby da sick  i do like 2 b babied whn im sick 
i hope the steelers r winning
thank god! im almost done with my 10 5 hr day @ wrk  with no break! fuck being a managr 
yall voted obama in2 office  hes changed shit and yall dont like it 4 wutevr reason  im tired of hearin bitchin and of ppl sayin they hate him  stfu and do sumthin  bsides its nt da pres  congress and hofr that rule 
grrr i want ihop!
"wut movie is this from? \<propmale> gates! <propmale> gates! <propmale> gates!\"""""
"<propmale> and i will be up at ihop, new landstown commons one, round 1130pm 2nite  so i am handin out an open invitation to meet us there  otherwise ima b bored!"
back from ihop  we were the only ppl there  wut suckd? our waitress  we didnt even c her for 30 aftr we got our food  anothr lady came by  then a guy 2 bring us watrs 
"\how i met your mother\"" is an awsome show!"""
"ha ppl wif mental retardations r funny  couple came in 2day 4 a date  the guy askd the girl if she wanted 2 be his girlfriend  ha the girl said \ will u buy me a watch?\"" hahahaha then she said yes """
dude i hope i nevr develope schitzophrenea  i already get annoyed by my bros paranoia  he thinx sum1 is putting eyedroplets of sumthin in the coffee pot!
gettin nice @ an old friends house  then we goin 2 ihop again  i think ima addicted! open invitation 2 come  landstown commons n sure wut time     1130 or midnite  mayb
mmmmm pancakes
omg this comedian gabrial iglesias is funny as hell! and he can mimic bush jr perfectly 
ha january 31st is child labor day nationwide!
"hmmm tattoos r illegal in oklahoma!\www bizarrenews com"
"january 31st is national child labor day!\www bizarrenews com"
"in oklahoma it is illegal 2 have a tattoo \www bizarrenews com"
"febuary 1st is serpent day nationwide!\www bizarrenews com"
extreme home makerover is in vb! and the lady is a fukin saint! fostered 35 children who came out well  and she brings clothin to the homeless living @ the underpasses 
i want ihop!
yaaaay  im @ ihop
"febuary is international twit award month!\www bizarrenews com"
guess wut state it is illegal 2 tickle a woman in!!!
is a person who gets cold easily  it has 2 b @least 65 out in vb 2nite  too bad it gunna be in the 30s or close 2 it 2morrow 
oh i loooooove that icp is gettin bigger  i cant wait to watch attack of the show later!
rip spaz  our poor 6yr old mouse passed away bout an hour ago! and wuts worse is that we jst noticed 
"febuary is creative romance month  start thinkin!\www bizarrenews com"
ihop!    ihop!    ihop!
is horribly sad today     sad 
"im tired of ppl who r pissed, for 1 thing or another, sayin shit thats uncalld 4  i jst get off wrk, todds pissed cuz of tooth pain & his father kickin him out da shower, i say 1 thing & he snaps @ me for no reason  i was askin wut he wanted 2 watch "
"haha packers didnt win by much  and i heard the steelers didnt play their best  thats disappointing  but then again, if they did play their best the packers woulda looked like basketball players  hahahahaha"
"if ur a baby daddy or e playful ecting baby daddy, u need 2 man up and get right  the lil shit is half u 2! ur baby mama cant do it herself  \this is for the men younger than 30 who is still immature and young @ heart "
ha i jst saw a car commercial that had a subyacht (sp?)  that shits cool! i want 1!!!
whoop  whoop  feelin family luv 2day!
ne1 have a # for a good family lawyer or @least 1 that knows bout renters rights? i think my parents r waaaaay ovr chargin my bro 4 rent  and they tried it on me  but i refused 2 pay more than $150 
nooooooo it started snowin 5 min s ago! noooooooo
no1 go 2 chesepeake square fazolis on friday! i have 2 take a shift ovr there  i dnt want it 2 b busy
"\hi-de ho good neighboor!\"""""
cool! 3 ninjas is on!
and its a cut i've never seen  wrds i dnt remembr 
im bored!!!
there is nuthin funnier than a gerbil who gets scared and stomps for 5 min s b c of the sound of the keys clicking as i type 
im tired of bullshitters and bitches who blow me off  @least say nevermind  or plain no  this not answering is getting annoying  im bout ready 2 drop ne1 who does this shit again 
havin crushes suck  exspecialy whn ur in a relationship 
"its fucked up already whn u hafta delete ur family  its 2x worse whn u hafta delete friends who knw ur man b\\c they might read ur shit wrong and open their mouths whn its nt their place  no likes a tattle tale, exspecialy if the info is wrong or u dnt knw the whole story"
gerbils r sooooo cute!
police academy rox!
leavin 4 ihop round 7pm 2nite  if u dnt hav a date ur more than welcome 2 attend  its @ the landstown commons location 
im bored  lookin 2 get nice and relax
"im bout ready 2 quit, new job or nt, then burn the fucker down 3 months l8r  the good thing? i get 2 watch and hear bout how bad it gets aftr i leave "
jst heard bout theses new bras called ahh bra or sumthin like it  ne1 knw of it?
grrrr lookin 4 long lost family is hard  1: b\\c dnt knw wut they look like (even w\\family features) 2: b c nt sure if they hav the same last name u knw  3: b c too many ppl have the same fuckin names! 4: b\\c they might nt of used their real name  could of used a nickname 
that reminds me! fuck all ya'll who used nicknames instead of ur real names  how can ne1 find ur ass!
todds a dumbass  he jst stabbed his foot w\\broken glass  its wuz dark i'll give him that 
ahhh im soooooo tired! wish i could take a nap @ wrk 
5 hrs of sleep  and im wrkin 10 hrs w\\no break!
help! sum1 cum keep me company or cum visit me! i need sum stress relief 
its gotten chilly  crap
ha sum1 came in 2 min s b4 closing  we told them they couldnt dine in  so they left  dipshits
y am i still awake?
ahhh its so nice out! and im off 2day  whoop whoop!
yaaaaay im bout 2 watch the karate kid  the new 1 w\\ <propfirst> <propfemale>! dnt care bout the lil rapper kid 
he keeps pausing the movie! ima kill him
uh grrrrr sum1 save me from my family!
omg! 2nites perfect 4 a high ride! too bad i dnt wanna drive    
"i think ima watch the karate kid movie again    w out <propmale>  he pauses it too much, then gets mad cuz i wanna watch the f-ing movie more than 10min s at a time "
im not cho daddy  im ur grandpa! im not cho daddy  im ur grandpa!
i love it whn ppl leave instead of ordering  less wrk 4 me 2 do!
what what? in ur butt!!!
jst finished watching the losers  pretty good  ooooooo jury duty is on! ha and <propmale> jst got ima pauly shore fan 
sum shits gotta change  or im gunna hafta make a big decision  but this decision is probably the best thing 4 me 
shit sux
uh sum1 get my superman!
"how can i b @ wrk, with stuff 2 do, and still b bored!"
bitches go home and cook! stop wasting $ on crappy tasteless food 
yaaay 4 closin time!
i think @least half of wut ppl say on here is bs! i doubt ppl r havin as good of a life as sum say  and i doubt ppl r havin as shitty a life as sum say  exaggeration(sp?) is nevr good  dnt get caught up in ur own lies  u'll nevr b able 2 keep them all straight 
i swear 2 god suspicous much!
i dont know what to do! help!!!
i dont know what to do! help!!!!!!
sum1 cum 2 fazolis and keep me company!  smile 
jst found out my daddy is gettin shipped out 2 <propfemale> on my birthday!!!  sad 
rofl im arguin w\\ an employee about 2 guys bein gay or not 
ugh i dnt knw wut 2 do!
is chickening out
its fuckin cold out!
"if deoderant makes ur pits itchy, ur allergic 2 it!"
fuck! i wish this wuz easier!
needs a friends nite  wants a high ride      dnt wana do it alone 
crap my phones dying!!
wow      
"after the day i've had, the lil time i had out with friends alone waz great  had a good nite  smile "
ugh     im bored now
boredom turns 2 saddness quickly      kiss (
y is he hurtin me like this?
cant sleep    crying too much 
loves her friends  even 1 smile helps a lot 
*sigh* jst take deep breaths
hes nt getting wut i say  but he claims he is  i feel like shit now and im nt sure if i should stay and hope the same shit doesnt continue  or jst break up w him and not look back 
hmmm aftr wrk is gunna get boring w nothin 2 do    
"evry1 is tellin me 2 break up w him  i think i cant b c im too nice  i cant stand 2 hav ne1 upset w me or dissapointed  my heart starts racing, my adrenalin starts pumping, and i start 2 shake "
ahhh i 4got 2 have my cake!
ugh my dad has his cheif and another solider ovr here  they woke my ass up @ 9am  that may nt seem early 2 ne of yall  but i usually dont wake up till 1030 
i wonder if my dad's platoon will break up w him 4 me  and go in2 his room and take evrything thats mine   surprise  his cheif is here rite now!
"my dads leaving 4 deplolyment 2 <propfemale> on april 27th, my birthday  i have already taken the week off  i am going 2 get drunk w him!"
well i jst broke up w him 
it hurts sooo much
i hope i did the rite thing  i feel soooo bad 
"family makes everything better   4 the most part  u knw wut  if ne1 reads this and can get 2 lynnhaven fazolies, i will take 20% off yalls orders! only if u cum in  no drive thru!!"
shouldnt have listened 2 his voicemails  im hurtin again  and i felt soooo much better aftr talkin w my mom  he doesnt wanna give up  and he thinks love is enough 4  a good relationship 
ya know this is bullshit! i was doin good till he called  ugh he called again as i was typin this!
ha jst took <propfemale> hits w my bro 
i left him a message this morning  trying to get this shit in his head  then i asked him not 2 call me for a while  *sigh* baby steps 
its soooo beautiful out! vb weather sux most of the time  but nt on these days!
got attacked by leaves on the road  hahaha
gunna have dinner w my parents 2nite  havnt <propfemale> looong time 
red city buffet!!!
5 hrs  till im tired     wut 2 do?
is now bored       *grumbles*
omg! the alien jst probed <propmale> on american dad!!
ugh still bored! how can it b friday and no1s doin nething 
grr i hav 2 go get my check
off 2 wrk    yaaaay    
i find it hard 2 believe that the day aftr i dump him he manages 2 get 3 interviews 4 next week     fuck him  using my ass jst so he didnt hav 2 wrk  i knew he wasnt doin shit!
ugh 2nite needs 2 end  and seeing that long ass email <propmale> sent using his neice pissed me off 
yaaay wrks ovr!!!
ugh! give up!
" sad  my dad is leaving 4 training camp 2day for 3 weeks  then hes here 4 a month, then its off 2 <propfemale>  kiss (  ima miss him!!"
ha the social butterfly turned hermit now back 2 butterfly!!!!
sum1 come in!! we're bored!!! its soooooo slow
ahhh i cant wait till summer and no more cold nites!!
*sigh*
mmmm chocolate milk!!
well guess im goin home  *sigh*
theres nothin on tv! grrrr i hate wrkin @nite  no1 wants 2 chill aftr 11!
im sooooo bored!
he cant fucking leave me alone for 1 fucking day  and hes wondering y im not answering! i'll call him whn im ready!
i jst had 2 block his neice cuz he told me he saw wut i wrote  aaaaand he left me 2 vms  i feel bad hes upset and sad and that i havnt called 2 talk   but im nt ready 2 call him  its nt that im nt ready 2 completely break up w him  its i dnt knw how 2 say the shit running in my head all day 
yaaaay 2morrow is suppose 2 b warm   ish!
i cant belive all the shit i havnt done ovr the years! i wasted the best and most exciting years of my life sittin in a small room     sad 
believes in ghosts
todays gunna b a bad day   sad 
asshole made me walk in the rain across the parking lot  then made it seem like he was bout 2 meet me  had an umbrella in hand 
go away rain!!!! btw my cell is fucking up so it might take a while 4 txts 2 get 2 me!
im bored! whos doin wut 2nite?
ha bitches! where the hot guys @? gotta get my flirt on  i got <propmale> aftr 8 yrs 
ugh cant sleep     sad 
hmmmm dress sexy or jst put on sumthin random    
hahahahahahahaha
y r there soooo many cheerleader movies! ugh most of them arnt even cute!
mmmm mcdonalds! ooo now a generation!
 surprise  jst saw a commercial for sum goooood lookin new mini wheats!!!!! *<propmale> moment*
holy shit!!!! moist!
loves to go fast    in cars
i think im gunna start doin a wrkout every morning  cant be so lazy now that im single!!!
ugh my brother is soooo fuckin nosy!
omg! pot fiend! leave me alone!
i'm bored!!!!! sum1 heeeeeeeeelp!
mmmmm goooood
ugh gotta wrk @ 3  eh gives me sumthin 2 do
<------loves flirtin!
ugh i hate stupid people! use your common sense!
<------ needs ppl 2 chill w 2nite  dnt wanna b alone  sad 
*sigh*
if yall cant tell      im bored and alone for the 1st time since i broke up w him  i dont think its goin so well      
mmm mm the older the guy the hotter he seems! well ne1 ovr 30 it too old  playful 
 sad  my finger hurts!
ugh  we cant hear ovr the jets    no matter how loud yall yell  read the menu b4 u ask ?s cuz guess what    the answer 9 out 10 is on it!! grrr 4 stupid ?s  grrrr stupid ppl who seem 2 hav nevr gone through drive thrus 
yaaay 2 5 more hrs till im off!! and im huuuuunnnngry
"fuckin retards that come through! learn 2 read! can even pronounce a word that jst has an extra \o\"" at the end!"""
hmmm i wonder if i can leave @ 730 instead or 8      oh thats right! im the senior manager    i can leave early since we nt busy! sweeeeet
ahhhhh i ate 2 bowls of cereal aftr nt eatin nething 2day     bedtime! oooooo naughty dream time  laugh 
ahhh my burn blister popped!  surprise  time for a shower!
wow   ppl really look at others pages that much? ha my bro neighboor cares  playful 
ha well im no longer goin 2 the mall   the person i hate the most now works at the mcdonalds there 
ugh bad tasting food @ da mall       
ha i ran in2 a car! no damage or paint transfer! very cool
lookin for somthin to do 2nite!
friday nite and no1s doin shit? laaaaaame
grrr *sigh*
ahh wut a night! now i have to work today  sad 
im really liking the new pink songs!!
ooooo i would loooove to sky dive or bungie jump!
"y is it every thime \the librarian\"" movies are on i always miss the first 30 minutes!"""
grrrrrr y cant music be free! fuck the artists they get mad $ from clothing and other bs no1 needs
ugh im quitting fazolis sooooon! fuck this place  1st 15mins and i get pissed off!
ugh! i wish i had the $ to go to the tat festival to get a new 1      sad   sad 
<------ hates most people  idiots!
wow we r soooo slow  im actually bored!!!! some1 come up and eat!
seriously     really bored! every1 needs 2 leave the tat e playful o and come here! its sad     
yaaay almost closed!
if i find out anyone else has been tellin <propmale> shit i say on here i will delete and block you  i just did it to 3 people  i will do it to anyone 
*sigh* wish i could smoke!!!!! theres nothin better than being pissed off then having a nice bowl to yourself 
grrrr y is it soooo hard to get to sleep 2nite? oh yeah        cuz im thinkin bout a hoooooottttt ass man! ugh get outta my head and let me sleep!
alright im puttin this out again cuz i did post it late last night  if i find out that anyone is telling <propmale> the shit i say on here i will delete your ass  im not having this childish shit anymore  im almost 24  this isnt high school  we arent children  grow up!
ha i just realized     i havent eaten anything since  friday night 
ugh my dishwasher didnt show up so we r down a closer     lovely  i'll b out by 1130 2nite     thx dude
even w being down a person we will get out on time 2nite! yaaaay for teamwork and havin no customers!!!
hmmmmm i wont be tired until 1am     what should i do with myself until then?
rofl @ peaches and skeet
rockin to b o b airplanes !!!!!
*sigh* time 4 bed    hopefuly
awww y did i wake up!!!! i was having such a gooood dream  playful 
im hungry    but i dont know what to eat  nothing appeals
hahahahaha ahhhh sexual healing!
another day at work  *sigh*
its slow and im bored!
ugh wtf! i was able 2 download music on frostwire yesterday  yet theres a firewall i cant take down now  i cant do shit!
20 more minutes  then i can go home and hide from annoying people!
"*sigh* thank god im off tomorrow  hopefuly i wont cry tomorrow night like i did tonight, ha i dont even know why i started  all the sudden on my way home i started ballin   kiss ("
im just gunna go to bed  every channel i turn is romantic bs i cant stand to watch  hmm maybe i'll dream bout my crush again  confidential 
"\i'm proud to be from the south - where tea is sweet & accents are sweeter; summer starts in april; front porches are wide & words are long; macaroni & cheese is a vegetable; pecan pie is a staple; y’all is the only proper pronoun; chicken is fried & biscuits come w  gravy; where everyone is darling & <propfemale>  y'all! repost if you're southern to the bone!\""\",914cfd3f8f75b714060d128 laugh 77544ba,goooood morning everyone! its a wonderful day 2 be off!
hmm what to do today being im off 
ahhhh nice shower         *evil grin*
time to do sum shit l8r every1
"does anyone know if <propmale> <propmale> has a fb <propfemale>? if so, u his friend?"
ha megamind did a donkey kong tribute! hell yea!
haha megamind is the shit  if he was real he could be my supervillian anytime!!!  wink 
apocalyptica- i dont care        thats my fuckin song!
god my brother is a duche!
*sigh*
grrrrr im sooooo bored!
damn  sad  i missed the 1st 30mins of tosh's stand up
"ahhhhh rocked out to great music on the radio goin home tonight; the black keys - howlin' for you, cage the elephant - aint no rest for the wicked, and train - hey soul sister"
mornin every1!
noooo i have to work in 2 hrs!  sad  w my boss alllllll night 
mmmmm mcdonalds b4 wrk!
ugh i hate loud cycles!!!!! get the quiet ones! they sexier  wink 
ugh! im tryin nt 2 flirt cuz its only been 2 weeks  but ive been seein sum sexy mofos and its haaaarrrrd! exspecially whn im really in2 a guy   sad 
ahhhh fuck my phone!!!!! it wont let me do shit! i wanna <propmale> it in the ocean  kiss (
hmmmm im home! yaaaaaay its getting warmer    soon i can start wearing less to bed  wink 
"omg im soooo late! i didnt know u can \poke\"" ppl on here! hahahahaha yall r gunna haaaaaaate me"""
ahhhh im seein pic s of <propfirst> flanery now   hes ugly! but him in the boondock saints was hoooooooot
 sad  shit    must think of something or someone else!!!!!
yaaaaay i get out early today! and im off tomorrow!!!
haha <propfirst> <propmale> said pussy!!!!
i still have an hour     im bored  hurry up time so i can get work over with!!
off to work
hmm 5 more hours  hopfully less  wink 
"i have two free tickets to see \hall pass\"" w owen <propmale>  who should i take w me?"""
btw my cell phone is being a lil bitch and wont send txts  and im pretty sure its not takin any
ahhhh we r sooooo slow!e which is a good thing  i get 2 leave early  smile 
yaaaay im off! time to change
im starving! hurry up pizza! damn!
grrrrr   sad 
*sigh* long day      my bed is lookin nice!
morning bitches  playful 
rip japans earthquake and tsumani victims   sad  such wasted life  annoyed 
oooo our plum tree is blossoming!
ugh my brother is being a lil bitch! i wonder if my parents will figure out its was me if i slowly fill his room with co2 while hes sleeping tonite  playful  ahhh wishful thinking
                         kiss (  kiss (  kiss (  kiss (
im jumping in the shower
hmmm i want        a guy 2 flirt with   and possibly more  wink 
ugh! i can never win w  this light! i go 1 way its red  i go the other wy its red  same variables 2!  grrr
hates it when old ppl drive nice cars
jst saw a new camero gettin towed!!!! hahahahahahahah
thats it! im done! <propmale> can go fuck a duck! i am never going back out with him! he is lying 2 everyone! including me! ugh there is no love anymore!
omg i have hidden tons of posts from <propfemale>s i like  and i still have a full <propfemale> of nothin but music and tv shows shit!
awwww some <propfemale> romantic shit is cute! its the little things that r the sweetest
ewww creppy! old ppl foreplay!
"its friday, im freshly fed  whats good in vb tonight?"
haha i jst had an image of my dad shootin off an ak w his cowboy boots on 
"i have a question! if ne1 knows how 2 draw roses, i need a drawing of a tattoo i want  i will pay ya!"
i loooove scratch n sniff!
*sigh* im goin to bed    early as shit for me too!
so this is what 8am looks like!!!
haha i got pulled over lastnight cuz of a tail light! and i apparently swerved a lil  lil biotch!
hahaha blue cheese <propmale>!
 sad   sad  i wanna go 2 ireland!!!!! damn maybe i can make it there b4 work!
*sigh* chillin and watchin tv           i need a day job  annoyed 
these new mini wheats rock!!!!
yaay for cig breaks! a hour and a half after getting here  smile 
work is boring atm :ö
*inhale deeply* ahhhhhh
"no man, maybe 3 friends, and a shitty ass job  ha im smart arnt i?"
it isnt fair! he gets 2 start out fresh  i have 2 pick up the tear covered peices       
"lifes a bitch, then you die  so fuck the world, and lets get high "
ugh im bored  sad  what to do before work @ 2?
is starting her daily exercise regiment!!!! by the summer her body will be bangin!!!!
note to self: get the love guru soundtrack  i looove the song they sing during the guitar scene
is gunna be in a baaaaad mood aaaaallllll week     sry if i snap ¡ neone 
ahh i give it 2 the gay one for cheerin me up  smile 
why is it that my phone stops doin shit after 5pm? are they workin on the network when people use it the most?
"\shimmy shimmy cocoa puff     \"" haha thats all i can remember of the song! i dont even know how or why im thinkin of it    mmmmm cocoa puffs  smile """
 sad  time needs to hurry up!
yaaaay im gettin out       10 mins early! wait i have nothin to do when i get home       grrrr
road block on dam neck  btwn corp  landing and harpers 
ha dont lie! yall know you like the beast in my picture  playful 
grrrrr i just spent almot 2 hours tryin to sleep! why cant i sleep!?!?  kiss ä
ugh i have to work a 10 hr shift on 5 hrs of sleep   yaaaaaay me!
<----feels sooooooo good! im 122lbs!!!!! i havent been that since       middle school?
<propfirst> sandler on conan tonight! sweet
noooooooooo my mom just left for the week! im here w my bro     ugh
im too sexy for my shirt  too sexy for my shirt  too sexy it huuurts!
omg! sum old guy saw me on my phone while havin a cig and asked if im sexting!!!!! rofl ima die!
four hours down! 6 to go     fuck!!!!
hey people! im bored! come up to the vb fazolis!
 sad  3 more hours! hurry the fuck up!!!!!
ha im off work bitches!
well im off work and nothing to do until i get tired  so im gunna have a glass or 2 of my disaronno
wow small world  people that i know dont know eachother have the same friends    ha cool
awww yaaay i just got to talk to my daddy on the phone!!!!  he wants me 2 ask out the guy i like!
haha im drunk! i havent been like this <propfemale> while  wow i can still type   not drunk enuf
      feelin niiiiice still perfer pot   but close enuff
ah im glad im off tomorrow! its been the loooooongest day in da world!
hmmmm feelin good and happy
wtf is with the tv and some channels being frozen  im tryin to watch tv here !!!
 sad  i miss my parents already  wish they took my brother  then i'd have the house 2 myself  playful 
goodnite bitches!
well im out biotches! txt me if ya want my # is on my profile!!!!
ugh! i need to eat      and a nap!
ahhhh time for a nap   and im remembering to turn my ringer off!!!! hahaha
alright people! whats good in the vb tonight? im lookin to party and have fun!!!!
ha im weak! i just saw an old camero beat the fuck outta a new mustang!!!!!! thats sick!
hmmmm
ugh! tuesday nights are soooooooo boring!
ugh y is it always ugly guys i see kissin!!!!?
yaaay for 96x live!!!
just chillin outside watchin the clouds roll by
rockin out to 96x    generally bored
"hmmmm im feelin \randy\"" baby  playful """
haha just had a staring contest with a squirrell! i lost  sad 
ugh i need a workout partner  this sux!!!
grrr if ur older than 65 u shouldnt drive!!!!!
ugh today is a shitty day  sad  and theres no1 to chill with b4 work : smile (
ugh what to do <propfemale> shitty day  annoyed 
ha i looove 96x live! atleast i can see the name of the artist and title of the song  they dont like to say who it is on the radio 
ima cry!!!! sick camero  sad  i want 1!!!!!!
how the fuck can u drive a nice ass challenger and b handicaped!? ha and i got the challenger and charger confused lastnight!!!
oh boy! off to work now 
hahahahahahhahahahahha
omg! this weekend is gunna be sooooo fun! cant wait!!! (sarcasm)
 surprise  i have had 2 meals today!
wtf is a honda ganley? in necase      its cute
hmmmm tonight seems to be another disaronno night  wink 
*sigh* this sux
     im soooooo bored
"happy st patricks day everyone! i have to work all day so i dont get to celebrate it \: smile ("
hmmm anyone wanna take my ten hour shift today? i'll buy u some alcohol   or pot   wutever ur preferrence  wink 
poor japan  sad  my heart goes out to everyone on that side of the world
*sigh* time for work
i looove st patties day! looove the <propfemale>! looove their men and their accent  wink 
hmmm 3 hrs down! 7 5 to go! then im off tomorrow!!
where the <propfemale> bars in vb at?!
"guess whos goin to mopar madness?!\ this bitch!!! hahahahahah"
"5 down! 5 5 to go!\yes im countin down    get ovr it!"
sweeeeet tomorrow is suppose to be in the 70s!
hmmm i could definately go for some <propfemale> in me tonight   wink 
tonight is the night that shows people how their social life is       mine sux!
*sigh* its one of my favorite holidays and im @ home      with no irishman 2 keep me company  : smile  smile (
*giggles* needs sum <propfemale> in her!
well good morning everyone! i hear today is suppose to be in the 70s!!!!!!! rock on!!!!!!
ahhh today is gunna be a good day )
ha i have go go shopping and get new cloths ! even the skinny jeans i got this xmas are too big now  annoyed 
its such a wonderful day!
oh shit! i found a dollar
well omw to pick up my mom from the airport  hope i dont get lost! haha
today is soooo beautiful out! i dont really wanna stay indoors
damn y is every1 in a bad mood today? its friday cheer up ppl!!!!
its soooo nice out! ima get in my car and jst drive around the city
omg! it took ¤50 to fill my tank
*sigh* theres good days  then theres the bad days 
omg! leave my ass alone! i fucking hate you!!!!!!!!!!!
life sucks monkey balls
"@least when i get transfered to greenbriar, i wont hav 2 deal with getting stuck on frontline by myself!"
every1 that reads this should look ¡ the <propfemale>! its the biggest its gunna b for another 200yrs 
shoulda been a 70s baby  i looooove the music and 70s nite on 92 9fm 
"to think and to be fully alive are the same  \\- <propfemale> arendt"
today is the last day the fazolis at lynnhaven will be open for buisness! yall might wanna make a visit today!!!!!!
i'm diggin all the new artists comin out the woodworks!!!
yaaay my mom picked me up some cds! now i can burn the songs i like  buying cds of artists is stupid  most people only like a few songs on em 
ugh i cant get eminem- like the way u lie outta my head!
"bad girl! talkin bout a bad, bad girl! hehe"
well    today was horrible and i know tomorrow isnt gunna be any better    
*sigh* im tired of puttin <propfemale> smile  every1 needs to stfu bout tellin me too  its fuckin annoying
hmmm lets see  i had a dream the man i liked asked me out; i wake up to the first thunderstorm of the season; aaaaands theres an old <propfirst> <propfemale> movie on fx!!!!
well off to my first day at the greenbriar location 
eh not bad wrkin here  lil different  nt sure if thats good or bad yet       6 more hrs
omg! this place sux! time 2 find a new job! cant wait till im off in 4hrs
sweet! another thunderstorm!
mmmm reheated fries before bed
ugh! hopefully this shit stops now 
well im off tomorrow     what trouble can i get into???
why is it so cold out  sad 
hmmmm im single and off today  what trouble could i possibly get into?  smile 
cant touch this! biotch!
"mmmm i want taco bell \*<propmale> moment*"
goin home to chill for a bit   smile 
mmmm kfc sounds good as hell!
ha ive been home for less than a hour and im already bored
ooooooo its raining!!!! theres nothin better than standing outside when its raining and lettin it hit my face 
hmmmm sum1 give me sumthin 2 do today before work!!!!
"ogm! y am i seeing cameros, firebirds, and trans ams alllll ovr the city!? they taunting me  sad "
rofl! sausage fest and only one is attractive!!! this stinks
damn cockblockers!!!!
omw home from work! 30min drive ahead of me
sticks and stones may break my bones  but whips and chains excite me!
*sigh* cant have everything you want in life       
its a boring ass friday! hopefully tonight will be much better 
omg! on food network channel 68 they makin penis cookies! and the old bitch said its a fun activity to do with the kids!
hmmmmm jst updating my cd collection    wink 
i need something to do!!!! my brother wont stop bothering me!!!!!!!!
"ok so im hella bored and getting irritated cuz of my brother    so ima be a loser and drive around the city, after i finish burning a few cds  txt or call me!!"
its friday! someone better have something fun to do tonight!!!
ha alright! leaving for my joyride!!
"temtation is good\only if your having fun"
"ha im weak ovr this song! \i love college\"" dnt remember the artist"""
"sexiness is in the eye of the beholder \and baby, from what im beholding, you are beyond sexy!"
"chill night        but, damn! do something!!!"
hmmm boring ass saturday morning
im getting really pissed off at my internet connection!!!!!
omg im effin bored!!!!!!! crappy saturday so far     
stop teasing! its not vry nice   sad 
"rofl \hows the smallies?\"" wants 2 watch the rocker now!!!!!!"""
awww   sad    y do i always catch man of the house in the middle?
im need a day job!    sad 
sweet! im done working! ima get outta these clothes and drive home 
i loooove music          screw tv and its bad influences  wink 
"today is cold, rainy, and depressing      sad "
ugh boring day      sad 
mmmmmm hot wings!!
 sad   its cold tonight
ugh u can be beyond confusing sometimes!!!!!
ugh! i am up waaaaaay too early!!!!! already wants a nap 
hmmm well im off
omg really?! u cant wait less than 1 year?
get outta here with that shit! your all talk      next taker please 
ugh  im pooped  shoulda took a nap earlier  too tired  dont wanna drive the 30mins 2 get home tonight 
*sigh* men need to be more open with their feelings towards someone they like 
hmmmmmm i have finally decided that i am ready to date     smile    come get me!   playful 
time to give <propfemale> a bath!!!!! this will be fun      and im gunna get soaked
huh only took 30mins to wash 2 doggies     
 surprise  i could have a singing career if i quit smokin ciggies       sad  do i have 2?
"in honor of ny yankees opening day thursday   put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a red sox fan  being a red sox fan is a real disorder and should be taken very seriously  there is still no known cure for sox fan and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of yankee fans will repost this, simply because we know how to copy and paste, as well as tie our shoes and win!"
i hate rainy days  they are soooooo depressing!!!
hmmmm what is there to do today before work at 5?
omg my old dog just scared the shit outta me! i couldnt tell if he was breathing  so i called him name and his tail started to wag        fucker almost gave me a heartattack 
needs a gps system :ö
omg my tooth is killing me  i need  to get health insurance soon 
yaaay work time
i want to do something reckless and dangerous 
well      fuck me running
people suck!
dont know wtf a tiburon is but its a nice car
omg the people from jersey shore need to fall into a hole and get buried 
hmmm another day off
is bout ready to work everyday of the week  days off suck and are lonley and boring 
yaaaay its the sun
happy april fools everyone! wish i could prank all of yall! but the few i can will work  <>;->>
scratch n sniff
car show at landstown commons! im going  who else is?
on my way to the car show! haha all my mom said was that there are cool cars and id like them  hmmm i trust her cuz she loves the firebird too!
ahhh off work  now time for the 30min drive back home 
why can't life be easier?
"when life gives you lemons, make a banana smoothie "
"haha early night tonight at work!!! i\ll be out @ 10 """
a lot of cycles out today  makes me jealous    sad 
hmm im off today! and its wonderful out!!!!! feels sooooo sorry for everyone not working outside
ugh theres this song i liked a while ago  its a chick and the video was shot in an ice house  the song was bout pleasuring herself    help me figure out the chicks name!!
hatchetman on a tow truck!! whoop whoop
omg i'm old! my knees pop and ache all the time!
having an exciting day today! hope it continues!
there is nothing to do in vb!!!
"\no man stands so tall as when he stoops to help a child \"" my favorite quote and bumper sticker so far in my life """
sooo tired  got woken up by the rain cuz i left my window cracked 
yoohoo sound delicious right now!
woot for old guys paying for my drink!!!!
sweet! <propmale> payne on ch  16 ¡ 8pm tonight!
 sad  misses driving manuals
how is it i have no bras that work well with low cut shirts!!!
hate neighboorhoods with skinny roads!! and huge trucks! ugh!
96x is always in sync with my mood
"first thing to do when getting rid of racisim, is to get rid of these stupid dating and match finding companies for specific races "
alright time to move all the citizens in japan off of the island!
ooooo cobra svt sounds sick
hahahahaha i get to leave from work early tonight!!
sweet off now! idk what to do with myself 
my dad has a really good idea!!!!! classical it is tonight!!!
i miss playing my violin  i think im gunna start up playing again  maybe even pay for private lessons 
omg my laptop sux!!!
what a depressing and miserable day  and its only 1:15
grrrr 2 fuckin burns on the same hand!
scratch n sniff!
"life is very lonely when you've been in a relationship for 8 yrs  and you're around the person everyday  then suddenly, your alone  everyday and all night "
life is too short and moves by too quickly to be wasting time on emotions 
mmmm  nissans sky turbo
"\do you take drugs danny?\""\",914cfd3f8f75b714060d128 laugh 77544ba,never seen caddyshack before  love it! im weak over dangerfields golf bag!
"you know what makes the night go by at work? having \tighten up\""  by the black keys stuck in your head """
"is slowly committing suicide    \one puff at a time   smile "
ahhhhh i need to get laid or somthing    this is outragous
"to: my sweet little pisces\                                            its on!!!!!"
ahhhh finished my book  time to sleep!!!
ugh! why couldnt i sleep later than 830?!
why is he doing this??? i dont want a birthday gift from you! i never even considered getting you one!!!!!
hmmmm work time!!!! <propfirst> <propmale> is doing a concert for the uso at chesepeake city park from 2 to 11  i wonder if we will get busy before hand 
ahh road rage at its best
ok it got real boring!!
what!!!? out early!     way early
american muscle beats import any and everyday bitches!
i wanna watch p c u  i love that movie!
i am sooooooo weak over due date 
"dad, your like a father to me \hahahahahahahaha"
grrrrr   sad 
wishes pain medication worked instantly   sad 
in other words       no attraction
\can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?\,914cfd3f8f75b714060d128 laugh 77544ba,i need a nap  sad 
*sigh* im gunna take a nap
such an awsome night  would loooove to go to the beach  but noone to go with  sad 
godsmack aznd disturbed in concert this may!!!
its gorgeous at the beach!
"well the day sucked, but the night was nice "
*giggles* i loooove bubble wrap!!
yaaay for good music stuck in my head!
noooo i wanna go to the beach again tonight! the t-storm better happen before 8 or after 11 tonight!
i wanna go to the beach again!!!!! it was soooo nice last night 
my dad can beat up you dad!
i cant wait till the summer!!!!
hmmmm what to do before work today?
"yaaaay for my big brothers!!!!! not my real one, ick "
omg people can be such assholes! i need a personal driver  my road rage is gettin violent 
im wearing shorts today!  surprise  mens shorts hahahahahahaha
exactly 2 weeks until my birthday!!! and im on vacation for the whole week! wish i had the $$ to go to n c    sad 
hahahahahahaha some old guy just lectured me on smoking cigs! and im working!
ugh im out early again!!!
ok im done with country and oldies    ima listen to 96x now
ahhhhhh theres a 7am???? have a meeting at work i hafta attend soon 
hahahahaha just saw a sheriff on work detail pokin roadkill with a stick!
hahaha im late as hell but i just did my taxes!!! now for other bills    grrr
ugh i cant wait until i can get the f out of this house!!!!!!!
damnit! its suppose to rain on my birthday!
is ready for a nap
i just realized that everything i am wearing is tied into eachother  right down to my laces matching the words on my shirt 
wish everyone would just leave me the hell alone today!!
i love the black keys!!!! they're awsome   smile 
sweet! the week of my birthday is suppose to be <propfemale> and high 70s! then my birthday is suppose to be in the 80s! tanning and beaches alllllllllll week! cant wait  smile 
<propfirst> springer is a show for the freaks in this country  but i'd be damned if it ain't a funny as hell!
why am i so thirsty today!?!?
ahhhhh people keep coming!!!
wow people! just wow!
oh what a night!  wink 
 smile  cant help but to sing to songs i like  get over it bitches!!!!
"kids with special needs aren't weird or odd  they only want what everyone wants    to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it is special education week & autism awareness month, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you are faced with it "
 sad  the bracelet i want costs $3500! wtf e playful ensive ass shit!
ahhh i like gem shows  all i need now is a man to buy me the jewlery i liked    ;-p
yummmm thai food!!!
hopes the storm gets bad  smile 
nooooooo! come back storm! come back!   sad 
finally! friends i can chill with after work that dont have a 11pm bedtime 
"im tellin ya, the vb cops are gettin hotter!"
being single sucks when you barely have a social life  sad 
<propmale> carrey is my dude!
mmmmm whopper jr and the fries are addicting!!!
hehe detour to follow camero rs   smile 
\life's a bitch, then you die \914cfd3f8f75b714060d128 laugh 77544ba,hmmmmm im in love      with music!   smile 
is in the prime of her life!!!!
hmmm im listening to duffy - mercy on 96x  i like it!!! oh well time for work! yall r welcome to txt me  its gunna be boring today 
my mama didnt raise no fool!
"so daddy and i are allergic to wasps and bees   when i came downstairs daddy was tryin to kill a wasp that was invincible  he ended up catching the lil fucker  and instead of letting it go outside, he put it in the garbage disposal!! i love my daddy! he is too funny sometimes    smile "
i wanna go to ashville! i miss the mountains and the waterfalls and hiking for <propmale> in the <propmale>!
tell me why i smell a ciggy and my stomach growls! haha couldnt have anything to do with me not eating today could it?
im sooooo tired! i think ima take a nap after work before chillin with people 
"i need a man that makes me laugh  one thats atleast as smart as me, and as sarcastic  one thats not afraid to tell me what hes feeling or whats on his mind  one that has the same tastes in music and tv movies  thats what im lookin for    smile "
"hmmmm i think everyone should \pay it forward\"""""
i wanna go to the beach!!! who wants to go with me!??!
"so      bout to head to the beach with <propfemale> clemons, <propfemale> <propmale>, and <propmale> <propmale>  hit me up, if you wanna meet up!"
is starving!
mmmmm im finally eating   smile 
dont any of you dare call me before 10am! im sleepin in!
happy 4-20 everyone!!!!!
hmmmm cake is my favorite band of all time!
poor texas! all those wildfires  worst ever! my heart goes out to everything living thats dying    sad 
shit! my tire poped and i dont have the $$ to get a new one  too many bills this check! grrrr driving around with a effin spare!!
ugh! im in such a effin mood now! was feeling awsome   annoyed \
ugh!  sad 
"ugh! im still so pissed! good news is im goin 2 chinese with my parents! and, despite my protests my parents are frontin me the ¤¤ to get my car into the shop "
ahhh i looooove crab legs! the ones at red city were soooo sweet tasting today   smile 
96x is always in sync with my moods!
a 15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son; people call her a slut  but no one knows she was raped at 13  people call a girl fat; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight  people call an old man ugly; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in vietnam  re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping!!!!
hmmmm im stuck at home with no car right now  and something is pinched in my back and it huuuuuurts    sad 
ugh i gotta get out of this lazy mood
yaaaay i got my car back!!!! and its running awsome!!!!!
nap time   smile  will be lookin to chill after!!! fore warning to all
ahhh i really need my back poped!
mmmm good food!! my friend can seriously cook!
is soooo happy! car sounds and feels healthy again! the mechanic said that its a well taken care of car and that its gunna last a while! so long bad car juju!
omg! fishing shows are booooooring!
i hate my laptop! i hate my laptop! i hate my laptop!
im tired of hearing and seeing people complain about whatever president we have  yall voted for them! dont like your choices? run for yourself! nothin is gunna change if you people just bitch the entire time!
the man i am attracted to is too insecure to do shit  so im lookin for a new guy to distract me  smile 
"two hours down, 7 5 to go   sad   it needs to get busy so time passes quicker "
ahhh time is takin too long!!!
alright! whos thinkin bout me? my ear is itchin more than a heroin addict goin through withdrawls
either rain or dont! this 5 minutes btwn drops is annoying!
yaaay 1 hour left! hmmmm anyone wanna chill after i get off? hit me up!
i need to eat before bed     oatmeal!!!!!
effing computer! i will have my revenge!!
      eff you!!!!
yaaay! two more nights of work then im off for seven days     smile 
coyote ugly is my shit! sing on hunny!
sooooo slooooooow at work    :-{
"stupid questions asked at fazolis: \1: what is the difference between the single slice and double slice of pizza?\2: do you have <propmale>  and cheese?\3: wheres you tacos on the menu? ( my favorite) \4: do you have anything without black pepper?"
o  m  g  i effin hate people! yall can go eff yourselves!!! im done
have work tonight then im off for a week!! and my birthday is this wednsday! yaaaay
mmmmm my moms cookin lamb for easter lunch!!!! hurry up im huuuuunnnnnngry!
omg!!! i was just in lamb heaven!!!!!!
omg! someone with va plates has a bumper sticker that says northeners do it best! i yelled at him to go back to the north then 
"work is slow today    sad    im gettin massively bored! \oooo big, descriptive word!  surprise  thats two!! im on a roll!"
tonight would be perfect to go to the beach! too bad i wont get home till 11  and that i dont have anyone to go with!   sad 
"im free!!!!!!!  but the men hafta pay!\hahahahaha"
sweet! im off all this week! half of you bitches are gunna be chillin with me!!!
"96x likes to play tighten up by the black keys \hey! i never said that wasnt totally awsome!!!!!!"
today starts the first day of my vacation  im so excited! what trouble can i get into this week? anyone have suggestions?
 surprise  could it be? im wearin shorts again! too bad they are mens shorts  my legs are lookin good! and they gettin <propmale> 
got some pretty new shorts thx to <propfemale>! we goin to the beach now!
at the beach! and lovin it!
ahhhh nap time!!! then out for a drink with my dad! then maybe scoop up some friends and go to the beach again!!!!
july 28th sublime and 311 @ vb ampitheatre!!!!! im gettin me tickets as soon as they on sale!!!!!!
leaving to go have a drink with my dad       its early    
at awful arthurs! eating some crab legs!
"my top profile viewers: \ <propfirst> smith - 1136 views \ <propfirst> <propfirst> schley - 983 views \ <propfemale> boch - 542 views \ krazie cee - 300 views \ see who views your profile @ http annoyed  www facebook com pages see-who-viewed-your-profile 162571653801912?sk=app_190322544333196&4360"
ahhh to the beach again!!! meet me there!!!
at the beach with 2 couples    sad 
grrrr why does my laptop have to cause me problems!
feels like crap today
ahhhhh i hate other drivers!!!
still feel like crap  nap time i think 
yaaay just heard thunder!
omg im starving! hurry up roast beef!!
i better not be getting sick!
"just because there is a cop next to you doesnt mean you have to go slower than them! exspecialy when they, themselves, are going slower than the speed limit!!!!"
bitch is literally wearing my hat!!!!!!
commercials are getting outragous!
going out to breakfast with my parents and my dads team  they are leaving today i   sad 
havin a good time with my parents and my dads team! im gunna cry when they leave today  sad 
 sad  taking my dad to the airport in a few  im sooo sad   kiss -(
omg they delayed the flight because of rain! its <propfemale>! and theres maybe a small band or rain in the flight path! pussies! like they cant fly in it!
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!
my new weapons will be: rossi trail judge and the rhino 20ds revolver  they're sick!
"dear non-pet owners\who visit our homes and complain\about our pets  1  they live here, you\don't  2  if you don't want their hair\on your clothes, stay off the\furniture  this is why it's called \fur\""-\",914cfd3f8f75b714060d128 laugh 77544ba,so i had an 8yr old girl push a 3yr old boy off my lap cuz she didnt want to share it! why do kids love me so?
"thank you to everyone who sent me birthday wishes!\unfortunately, my birthday sucked monkey balls    sad "
ahhhh i need a new wardrob!
tornado watch for the seven cities until 3pm! be safe everyone! remember what they teach us in school 
"blowing bubbles with kittens inside!\i love dairy <propfemale>'s commercials!!!"
boring day    sad 
ugh! fuckin a! i cant even take a fuckin nap! i have 2 take my fuckin brother to an appointment  that hes late for!
tornado watch extended to 9pm for the seven cities  nice lil band of storms coming our way i think 
looooves thunderstorms!
what with txt messages and my fuckin brother not leavin my dog downstairs i couldnt fuckin take a nap  thx assholes 
im goin for a drive  everyone wants to piss me off this week 
"at a freinds house, calming my nerves and cheering up  luv ya guys!"
sooooo wanna see fast five
hmmmm reading a psychology book i still have from college  never stop learning  wink 
i might as well lay in my bed until i fall asleep 
well today is goin to be fun! blech
i want my laptop back!!!!!!
bored out my mind! i shouldn't have taken my vacation 
"apparently its too much to ask for one day without stress or general annoyances  whether its finances, the car, or other people  i cant seem to get away "
"locked in my room with music blaring, readin my psychology book again  just avoiding people"
awww i like see no evil! its on syfy right now! but im bout to take a nap 
"my brother is such an asshole  my mom orders 1 large pizza  half was for him half was for us  he takes the biggest slice of our side, not his  then takes like half the cheese sticks! and complety ignores his wings! ugh ungrateful, selfish, lil peice of fish turd "
ahhh wheres the pause button!
going for a drive again  cant stand being in once place and bored
"rofl and i quote \i dont wanna wear granny panties \"""""
"ocean lakes alumni\i just realized where coach <propmale> got his \i am somebody\"" speech! from the movie booty call with <propfirst> foxx and vivica foxx  hahahahahaha"""
"scratch n sniff is on the ball tonight! \cage the elephant remix  then sublime remix  now the black keys remix  \sweet!"
seriously geekin over the music right now! wish i heard scratch n sniff from the beginning
ugh! y do i get cramps in the morning while im sleepin?! its annoying waking up to pain    annoyed 
well the pain is finally gone  time the mow the lawn and to figure out how 2 work a weedwacker!
eww i need a shower now
this whole week pretty much sucked! worst vacation ever    kiss (
really wants a personal driver! (cant spell the title so    ) my road rage is horrific! not to mention the stupid ass people the dmv deem worthy of a license 
"ok that makes 4 times i have seen the same <propfemale>, metallic blue trans am! not to mention the other 6 or 7 ive seen around the city today! where my firebirds!?"
yaaay i got my laptop back!!!!
apple juice is addicting
omg dreams suck!!!!!  sad  wishful thinking and all that
"do i wanna go to the beach today?\do i wanna dress sexy? \who am i chillin with today?\hmmmm so many questions for the day "
"oh how bored i am!!!!! tryin 2 find something to do; people to chill with; animals to slaughter    you know, the usual  playful "
miss driving stick soooo much im gunna drive daddys f-150 today!!!
"learning <propmale> is just like learning how to ride a bike  its annoying at first, then awsome once you get it down  you never forget how <propfemale> drive! love <propmale>s!"
just wanna drive the truck allll day long! but i dont have the cash to fill that behemouth of a tank 
im gettin hungry! and im ready for a nap    sad 
im effin starving! hurry up!
mmmmm meatball sub
hahahahaha  *growl*
now i want some grapes  :-ö
boring night!!!!!!
"whoop whopp osama is finally dead!!!! took them what 9, 10 years?"
eh speech over  back to music
what a great way to wake up and start the day!!!!!!! thanks guys   annoyed 
hmm drive the truck to work today? i think so!!!! yaaay manuals!!!!
damn vacations over      back to work  sad 
"hear the ppl that capped bin laden were from oceana! way <propfemale> go guy! thats how vb does it!  playful \anywayz s<propfemale>yin at wrok for a few extra hours than scheduled  fun!"
bored at work now!!
hurry up time! work is slow and i wanna leave!
yaay free!
bout to take daddys truck all week! ugh i missed drivin stick!
"go yankees! i hate 2 say it cuz i love the animal but, beat the crap outta the tigers!"
has soooo much fun drivin the truck  might say eff the baseball game and go for a ride!
ok im going for a ride just wanna say       go yankees
awwwwww   sad  <propfirst> heard me pull up in the truck and thought it was daddy  then he whinned for 5 minutes until i gave him a treat  he already misses you daddy!!!!
ahhh bordom!!!!
im sooooo bored right now  annoyed 
"i opened a pack of cigarretts last night and im down to 2  if you think about it, its like im smoking 1 a hour  but i was sleeping for half!!!! i need to cut back drastically  which reminds me, i need cigarretts and gas; and while im out i should get a cup of coffee  looooove wawa coffee! eff starbucks and their e playful ensive asses!"
goin to the beach soon! and <propfemale> gave me a bikini that dont fit her! hahahaha i finally realized how hott im lookin now!
at the beach! lil chilly but im still gunna lay out  maybe even jump in the water   > smile 
damn jets are ruining my beach e playful erience   annoyed 
thats gay! the dq at the beach only serves vanilla ice cream
ahhhh home       nap??? too late in the day i think       sad 
no one to chill with tonight       ima take a nap then read somemore     
ugh
too bored at home  goin for a joy ride!!!!
rockin my high school look! <propfirst> shorts under plaid pj pants!
"as a good friend of mine says     \yeah <propmale>!"
hmmmm morning!
booooooorrrrrrrring
ugh!!!!! anger!!!
ugh im soooo effin pissed now!!!!! im leaving the house for a while
nap time!!!!! hmmmm gunna turn the radio on       96x rocks!!
"i ask that all legal gun owners put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment, and you are not afraid to show it, repost this!!!     i hope to see this re-posted by a lot of my friends  remember, if we outlaw guns, then only outlaws will have guns**"
well i tried
im starving!
how can he be doin better than me     ?
"     if you have nothing nice to say, dont comment"
           sigh
yeah           life
just gunna lay in bed until i fall asleep
"for the first time since i was in school, i fell asleep befor 1130pm and woke up at 730 am "
