9c06fa873a018cb5994b8a550e832692
got a new car! infinity g35
"back in oregon,  i just can't seem to get away!"
going going back to back to cali cali
in the vally tonight
i have no plans yet  what am i doing tonight!?!
"i think i have decided to at least write at least one comment a day on facebook now  i know, i know <propfirst> actually replying to ppl  we will see how long this last "
going to bed  another long day tomorrow starting between 2 smile 0 and 3 am depend how much i hit snooze 
"happy easter everyone! thank you for all the birthday wishes, much appreciated "
i'm still full from easter
booooored
                  really bored
"\what's a brownie? is it brown?\"" <propfirst> farfan  what kid doesn't know what a brownie is?"""
i'm back in the valley
"ok back home now, the valley was fun, body hurts, stupid basketball, over rated  (maybe cause i lost 4 games ) happy 50th dad  back in paradise x 10  goodnight"
oh see u soon work!
bad day
wants to be anywhere but here!
"wow i'm really going to misss paradise  it was something special, and now moving on, just not soon enough "
"man, i can't sleep! i don't if its the heat those danm red bulls or what i just know i gotta get up in the morning and it ain't gonna be fun "
ok i can make it only half the day to go
"done with a long week of work, now getting ready for reserves weekend"
what the hell! i have a spider bite eating away at my leg!
"so yeah definitley some positive things about having a bed to yourself, but yeah some pluses sharing one too"
"had a good day of packing, got a lot of stuff done  now i'm down to the miscellaneous, and the big stuff, so much fun "
looonnng day!
"man i'm watching pros vs  joes, what is wrong with <propfirst> vick  horrible!!!"
"men of honor, great freakin movie!"
"i think i'm going to get back in shape, well i'm in shape, i mean sexy shape  lift is the easy part, but i hate running, so i need to find a huge motivation "
my last day  bitter sweet
man!!! it is so hot in here
"it seems lately  nothing can just be simple  i really need one of those easy buttons from office <propmale>, or is it stapples?"
man i need to go to san <propmale> tomorrow and no one to go with  if any wants to head down with me let me know 
back in washington for two weeks
"just got back from the gym, and i am pooped"
i survived another day of oc  forhead just stop burning
feelin good 2 out of three beer pong off to the next location
"i can't sleep! i power point classes for 7hrs, worked out in my room for about 2 hour then went to the gym for 4 hours  i should be dead but i can't sleep!"
so who got a perfect on his gun quals today? i did!!!
"if we work for a living, why do we kill ourselves working?"
"watching weeds, starting to settle in"
"district 9 sucked, hopeefully zombie land comes through"
"law abiding citizen is next  i've seen it already, but danm good movie"
"changed my mind, i'm going with surrogates"
men who stare at goats
"i watched deep ocean, i liked that one a lot  nothing super exciting, just really cool creatues that u wouldn't even think to exist "
i had a good labor day  bbq with family and watched some movies  and in honor of labor day i will be at work at 5 in the morning!
i think everyone watched the game except me
"moulin rouge tonight  one of my favorites  for the smart ass comments to come, kiss my      well u know "
"long day at work, but finally home!"
last day of work this week
look what i find when i get home
i'm watching the original batman:the movie  this movie is halarious 
has anyone seen rampage? what a f up movie
"i have no idea, where this energy is coming from  i havn't had sleep for like a week now  oh i feel it now that i'm sitting for a second "
all i got to say is today is going to be an awesome work out  u disrespectful sob!!!
i'm good now! just takes a lil of kickin your own ass to avoid kickin others
"now its time to watch a good movie and head to bed, fun day tomorrow"
go beavs!
"being <propfirst> malkovich: really good, but really weird movie and it kinda starts slow"
i love the smell of rain
at work 2 hours early
"its finaly over, i'm so tired"
holy crap! game over  special teams is killing it
i need to get some normal sleep  this restless nights thing is starting to kick my butt
sitting at work in a blackout
looks like the beavs are going to pull a win thhis week
good job beavs!
"i'm so damn bored, i need to start finding people to <propfemale> out with"
interesting day
"i don't know what's going on this month, but <propfemale> is kick my ass  and i don't even think i did anything"
"so i got some bad news  my cornea was cut earlier this week, and there were some complications with the injury  there is a posibility i may lose my left eye  i'm going through a crazy med schedual and doing all i can to fight it  so if you pray, chant, or whatever you do, keep me in your thoughts  i'll keep u posted"
double over time beavs
good fight beavs
so i have question  if someone takes u off their frinds list and then they add u back on don't u have to approve them first?
ok ppl this is where i need your help i have to stay awake to keep taking these meds every 30 mins  so text me call me messege me just keep me awake
"i appreciate the calls and text last night, made it a lot easier for me!"
"eye is improving, can see see a lil out of it  don't think i'm going to lose the eye now, but i didn't hear it from the doc yet "
"eye update: can pretty much see out of my eye  i can't keep it open to long still  outer bacteria is almost gone  cut on my eye is shunk  inner bacteria still breaking down  now i'm wait for someone to die, to get a cornea replacement, says the docter  it will be like seven pounds"
i just saw the <propfemale> frog  what a load of crap  horrible messege in movie 
just checked-in at united states via all friends
my sleep schedule is all messed up i went to sleep at 10 and now i'm wide awake 
"eye is doing well  doc says it is healing way faster than e playful ected! i should be back at work next week finally  only bad thing is it really hard use it, reading or anything where i focus in my eye it gets spazed out and waters up  hell its doing it now  other wise good though!"
i'm so tired of being blind already! i'm soooo bored  i need something to do
making some corn bread
"umm, yeah i don't know what to say about that game"
"danm, i woke up way to early and now i can't go back to sleep"
bessine
"i love red vines, the most simple, amazing, addictive <propfemale> in the world  mmmm red vines"
"ok im starting to get bored now, only four more hours to go"
go beavers!!! let's be the ones who kill the ducks season
good job beavs first points
"come on beavers, don't let the game slip away"
send me an messege in my inbox with a number and i'll annonymously give you my honest opinion of you on my post
"23: first thing your car awesome! i think you are a cool guy, some times drive me crazy with your procrastinating  most definitely a good guy though  stop letting those girls get to you "
come on ppl i want more <propfirst>
"24: well i don't know you that well i have probly seen you less than a hand full of time  you seem cool to me  i didn't like your hair before though  i like the new cut, well i guess its not that new now"
"86 annoyed ets see, well that put out the obvious, gorgeous, i think its in the gens  besides that i don't know you to well, i will say you seem to always be there for your family, so much respect for that "
"08: when i added u, u seem familiar but i couldn't quite remember u from hs  i'm glad i did add you though  every time i read something from u it is always seems so up beat and positive  that's probly my favorite thing about  since i have such a long list smile "
send me a number in my inbox and i'll update my status with my opinion of you 
"8: i sent u a number to help me remember you, but your didn't help so       i got nothing        pretty!  smile "
"12: strong woman then and strong woman now, its to bad we havn't kept in touch, i see u have gone through some hard times this past year from what it seems, but it looks like it made u stronger instead of breaking you down  crazy what u saw in me in hs, cause i saw it so different "
off to another fun night of work!
"man, i am hating work so much tonight, more than usual  f***ing miserable  4 hrs and i'm done "
"having a beer for today  here is to the begining of the end, bottoms up!"
shut up <propfirst>
"why did my dominos wing, come with chipotle napkins?"
time for some cod
"\haney baked\"" ham for christmas!!! best ham ever!"""
"i think i should have took a shower after i worked out, not before  oh well, quick shower then off to work "
"great day with an awesome ending, what else could you ask for?"
<propfemale> christmas!!!
this is a boring day off
home from work!
playing dragon age
con for single: no one to take care of you if sick  sad 
"ok i can handle this  soup x2, then drugs, pass out and be at work at 4 in the morning  i got this! i think"
"going to watch \shutter island\"" hopefully drugs don't knock me out be for its over """
i don't think i made it 20mins into the movie
"i made it through work, now its time to go back to bed"
shutter island round 2 no drugs this time
"okay, i'm awake after a much needed recovery nap"
i'm hungry
"i feel bad for the seahawks  they are trying, just completly out matched"
"i'm going for the jets today, tough game but that's my pick"
"man the jets d is doing their part, now the offense needs to step up"
wow did you see that catch!
well i called it jets win
4am time to punch into work!
great thing about going to work early is getting out early! done for the day!
"good late workout! now time for a shower and bed, then do it again tomorrow"
"i played soccer for the first time today, and man do i feel it "
home at last
can't make food while i'm passing out
"too danm tired to cook, <propfirst> it is! oh and spartacus for a bed time story "
"i want to say something clever with a double meaning that get my point across, but is very discreet  i got nothing though "
"thank god i made it through week, it was a rough one!"
oddly as crazy as yesterday was i thought it was great day! great day!!! 2011 is on a good start
i feel like crap and my voice is gone! hmm maybe it wasn't a good idea to drink out of cup everyone else was drinking out of  lesson learned  makes me feel like i should get tested for something
3 days off and all i have 9 seasons of scrubs       awesome!!!
i'm starting to get bored!
so proud of myself i just took my car door apart and fixed and actually put it back together  yyyyay me!
