3273fabcd4fde9e1c64db840b2c258cf
at home with <propfirst>!!!!
watching kids is sooooo boring
i can't wait for my party!!!!!!!
i got 11 more days!!!!! till i turn 16!!!!!
today's gonna be so awesome cause i get to start making my dress for the party!!!!!!  laugh 
"into a place, where thoughts can bloom  into a room where it's nine in the afternoon  and we know that it could be  and we know that it should be  and you know that you feel it too  'cause it's nine in the afternoon  your eyes are the size of the <propfemale>  you could 'cause you can so you do  we're feeling so good, just the way that we do when it's nine in the afternoon     "
"love sucks  i had a guy but we're not together anymore  i understand why, and i'm not angry at him  it's just that now i'm back to my problem  i just want to feel loved, that there is someone out there who thinks i'm special  i know it sounds lame and totally dumb, but it's what i want  is it really too much to ask to be loved?"
"omg i had the best party ever!!!! i loved my dress, my mask, and aaaaallll my friends!!!! it was amazing!!!!! and i just might have a boyfriend!!!!!"
"oh my goodness!!!! i love my boyfriend!!! he's so nice, and wonderful, and thoughtful!!! and when i'm sad, he always cheers me right up!!!! i haven't felt this happy in soooo long!!!!!"
"i is bored!!! i'm with <propfirst> and <propfemale> and we want to do something, but we don't know what      and i really miss <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!! i hate being booooorrrrrreeeeeeddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i'm bored again, only now i don't have any friends to distract me!!!!!! and i still miss <propfirst>     "
"i'm sad  i love being in the music man, but i can't wait until it's over  i miss <propfirst> so much, and i don't want to talk to him at rehearsal because i don't want to distract him and make him mad at me      i want to see him so much  i miss him like crazy!!!!!!!"
"tonight's show was amazing!!!! everyone did a wonderful job  and i got to kiss <propfirst> in the parking lot, so i'm reeeaaallllyyy happy!!!! good night everyone  see ya tomorrow"
"i will always miss him  i love you <propfirst>, and i always will  no matter what, you will have the key, and you will always be my <propfemale> bun  i hope nothing changes between you and i  i want summer to come as fast as possible  i meant my promise, and it's still there  no matter what, it's still there       "
"wow, it's been a long week! but now i'm a certified lifeguard!!!!! but i have several things on my mind, i just hope this wonderly fantabulous week will help me figure things out  see ya tomorrow at school!!!!"
woo hoo!!! staying the night with <propfirst>! and tomorrow we are having friends over for some games       
"i might have to wait, i'll never give up  i guess it's half timing, and the other half's luck  wherever you are, whenever it's right  you'll come out of nowhere and into my life      i know someday that it'll all turn out  you'll make me work, so we can work to work it out  and i promise you, kid, that i give so much more than i get  i just haven't met you yet!!!"
"yea! i finally have a job! i mean' it's only babysitting, but it's still a job!!!! woo whoo!!!!!!"
yea! party at <propfirst>'s after working today! this is a good saturday!!!!  laugh 
"grrrrrrrrrrrrnessss!!!!!!! i don't get this! there is no way they are right! it's impossible! and yet i'm still very confused about it, annoyed that they won't drop it, and very sad for some reason         i need help  sad "
"gah! this is soooo stupid! why the f am i crying so much?! what is wrong with me? and please, no one ask why i'm crying cause all i'm gonna say is that i don't f-ing know"
"i win!!!!! i know how i can be right, instead of my friends *cough*stevie*cough* i like <propfirst>!!!! there, i said it, so i'm right! i win!!!!!! yea, i admit it, i like <propfirst> and i miss him alot!!!"
i'm really happy that i got to see <propfirst> today! it made my day sooooo much better!!!!! who knows what will happen tomorrow        
"omg <propfirst> gave me something special today, and i got to see him at lunch and 6th hour, and     and         lots of cool stuff! i can't wait for monday so i can see him again!"
i is uber bored and want someone to talk to!!!!!! i feel lonely         
*sigh* i forget how much i love the movie igor      it's such a cute movie  laugh 
"wooooo whoooo!!!!! i just got home from texas and so far, i'm having the most amazing day ever!!!!!  laugh "
"this time baby, i'll be bulletproof!!!!!"
"i am freak show, ringleader of circus gothica  i encourage you to show your true colors, and by colors i mean black  show the world that your attitude is darker than or eyeliner and your passion runs deeper than your thick blood  prepare to be horrified, scarred, and nightmared for years to come!!!!"
yay!!!!! i'm finally gonna get my hair cut!!!!! who wants to see what it looks like when i get it cut?! lolz
"yay, as much as i love <propfemale>'s mom, i don't like it  all she cut was my bangs and that looks like they were cut straight then at the last inch cut diagonal  so i'm gonna have her layer my hair and have my dad fix my bangs"
this sucks   i'm sad    
i like it at the foot of my bed  lolz
you know what's fun? dressing up dolls on the computer  it's a great way to kill time  i know some great websites if anyone wants to know : )
"oh, somewhere deep inside of these bones an emptiness began to grow  there's something out there, far from my home; a longing that i've never known "
i love sharoan and sakura!!!!  laugh 
yay! tomorrow i'm gonna spend all day with <propfirst> (meeting his family) and i get to see the <propmale> potter movie! this is gonna be an awesome weekend!!!!  laugh 
"so i didn't die meeting his family or going to church with <propfirst>  i actually enjoyed it  and i realized that i spent 12 hours with him on saturday, which apparently was our 5 month anniv  so, that's awesome!"
"i feel like such a dork  i went into hot topic today and i squealed \omg thats so cool! i want it!\"" at every  <propfirst> skelington item and a dress with skulls    i think i'm officially obsessed    """
"i really don't like my parents  they so freaking stupid, and i can't take them anymore  anyone willing to either kidnap me or hide me in their house if i run away? and please, no closets  i'm not that small    "
"je déteste <propfemale> vie  mes parents me rendent dingue, <propfemale> sœur ne partira pas, et je n'ai pas d'amis  personne ne parle ja<propfemale>is de moi  je n'aime pas se plaindre parce que certaines personnes sont pire que moi  mais je déteste toujours <propfemale> vie  je déteste tellement la vie, je voudrais     je ne sais pas ce que je souhaite  je déteste cette vie     "
"hola!!!!! me llamo <propfemale>, y me encanta mi novio mucho!!!!!  \translation\""- you've been fb hacked <propfemale>!! love you wink """
"when you see my face, i hope it gives you hell!!!"
don't be such a kumquat!!!!lolz
"give me envy, give me malice, give me attention  give me envy, give me malice, baby give me a break  when i shotgun, you say wedding  shotgun! wedding! shotgun! wedding!"
"not liking life  no one talks to me, the one who does is gone for a few days  no one makes plans with me, i'm not included in anything  if i'm such an amazing friend, then why does no one ever think of me? i feel so invisible, kinda  i'm there, but no one sees me  everyone is so tight with others that i'm officially squeezed out  it's whatever, i don't need anyone anyway "
"i just found out from celebrity oops that on the set of twilight, <propfirst> pattinson tried to lift up <propfemale> <propmale> and pulled his hamstring  he then had to have his butt massaged so they could continue filming  that totally just made my day! like if you agree : )"
i love music! it's so much fun to jam to!!!!!
"i'm probably gonna burn for this, ain't no lesson to learn from this, there's nothing i'm gonna earn, but it sure is fun : )"
"i would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right  just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same! : )"
"best birthday ever! thanks to all the people who made it so amazing, there's no way it could have been better! i love all you guys so much! the icing on top of the cake? i got my prom dress in today!  laugh "
<propfemale> grape
