dfbb32b848cfc073ae75d5ce67027e1a
????????????????
is very upset she has to wait 2 weeks for the season finale of true blood    
is preparing for her interview with the atlantic acting school tomorrow   wish me luck!
got accepted into the atlantic acting school!  joyful  so excited!
loves her new blackberry storm2!!!
is going wake boarding today!  joyful b
prays she'll dream tonight and every night thereafter until the world doesn't fade when she opens her eyes   
"so, tell me when you hear my heart stop "
moving to l a  gets more temping everyday      
the only business that works well with family members is the mafia    and that's because people's lives are at stake    unfortunately    my dad builds trains   and only my sanity is at stake   and he's doing a wonderful job of driving me up a wall ~ ~
mmmm   something about a full <propfemale> that just makes me feel alive 
yea   i'm never having kids    
nothing like losing an unopened christmas gift the day after christmas    
"i hate you milley cirus and your song \party in the usa\"" ever since we landed at lax at 2pm local time that song has been running through my head  please make it stoooop!"""
cuz i'm leavin on a let plane don't know when ill be bacl again  finally boarding the plane to australia!
i haven't even gotten off the ground yet and i'm already slipping into the aussir
i haven't even gotten off the ground yet and in already slipping into the aussie accent  there's no way i'm not coming back with a permanent accent  i'm in heaven right now 
g'day mates! officially reporting live from down unda!
fascinating    i just spent 5 hours in a snowboard shop and left with everything but the snowboard   so close!
yaaaaay!! just ordered my snow board!!!!
2010 is looking pretty awesome! got my snowboard and i just signed up for an 8 week martial arts class! so excited!!
off to go snowboarding!!! time to break in the new board  joyful 
can someone please e playful lain to me how i only fell like   5 times in 3 hours   and when i go to take a lesson i fell more than i did when i was alone?! i guess that's just something only i could pull off     anyway i love snowboarding!! weeee!!
"is now officially a white belt in karate   snowboarding after work,  can't wait!"
aww why did the weekend have to end    
life lesson #1     never ever never under any circumstances work for your parent!!! only horrible things can happen    
avatar    you have blown my mind and changed my life forever    how can i ever repay you     
<propfirst> white     i want to be the mother of your children     48 4? dude you are the definition of an olympian    
xma baby!!!
made the xma team!!! bwuahahahahahhahaha!!!!!
off to my first xma practice  joyful b
i  love  xma
passed my rank test tonight!! yay for no longer being a white belt! can't wait for graduation on saturday and my first xma performance!  joyful b
happy st  packtrick's day!!!!!!  joyful 
nothing like being <propfemale> on st  <propfirst>'s day!!  joyful 
"got my yellow belt, my master's club gi, and had one kickass xma performance    best    saturday     ever!!!!!"
??????????????w???b
?????????????????????????????
????????????????????????
"run for an hour up and down hills? not a single ache, cramp, pain  nada     play the piano for 2 hours? i feel like a cripple    ???????"
score!! got my <propmale> up back!  > laugh 
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness, they are not looking for a cure only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour  please support the special education week march 22nd to the 26th  "
???????
thank you everyone for all the lovely birthday wishes!!!  joyful 
"someone seriously needs to e playful lain to me why it's \ok\"" for girls to wear dresses or skirts that barely pass mid-thigh length for easter but when i try to wear capris that pass my knee everyone throws a fit telling me it's inappropriate    """
?????????????????
way to be a buzz kill dad     right on cue
oh i wish i were on yonder hill   tiz there i'd sit and cry my fill  and every tear would turn a mill 
yay for xma!!!
????????xma??????????????????
this work day needs to end so i can go play at karate   
my puppy is having an operation tomorrow ; ;  praying all goes well   
my poor puppy  sad  turns out it was 18 kidney stones and she's still having issues that keep us up all night    
woot! playing chicken with the gas tank is always exciting  playful 
enjoy some posted videos   cuz that's what i do when i'm bored  playful 
ooooh devils     they really are in hell right now    
finally got my mom to watch avatar with me    surprise surprise    she loved it    
?????????????????
the bad news? i once again stayed up till midnight playing the piano     the good news is that my music lullabied my mom to sleep which she hasn't gotten in days lol    playful 
?????????
who says it doesn't pay to be a hawt gamer chick? just got a free strat guide for talking halo with the guys at gamestop  playful 
they say bad things happen for a reason    not buying it right now   go-go-gadget insta-heal!
got a nice bottle of holy water from church today  let's see if it'll help my leg get better by next week 
????
i am sitting next to the funniest russian woman in the dr's office  she's making my day 
one bar and one <propfemale> to go     so close i can taste it
so psyched for tournament tomorrow > laugh   bring it!!
off to tournament!!! so excited  joyful 
1st place in all 3 events! so excited  joyful 
happy mother's day!! off to church then dinner with my mom and grandma  joyful 
my dad is hopping on a plane to wales in 2 hours    god keep him safe   no ash clouds plz!
bored   out of my mind    can this work day please end?
music is the gateway to a world where anything you can imagine is possible   lucky for me i have a good imagination  playful 
it's official    i'm going to end up like the phantom of the opera    all alone with my piano and my music to keep me company   and knowing me i'll probably have the mask and the cape too   
practicing my kickboxing combo on the office copier    why you ask? because it relieves the stress of being trapped behind a desk for 8 hours    plus it fixed the paper jam   playful 
getting ready for our performance at patriots stadium tonight! w00t w00t!
"i'm on a high, on a high, nothin' more to it   "
5 20 10 - 11:55pm est     clair de lune officially complete      now   to make it    perfect  playful 
"my 87 year old  grandma just opened a credit card <propmale>, gasped at the amount, turned slowly to me and with the straightest face says,\too bad i wasn't born <propmale> instead of sooo good looking \"" grandmas are awesome  playful """
"practice, practice practice   practice some more    and then? when you think it's perfect   you've only just begun to know what perfection is   and it's then that you return to where you began   to practice and practice and practice again   thus   is my creed "
granted    i'm not happy my parents are in hawaii without me    i must say i do love it when they find random japanese people during their travels and have them call and talk to me in japanese   cuz then i get to talk about them right in front of them and they have no clue what we're saying  playful 
is it time for karate yet? ugh    desk jobs will be the death of me     must    moooooooove     
"so    i found some old pictures of me from my \flip days\""   and ya know   before \""it all went wrong\""     which i was tempted to post   but if i do    i will lose all and any credibility i have    decisions     decisions    """
*sigh*    i can't believe i'm doing this    i swore i never would    i must be dying or something    view at your own risk    cuz there's a good <propmale> i'll be silencing all those who see the truth    
xma tonight at <propmale> high  joyful b
"piano therapy until i pass out, my fingers fall off, or i feel better   "
"being a lone wolf is the easiest and hardest thing in the world   you're detached from any unnecessary complications, avoid drama, play by your own rules   but at the end of the day   you only have yourself to keep you company   "
"dear 5am     we really need to stop meeting this way   i'd rather sleep with you     sincerely, me"
what gives?!?! my parents are in hawaii without me and my mom bursts into tears on the phone because i wasn't jumping for joy for their plans    so now not only do i get to feel left out   i get to feel guilty about it too    so messed up    
so not cool that it's such a beautiful day and i have to eat lunch at my desk staring pathetically out the window   
45min till freedom   
freedom + karate time = happy  smile 
i give up   heart-broken 
"i'm tired of feeling this way, i don't want to hurt anymore    but i just can't bring myself to let this go   "
??????????????????????????????????????????????????
watching an entire season of an australian western reeaally isn't helping me suppress my natural tendency to speak with an aussie accent   
"i'm all cried out for one night   packing,shower, then off to bed "
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now   
"rushing and racing and running in circles  moving so fast i'm forgetting my purpose  blur of the traffic is sending me spinning  getting nowhere  my head and my heart are colliding, chaotic  pace of the world, i just wish i could stop it  try to appear like i've got it together  i'm falling apart  save me, somebody take my hand and lead me  slow me down "
"sometimes i fear that i might disappear in the blur of fast-forward i falter again  forgetting to breath, i need to sleep, i'm getting nowhere  all that i've missed i see in the reflection  past me while i wasn't paying attention  tired of rushing, racing and running  i'm falling apart  don't let me live a lie before my life flies by  slow me down "
"an entire day filled with movies, karate and friends = pure awesomeness   joyful "
just got the keys to my place! off to practice then piano shopping  joyful 
had an awesome practice and just got my piano!  joyful 
another productive day at work designing my xma make-up for graduation on saturday  joyful b
is it friday yet     
everyone in the office went home for the day     except me and my dad    oh joy    
a fun filled day of folding paper and glueing envelopes    oh so glad i went to college
packing and moving all day
shopping with da mommy at bridgewater commons 
all this shopping for bed sheets is making me want to curl up on a display bed and pass out   
chillin at the condo waiting for the cable guy and the furniture 
i haz mah own interwebz!!! d joyful b
i wish my bed would come so i could take a nap      
"xma practice, then dinner with the 'rents, then sleeping in my new bed for the first timeeee!"
my first night in my new place  joyful  sweet dreams! can't wait for graduation tomorrow!!!
my mother just windex-ed our dog     there are no words   
????????????????????!
i love how my mom just called me at work to let me know that the <propmale> potter theme park in <propmale> officially opened today and is already planning a trip for the two of us   playful 
aaaaah    yet another monday spent staring at the clock counting down the seconds until karate    
ab ripper x and beating up <propmale> before bed
"love me if you can  respect me if you can't  but no matter your choice, i've made mine  and i'm not stopping until i reach the top  bring it "
i'm going to kill <propfirst> slade     
this is going to be the slowest work day ever     can't wait for karate tonight and then up to <propfemale> for an awesome holiday weekend
such an amazing weekend   i don't know how i'm going to be able to survive this work week after having so much fun and no karate till next monday    this is going to be a problem  annoyed ;;
^___________^    <----- this is my happy face right now    squeeeeee!!
"dreams do come true, as long as you have the courage to follow them and the faith to see them completed"
"contest post! \like\"" this and i'll like you! ~  i've got a date with a power ranger on saturday! who says dreams can't come true?! not to mention he's <propfirst> lautner's coach  how can one person be overflowing with so much awesomeness? sooo excited!!!"""
"hey everyone! please go to the championship martial arts <propfemale> posted below and \like\"" my post on their <propfemale> wall! the person with the most \""likes\"" will win a prize!  thanks!!  joyful """
"off to day 1 of belt advancement camp!! and tomorrow is a whole day with <propfirst> chat!! this is officially going to be the best weekend eeevveerr!!! \d joyful b"
there are no words to e playful lain the day i'm about to have     off to play with a power ranger!! ^________^
"i'm not entirely sure i've come down to earth yet   this has officially been the best weekend ever! got to meet incredible <propfirst> chat yesterday and ranked up in belt advancement camp today! yea   i'm officially on cloud 9   \ ^___^b"
sometimes it's the little things in life that make you smile the biggest ^___^
i'm far too forgiving    
it's official    this office is taking years off my life    
"dear evil cough fairy,\\i don't know what i have done to invoke your wrath   however if you could kindly refrain from causing me to cough up a lung multiple times a day i would be eternally in your debt    \\sincerly,\me"
one of my favorite nights of the year!! off to film night at tanglewood to see <propfirst> <propmale>  joyful b
i wanna dance!!!!!
awesome night of board breaking at karate!!!  joyful 
i love how today turned into a sports marathon day with <propfemale>  joyful  hahaha gooooood tiiiiimes  playful 
"who wants to help me pick a new piano piece to learn?!?! i'll post some videos, lemmie know whutcha think   ps~    i'm not making any promises but there *might* finally be a video of <propfirst> de lune popping up this weekend or next    we shall see    "
god <propmale> me the strength to get through this day    
nothing can top the feeling of an answered prayer  joyful 
happy 88th birthday grandma!!
"haha best moment even on the golf course today  i hit a 280 drive and as i pass 2 guys to get to my ball one says to the other \do you know who that is?!?! that's the girl who lives on the 17th hole!!\"" \""i've heard of her! wow!\"" i seriously hate the game but i love the attention lol  playful  shot 83   not bad considering the last 18 holes i played was aug  '09 and only the 2nd time out this year """
i live to make the impossible possible   
in work on my day off + xma tonight = no way i can focus    i should just go home lol
i had such an incredible weekend filled with xma awesomeness that for 3 days i forgot how much i hated this office    too bad mondays always bring back the memories   *sigh*
running away from the office as fast as i can    might stop at verizon to check out some upgrades for my phone    will i walk out with a droid x? hmm   we shall see   
off to karate  joyful b
i'm at work   and halo: reach is sitting on my desk    right now   and i can't play with it     this is going to be a very very very long day     
???????????????
off to go kick some serious butt in a golf tournament with my dad  joyful 
"of course i hit a 306 yrd drive on the \longest drive hole\"" only to find out they're not doing longest drive this year    *sigh* and i was looking forward to the looks on all the guys faces   """
bwuahahaha!!! 1st place for net score! won a <propfemale> new golf bag !!  joyful 
graduation today! xma baby!!! good luck to <propfemale> and <propfemale> on their black belt testing!
why is it that when someone tells you there are billions of stars in the universe you believe them   but if they tell you there's wet paint somewhere    you have to touch it?
i thought being bribed would be more enjoyable    
counting down the seconds till i'm out of here and on my way to karate     
loving my new droid x  joyful 
 love  my karate girls  joyful 
amazing day of training with <propmale> osborne  joyful  thank you so much ma'am and sir for creating such incredible opportunities!
"amazing how one piece of mail can bring back so many wretched memories   thanks for the stab in the heart, i needed one since i was happy for a moment   silly me"
sometimes i wish the past didn't haunt you   but when the good outweighs the bad you're not allowed to stay sad  playful 
???????????????????
time to party with the  agawam crew! congrats <propfirst> on your wedding!!!  joyful 
happy 26th anniversary mom and dad!!  joyful 
i  love  my puppy  joyful 
nothing like being in charge of payroll    when all of your employees have the day off and you don't    a splendid monday with nothing to do -__-  is it time for karate yet?
 love  halloweeeeeen ^___^
woooooooow      i just went to the store and got really bummed because they didn't have my multi bran flax seed cereal   then made an audible sound gesture of joy when i came home to find i had half a box in my cabinet    what has become of my life that i get upset excited over multi grain flax seed cereal?
on the plane to <propmale> with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
chillin by the pool with the karate girls  joyful 
off to bed  big day tomorrow with our first day of training! let's do this!
first day of training at championship martial arts in <propmale> florida! ohhh yea!
had an amazing time training in <propmale>! oh the wonderful memories we made  don't wanna come home but i do miss my bed 
decorating  for halloween under a full <propfemale>? doesn't  get better than that  playful 
xma performance tonight and halloween this weekend     there's no way i can sit still focus on this slow rainy day at the office thinking of all the fun to be had 
"quick, send in the clowns    "
partying  it up brooklyn and hoboken!   love  halloween!
"the bar i'm at just had a costume contest that included quail man & <propfemale> mayonnaise, global  guts, and  a complete <propfirst> bros  crew    completely epic "
halloween baby!!!!!  love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
best    halloween      eeeeevvvveeeerrrr!!!!!! ^__________^
????????????   
today is going to be a horrible day     
so glad the weekend  is here    i can't take anymore   so stressed    
"once again another awesome class at championship martial arts - somerset, nj  joyful "
xma baby!!! ooh yea! that's right! what's my name!??! wooo!! performance today at north brunswick high school!   d joyful b
"\i dream for a living\"" ~ <propfirst> spielberg"""
i'm going to go with this is one of the coolest places i've ever stayed at     the tub alone has made my life     please see posted video    
omg   it's so beautiful i'm going  to cry     
xma rock the house tonight! thinking of you!
"\growing old is mandatory   growing up is optional \"" ~ chili <propmale>"""
don't be fancy just get dancey  why so serious?
if my job were a person    i'd punch it in the face    
i dreamed a dream in time gone by   
i'm pretty sure i've been driven to the point of taking up drinking    fortunately     or unfortunately   my version of that involves consuming mass amounts of sugar until everything is laugh-so-hard-you-cry-and-can't-breath funny     now where did i put those pixie stix?
at the jets stadium waiting for the game to start   joyful 
"have you thrown a fist full of glitter in the air? have you ever looked fear in the face and said, \i just don't care \"""""
"have you ever thrown a fist full of glitter in the air? have you ever looked fear in the face and said, \i just don't care \"""""
of only things were worse they'd be so much better    
early christmas presents are a beautiful thing in itself    but to have them delivered to the office so i get to play with it all day? that's just magic in it's purest form   playful 
i just found out i'm cia    oh the amazing things i learn when i'm with my father   
soooooo tired    still driving back from the city    can't wait to get home and get  some sleep  big day tomorrow!! graduation and office party  xma baby!!!
work needs to be over and it needs to be christmas now      just sayin'     
"i've decided upon a new attitude for 2011  most people never have the privilege of having a passion or being able to identify what it is that moves every fiber of their being and makes the impossible a welcomed challenge  in the new year i refuse to allow myself to let my passion be a burden   but instead let it be a guiding light, an inspiring force, and the <propfemale> ball that brings my dreams to life "
so glad i stayed in <propmale> after christmas    my reward for such an act is being dragged into work at 6am via carpool with my dad     yippie     skippie     i hope everyone else in the office is enjoying their warm beds and extra sleep    
"this week    2 feet of snow complete with snowboard gear and ski mask     next week bathing suit, sunshine and some kangaroos  joyful  "
"clearly there's no way i can focus on work when all i can think about is kangaroos, koalas, and the amazing accent i plan on obtaining  2 more dayssss!!!!!"
soooooo     tomorrow i fly to la and have an 8 hour layover until our flight to melborne    i'm thinking i'm going to have to pay a visit to the xma headquarters > laugh 
"i'll be starting off 2011 with a day of immortality   considering i \won't exist\"" on <propfirst>  1st   i kinda like it  joyful    so i hope everyone has a wonderful new years!"""
landed in la and currently trying to coherse my mom into crashing the xma hq  playful 
"oh australia    you have exceeded my dreams and e playful ectations in so many ways    except one     contrary to popular belief the water does not spin the oposite way when you flush the toilet, it goes straight down   ahhh well    "
i just saw some people doing parkour while riding down the river on a tour   needless to say i had to fight the urge to jump ship and join them 
i absolutely love this country  i'm so moving here!
nothing like hiking in the australian outback in 110 degrees 
time to sleep! big day tomorrow! going snorkling in the great barrier reef!
the barrier reef was amazing!!! now its time to check out the rain <propmale>  joyful 
gyah! i'm seeing madam butterfly on opening night at the <propfirst> opera house!
goodbye australia!! i'm going to miss yoooou!!! you were so amazing and i'm definitely coming back!! tomorrow the adventure continues as i make my way to my other dreamland! new zealand!!!
my dream trip is slowly coming to an end   i'm sad but at the same time my friends are making it quite clear they miss me and want me back  which makes me happy cuz it means i'm loved  joyful  3 days till i'm back in the good old us of a 
"i just had the longest sunday of my life    about a 38 hour day  20 hours on a plane    so unbareably tired    our luggage has been lost by the airlines and will hopefully be mailed to us sometime this week   and my dad's welcome home speech? \we're leaving for work tomorrow at 7am\""      i want to go back to new zealand  sad """
kiaora aotearoa     haka oi 
"my mom and i called outback steakhouse and ordered take out last night    i almost cried when the recording came on and said \g'day mate! welcome to outback!\""  sad   i waanna gooooo baaaaack!"""
"i finally downloaded all my pictures from my trip   the official final count?  6,638 pictures  now    to organize them all and pic out what i want to post     oh boy   "
"if only i had a dollar for every time the phrase \i'm going to kill my father\"" past my lips i wouldn't need a job     -_-"""
i was born of wolves and cultured by bats  yet on nights such as these we howl at the full <propfemale> and are transformed 
i'm in total shock right now   watching the news with my parents and they showed pictures of the damage christchurch took from the last earthquake    they showed the church square in rubble which was my view from my hotel while i was there  my heart goes out to all of new zealand and my prayers are with you 
"tonight is more important and more special than any other night, more than my own birthday    why do you ask? because the oscars are on and i can escape to the world i covet more than anything  plus i get to work on my acceptance speech  playful "
just got released from the hospital   i hope that never happens again    so tired   
 love 's her new ipad  joyful 
getting ready to see spiderman on broadway!!! and of course i'm having a heart attack because there's an xma guy in the cast 
having lunch with master <propmale> liborio  joyful   thrn back to round two of training 
thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes!!  joyful 
