972969df02fff083c851056621d050ef
pool with pavel
another day at school completed
getting pumped for my b-day on monday  cant wait!!! also halo 3 odst is going to rock!!
yea what a wonderful b-day!!
odst came out today  i have been waiting forever for this game  wohooo
odst is awesome  another day completed
going to target soon to buy myself pc stuff    
what a great halloween! i hope my <propfemale> lasts until next year  smile 
modern warfare 2 is out and im ready to kick some but! lol
left 4 dead 2 is out too! november is the best month for video games so far!!
having a nice turkey day with my family in boston 
yea an amazing day of no school!
well almost 3rd day of mid-terms at school  not as bad as i thought they would be so far   
going to an islanders game with pavel tch
omg i just got battlefield bad company 2 and it is amazing! it owns modern warfare 2  i also wan't district 9 or avatar to win best picture  smile 
"just did scheduling in school today  i 'm going into honors social studies (finally   ) computer essentials, web wizards and other electives will be mythology and film studies "
can't believe that nobody was really exicted about st patricks day  oh well  still a fun holiday!
well 5 days to spring break!!!
"(this is for camp friends only) i wont be going back to driftwood  i don't like the new owners and i think its way too overpriced for the kinda summer i had  so i have found a thing called thrill coasters teen tour  it's only like 3,000 and they go to cedar point for two days and early access! if you don't like the \new\"" driftwood day camp or wan't to try something new talk to me  thanks for understanding!"""
r i p <propfirst>  i didn't know her but you won't be forgotten by all of us!
wrestlemania is today!
happy passover!
man its almost school  oh well june is two months away! then its summer!
if anybody plays counter strike and or day of defeat on steam i'll play you  thanks and my info is under my pic 
well about 2 months till summer and i have to say this has been so far one of the best school years of my life  hoping to get more like this in the years too come!
just got the new left 4 dead 2 dlc  i'm lovin it!!
also if anybody asks about my profile pic its the symbol for the order of byzantine knights  i know i'm a history nerd  laugh 
"just started my written rants series  enjoy! note to my firend <propfirst> the rant thing isn't a copy of your \things that annoy the hell out of me\"""""
sooo  3 days till reach beta  <propfirst> the date and when next friday comes i will be playing all nite long!!!
a huge accident on the southern state (which is behind my house) just starteld me  they say that its the most dangerous highway section on long island   
just played the halo reach beta  what else can i say beside awesome!!!
"almost friday! paper airplane day, invasion for halo reach beta, and of course the weekend are right around the corner!"
at a iron man 2 imax show!
lol english pirate language!
with the class of 2013 <propfemale> i very much appreciate mayan culture just not the whole 2012 deal  don't sacrafice me please i have much to live for lol 
we just got the new chevy traverse  it's very nice  laugh 
"i did a powerwalk today from a friends house to target  i'm tired but proud  laugh ,"
ahh i'm going to love memorial day weekend!
just remember something very very important   summer is coming up and my last day is the 18th halleluyah!
have to wear a stupid retainer for a week  sad 
mehh sorry i haven't been replying to anything  finals and regentses next week  anyway last day of school is tommorow! i hope everybody has a great summer! i have also been getting back into samurai  smile 
i just flew a plane yesterday! it was a cessna skyhawk  it was in this program called young eagles  today i'm meeting some new people at thrillcoaster tours  can't wait for the tour!
today was fun  i met new people today going to thrillcoasters teen tour  it's amazing all of the hotels and amusement parks  take that driftwood day camp!
just did my social studies and spanish finals  all too easy   
just did my first regents ever! not as very hard as teacher's put it  it was the science regents 
to think that next week i'll be in cedar point  anyway happy summer everybody!
i just had the best pizza ever!
i'm back from my 2 week tour of the midwest! i had a great time and i met new people  i even conquered some old fears! thanks to <propfirst> <propmale> of tct and my parents for making this possible!
sad that i found out that great american scream machine my favorite arrow dynamics coaster is going away  i'll miss you and along with thousands of other coaster fanatics like me  besides that i'm now getting adjusted to everyday normal suburbian life 
ahh continuing to unwind even though i'm really sore   
just found out that i'm most likely going to go on north of the border trip  can't wait to see all of the people from tct again!
also my offical coaster count is 101  i hope to bump it up soon!
i just saw the last airbender today  it's okay  it's not as bad as a lot of people say and it's not good either  too many mistakes with the movie that distance it from the show  i also saw predators last night it was good but not as good as the original  i guess i had high e playful ectations 
is going to get recon with halo reach  smile 
i hate getting friend requests from people i don't know so please stop sending them  anyway i just ranted about <propmale>  please watch! www youtube com user gamepro217
hopefully going to get into a rush concert today  if not then inception 
no rush concert sadly  oh well in 2 weeks notb!
ah have fun beachgoers kids  hope to see some of you on notb! anyway on wednesday a new <propmale> episode airs about six flags new england home of the supposed #1 steel coaster on the planet  not meaning to advertise   
just so people know please no spam on my account   i don't care about facebook games and all that crap so please no spam   
also i just watched enemy at the gates  it was good but odd  if you like war films and history you'll like this one 
tonight is the episode of <propmale> i have been waiting for   six flags new england!
next week notb  bizzaro #1 lol  many new memories and coasters next week  hope to see plenty of new people as well as people from gateway!
ah my day of house managment complete  so much anxiety for an action-packed coaster adventure! and happy birthday to my awesome dad!
had a ok day at lake compounce the yellow jacket capital of the world  today hopefully things will turn out betterat six flags new england  bizzaro baby!
after having a lot of awkward moments in montreal i head on to canada's wonderland one of my favorite amusment parks 
i'm home after a week of non-stop coasters  hopefully i'll get to see everyone again for reunion!
hopefully going to gadv next week to ride toro and nitro  2 of my childhood coaster nightmares lol 
today creed concert tommorow great adventure with family and friends!
at the creed concert!
"ahhh an amazing day at great adventure with family and friends  el toro, nitro, and kingda <propfemale> have been conquered! even an accidental tct reunion happened to finish the night "
"i just learned more info about great adventure's mysterious past  oh how i'd love to see lightinin loops, viper, chiller (even though i remeber chiller), and shockwave  there should be a sort of roller coaster safari where coasters of the past can be ridden without the pressure of being torn down"
just got my schedule for school  i'm very happy that i got the classes i wanted  tommorow i'm going to the cradle of aviation museum to see classic movie cars and airplanes 
going to the cradle of aviation 
got the halo reach limited edition xbox controller  it's awesome for my halo nerdness! tommorow i'm going to splish splash with friends and family 
september already    halo reach in 13 days and my birthday in 20 days!
"2 days till school, 9 days till reach, and 16 days till my birthday  september is a wonderful month isn't it?"
first day of school  good classes with a lot of friends = smile 
happy rosh hashunah all of my jewish friends and family!
can't wait for reach tommorow  will post pics of the legendary edition in it's splendor  wish i was in the city at the launch party or hell the small party at gamestop!
i got my hands on reach! it's awesome! other than that nothing else really 
just watched the tct dvd i got in the mail  a great summer that i'll never forget! thanks for the memories! new ghost adventures too soon   
the best day of the year in 2 days  my birthday!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!
i wonder about the possible tct reunion at gadv  oh well   going to gadv on <propmale> day weekend for fright fest  other than that i hope to pre-order black ops or medal of honor soon 
had a great time with friends yesterday 
have a cold unfourtnatley  i've been through so many of them so it's not that bad  and what's up with the facebook movie? if they can make a movie about facebook why can't they make a halo movie   
fright fest hopefully soon at gadv and fallout new vegas too coming up in october 
gadv today 
tired oh so very tired and new ghost hunters episode tonight!
back on facebook after my self-blackout on facebook  halloween soon and hope to get a shit load of <propfemale> compared to last years dissapointment   
no more <propfemale> pulosi and patterson! i love when election day gets this great 
also if i encounter any awesome creepypasta i'll post it under notes 
early snowfall like russia today  gee lets hope nobody tries to kick our ass 
my god damn xbox broke fallout new vegas for a second time  i'm done playing it until i get a new xbox so don't e playful ect me on for a while  also new creepypasta this time by me  enjoy!
it's times like this when i sit bored at my computer when i fully realize how much school can not be boring   also and why in god's name are people obessing call of duty a lot i know it's a good game but c'mon people litterly waste their lives with this shit like it's drugs or something  i pray to god that there won't be a noob infestation when i finally do get it   
god bless our veterens who fought to protect our freedom and democracy  thank you vets this day's for you  also happy anniversery to my parents today too 
i'm a hawk  according to a hearing and vision test i took i have 20 20 vision and perfect hearing!
hanging out with a friend and playing some minecraft and black ops 
beat <propfirst> <propmale> in a social studies duel in a european country matching game! good game though
apparently north korea fired artillery shells on south korean soldiers  oh <propfirst> <propfemale> il what are you up to now?
can't believe <propfirst> <propmale> died  r i p you'll be rembered always
happy first night of hannukah everyone!
"black ops is great! great firearms, balancing, campaign, and maps make this most likely game of the year "
5th night of hannukah already? i remeber it as a slow holiday not a fast one  oh well   and i'm late for this make your profile pic your favorite cartoon day and courage the cowardly dog was my favorite 
"just started a \novel\""  check out the first chapter below or what is the prototype for it  enjoy and post feedback!"""
what a winter wonderland today   
funeral tommorow unfortuanatley for my grandfather <propmale> acker  may he enjoy heaven and it's wonders 
the movie tron came out  i hope it's a faithful remake of the original  other that that not much 
today was a long day as usual and at least christmas vacation is coming up but i got nothing to look up too except a long off week  thank you christians!
finally going back to school tommorow  a lot of fun in place tommorow  movie in math and risk in social studies and god knows what else  and then christmas break!
<propfemale> christmas to my friends and have a wonderful holiday!
"just wrote a comedic poem if you can call it that  it's called \happy holidays\"" and it's under notes  and a boring christmas day as usual for me """
what a winterwonderland outside!
day two of the blizzard  i wish this was last week though   
having a sleep over with <propfirst> doherty  playing fallout a usual but always fun as hell!
"saw three new movies today  ace ventura 2, paranormal activity, and <propfirst> pilgrim v s the world with my friend today "
"my name in different languages lol \japanese: ?????\russian: ??????\arabic: ?????"
happy new years <propfemale> everyone!
listening to <propfemale>  pure awesomness!
got a new haircut today   
with <propfirst> infante
"apparently the day i choose to go on my normal bus, the bus gets hit by a school district car  oh the irony   "
"here's my computer specs in case anyone wants to know \\processor: amd athlon ii x2 250 processor with 3 00 ghz \r a m: 4 00 gigabites\video card: nvidia geforce nforce 430\\and apparently world of warcraft sad ataclysm is the fastest selling pc game of all time   \creating more addicts everday!\"" should be blizzard's new motto lol"""
i hope it snows tommorow and hard  it'd be nice to have a 2 day snow break right?
snow day!
isn't it just me but didn't it feel like sunday then monday today lol 
got accepted for supa (syracuse university project advance) american history!
having a sleepover <propfirst>
hey friends i'm holding a group of urban e playful lorers called w i u e with my friend <propfirst> hassel  if anyone is intrested in joining contact one of us  thanks!
midterms in a couple of days   
steelers won!!!! eventhough i would of like'd the jets to be there too but oh well  still steelers won!
state of the union address today  don't like barack obama so i don't give a damn  we are slowly becoming socialist  time for a new president   
revoultion in egypt  gee international news has been <propfemale> this week  hopefully the rebels win  egypt deserves democracy 
got hacked on steam again  some asswhole with a keylogger 
got the black ops first strike map pack  love the berlin wall map!
just played the crysis 2 multiplayer demo  awesome  i wish i played the original though   
superbowl sunday tommorow  hope the steelers win!
steelers lost  sad   oh well good season right?
went through <propfirst>'s day fortunatley without emotional trauma  and the u r j r has become the u s r after annexing 3 more rooms to our united republic! holding positions for the cabinet if anyone is interested 
beat fallout new vegas fourth time around and this time for caesar's legion  oh what a sick bastard i am lol!
damn cold   the red army is overeacting to the weather lol 
"i hope my \red army\"" is fighting to \""berlin\"" by now  other than that going to kill time by going on google earth and finding all the locations of fallout new vegas on there  oh well the price for vacation right?"""
just ordered pizza from papa <propfirst>'s  the operator thought i was a girl   do i really sound like a girl or is this guy deaf?
apparently according to the quiz i took below i'm either a silver tonged dictator who aspires to mass murder or a inventor  gee i guess i'm all the wrong people aren't i?
hanging out with <propfirst>
nothin like listening to the red army choir to drown out rap 
"lots of profile editing mainly under philosophy and activities  anyway going to make my first you tube video in a while with minecraft  if anybody's intrested go here to see my videos\www youtube com gamepro217"
just greeted with news of a 8 9 earthquake and tsunami in japan  at least they are prepared for that kind of disaster 
going to see footloose at the high school soon   
tsunami in japan and possible nuclear meltdown  it's hell over there apparently   
fun birthday party with friends today 
my life is paralleling rear window right now  i hear voices outside and i'm stuck in my room right now  <propmale> hitchcock i'm sure is laughing his ass of right now lol
risk tommorow with <propmale> and <propfirst>
just came back from seeing battle: la  pretty good in my opinion  lot's of suspense but pretty shitty acting
had fun with friends today
airsoft tommorow
ugh <propfemale> kutcher and <propfirst> bieber are going to be in a movie  just why?
came back from seeing <propfirst>  hilarious that's all i have to say 
worst wrestlemania ever  eventhough the undertaker and triple h match was awesome!
ah gotta love the warm temperatures  it was beautiful today!
going to create a creepypasta soon  probably going to be something <propfemale> in wonderland thing or some hidden pictures found 
my condolences goes to all the students in chorus  if you ever want to talk let me know 
