05b6dc3e9efd328a8a593a9533f36ba4
"just watched the matrix for the first time in forever, and realized that almost all of the movies she's watched this week have keanu reeves "
91!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"loves \the philanthropist\""!"""
rawr  wanted to go running  damn thunderstorms
meh
bored  maybe going to the zoo  we'll see 
bored  i petted an elephant!
wanting to run away   why do we need more children here?
i hate people
why is there a peacock sitting on the couch?!?!
"bored to tears, and hating kids more every day"
bored to tears   i want to go running
"m,iserable and wondering when the hell summer is over"
miserable   
"back from the adirondacks, cant wait for school"
"miserable, but still able to run, so its all good"
so freaking lame that i couldnt practice this morning 
bored
"i hate you all, and you know who you are  why the flip do i need freaking senior pictures?"
i need to leave  now 
is wondering how she hasn't killed herself  while living at home 
thinks spock is amazing!
wishes that there were intelligent people in the world 
are you out of your vulcan mind?
i hate my family   can i move in with you?
"ahahaha   eighteen thousand dollars, just 'cause i'm so awesome!!!!! loving unh more and more each day"
"spock rocks like pop rocks  yup, it's undeniable  smile "
our pupcakes are amazing    certain people (coughbrad and lysscough) need to learn how to bake better!
"\is she okay?\"" \""i don't think so  i shot her \""  points to anyone who knows what it's from!"""
"wishing it was december 26th, so that christmas would be over!!!!!!!!"
is wondering whether or not to kill a certain someone   it'd certainly help multiple people 
"what am i supposed to do, just kick off half my crew?  no idea   "
accepted to mercyhurst college!
"wayyy too much stuff to do tomight   bio, cookies, and god only knows what else"
yay break    going sledding!!!!
"i suppose i should be saying <propfemale> christmas, but i don't like christmas   so   happy december 25th? oh and happy <propfirst>uary!(yay <propmale> <propfirst>!)"
heck yes!!! snow means sledding day!
happy new year!
"nkay god, just hurry up this time thing so i can go back to ua already!!!!"
loves spending all night throwing up   especially when she neglected to eat all day long 
has managed to burn her hand and is now in agony
has ten essays to write by next tuesday   so not cool 
i can't believe we got third place!!!!!!!!
"hates biology and <propmale>, <propfirst> and <propfemale>, because they got to leave this freaking place"
"needs to study for science olympiad, but would rather just procrastinate   it's more fun!"
it totally psyched the she somehow managed to get third in forensics!
has managed a 94 on her apecon test  heck yes 
just found out that <propmale> neeley is jesus in the version of jcs she's going to see!!!!!!!!!
really cannot wait to graduate and move out of this hellhole 
"does not like the cold, and hates all the kids in quebec   it is most likely warmer there than it is here "
"will forever be grateful for electricity, because life without it sucks "
is accepted to wnec!!!!!
00100000: the final frontier
is counting down the days until graduation 
why do parents pretend that they don't loathe you when it's blatantly obvious that they can't stand your presence?
typing stage crew cues at midnight is great fun  not  this freaking sucks 
can i give my job to someone else and just watch the show?
"i'm just going to thank everyone now,so that way it won't take me forever   i want to go to bed (on the bridge  w  lyssa  laugh )"
leave my hat alone!!! haha crew gets to wear theirs tomorrow!!!!
no more shows for me    28 performances!
"now that the musical is over, i realize that i really have no motivation to do anything, especially not track  to quit or not to quit?"
wtf   why the hell do i have to be 18 to live on a freaking campus?  i'm smarter than half the damn kids there!
gandalf is jesus  so watch out for him today! haha  smile 
"my foot freaking hurts   damn allergic reactions   <propfirst>, your cookie made my entire day!  smile "
likes to laugh at stupid people who think they know her best friend better than she does   smile 
is watching <propfemale> trek   in spanish   without subtitles  and actually understanding it!!!!!!
yo mayo!!! mother is gone for the weekend   yay 
"grr   if i missed anything important today, someone is going to get it "
is most likely going to ualbany 
i think my cat's been reading my diary 
hates being sick   and missing practice 
is cleaning the bonfire pit and starting to make food for tomorrow  yay 
"peoples, i need to know before i go shopping: hot dogs or hamburgers? call me!!!"
haha we kick ass! envirothon champs!!!
"stupid f-ing asshole doctor   yessir, i'm addicted to narcotics and love being a patient, that's why i'm here!"
drugs are bad   they make you sick   sad 
wants a freaking beef'ncheddar and will hug anyone who gets her one  winkwinklyssa   yo se que tienes <propfemale> coche    
hates her entire fucking family and needs to leave  now 
has successfully eaten (finally!) and can no longer compete in track  sad 
"lyssa squared, love you both   because who doesn't like to eat ice cream in lawn chairs in a gazebo in downton chittenango on a thursday night?"
"screw you, ny   this is freaking bolshevik   snow, on mother's day   and of course, no heat in this damn house "
how do you play a game of monopoly and not play to win?!  doesn't that kind of defeat the purpose of playing in the first place?
misses running even more now that she is not allowed to   
"loves the avatar soundtrack, and wants the movie "
loves <propfemale> d but not the creeper at the store 
"hey, that's my number!!!"
hahaha fanreakingtastic  becuase when you go to arby's you have to get beef'n'cheddar 
"fanfreakingtastic time at arby's with awesome people!!(and beef'n'cheddars, of course)"
"from what pictures i've seen, our prom way wayyyy better  hahaha"
psh   hablo espanol mejor que todos los otros estudiantes 
i can't decide which is worse: being in agony or being told you're a mental defect and faking it 
"new awesome quote \make it so \"""""
hahahaha 3 5 days left ever!!!!!!!!
wants a pony  and a starship 
it's over forever!!!!! hallelujah!!!!!
cannot wait to go to college 
"if you put a chameleon in a room full of mirrors, what color would it turn?"
sometimes graduation stuff sucks   like cleaning the yard 
i love rambo   
"bakin' a cake   actually, bakin' four cakes!"
"graduating!!! (and will we succeed? yes, we will indeed   98 and 3 4 percent guaranteed!)"
why do they put people who clearly do not want to be on television on television?  i don't know how actors do it! but    i'm done forever!!!!!
dead after my 23 7 mile bike ride at insane speeds 
"loves her awesome friends, except for those who confirm her ultra-super-secret plans to other people  lyss    you are so dead   smile "
wishes people weren't losers!!!!
is off to enchanted <propmale> with her family  lovely 
is sunburned and bored 
"<propmale>, we have our permits   finally "
grr    stupid allergic reactions   too sick to go anywhere!  sad 
"go spain!!!!!! <propfirst> huebler , you are the most amazing person in the world   words cannot describe the awesome "
"screw you, psychic octopus!!! hahaha <propfemale> espana!!!"
"social e playful eriment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me!!!!  it can be anything you want  when you're finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised with what people remember~"
"is back from ua    \horseradish is baaaad!\"""""
is back from the camping trip from hell  but   i got a 5 on the ap bio test!!!!!
finally got her laptop 
i need to have one <propmale> surgery where they take out everything a body doesn't need tu survive 
wishes she had one of those houses in indiana    
add pizza to the list    
"i like him   he's nice, but scary  like <propfemale>!"
"loves the rohirrim, especially eomer "
"zeitgeist is the gen<propfemale>l cultural, intellectual, ethical, spiritual, and or political climate within a nation or even specific groups, along with the gen<propfemale>l ambience, morals, sociocultural direction or mood of an <propfemale>  thank you <propmale> quinto for making me feel ridiculously stupid "
"is attempting to pack for camp, but several of her clothes are mia (because certain people keep stealing them) "
just bought an awesome glee poster and loves it 
"\well that's true \"""""
"misses camp, and wishes she were there, just bringing all the cool people from chittenango with her "
<propfemale> giarrosso had just discovered my guilty pleasure   smile 
is watching new zealand movies    they make my day  smile 
"r i p  <propmale>, my prayers are with your family and friends "
"caesar says: \romans!!!! i have an important announcement to make     i have invented a new salad \""  smile """
thinks it's awesome that <propfemale> bofia likes basshunter!  smile 
really wants to go to ultimate tonight!
just got back from playing an epic game of ultimate 
is bored and wants to do something fun today   too bad there's nothing to do in chittenango 
hates doctors   a lot 
is hanging out with <propfemale> giarrosso and <propfemale> crackerz before stupid scans 
"is going to track down and murder whoever invented the hida scan, more specifically the second injection   i've never been that sick in my entire life "
just bought a ton of books which kind of makes up for yesterday's misery 
congratulations! you win!!!   a russian?
"okay people, i need your skype names   otherwise i probably won't talk to you!  smile "
"making trekker shirts wth <propfemale> crackerz , <propfemale> giarrosso , and <propfemale> <propfemale>    i pledge allegiance, to the flag, of the united federdation of planets "
why the hell do simple necessities cost so freaking much?
woo-hoo!  almost time to go!!!!
"wtf    parents, if you don't know what the hell a button does, don't freaking touch it!!!!! really mother   now what the hell am i supposed to do?"
loves college a million times more than home   smile 
"has a second suite, complete with trekkies and a boss zefron poster!!!!"
"is oddly tired  hmm    whatever, i'll adjust eventually "
just wants to pass out   but has a shitload of homework to do   fml 
"college is like the matrix, we all have to make choices   now, do you want the red pill or the blue one? lol i like chem already "
"dude, i thought after ap bio i would be done looking at damn pillbugs for hours   nope, apparently not "
"is really tired     but feels better after sitting in \en garde\"" for three hours """
sweating to death 
is scared 
every girl in college  lock your doors and keep your keys on you at all times    or be scared shitless 
wishes her interview was over so she could stop worrying about it 
hates how the campus is designed to create mini-tornadoes in the wind 
loves tae kwon do but not the soreness 
misses her orange guava passionfruit juice because her mother refuses to buy any 
"is done with chem homework!!!!! (for a couple of days, at least)"
"<propfemale> houseman , <propfemale> mondello , and  are getting the most awesome yet creepy gift in the world on sunday!"
is babysitting a terror on legs   smile 
cannot wait to go home 
really like crew despite the fact that her legs are dying 
"you know it's bad when all you get from the coxswain is \oh shit oh shit\"""""
laundry never took this long at home   what the hell 
"is still laughing at the girl she saw wearing a winter coat, hat, and gloves "
hates the fact that latin conjugates verbs and nouns 
has to go to
wants everything to stop hurting 
can't decide whether or not she wants to be a coxswain or stay stroke 
can't decide whether or not she wants to be a coxswain or stay stroke 
"thinks drunk people are funny, especially when they can't walk straight "
"for the love of god, you leave me something like that and e playful ect me not to worry?  good, god, woman, you're insane "
is back from the archaic ridiculous hospital that doesn't even have the little box thingies on the iv poles!!! how lame is that?
cannot reconcile the fact that she almost killed seven people today 
"is freaking exhausted  lyss, i blame you "
i like it on my back!
"hide your kids, hide your wife, and hide your husband too "
misses rushford really badly right now  no stress    no nothing 
wants to go home 
hmmm    chem or not chem?  not chem 
negative signs will be the death of me 
just got attacked by a banana and a gorilla   why isn't anyone else ever around for these things?
is soaking wet after sitting in a boat for two hours in pouring rain 
the dreaded chem test of epic proportions is now over!
wow  regattas are really tiring   and i didn't even row!
is apparently doomed to suffer the agony of christmas music even earlier than usual this year 
thinks the guys should actually pay attention before they push boat trailers into people 
my leg is green   smile 
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that some of you, my friends, will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it  ?"
"wishes certain people would talk to her because she's worried about them   one person in particular, and if you see this you know who you are   so let me know you're okay, yes?"
"put this as your status if you know, or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least 1 hour?"
"screw you, chemistry "
thinks saratoga is way too cold to be outside   unless there's a fire   smile 
is not going to the gym before tae kwon do next time 
yay movie night!
is home from the hospital  finally   smile 
loves suite 803 and all related members of our extended family   smile 
"am i tired? no, i'm not tired  i'm far beyond tired  i'm freaking exhausted, that's what i am!"
thinks the people scrambling around ua because it's snowing are the funniest thing she's seen all year   laugh 
"on the 8th of november, the angels were cryin' as they carried his brothers away   "
"\heee's a big pig\"" \""yup yup yup\"" \""you can be a big pig too! oy!\"""""
kicking the crap out of stuff never fails to make me feel better!
"had never failed anything in biology   and now she has  screw you, biology exam!"
is going to master poker     someday 
"apparently has a three-page paper due tomorrow i didn't know about  but still is happy because she's going to see <propmale> potter with awesome people on thursday!!!!!!(well, technically it's friday)"
cannot wait for <propmale> potter!!!!!!!!!!!
one more day     
finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i've been waiting for this forever!!!!!!
rip dobby!!!
"<propmale>, you're hilarious   smile "
one more day until my soulmateinanonromanticsense gets here!
"thanks, people, for your lovely comments implying that i'm anorexic "
"yup, i'm ready to go back to ua now "
ohshit     masteringbiology is due today  i'm on problem 4 of about 40 
happy stuffyourfacewithtonsoffood day!
chillin' in pain with <propfemale> giarrosso reading me  foreign stories   smile 
becuase everyone loves spending break unable to eat because their throat is on fire 
i wish christmas was over 
"has recently discovered that she's going to fail calculus, no matter how well she does on the final "
"<propfemale> olds , you make my day more humorous all the time  \i wish i had a tongue dispenser!\""       \""don't you mean depressor?\"""""
"why,  why, why?!?!? is there a fire drill at 2am? in the cold  and damp  fml "
eastman tower is currently being punched in the face by hurricane albany!!
finals are a pain in the ass 
"<propfirst> <propfemale> fuchs , you and your roommates are saints   smile  thank you!"
10 points to anyone who actually knows what cartoon my profile picture is!!!
"thinks she is quite capable of going to the doctor by herself, thank you very much "
no more classes!!!!!!!
suite 803 is an awesome suite to live in  because we have parties  and food 
hates chemistry with a passion that rivals <propfemale> tesla 's most passionate anything 
wow    i may actually have passed chem  shocking 
i know who sheala likes  smile 
"is not a fan of biology, despite the fact that it's her <propmale> "
snow angels at two thirty in the morning? i think so 
loves <propfemale> lennox and <propfemale> kasman  love   love   love 
<propfemale> lennox loves <propfirst> and <propfemale> kasman loves <propfirst> 
"does stupid shit sometimes  a lot of the time, actually "
is in complete and total agony   god hates me 
wants to go back to ua 
"didn't think it was possible to miss people as much as she misses the crew team, suite 803, and all its honorary residents right now "
i knew there was a reason i fucking hate holidays 
problem: i wasn't able to bring home an erg  solution: play just dance 2 for three hours  the workout is about the same   smile 
does not want to go to another doctor  ever 
"is it sad that watching multiple hours of \trauma annoyed ife in the er\"" makes my entire day better?"""
"\this has been a test of the emergency alert system  the purpose of the emergency alert system is to alert people to emergencies occurring \""   no really? i hadn't guessed """
is beyond ready to go back home to albany 
is it really too much to ask for food that i can actually eat?
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along   "
so there's weird noises coming from downstairs and i'm kind of freaking out    there's nobody down there  we checked  wtf  it's 4 in the morning 
wants real food that isn't cereal 
just trudged through a  snowbank up to my waist  i'm soaked  fml 
is insanely glad to be back at ua 
wants to go to bedddd    
thinks watching <propfemale> kasman and <propmale> beliveau watch the jets get their asses kicked is kind of hilarious 
is attempting to add more classes   i need more credits 
is having a dance party in the laundry room with <propfirst> giano and <propfemale> kasman  life is good 
"thinks it's ridiculous that <propfemale> kasman thinks <propmale> is a keeper when, in reality, she was the one that saved her ass  not him  we could've taken a taxi   smile "
"thanks, kid in giants hat on a snowboard  because when you destroyed me the first time, i really needed you to do it again "
"rip <propfirst> <propmale>, who was an awesome fish while he lasted "
no classes tomorrow!!!!! and no lab next week!!!!! life is good 
wants to go jump off the side of the building into the snow again 
"screw you, albany  a fire drill while i'm showering?!?!?!?!?!? fuck you "
