85a5a1d4fd9c139a24f22068337f7bc6
is so frickin bored   frozen   and tired   yep ya gotta love what the sault has to offer in the winter if you hate the snow and don't drink    absolutely nothing!!!
is bored    oh so very bored    
i've created 3 little monsters   gave the boys each a dollar for helping clean and now they won't stay away from the rummage sales on on street  they keep running back and forth buying more stuff and asking for more money    
la  de  dee  la  de  daa
is going to try to <propfemale> all these children upstairs and tuck them in their beds so they aren't sleeping in my bed and all over the living room     wish me luck   they aren't exactly light as a feather anymore    
"is heading upstairs to put the 3 little bugers to bed before they drive me crazy!  thinking i will probably fall asleep with them with how tired i am, i know pretty sad   to be sleeping for the night by 9pm "
has the children all tucked in bed and sleeping and is heading to dreamland    
is finishing packing   boys and i are headed up to the sault for 2wks in the morning to visit family   if anyone wants to get together to <propfemale> out call or text the cell   748-1242   will gladly welcome the company and plans to do anything   
the boys and i are in the sault at my parents    call or text the cell   748-1242 to make plans to get together while i am here   would love to <propfemale> out and not be bored the entire 2 weeks 
is home and finally unpacked   why does it always take twice as long to un-pack than it took you to pack???  i can not wait to sleep in my own bed and have a bedroom to put my boys to bed in   
omg these boys are driving me frickin crazy!!! they will not listen for shit again today   being cooped up in this house is so not good for them    i hate crappy weather!!!!!
finally has a bit of peace of quiet   all 3 boys are sitting quietly in the living room playing and watching 'hellboy'  then 'underworld' comes on so it should remain peaceful until they go to bed   yeah my kids choose these movies over '<propfemale>' or '<propmale>'    
has the brats in bed sleeping for the night and can finally clean the disaster throughout the house that they have made   oh the joys of 4 year old twins and a 2 year old   
"is so frickin frustrated! i am so done with feeling this way, just wish i knew what to do to fix it    "
is very much looking forward to tuesday morning when the children go to school    they desperately need some time apart where they won't be fighing    
loves that the children are back to school   but this being awake enough to function at 6am shit to get the kids up and moving i'm not loving so much   
is going to try to get these damn brats in bed so they will get up in the morning without fighting when i wake them for school     
has so much crap that just keeps building   i am ready to scream and punch something    i am so sick of certain people and their frickin bull shit    they need to grow the fuck up all ready!!!
"is at a loss     it's date nite and i have no fuckin clue what i want to do   it's dinner and probably a cheap redbox movie    help people   where do i want to go eat, what's a good movie??? i need ideas   lol"
is just april    
just go home from signing <propfemale> and the twins up for bowling for the year   after watching them practice am realizing it is going to be a very long season    me and my stupid bright ideas     lol
thinkin it's about time to slip into the role of mom and get these kids going on the whole homework and bath or shower thing since it's about 6 smile 0 and i have 5 stinky kids that need to get cleaned and i want them all in bed before 9pm    now where did i leave that magic wand???
"9 more days till the \i do's\"" going to pick up the marriage licence tomorrow  morning   """
"so the twins started bowling league this morning   surprisingly it wasn't as bad as i thought it would be   shawn's first game he only had a 1,  but game 2 his score was up to 20 so his average is a 10!  <propfirst>'s first game he had an 11, and his 2nd game he had a 29 so his average is a 20! not bad for never bowling before   "
is getting so frickin sick of non of the apps working on here and always having to reload everything    chat times out    nothing fuckin works    
"only 8 more hours!!! now if i could just find them damn dress shoes     just may end up saying my \i do's\"" barefoot   lol"""
it's now official i am now april ailing weimer pinkerton
is getting the boys ready to go bowling   hopefully <propfirst> has a better week than last week    
is going to try to figure out how to get 8 children in bed so i can start gettin shit ready for party tomorrow while i wait for the last kid to get home so i can go to bed    wish me luck   
is wondering how the house was so quiet for the weekend eventhough we had 9 kids here     yet when we only have 3 here it sounds like we live in a frickin war zone    how does that work???
"is so looking forward to tomorrow   i don't think i can take 1 more day of the same frickin episode of <propfemale>, diago, <propmale> and <propfemale> ect   i realize it has been halloween week and all   but come on nickelodeon come up with more than 1 damn halloween episode for each frickin show all ready!!!"
is going out of my mind and ready to just s c r e a m ! ! ! !
"thinks it is quite funny that the children believe they need their snowpants, boots, wintercoats, hats and gloves to go play outside in the \snow\"" and want their sleds so they can sled down the hill next door     there is only a frickin light dusting of snow on the ground!!!!"""
"is struggling with a homework problem i'm trying to help the daughter on and need some help    she needs to unscramble \ m d b e t i c e \""  and make a word that has something to do with christmas     anyone have a frickin clue???"""
is thinking about finishing wrapping the christmas presents   
"my daughter <propfemale> needs to sell about 250 more vande walles <propfemale> bars by mid january to pay for her 8th field trip so if anyone would like to buy some and help her out let me know we can even deliver them to you ( within reason of course ) $1 00 a bar  there is milk choc,dark choc,choc truffle,choc mint,caramel,caramel nut,peanut butter meltaway,english toffee,any help would be appreciated"
is still feeling like crud   is hoping the kids are finally done puking for more than a few hours   and i am freezing my ass off in the frozen tundra of the u p 
"is finally feeling better   thinks all the children are finally over being sick   wondering what to do with her son, who decided to shit in the closet this morning   and is still freezing in the frickin frozen artic of the u p "
"has showered and gotten dressed   been shopping   been to the casino so the boys could see papa at work   ran errands   read the paper    what the hell else is there to do besides freeze my ass off in this house, yes i said house not outside   "
is in so much frickin pain   
"is having surgery on wednesday   am actually looking forward to it, then maybe i can get rid of all this fuckin pain that i am in     that's the plan anyways   "
"well my surgery went well on wednesday   doc fixed me up and it wasn't as bad as i thought so he didn't have to remove anything, lets just hope it fixed all the damn pain   i'm not feeling too bad right now, although i am pretty drugged up still   i have a horrible cough which hurts my entire stomach and chest like hell   my kids still won't come near me because they are afraid of hurting me "
"is tired    so very, very tired "
"has bowling tonight   damn dr  never got back to me, so i have no idea if i am on a weight restriction or if i can bowl   what to do, oh what to do   do i just use a 10lb ball so i'm covered by the weight restriction if there is one???"
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair)"
thanks you everyone for all the birthday wishes
"is in total shock   shawn (one of my 5yr olds) bowled a 103 today in bowling   his average is a 22! he's only been bowling for about 5 months now   did i mention he just turned 5 and has a 22 average???  wtf? lol  i am very proud of him, but still very much in shock    "
is listening to spongebob while getting the twins ready for school     then it's off to appointments and crap while they are in school    fun fun fun   
"is so frickin tired    i have been up all night   and damn it, it wasn't even because i was having fun   i just couldn't sleep   just lied there awake with my brain going crazy all night with stupid random useless shit popping in and out of it   just wouldn't shut off so i could seep   grrrrrr"
"it's 80 degrees outside   the sun is shining, birds are chirping   and my damn kids are sitting in the basement playing the video games     what's wrong with this picture??"
ok where the hell did my sunshine go and where did this frickin downpour come from?  and wouldn't ya know it   now the kids put the wii away and go outside to play   
"is trying to understand the cruelty of the world and how such good people can be taken from us   rest in peace lisa   you were an incredible person, great friend and mother and will be missed dearly   my thoughts will be with your kids and family "
is in the sault with the boys visiting mom and dad till next saturday   call or text me if you want to <propfemale> out or stop by my parents house    
just came inside from enjoying a very relaxing fire in the backyard   
is going to go out back to relax by the fire    i love summer time   
farmville friends please go to my profile and click the link to help me e playful and to make room for more cows   thanks
bored    so frickin bored     
"just got home from date nite with the hubby   left all the romance and glam behind, went out for pizza and played mini golf then hit the batting cages   and call me crazy, but i had a great time!"
8 more days    
5 days and counting    
finally home from the hospital and all settled in with brandon   spent night in er and then he was admitted with a really bad broken arm that had to be reset before they could cast it    very very long night and day   
getting <propmale> ready for school
frontierville friends i am in need of lots of ribbon to create presents to complete the holiday decoratin' mission    if you could send ribbon i would greatly appreciate it   thanks!!!
getting ready to hit the road to see the family in the <propfemale>   if anyone wants to get together leave me a message or call txt me  906-748-1242
watching a movie   bored   and tired    
"could my frontierville friends please hire me to help out, i am in need of lots of tools    thanks!!!"
frontierville friends please help   i am in need of 8 more sets of tools to be able to complete the vendettas and varmits ii mission   thanks!!!
please hire me on frontierville   i need tools!!  thanks!!!
please help   i need tools on frontierville   thanks!!
frontierville friends   please help   i need 11 more tools to finish my current missions   i would love to be hired if you can   thanks!!!
"please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass  people who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many  there is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass, except a foot up their ass  please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they probably need a foot up their ass "
happy 6th birthday <propfirst> & <propfirst>! i love you boys   
snow days should be banned!!  these dang kids are so frickin loud and annoying today   
feels so helpless and alone right now   
