c912954baf0bd2bd70220f446e5137d5
"time is up    now i must, once again, work for my pay "
wowza that was a shaker    i hope all of you are good 
"cruzin' smooth     thank you car salesman of the year!! huge weight off my back  now, for a nice n easy weekend  3 cheers for relaxation"
let's do it with love    you inspired me today m j 
"got some of my energy back yay! now, i gotta get on my body and money grind   get 'em!!!!"
"damn colbie, didn't know you got it like that   had fun with hart and all my loves last night"
"do not get discouraged with life, for the power is in you to change it "
live gently and remember to smile 
"hmmmmmm    the universe sure told me something, but what does it all mean?"
"smile  just smile and the world will seem brighter  even if it is only a bit brighter, or for only a short while, that moment was made a little better "
"a change in the collective does not happen \until the change happens in the individual  the individuals make up \the collective  this is why we are here  we are looking at the \collective insanity and seeing how it works, and that is the first \step in liberation "
less than 3 weeks of school? that kinda went crazy fast whippy style    
"school is almost done    i'm so excited but a bit sad too this will be a much needed break, although, i will miss all who won't be returning next year "
wants to go to the <propfemale> concert so badly     
happy birthday to my little cry baby <propfemale>    six years strong  get 'em girl!
celtic came and played their best     they still lost! all you laker haters can't creep forever  that's what happens when you don't keep it at home 
"damn, i thought i could rock the slippahs while playing basketball    rolled ankle said no ma'am  island style rejected "
"i like-a like-a cookie!!! oh, starting to miss the kids "
you're not my uncle
hold onto something    its about to get cold in here  grab a jacket before taking hold of that something you were gonna grab on to 
"had a good 4th with the fam and saw a few long lost adoptees  vacation is officially over  now, its time to get right; get it tight  haha let's get this, hookuh"
alert! watch out for oncoming trucks kickin' rocks all over your face through an open window 
"had fun at the river faught against treacherous rapids, visited narnia and vampire walked out of the water just in time for work talk about putin' in some work "
"you know gym, i really appreciate what you do for me but your insides are cold, hard and unwelcoming  i'm ditching you for yoga; a much more gentle soul "
"never wants to hear the damn abc song again  i'm glad you got that down <propmale>, but honestly, do you have to hum it 57 times? i love that proud grin though "
j-boogie was absolutely incredible and katchafire got down too    and we did it all v i p  how many vips do you know? the wedding was good too smile 
feeling confused and a bit like i'm getting the shaft  thank you state cut-backs!
"woke up with a smile, the trees are getting a drink outside, and the annex re-opens today  its about the little things really "
"as i watch others pass by i wonder, if a few illuminated people can change the world so dramatically, what would it be like if we each took notice to the grand, innate power that lives within each of us? imagine if we each gave first and e playful ected never, or loved first and mistrusted never, or saw connectedness instead of division  what if we each came to realize the true possibility of all?"
feeling more centered  funny how a bit of illumination can put you at ease 
is so blessed to be surrounded by some of the most beautiful beings each day  i learned so much from everyone today  thank you for all the shared wisdom 
blood stained eclipse is phenomenal 
when life gives you lemons    squirt them in the eyes of all who do you wrong
"i have a little over 2 weeks to find a place to live, without savings whaaa whaa  illumination shines on some wicked truths, but atleast i'm not in the dark now"
"just like moons and like suns, with the certainty of tides, just like hopes springing high, still i rise "
"what is a friend, but a cooling of strife and a wiping of the brow "
"past what i thought to be true, becomes seen even more than i knew  love exists here and there  love exists now and then  love exists within, but never without  somehow, whether life is lit or cast in shadow, the grace of god is revealed  a divine comforting presence fights through the mind to inevitably settle back within the soul "
"hollows create emptiness, but within these holes of the soul, a space is kept for growth "
watch zeitgeist: addendum! it will shatter your perceived reality and fill that empty space with the truth  it was one of the most enlightening 2 hours 
"yay! i'm alone tonight  i love my family, but wow am i happy to hear my own breath "
