b4c82976113d79460af37b313f798528
"oh man, another long week"
"is in love with a <propfemale>, squishy little man   that's a first  smile "
thinks july is gonna be pretty awesome
is just enjoying the day  
wondering why it's so dark outside at 8am  
has a busy day ahead   bum bum bum
"is back to work   don't be jealous, people "
"hmm    i always thought it was \haulin' oats\"" not \""hall & oats \"" dumb dumb dumb  """
is ready to go home and relax  
had to dispose of a dead cat this morning   its true what they say about things getting stiff   gross   poor fluffy  
is contemplating the need for coffee this morning  
is so angry i could spit 
"is adding a little mystery to her life    look out world, here comes the new and myterious <propfemale>    <propfemale> da!"
"loves wearing gym shorts to the office   talk about casual friday, <propfemale>   geez <propfemale>!"
is leaving for a 22 hour car ride with my parents    jealous?
"is back in boston, missin' michigan a bit   "
is heading out with the girls for a bit  smile 
is ready to be out of work   ac broken and <propfemale> is thinning quickly   
is it the weekend yet???
is gonna stop and smell the flowers today  smile 
saw a man's bum while he was peeing on the side of 95 today   that woke me up  smile 
"is so pumped!! my baby got in!! good job, <propfemale> asci!!!"
has a weird feeling something great is gonna happen today    smile 
is going to found a college called the <propfemale> school where we consider interesting trades for payment and where you're graded by how much fun you're having   
is ready for the weekend! going to laugh my butt off with the girls tonight at pure then who knows  smile 
"is back to the office   ahh, the life of an almost-adult  "
is workin' for the weekend!
"  work, gym, studying   whoopie  "
"could worry about it, but there really isn't any point "
is missing her bffl and looking forward to this weekend!
has two days of work left until her birthday weekend in the white mountains!
is just looking forward to the weekend and ignoring the rest!
is celebrating her 23rd birthday in the white mountains with her lady    fun fun fun  smile 
needs to focus on this crazy long day and not think about tomorrow   goddamn it 
"goodbye penna  you were a really good dog, i'm really going to miss you "
"is finishing some paperwork at the office then heading to the home state   rather be in bed with a certain someone   no, not you   yea, you in the back  smile "
is finishing some stuff at the office then heading off to be the best <propfemale> a girl can be  smile 
is at the office for 11 hours today    jealous?? thought so 
   ready for some magic to happen   
is watching dirty dancing and missing <propfirst>
"   ladies, ladies everywhere -- and not a drop to drink   "
is finally tired enough for bed again   thank you to my extra drunk lady friends  smile 
is up finally   11:45am!! off to the gym then chillin' with a super sexy lady  smile 
is doing the homework thing  smile 
is making chocolate chip cookies and reading about social work supervision  smile 
"  ahh, someone come and save me from school work!!"
"is going to bed early, thanks to someone keeping me up late   g'night, loves"
"  when there's a beautiful girl in your bed, do you leave her for the office at 6am?  damn it, <propfemale>, no   the correct answer is always no  smile "
"is so fed up with umass   grrr, i need to move back to maine -- the way life should be!"
"forgot she cleaned the shower and slipped into the wall   ouch, going to bed  sad "
"is at the office for a bit, then volenteering at the shelter, then cemented to her computer by 7 smile 0pm -- mucho homework due tomorrow   i have <propmale> senoritis   distractions are invited & welcome  smile "
"is playing with her pussies   at the animal shelter  smile   back to hit the books soon, txt the cell to distract me  smile "
is hitting the homework   bum bum bum
"is off to bed, can't wait to escape this weekend  smile "
"   office for a bit, then teaching  txt the cell  smile "
guesses that it's worth it to break up with someone if you gain an amazing best friend  
doesn't really know how to feel  bedtime 
"is adjusting but happy it's almost the weekend   welcome to boston, cousin <propfemale>!"
had some messed up dreams last night   whoa  
feels like she has monkeys hanging from her eye lids    so heavy!
wants things to go back to normal 
is at the office for a bit then off to teach my favorite students  smile 
"has a couple more hours at the office, then trying to get my head on straight again before drinks with colie (messy apartment, bad <propfemale>  )"
is at the office for a bit then home for r & r  
*sigh* until next week  
needs a nap like whoa!
"is working on being cooler today   *big sigh* good luck, soph"
feels like a pirate in this shirt    arrrgggg  
*sigh*
forgot her cell phone at home today   whoops
*double sigh*
"is feeling less poorly, eating soup   hopefully back to the office tomorrow "
"is at the office then heading straight home for homework & cocoa   its the cool thing to do, kids  smile "
is stuck under a mountain of homework   would rather be stuck under your mum  smile 
"thinks \hump day\"" is seriously overrated   off to teach again  smile """
is at the office then off to the doctors to go under the knife   eek!
is loving this weekend  smile 
loves rainy sundays cuddled up in bed  smile 
"*sigh* gonna be a long one today   (that's what she said) text the cell & keep me awake, loves  smile "
"--rest in peace, <propfemale> weisthal  we all love you so much --"
*big yawns* at the office til 4
is hopping on the homework train   choo choo
"at the office for a few hours then off to teach, txt the cell  smile "
can't wait for this weekend  smile 
is feeling lost 
is heading to maine today after a few hours at the office  wahoo! definitely the way life should be   whoever decided that was our state motto was dead on 
"woke up to the most painful <propfirst> horse in the whole world this morning   left calf still hurts like nobody's business   google says bananas help, i've had two so far today  "
"  new fancy office chair: $170, screwdriver to put it together: $4, spinning around in my office until i feel like i'm gonna puke: priceless  "
is a busy gal today -- trying to get all my homework done before heading back to maine on friday   yay for halloween in hallowell  smile 
needs coffee like <propfirst> needs <propmale>   off to the cafe then back to this damn fundraising statement  
"  hi ho, hi ho, its off to class i go   txt the cell"
"is confused   oh well, what else is new  "
finishing up a few things at the office then heading home to hallowell  smile 
is already looking forward to next weekend   four days then back to maine!
"is dead tired, loads to do today   yuck "
has mentally checked out for the week  
"is going to invest in a cute suede type outfit, move to the jungle, to make friends with gorillas and live in a tree   i hear its lovely this time of year  "
"is off to maine today, thank goodness  smile "
"wants to move to australia, get a flock of sheep and tend to them"
is action packed with homework to do    bummer  
"is at the office for a bit, then off to teach and pick up my home girl  smile "
"is sitting in the most boring class in the entire world   literally, no lie  then going to pick up ari, my sleepy traveler "
"thinks she has a cold   darn it, feeling like a big bucket of yuck  sad "
hates bad news 
"is enjoying her last day in maine, hoping this cold stays away   ahh-choo"
is sick    again 
thinks senioritous is much more painful the third time round!!
is in the most boring class in the world   it's true  
has the sniffles again  damn it 
"super long day at the office, then home for some much needed sleep!"
"  but lord knows that this world is cruel and i ain't the lord, no i'm just a fool - learning loving somebody don't make them love you  "
is happy  smile 
"  you don't need to change a thing  i'm telling you, from where i sit, you're one of a kind  relationships, i don’t know why, they never work out and they make you cry, but the guy that says goodbye to you is out of his mind  "
"  i just want to take you out and get you drunk so i can have my wicked way with you  i’m just being honest cause i know the other guys are thinking just the same way, too  "
is confused   again   checking out a few apartments then out for a much needed drink with a pretty girl  wink 
"is kinda bummin'   need a time machine, some cocoa and my mum - stat!"
"is working overtime at the office   lame, hopefully home by 10  sad "
"   so many things i want to say, you know i like my girls a little bit older   "
"   oh, you probably won’t remember me, it’s probably ancient history  i’m one of the chosen few who went ahead and fell for you  i’m out of hope, i’m out of touch, i fell too fast, i feel too much  i thought that you might have some advice to give on how to be insensitive   "
coughed while trying soymilk   now everything smells like feet 
is trying to finish some work before the office christmas party
cough cough   gross  sad 
"  and i know what it's like to just kiss someone and make them fall in love with you, and then you walk away  to just make somebody come a little closer so you can push them away  "
is excited for 2010!
"okay, change of plans, i guess   not moving to maine afterall   "
"needs sleep like oxygen right now, so tired!"
is busy planning an amazing roadtrip  smile 
"work, classes   blah, want to be back in maine with my bff!"
"is at the library doing homework   ugh, graduation needs to hurry up!"
is dead tired 
"finishing up stuff at the office then heading up to maine, the way life should be  smile "
"ick, is it monday again?"
"can't wait to see her wonderful, mechanic boyfriend this weekend   (sucking up)   maybe he'll fix my car  smile "
"is finishing up at the office and driving to canada   hey, roadtrip  smile "
"is running around the office like a crazy person   ahh, mondays  skipping class to go home and give myself a lobotomy!"
"is going to buy a dozen sheep, move to the midwest, become a shepard and tend to my flock    much better than trying to finish graduate school   "
"head cold? check  spilled coffee down my front? check  tripped on my own foot at the gym? check  yep, its a monday alright  smile "
wants to spend the whole day playing outside with her bff jembe!
is ready for maine this weekend!
is driving to maine today to <propfemale> out with my family and my fella  smile 
is going to be productive today!
is super excited for cupcakes and the rustic overtones this weekend!
73 days until graduation?!? senoritis the third time around is killing me!
thinks that mondays should be cancelled from now on    just sunday right into tuesday  
is struggling through the last 34 days of grad school
is super excited about the brew fest with my fella this weekend  smile 
is tired 
"focus, <propfemale>, focus!"
"it makes you wonder    when a teacher assigns a 30 <propfemale> research paper, do they actually read the whole thing? i think we all know the truth  "
is action packed with stress! only one week left!
is getting ready to lay some knowledge down during the class presentation tonight  
is hauling ass to finish these last five assignments before next week!
"still has two papers to finish    not cool, kool aid!"
four days til graduation!
"is finishing some work at the office before maine descends on boston -- a boyfriend, two parents and a bff all in one day? that sounds like a party to me  smile "
is so glad my girls caught me sleeping at graduation on camera    smile 
"is busy finishing up plans for the cross country road trip!! just 16 days in between me, my man and a whole lotta highway  smile "
"is sending all her happy thoughts to the best friend in the whole world! (don't worry, babe, this won't last forever!)"
summer reading suggestion: the rug merchant by <propfemale> mullins - could hardly put it down!
is taking the summer changes in her stride - michigan here i come  smile 
"is neutral about today, but excited for tomorrow  smile "
is pumped about driving off into the midwest on wednesday!
has nothing standing between her and the open road except a mountain of office work!
   canada new york michigan here i come!
is loving vacation!
"lost my phone in a lake when my adorable cousin shoved me in - so, text me your number if you think i need it  off to maine in the morning!!"
is chilling in hallowell for a few days  smile 
hasn't even sunk to a new low   i slammed my ass into it   ouch!
is heading back to boston   vacation is officially over in 24 hours
is climbing through mountains of paperwork at the office   
is recovering slowly from a fantastic weekend    smile 
"is up to her ears in patient phone calls at the office   gross, then off to sign the lease with the girls  smile "
"is ready for a quiet night in tonight - thai food, a foreign flick and <propmale>, the greatest cat in the world!"
"is having a super domestic day   grocery, laundry, paying bills   i cleaned windows today!"
had a kick butt run this morning   ready for the week  smile 
is achieving the impossible at work today    just call me super secretary!!
"has anyone else ever noticed how kaski cereal and granola bars kind of taste like low sugar, all natural poo?"
all roads lead to hallowell  smile 
is making jam with mum and doing some laundry   lazy weekend in maine  smile 
is enjoying a cup of tea before the rush of the day starts at this crazy officina  smile 
is feeling crumby  sad 
really misses her bed this morning
feels obligated to stay in bed all day to get better   lame
"is at the officina til 5, then it's definitely off to margaritaville  smile "
"rolled her silly ankle trying to be a graceful antelope   note to self, do not imitate wildlife while intoxicated  "
"ahhh -- the social worker just called and they found me a little sister!! i am so excited -- look out world, <propfemale>'s a mentor  smile "
"just ordered books for fall semester   with titles like \meeting the challenges of chronic illness\"" how could this program not be a breeze? fml"""
is distracted from work with a serious <propfemale> to sunbath  smile 
"ouch, which hurts more - my head or my pride?"
"we may only have tonight, but till the morning sun you're mine all mine  play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love  wink "
"is camping in acadia national park with my girl <propfemale> for the weekend   she thinks we're camping, but i just plan on sunbathing the whole time   shhh - don't tell  smile "
just woke up from the best nap ever   heading back to boston  smile 
"just another manic monday, wish it was sunday  smile "
somehow got grapefruit soap all over the bathroom floor   now everything's slippery and smells like florida
"feels like a skydiver who forgot their parachute two seconds too late   i'm free falling, i know its bad for me and i have no way to save myself  "
   and crash landing
"is off to the gym, running errands and packing   being a responsible adult for the day  lame "
"wants to help the homeless man outside of my office, but i don't want to get stabbed with a hypodermic needle  "
"  guess i'm not as much of city girl as i thought, kinda homesick  maine in three days  smile "
"is at the office, going to meet my new little sister and then out for drinks with the girls, happy wednesday  smile "
"has her big, fat cat at the officina with her til 5, then finally home to maine  smile "
"  off to maine for what my mum thinks is my 25 birthday weekend   good job, mum  smile \\3 hours in the car   gross!"
"thanks for the birthday wishes, guys   think its going to be a really good year  wink "
"  let's sell all our shit and run away to sail the ocean blue, then you'll know my heart is true  love "
"-- moving day --\\<propfemale> driving through boston at night in a 20' uhaul & an affinity for danger? so many things wrong with that plan  smile "
"  in a coffee shop in a city, which is every coffee shop in every city   on a day which is every day   i picked up a magazine, which is every magazine   read a story and then forgot it right away  "
"is blissfully happy, spending the weekend with the most amazing man in the world, short of my father and <propmale> mandela  "
is 'nut up or shut up' an appropriate wedding theme?  smile 
"new wedding date is set: august 27th, 2011   everybody get excited  smile "
is going to be very domestic today and finally finish unpacking!! been there a week and i still can't see my floor!
new tattoo after work tonight then sara jo - make me clean my gd room! i would love to see the floor before christmas  smile 
"is being a busy <propfemale> at the office today then heading up to maine for the weekend, fingers crossed we find the right venue for the wedding    love "
"thinks that <propfirst>'s bridal made me catch the flu!\\but at least i found the dress! hip hip hooray!"
had an amazing weekend  smile 
had to buy a dorky gamer headset for her online class discussions   don't think i can go back to that staples again  
thinks that people who aren't perfect should shut their face before i shut it for them   grrrrrrr
is hitting the books   grad school 2nd time around is kicking my bum  
has lofty goals for today   let's see how that goes 
"  yours is the first face that i saw, i think i was blind before i met you  now i don’t know where i am, i don’t know where i’ve been but i know where i want to go  "
is busy studying her ass off!
"has a giant to do list with a lot of giant to do's    speaking of giant   miss you, baby  wink "
meh  
is it thursday night yet?  smile 
12 hours  love 
"just another manic monday, i guess  "
"  10 days until i'm living back in maine for keeps, good times  smile "
needs chocolate  smile 
is going home to organize the crap out of her life!
"girl meets boy  girl gets engaged to boy  girl relocates within a few months to maine  girl moves in with boy   across the street from her parents  its a classic love story  smile \\last day in mass!"
"  for the first time in my life, procrastination does not seem like it was the smartest move  "
is working hard then heading home for an evening with my fella   did i just write the next <propfemale> parton song? i think so  
not impressed!
"hands up, everyone who will still respect me if i fail out of grad school this time?"
has meetings like whoa today at work and the construction is threating to break through into my office  
feels like she's about 40 today   
"ahhhh, what's worse than having <propfemale> stuck in your head because you heard her on good morning <propfemale>? the fact that i watched some of good morning <propfemale>   \\waiting at the doctor's office shouldn't subject me to pop culture against my will   "
<propfemale> late christmas to everyone  smile 
"how come i own fifty tubes of chapstick, but can never find one when i need one? one of life's great mysteries, i guess   "
working my bum off at la officina   dull day but at least i have <propfemale> for a secretary all week!!
is in a curl up with a good book and some cocoa mood  
home home on the range  
snow day - love being able to work from home   i heart goodwill!
the real world is attacking me with grown up responsibilities!
"i hope the same people who are trying to cut funding from mnpb accidently slip on the ice and get amnesia, so maybe tomorrow they forget to be assholes "
going to work from home today   190 days 'til i get married!!
