300b82d16cd124848ad6982d24345e12
"wow, i really don't sign in to facebook as much as i should  thanks for all the birthday wishes  www myspace com thediaryofashley"
"<propfemale> <propfirst> - \happy\"""""
trying to update my facebook profile via cell phone    not working too well    but im about to get dressed and find something to do or go out a little later
don't dislike me; get like me  smile 
don't dislike me; get like me  tricks & haters only get mad when they figure out that they can't top my success  its not my fault i was created to be the best http annoyed  thefashionmimic webs com
chillin' with the cousins
"blah, blah, blah"
"so, i was trying to update my myspace and whatnot and i ended up erasing my whole profile    fml    really? it took me a long time to fix the <propfemale> up and now i have to do it all over again    omg!     well at least i had a good day today    missing <propfirst>!"
"when i discipline myself to eat properly, live morally, exercise regularly, grow mentally and spiritually, and not put any drugs or alcohol in my body, i have given myself the freedom to be at my best, perform at my best, and reap all the rewards that go along with it"
"thought of the day: \the world didnt give it to me  and the world can't take it away  to god be the glory\"" i have to constantly remind these low-life's that they cant take anything from me  and at the same time i need to keep in mind that the world owes me nothing """
"\everyday is a day of thanksgiving  god has been so good to me  everyday he's blessing me \"""""
"if you judge ppl a whole lot & you're not getting paid for this occupation, then you're not a critic, you're a hater  9 times out of 10 a hater will never admit they're hating  & for an added note    if you begin a sentence with \i aint hating but_____\"" then you're hating!"""
"why are we willing to risk our lives for some things and not others? because it's easier to trust in things rather than people  read more of what i have to say here: http annoyed  fashioncantbetamed webs com click on \blah blah blah\"" blog!"""
"another great feeling in the world is not only falling in love, but falling out of love with someone who never really loved you "
faith is trusting in god even though you don't understand the situation you're in  god allows us to go through a struggle so that we can learn to depend
on him and build our faith 
take the time to do it right cause you may not get the time to do it over  one day your life will flash before your eyes    make sure its worth watching
ugh! why is my little sis dressed like me? (red&black)  she knows i like to be different and stand out from the rest    heading to church    flattered  wink 
just thinking   
"waiting on my mama to come pick me up so i can go to one of my favorite stores (rainbows)  i think i might buy a dress, shirt&leggings, or some cute sandles    dont know yet    bored and tired at the moment!"
its funny how this person keeps checking up on my status and everything else i'm doing and then wanna be bold and comment on how i'm living my life  trick please! step your game up and play catch up cause you're the main one tryna do me  copycats  woooo    these females amuse me  wink 
"god never cease to amaze me    after a good cry and a long talk with him, my world seems a whole lot brighter and all of a sudden, i have more to look forward to than i did before  god is truely my best friend    to the end  smile "
"sorry, but i just got to clear up these rumors  no, he's not my boyfriend    he's just my sponsor  wink "
"taking the time out to think    shhh, don't disturb me"
ugh - so much on my mind!
"there comes a time when you just have to accept the situation for what it is, move on and say \eff it!\"" life slows down for no one  i'm moving forward """
"ugh! i think i'm getting sick    cold fever or whatever you are    please go away! anyways, sitting in bed watching fashion and makeup videos on youtube     oh shh, pretty little liars is on and make it or break it comes on next  wow, this is really how i spend my tuesdays? lol "
"even though you're a million <propmale> away, we still think alike  the way these haters talk about me makes me want to fight  but then i hear your voice and all of a sudden i feel alright  may you rest in peace during the storm, here's a *kiss* and a g'night "
"they say, 'never judge a book by its cover' but isnt the cover trying to sell you the book? so, girls: your dresses should be tight enough to show you're a woman and loose enough to show you're a lady  always dress the way you want to be addressed"
"whew! <propfirst> was a handful this weekend  such an active little 2yr old  and because of him, i dont want to have kids anytime soon    he's all i can handle right now  anyways,these last couple days has been hectic    i'm tired and    zzzzzzz  sad  hollerrr"
"been packing all day; i really dont care where i go    as long as i'm safe and its nowhere near where i am now   tired, but still so much cleaning to do    i really dont feel like getting dress for bible study tonight    i might just wild out tonight    who knows?"
shopping day    well everyday is shopping day for me! lol  wink  i'm look for a cute half jacket and zgirl getting her a late bday gift    most likely some more hooker heels    haha 
we're finally here! i'm going to enjoy this sweet escape   
"i wish memphis had a store called no clothes like hot springs, ark  they had the cutest accessories  i bought some rings, they was like $1 95  i usually pay $10 and up for mine    but anyways, i'm about to hit up the mall with my sisters and mama    & txting my fave cousin, <propfemale>    love her  smile "
"i'm feeling \friend sick\""     i miss having real friends & real family  what happened to the those days when people said \""i love you\"" and really meant it?? or what about when they said they'd \""always be there\"" or when they convinced you that they \""understand where you're coming from\"" i don't see the real thing out there anymore  everybody just loves taking me to hell and back  why?"""
"rise and grind! what i want? a successful online clothing store, two in-mall stores, a feature in seventeen, nylon, etc   , a bestseller (novel), and a business degree    (www twitter com foreverashleyj)"
rise and grind!
"dear me, \you are a haters' obsession; always remember that! you have every right to be conceited because haters give you a reason to be  the only taste of success they get is when they put you down  you're the ish and that's why they're mad  oh, well \sincerly, me"
too young to be serious  i'm not ready for love   
"stressed, but still blessed   "
"it's goin' down - basement \friday the 13th, guess who's playin' <propfirst> \tuck yourself in, you better hold on to ya <propmale> \it's nightmare on elm street and guess who's playin' <propmale>"
"\just the way you are\"" by <propmale> mars   """
"did she just        ?? oh heeellll naw, hold my earrings          "
"god keeps doing great things for me    just when im about to give up, and every time i get discouraged, he steps in and show out  right on time! mood: blessed  smile "
crashed the earth solo so dont e playful ect me to be sad if i leave here the same way i came  what people seem to forget is that i can do bad all by my damn self  i dont have to follow behind somebody else for approval from the world  it is what it is  im just sitting back watching ya'll kiss a**    mood: amused  wink 
http annoyed  theprettygirlcurse blogspot com
\want you to take me like a thief in the night\,300b82d16cd124848ad6982d24345e12,want you to make me feel like im the only girl in the world   
he just made my night    all smiles on my end     smile 
find someone who can find perfection in all your flaws
"why does everyone want their love to be like a movie, when it only lasts 2 hours? #itstheteenlife"
"me? heartless? well i can't help that i choose to wear my heart on my sleeve & not inside where its suppose to be  bipolar mode  i want my goddaddy, <propmale>, baby g , or my sis (whom i miss dearly)! they calm me down and help me sort things out  nightmares  stress  drama  pain  mood swings  fighting  restlessness  ugh! go away      crying  g'night fb"
worked 3 to 7 today  had an effin blast! still trippin off them folks  kinda tired but whatever  i'm bout to activate my visa    so much stuff flowing through my head  hope i remember all the stuff i learned and let my personal life stay outside the job  wooo   !   
cooking dinner    
if you have to read my facebook status to know whats going on in my life    then you must not be a real friend  !
"still kinda tired but got to get ready for work  working 8 to 12 today  i'ma be stranded in cordova until 4, waiting on z  please let me have an easy, calm day #lord"
"well  ! i wasn't stranded in cordova like i thought    instead, i worked an extra 4 hours  all i can say is keep on calling in because im enjoying the hours and i ma enjoy that paycheck even more  ! well, anyways   we headed to pick up kiwi and having a movie night later on (stomp the yard 2)"
"just making it home from work  (12 to 6) got called in today; might get called in tomorrow too  ! craving some <propfemale> la juicy by juicy couture    smells too good  ! anyways, i'm bout to be working two jobs  ! i'm all about money right now  so, uhh, bout to get my hair done   holla fb  !"
getting ready for church  all black everything   
too early to be going to work  ! ugh 
bout to head over <propfemale> <propmale> house  been in cordova too long  i'm so tired and ready to go home    now you know i'm tired when i say i'm ready to go home    haha    shoutouts to my favorite cousin in the world (<propfemale> soanti <propmale>) and shoutout to <propfemale> cause its her effin birthday  ! i'm out for now fb   
"i'm so effin tired  ! i worked nine hours today  ! all i know is that i better have one big check come friday and next friday    i'm so hungry  but, heading home  ready to hit up the mall this weekend  i need a shopping <propmale>  ! who's down?"
"there are people in the world that hate me, dislike me, talk about me, envy me, want to fight me, but idgaf cause they dont make me   ! its whatever with me  born a fighter and i'll die one    mood: amused"
on my way to work  got my new phone so inbox me your number  !
omg    im bout to pass out    very tired   !
"omg, im soooo tired  ! i worked nine hours today  exausted aint even the word to e playful lain this feeling   "
"get urself together    dnt hate; jealousy is the ugliest trait  i can talk about it cause i know tht i’m pretty  if u know it too then ladies sing it wit me    all eyes on me <propfemale> i walk in, no question tht this girls' a 10  dnt hate me cause i’m beautiful  my walk, my talk, the way i dress   it’s not my fault so please dnt trip  dnt hate me cause i’m beautiful    doing the pretty girl rock rock rock    ayyyee  !"
goooosh    got a lot on my mind but trying to distract myself from these thoughts and how tired i am    then on top of that i got to work about 20 hours this weekend    there goes my friday and saturday   
"man, i hope im off on the 30th or 31st    i got invited to 4 parties and i really wanna go  what should i be for halloween  ? need to get out   tired or not tired  "
"laying in bed txtin' my ppl   feels so good to finally catch up with the besties  looking forward to going out next weekend  i need to go shop for a costume for <propfirst> h's halloween bash  ! anyways, i got serious money to be calculating so let me get to it  ttyl fb  !"
   being pretty is fun!
"tonight it's on - play my song - it's a celebration! i worked a long week & now there is no hesitation  i need a drink or two - make that a few - i ain't waiting  yes, yes i'm grown, & you know i got no time for wasting  gonna 4get my troubles, cause it's a special night  not gonna stress on nothin, i'm feelin quite alright  almos my birthday baby, so come & <propmale> my wish  throw me a private party   vip in this b*  !"
today was     smile 
"today is my muthaflippin' birthday! thanks for all the wall comments on facebook wishing me a happy bday & for the all the 12am phone calls and text messages   my favorite!! but why is it raining on my birthday & why do i have to work for eight hours on my birthday?? wtf    geeeeee, thanks kohls! **sarcasm is one of my greatest talents** over 82 ppl on fb wished me a hbd but i dnt see their wall post on my page  ugh!"
"happy birthday to my two grown & sexy lil sisters: lakeva lashun <propmale> & <propfemale> triniece <propmale>  ! also, hbd to my big cousin duke  ! hope yall have many more to come  kinda sad i didnt get to do anything for my own birthday, but    im thinkin bout staying at the embassy suites next weekend and getting my hair and nails done    you know    got stay fancy  wink "
"so much on my agenda today  its sooo crazy, but all worth it in the end  im so proud of myself for the decisions i have made in my life  you'll see what i mean soon within the next 9months    xoxo"
cant leave these bad habits alone  wink 
"just making it home from work   i know!   bout to lay down and watch the nanny on <propmale> @ nite    or is <propfirst> lopez on already?? hmmm    anyways! i have 42 messages in my inbox but somehow, facebook wont let me read them   ugh!    sooo i guess i'll do a few \why    whats up\"" then off to bed so i can be ready for another 8hrs @ kohls    blah"""
work was eventful  smile  still lmao at <propfirst> <propfemale> (my asian mommy)  ! anywho   cant wait till payday   it sucks being broke as hell even when you got a job   smh
just making it home from work   ugh  ! oh my effin gosh  ! im soooo tired but thats nothing new    well let me lay it down and get some rest for about two or three hrs before i hop back up out the bed at 4am to get ready for work at 6am    ugh    bye   
"\sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me\"" -  wink """
"life's too short to be sittin' round miserable  people gon' talk whether you doing bad or good  so i'm living with no worrys and no regrets  so, cheers to the freakin' weekend  i drink to that   "
"eenie, meenie, minie, mo  catch a playa by the toe  if ya want to let him go, ladies don't worry cause they got plenty more  they be falling like the rain so we aint running out  it's raining men so what you worried about    on to the next one   "
"\first you need to know that im a 2 x 5   so set your standards lower cause you aiming too high\"""""
tired of ppl keep pressurin me to go to the doctor  i dnt feel the need to  all they do is make a list of bad news for you & put you on every type of meds they can think of  i just cant handle hearin no more bad news about myself or anybody else    heard enough for the year   & glad my godsis is alive  that just goes to show that life is short & ppl can be here one day & gone the next     frowny 
switching up my game   time to play things differently  !
"im living in the future so the presence is my past, my presence is a present so you can kiss my ass   "
"so you see,     men come a dime a dozen so it dont mean nothin to me     and i aint even worried bout you homie cause theres plenty more fish in the sea   "
inspired
"had a loooong day at work today    830am to 520pm    shopping cheered me up    as well as my bf    bought the cutest stuff and cant wait to wear it    well im too tired to do anything else but i gotta eat and then do my hair    ugh! after that, im watching rent!"
that stormie <propfemale> white is the awesomest friend everrr! that is all smile 
"you can’t be pushing up on it, you better work if you want it   "
<propfemale> christmas everybody    and a big bday shoutout to jesus    dont forget the true meaning of this day while you all caught up w  the gifts and food  ! (xmas pics & vids will be uploaded tonight!) let me go finish doing my hair  smile 
uploading pics and videos  smile 
cheers to 2011    i'll drink that  ! i'm feeling unstoppable and i vow to be confident and badd for the rest of my life    me time  !
"getting ready for work  ! ugh, i really do not want to close tonight and tomorrow  !"
finally about to head out shopping   
"in my room, keeping to myself    life is short and random    you never know why bad things happen to the people who do good    just makes no sense at all    staying in tonight    yea   "
"getting my hair done with my mommy    trying to take my mind off things    after this, to the mall    ttyl fb   "
everything *paid* & still had money left over to do some online shopping! cant wait till my dress come forever 21 and my other stuff from wet seal & hush cosmetics    yep!
"why is it that everytime i tell a dude i'm a scorpio they quick to say, \i heard about them scorpios\""  ?"""
"ugh    i do not feel like getting out of bed this early, but i have to    blah! lets see how this day goes   "
just making it home from work! zzzzz    
stormie e  white just stared at mr  <propfirst>'s booty    ewww stormie  ! (lol jk) just had to get you back  !
f frans let me tell youuuu something! i just locked eyes on my manahers bootyq yumyumyummmm! you know how your girl <propfirst> be smile 
sitting in the break room talking to brit a lil bit on my 15    im so bored at the register! ahhh   
ugh  super stressed & unorganized  ! feel like i been running around some of everywhere lately   bout to run up to best buy then come back home & do hair  
just finished a damn near two hour live chat (online class)! ugh  ! it was cool though    now i'm about to go ahead and start on these four assignments that's due on the 13th  ! and don't think it's simple assignments    how bout i got 4 papers to do  ! #fml lol
ugh    tired! got stuck in cordova three hrs longer than necessary!  sitting here tryna eat a late dinner and get warm    just turned in my first fashion assignment  smile    
all smiles  wink 
beautiful day  had an interview with urban outfitters earlier  i think it went well  ugh   the day is just too pretty
best day i've had at work in a long time  !
heading to work with a smile on my face    rare  smile 
