17da4e90aa0aa8ae200497c199198b37
"is doing pretty good  glad my mom came home yesterday from the hospital, so just helping her around the house  currently listening to ipod and enjoying the last of my break   laugh "
i am supertired from the plane ride over from <propfirst>  although i am sad my european adventure is over now  i had so much fun 
i am sad about my europe trip being over  i had so much fun with the sc and montana kids  i just hope we can do another trip together  also i am sad over <propfirst> <propmale>'s death  may he rest in peace and may god bless his family and three kids   love 
"just finished the photo journal at panraven on my europe trip   i still really miss europe  although i am currently trying to find frames for all my <propfirst> <propmale> things for my memory wall   guess now i will go listen to him on my ipod, most likely the "
"booked my dad's trip to buffalo  now putting the finishing touches on my <propfirst> <propmale> memory wall in my room  i am going to put on my ipod and listen to him with my favorite songs like \give in to me\"" \""p y t\"" \""human nature\"" \""dirty diana\"" and so on  oh!"""
"finished my room organizing today and put up my <propfirst> <propmale> memory wall  i am so happy! now i will listen to my favorite songs most likely \ give in to me!\"" yeah!"""
<propfirst> <propmale> memory wall is up and room is beautiful  now i am really tired and going to bed falling asleep to mj  good night ciao <propfemale>!  (still miss europe!)
listening to <propfirst> <propmale> and going to start application process for college  i really miss europe and need to find a way back to <propfemale> 
"is not happy about school schedule coming in today, but will relax  i will start to listen to <propfirst> <propmale> and start scrapbooking my 600 pictures from europe  i need a european vaca  with all the stress of college and school starting soon     "
just got back from the <propfirst> archeluta demi lovato concert with eight year old neighbor  it was fun and i had a great time  now i will head to bed putting on <propfirst> <propmale>!  ciao!
"has busy schedule this weekend annoyed hopping, gym, painting, movie with <propfemale>, scrapbooking, college essay, and of course while all this happens listening to <propfirst> <propmale>! miss him and europe so much   ciao!"
is tired  trying to decide what to do tonight  most likely a movie either <propfirst> <propmale>'s live dangerous tour or something else  i wish i could go to vienna to see the tribute concert 
going to bed with a smile on my face   gotta get up early tomorrow  good night! ciao <propfemale>! aurevoir!
"alrighty! i am seriously confused by certain messages from ppl, but i am excited as well "
is going to go watch twilight tonight and then sleep in     super excited!!!!!! ciao <propfemale>!
just talked to a friend in egypt   even though i think the calling card ran out   lol!
is tired from school and now stupid brother broke wrist during football   great   what's new  we are haudricourt's     always have bad luck  
is in a pretty good mood!!!!
whew   2 many connections  talking to montana and london @ the same time   !
"is happy bc the more ppl u know and talk 2, the more u discover who u really are!"
"just came back from a walk  man it is hot outside, but pretty  guess i am ready for fall to feel a little more of a breeze   "
is happy and tired at the same time  plus sad bc no plans for 2night!!!! yeah!
"is still tired, but  awake enough to do something  now just really bored!"
just finished watching point of life  was pretty good with <propfemale>  <propfirst> and <propmale> crowe  now i dont know what 2 do!
doesn't feel good and is going 2g take a nap  but will stay online!
is listening to xm radio + wonders who in the hll is picking the music  it's terrible  lol!
"doesn't feel good, but apparently it isn't just me  somethings going around  "
has two songs going through my head  one about pokemon and one about some sort of party    i think       this is ridiculous!!!!lol
"is so confused    i feel like i did something wrong,but can't figure it out    i'm clueless!"
i just dont get it   
is feeling a lot better!
is talking to some friends and the jiggly puff song still remains  i hate this!!!!!!!lol!lol!
is up very early   couldn't sleep! alot is on my mind!
"toooooo much  going into overload, shut down mode  lol!"
long day wz up @ 5am   but now wide awake!
doing psychology work and is frankly a little bored this weekend   i need something fun to do or someone to talk to   lol!
is bored  doesn't know what 2 do   lol!
plans just changed tonight   and now has nothing to do    i'm quite bored!lol!
anyone want to go to a paramore concert on october 27th
statistics is driving me crzy!!!!!!!!!!i can't figure out if i am right or wrong         urgh!!!!!!!!!!!!
just finished watching the 1937 version of wuthering heights    it is so bitter sweet  my heart feels for heathclife
"doing everything, but making way for one tree hill!!! i'm becoming an addict!!!lol!"
"finished watching one tree hill  it was when peyton and <propmale> get married  it was so sweet, but left off with a <propmale> hanger  i'm n aww   well going to go to sleep and sleep on it   lol! ciao!"
i need a new hobby or something to be obsessed about  it's so boring!!!
lol! i looked up to see how many <propfemale> haudricourt's in the world there were and guess what! there's only one me!!!lol! typical!!!
"just finished watching the duchess  amazing movie, of course i always get emotional  it is based on a true story "
is awake and bored  have nothing to do this weekend 
just got the new <propfemale> movie tickets for the midnight showing!!! yeah!!!!
very bored                                                                                   
the only thing i can do is watch movies and listen to songs that describe my mood right now  lol! you'd think this weekend wld be more exciting 
is very bored this weekend and need something to do!
needs suggestions on what to do   !
"is extremely, out of her mind, bored!"
became so bored that i created the <propfemale> ingles pig tails with my own hair  it is quite funny and a big amusmant to my family   lol! (i look like i'm three) lol!
"misses alot of ppl and wld like to travel to see them  songs remind you of them  like the goo goo dolls who r from buffalo, ny like me   i miss my fam "
"i'm online, but not online  lol  so txt or call if u want to talk  will be going back to sleep in a minute  wz up early   lol"
kinda bored and lonely 
"idk what to thnk anymore  i am becoming so confused w ppl  besides that my status is bored, comme ce, comme ca  and kinda lonely  lol"
"has a wicked headache, probably from the things i can't stop thinking about  "
good nite  all    mght be on tomorrow 9909 or might not  probaly not  so see u soon lol
just got a new phone!!! is feeling better  and is very excited to see <propfemale> tomorrow!!! (but not excited about act)  lol
having fun at <propfemale>'s house!!!!
just got up from a 3 hr nap  wz busy day w paper  i had so much fun w <propfemale> last night!!! now getting ready to watch the vma's  ciao!
omg!!! the new <propfemale> trailer 3 looks awesome   i am so glad i got the midnight tickets for nov  20!!!lol! (the mj tribute wz really great too!) vma's are awesome    !
"is tired of not speaking her mind just to spare someone elses feelings when they r not sparing mine   its not good for me to hold all these things in, and its going to make me burst  so i'm giving in and if u don't like it well fine then  it's like <propfemale> says, \ ive come this far in life with out you and i can keep going with or without u!"""
"why am i always the one getting hurt  really i am always the good friends who will do anything for them, but nothing seems to come in return  so this is why i am particular about friends, and don't consider having any such thing as a best friend   unless u count my seven furry four legged friends, bc they will love u unconditionaly no matter what!"
is in a pretty good mood  this week is going great work wise  let's hope the social status improves    plz god!!!lol!
"accept what life gives u, bc it isn't always great  these e playful eriences are shaping me to the person i want to be  i can hold my own and i will remain strong, for something good will come in the future for me and it is what i look forward to the most, what life will give me    "
a song's lyrics can describe yr soul 
missing  alot of ppl right now! is going to try to settle and calm down for awhile and take my mind off some things 
is going to be better  i will give myself some time and treat myself for a change to some things  i do everything for others and now i need to be selfish and enjoy me!!!lol!
very cold today  ive been shivering and twitching    not a good felling whatsoever 
is currently watching v  diaries and very happy!!!(for once this wk)  okay gotta go back then study econ  then early bed    hopefully tomorrow will be a better day and the weekend will follow!
"really tired, but still in a great mood from english ysterday   lol(kate+frank)lol! now is going to wrk on psy,gov, and econ  will hopefully be an okay day!!"
finally finished all the hw  now can relax the rest of the night and all i hv to do tomorrow is study for psy  awesome!!!
"is okay  mom tried to straighten my hair, and omg that is a don't  i am not made to have that straight of hair  my hair is naturally thick for like the winters in buffalo, but not to be that straight  never again   lol!"
"going out later to shop!!!lol! wish though i wz feeling better, these alergies are killing me!"
got back from treating herself to buying five books!!!very excited  now i have to use the rest of my money to purchase graduation supplies   not happy about this   lol
"just retired from reading the books i bought  its so exciting!!! i wish my life was like these stories in these books  i guess i am a true nerd, girl who buys books and on her free time reads nonstop   oh well its what i enjoy!lol"
"is trying to hurry up so i can read my book!!! i want to get lost in a story  despite everything i go through and being sick on top of that   a book will take it all away  i tell you, if nothing else give me book and i will live my life happily!"
"is so completly, irrevocably, intrigied by the book i am reading  i wish i could read all night and never stop  jeez <propfemale> why can't my life be a book or it should  lol "
is going to read 2nite!!!!! i am very happy b c its the only thing exciting me this week  i hate being sick 
studying then occupied from 8 to 11 with new shows!!! v  diaries and grey's anatomy!!!! so exicted  then tomorrow back to my amazing book  i will finish it and then begin the next one 2morrow   happy once i get there!!!
"is really tired  don't know exactly why though  took a nap, but my head is still spinning  lol  going to go read my amazing book tonight  i am going to finish it and begin the next one!!!!yeah!!!!!"
"read five books this week!!!yeah! now is on her sixth, taking a short 15minute break to rest eyes, then going back to reading!!! i'm such a nerd, but i don't care  i love books!!!!lol!"
"is super angry in a way, but still happy     read five books this week and is 100 pages away from finishing the sixth, it has a mystery to it, but the sequel doesn't come out until feb  2010  it is pure agony!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
finished six books this week but still left with the <propmale> hanger  other than that i have a wicked headache and is about to try to sleep it off  its got to go away somehow! i hope! lol
just got back from the emergency room and the results aren't good  i spiked a fever of 103 4 and was in the emergency room since 5 smile 0  i won't be going to school for the rest of week to say the least  i really don't feel good 
still has a fever and won't be returning to school tomorrow either 
"won't be @ school tomorrow either, but will be back on monday if all's well  fever is slowly breaking "
"is feeling a little better, now just getting ready to make up all the tests and quizzes i missed  scary thought "
"long day, so much to think about  can't wait to go to sleep!"
wishes something exciting would happen to me 
"a little bored with normal routine, need excitment or something out of the ordinary "
sore throat and wicked headache   is about to go to sleep  hope homecoming is going well for everyone 
"still has sore throat, but hopefully will get better  is going to watch the sabres game a little, then walk to remember  nite ppl!"
"omg! i can not stop singing the new <propfirst> buble song \haven't met you yet\"" it is very catchy and his new cd is very cool!"""
finished watching titanic for film crit  it makes you realize alot of things   sad   well going to bed now preparing for a short wk   yay!
"wishes the sickness would stop   sore throat, coughting  grrr  and now or today i look as if i was sucker punched by <propmale>  i'm a freak!!! it needs to stop    "
"bought \the proposal\"" and is very happy with that  will watch it tomorrow when hv the ability to sleep in the next day    \""why are you wet!\"" lol"""
rough nite 
"watched \the proposal\"" then \""titanic\"" and now has finished writing her film critcism movie review on titanic  i love movies!"""
finished watching the buffalo sabre game! we won! 6-3
"going to minute clinic, then home to watch sabres game!"
"is going to get better within 10 days and found out i'm not crazy! lol! then watched slumdog millionaire on hbo, found out it wasn't all that appealing   "
is refreshed and exhillerated from driving  i feel like i'm in a virtual game when driving  that mite be a bad thing  lol
"going to bed, but before is going to watch desperate housewives and brothers and sisters  nite ppl!"
i really hate statistics    
"is tired fromt the long day yesterday still, stupid statistics  lol  now is studying for psychology then going to watch the <propfirst> <propmale> tribute on dwts  nite ppl "
did a step-class at the ymca  man i am going to be sore  lol  going to bed early now  nite ppl 
is planning a very productive weekend  is gong to watch grey's anatomy now then private practice  yh for grey's!
ooooo   saw 45 second fight seen of italy of new <propfemale>  very excited about movie  i would so marry <propfirst> cullen or rpatz  lol 
"is being very productive today  went this morining for a workout, then to hairstylist to get hair cut, (thank god), and now doing some work  hopefully a good weekend will result lol"
"is watching movies today  kinda bored  should be doing other productive things, but they can wait till later  lol "
"is studying vocab, then going to watch desperate housewives and brothers and sisters!"
got back from zumba and doing dance class  we did the thriller! lol! now studying statistics and gov't wish me luck  lol
i need to get far away from here  family isn't worth it anymore 
is really really cold  just walked in the freezing rain for a mile without a jacket  burrrrrr  lol
really can not wait to get away to college  i'm tired of family  i really want a road trip with friends or something to get away 
is doing better i think than yesterday  i guess everything will eventually will turn out  better go study econ  now   yikes!
"going to see <propfirst> <propmale> film \this is it\"" tomorrow nite!"""
"watching v  diaries  defently different from the books, but very good episodes  now going back to watch grey's anatomy and private practice while studying for econ,anatomy, and english  can you say mulit tasker or what?!"
too much to take in for economics  i just say whatever and wing now  maybe   ornot  lol    jeez <propfemale>
"going to bed, getting ready to bypass the tests tomorrow then @ 8 going to <propfirst> <propmale> film   so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"<propfirst> <propmale> was amazing and very healthy  he is a blessing from up above for us to see such gift in our life time  <propfirst> <propmale> truly is the <propmale> of pop, music, and dance  he will live forever because he is one of kind that truly sparkles and stand out like a <propfemale> in the sky  his concert would of been fantastic, and i know i would of made the effort to go to london to see it  god bless"
"is constantly playing the <propfirst> <propfirst> song \down\"" over and over again  it's a good song that won't leave my head  lol"""
"studying gov and anatomy then getting ready for desperate housewives, and brothers&sisters "
going to bed  hope everyone has a great week! including me lol
this week is going to be a headache in itself  two tests everyday or more  jeez i need abreak  studying now for gov  and psy  it's ridiculous for gov  well let's get started for the headache 
"wish me luck on the tests  i'm done studying for tonight  eyes are going into lock down mode, so going to sleep and dream of happy thoughts  lol  nite "
waiting for the week to be over with school  going to go study anatomy for disection of the frog 2morrow 
not even going to try     
"lol  gotta love buffaloians  we swear all the time and are sarcastic lol  dad just got back from buffalo and gotta love right when you get off the plane  what the      and @ the grocery store  who the     and sabres game against rivals <propfemale> leafs  your going down b**d, then at bills game three rows from heaven  then yourself saying it! lol  gottas love us!"
"when everything can be going wrong music saves today  really @ lunch hearing <propfirst> <propfirst> sing \down\"" put me in a better mood  it would be great if we could just dance out our problems lol \""even if the sky is fallling down\""    """
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=xtv_ojho-ra    very cool video, guy can dance on walls  wicked sweet lol"
watching <propmale> & me 1+2 waiting for the new one tomorrow! man i need to find me a danish prince lol 
"defention of smug sad ontentedly confident of one's ability, superiority, or correctness; complacent  if anyone wants to call me this, then go ahead b c u know what i am confident with myself and correctness  it is what has got me to graduate early, get in to college, and succed  if you call me this, it is probaly b c u are disstatisfied with yourself  so fix you before naming me "
"defention of smug sad ontentedly confident of one's ability, superiority, or correctness; complacent  if anyone wants to call me this, then go ahead b c u know what i am confident with myself and correctness  it is what has got me to graduate early, get in to college, and succed  if you call me this, it is probaly b c u are disstatisfied with yourself  so fix you before naming me "
is not looking forward to class tomorrow  it sometimes feels like i'm stuck in quicksand and can't get out lol  can't wait for break!
watching one tree hill! yh baby!!!!!lol
okay i hv tried phase 3 on what drives <propfirst> and can't win  if there are hints let me know  i have got all the way to him but the three stupid red men block the way  i am going to kill them  lol
omg!!! 400 trials later and i finally figured out phase 3! now all i need is to win that volvo!!!
put up all the christmas items in house  then did a test trial on our christmas cookies  little did i know the trial would consist of over 200 cookies  now there are cookies everywhere and i am beginning to hate everything about making them lol 
looking foward to this week!!!!!
looking forward going to the midnight premiere of twilight saga: new <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!
"just finished watching twilight with both mom and dad!lol  that was fun, now they know! lol  now preparing for tomorrow night's midnight premiere of new <propfemale>!!!!! super excited!!!!!"
"went to go see new <propfemale> @ midnight, came home slept, then went back to see it w dad at noon  !!!! it is an amazing film  it really does follow the book  if anyone wants to see it let me know! i willl go again !!!! new <propfemale> is a must see!"
"just got back from the broadway show \south pacific\""  it was very good and a sweet storyline """
just returned from seeing new <propfemale> the third time!!! still amazing!
finished peeling  cutting potatoes  i hate that  i always cut my self lol  now turkey is in the oven being prepared so not so much work tomorrow  going to make my famous green bean cassrole  you know everyone is jealous lol jk 
finally got internet connection after a week  just got back from a six hour babysitting gig  poor boy was starting to teeth and become cranky  i am now super tired 
"just woke up, but still exhausted from last nite  going to see blind side later on, but now don't know quite what to do with myself, hence i'm on fb  lol"
"finished putting up christmas lights and floats outside  we just bought a <propfemale>, frosty, and <propmale> float  our goal bet the stupid neighbors, our enemies loll (plus they don't know we are in competition, but ours looks better)lol "
"weekend can't come soon enough! really excited for friday getting to <propfemale> out with <propfemale>, jace, <propmale>, lexi and some other pppl  super excited!!!!"
excited for tomorrow!!!
"today was pretty rough, not my best day  although tonight should get a whole lot better w friends    at least i hope!lol"
just got home  had an awesome nite w  jace  he's so sweet  going to bed getting ready for tomorrow with the hellish schedule of making christmas cookies all day   jeez <propfemale>  lol(txt me) !
"doing a danish weekend consisiting of <propmale> christian andersen paper, then <propmale> and me movie review paper, and more stuff  now all i want is a trip to denmark!!!!"
"today has been an awesome day  i got accepted to the college of charleston, got out early, going to see <propfemale> benson tonight, and <propfemale> and <propfemale> are coming over tomorrow  this holiday is the best yet and is going to be amazing!!!!"
"awesome day and nite  starting with an acceptance letter and a whole lot of relief, and ending with meeting <propfemale> benson(the voice of <propfirst> in the little mermaid)  great day and its only going to get better!"
happy holidays everyone!!!!!
"is having an awesome break  currently though really tired, but i don't care going to stay up later tonight      loll "
"my heart is more relaxed  mom made it out of surgery and woke up, which makes me extremely happy  it was good she woke up and is free of the cyst, bad that she is in alot of pain and will be in the hospital till saturday  it sucks i can't see her under hospital rules, but i am just happy she is fine  i don't know what i would do without her so thank you god for making sure my mom stayed with me  i love her very much "
getting ready to study statistics   ugh    but its okay i am watching or more like listening to grey's anatomy while i study   lol 
black all the way! lol  studying anatomy now    laugh 
"is spending time with my future roomie at college of charleston, <propfemale> knight!!!!  laugh "
"just finished watching north & south, the movie series i was named after  i just love <propfemale> fabre and orrie maine together  it's funny how fate works out to, b c when i was named no one figured we move to sc and now i am going to go to cofc in fall where the series took place and <propfemale> fabre maine remains  it's fate      laugh "
"studying film terms, then begin to review english and anatomy for tuesday exams     this week is going to be tiresome    "
is becoming exhasted from exams  i've been studying since 5 for econ and psy  my brain truly is tired  i hate the next two days especially thursday with stats and gov    help is needed or better yet required    sad 
wish me luck for the worst exams of the week statistics and gov  then it's freedom and relaxation with the early premiere of dear <propfirst> tomorrow night  i am looking forward to that  good luck everyone on the rest of yr exams and me 2  laugh 
horrific day    and it only got worse with canceling dear <propfirst>       sad 
"still not the best of days, but at least there's a new grey's anatomy to make it better  smile   i am excited since i'm a grey's fan  although still miss not seeing dear <propfirst>, stupid hollywood 20  i am beginning to hate them   loljk"
"just got back from babysitting and extremely tired, but on the plus side i finished <propfirst> <propmale>'s autobiography moonwalk in one night      laugh "
"i'm coming to see in general life will play out as it should  like <propfirst> <propmale>'s idea in his autobiography \que sera sera\"" what will be will be or time will tell what will happen   """
going to go pick up <propfemale> for a great nite at the house    lol      laugh !!!!
"<propfemale>'s here and it is so much fun, but she keeps taking over the computer while i leave the room and i think she is causing trouble    lol  jk  its going to be a blast tonight   !  laugh "
"planning budget for the next few monthes, then stats hw, study for anatomy, and of course relax     lol"
ppl are driving me crazy even ones that i haven't spoke to in monthes      
finished watching obsessed    crazy psycho girl   whew! now getting to watch vampire diaries and grey's anatomy    excited      for stefan!!!!lol   laugh 
"vampire diaries is amazing  i  love  stefan!!!!lol  defently different from the books, but great too  although i am still waiting for the next addition to the return series of the diaries  now watching grey's anatomy!!!! amazing!!!  laugh "
not doing much today just maybe some hw  txt me if yr bored !
studying stats  then going to watch extreme home makeover  it's in my hometown tonight buffalo n y  !!!!  love   smile 
"just got back from getting the h1n1 shot, arm hurts a little, but its for a good cause!  smile "
just got home from my work  extremely tired  going to bed now   surprise 
studying psy  then vampire diaries! seeing <propmale> just makes my day a whole lot better!!!  love      laugh      love 
vampire diaries was amazing with <propmale> gorgeous as always    blush    lol  defently made me smile today and make it end on a great note      laugh   love 
"just got back from seeing when in rome !!!!  laugh  such a cute movie, i only hope i can find love like that  love   love   love "
just got back from seeing wicked on broadway and it was amazing  i  love  it and defently team green now!!!!  laugh 
"i'm through accepting limits  ''cause someone says they're so  some things i cannot change  but till i try, i'll never know!  too long i've been afraid of  losing love i guess i've lost  well, if that's love  it comes at much too high a cost!  i'd sooner buy  defying gravity  kiss me goodbye  i'm defying gravity  i think i'll try  defying gravity  and you wont bring me down!  ~wicked"
"urrrr   why do i always get sick  this yr has been crazy first swine now this  can't i ever catch a break   stay clean ppl, and stop passing this stuff to me, i don't want it  i'm tired of being sick "
"still sick, but getting better   i think    just got back from seeing avatar  very interesting movie, i liked it  can't wait to see dear <propfirst> tomorrow night!!!"
"just saw dear <propfirst>!!! it was great, defently different from the book, but amazing as well  loved the fact my future college was present in the film! can't wait to be there next fall!!!"
seeing <propmale> tonight and so excited  thursdays always end amazing  can't wait to see what's new!!!!  love  <propmale> salivatore!!!!!!   laugh 
extremely tired   just got home from my work  i have been up for a total of 19 5 hours total and going for a few more minutes   lol
"getting ready to go to the gym, then some shopping, cleaning, home, and hw  whew what a day, but will be back on later today!"
"just got back from the gym, now a pretty chilled afternoon planned with time traveler's wife in the mix later on!!"
"finished watching time traveler's wife and it was completly sad and romantic at the same time  i did tear up    i honestly don't know what i would do if my guy was a time traveler, it would be hard, but at least you would know you are never alone "
"i completely forgot it was <propfirst>'s day  i guess it might do with the fact i don't have a <propfirst>, so oh well  someday   lol  happy <propfirst>'s day to all who don't have a <propfirst> this year!!!?"
reality check!!! stop dwelling on the past and move toward's what you will do in the next four years and beyond  so for me i am completely going to be myself and look forward to having a great future in college and beyond that  so look out!!!  laugh  it's going to change!!!! yh!
"glad i didn't get my hopes to up w  certain ppl, b c one thing i have learned in the past six years is trust yourself and yourself only  never rely on someone else to make a move or confront you, b c you need to take a stand and do it yourself   i am realizing being afraid of ppl is not an option, they need to hear it like it is cuz life is to short   and that's the truth and life "
"is home for a little while, then it's off to the gym for a workout  be back on l8ter     laugh "
got back from gym and feeling good  let all that pent up anger up    whew! now its time to tackle gov't   i hope i do good on the test tomorrow   surprise 
"i am so sick and tired of ppl not e playful ressing the way they feel it ruins friends+relationships if you hate someone tell that person, if you love or have a crush on someone tell them, if you are jealous of someone or someone's relationship tell them  stop hidding your feelings and tell that person how u feel, b c if you don't consider yourself a fake and little, b c saying your afraid is not an excuse anymore!!"
"working on hw   it sucks so fb,text, or call "
watching father of the bride part ii and resting so i can get up early and hit the gym tomorrow then going to get my hair highlighted(little scared surprise )   will show tomorrow afternoon   
"is back to being blonde, and lovin it  got my hair highlighted which took over 2 1 2 hrs  so now dark no more, i look as blonde as i was in 2nd grade  !!! yh"
"went to workout this mornin, now narrative and studying for anatomy!! whoo! lol "
watching men's hockey game (us vs finland) so far 6-0 us! <propfirst> miller of the buffalo sabres(my team) is doing an amazing job for us! go usa all the way!!!
not a great weekend  very rough       sad  rather be at school  
"really tired, but going to watch the bachelor! all i know is <propmale> better pick someone(tinellly) or else i will be angry he has wasted the last three monthes for two hours every monday nite  so let's see the final <propfemale>!"
when you are not looking e playful ect something great to happen 
"i think i finally decided on the career i want to pursue through college and the rest of my life  i am pretty happy with this after researching it, now i have to make sure college will work with me into transferring into the program for my future career!!!  laugh "
"feeling defently more better than last weekend,so far and it is all thanks to returning to church after five years and attending mass  defently feeling blessed and pure thanks to one man   love "
"\ i don't date sociology majors \""  \""well i'm undecided   \"" \""about what?\"" \""everything!\"""""
"omg!! 10 seconds! that all it took for me to get extremely excited, and now i can't wait for tomorrows reveal then for the final reveal in june!!! omg!!!  laugh   love "
"like i said my mom's b-day is going to be amazing, 6-30-10! not only is it her bday but eclipse is coming!!!!!! yeah!!!! the trailer was released today and it is amazing!!!  love  e c  and can't wait till the last day of june!!! omg!!!  laugh "
"busy nite tonight, but it shoudl be fun!!!"
just saw remember me and it is a great movie that covers all the genres  i think it might be the best film this year  it makes you realize what's important in life and that people need to be kind to all because you never know what will happen next   love 'ed remember me!!!! all should see !
"\gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant  but it's very important that you do it  i tend to agree with the first part \"" (remember me)"""
"reading shadow souls and omg i am addicted to this book! i think i love <propmale> and <propmale> equally, maybe one more than the other  books are amazing and if they are all i have in life, then that is okay with me!!!  laugh    love  books!!!!!  love "
just got back from charleston and seeing my future home in five monthes cofc!!!! it is so beautiful and i am excited!!! plus the nite got better with watching new <propfemale>!!!  love 
"studying for ap econ, ap government, ap stats, ap psy, and hamlet  i just hope i do well on all these tests           surprise "
"studying for ap stats, ap government, and ap psy   three more tests and then i am done tomorrow     thank goodness       it is so stressful and i will be in a brain coma after 3rd,4th,and 5th tomorrow with three test in a row      pray that i do well      !"
 love vampire diaries love  !!!! it's back and it is the one thing i have been looking forward to for a month and 1 2 now    i am so excited to see <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale>!!!!!  love <propmale> bros!!!!!   excited!!!!!
just completed earth hour and hope many did as well by turning off yr lights to conserve energy and show global climate change is upon us   love  earth
"super happy got an award from sc life for 5,000 dollars  so really honored!!!  laugh "
very happy and very tired at the same time! blessed for all the things i have! good nite!  love 
everything is falling into place and hopefully it continues with guarentees on everything!!
"i super hopeful   just got a call for an interview for a job!!! yes, just hope i get the job, i know i would do 100%, more like 110%!!!"
"i have been excited by day and nervous by nite for the past week about this weekend  i am really excited,but i am socially challenged so nervous as well"
really tired today! i had a great four day weekend with <propfemale> knight in charleston! it was alot of fun!!!  laugh 
"creppie cd found in mom's car that none of us made,but it has all the music that i love just never owned  it even gave me my new favorite song by my favorite artist: for always by <propmale> groban!!!  love   it's still really creppie and apparently someone is watching us    surprise "
"going to the gym in 30 minutes, then out for the day, then babysitting, and homework    "
practicing french with the kids i babysit who's dad is from <propfemale> and enjoying the novel the life of pi!  laugh 
really would like to go to poland and visit my family there  hopefully that will be my next european trip besides going to london!!!
had a great time with <propfemale> watching the <propfemale> and the frog!!!  laugh 
got my graduation dress!!!  laugh  now going to relax then babysitting tonight!
"it is ap psy  and gov non stop this week  i am becoming brain fried and i still have to add on ap econ and stats to the list later this week  oh mock exams be done with,but give me a good grade    please!!!!!!!!!"
pray for me with the stats exam tomorrow     i hope i do well   please       
ready for this weekend    especially sunday!!!!  laugh 
at exactly 9 smile 0a m  i turned 17!!! i had a great day by going to seeing the back up plan (very funny and cute) and hanging with the family  thank you for all the birthday wishes!!!!  laugh  i hope 17 is just as good as 16 was!
is in pain    sprained ankle or at least really really swelled up ankle that looks like a baseball  not happy that's for sure about this   sad 
going to review for ap government exam tomorrow and for ap statistics tuesday     i hope i pass and get the credit  well now its up to fate    laugh 
"one exam down, ap stats tomorrow    pray that i do well and actually pass       laugh "
six hours later and stats is done    thank god    laugh 
omg!!! glee has become like a religion  addiction in my household  ever since my b-day that's all we watch and we just love <propfemale> !!! lol   laugh   love  glee  love 
ap psychology and ap econ exams this week  let's hope that i pass and do great!!!  wink 
"four days and three exams to go, and then i am finished with grade school  very excited  going to see letters to juillet tonight  laugh  excited for that as well!!!"
"letters to <propfemale> was romantic and amazing  seeing <propfemale> on screen and the places i've been, made me miss europe a lot  i loved last summer and i will go again because europe is breathetaking and somewhere i could spend a lifetime!!!  love "
"after 3 years, it has all come to an end  a lot of work was put in to graduating early and now it has paid off  childhood tendencies are coming to an end and adult responsibilities are already upon me  it's excitng and sad at the same time    a bittersweet moment "
got a new green laptop from my parents for graduation!!! i'm typing on it now and i love it!!!!
"'indulge your imagination in every possible flight  '\  {jane austen, pride and prejudice}"
graduation day is here!!!! these three years paid off now i have everyone that matters to celebrate!!!! congrats to the class of 2010!!!!
just saw shakespeare in the park of the production: <propmale> & <propfemale>
had a great time seeing the killers with <propfemale> dickerson and the girls!!! it was alot of fun!!!
finished the second book to the <propfemale> saga!!!!! i'll start the third one tomorrow! i  love  <propfemale>!!!!!
ready the third <propfemale> saga book in one day!!! it was amazing and i can't wait until the next part of the series comes    i'm so interested to see what happens next     love  mr  <propfemale>  love  !!!!!
today's been stressful so far with a variety of things happening  and one is college is already stressful and we are not even there yet    but hopefully everything will work out and all will be happy!
"haudricourt drama  is occuring, but hopefully is residing slowly      all i need is dorms to go well and everything the whole family has gone through will be worth it    i hope     i swear im changing my last name   lol"
i hope everything works out today       i really do hope                                                     
is going a little bit crazy i think    too many things happening at once and not one solution    ahhhh   lol
"going out with <propfemale> knight today!!!! i'm so excited to see my europe traveling partner   it's been awhile since we seen each other, i've missed her a lot  so i'm really excited to see her today!!!!!   laugh "
re read eclipse in one day!!! getting ready for tomorrow's excitement of seeing eclipse at midnight!!!! super excited!!!!!
ready to go see the twilight saga: eclipse on june 29th going into the 30th!!!! i am so excited to see the next chapter in the saga and i know i will want to see it more than once!!!! i  love  e c  twilight saga!!!!
"saw the twilight saga: eclipse @ midnight and it was amazing!!!!! i loved it and it was the best one yet, but i defently need to see it again, so anoyone who wants to let me know!!!!! today i am celebrating my moms 36th birthday so i am occcupied with pleasing her!! i  love  e c  twilight!"
"one year ago today i was with the sc group getting ready to fly for an amazing trip to switzerland, italy, and <propfemale>!! needless to say it was amazing and i had the best time, so i'm sad were not all together, but we have the memories of that amazing trip!!"
"some say the world will end in fire,\some say in ice \from what i've tasted of desire\i hold with those who favor fire \but if it had to perish twice,\i think i know enough of hate\to say that for destruction ice\is also great\and would suffice (frost) "
"saw the twilight saga: eclipse in imax with my mom, oh it was amazing for the second timee!!! imax makes it even better! i  love  e c  twilight!!!!!"
i got credit for my ap psy  and ap gov class!!!! yh!
"some say the world will end in fire,\some say in ice \from what i've tasted of desire\i hold with those who favor fire \but if it had to perish twice,\ i think i know enough of hate\to say that for destruction ice\is also great\and would suffice (frost) "
"this isn't the time to make hard and fast decisions, its time to make mistakes  take the wrong train and get stuck somewhere chill  fall in love - a lot  <propmale> in philosophy 'cause there's no way to make a career out of that  change your mind  then change it again, because nothing is permanent (eclipse)"
"pretty excited, some things are going very well     i got a great schedule of bio 111, wgst, women and religon, philosphy and feminism, and psy  statistics! also i got my drivers license today!!!!! so yeah!!!! now one thing left for the future and life wld be good  laugh "
just frinished reading two books in two days!!!! yh! i read the second short life of <propfemale> <propmale> yesterday and i just finished reading eat pray love today!!! so yh i'm amazing  next week i will start the college recommended book three cups of tea    
"betheny's on tonight!!!! super excited  had a great afternoon with <propfemale>, it was alot of fun   laugh "
"dogsitting this weekend    the dogs are great, but walking in the 102 degree heat to get there is not     "
"there are three things i hate most in this world: lyers, cheaters, and users  there are too many people in this world who do this, and i have had to many incidents of being involved with these kind of ppl  so no more, cuz you are toxic to my life    "
babysitting tonight     yh    ! it should be fun  i have to say being a quote on quote nanny this summer has been the best job yet  laugh 
"the moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls  (<propfemale> cady <propmale>)"
"\my good opinion once lost is lost for ever\"" (pride and prejudice)"""
just got off from a long shift now its time to organize the college stuff  looking forward to college and finally meeting my roomates!!!!  laugh 
very excited about college and finally meeting my dormmates!!!!! our room is going to be super cute!
finished reading british author <propfemale> evans novel a hopeless romantic    such an amazing book i know i defently relate   lol  laugh  got another one of her books today going home    can't wait to start !!!!  laugh 
"\risk more than others think safe care more than others think is wise  dream more than others think is pratical  e playful ect more than others think is possible\"" ( bissell)"""
"finished three cups of tea! so that's done!!!  laugh  very good book, defently opened my mind up to different things "
"just finished watching date night! hilarious movie, i really enjoyed it    lol  looking forward to a day out tomorrow with <propfemale>!!!!  laugh "
"yh!!!!! super happy now! i had the perfect schedule for first semester, but i just made it even better since i got to switch my lab from 7 smile 0pm to now 1 smile 0pm  omg it is like the perfect freshman schedule  this will be a good day and icing on top is i get to <propfemale> out with \big sis\"" lol  <propfemale>!!!!! so happy!!!!"""
had an amazing time with <propfemale> today!!!  laugh  we saw <propfemale> & beezus (lol) and it was so cute and yes i cried   lol   laugh  it was alot of fun today!!!
"going to see eat pray love today with mom!!!!! i'm looking forward to it, i read the book and it was great so this should be good!"
"feels kinda weird i guess    since this year really i should technically be a senior but instead i'm going into college at the age of 17    scary thought! but theres no way i could of done another year of highschool, but good luck and have fun to all my fellow classmates who are now seniors! and hello to the upcoming classmates in college!!!"
"had fun today with my dad  went to see <propfirst> st  cloud, which was a really great film  the funny thing was we were the only ones in the theater or whole entire building besides staff  so it was like it was shut down just for me   lol   laugh "
just got back from a great night with <propfemale> knight!!!! it was alot of fun and i'm going to miss her when i leave for college  love 
getting pretty nervous  making sure everything is packed and ready to go  last 2 days until i leave for college  it's a bittersweet moment   
last day in greenville    i am so nervous and sad  leaving for charleston tomorrow   it's going to be a huge change for me    it is so bittersweet   
moved in    pretty emotional day    but hopefully everything will go good  i already miss home though    
went to my first class  it was good   now  two more today and first day will be complete  laugh 
had biology and philosphy today  both were pretty interesting and very duable  now i will catch up on homework and then go out later tonight!
finished all homework for today and tomorrows classes   so all i have to do is go to two more classes today and two tomorrow and then its the weekend!!!! i've made it then one official week   omg  thats hard to believe 
"classes were good today, then i went to the wgst house for sugar-fest    it was alot of fun and i met alot of great girls   now i'm not sure what i'm going to do other than watch back-up plan tonight "
went to the markets today!!! it was cool i felt like a native lol  later i'm going to go with <propfemale> to see <propmale> and <propfemale> performed !!! yh!
homework and laundry today  maybe end the day with the last song!!  laugh 
done with homework for the next two days    don't know what to do with myself    jk  laugh 
going to five guys!!!!lol    need to get away from on campus food especially pizza   lol   
going to watch bachelor pad!!!!!  laugh 
"worked on paper for thursday, now bio for tomorrow, and then two more classes at three    whew so much work in college   ready for weekend to hurry up    "
went to bio  now i have philosphy then bio lab for 3 hrs     long time       i hope he lets us out early 
"just got back from my 3hr lab    long    and it is more work than my typical classes, but that's ok since i only meet once a week  now going walking and then now at 7  busy busy busy   "
two more classes this week then aquarium on saturday with <propfemale> teska  laugh 
"getting ready finally for a day near the water and near some animals    yh they are <propfemale> animals, but still i need animals around and i finally get to see some water in charleston!!!!!    going to aquarium with <propfemale> teska!!!!!!"
"got back from aquarium, it was alot of fun    went behind the scenes to the sea turtle hospital, that was interesting  learned something new   now the rest of the weekend consists of hw    yh fun  jk"
did homework in the courtyard today then took the long way and walked to the battery   very relaxing     laugh 
finished classes for today and hw pretty much   now aed and biology club tonight   then bachelor pad  lol
biology club is a very interesting cllub and i'm very excited to be joining  now watching bachelor pad!!!!
"gave blood today!!!! i made it for a first timer   lol, but i made a difference, i saved a life!!!!!!   \now back to my life, stats exam today then nursing club, then vampire diaries!!!!! yh me!!!!"
at the library right now   so peaceful   got all my hw done and questions thanks lb for your help!!! today so far has been a good day!!!
"remember september 11th today, it's the ninth anniversary  our prayers go out to those who died and the families  god bless "
"don't know what to do today    i know hw, but anything else i just dont know, i dont think anything can compare today from last nights hearing <propfemale> sing pocahontas and my heart will go on   lol  she did amazing  laugh  and looked like a true indian while doing it   laugh lol"
did as much hw i could do today which consisted of two papers and reading over 70pages   the rest can wait till tomorrow  plus i did laundry  so now i will go out maybe then come home and watch the vmas 
i hope its an awesome week for me and other ppl     laugh 
"hmmmm   it's been a good day, but there is so much to do to prepare for the future  i just the future goes as planned       laugh "
"really really tired     have two more classes later on, study for lab tomorrow, then oth  then very early bed     :zzzzzzzzzz"
cannot wait until next fall where i hope to god i will be out of <propfirst> dorm and at an entirly different university 
"hmmm    will this be a good day    idk mornings been good, but sometimes thats a trick     surprise "
"<propmale> groban, you somehow make any situation better and take all the stress away  your music is fantastic and i thank you   laugh "
i got  a book!!!! so excited    bookstores in charleston weren't carrying my favorite authors and i found a book finally by one of my authors!!!! yh  love  books!!!!!!!!
last nite was great with watching letters to <propfemale> and reading my book    i was in my happy place lol currently in the library (i've been here for four hours already and going0 studying biology for exam on monday and reading wgst     oh this is so not a weekend   lol
round two of studying all day at the library for bio exam     i hope i do good on it  surprise 
"really tired, going to bed soon  i hope i do good on my biology exam tomorrow     everyone pray   laugh "
"a rat ran into my shoe today and kept running, but i felt the impact    i still am not sure what to think of this     "
had an amazing dream last nite     !!! two more classes today and then glee!!!!!!!!!! yh  laugh  super happy  laugh 
"glee was awesome      \ i didn't send sunshine to a real crack house\"" lol    so funny and good songs    can't wait till next weeks <propfemale> spears episode!!!!  laugh  glee"""
finished my book today!!! it was great and a good stress reliever!!! can't wait for the weekend so i can sleep in  lol
having fun with <propfemale> knight!!! last nite we did a girl's nite in with movies   today girl's homework in   not as fun   lol  laugh 
"two exams this week, alot of papers, and so much reading this week     ugh    i pray to god though i do good on my philosphy exam        trying to get three weeks of stuff done before fall break, so i can actually enjoy it    i just hope i can "
hope i do good on my philosphy exam and lab quiz tomorrow    i really hope i do        :z
"very tired  got free flu shot, took philosphy exam, did a three hour lab, and now i have to study for women and religion exam for tomorrow   college u are exhausting me    please let me do well on all my exams       please       my life is at the library  "
"finished exams for this week, but still have three to go next week, plus im trying to get everything done before hand for the following week after that     looking forward to going home!!!! one week from tomorrow!!!"
not happy that  there is no foliage at all in charleston     i need all four seasons       
just got cpr certified!!!!! yh!!!
library day   ugh   three exams this week and then i get to go home!!!!! excited!!! after these exams are over    playful 
"finished studying today   now listening to the buffalo sabres vs philadelphia flyers     oh i miss hockey, its sad i can't watch it in the south   hockey is awesome  lol     love  jp  lol    let's go sabres!!!!!  love  my buffalo sabres hockey!!!!  love "
one dream was crushed about 10 minutes ago   so sad     sad 
beginning to study or prepare for the three exam taking place between wednesday and thursday   not fun   sad  but the turn up is i get to go home friday!!! yh!!!
two more exams   then home!!!!!
happy birthday bj!!! i love you and i will see u friday!!!!!  love  bj
in two hours     i will be taking two exams   i hope i do well on them    then two more classes tomorrow then home!!!!!! i'm excited to be going home   !
done with exams  finally!!! now two more classes then home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (but first v diaries and grey's)  laugh 
i'm home and i'm loving it!
missing home already     sad 
there is a <propfemale> austen class next semester and i can't take it    not happy        
not happy                      annoyed 
oh the weekend: consists of writing a research paper and studying for a biology exam    
extremely tired   five hours on a research paper and then still studying for bio exam for monday    oh college i can't wait till winter break   no worries for three weeks  come quick 
studying for bio exam today and  that's it       playful 
happy 7th birthday lucky and 4th birthday <propmale>!!!! i miss you boys and hope you have a woofin of a day!!!lol    love  lucky  love  <propmale> !!!!
"'indulge your imagination in every possible flight  '\{jane austen, pride and prejudice}"
happy today!!! did good on my bio test and bio lab!!!! yh!!!!!
reading my book today!!! makes me happy  laugh 
so tired right now    of school work    ughh   can't wait for the semester to be over   
thank you <propfirst> and <propfemale> for a fun time pealing apples    laugh  and thanks <propfemale> teska for being a great friend  all of you are great and made a happy sunday afternoon!!!  laugh 
had a great time seeing eclipse with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!! it was a lot of fun and defently took my mind off of things  laugh   love  <propfirst>!!!
great day so far    last nite was awesome first with <propfirst> and <propfemale> for eclipse then crossroads and <propfemale> singing with roomates!! lol  now today with turning in the research paper   and completing all my philosphy questions!!! yh!!!  laugh 
another great nite w glee now movie nite in 224!!!
this week is actually turning out to be awesome!!! so much fun and not alot of stress  i thank 224 and wgst!!!
"pretty easy going day today    listening to my ipod with soothing music like classical music, soundtracks, and <propmale> groban   that's always peaceful to hear when doing homework   lol  great week so far lets keep it coming    laugh "
excited for friday!! going to folly beach for a ghost crab walk   i'm just excited about being near the water  finally!!  laugh 
"dear great pumpkin, thank you for putting a smile on my face  laugh  \\   i  love  linus  love "
voce existe em mim  love 
happy halloween!!!! hope everyone has fun trick or treating tonight and tomorrow  laugh 
four exams this week     sad  studying all day for philosphy tomorrow   hope i do well!!!!
long week ahead    philosphy test down   3 to go   starting with stats tomorrow    hope i do well  laugh 
so much to do that is stressful  4 tests to do this week  today is stats at 530 so hope i do great on this test      laugh  please oh please oh please     wink 
"this week has got to be the worst week ever    everything is going wrong, and i just need to cry "
i really just want to be a housecat like <propfemale> and just be fascinated by a piece of string and only worry about where i am going to sleep tonight and nothing else   laugh  meow!!! ? <propfemale> ? bj (it would be alot easier and stress free compared to a human  lol) 
"very tired    tired of being sick, tired of taking tests, and tired of this week  ready for this horrible week to be done with  one more quiz today then going home to rest and hopefully feel better "
"notice:::: i have windows live messanger now, so anyone who has it request me   lol    "
the stress part of the week is over  just need to get better from being sick and all will be good  had fun talking to parents on window live messenger and watching vd  made my nite  laugh 
had fun tonight doing the walk around the pennisula   lol  then watching elf and making cookies with <propfemale> knight!  now its time for sleep to get up at 6 smile 0 to go to volunteer at the women's clinic   haven't been up that early since highschool   boy will this be tough   lol
"had a very eye opening e playful erience at the women's clinic today volunteering and now i see things even more clearly and really people should realize that women have the right to choose to do whatever they want in life whether its with their careers, bodies, family, or anything  so protestors should just back off "
been in the library   idk how long since daylight savings is screwing w me  lol  but finished all the papers and assignments for the rest of the semseter besides one paper!!!!!!!!! so happy  no writing anymore(except 1 but thats easy)!!! i know im a dork doing work for the next six weeks ahead  oh well!!  laugh 
so happy this week which is so much better than last week  laugh ddd
well registered for classes for spring semester   have to say not the most exciting classes but they are being taken in hopes of me getting into the nursing program at clemson next fall   fingers crossed    smile 
this week has been pretty great so far   so happy  laugh  vd on tonight !!!!  love  <propmale>!!!!!!
great week this week  laugh   listening to <propmale> groban's new album then degrassi then studying for biology all weekend     laugh 
"gotta love youtube  lol  watched <propfirst>'s beginning and beauty and the beast enchanted christmas today and lion <propmale> 2 yesterday   idc what anyone thinks   i'm a disney girl, regardless of how old i get     laugh   love  disney"
"\dream as if you'll live forever  live as if you'll die today\"" (<propfirst> <propfirst>) """
"sitting in the common room, looking at the xmas lights, studying bio, while listening to 102 5     lol    oh well i want to get into the holiday mood, and that's not an easy thing to do at college,,, so bring it on  wink "
ready for the bio exam tomorrow for the most part   learned it all through funn studying with <propfemale> knight!!!! we got this!!!!  wink 
"had a test in bio today which was not what i e playful ected, but i know i passed   other class got cancelled so its a free monday!!!  laugh  yh!"
"listening to <propmale> groban's new album illuminations!!!!! i get to listen to it online, since i sent the actual cd to my mom first  lol  oh well hope she enjoys it!"
"with only six 1 2 hours i finished \in the arms of mr  <propfemale>\"" and it was amazing!!!!! can't wait for the next book by <propfemale> lathan!!!!!!!  love  <propfemale>  love """
"finished two books in two days!!! one for class and one for pleasure  both were interesting, but in the arms of mr  <propfemale> wins no matter what    laugh "
figured out my stats problems all bymyself  lol  so proud of me!!!!
"being so productive at edu center   did a 4 <propfemale> paper, stats hw, and new stats ch  go me!!!  laugh "
"\you have bewitched me body and soul\"" (mr  <propfemale> ~pride & prejudice)"""
"okay so applied to two options, hope someone takes me  laugh "
"been at the library for six hours now completing stats and wgst  this weekend was very prorductive with completing bio, wgst, stats and a new application   so needless to say i can actually enjoy thanksgiving break !!! gobble gobble !  laugh "
"my favorite animal is going to be extinct in 2022  there is estimated only 3,022 tigers in the wild  over a century there was over 100,000  this is heart sickening and we need to take a stand  help save the tiger at the world widlife fund  don't let these beautiful creatures be taken away   "
"one more class and then going home!!!! thank god, i need to get away from cofc and everyone else's drama    ready to be home and bombard minnie    lol     laugh "
had fun being spontaneous last night with the whole family to go see love and other drugs at 11o'clock at nite   lol    that was fun staying up past the bedtime   the haudricourts are turning into rebels 
going back to charleston today and i really don't want to  i rather just stay here with family and four legged friends   oh three weeks come quick so i can be home again  i had a really great break!  laugh 
"went to <propmale>'s and saw <propfirst> island christmas lights!!! really sad to be back at cofc   i rather be at home, but 17 days and i'll be back home for 3  1 2 weeks!!!!! so ready for another great long break!!!!!!  laugh "
"is studying   stats exam tomorrow, lab pratical wednesday  oh the joys of college  jk  16 more days after today and i'm done with this semester!!"
stats test done!!! now lab practical tomorrow    going to watch <propmale> groban on nbc for the tree lighting tonight!!!!  15 days!!!!
"stats pratical done with   thank god   now its just reviewing until next thursday's stats exam, and fridays bio and philosphy exam   oh the headaches   14 days!!"
got an a on my stats exam !!!! yh!!! so i will reward myself with a break by watching the <propmale> groban live concert at 8!!!! 13days!!!!
i'm going to be a hermit for the next week   have to study my life away with statistics for thursday and bio and philosphy for friday   oh finals     13 days and i'll be home  thankgoodness   laugh 
"is about to start the beginning of the end   studying stats, bio, and philosphy    12 days     yh!"
study study study   that's all i do now and till the 14th    i have no life  lol  well it will be all worth it when the semester is over with   
"has offically decided i won't be going back to the light blonde like my graduation photos   i love the color of my hair now and even though i was a blonde as a younger child, but natural hair is darker toward a light brunette and i'm okay with that   it's me  so after looking at photos from the last three years  i'm saying goodbye to the true blonde    smile "
back to studying    will be glad when the week is over with  9 days!!
first semester classes are over with!!! now all i need to do is make it through 5 exams    ole mole   8 dayss   just 8 days   wink 
"six hours studying 18 chapters of biology and i feel confident i will do well on the final on friday!!! i'm still going to continue studying though for biology, philosphy, and stats     7 days!!"
baby it's cold outside      no really its really cold in charleston    i have to wear gloves in my room    cold     burrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  wink 
"listening to really beautiful music by ludovico, all thanks to rinske!!!! studying stats, bio, and philosphy   my finals start tomorrow wish me luck!!! 7 days!!!"
stats final down!!!! now 4 to go starting with biology and philosphy tomorrow   so gotta study  laugh 
"finsihed with stats, biology, and philosphy and i think i did really well     2 more finals next tuesday and i'm done  laugh "
putting wants aside and putting nesscities first  a car comes first and books before a trip  thats just how it has to be 
"im know college has done a good job of making me grow up,when i become frugal with money and want to get the nescessities like a car and books than go to a dream destination,london, but it has to be done  and i'll be ok   "
"kinda of a stressful day  not much has gone right   so two more days and i can go home   at least if im stressed at home, there is a four legged friend to comfort me  laugh "
getting ready for two more finals tommorrow  hope i do well  laugh 
finished one final today now one more to go @ 4 surprise 0  going to study and get ready  laugh  hope all goes well  laugh 
first semester of college is officially over with !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  so happy and i think i did really good!!!!  laugh 
home and happy  laugh 
"i don't know all my grades yet, but i found out 3 today and i am so excited  on biology 111, women and religion, and stats i got an a-!!! on all three!!!! and for a first time 17 year old girl freshman in college i am so  proud of myself!!!!!"
"really happy i have a 3 6 gpa!!! i got 4 a's, a b in philosphy, and a b+ in lab!!!! very happy as a first year college student!!!!!!  laugh "
cookie hell   that's all i will say    6hours of baking cookies yesterday has cured me of eating another cookie   omg    i hate cookies   lol   
just got back from seeing narnia: the voyage of the <propfemale> treader!!!! it was amazing!!!
"is exhausted   it was a good day, but a busy day watching a 2 yr old and 5 yr old all day   boy they can talk    "
a little stressed    i think i need sleep 
"spent 4 1 2 hours cleaning the entire house, so mom wouldn't have to tomorrow  such a good daughter i am   "
"<propfemale> christmas!!!! i hope everyone has a wonderful holiday, can't believe its here already     laugh "
"do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment  \buddha"
dogs come when they're called; cats take a message and get back to you later  (<propfirst> bly)
welcoming 2011!!! saying goodbye to 2010 with the happy times of graduating highschool and starting college  hopefully 2011 will be better and full of great things   smile 
back at cofc    and i already miss home   well lets start the new semester and finish up freshman year    smile 
"busy day    woke up, bought my text books for under $200, went to the grocery store with <propfemale>, and met my new roomate!!! pretty great day!!!"
"first day of second semester tomorrow   8a m  biology lecture, then 1030 lab, and 400 stats    ready to begin   i guess  smile "
well so much for a first day   all my classes at cofc are cancelled and apparently the entire state of south carolina   lol  laugh 
okay so i guess today is going to be the first day of class  it's going to be a very long day fro me: 925 english 1050 sociology then 500-745 public speaking   oh the joys   jk    playful 
first day of classes done   thank god    smile  well status is i like sociology or at least its not going to be hard   i think i will like public speaking b c of the professor  and english well i like the professor not the class  getting ready for bio 8am   joy  playful 
"okay bio is done with!!!! seems like a good class, one more class, stats, at 4  now homework time   "
done with class today  one more class tomorrow then its 3 day weekend!!!! now its just doing some homework  playful 
done with class  its so nice to get out at 850 on fridays!!! now the weekend!!!!
so sick of stupid fire alarms    first yesterday mornining at 4 a m  then now the stupid hungary cougar having some problem making us go out at 10 a m  there shall be no more    :i
"after three hours i finally completed english homework  now i have stats left and practicing my speech before tuesday, then starts another round of hw   great   sad "
i'm finally done!!!! with homework!!! now i just have to practice my speech to make sure i stay in the time frame of 2-3 minutes  so far it 2:29!! yh!
"i am like a book, with pages that are stuck together for want of use: my mind needs unpacking and the truth stored within must be turned over from time to time, to be ready when occasion demands(seneca)   {this is me, and is a preview of the introduction to my speech}!!!!  laugh "
"having a pretty good day  found out my cousin is having a baby girl in june!!!  laugh  and had a good interview for a job, so hope all works out for the best!!!  laugh "
"loves how a movie can just turn your whole day around, just watched letters to <propfemale> and i'm all smiles now!!!  laugh   love "
had an amazing three hour walk around charleston   so peaceful and relaxing  plus i saw so many dolphins  literally only feet away   it made my day  laugh 
"had a pretty good weekend with taking two really nice long walks in charleston and reading the comic version of pride and prejudice which was really good  so, needless to say this weekend was very relaxing and peaceful  laugh "
"\go for long walks  indulge in hot baths  question your assumptions  be kind to yourself  live for the moment  losen up  scream  curse the world  count your blessings  just let go   just be!\""  laugh """
"tried to do something good, but was turned down because my iron was too low   sad "
thanks <propfemale> and <propfemale> for toy story 3 operation and connect 4  lol 
going to bed   very tired  then gym tomorrow morning and studying for bio and sociology exams    fun   jk  playful 
"went to the gym, then read chapters for sociology and bio, and just woke up from a much needed nap   feelin pretty good  smile "
"a beautiful <propfemale> day in charleston, to bad i couldn't fully enjoy it because of the two exams coming up this week  hope i do great  laugh "
this is so starting off as a great week!!! i got accepted to usc!!!!!!!!!  laugh  i'm so excited!!!!!!
"\everybody wants to be a cat!!! because the cat's the only cat who knows wheres it at!\""  laugh  meow!!!!"""
studying really hard for bio exam 1 tomorrow!!! pray and wish that i do great !!!!!  laugh 
two exams done   thank goodness   laugh 
thank you <propfirst> and <propfemale> for a great dinner and conversation  it was really fun and a great way to end the week  laugh 
i do not have bieber fever    at least i hope not  but i have to say some of his songs are catchy    somebody to love         i just need somebody to love   lol 
"love is always patient and kind; it is never jealous, love is never boastful or conceited; it is never rude or selfish; it does not take offense, and is not resentful  love takes no pleasure in other peoples sins but delights in the truth; it is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes  love does not come to an end (a walk to remember)"
"so excited for tomorrow   but not the super bowl, that i could care less  i'm excited for glee!!!!  and maybe the puppy bowl  lol   "
puppy bowl and <propfemale> half time was really cute   now im just waiting for glee!!!!  laugh 
"who knew plants had so much to offer   i knew they were vital to out existance, but i feel bio 112 is going to tell me much more that just the basics   lol"
i love my afghan blankets !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love 
"\picture yourself in ten years       girls does it look good? guys is it big enough?  we are talking about diamonds people\""     (this was our groups introduction for public speaking)  lol hehehe"""
"7 a m breakfast with roomates <propfirst> banks and <propfemale> fleming, i think yes     laugh "
"i think i may be ready to get away from cofc   i'll miss certain ppl, but some i'm going to be relieved to get away from, finally  ready to be home with my friends and family in greenville!!!"
"oh this weekend    how i wish you would already be over with   so much to do: finished two papers, now a 4-6 <propfemale> one, 2 short ones, and a speech, plus pratical studying      sad  guess i will just lock myself in my room till its done    weekend be done with    "
finally done!!! finished my 7 <propfemale> paper and 2 smaller papers   now all i have to do is finsih writing my speech on <propmale> <propmale> (which i can do during the week) and study for my lab practical for monday    oh free     so happy it only took seven hours   
i have been studying all day for my lab practical tomorrow    so i hope i do great on it !!! please oh please oh please  smile 
saved three lives by giving blood on this <propfirst>'s day!!!  laugh 
the week is almost over   yh   only four more classes this week !!!
i decided what i want to do   i want to be a ob gyn nurse practioner or in other words women's health nurse practioner!!!! i'm happy!!  laugh 
going to sit outside on this beautiful 75 degree day and do nothing other than read my new book (finally)    laugh 
"amazing day today!!! made a 100 on biology quiz, got to pet a zebra!!! and read <propfemale> grange's mr  <propfemale> vampyre all in one day!!! and its above 70 degrees   thats a perfect day!!!  laugh "
so funny to see all these little kids around town and everytime i pass them they say hello to me   to cute!  laugh 
"this weekend has been really great, thanks to great friends and roomates!!!!  laugh "
"ready for the next two weeks to be over and done with already, so i can go home for spring break!!!!   laugh  until then    stressed   sad "
"my informative speech tonight on \the man behind the queen\""    hope i do great tonight and make an a      smile """
exhausted and really needs this week and next week to be over with already   
spending the whole day at the library     fun     smile 
glee oh glee    u have made my day       smile 
"classical music fills the soul with peace, love, and comfort    love "
going to go read six biology chapters and four sociology chapters for next weeks exams   if any one needs me i'll be in the study room   guarenteed     laugh 
"done reading textbooks for the day, now idk   im thinking the movie <propfirst> and isolde tonight  love   laugh "
i got a car!!!!!  laugh 
yhhhh!!! <propmale> firth won best actor for the <propmale>'s speech!!!!
"awesome the king's  speech won best picture!!!!! now the week begins great!!! lets hope it continues with lab, and two exams!!!!  laugh "
omg <propmale> groban is coming back to greenville june 7th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sociology exam today    hope i do great   then its one more exam this week then home   laugh 
got an a on <propmale> <propmale> speech!!! yh!!! very happy with grades wise with all a's!!! now lets continue with one more exam this week and then home finally!!!
"biology exam tomorrow morning   hope i do great!!! then gym while watching <propmale> groban on regis and <propfirst>, and then home!!!!!!!  laugh "
it's offical me and my mom are going to see <propmale> groban june 7th!!!! we are right next to the stage!!!! what a great way to start off spring break!!!
615 wake up call to go to a lacrosse game    wow haven't been up that early even in college   and <propfemale> rolling around on the floor and morning wake up hug from kota    great to be home!!!  laugh 
saw the <propmale>'s speech today!!! it was an amazing film and i'm so glad it won best film and best actor  laugh 
"went to see beastly today  laugh    another great film   really funny though how, every time i see a movie w my dad its just me and him in the theater   but it could be because we go early in the afternoon on a weekday  wink "
back in charleston   i will enjoy my last seven weeks here    but first lets get some studying and work done  laugh 
so very tired    operating on two hours of sleep thanks to my dumb allergies   oh spring i loathe you for bringing pollen  sad 
had a nice long dinner conversation with <propfemale> knight!!!! it made my day  laugh 
"really excited for glee tonight!!!! it's reigionals and we get to see \get it right\"" which i think is an amazing song   looking forward to glee!!!!!  laugh """
"glee made my week  laugh  it was so amazing   i love the song \get it right\"" and if i can find someone like <propmale> its a done deal  wink  i am a total gleek!!!!!!  laugh """
"there is a moment where you say to yourself \oh there you are! i've been looking for you forever love \"" ~(blaine to <propmale> on glee \""the originals\"")  love  glee"""
girls night out with <propfemale> knight!!!! so much fun!!!!
"watching  must love cats on animal planet and learning some new things about domestic cats and wild cats   plus really cool cat \trees\"" lol meow!!"""
just watched speed on amc w keanu reeves and <propfemale> bullock   very intense thrilling movie especially at 1 a m  lol  very good and i recommend others to watch it  it will be on again tomorrow  smile 
first draft of english paper #2 done and persuasive speech done   now i just need to practice speech for tuesday and study for lab tomorrow  smile 
"got out of lab early !!!  smile  now revising my <propmale> english paper, then practicing for my persuasive speech   not a bad monday  smile "
persuasive speech in public speaking tomorrow   hope i do great       smile 
persuasive speech in two hours    hope i do great     smile 
"finished my speech on \teenagers and birth control\"" made it within my time   yh!! felt really good about this speech!!!"""
i believe i am truly ready for this semester to be over with   i'm ready to return home    
"feels ahead of the game    finished reading sociology chapters , biology lab, editing papers, bio hw, and got a head start with also finsihing reading biology chapters for a test that isn't until 4 8   so feelin good about this  alll i have to do is study for sociology and lab this weekend and that is it!!!!!  smile "
\doubt thou the stars are fire,\17da4e90aa0aa8ae200497c199198b37,"what and if, two words as nonthreatening as words come  but put them together side-by-side and they have the power to haunt you for the rest of your life: what if?  ~letters to <propfemale>"
"got an a on my persuasive speech \teenagers and birth control\""! im so happy because the persuasive speech is supposed to be the hardest and i mastered it!"""
"sociology test tomorrow    i hope i do really great on it, since i have been preparing for it since last week   smile "
it's april!!!!! im very happy    24 days until i turn 18!!! and 29 days until i leave cofc and frehman year is over  smile 
"to the non-pet owners who visit our homes  don't complain about our pets  (1) they live here, you don't  (2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  (3) chances are, i love my pets more then i like you  (4) to you, they are animals  to me, they are family who are hairy, walk on all fours & don't talk back ??? re-post if you love your pets???"
has my special occasion speech today    let's hope i do great    plus let's hope today is a much better normal day than yesterday (please oh please)  wink 
special occasion speech complete!!! now other things   
