8727ec2459efac02151e89d27dd7ad23
raises her glass to the passing of another year and another decade  happy new year to all!
"is doing a bit of housework, but finding it increasingly more difficult as her belly gets bigger  only 16 more days to go!"
got <propfemale>'s website up and running tonight  www mikerudd com emily index htm
has finally found some time to clean the house! everything seems to get done a bit slower when you entertain a baby at night  smile 
had a good first day home alone with <propfemale> since <propfirst> went back to work 
and <propfirst> are finally moving to spokane!! woohoo! just a few more weeks and we'll be there 
has officially started packing the house    so much to do    so little time   
<propfemale> has been awake all day long!!! perhaps this means she sleep all night long (or so we can hope)  i guess we'll see   
<propfemale> is quite the smiler these days  it makes all those sleepless nights and fussy periods worth every second!
woohoo! <propfemale> slept a straigt 4 5 hours last night  smile  i am feeling strangely rested today
is bummed that the university is taking so long to approve her dissertation study  sad 
"didn't get much packing done today  <propfemale> wanted her mommy's attention instead  oh well, there is always tomorrow   "
finally getting a bit more settled in our new home  oh how we missed the spokane rain  smile 
had a great first day at work! now i am looking forward to decorating my new office 
is home with a sick <propfemale> today  sad  daddy decided to share his cold with us before he left town  hopefully <propfemale> will feel better on monday 
is missing <propfirst>  i'm happy he'll be home tomorrow 
is excited for the long weekend so we can finaly unpack the house!
one room completely unpacked    four more to go!
heard <propfemale>'s first giggle yesterday! how precious!!
"thanks for the happy birthday wishes everyone! i am offically \29 and holding\"""""
is feeling exhausted today  good thing it's the weekend! got the company picnic tomorrow 
is spending quality time with <propfemale> while <propfirst> is out mountain biking 
is going to the fair today with <propfemale> and my nephew <propfirst>  let's hope it is not too rainy 
<propfemale> has started making the cutest baby talk sounds! it is like she is having a conversation with anyone who will listen to her  it is so cute! we'll get a video up on the web soon!  www mikerudd com
is looking forward to her birthday gift tomorrow of a day at the spa with <propfemale>!
made a nice pot of soup today to welcome fall  yum!
"<propfemale> only woke up once last night  woohoo! other than being sick, i feel pretty refreshed today  i hope she does it again tonight "
is spending the weekend alone with <propfemale> since <propfirst> is helping my dad move 
thinks she is getting sick again    that is what i get for working with tons of kids  sad 
is looking forward to girl's day tomorrow  it's about time i spend some time with good friends  smile 
"had a nice dinner out tonight at red <propfirst> with <propfemale> and <propfirst>  <propfemale> behaved herself very well, but had to redirect <propfirst> a few times   "
we are officially moved in to our home in spokane with the last box unpacked today  smile  woohoo! only took two months
"just got word today that <propmale>'s case is finally up for review with the sudden une playful lained death in childhood program  we should have a \second opinion\"" hopefully in six months  www mikerudd com"""
<propfemale> is four months old today! my how time flies
is so exhausted  <propfemale> has been sick with a nasty cold this weekend and has been pretty fussy all weekend  we'll all sleep well tonight!
"just got approval from irb to finally begin her dissertation study!!!! woohoo let the stress, chaos and late nights begin!"
"got her swine flu vaccine today  it was in the spray form and not too bad! although, they did said it was a \live\"" virus """
spent all day looking at cars  finally found a green jeep <propfemale> renegade my dream car  smile  <propfemale> also fits a bit better in the back as well  i get to pick it up on monday 
i love the snow! what a pretty day  smile 
does not think it's fair that she has the flu and received both the seasonal flu shot and the swine flu vaccine  i hope this fever goes away  sad 
does not like being sick  i hope this flu will go away soon so i can hold my baby again  sad 
"is finally feeling like herself again, other than a pesky cough  thank goodness for great husbands  <propfirst> was super dad last week!"
looking forward to turkey day at my aunt and uncle's house  gobble gobble
back to the dissertation grind    finally finished stuffing envelopes for participants  soooo tired 
is finally feeling somewhat normal again after a bought of the stomach flu  boy do i hate that!!!
i love the snow! what a pretty day 
starting the morning with a nice cup of coffee before my massage  then off to lunch and shopping with the girls 
is going to bake sugar cookies tonight 
"had a great christmas  made my first turkey (no food poisoning yet), and christmas ham  we had such a wonderful day  until next year   "
does anyone know an er doctor and or and er nurse?
my poor baby had to get four shots today! what a trooper 
is having a bad day  i almost got into a horrible car accident that could have been really terrible  for some reason the oncoming car going at 40mph just stopped  i think a little good <propfemale> came my direction today  perhaps i need a bit more sleep and a break from dissertation world every once in a while   otherwise it might kill me  ack!
is sooo looking forward to her massage tomorrow bright and early and then lunch and casino time with a bunch of friends  great way to start the weekend 
had a good time today with the girls at northern quest casnio! did not win big (or at all) but had a blast  can't wait for next month's wine tasting 
"dissertation dissertation dissertation    all i seem to do in my spare time is dissertation  only need to find an er nurse, er doc and a cps or hospital social worker   smile "
"home sick today  no voice still  sad  i think <propfirst> is enjoying the peace and quiet, but he better just wait until i can talk again  i am so sick of being sick all the time "
<propfemale> is scooting around the floor and rolls all over the place  we have learned that she won't let anything like age and mobility stop her! we can already tell she wants to be older than she is 
is holding the fort down with <propfemale> while <propfirst> is in reno for the week  so far so good!
<propfemale> has teeth! they apparently snuck in without her telling us  we better enjoy these toothless grins while they last  smile 
"? ? it's valentines day week, change your profile picture to a pic of you and your spouse significant other  then add a comment on your status telling us all how long you've been together! ? ?"
had a false alarm tonight! i guess <propfemale> angel monitor doesn't detect movement when she is at the very foot of her bed  i never saw <propfirst> move so quickly! whew! i hope our pulse slows down soon 
woohoo dissertation defense date is set for april 29! graduation (if all goes well) is may 14th  this degree has been a long time coming and was during the most trying events of my life  i am so proud to be this close 
"is not looking forward to march  sad  feb-ril isn't catching on, so i guess there will be another round of march"
why oh why i am spending every waking moment on my grief dissertation study in march  this feels like a repeat of last year  let's hope i get through it ok 
is so sad that they are cutting my department at unr because of the budget crisis  i'll graduate (hopefully) a month before the department closes  i guess this just reaffirm my belief that everything bad seems to happen in march  maybe now people will join the feb-ril movement 
"what a day! i have a cold, <propfirst> has pink eye, <propfemale> has the stomach flu and our neighbor's house was broken into! ack! you can probably imagine how much i got done on the dissertation today  let's hope tomorrow is better  smile "
"what a week! pink eye - gone, stomach flu & baby - going on five days, cold & <propfemale> - going on five days, sinus infection & <propfemale> - brewing, dissertation - finishing <propfemale> 40 of chapter four, electricty -out once, washing machine - conveinly broke when we had five loads of pucky laudry  will <propfemale> make the dissertation duedate of friday the 19th? we'll see   "
"woohoo chapter four completed today! <propfemale> is all better, i have some antibiotics to clear up my sinus infection, our washing machine is fixed, electricity, internet and other important things are all functional  smile "
"is sooo tired  i think waking up at 4 smile 0 am the past week and staying up till 11 smile 0pm is wearing on me  dissertation draft is finally done, so now on to the next phase  not before my 1 5 hour massage tomorrow  smile "
woohoo! i finished my dissertation  all 187 pages  three more weeks from tomorrow until my defense  i hope everything well go well 
is stuck on a saturday night thinking of all the questions my committee members might ask me at my defense  11 more days   
so sleepy    i got in two good walks today thanks to <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile 
just came back from urgent care  went there thinking i had an ulcer left with instructions to go directly to the er to have my gallbaldder looked at  no thank you! i hate that doctor!!! guess we'll ride this out and hope it gets better 
is now dr <propfemale> rudd! woohoo i passed with flying colors  smile  off for some champagne and shopping 
"getting paperwork ready to apply for a house <propfemale> tomorrow    can't even wait a week before i am on to the next    but as <propfirst> would say \that is so like you\""  smile """
is home tonight with a cranky husband  he cracked his ribs on tuesday while mountain biking and won't take his pain pills since they made him puke yesterday  lets hope for a quick recovery
"my little girl came down with croup during the night  we started mother's day with a early morning trip to the er  hope she will feel better soon, i'll stay home tomorrow to keep her comfortable "
looking forward to the graduation celebration bbq tomorrow  hope to see everyone there  if you don't have our address let me know  the party starts at 5pm 
had a great bbq celebration  thanks everyone for a great evening!
looking forward to a weekend in the mountains!
back from the mountains  wish we could have stayed longer 
is excited for the for the big rain storm being predicted   5-1 5 inches of rain in 12 hours  oh how i have missed spokane  smile 
no longer things house hunting is fun! i want to be on the hgtv shows where you have three probable options and just choose one 
"house hunting adventure: round 3\puking baby - 1\houses seen - 3 5\houses offer-worthy - 0  sad \\hopefully we'll find something good soon "
can't seem to get enough sleep these days  oh i hope i get to sleep in soon  smile 
"just bought a house! woohoo  now for the crazy part    inspections, appraisals here we come  then pool party! we hope to close august 9th  smile "
appriasal on the house came back good! inspection looks pretty good! hope everything else checks out for a smooth finish to closing  smile 
house closing in six more days! woohoo
is a homeowner tonight!! woohoo!! is anyone available this saturday for the rudd's sixth annual moving party? perhaps a pool spa party afterwards?
"almost completely move in, bit we took some time yesterday to enjoy the pool "
pool all cleaned  ready for some relaxing  smile 
sitting at urgent care late on a monday night what fun!
i hope my baby girl will feel better soon  poor em and poor daddy 
thanks all for the birthday wishes! you all helped make turning 30 a bit brighter  smile 
so happy is my weekend  bring on the sleep
busy weekend so far  looking forward to a movie and some resting  sooner or later i'll get to enjoy these three day weekends i work so hard for
"sat down to play the piano again and realized i totally forgot how  back to \teaching little fingers to play\"" for me """
<propfirst> is in reno this week so i am holding down the fort  so far so good
stupid flu shot made me tired and achy  hope i feel better after a few drinks at ambrosia and some yummy appetizers  smile 
"went to drain the pool a bit and it has backed up into the gutter  not sure if i should call a gutter, plummer or pool guy  bah!! i'm going to bed "
"is excited to be one of the models, representing the 1950's, in tomorrows time period fashion show at the maribu hotel "
has a horrible headache  no fun for me tonight  sad  boohoo
is not super excited for her law and ethics seminar tomorrow  wish me luck!
drinking some hot tea to help with this lame cold
it's mommy week!! post this along with the first date you became a mommy! 03 04 06 @ 3:12pm
ahhh    the vacation begins
las vegas here we come!
finished up at the mandalay bay shark reef and some lunch  now it is time for a nap  ahh   vacations
"rental car for the week in las vegas: $257, buffet dinner for two: $50, $2 banana at the mandalay bay starbucks to calm a crying and upset toddler: priceless"
looking forward to a little snow  hopefully i can get the snow tires first!
just raining here in the valley  bah! i just got my fancy new snow tires yesterday  send the snow my way  smile 
just loving the snow! and blizzard  oh how happy i am to be back in spokane!
staying home for thanksgiving this year  snow ice+roads+toddler= not fun  we'll miss you westsiders!
happy thanksgiving everyone! i am so thankful for my wonderful family and friends
"shopping, sales and snow  what more can a girl ask for?"
the holiday weekend and beautiful snow is coming to an end  hopefully i am rested up enough to start the work week tomorrow 
is missing her <propmale> beans and mom  i think i'll cozy up with some hot chocolate and a movie 
is listening to the cello someone is playing on the street just below her hotel window (albeit 15 stories down)  ahhh san <propfirst> 
just got back from a nine mile walk around san <propfirst>  what a beautiful city! now i am going to rest and relax 
i knew the day would come but <propfemale> has the flu (or so we think)  i hope the night goes well even though i won't sleep too well 
baking tons of cookies today  what a wonderful day!
what is your new years resolution?
holding down the fort while <propfirst> is gone  so far so good 
feeling like i may need a vacation soon 
"very productive weekend! unpacking boxes of stuff i haven't seen in years  it is like shopping, but free!"
had a massage today and feeling very relaxed  up next a movie and relaxing time 
