69d910d10d37aa0294007d80221b28b0
i'm going to bed earier than usual!
is here for once   
says come join the epic struggle between    meh nevermind   
"help! they are coming after me!!! i am in danger! they, ahhh!! they're here!! help save m'-      never mind that  i am fine  the rest of you have a nice day "
is live'n it up 
i am unpredictable  there is no way you can guess what i'm about to porcupine!!!!!!! see what i mean   
is feeling better than you 
"come one, come all, test your selves on my new quiz!!!!! are you a mental contortionist? find out below   "
"says \i've hired you to help me start a war  that's a prestigious line of work with a long and glorious tradition \"""""
is off to a drupal meeting!!!! and <propfirst> is copying me  <propfirst> is a jerk 
is okay 
"is sort of a mix between an ostrich and <propfemale> cream, its confusing to him  but somehow it makes sense "
hates the taste of styrophome (or however you spell it )
styrofoam ahha!
has turned off his targeting computer 
i just found an awsome website that can be used to disguise your url's  this can be used to shorten them or just play a prank on someone  you need to try this  http annoyed  tinyurl com disguise-your-url
is alive!!!
"was gonna write about his long day, but instead just decided to write,  \ <propfirst> hodge\""!!!!!"""
"has an idea  how about you bring your bodies up from the cellar, and he will bring his down from the attic, \and we'll take them to happy dale\"" """
would it be wrong to say that it felt like my eye socket was in labor today?
likes this 
has come to the conclusion (after extensive research) that vampires are those who weren't cool (or for that matter intimidating) enough to be werewolves 
is working an 8 hour shift again!!!!!  laugh 
likes the like button 
"wants to warn everyone that it's a hazard to \get into the shower and plug in [your] power supply (for your laptop) \"""""
"is thankful for every one of you  i'm so glad i know all of you guys, and hope you all have a happy thanksgiving "
"if i could exchange the thorn in my side for any other, i would gladly "
"if you truly love the lord your god with all your heart, with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength, you will go to heaven  if you truly love your neighbour as yourself, they will go to heaven "
"today i was asked what i would be in ten years  and after concidering outside influences and personal reactions to common situations, this seemed to be the most probable   http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=mcivxigrjjq"
remembers when he was young  it seemed that life was so wonderful 
come check out this website  it is devoted to the best dinosaur ever! http annoyed  www thebestdinosaur com 
"gozer the traveler  he will come in one of the pre-chosen forms  during the rectification of the vuldrini, the traveler came as a large and moving torg! then, during the third reconciliation of the last of the mcketrick supplicants, they chose a new form for him: that of a giant slor! many shuvs and zuuls knew what it was to be roasted in the depths of the slor that day, i can tell you!"
"when i die, i'm going to donate my brain to the west amarillo bowling club "
just saw avatar  i am currently in a daze 
will have the best 8 hour work day of anyone on fb!
'cause heaven ain't close in a place like this
ostriches!!!! the solution to inch thick security glass 
finds it humorous how face book influences people to participate in a form of third person 
in loving memory  <propfirst> holeman
"on the twelfth day of christmas, my true love sent to me"
"for we are god's workmanship, created through christ jesus to do good works, which he has prepared in advance for us to do "
"in one fell swoop, my dad destroyed the very foundation and whole of my spacetime theory  naturally, with the newfound knowledge, i would reconstruct my ideas to make sence, but i probably won't  it doesn't really matter that much to me anymore   smile "
"after hours of countless hours of working on my office computer, it is alive again!!!! (mainly cuz i asked for help, but that is irrelevent )"
lol  cleverbot is the funniest  http annoyed  www cleverbot com j2convbydate-qg15171
thanks all for the great birthday! i had a good one 
"let's try this again     \what lies in the shadow of the groundhog?\"""""
stuff is hard 
woot  just checked out some cool new graphic novels  writer of story is <propmale> dekker!
i'm in a hurry so i won't be able to complete
"last night i lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and i thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling "
anything is possible with old-spice body wash i'm on a hoarse 
new favorite sandwich! penutbutter and twinky! om nom nom!    iz good 
the only thing we have to fear is fear its self      and crocodiles  we should fear those   
"the question is, \where isn't waldo \"""""
"in this sentence, there is a sectret message  of course like any secret message, there is a reason it is secret "
"get a sheet of paper, and make a list of 36 words, each that you think will show up at the top of the google suggestion box, when you type each of the single <propfirst> or letters of the alphabet into the search bar  then get onto google and see how many you got correct, then copy this and your results (points only) plus one example into your status  my score sad 4)   a sad amazon)  laugh "
what is truth if it is ignored?
frog blast the vent core!!!
awsome new  sherlock holmes 2 teaser!!!  this is so epic!!!!! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0
today = perfect weather to me 
song of the day http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=f2hmuadj5ma
"what do village children and fondu have in common? everything!!! find an article about fondu and replace every \fondu\"" with \""village children\""   """
ahs freeze <propfemale> school wide  next friday the 21  red shirt team versus blue shirt team  pass it along 
"i cannot know my own mind  am i light as a feather, floating in an endless sky, only to be weighted by the temporary ruts of life, or am i wallowing helplessly within a pit of reality, randomly and momentarily snatched to freedom by a beautiful fancy? i feel a born bird while in flight, but a life long prisoner by captivity  what is real and what is ephemeral?"
is sick and tired of letting people down 
"i wish for time and money, and now that's what i have "
"roses are red, violets are blue, 4 8 15 16 23 42 "
i'm really starting to hate fma 
"i can list at least three awe inspiring things that came out of <propfemale>  napoléon, <propfemale> d'arc, and daft punk "
"and if our god is for us, then who could ever stop us? and if our god is with us, then what can stand against?"
"they mades a song abouts meh!!!\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=eadzfoy37bk&feature=related"
"today, as i was driving to work, i had the windows rolled down, and the early morning breeze caught me on the back of the neck and unlocked long lost memories of my life before school  it felt like remembering a dream    i can truly say i miss those times   "
"aaahh!!! two things astound me!, one, how many times  in a row one can accidently rip inner ear-canal earbuds out of thier skulls without learning! two, that i decided to post this as my status before making sure my ears aren't bleeding!!!"
"sometimes, the most painful things we deal with, are what we inflict on ourselves      like when you drop a hammer on your foot  as it turns out, that hurts alot!!!"
"up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a "
"when it comes to geography and national control, austria is hungry"
those who do not remember their past are condemned to repeat their mistakes 
"you and your freind would probably be amazed at the fact that both of you just sneezed at the exact same time, if it werent for the fact that you were facing eachother   "
i've got the power!!!!
you know what  tv series i miss? gundam wing 
never eat a skinny cook 
"if you want to do something for 21 days, so it becomes a habit, and everyday of those 21 days you forget to do it, does forgetting to do it become a habit?"
is stealing <propfirst>'s status  how would you describe me in one word?
"like my status, and my brother will draw an awesome picture of you that is awesome!"
his armor is worth its weight 
"if <propfemale> can paint a house in 4 hours, and <propfirst> can paint the same house\ in 6 hour, how long will it take for both of them to paint the house \together?"
the sunrises was beautiful today   
"\gentlemen\"""""
dangit   
"if <propfirst> holeman and i created a ninja club at ac, who would join?"
"september\ is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and \friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \continue to conquer it! put this up for1 hour if you love someone who \has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you?"
"your castles may tumble, that's fate after all, life's really funny that way  no use to grumble, just smile as they fall, weren't you <propmale> for a day?"
"in the world of hope, black was different  in today's world, white is the new black "
i'm paranoid that my back will stab it'self in the front 
der feind des menschen ist das schnabeltier  
my ac in my pickup just started working again!!!!!!!
"blesses the rains, down in africa "
homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised to them!!! yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first!!! 1% will repost and 99% of the people on facebook won't have the spine or guts 
zombieway! eat flesh!
"to what better type of music can an octopus listen to, while dining on a succulent shark, than techno trance?"
http annoyed  chzsomuchpun files wordpress com 2010 09 4df9230f-b7d8-423a-a464-b3c791a83a18 jpg
"look at your status, now back to mine, now back to your status, now back to mine  sadly, yours isn't mine, but if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status, yours could be like mine  look down, now look back up  where are you? you're on facebook, reading the status your status could be like  i'm on a computer "
"make sure you are fully stopped before you put the car into park, unless you don't mind losing control of your car  also it is possible to get air in a buick via an intersection drainage ditch "
i must make a skeleton meteor using a crowbar covered in lettuce 
<propfirst> its not good to leave your facebook sign in so that everyone could see what you have  be carful with that next time 
my mother is brunette  just sayin 
"is\ asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th \",69d910d10d37aa0294007d80221b28b0,good night everyone! http annoyed  i48 tinypic com 2nanz1v jpg
don't ever make a deal with the devil  he's ten times trickier than i am 
i think my brain is leaking  good day so far  ^^
i love mah girlfriend!!!!! ^^!
"if i was gonna attempt to take over the world, who would like to join me?"
x'( i miss my girlfriend   
"just witnessed my math final review, which had apparently fallen into my pickup bed, flutter out, fly into the road, burst into three different pages, and get totally destroyed by oncoming traffic, all from my rear view mirror "
the author is only as dumb as their smartest character 
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face until monday, dec 6th  the cause? to stop child abuse! now go change your picture & invite all you friends to do the same "
"yesterday, i was one of the lonely people "
you can't spell slaughter without laughter 
"and they say, that in our time, we would reap from their legacy  we would learn from what they had seen, in our time  and they told us that in our days, we would know what was high on high  we would follow and not defy, in our time "
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http annoyed  www scificool com images 2010 10 daft-punk-tron jpg
"\listen! i know that sound  that is the sound of ultimate suffering  my heart made that sound when i lost the game \"""""
what magic the gathering color do you flourish in? - my result: you are a black planeswalker http annoyed  bit ly epsx30
like this status if you think you know me  comment if there is something you want to know about me  post this in your status and see who thinks they have you figured out 
wonderful pistachios http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ko_loeuavtm
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rrcf7dyadsw&amp;feature=related
good song  it has something to offer to every one who takes it to heart  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=y944yxue1ou
my computer froze 
"have you ever danced in the rain, or thanked the sun, just for shining?"
is in love 
sheep hate me becuase i am living proof you don't have to be one to follow a shepherd 
"i may dance to 4 4, but it ain't like any 4 4 you've ever heard in your entire life "
"leave it to a video game trailer to make me cry, and be depressed   "
post response test: reply to this post stating simply how old this post and the comment previous to yours was when you replied 
a third option specifically for egg lovers 
"\astronimical \"""""
i'mma yark now 
"it is true that our holy father loves all who inhabit the earth, so much in fact that he sacrificed his one and only son, so that anyone who accepted this gift would live with him eternally, instead of dying forever "
"what is so wrong about there being one way, one truth and one light?"
there is not one life jesus cannot make whole 
"so    i checked, and    my hair has the consistency of animal fur   "
"sibling war    post this to your status if you're the best and smartest of your siblings  if it stands for one hour without one of your siblings protesting, it's true!"
can't sleep    i guess it's a symptom too   
i miss you   
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you "
"\aaaaahh! curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!\"""""
i confess   
i hate being strict 
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along, 4 words are harder than you think "
"i've never smoked weed, been drunk, had sex, snuck out or smoked a cigarette  copy &amp; paste this as your status, and whoever \likes\"" it thinks you're lying """
i accidentally my computer 
http annoyed  www thinkwithportals com blog php?id=5181&amp;p=1 bot trust!
shotguns are a blast!
the best ending has the hardest beginnings 
