dd677c72df30070e7ca6c156e087e965
doesn't know what she's gotten herself into   
finally had a day off and slept till 12pm  laugh 
is looking forward to thanksgiving and getting all her hair cut off!!  laugh 
can not figure out how to bend facebook to her will and put those little blog thingys under her profile n friends boxes  troubled 
wants anonymous comments in her honesty box  now!
's hair is all gone  joyful 
loves her hair!!!  laugh 
thinks happy pets is a scheme to make you want to adopt more cats then you can handle and make you into a horder!  playful 
doesn't wanna go to schoooool <sob>
is super duper excited that zach and family are coming up for christmas!!!  laugh 
is cold!
is sooo happy zach is in town!!!!
"is a lil sad now that zach is gone, but still thankful that she got to see him   smile "
has a new addition to her left ring finger  laugh 
no school tomarrow either! check cancellations com if you don't believe me  laugh 
"really, really, really doesnt like being cold  troubled "
"really, really, really truely didn't think she would place at the drama competion, considering she had only performed her story twice   but snatched second, qualifying her for state!!!"
"can't talk, can't breath, can't stop coughing and wants to cut her larynx out  troubled "
is finally feeling better!  smile 
visited three tattoo shops in fort <propmale> wood friday and is totally psyched! both for getting a tattoo and e playful loring becoming a tattoo artist!  laugh 
has to go to school today   yay drama and <propmale>! boo calculus  annoyed 
doesn't know what to do with herself
needs a prom dress   
",with the greatly appreciated assistance of her aunt <propfemale>, found a prom dress!"
",on a random tuesday in april over a week ago, did something a little crazy, a little spontaneous, and a lot of fun that some of you already know of but havn't seen, so pictures soon to come  smile "
"had a really crazy weekend, but enjoyed it very much  joyful "
went to the hill (italian influenced area) in st  <propfirst> and had fun with latin friends saturday  laugh 
is going to try defying gravity
feels so unloved
is still breathing
thank you everyone for acknowledging my birth!  laugh 
is moving to <propfemale> in one week (give or take a day)  laugh 
made it to ga safe and sound and is ready to find a job!  laugh 
job hunted like crazy and just got an offer for a part time job at k-mart  smile 
"hi, i'm <propfemale>, and i'm addicted to frontierville "
only once my hair started to get mullet-ish in the back did i at last let a southerner cut my hair   
"is there any difference between \english (us)\"" and \""english (uk)\"" in the language settings?"""
"has fallen in love   with the \english (pirate)\"" language setting  joyful """
wishes she was old enough to fall in love and marry agent booth and perhaps even consider bearing his children   
want a fine headache? switch your language setting to english (upside down)
zach has a job!!!  laugh 
"made some strong steps in the direction of finding an apartment yesterday, so i suppose you could say it was a good day   smile "
"signed a one year lease for 136 valley rd statesboro, ga yesterday and is moving in friday  joyful "
paid the deposits on water and electricity and is getting really excited about moving in!  laugh 
"had a crazy weekend, but succeeded in moving into a 2 bed 2 bath condo  smile "
bought flatware last night that she adores  smile  still need drinking glasses tho  laugh 
cooked hashbrowns and eggs for dinner last night without burning the house down and zach was kind enough to lie and say they were delicious!  laugh 
will learn how to time dinners correctly  <propfemale> <propfemale> smith will learn how to time dinners correctly  <propfemale> <propfemale> smith will learn how to time dinners correctly  <propfemale>   
well that was about the stupidest thing i've ever done   and i know you're all going to ask so here it is   i locked myself out of the house >_>
made duplicates of the house keys so we may never speak of this incident again 
oh why must the cold morning rush through the shuttered windows of those of us whom love the dark of night and its sweet embrace of sleep?
dance monkey! dance!
the chill of winter's tide creeps into my home  now be driven back! back i say! by warmth of furnace glow!
"made some new friends, spent too much money, but really had a good time today  joyful "
"ah, three days free  three day to sleep "
finally has a moment to take a breath and tell the world that she and zach have welcomed two whiskery fuzz balls into their family  laugh 
"the official word is, previously mentioned fuzz balls are dubbed <propfemale> and <propmale>, but we were thinking of swiching to <propfemale> and tom   hmmm decisions, decisions"
is looking forward to seeing her pops n sis for christmas!  joyful 
"is soooooo happy her dad and sis made it safely to ga and was able to spend christmas with them and <propmale> c  smith's family  furthermore, i'm praising the wonderful lord who made it possible and giving thanks for all the blessings he's bestowed upon me this year!"
"is wondering about trying a new styling product for her hair   gel, putty, mousse   so many choices!"
