fed624d47e2fe82ae20dcaebc6cc3022
got a full 4yr scholarship for college last night  im exciited  laugh 
knew that when she signed onto facebook her news feed would be flooded with <propfirst> jackson-related statuses  rip 
isn't even going to try anymore   annoyed \
should absolutely never say anything 
everyones going to see <propmale> potter  aw  i wish i had friends too  haha 
cant sleep   annoyed \
insomnia  again   annoyed 
got her rooming assignment smile 
couldnt even pass the pretest for this college alcohol test junk  ohh geeee 
passed her college alcohol test  laugh  95% ahaha  yay for screenshots   
ishomeee smile 
"i like how my parents have finally decided to care about my college crap, but only because its looking like they might actually have to pay for something "
movie screening in a cemetary    is it weird that i kind of want to go? haha 
just found out she has a <propmale>  wow  that was    une playful ected 
is in pain    stupid sidewalk 
is almost ready to start thinking about packing 
officially hates packing 
is on her way to claremont!
did not want to get wet tonight  &managed to stay (almost) totally dry smile 
kiiiinda wants to go home smile 
anyone want a mini iphone? my sister's selling for $50  smile 
missed breakfast  smile 
finally got her phone  smile  (but couldnt afford texting  hahahh )
hates that books are <propfemale> e playful ensive  d:
starts classes tomorrow smile  (srsly? that probably sounds more exciting than it is)
"bought store brand wheat thins because they were $1 50 cheaper  but theyre really, really, really wheaty   annoyed "
kindaa feels out of place here     smile 
is going home for the weekendddd 
is superr tired  (whaaaat? it's not even 8 smile 0!!)
has classes tomorrow   
is heading back to school   
"wow  <propfirst> swayze, rip "
misses the yogurt place in <propfemale> <propfemale> d:
wants to draw pictures &put them on her wall(=
has ooodles of reading to do    i need to find more ways to procrastinate smile 
wants to flash mob dance  laugh 
"hates financial aid very, very much "
missed being at home smile   love 
has tons of reading & writing to do    darn fhs!  annoyed 
seems to have lost half her notes    how am i going to write this essay?  annoyed 
is superr tired &not at all in the mood to be productive  annoyed 
is finally ready to start writing her essay & getting junkk doneee smile 
is stupid  why am i in college? d:
"as of right now, i haven't finished my essay, i haven't studied for science, and i haven't straightened my hair  and of the three, i'm most bummed about my hair  d:"
is home smile 
is constantly amazed that people could be so into college football   
why is there statistics in my environmental science?  annoyed 
is running out of ways to procrastinate    d:
"i am extremelyyy tired, but i know i'll be sad tomorrow morning if i dont straighten my hair now  ohhh, the sacrafices i make   "
someone should help me with my calculus smile  its only one problem!!
the sky is turning blue outside  oh no! d:
back in claremontttt   
doesnt want to studyyy d:
is confused by this new facebook stuff  live feed? news feed? whaaaaat?
"boo  stupid facebook application   sorry if i \sent\"" you a \""vide0 message\"" hahah """
its not even 7 and i'm so so tired d: idontwannagetsickkkk 
doesnt really feel like being productive     smile 
"if anyone finds my id card, let me know? please7thank you!"
someone find my id card for meee d:
really wanted to go home this weekend     looks like its not gonna work out   annoyed 
my lesson of the night: a 100-calorie bag of popcorn will start to smoke &smell up the room when microwaved for too long    
"my lesson of the night: eggs are very important to making brownies  if you dont have eggs, you cant have brownies     hahah "
"so this really kinda freaked me out: the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale> "
still hasnt started her paper at all  (i'm really going to hate myself for this tomorrow    hah  oh well ) goodnight smile 
is in the library  hopefully i can concentrate heree smile 
cant concentrate  ahhhh    crap 
"this is a really, really bad essay  hahah  oh well  its too late to switch to a new topic    smile "
"sitting on the floor of my room, listening to bellx1 and the smiths, writing an essay, and eating instant ramen at midnight  ohh, yeah   this is collegeeeeeee "
wow  sunrise pretty  
is now using facebook in pirate english  hahaha 
i stink  smile   love  and i shouldnt leave my computer on for people to take over and post on my statuses muwahahahahahahaha
"awkward elevator rides are, well    awkward  maybe i should take the stairs more often?"
"considering how much i love sleep, it's pretty amazing how late i'm up every night, and how early i'm up ever morning   "
its 9:45 and i'm so tired i just want to sleep for the next 10 or so hours  annoyed  must  continue  studying   
whyyy cant i concentrate d:
"ive been sitting here for the last few hours, swearing that i'm 'just about to start my essay ' no progress has been made  d:"
is it necessarily a bad thing if the essay i'm about to write doesn't respond to any of the essay topics my professor gave us?
"whenever i come to the library, i manage to be less productive than i am in my room  this isnt supposed to happen   "
alllmost done    !
is [finally] done with finals smile 
"to everyone whos going back already, have fun at school tomorrow smile "
"listening to heartbreak hotel  happy birthday, elvis! smile "
eeeeehhh  one more week and then its back to claremont   
windwindwindwindwind love 
"sooo i'm locked outside my dorm room  yay, college "
rainrainrainrainrain love 
dinner time  geeee    meals are so much harder without my ipod d:
doesnt see herself getting much sleep tonight  so this is why procrastination is a bad thing    hah 
can now text without feeling bad  hahah smile 
"i'm obviously not going to be productive at all, so i might as well just go to sleeeeep     smile "
when did i unlearn how to bs a paper?!?
really hates being sick 
doesnt feel like reading her calc book tonight    sleep sounds so much better smile 
good luck to everyone who has finals this week smile 
"\everybody's dancing in the moonlight   \"" [:"""
i hate econ i hate econ i hate econ  that is all   love 
so i just got an email that my student id had been turned in  first thought: when did i lose my id?!
so it was rainy and lovely this morning  and now its <propfemale>  whyyyy d:
goooood night[:
econ = baddddddd d:
booooo econ!!
asdfghjkl;' this school makes me mad sometimes  annoyed \
"midterm tomorrow  very unprepared, and very tired  rip calc grade "
sooo i register tomorrow morning  what classes should i take?  annoyed 
so much studying was supposed to happen today  oooops  ohwell 
"is going to start drafting a really long paper  hah, yeah, wish me luck "
just saw another <propfemale> [: &is done with classes this semester !!
study study study
needs to learn how to study 
i'm now pretty much convinced i'm really going to fail my econ exam tomorrow d:
is done! [: (well  with finals  i still have a paper to write   )
time to write lit essay d:
i hate it when painkillers dont work 
"play pacman on google com today [: wait about 10 seconds and then you get to play  \insert coin\"" for 2 players  <propfemale> coooool  laugh """
so apparently today is quit facebook day  ahahah
"hahah my dad just said \they googled directions for me on    whats that phone called? strawberry?\"""""
am i shaking or is california shaking?  annoyed 
so i guess people are pretty excited about the lakers or whatever 
still cant believe im here  annoyed  hahah ohhh the sacrifices you make for friends   
letting go of someone doesn't have to be the same as forgetting them 
my tummy box hurts d:
ughhh freaking claremont d:
"dear cmc, i hate you  love, <propfemale> "
i would totally transfer if i could think of another school to go to 
carpinteria!!
"\the miss universe pageant is fixed  all the winners are from earth \"""""
d:
2nd class of the day also canceledddd hahha
whyyy cant i be productiveeeee? d:
i need to be feeling some sort of emotion right now but i don't know how to react 
"study, study   "
thats a fierce wind 
fire alarm at 1 am    reallly?
it's going to be okay!
i hate that i'm still up ):
finally done with classes for the semesterrrr :
3 finals today and then i'm done  lets do thisssssssssss [:
im so tireddddddd    but i'm officially done with this semesterr  smile 
"i like how no one realizes that the tropical zodiac (which is the one the western world uses) doesn't even include the \new\"" zodiac sign  geeeeze """
"get me away from here, i'm dying    ?"
i have a lot of trouble being productive ):
i forgot how big uc irvine is  one freshman dorm here houses more people than go to my whole school hahah
