88d129bdf126aed0da486bbb7ef83957
happy new years everyone!!!
start the new year off working 24 hours straight     again!
"so like, i have a question   i know it's going to sound stupid but hey, i'm still a facebook virgin  when someone posts on your wall and you comment back, do they get notified that you commented back? or should you do the wall-to-wall thing so that your comment appears on their wall? lol totally confused    "
yay!!! i have 15 friends!!!! lol    this is sad!
"i hate people who think they are important    when really, no one cares! i can think of one person in particular   "
"today, is dentist day   i hate the dentist, always sitcking their metal tools in my mouth!"
i joined gold's gym!!! first official workout session was yesterday and my body hurts like hell this morning! gotta love that feeling   
"i never knew credit reports could be so dang detailed   its kind of scary when you think about it   those companies know pretty much everything about your finances, occupation, addresses etc   "
is watching hoarders: buried alive right now  the power of the human mind never fails to amaze me 
is missing my family and home   
is at work and bored as hell   
"survived the first day of my last semester in school   i cant wait for it to be done   also got clearance to graduate from my two degrees, now i just need university clearance  smile "
lost 13 lbs in one month! i'm on a roll!
passed my first exam of the semester! go me!!!! lol
starbucks caramel macchiato ice cream is awesomely delicious!
20lbs lost and counting yay!!!!
is not feeling good  sad 
lost 30lbs so far!!! only 40 more to go till i hit my goal!
"i don't like people who claim to be your \friend\"" but then fail to prove its true   why even bother???"""
its snowing  sad 
watching cake boss   i've always wanted a cake made of fondant   a pooh bear shaped cake  smile  that would be awesome!
"so, i went and saw happy potter and the deathly hallows part 1 last night    and it sucked!!!!!! oh my god it was bad   it was rushed and they left out so much and changed alot too   the point of making 2 movies out of one book was so that they wouldnt have to rush through it all  but they did!!! it was totally not worth staying up till 4am!"
it's cold      sad 
sometimes i wonder why in the world i moved to utah   especially when its 16 degrees outside with 4 inches of snow on the ground and the high for the following day is 13 degrees with the low being -3 degrees!!!!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!
only one more exam (and its not even a final) left in my last semester of undergraduate school! so close to being done     smile 
i got accepted into the psychology masters program at the university of utah   not sure if i want to go just yet though   
lost a total of 41 lbs so far!!!!!! only 29 more to go till i reach my goal!!!!
chocolate cheerios are awesomely delicious  smile 
attention: the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles  there doing it because kids wil accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture  it has nothing to do with any child charities  it's on tonights news        copy& paste this on to your status    - let everyone know  change ur pic back asap
"well, i am officially done with my undergraduate degree! it feels weird   "
first professional work interview this morning   fingers crossed that i get the job    smile 
why can't i do magic? then my house and clothes and car would clean itself!!!!
cant wait till my family gets here!
woohooo!!!!! got my 4 0 this last semester! i cant believe its over!
had fun at <propfirst>'s family christmas <propfemale> dinner  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
only 2 hours left of working a straight 24 hour shift  smile 
needs a break from life! sometimes i wish i could go back and be a kid again so that i wouldnt have to deal with everything!
finally got a second job!!!! praise the lord god almighty!!!! now lets just hope my current job will work with me on my schedule    *prays*
i love my new my touch 4g phone smile 
start the second job tomorrow   wish me luck and for the strength to work 70 hour weeks!
it's 1 11 11  awesome date
the kids are sleeping so here i am on facebook lol   
sick and tired   literally
enjoying my yummy ready teriyaki chicken from sanseis
hey all   my new address is 910 capital street ogden utah 84401   
the one thing that sucks about working in a daycare is the fact that you always get sick   this is my second cold in the past two weeks   damn nose!
no matter the deed needing undone and no matter the cost that will in the end be paid   i will love you more then yesterday but less then tomorrow   
is dying for some leonards malasadas!!!!!!
"why?\why cant life be simple?\why cant things go according to plan?\why cant hard work pay off?\why cant people get along in this world?\why do people have to suck so badly?\why cant i have been the one raised in a secure,caring, financially stable home?\why do i have to work so damn hard for every single little thing thats good in my life?\why?????"
think the third cold in one month is on its way   this is not cool!
"having a twilight saga day  smile    just watched twilight, now on to new <propfemale> (my least favorite of them all)"
"finally got the courage to quit my discovery clubhouse job  pray i find a new, better job   "
got a ticket for remote starting my car and leaving it running unattended   wtf is the point of having the system if i'm gonna get ticketed for it?
happy valentines day everyone! i hope you get to spend it with someone special whether the love of your life or your best friend  smile 
i can't believe i live in a country that would cut funding to environmental and social services in order to fund nascar
watching the snow fall makes me sleepy   :: yawn::
going home in april!!!! finally   after almost 3 years   
sometimes lifes a bitch   and then you die   what a blast!
interview today for a job i really want   wish me luck  smile 
is tired and sore   not cool
"is nauseated, tired and sore   i hope this doesn't last a long time"
don't know how i feel about at&t buying t mobile   not the biggest fan of at&t
"so far, i love my new mac     so far    "
"the twilight saga: the official illustrated guide will be released on april 12th 2011!!!!!!! well, its only 2 years late    lol finally"
"just woke up and the first thing i do is throw up   how can you throw up with nothing in your stomach, not even water?"
