26e1a8551b60569a8951f98029e4404d
"\just because you can doesn't mean you should \"""""
it's about time  i miss the thunderstorms of spring   
tax the stupid people!!! there would be no debt
the lightning is beautiful tonight no city street lights to block it out 
summer colds suck so much more than winter colds!!!!
"working on my metal working merit badge, anyone with a slide hammer? } smile "
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes  you guys rock!
feeling the british pop bug
"99 bottles of so  co  on the wall 99 bottles of so  co    and only one glass   eh, could be worse"
"ok, enough of a warm up  i need social interaction"
pneumonia? in the middle of the summer? really? ughh!!!
enneagram personality style -- my result: type 8  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 592118 referrals status?aid=523573577
ughh!!!! 6 days laying around being sick and 15000 songs later i may have to resort to watching tv      dammit!
"i don't understand how so many can sit on their a@#% on unemployment, hell, even not on unemployment  i'm going stir crazy  my dr  will kill me but i've got to get out and do some work today  let's see how good these antibiotics really are!!"
"heat, penonia pneumonia      it's just been a rough week    damn "
"yea!!! the lawn is all purdy again  now to water, wait, and repeat "
yeah!!!! rents are home  5 wks in italy and they survived!!!
"it's amazing that as much as we learn about ourselves, just leaves us with the knowledge of how little we know about ourselves "
why is it that when one ex is created all the other ex's seem to come out of the wood work?
if my memory fails is there a way to reboot my brain?
"smokin' cigarettes and watchin' captain kangaroo, now don't tell me, there's nothin' to do   "
limitations? no one ever said i'd have to accept limitations  i don't wanna!!!
"hi ho, hi ho    well that's all ya get   "
"what do you have, when you get all you can, but not all you're worth?"
"google sky is cool, but seeing the actual stars is so much better   "
"after sorting through thousands of sockets, wrenches, screwdrivers, drills, etc    i now have a complete set of tools in one place! yay"
"if you ask someone to tell someone to be other than they are you are wrong  if you can't deal with someone or someone's \gayness\"" then fuck you and what you are about  if you can dance and sing with the faggot at the party then don't bitch because they made you feel uncofortable   str8 wench """
"who would change your life for one person, would you accept someone placing you outside of what youve built to be something that makes someone feel better???"
moving day sucks! but i'm 78% packed up   it's annoying when people ask you to help move and they haven't packed everything 
"just moved out of choctaw and wouldn't you know, i'm back and dealing with fires again!!!! after blizzards, fires, tornadoes, and earthquakes i'm glad my <propfemale> is paid up   well mostly "
