09d49911150e25d523ca42a590b3f06d
i resolve to be even more awesome this year 
ok  i need to know who uses skype 
just got internet at my place  yeah!
<propmale> is losing what is left of his mind 
everything and nothing 
is slowly dying 
i am dancing to reggae   smile 
i am alone  and it's my own fault  i think i prefer it  alone is easy 
"why are the words, \you wanna get coffee sometime?\"" so freakin' hard to say?"""
"i want to be a werewolf  the speed, the power, the senses, the predatory nature, it would be awesome "
new tv! yeah! now they will feel my fury in hd 
i am having fun  i have no plans for the four day weekend  i must make plans 
the weekend is here  whoopde doo 
to much social inequality  the system must die  muahahahahaha! whooo  i feel better now 
"and since i've no place to go, let it snow, let it snow, let it snow "
http annoyed  stormlancer blogspot com
"i forgot halloween was here  i don't do halloween  i watched hocus pocus, i know what halloween is  anyone gonna be bringing back witches this year let me know  i need adventure "
2nd degree burns suck  ow 
"in war, victory  in peace, vigilance  in death, sacrifice "
"i am considering something rather unconventional  i don't know what it is yet, but it's forming "
still recovering from thanksgiving  got mauled by mini-lions  can't show kids a moments weakness 
so full  so happy 
"last  final  over  i love it's over, i love that school is out  i love the freedom, i love to scream and shout  i love this season, with all it's christmas cheer  bomm-de-yada "
i  think i'm going down i may be getting sick  figures 
i think i should've stayed away for the holidays 
i am currently existing in the <propfemale> space between homicidal rage and maniacal laughter  could go either way 
"ok  got skype back up  it's timothy dungar if anyone is interested  if not, i probably didn't want to hear from you anyway  lol"
"i was so much more comfortable when i didn't know that the colors were the underwear  i applaud the cause, but i didn't need to know that about my friends "
<propmale> is back! woohoo!!!!!!
sick of offers that require you to fill out surveys
one week and i'm back in <propmale>!
i have have decided that people are simple  dealing with them is hard 
back in <propmale>
back in west hall  room 123 if anyone wants to stop bya nd say hi  trying to fit all my stuff in 
i'm in new orleans!
my brother got married today!
"i hate being single on <propfirst>'s day  so, basically, i hate <propfirst>s's day "
working out everyday starts to feel good 
"movies, videogames, workout, eat, sleep, repeat  springbreak is boring "
i hate doing stupid stuff and then everything goes to $h!# because of it 
"i am become procrastination, destroyer of grades "
is back in ohio  somebody gonna get hurt 
i am starting to get annoyed at facebook 
feels pretty good after letting off a few rounds 
flying cheesecake fortress        of doom!
wonders what it would be like to rocket luge inside an atom smasher 
is back in <propmale>!
's phone is dead  and he is soooooooooooooooo bored  destruction to commence 
has just concluded today's lesson in awesome!
my phone is completely dead  bought a new charger and the phone won't charge  this is really annoying 
all right  i got a new phone but they couldn't transfer my contacts  send me a text with your name or give me a call plz 
soooooooo          hottttttttttttttttt          brainnnnnnnnnnnn           melitnnnnnnnnnnng
sometimes you just have to make the best of a murderous rampage 
i am a sexy shoeless god of war!!!
is lonely 
is getting ready to travel for a <propmale> wedding!
is still unable to find a job opening for world dictator 
i need a more complicated life 
job hunting  not as fun as regular hunting 
it feels like autumn 
i'm bored  i'm gonna sing the doom song! doom doom doom doom doom de doom!
there's something that just feels wrong when it takes more than one headshot to kill an enemy 
rockin' the big easy! i wish my friends were here 
"my computer is slag, my xbox is dead  if this keeps up i may have to get a real life "
ooh-ee-ooh-ah-ah-ting-tang-walla-walla-bing-bang 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone 
new computer and i am back online!
some days you just want to give fate a punch in the face 
some of my most awesome moments begin as my most stupid ideas 
i hate it when the voices in my head get smart with me 
freezing rain is like a beautiful woman  nice to look at but you know it's gonna be trouble 
"it's not that i like people to be hurt, it's just that i know a lot of people who deserve it "
i love rain  it's peaceful 
