0aa8d0439aef928262458b1e1a346e94
gahhh! i wanna move out here!  playful 
r i p  - yet who's the third? they say death comes in  threes   so far only two   
my feet hurt - and sea cadets arent actually that bad!!! lol   marine vets are fun to talk to!  laugh  i had fun!
wow - i hate the internet    and i hate the fact i'm addicted  what a damned drug   
well at least i got to talk to him  laugh  wasnt much but i learned alot   lets hope for more tomorrow!!! maybe i can convince him to come visit  playful 
i'm scared - nervous - broken and is in texas
"i'm home, bored, and want to see someone in particular! grrr "
"bout to head to bed, but people should like call me or something  laugh  not now, but like in the afternoon tomorrow or something      playful "
"wow, i'm like oober confused now  playful "
"ok - so like - i'm supposed to be working, but really what do i do? nothing    this is retardedly ridiculous! lol    "
"busy getting the majority of my senior portfolio done, since i didn't have to <propmale> to with the rest of y'all! lol  but still finding time to talk  laugh  so hit me up!"
had fun  then one phone call killed the night  oh well  there is still tomorrow  goodnight  laugh 
bored   bored   bored   in sl    bored    bored    gah!
 laugh  my mommy's funny   
oh btw - i'm making my own prom dress!! who all is going?
 laugh  mom    your funny    your really     reeeeallly funny  laugh 
i'm half way done with my dress! well at least    nearly half way - and the rest is should be easy-peezy-squeezy!  laugh 
this is not good   not good at all   
"cayte matthews so - woke up at 10  cut everything out for dresses  soccer game at 3 smile 0 in alameda  won  surprise   i was so bored in the goal box, i could have finished my ssr book for english lol - it was sad - we were dancing around like doofuses 2nd half  ended the game with 7 v 11  yea - ick   got home, started sewing, and i have a bun   ch done! more sewing tomorrow!!! gah! break? nah   almost done!  laugh "
my dress is done!!!!  laugh  and it looks real nice! oh yea - so today - up at 10  sewing at 11  mom decided video time would be fun while me and <propfemale> sang to music and worked on our stuffs  so she's stoked  and    well   yea  i finished my dress  <propfemale>'s is almost done  and unfortunately - school tomorrow  sad  well  yea  nighty night! next soccer game - may 8th  2:45 at hornet field on the pier  will be an aggressive one!
so - i did my good deed for the day  laugh  i feel accomplished!
so i guess i had an overall good day  i'm just hoping everything works out tomorrow   
nighty night  my phones out so yea - msg me    please?
"so my day was just oober weird  stupid driver this morning  decent day at school  got me a capp  and it was delicious!!! went to wood to <propfemale> w stebbins and hartwig and got a couple girls to stop fighting, as well as taking scores for shotput  then i hit every single red light in alameda on my way home!!! gah! then i was behind slow people  and now i'm home - confused - and bored    *tear*"
can i curl up in a ball and scream yet? grr     playful 
"well i got home a bit ago, and this weekend was definately a trip lol  morning i got all prettied just to have a game in the afternoon where i got all kinds of messed up  then prom with my sister and our dates  then off to the hotel at 1 am lol and me and <propfemale> drove around the bay all day today lol trying to get out of being lost! i'm sore and tired but had a wonderful time! w00t!!!"
"isk! my head is pounding! maybe next time it wont be so bad - cause going from a bang on the head (via metalish post) to a loud and very enjoyable evening at prom, defninately did not help! lol  and i still have work to do\:z"
"i've been sitting too long lol    and i'm too much in pain to move to clear off my couch to go to sleep    grr   i didnt get anything done today that i needed to  wait - not true - one thing  laugh  i smiled  laugh  alot! \goodnight"
goodnight  laugh  my day got much better towards the end  hopefully tomorrow is all good   laugh 
i'm home and i'm bored   oh well  time to type and clean  msg or comment me peeze  laugh  we shall talk
"slowly progressing,    "
<propfemale> timeeeee!!! w00000t!
"just had a friggin awesome time with my lovey <propfemale> marhx   went for ice cream, then the park where a group of guys got in trouble wit' the copperz  then home, dinner, and spent the rest of the time goofin off in front of the webcam! lol pics up soon  laugh "
so yea - prom pics are in and you should see my sisters!!! awe!!! it so purrrty  laugh    
totally not looking forward to this weekend   
ok - so i'm still not asleep - next time i wont have so much soda while playing darts and gettin all riled up! lol   game in like    10 hours   wow - and i'm not even tired     well goodnight    <propfemale> kats!!!! woot!
gah - just leave me alone already!
i dont wanna go     sad  i wanna sleep
had a long day - up and down  time to get it goin! lol   goodnight boiiz!
"the more i think about what will happen between now and this summer, the sadder i get     "
super exhausted  but yet i cant rest    grrr    hey texas buddies! i'm tryina come down there for ur graduation! can ya help me out?
totally stoked! just ran into my former girl scout leader!!!! w00t! she's been around the world!! lol  sorry - that made my day  laugh 
*sigh*
"well thats just wonderful  i just finished my term paper, and will turn it in, but i'm sick    tummy not so happy - so yea   friggin sickies    grrr"
so what is everyone doing for senior skip day?
grrr     myyt head hurts     night
i wanted to but got interrupted  now its just gona be awkward since its kinda obvious n out       *tear*  sad 
"eyyy! today was busy  ish    but i totally had a great time  made 4 new friends  laugh  who are super cool  laugh  but before that had an even better laugh with a better friend  laugh  o o  playful \i'm hyper now since i had a coke    hehehehe well gotta get to bed  long day tomorrow yelling at random people  laugh  *hugs*!"
"\aguackly   \"" ~ <propfemale> matthews"""
do i wanna say whats on my mind? no    because no one will know  laugh      grrr     laugh  g'night love
had an awesome weekend! fanime and <propfemale> cruz   not lookin forward to school  but hella memories made this weekend    and imma be hella sad when i leave     sad 
wow   just wow    i'm so just irked i dont know what to say    meow   ? lol    goodnight
well this is a b*tch  so f*ckin' obvious  oh well  i tried  can't wait to be gone - then  there'll be no worry i guess  *peace - -
"just a couple more days, and then it's off to the real-er world! eek!!! i need a big ol' group hug! lol     *hug*"
had the most interesting dinner    and just finishing up some last minute stuff  not too bad i guess  i just wish all the drama would friggin stop  goodnight
yummy yummy food!!! glad i took first final yesterday! me <propfemale> see fruity  smile 
i can't believe its tomorrow    less than 24 hours and its all over  *tear*
so it's over now  and all i can think about is all the fun we all had  but last night was <propfemale>  fun i'll never forget it  i love you all class of 2010! stay in touch  and congratulations! we did it! now what to do?     grrr
had fun today at the railway museum with my dad  sister  brother and grandma  old town sac  tomorrow!  woot
today was a good make up some sleep till 5 pm then church for food at 630  now i just count down the months before i'm officially out of the house and working my arse off  playful 
long day  lots to think about  but as i always say        i got this 
rafting was awesome! but now i have i huge bruise on my <propfemale>! but falling was sooooo worth it!!
poke me if you ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm cute  inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment a  smile  if we're friends  comment a ):< if you hate me  comment a heart if you wanna be more than friends  now let's see who is brave enough to put this as their status
as if this could get any more annoying then it already is
"not too dramatic of a day - still have my cough, but at least now its just a cough, and nothing with it  playful   still super tired  and i'm gonna look at a <propfemale> tomorrow! and maybe another puppy!!!"
grr i'm out for school!
gah!!!! i hate <propfirst>!
still at court but havin fun  this jury is awesome to talk to! free coffee!
the only two things that will survive the next world war: cockroaches  and <propfemale> 
lyin bastard  get ur fucking story straight and quit messin around! on a lighter note      i got another funky tan today from waterworld 
im done  bye 
in er  it sucks 
im out  im ok  just tired now  good morning europe! lol
"had fun hangin with passion and mahmood on the corner today   playful  \did u do ur      uh       *looks confused*    army?    thing?\"" -mahmood  good times  smile """
can i just figure this out already? ick    too much stress to go along with waaaay too much drama  at least jury duty is fun - i get to <propfemale> with stranger friends for half a day every day! awesomesauce!!!!
can i just be gone yet? gah!     stupid song stuck in my head - so catchy yet very depressing    *tear*
i just had a nice laugh - but good night for now    hopefully that good mood will last through the morning tomorrow at least  
i just want out! this is too good to be real  it must be a dream  someone wake me up already!  playful 
"so i'm home    not in as much pain anymore, the doctors wasnt so bad   but leaving in the morning for a 13 hour road trip to washington state    fun!!!! on to see the fam! be back later      laugh "
too much on my mind    and pain in my abs  not the good kind  i can't sleep - and i'm suddenly extremely depressed  
"we made it to ocean shores, wa  gonna be here for a few days    good to see the grandparents again, but the company is irritating    now, i have time to sort out my thoughts   hopefully     do i really have to \harvest\"" that lavender g pa????"""
"wow - first, old memories coming to light, and now this? what a way to spend the first night on vacation  "
jeeze! can she not get over the fact that i'm done taking attitude from her!!! shit - i've got things i'm doing too! ugh     familly is soooo irritating!
"so i feel like an offensive person now  and not the good kind    if there is a good kind     hmmmm  \- but on a lighter note - i just got done having a delicious dinner - fresh oyster, fresh crab, salad, bread and garlic butter    yummy  laugh "
"just got back from the beach - cold at first and very foggy, but then grandma wanted to see how far out i could go without getting too wet - and i ended up getting soaked waste down     the waves were splashing a lot  playful   the seagulls beat us to the sand dollars, but we are going to try again tomorrow  - now i'm at the house, all toasty, and found shells in front of the house from the seagulls dropping them  playful  cool!"
o o i think its time for s'mores!!!  laugh  <propfemale>!
yum yum yum!!! i had like    3 s'mores with reese's and 4 with chocolate! maybe more    i stopped counting! hehehehehe i'm hyper now  laugh  talk to me!!!
playing burning monkey solitaire   hella fun! lol  i love the choices - currently i'm playing beleaguered castle    sometimes i do like old computers
"today was awesome! - pancakes w  homemade blueberry sauce and cupcakes w  tea for breakfast  got mad at dinner: chicken cordon bleu, scalloped oysters, green beans and baked potatoes  went rock gemstone hunting at <propmale> point, played mexican train dominoes   i got 3rd place! it was the most hilarious time ever  just got done having quite an entertaining convo with my mum n g ma and now    i'm hecka hyper!!!"
"well now that i'm thoroughly annoyed depressed angered and what not, i think i will try to read myself to sleep  sad  and text a friend or two  laugh "
"just got back from <propmale> point beach again, and am about to eat some delicious pizza and play mexican train dominoes again with my mom <propfemale> christian, <propfirst>, and my grandma denier and grandpa denier  laugh "
"darn grandma!!!! i only was 10 points behind you in the end!!!! grrr     oh well - it was a great set of rounds! we are getting a copy to bring home with us!!! so if some of my friends wanna come over to learn - let me know! its mexican train dominoes!!! fun, social and competitive  laugh "
"with everything on my mind, and heading out in the morning - imma go pass out now  text me if you wanna talk - i'm always free  laugh     'night"
"heading out in about an hour to go see aunt <propfemale>!!!! in oregon  laugh  this will be interesting since i'm super hyper on coffee, and an amazing book in my head - every last detail - including the typo on <propfemale> 328  playful   i'm so excitttteed!!! i can't wait! text me if you got my number  laugh  imma be somewhat bored  playful "
"today was a laid back day - slept in, then went to the rock store, got some cool stuffs, came back had a great dinner of homemade <propmale> n cheese, bbq'd chicken, salad, and bread with pesto  tried vanilla soy milk for the first time - amazing! lol\thenk took the cuzins out for a walk; irie was crazy about that ball!!!  playful  vanka just laid back  puck - <propfemale> n adorable, <propmale> cuzin <propmale>, loud and obnoxious but sooo cute!"
"just got back to cali - i'm at my mums  had an awesome time in estacada and <propfirst>, oregon  went to the <propfirst> county fair with my uncle <propfirst> denier  had hecka good time  wish i coulda stayed  laugh  \anywho - i'm back so if y'all wanna <propfemale> - msg comment or text me  i'll have more update on my last days of vaca when i'm feeling better "
"\its just smoke     from an old flame    the smoke disappears in the wind    its just smoke    from an old flame - he'll look in your eyes    tell you more lies    girll then he'll burn you again    \"" - ain't that the truth """
been busy lately - and such a depressing time  i only got so many weeks left    its insane  contact me to <propfemale> out - and not an hour before 
ok so    5 weeks and 6 days! and i'm out!      uh oh   
4 weeks and 3 days      its gettin closer!!!  playful 
so my recruiters tell me i'm not leaving in october    medical reasons push me back to the possible earliest of february    :'''''''''(     i'm pissed!
so i'm hungry      hmmm    my sisters forgotten cocoa from this morning and my burritos    laugh  good late lunch
so i leave wednesday morning at 5 am for a trip to tx to take care of my tests  and i ship out oct 11th - and thats all i know for now  keep ya posted 
just landed in <propmale>  be in midland in a couple hourz 
i'm in midland  made it safe  idk when i'll be back in town -but hopefully soon 
"if your brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate \you 1) crazy  2) odd  3) talkative  4) sarcastic  5) lovable 6) smart  \7) special   smile  funny  9) spoiled  10) mouthy  11) wild  12)goofy  13) \funny  14) awesome  15) amazing  16) beautiful  17) cute  1 smile best \      friend  19) gangsta  20) love me!  smile "
saturday the 2nd of october! 11am - 3pm  little <propfirst> park - potluck and bbq  it's for sure  laugh  i'll b back in town hopefully by wednesday the 29th  and will be leaving for good no later than 8 pm saturday october 2nd  won't be back till at least mid-january - comment if your coming! - and include ideas of things we all can do!
im on amtrak headin back to cali!
so goodbye california - hello texas     6 days and counting! then its off to south <propfemale>!    uh oh!
4 days     its getting closer    eek!!! and ya know  i been thinkin - the only thing i'm really scared of    is the needles!
this is just gettting more and more frustrating    
i leave in less than 48 hours    wow    kinda weird   
"so i have no change for a payphone and no phone; so sorry no calls for now  \i just got to <propfirst>, waiting for my next plane to <propfemale>, <propfemale>, then its on a bus to parris island, south <propfemale>  <propfirst> matthews, <propfirst> matthews, <propfemale> christian, <propmale> smith and <propfemale> matthews - i love you guys and i will be seeing you soon  laugh  stay out of trouble while i'm gone! i miss you all "
i'm back! i'm done! i earned the title! i'll be in cali for 9 days  hit me up!
"so - i'm exhausted, i'm excited and i'm just starting out - its invigorating! i can't wait to see home again! i'll be at church sunday morning, try to make it to ehs thursday if not earlier   i have to set it up with the teachers  laugh \see you soon!"
"finallly back in cali - when the plane hit, i was ssooooo happy!"
just got home - had an amazing time with my bestie <propfemale> flowers! it's great to be home!
feelin' good - kinda confuzzled     but thats to be e playful ected  heading to ehs tomorrow for a bit - then i'll be hanging out in alameda the rest of the day - hit me up if your free to chill! i got a new number just ask me for it 
i'm late   now i have to reconfigure my whole day  sad 
i never thought that rush would come back the way it did    i felt so    alive! wow     good day in all  laugh 
leaving tomorrow morning! wont be back for a while - i had a blast hangin with all whom i did!  laugh  missed you guys!
belated thanks to those who said happy bday to me  laugh  i threw a grenade that day!  laugh  it was awwwwesooome! i'm coming home soon! miss you all   love 
"i'm kinda chill, waiting for more access to chocolate and hugs from my sis  laugh  talk to me people! miss ya!"
happy st  <propfemale>'s day! hope you have a lucky one!
so   today felt like the most wasted day  ever   
great night  exhausted but worth it 
what do i have to do
"its amazing what a little effort and will power can help you accomplish  never ley any one tell you you can't do something, instead use that as inspiration to be better "
well -     time to finish this day and get on with the weekend!
i have a tail!!!!
sore!!!!
double shots esp  are lifesavers!
dennys has never been better!!!!
"its kinda sad that when i was doing nothing with my life i was able to say things that meant something and helped  but now that im doing something productive, i cant think of anything creative or useful! i feel so boring now, and im anything but! grrrr "
"should be home for the weekend! i have plans already, but if u wanna chill for a bit thats fine  anyone else going to ehs sat  night?"
