c13f021dce36554ab3db7b67c364b515
"ok, <propfemale> made me move from myspace, so i'm starting all over again   be patient while i find my way around a new networking place "
"i stole this, but it has become very important to me  - never make someone a priority in your life when you are only a convenience in theirs !!"
what a week - i've been to salt lake city (work) and to memphis (blues for 3 straight days !)  back sunday in time to see excellent football game   super bowl should be a good game - looking forward to that next      
"been enjoying being snowed in - lack of electricity for 2 hours wasn't fun, but epb got me back up pretty quick "
"i wanna be well !!  between sinuses and dentist this week, it has not been good !"
"i still wanna be well, but i'm closer to it 2day than yesterday     ask me 2morrow !"
"great nite friday, looking forward to super bowl tomorrow - life is good !"
"guess we know who dat now, don't we ??!!!???  go saints !"
omg - wake up on march 2 and find huge snowflakes falling        sure is beautiful !
"my dad - shelvia <propfirst> lawing - oct 10th, 1925 - march 11, 2010  the best dad a girl could ever have !"
"i have the bestest friends in the world !!  thanks to everyone for all your love, concern, sympathy - i love each and every one of you more than you can ever know !"
"saw <propfemale> last night at the majestic - it was good, but not what i have come to e playful ect from <propmale> burton johnny depp       "
is looking forward to beautiful spring day - at least i can look out the window   
gotta get out and party - it's been tooo long   looking forward to friday nite !
"what a weekend !  was a good one, glad i survived !"
"new month, gorgeous weather -  april is gonna be a good one !"
"i have a friend who swears the month's weather will mostly be like it is on the 3rd of the month   she is in kansas, and their weather always gets here 2 days later   so, saturday was the 3rd and today is the 5th   sat was warm and overcast - let's see what today brings   "
could not have asked for a more beautiful day for a birthday !!
had an excellent bday weekend !    now off to <propfirst>       
"has thought for the day :   jealosy doesn't show how much you love someone, but how insecure you are    <propfemale> meade"
my goodness what a week !!!  so glad the weekend is almost here - i am ready for a party    
says this rainy day is wonderful !  just fits my lazy mood today     
rainy days and mondays don't always be 1 2 bad    
has anyone been watching the <propfemale> the last couple of nights ??  too beautiful !!
"there are frogs attached to the side of my house trying to escape the water       little frogs, loud croaking !!"
back yard is looking good - now if i just had some time to enjoy it !
"never make someone a priority in your life when you are only a convenience in theirs - old, i know, but we all need to be reminded sometimes !"
believes it is time to clean house  - figuratively anyway - gotta get tuff  !!!
"my car no longer makes horrible noises, no shake, no shimmey !  i had a bent cross-member - imagine that !"
"productive week for me - got a lot done at work, house is clean, yard is mowed, car is fixed     now for a little reward for me !"
it is what it is      but we decide what we are going to do with it !
wow - i can't believe it       i actually do get a long weekend w o work   now what to do ???
"weekend is shaping up !  <propmale> tonight, zip-lining tomorrow  - # of broken bones will determine the rest of the story     "
<propmale> allman was great last nite - moving back to his bluesy roots - and ya'll know how much i love the blues !  no ziplining though - maybe next weekend 
short work-week - please let me have sunshine this weekend !!!!
lady is having surgery today - removing the growth on her shoulder   i miss my shadow !
this bowersoks girl shoulda won idol - she's got it all over the dude who won !
"thank god for true, real friends      we aren't given many in this world, let's appreciate them when we are blessed"
we are only fully human when we are part of a community - orson <propfirst> card
"jealosy doesn't show how much you love someone, but how unsecure you are - <propfemale> meade"
vacation !!  vacation !!  vacation !!
oh what a night !
is working hard and feeling good - vacation is getting closer !
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and neverquestion their friendship  these types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday, regardless how long it has been or where they live   repost if you are lucky to have at least one of those friends "
life is un-fricking-believably wonderful !!  thanks to all for coming out saturday - it's been too long since we all got 2gether on the back porch     
"has only 6 working days til vacation - 2 whole weeks off !!!  1 week for sailboating,  1 week in maui !!"
has nothing on her mind - it's the weekend !
"this may be the best july i've had in years        working out so far, and maui is gonna be a great way to end the month !"
off work until august    --   whoo hoo !!!
will be greating you next time from maui !
"maui is lovely - temps in 80s, nice breeze - i love it !!!!"
"1 2 way home - have enjoyed this 2 weeks off, but looking forward to getting back"
is really glad to be home again - altho the last 2 weeks have really been great !
why can't we all just be friends and love each other ???
"yes, that was me in the grocery cart at the bilo on hixson pike on sunday     don't knock it til you try it !"
"omg --  my phone doesn't work !!  i can't call anyone !!!  i feel soooo alone !!!!!  omg -- my phone doesn't work !!   how can i communicate ??? !!! ???  etc, etc, etc      "
oh yeah tgif !!  even if it is friday the 13th     
<propfemale> falls went to emergency room last night and they kept her for more testing this am   she is still having heart issues in this heat   more updates as i have them     
"just talked to <propfemale> - she is on her way home after a night and morning of testing  dr  concluded she is overly stressed - big surprise to all of us huh ? anyway, they are headed home and plan to catch up on some rest     will call folks this evening as they feel better"
don't complain 'cause you don't have what you want - just be thankful you don't get what you deserve !
finally !!!!!  so glad to be leaving kc and heading home !!!!!
wow folks - ain't life a ride !!!!
tgif ---  oh what a wild trip it's been this week     seems like everyone i know has had bad things happen this week   let's all hope next week is better !
"welllll    good weekend, gorgeous weather, lots of rest and relaxation      and short work-week coming up   who could ask for anything more ?"
"i feel so blessed    altho many in my chosen family(s) have had bad things happen to them or those they love, god has given me the essentials - relative good health, the love of good people, and enuf materially to meet my needs ---    thank you god !!  and thanks for each one of you - each of you are special in my life !"
"i've recently come to prefer it on the kitchen counter, altho i used to like doorknobs !"
"boy, where does the time go ?  and what is time really ?  just a man-made stab at making order of the world    "
it's monday again !!!  omg !!!!
"whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it  live each day as if your life had just begun  - johann wolfgang <propmale> goethe"
it's 5% friday !!
"a bus station is where a bus stops  a train station is where a train stops  on my desk, i have a work station  \ \thanks <propfirst> !!"
some cause happiness wherever they go  others whenever they go 
"light travels faster than sound  this is why some people appear \bright until you hear them speak "
guys i did not send anyone a post about some girl getting e playful elled from school - but dont open it !  remove it and unlike it if you got it from me   i'm afraid it may be a virus
"the early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets \the cheese "
"if you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased  - <propfemale> hepburn"
hope everyone had a great thanksgiving yesterday - my day was wonderful !
wow - what a game auburn alabama put on for us yesterday !  wonder whats coming up good today       
sometimes silence is the most beautiful sound in the world !
2morrow is <propfemale> fall's bday at <propfirst>'s on hixson pike - come on out and join in the party ---- we want it to be special for her !!!!
what a sucky day it is !!
thanks to all who came out to the party last night - hope you guys had as much fun as <propfirst> and i did !
"ok, i'm officially frozen !!!"
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does   <propfemale> family    & friendship  thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas to all!
"i awoke this morning to serious snow, had a snowball fight with my son, a great dinner with mom, spent the day with the man i love and visiting with some of my bestest friends in the world     all in all a wonderful christmas !!!!!"
happy new year to all !!!
"a friend sent this to me today, so i'm interested to see how it works! let's see how creative my facebook friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy        that's no fun"
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
"omg !!!  what a friday night !  lost my car, my date, god knows what else !"
i want my shadow back !!!!
hello world       hello ?  can anybody hear me ??   don't we all think it's time for a get-together ?
today is <propfirst> clapton's birthday - one day before my baby's     does that make <propfirst> an aries too ?
