0b2b71c2ec58bd6de72edbd126ddc649
we're back in jamaica   first night was a doosey 
last day in ja   need to hurry up and win the lottery and move here perma
going to stuff my face with sushi and bloody marys   tucker <propmale> would be proud 
pwning face on video poker   i'm sure this will last about 30 sec
"drunk facebooking, forgive the next few hours"
ummm   facebook access during work!!!
what am i supposed to do with no wifey around for 3 days!
wifey home!  all is back to normal
"best quote of the day \chuck <propmale> asked me to be his wingman\"" -anonymous"""
buffalo habanero green chili and garlic <propmale> chicken sausage kabob's on the grill tonight!
ahhh!  monday!!
ahhh!  tuesday!!
come on 4 day weekend    
11th at the national championships   i'll take it   should probably start training one of these days huh?
why didnt bp get kanye west to interrupt the oil spill?
case of the monday's
case of the thursday's    
base picnic day   oh joy
who has 2 thumbs and got a 365 tasking to baghdad?
monday monday nah nah   nah nah nah
friday yet?
"so, what's new??"
"quote of the night \add me on facebook because you have a big ass\"""""
almost gym time!
first day of school for the tanker!
"habenero green chili chicken sausages     amazing!!!  now if jj would have satisfied it would have been a night   but instead he posts about \lazy sundays\""  lame"""
grrrr    
i am horrible at golf 
"downtown softball league next month, base flag football next week!"
monday monday !!!  working on a ts clearence review lol   so much fun
hump day !!!!!!!
friday!!  just got out of a meeting   wow is all i got 
"70 ft of wood moulding installed downstairs, gabriels room all painted   need to paint the molding and install still"
"softball practice went well, looks like we got a pretty decent team   packing for tx now   leaving my baby for a week  sadface"
little warm in san antonio   especially in the sun shooting all day 
"swapped stocks on the perazzi   meh, it's only prelims lol"
nice <propfemale> day for a shoot in san <propfirst>!!!
"not looking for the target    check, pushing as i call pull    check, lifting my head    check   sure was an interesting prelim match lol"
"not going to make a team at this rate   oh well, i'd be in iraq anyway lol"
"miller light, frogs legs, alligator and bayou rice   i'm a very happy man"
"stiting in the airport at san antonio   oh joy   also, my perazzi is going in timeout after this amazingly subpar performance "
no more baghdad!!!!!!!!!!!
go go fake friday!
let's go football and softball tomorrow!
today is more like a monday    grrr
"monday's   bah, at least we have football tonight! go chiefs!"
"we probably should have researched silver league a bit more   got <propmale> rolled in both games tonight to leave us at 0-3   seriously, wtf is gold like???  pro's during the off season?"
friday   rough start already
2 hours until pt   who's pumped !
congratz monday !
"fresh raspberries, greek yogurt and grape nuts   awesome start to what will inevitably be a shitty day "
good morning <propfemale>!!!!
"go falcons, it was an amazing game !!"
going to be one of those days   
"yeah baby, almost pt time!"
love me some meetings
"3 games played, 4 rbi, 7 8 at bats  a billizion high life's drank   what now?"
beer pong eta - t:<propfemale>us 39 <propfemale> 
"lost both softball games last night, knee hurts like hell and work at 530 is too damn early   i'm going full emo today "
almost done   
sigh   
come on gabriel   time to get here already!!!
another quiet night   silly babies!
"<propfirst> <propfirst> agee has joined us at 14:26, 7lb 14oz, 20 5 inch   baby is relaxing and mom is ordering much needed food!!!"
home with the family !
the fight 2 rows down has been the most entertaining thing in this crappy game
facebooking from the kindle!
<propfirst> needs to start sleeping through the night lol
gabe is finally asleep and vitals are looking good   hope it's a peaceful night 
"wow, if they improved this dump a little it would be on par with some of the random army dumps i've been in the middle east     sad part, i'm in tx lol"
