dc73e033128d0e4a0f43661fa80d8ca3
is looking forward to trueblood tonight!
i'm going to go get my fingers dirty in my garden
"which first, catnap or eat? decisions, decisions    "
"run, fat boy, run!"
is really tired     
eggplant beetles are my mortal enemy
"wants to stay home, vegetate and go thru backlog on my tivo    "
really wants the sun to come out and play    
mama needs a new pair of shoes    
is a little nervous    
gets to play hooky today   
hell has officially frozen over and little piglets are flying thru the sky     
is about to go apeshit on somebody      
has a flat tire  sad 
"i'm up way too late, i'm gonna pay for this tomorrow   "
is on the hunt   
i think my new puppy is the coolest puppy ever
is procrastinating again     
is becoming a lovely toasty <propfemale> brown    i'm getting skin cancer someday but i don't care right now
"it needs to either rain or be <propfemale>, this inbetween stuff sucks"
was attacked on the face by killer puppy   
watching entourage then going shopping
needs to get her ass in gear    
off to the pub as usual
has to go get ready for a wedding shower     what to wear?
i just discovered that puppy farts are worse than puppy breathe
"is really looking forward to the cleaning lady coming on friday, this place is a mess!"
needs to step up her game and be more dependable     
is having a recluse day
redoing my whole itunes is a pain in the ass
is gonna do some dishes    
"rain, rain, go away    "
"if <propfemale> digs in my vegetable garden one more time, i'm feeding her to the bad puppy gods     "
ran in my new running shoes and it was heavenly
i need to go for a run but what i really want is nap time     this is why i don't lose weight  sad 
how did a <propfemale> ditch dog become so e playful ensive?
doesn't mind the extreme humidity we're having but i do wish it didn't come with swarms of mosquitoes    
"i badly need to reorganize my closet but its such a beautiful day outside, i can't bear to stay inside"
is really tired
just found out that poison <propfemale> can take 3-6 weeks to go away   aaarrgg!!! this shit better be gone by my birthday!
should be cleaning but i'm not
needs to get my butt in gear    
is off on the hunt    
"district 9 is an awesome movie, i reccommend it to all!"
if you don't like a picture you can untag it yourself    
i need more
must get up   
today is a <propmale> n' cheese kind of day
light travels faster than sound  this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak 
arrrggg!
is running late as usual   aahh!
is feeling mildly ambitous   
i'm off to get my hair did by someone new    wish me luck    
today is a rather sucky day  i'm ready for it to be next week 
is very tired and gonna curl up and read my kindle
must be incredibly blessed person to not get hangovers
is being wined and dined   
gym or no gym    can't decide
so sleepy yet so much to do today    
wants a pumpkin pie now!!!
what has happened that facebook can no longer put posts in chronological order? is it really that hard? get your shit together fb!
runnin late as usual   
needs to start going to bed earlier
has no clue what to wear tonight   
voy a voy  who's with me?
<propfemale>
french toast is my savior
19hrs and counting til i'm in san <propmale>! in'n'out here i come baby!
mothers produce screaming
is off to climb a mountain    in the snow
's doppelganger would be? hope you people have ideas cuz i don't
is setting up a skype account    this is kinda fun
"has a mulit-talented puppy    besides being the ultimate stinkbug killer, she's a snow tunneling machine   "
anybody know how rt  50 is? gotta go to dulles to pick up <propfirst>    
"is off to do a nice 10miler in the sun    i'm like a solar powered car, i run better in 85f n <propfemale>"
survived    barely
is having some serious issues with a certain puppy digging up my vegetable garden    especially since i already seeded  so much for having everything in nice rows 
anybody have a cure for dogs who dig? i'm running out of ideas n getting frustrated   
"hanging at the pub, having nachos n beer"
has a lot of nice clothing for really bad weather or really nice weather but nothing for inbetween    
"had beer at the races, got tired of wind blowing my dress up, then went n got mojitos   now back to my house for some pim's on my porch   its a boozy day"
darnnit! why is it sat nite@1am that i realize i'm out of makeup remover and facewash   aaarrrgg   
thank goodness for caffeine    
mango sticky rice=yuuummmiiinesss
is soooo tired   ran 14miles today and did an hour of weights@gym   now its time to go sleep 12hrs
loves the girlfriend perk of getting to pet 3day old foals!
has 6wks til i gotta do 26 2mi   i wouldn't mind having an extra 6wks   
is about to go for a run w elly   so much for new clean shoes   
"just watched \men who stare at goats\""    seriously underwhelmed """
ran a kickass 16miler today; took 10min off my 10mile time and took 2min off my +15mile pace    i think my body is finally figuring out this long distance thing   
need sleep   how do people marathon train year round? i'm exhausted
is grilling in the backyard with friends and drinking pims   yummmyy alcohol fruit
"was woken up every 2hrs last night by my geriatric dog wanting to go pee    had a full 9hrs sleep, yet not rested at all"
completing spring closet switchover than off to the gym   
just finished running an incredibly painful 18miles and am now about to consume ridiculous amounts of food   
is feeling rather tired and cranky
i love rei   it makes me feel like a kid in <propfemale> shop
@the pub
had a lovely day at the fleamarket in shenandoah with <propmale> boy
"i bought \whistling\""chuckit balls for my dogs ang they're not whistling!"""
just finished watching <propfirst> peters and my cheeks hurt from laughing    now time for bed
ran 20miles today and am now soaking my aches n pains away    epsom salts fix anything   aaahhhh
it must be a full <propfemale> cuz all the oddballs have crawled out of the woodwork tonight    
just finished killer track workout + legs wts@gym   now i got a huge salt craving
is having trouble sitting down   
fresh warm brownies with a spoonful of fluff    yummmiiinesss
would like mr sunshine to come back please
with enough caffeine i turn into an animal
its lookin like its shitshow thursday! hooray!
was gonna have a 20min powernap then go running    then i woke up 3+hrs later! guess i was a little more tired i thought    
is having one too many hornsby's at the pub      smile 
make that 4 too many    
dim sum@mark's duck house    you know its good food when you're the only white person in an ethnic restaurant
this rain is really messing with my 10day-taper-to-race-day plan   aarrgg
red red wiiinnnnee stay close to meee!
"is trying to take a picture a picture of my new kitten but she won't stop moving, all i get is a blur   lol"
is gonna go get my hair did
is washing the dogs and getting a bit of a tan  multitasking at its best  smile 
sooo you think can dance!
he's alive!!
"just finished killer trackout, now more important things    what the hell am i wearing tonight?!?!"
has rawked in summer with a bang and probably a mild hangover     
went into the garden and was nearly sucked dry by a swarm of mosquitoes    wtf
i'm going going back back to cali           -biggie smalls
"is rather impressed by the new sections of dulles  not bad, it only took 10yrs and a gazillion dollars "
goes to san <propmale> and forgets my swimsuit    aarrgg!! i'm such an airhead sometimes    
can't sleep
wishes alcohol counted as carb loading   
"tomorrow i gotta wakeup@3:45am to start 26 2 @6:15am  uggh    huge butterflies in my stomach, i wish it was over already"
soooo nervous i just might puke    
its on like donkey kong bitches!
"so i was feeling amazing with a 2:15@13 1mi  then hit wall@14  rallied@16, got body cramps and nearly passed out@20,felt amazing after 5packets of salt and killed the last 4mi in sub 45  not my ideal race but i survived injury free  smile "
is busy getting a chinese leg massage soaking    aaaahh   little asian people have magic hands
is blissed out on cloud 9      smile 
tiger balm and epsom salt are my homeboys
is eating grapes in bed and napping   good times
so i just dropped my cell in water    anybody trying to get a hold of me just leave a voicemail with ur phone# since i don't have any memorized  or fb me 
my cell has died from its swim in the kitchen sink  could this happen at a more annoying time? aarrg
i have a phone!! yayyy!!! anybody whose number isn't on fb please send it me    i lost everything when i drowned my old phone    
is having a great day hanging with my brother
this weather sucks   and my sunburn isn't helping my mood     
2 for 1 happy hour@cabo's! hiphiphooray for cheap drinks!!
is watching tosh o    haven't laughed this hard in awhile
wow    coming home is the best weight loss plan ever! skeletor here i come!
getting my dancing shoes ready for tonight   don't know where i'm going yet but i'm definitely going out!!!
retail therapy always gets me out of a funk
just scored big time
nighty nite fb
blahs
time for a beach run!
24hrs till home  smile 
goodbye sd!
just probably took 5 yrs off my heart but oh so worth it    doubledouble you were my first love
hot
is a busy busy bee   and kinda glad today is finally done
i  love  marrow
turkey blt time     hmmm yummmmy   
just had some lovely thai food   now time for the pub!
time to get a little tan@ the summit point drift show
crab season has officially started!! bring on the gator tail!
time to find another race and get back on the wagon     crabs and coldstone have put me on a slippery slope    
doesn't really like dealing with today    perhaps tomorrow?
gym
has discovered it is literally possible to melt your ass off    now if only that were possible for love handles    
watermelon+vodka=good times n yumminess
"can't wait to go salsa dancing tonight! look out dc, i'm baaaack!"
you got to be kidding me! come on usa!!
usa played like ass   need some work on defense
is watching my kitten be attacked     by her hind foot 
"california girls: so hot, we'll melt your popsicle   "
can't sleep
first the time in my life i'm really wishing it would rain    
gym
2 hours of power at the gym   
it always amazes me how much a book can bring you up or bring you down
7mi run with the elly-phante
it was a good day    
i have a lot of stuff    time to prioritize
i would like the next 48hrs to be done and have it be friday nite already     
"apparently my subconcious thinks it a great idea to wakeup at 5am today  i think its a horrible idea, but what do i know?"
"just had an amazing dinner and i'm ready for bed    oh wait, that's right, i still need to pack my closet up by 7am  yayy me "
eyes are burning
it is waaaaayy tooo hot this morning    88f@10am just sucks 
aaarrrrggg!!!
vodka makes me haaaappy     
apparently champagne works just as well    
is recovering poolside     
"to all my san <propmale> people, if you haven't heard thru the grapevine, i'm back in sd for good!"
"to all my non-san <propmale> people, now y'all need to come visit me!"
landed    
just finished 5mi run with the my brother    good times  smile 
mmmm   moms homemade apple pie    yuuuuummmiiinness
got my fingers crossed    
great success!!!
i have a job!! yaayy me!!
off to go see grupo niche with my mamacita  smile 
tried to be the best little sister wing-girl i could be tonight   
this weather sucks n its making allergies act up     aarrggg
i think i'm fighting off a cold    bleh
thinking   
"(817)\sharkweek kickoff begins sunday the drinking game has been updated to include jumping breaching sharks and <propmale>'s not allowed to bring the harpoon period\"""""
oi vey     
is up in the air    
is looking forward to the weekend    
is going swimming with horses! yippee!!
frustration    
table@josephine's bitches!!!
hooooollllaaaa muuumddoooooo!!!!!!
hellllooo sunrise! now time for bed    
@clarke county fair watching kids <propmale> greased pigs    i feel like i'm in a foreign culture    
i'm gonna need a vacation to recover from my vacation    
its lookin like i'm gonna be in va for another week    who's in town?
margaritaville time  smile 
is stuck@dulles airport for another 3hrs    ugggh
is in san <propmale>
"need to find a half marathon to do, anyone wanna do one w me in nov-jan?"
home alone
apparently all my friends are lazy bums   i suggest a little 1 2marathon with plenty training time n no one responds   man up people!
i missed the smell of salt soooo much     
would like today to be over    
can't sleep
i now find it hard to take short showers   the east coast corrupted me   its all my fault california's runnin out of water
just got the keys to the new place    let the moving begin!
moving rule#1: wear closed-toe shoes or you will lose a toenail    
broke my phone again! i'm getting some texts so sorry if i don't respond people    
my phone is fixed!! yayyy!!
at home    sick   boo  sad 
heading downtown with the girls     
wow
running time
i'm already getting excited about halloween n its not even october yet    i'm such a dork
heerrreeee piggy piggy piggy
"just spent the night wide awake, its now 7am n i haven't slept yet     work today is gonna suck    "
oh my    its gonna be one of those nights     
is sick    again    i think my body is trying to tell me something    
@pool getting skin cancer
(90 smile  where's my purse there's an important taco in it
hates cheap people  is it really that hard to tip 20%? wtf
i actually managed to get next sat nite off! goin out on the town for my bday! yayyy!!!!
hmmm   should i clean my house or sleep by the pool?    pool wins!
time to peel my butt off the couch and away from fb    gonna do kickass 4x400's w  my brother    who do you think will win?  wink 
party@my brothers on sat nite for my bday! call me or <propmale> if you need directions  be there@7p then headed downtown for some dancing with the girls!
can't wait for tonight! its gonna be sooooo much fun!!
so let the craziness begin     first stop   sidebar
deadmau5 @voyeur   best day weekend  ever 
best  birthday  ever 
thanks for all the birthday love everybody!
so its 10days til the best holiday of the year   halloween! what are you dressing as and where are you going?
does anybody have a glue gun i can borrow this weekend?
"4months of being lazy post marathon laugh months lots of pain now    signed up for the carlsbad half marathon in <propfirst>, so its time to get back on the wagon"
round 2@voyeur tonight    let the craziness begin   again
watching the game@millers with <propmale> n <propmale>
perfect weather for a trail run in tecolote  smile 
just found out i'm getting off work earlyish tonight n need another costume! anybody have one i can borrow? or ideas?
is poolside
sad for things that are gone and people who change
does anybody have a heaven&hell ticket for sale? please contact me asap if you do
should i go to heaven or hell?
"goodbye october, it was fun while it lasted  helllllooo november    "
sunset run@torrey pines
@belly up
i  love  sunday mimosas
has a middle school cheer squad practicing outside my bedroom window  shoot me now 
feels like getting dressed up and doing some dancing tonight!
off to check out the new & improved voyeur    
"(617): i'll be there in 5 <propfemale>  if not, read this again "
karaoke nite@the lamplighter    look out people!
rooooxxxannnnnne!!!
to afterparty or not to afterparty that is the question    
maaasssaaaaage      
fact of life#152 asian people have magic hands
"dear sunshine, please come back  i need you like a fat kid needs cake "
fuuuuuuuunnn    
is the pumpkin pie monster  raaawrr  run n hide your pies from me  raaawwwrr 
ready to enjoy a couple days off finally
perfect <propfemale> weather for a 10miler on the beach  i love san <propmale> 
harbor run
out come the wolves   
need more sleep
would like to stay home and be a recluse    but i have this little thing called work
is officially doing my first vegas trip in 2weeks! who else is gonna be there?!?
massages make me puuuuurrrrrrrr         
today was a good day    
dub nite dancing     
so excited for the weather to be in the 80s this weekend! <propfemale> christmas to all my east coast peeps! hahaha!
just ate half a costco pumpkin pie for breakfast     ummmm yeah   
"has decided to break out into hives all over my arms, legs and feet  wtf  seriously  this better be gone in time for vegas this weekend    "
good news is that the benadryl seems to be working   bad news is that i'm kinda stoned outta my head@work right now  didn't think it would hit me this hard   
benedryl e playful ress for slowmo-la la land is rapidly leaving the station folks    
sweating out all that is toxic
"dear body, i would really appreciate it if we could go at least a year without anymore horrible symptoms that make doctors go\wow that really bad but we have no clue what's causing it\"" and no more hospital trips  kthanksbye """
my meds for the hives stop the hives itching but keep me awake    i can't seem to win this week 
"i am finally admitting defeat to this virus    vegas is off this weekend, to be rescheduled for <propfirst> "
is having a lovely lazy day
putting on the warpaint for tonight     
"i go hard, i go home"
snuggled up with my kindle
tron
i need french toast  badly 
is ready for it to be 2011 already
would like another 15hrs sleep but off to work i go     
"dear rain god\please don't rain on wed, i wanna go play frisbee golf  \kthankyoubye"
"the vegas trip is officially rescheduled for <propfirst> 14-17th! who else is going?! i e that means you <propfemale> marr , <propfemale> heinemann , <propfirst> <propfirst> , <propfirst> stevens , nadav wilf, <propfirst> petrig  and all my other little troublemakers!"
is being corrupted by dirty mondays    or maybe i'm gonna corrupt them   
excited for industry nye@fluxx tonight with my girls!
time to get back on the wagon    back to the gym i go   this is gonna be painful
"\if by crazy you mean 'could throw a dance party in a paper bag' then i'm your man \"" <propmale> kral     i think we might be twins seperated at birth    """
just got my bike back from the repair shop    who's up for a little mt  biking@hodges next week?
remind me never to go grocery shopping after the gym    i am now stocked for wwiii    
"oh wonderful gym, you make me feel so good  why did i ever leave you?"
somebody just stole my bathroom rug out of the dryer! wtf?!? seriously who steals a bath mat from an apartment complex laundry room?!?
is absorbing sunshine like its manna from heaven
sb tonight=vegas warmup    
"<propfemale> rooftop pool, 75f, and all my favorite people! perfect day!"
vegas baby!
"powernapped, refreshed and ready for round 2! bring it vegas!!"
survived 
gettin skincancer@the pool in january  i love san <propmale> 
"just had a crazy 2hr mt bike w friends, now goin to in n out, then off to pool! plus its 80f & sunny=perfect saturday!"
why do they make races so early in the morning? i'm really temepted to turn around n crawl back to bed     
ok adrenaline is starting to kick in      13 1 here i come!
not bad considering i only ran twice in the last 5wks and did pretty much everything you're not supposed to do before a race  the human body is an amazing machine when you decide to push it    
got a huge sweets craving right now but i'm too lazy to go to the store     my laziness is actually saving me from being a fatass right now    
could seriously use a backrub    any volunteers pretty please?
having a dance party w  <propmale> kral andheather <propfirst>!
it seemed like a great idea at the time    now not so much     
ummmm yeah    halfway apparently isn't in my vocabulary      
starting to feel a bit like a vampire     
chubby <propfemale>     
problem: beginnings of chest infection cold    solution: burn it out with a 10miler! let you know if it actually works or not    
had caffeine@2pm and i'm still wired and can't sleep  wtf its been 14hrs  tomorrow's gonna suck 
crash n burn
come support me and voyeur tonight! free vip guestlist for <propfirst> dahlback & albin myers! message me for guestlist by 5pm! ladies i got a table n bottle for you to help me with    
thanks to everyone who came out to support me last night!
can't decide what to do for superbowl sunday funday    
sometimes pandora is the only thing that can get me thru my day
i'm over february    march is looking much more promising   
chips ahoy extra chunky were created by the devil
"bwahahahaha!!!!! so true!!\\(313) we just got rid of the new years fatties at my gym and now the spring break fatties are here  goddamn \"""""
if anybodys in the pb area with jumper cables    please call me  i will cook you dinner 
boom!! sunday funday has been planned courtesy of <propfirst> <propmale>
"if somebody brought me an egg&cheese sandwich right now, i promise to love 'em forever"
just went thru my pic gallery on my phone and found some gems i didn't even know i had   
"sitting in my car, waiting for the rain to stop, so i can run into the gym  i have officially reverted back to my socal roots and can't deal with anything but perfect weather  how did i ever survive so long on the east coast?"
"just danced my butt off and had the most fun i've had in a very long time, and its all thanks to my fellow dancing queens <propmale> kral, <propfirst> colt, and  <propfemale> gandola! happy bday <propmale>!!! p s  best bday party ever!!!"
this weather sucks   but i had my hair done today by the lovely shayln wheeler and its just looks too pretty to stay in    downtown here i come! p s  brazilian blowout by her=amaaazingnesss!!!
tickets booked!!! 10days til bermuda and wmc's!!! <propfemale> excited     anybody else going to the wmc's?
4th&b     worth every <propfemale>      they need to have more shows here     
need french toast   badly   will settle for a giant quesadilla   this is a life or death search right now   
i've always been an animal lover but i seriously wanna kill my mom's dogs  never  dogsitting  again 
"if you were my kindle, where would you be hiding?"
7days til sunshine and white beaches    and no more yappy puntdogs   can't wait to have my first uninterrupted 9hrs sleep in 4wks
thanks to synova cats i've officially been sucked into going out tonight    i try to be good but it never seems to work out   
sticks and bones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me   wink 
"happy birthday to my wonderful, beautiful mother, <propfemale> reddish, who puts up with all my crap  love ya mom!"
i  love  gay bars  they're so much fun 
has died and gone to heaven    about to go scuba diving in bequia  smile 
mustique!!!!
bienvenidos a miami!!!
apparently i've gone viral while on vacation    
puttin on the war paint and preparing for battle    
"just missed my flight  fml    oh well, maybe this the universes way of telling me to stay for ultra    "
"got another flight, apparently the universe would rather have me home &at fluxx tonight for industry night with my girls  smile "
just spent my morning looking at one-way tickets to other continents     
is solar powered
i love my tall blondes     
et tu vodka?
rainy day closet purge catharsis
"just had wonderful dinner, conversation, everything  thank you senor <propmale> kral, exactly what i needed, as always, same wavelength  wink "
sometimes i wish i could wear sunglasses in the gym so i could people watch without looking like a total creeper  maybe it was the full <propfemale> but there are all sorts of crazies at the gym right now   
noize good
best part of going out on a saturday night is no meters on sunday   yayyy free parking!
"\i'm totally time traveling right now  my phone is upside down \"" hot tub time machine w  <propfemale> simpson"""
why hello vegas   so we meet again   
even i am kinda amazed how i'm still alive right now  i love vegas but it kinda scares me too     
