4dfee7d9338a0b6a3905bcf316a6ac14
getting excited for my uop commencement ceremony this friday
"just to clarify, ive been attending the university of phoenix for the past 30 months and this friday is the commencement ceremony   that means im done   done done done done done!!!!!  yeah!"
thank you everyone!!
i need a job!
men suck 
sick of shopping!  one more gift and im done!
"here's to remembering the good times from 2010, but leaving behind all the sadness, frustration and disappointments! adios 2010! dont let the door hit you in the butt on the way out! there are better things to come in 2011!!"
"ok, ummmm   it's snow-ing "
valentines shmalentines!
i had a great b-day today!!!  thank you to everyone who wished me happy birthday!!!
just returned from the second annual cnvbc (<propfemale> and <propfemale>s vegas birthday celebration)  we had an awesome time! vegas rocks! and so does my best friend <propfemale>; who is not my lesbian lover   seriously!
r i p  ringo!! we love you!
omg my allergies are going crazy!
i felt the earthquake today!
i have a cold   i dont feel good and i'm having a pitty party  no one's invited 
omg my cell phone just stopped working!  i feel lost and sort of out of controll!!  how did we ever manage without cell phones??!!!!
today feels like monday
couldnt sleep at all last nite   i kept hearing noises and thinking someone was breaking into my house!   sad 
yay!!! i finished my taxes!!!! nothin like waiting till the last minute!
i lost my phone now!
found it!!
no regrets   just lessons learned!
boys are like a box of chocolates; you have to get through the bad ones to find the great ones  smile 
"<propfemale> every moment you have with the ones you love, because, in a new york minute   everything can change"
"duct tape + kids = silence    i'm joking, they're locked in the shed "
"people will forget what you said, and what you did, but they will never forget how you made them feel!"
"says that since chocolate comes from beans, chocolate is technically a vegetable and therefore is healthy for you since vegetables are very healthy"
i am so not enjoying this census job today! the wind!!!
woke up covered in hives end itching like crazy!! i think its from the dryer sheets i just bought 
"feels like an itchy piece of crap under a pile of crap, on top of an itchy, crappy heap of a bunch of other crap, on itchy crap hill! lol"
"tough girls come from new york, sweet girls they're from alabama, but us iowa girls, we have fire and ice in our blood  we can ride horses, drive tractors, throw left hooks, and drink with the boys, all the while making sweet tea darlin  and if we have an opinion,you know you're gonna hear it! copy and paste if you're       a true iowa girl!!! iowa girls do it better!! yes   i am from iowa!!"
damn you p m s !
sometimes life's hardest lesson to learn is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn
"i got a job! i got a job! i got a job! i got a job! yaaaaayyyyy!!!!!oh yaaya, i got a j surprise b! oh yaaya, i got a j surprise b! --california institute of behavioral analysis, behavior therapist!!!!! i am so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
my house is not dirty  i just have everything on display     like a museum!
"dear lord, i've been very good today, no grumpy thoughts, no swearing and i haven't been mean at all, but i'm about to get up now and i may need your help  smile "
i just spent like half an hour trying to isolate and pluck grey hairs from my head  i wanted to get every one of those evil bastards! i finally gave up because my back was sore from leaning over the sink so i could get close to the mirror 
"what i want most for my sons is that they are free to be true to themselves, to e playful ress their own view without hesitation, and to never give up their dreams"
"trust your hopes, not your fears "
some days i would eat nothing but sugar all day long if i let myself!
"sometimes i think to myself, i'll just <propmale> it all and become a supermodel! then i laugh real hard and go back to sorting socks "
im in love  smile 
so sad to hear about <propfemale> shephard's passing today  she was such a wonderful teacher and amazing person   she will be lovingly remembered by many!
tonight i ate a whole jar of pickles and drank the juice!?
cant sleep!
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for their stupidity and incompetence, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did, will you?"
eventually you realize that some things are just not meant to be no matter how much you want it 
"is going to have a nervous breakdown - i've earned it, i deserve it and n surprise ne is going to stop me!!!"
   i know somewhere in the bible it says you can slap stupid people 
"through out life u will find people who are selfish, hateful, and inconsiderate  ( mostly men )  u can't change people but u can change how much they are a part of your life "
they say you learn the most from the toughest times in life         who's idea was that?  lol
i got a new phone and i switched from at&t to metro pcs   im not getting any text messages!
"ok gang, you know the rules, no humping, no licking, no sniffing hineys "
"trying to have a phone conversation with someone who has young kids, is like talking to someone with tourettes!"
"it's 8 surprise 0 at night   the sun is down   all the windows are open, and it's still 94 degrees in my house!"
you know you might be a redneck when    your 7 year old tries to convince you he needs an air soft gun for protection from all the bad guys that live in your trailer park 
got my air to work!  yay! its 105 degrees outside!
woke up this morning with a huge smile on my face   damn kids and those sharpie markers!!
"for 18 years, i thought i was guiding and preparing my son to go out into the world   suddenly, the time has come, and i realize, it was him who was teaching me all along! and i am the one who is not prepared to let him go  as parents, we think we are here to teach our children about life  turns out, it’s the other way around  i love you <propmale>  thank you for being my son and for putting up with me for all these years!"
brrrr! it so cold the teenagers in the trailer park are pullin up their pants!
"before you give someone advice, walk a mile in their shoes  that way if they don't like what you have to say, they'll be a mile away    and barefoot!"
"woke up with itchy hives from head to toe   again!  i look like will smith in the movie hitch, where his face and ear swell up all huge!    it's not funny!"
some things are worth waiting for
everything happens for a reason right?  well i just figured out what the reason is   to piss me off!
"has run for cover, dealt with hostage negotiations, been followed, spied on, extorted and threatened   green beret? navy seal? nope   mother of a teenager!"
"i cant tell ya what it really is, i can only tell ya what it feels like, n right now its a steele knife in my windpipe"
"our prime purpose in this life is to help others  and if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them \- tenzin gyatso, the 14th dalai lama"
next time baby i'll be-ee bullet proof!!!!!!
"i had a feeling that someone was following me around all day, then i figured out that it was just my butt!"
"women are equipped with a super power and it is called intuition  never doubt it and always trust it  men, be afraid, be very afraid!"
the air smelled sooo good this morning!  i love it when it rains!  i even heard thunder!
"in the long run, the truth always hurts less than a lie "
"men will play a certain role in our lives, but it's other women who are always there for us   women have to be there for each other  we have to have each others backs   we all need to get over our pety jealousies and learn to see each other as sisters who are in this fight together   its the only way we'll survive "
"is single, and has decided due to the weather change that it's time to have a boyfriend to keep me warm   oh no wait i found my electric blanket - never mind!"
im so sick  : (
i feel so sick that i put on clean underwear just in case i have to be transported by abulance in the middle of the night      or i croak   either way i thought it was a good idea  
"love is always bestowed as a gift; freely, willingly, and without e playful ectation  we don’t love to be loved, we love to love "
well this is going downhill faster than a wagon full of fat kids      sad 
"a conversation i had with my 7 year old son today annoyed <propfirst> \we need a new house\",4dfee7d9338a0b6a3905bcf316a6ac14,happy thanksgiving!  dont forget to wear your elastic waistband!  (maternity pants work too )
these crowds are making it impossible for me to get my shop on!
what is up with this weather?  its 20 degrees out!  i didnt move to southern california so i could freeze my butt off!
what do a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common? either way someone is losing a trailer 
"brrrrrrr, it's nipple-shun!"
the happiest people do not necessarily have the best things   they simply appreciate the things they have - <propmale> buffet
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal is not to see any human face til monday!  honor & join in the fight against child abuse  copy paste - to your status- to invite your friends, to do the same"
"is trying to get into the christmas \spirit\"" and can't get the darn bottle open  geezzzzz!"""
"i never thought i'd hear myself say this but, im sick of shopping!"
"if you do it, own it  if you're scared of it, face it  if you say it, back it up  if you want it, go get it "
"to my friends that i am honored to have in my life  may the season warm your soul,bring love to your heart and bless you with everything this life has to offer "
"yesterday zak posted (or i assumed he posted) on fb that he was going to pierce his nipples  after i read the comment i texted him annoyed me: im not going to freak out on you zak   you are old enough to make your own decisions  \zak: what are you talking about?\me: the nipple piercing\zak: lol, what?\me: did you post on fb that you are going to get your nipples pierced?\zak: lol, no! thats kinda funny though,hahaha!"
zak is back   smile    and his nipples remain intact! lol
i love pink by victorias secret!
christmas time is both wonderfull and exhausting!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!         now    bring me some figgy pudding    heehee
"i stil have to go to wal-mart to get food for tomorrow    sad   if im not back in two hours, send help!     wink *"
'love is what's in the room with you at christmas if you stop opening presents and listen ' <propfirst> - age 7
i dont think ive ever had a better christmas    i need a tissue   lol  there is no better present than having all my kids home with me on christmas morning   my heart is full of gratitude for the wonderful children god gave me 
"just when i start thinking my life's in the dumpster,  god sends me a beautiful christmas to remind me what is important and how blessed i truely am!"
there's a cooold wind a'blowin! wink *
's new years resolution for 2010 is to not date with out a complete back ground check and psychological evaluation 
i think the snow is a sign of a fresh start to 2011!
"in the end, when everything else fails   and it will, ( prosperity, pride, youth    life ) when we have nothing else to give   love remains   <propfemale> endureth forever  it never fails "
is anyone else annoyed by <propfemale> michaels?
cupcakes   how can something so good be so wrong?
some lessons can't be taught - they must be lived
"ay, what happend to the warm?"
something very terrible has happend to my computer and i want it to go away   sad    i think i might have to get a new one now 
why computer?   why?
"is tired and ready for bed   wait, i just woke up      crap!"
"aaaaaaand, another one bites the dust     sad "
"men always whine about women suffocating them  i think if you can still hear them whining, you're not pressing down on the pillow hard enough"
im not ok
