400837e47f06b37f4b97d85238bfc571
has a damn dialouge due tomorrow
hell yeah 9 days off!!!!!!!!!
thanksgiving is tomorrow
hey is anyone in asl 1?
is taking forever to install battleforge
hey everyone obviously has a b in it!!!!!!!!
"i got a small christmas here at home and im gonna have a small christmas at my moms tomorrow, so put that together and i get a full blown regular christmas!!!  smile  <propfemale> christmas everyone  laugh "
happy chanukza everyone!!!!!!!
is wondering what he is going to do for new year
"ok new years resolution, call everyone by their real name and not miscellaneous names i have heard  made up over the years    ok maybe something else that ones hard"
yes new years <propfemale> another excuse to not goto school!!!!!!
i guess if i had to pick a new years resolution it would be to be less of a annoying sarcastic bastard     of course im going to break this in 2 days too
happy new year people
not even 12 hours into the new year and i already broke one of my resolutions  oh well at least i dont have to worry about it anymore!  laugh 
homework    qq
everyone should go to zanga texas holdem and send me chips (aka shamless begging)
being sick is not the worst e playful erience ever but its close
is in a good mood for absolutley no reason
is annoyed with himself
there are so many different movies i want to see right now  smile 
"life is like school with it everythings bad, without it everythings worse "
does anyone know if i have to do anything special during the family flap project presentation?
its my time and ill waste it if i want to
6 year old girl calls high school senior an ass nugget    owned!
im just in an all around bad mood
finally last day of school is tomorrow
omfg toy story 3 is coming out tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
watched toy story 3  it was an epic movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im bored 
im apparently going to see karate kid tomorrow   
forseeing trouble before the fair tomorrow
prediction came true    the fair no longer has an arcade ):
hmmmmmm trying to figure out what im doing for my birthday 
looks like its gonna be another ugly day
has a need to play sonic adventure 2 battle
hey does anyone have a sonic adventure 2 battle and a gamecube controller they want to let me borrow?
my dad is now keeping me up by strumming the same one tune on his stupid ukalale 8 million time at 1230
throwing a bean bag i found on my couch back and forth    so bored -_-
i might be doing something remotely interesting in a few hours    yay    
just realized his birthday is 3days away   yippie   
dispicable me was a good movie but not as good as toy story 3
stupid korean is not answering me   
"birthday is tomorrow, thanks to everyone who sent a card even though i didnt see you (not mentioning names mother and grandmother!)"
its weird im actually doing something for my birthday this year
yay    birthday yay   
"it was a good day today  id like to thank panda and yuya for coming with me to boomers and thank domonik and his friends for being competitve and making the day fun, oh and also <propfemale> cause she was there  and id also like to tell <propfirst> yeo fuck you for not coming  smile "
so bored    cant focus   
seeing a friend off today ): lifes a bitch   
sigh    well im losing a good friend today and probably never gonna see him again  lifes a bitch   
goodbye <propfirst> we'll meet again on the fields of justice  smile 
just saw a back to school commercial    god damn it
"listening to my dad and his friend talk about illegal drugs and whether or not they should be free\lol"
has the most awesome awesome sister in the history of awesome awesome sisters  smile 
its august 1    this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone know when were supposed to go get registration packets?
if u think im crazy get to know me first  that way u can tell everyone why too
damn moreno valley being in southern california
missing that part of my life where i could be happy with toys and no one would scold me for running around and laughing for no reason
dog just got into a fight with a raccoon and came out with a twisted paw and thats it  meanwhile for some reason my dad kicked a table and fucked up his leg    wtf is wrong with this picture?
school in three weeks    hope i already hsve friends in my classes this year so i dont have to make intellegent comversation with myself again   
<propfemale> just made a new missle that can sink aircraft carriers    guess who has aircraft carriers   
"weird, it was a relatively good day but im annoyed like i missed something      "
"bored and irritated, not a good combination"
stupid annoying registration gave me a headache  apparently my computer has a deal with adobe where whenever i try to open anything with it it freezes my computer   
i bored i just finished my last book and now i have nothing to do  :
"yay my dad is in a \lets get in a bad mood for no reason and break things\"" mood  :"""
"look on the bright side, u could be dead"
parents went to reno for 3 days    i really hope i didnt miss anything for registration
sigh    got my schedual    7 days    7 days!!!!!!!
<propmale> and <propfirst> just came on  smile 
"1 computer programming with payne, 2  history with cox, 3  asl with dejulia, 4  lunch, 5  american lit with unti, 6  anatomy and physiology with dixon, 7  alg 2 advanced with <propfirst>"
well parents finally got back from boomtown    sooooo bored now \\:
im bored    anyone have remote e playful losives there not using?
the weather really needs to make up its mind   
three days till school   
last day of summer    fuck!
i just listened to schools out by akice cooper    ironys a bitch
whats one thing i really hate?
ive figured out which class is the worst this year    and im going to kick its ass until it begs for mercy and stomp on her face until it admits im the cooler <propfemale>
i have the stupidest friends
doing homework at 9 surprise 0 am on a sunday    great life
does anyone know how to make a book cover outta a paper bag?
well my friend sent me a text saying that if i didnt send it to 9 people some screaming girl would appear at the end of my bed    he got the gender and the time wrong cause at 5 smile 0 some stupid screaming idiot decided to wake me up    take a guess at who that idiot was?
trying to figure out when i decided to become such an antisocial sarcastic bastard   
one of my friends asked me if i wanted to go to l a  for like one day for the wcg grand finals   might go for it
someone told me i need to be nicer    not sure how i feel about that
i just realized ghandhi would have been screwed if britian had been a dictatorship
just curious is there a real difference between north and south korea or is it just one has mental problems?
yay saints won  smile 
well i need 3 new choices for my asl roleshifting song    any suggestions?
"    <propfirst> 6 year old girl voice is going to be on csi    unfortunatly hes not the one who dies, maybe next time  smile <"
"sigh, now i have to do a really crappy song    damn u to hell whoever wrote phantom of the opera  sweeney <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
3 day weekend whoo hoo! not gonna do nothing whoo hoo! gonna do it all on sunday boo hoo!
"yay, stupid city cant even keep its own power grid up   "
fucking janakoski
honestly thinking about being incredibly nice tomorrow just to see all my friends freak out faces    so i guess im not being nice i would just screw with all my friends
finished my translation except for a few things and gonna get it checked tomorrow    lets not fail!
"so the main point of the movie \let me in\"" is that a 12 year old demon child goes around and eats everyone this one kid doesnt like    wheres my 12 year old demon child?"""
chicago seems to be having a damn good season this year
me+______= relationship where one of us ends up dead
yay my dads gone crazy    again
i just found out the thing my dad is pissed at me about is something he made up    stupid son of a bitch
sigh sitting on a bench waiting for the play to open so i can get my ace passport credit
sitting at <propmale> at 900 at nite next to some old drunk black guy talking about bones and dance classes
wow my dad was yelling at me about something that happened last year
<propmale> just did what janakoski should have done last week
chicago vs new york    unfortunatly i e playful ect chicago to walk all over them
how did we meet? (copy this to your status and see who remebers)
new york might just end chicago winning streak one game before i thought chicago would lose
well i tried to be nice today    and it around 730 when i got into school  u can all blame domonik for that
ok really? ur gonna bully a gay guy? well i hope the 30 seconds of amusement was worth a dead man on ur conscience and the entire worth thinking ur a douche 
who the fuck picks cereal as a homecoming theme? who decides these things i want to have a talk with them
fun time at the ice creamery    until panda ditched me    bastard ur gonna pay  smile <
lol so we went to get ramen in union city and pand tried to drink his soup from his miso (he failed) and now hes sick lol
lol 0-5 niners and u gotta play raiders next week so consider it 0-6
things looking bleak for the braves
"cangradulations giants, your one step closer to being humiliated by the yankees in the world series"
apparently the minnasota coach can hear my dad from all the way in new york because he gave them his advice and he took it
hurray dejulia revised my song    now i basically have to learn a whole new song
you know what i just realized? my way of solving pretty much any problem is to kill it
"im either doing really good on my asl song or im sucking horribly, ill find out tomorrow when i ask"
"i just realized i would be a horrible deal or no deal contestant\the bank is offering u $90,000 dollars    so deal or\'hits button' \gimme my goddamn money"
imma bullshit my essay so hard tomorrow unti wont even knowbwhat book im talking about
lets see parents gone for the weekend    im thinking 14 straight hours of video games
"whooo! running on less than 5 hours of sleep, look out world imma be cranky"
"love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears,hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put this on your status if you have a amazing sisters"
"fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not only did my stupid ass dog shit diarea all over the goddamn carpet, but the raiders are also losing to the fucking niners!!!!!!!!"
sigh stupid life   
yes 95 out of 100 on my asl song!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"well sorry yankees, looks like your through"
this is a good stay at home and do nothing day
whooo! 14-0 beat ur ass broncos
21-0 thats how we do it bitch!
our ball again broncos give it up!
"31-0 before halftime, get owned broncos!!!!"
3 surprise  before half-time im am out of arrogant things to say
half-time with the raiders is 38-7         i think we win
now its 52-14 why dont u just give up and go home broncos?
"59-14  ok now i hate the broncos ahd the raiders are my team but, god let the broncos do something there gonna go home and cry "
final score raiders kicking your ass broncos crying themselves to sleep tonight
fuck i have to where red tomorrow
what are we supposed to where tomorrow for the theme?
anywon know where to find rabbit ears?
the theme tomorrow is pirates right?
"well looks like u lost rangers, better luck next game"
holy shit the new fable three looks amazing!
the theme tomorrow is halloween costumes right?
get owned seniors we win
lol giants win world series miracles   do happen
"\like\"" my status and i'll tell you\",400837e47f06b37f4b97d85238bfc571,soooo    hi god     well i dont think u exist but if u do u should make my sister get better    kthxbai 
that was such a bullshit penalty
ive offically decided that the refs in this game are all kansas fans
whooooooooo! janakoski just won us a game! miracle!
"hey does anyone know dejulias phone number?\or know how much the disney land trip costs  who to make the check out to?"
ok so i am offically going on the asl disney trip     i shall consider it the stupidest use of $300 i have ever spent
plan for the deaf school tomorrow: 1  get there 2  get my interview 3  maybe watch the show in the little theater 4  go home as quickly as possible
"today is  veterans day, so if ur a verteran, go ahead and be obnoxious for this day is better than christmas halloween thanksgiving and your birthday combined"
ok so raiders are now offically tied with kansas city  way to not be useless broncos!
"hmm good news and bad news about raiders vs steelers\good news : hopefully the patriots hit <propmale> hard enough to keep him out of the game \bad news: steelers got there asses handed to them so theyll be out for blood next week"
stupid asl game giving me a bunch of hard words then giving everyone else easy words
my dad is retarded
"this is for our asl program and orphan kids needing stuff so goto\barnes & <propmale> \hacienda crossings\4972 dublin boulevard\dublin, ca 94568 on \saturday, november 20th\9 surprise 0am until 6 surprise 0pm and buy books with this code: \10333425  or if you have a life go online to barnes and noble com and buy books and stuff with the code 10333425     go buy books nao!"
fucking worthless pieces of shit
"ok everyone im going to ask a question and your all going to answer as truthfully as possible, ready? \why is there more than one religion if a god does in fact exist?"
ok people my dad has agreed to go in half with me for a new computer as long as it is less than 500 dollars    any suggestions?
<propfemale> is better than japan   and <propfemale>     and korea    well that covers the majority of my asian friends
i normally wont vote for the bear cubs but fuck the dog killer
fuuukkkk someone stop me im thinkin about going out and getting black ops
i just watched a street fighter movie and there wasnt a single damn hadoken in it! ):<
found 10 dollars on the way home from school today and we have our christmas tree    win!
"\someone who never made a mistake never tried anything new\"""""
i love how obvious the comments the annoucers say are
way to pick then to have a bum arm flaco
so apparently the connection between a xbox and a controller is so great my controller turned on my xbox while i was at my friends house 100 feet away    damn microsoft making efficient shit
mayhap this be more difficult than i first anticipated
epic news just got my new computer  bad news cant play on it till friday qq
ok so supposedly were 1400 dollars down for our goal for adopt a family so everyone break open ur piggy bank and go give to <propfemale> nao!
crap tomorrow i have to do a shift a wells fargo    ninjas     damn
figures the one day i dont want to wake up early is the one day i wake up at 6 30 and cant go back to sleep
damn i have projects i have to do
"lol my dad just said we would get my suit tonite, which means were not going to get it"
sometimes i just cant wait for him to die
we sucked less today!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!
ok people where do i find multi colored stud earrings
yes! fuck you steelers!
and    bam toystory!
most badass lineman ever
i went bowling! and i lost! yay!
gots a suit to tear to shit  smile 
fack! i need to goto sleep i have stuff to do today
als market has great tri tip sandwichs
kinda pissed but all quiet on the western front
"its christmas <propfemale>! u know what that means, thats right 366 more days till christmas!"
lol my couson in law just ran into the glass door!
"christmas gifts include, black ops, assassins creed brotherhood, and an ipod hoodie  how much does an old ipod go for now a days anyway?"
"i wish u a <propfemale> christmas i wish u a <propfemale> christmas i wish u a <propfemale> christmas and a happy new year! (for those of u who dont celebrate christmas, fuck you!!!!!!!!!!!!)"
damn if it wasn't for the fact i had family here this entire countryside would suck
i have returned from the depths of hell with 100 dollars and a shirt
"hmmm it seems that a rough estimate on the low end of the spectrum is that 433755000 people have died in wars    433755000 people that woulda lived if the leaders had sat down and negotiated a treaty instead of saying \you have what i want die\"""""
my kind of night
hmmm so bowling at nine today     ill give anyone 5 dollars if they kill <propfirst> before 9
well i ended up scoring second one round of bowling with 110  i woulda won but i kept guttering after my spares qq
hmmm new years <propfemale> what shall i do? probably gonna sit around and play video games
i wish i had a dog that can make a money tree
wow refs cheat more
its pretty sad that either the rams or the seahawks are going to the playoffs
so the seahawks are going to the playoffs  anyone else think new orleans lost their last game on purpose?
hmmm i only have around 7 items for my ace    so yeah bsd stuffs going to happen
"so i finished tearing up my suit for asl and apart from some mess ups on the jacket, i think i did a pretty good job"
"so i just finished a project session with my group  in a completly related note, a quick survey  on a scale of one to ten how likely to get married am i? ten being most likely and one being never ever ever  personal vote is >2 but <1"
how the fuck are the seahawks beating the saints?
so yeah everyteam that could stop the patriots from winning the super bowl have been knocked out 
bury that dog killer greenbay!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game set match  winner greenbay  loser dog killer piece of shit
"\dont forget what happened to the man who suddenly got everything he ever wanted  he lived happily ever after \"""""
"does anyone have the movie \extraordinary measures?"""
for all of u that are going to the blood drive i respect u and at the same time ur an idiot for letting someone stab u with a needle
sometimes life is good  this is not one of those times
lol seattle vz chicago    any guesses on whos going win that?
u know what the best part about a three day weekend is? not going to school
almost did a very successful troll   
"there not going to be here that long!!!!!!!!\thats what the indians said when they saw the white man coming"
fuckkkkk i left my binder somewhere qq
"words to live by\\an empty stomach is not a good political adviser \"" \",400837e47f06b37f4b97d85238bfc571,oh noes i forgot her goddamn birthday again crap   
touchdown greenbay fuck u chicago
"shows how smart the bears are, their second strings better than their started"
no more bear cubs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sigh i was worried about this
is it just me or is everyone way to stressed about finals
time to kick some final ass!!!!!!!
2 easiest finals tomorrow  laugh  who knows if ms  cox will let u play a ds in her class?
damn two hardest final tomorrow    anyone else not finish untis letter?
you know what i just realized? i dont really like people 
mr  <propfirst> raped that big nose guy at the last second  laugh dddd
"c- in anatomy  grrrr > sad   its on now anatomy, im gonna kick your ass!!!!! > smile "
"excessive celebration  fuck you  if i just itercepted a pass and ran it back for a touchdown in the super bowl, i woulda done more than that"
wat now worthlessburger? 7x ur score
that was the worst waste of a half time show ever 
packers!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i apparently give off a trusting <propfemale>, which is funny because i thought i gave off a \get away from this kid he wants to kill me\"" <propfemale>"""
