a928a63c6e0948b9206093e5ca70cd2a
i just got a kitten!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so exited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wright now right now and then your read it and its your right now but its not the one im talking about      or is it? time to go to sleep and wake up then in a new now
"i think hugs, nice words, and doing nice things should count as currency"
man i really hope that yoga doesn't get cancelled again
yay rain!!!!  laugh  booooo math test  sad 
     time?    what time is it?
ya!!! i get to spend the whole day making a new 5 <propfemale> essey then i get to go to work at 5 when im done     woo
yay weekends!!!!       only not weekends cuz i have work all day  sad  come to coldstone between 4 smile 0 and   12 and say hi
fusho time to write 3 papers and work all day again wooooo
its 2 and im finally done with my letter to congress woo    sleep now
signin the lease for my house today at 4   super exited!!!!   just have to write a paper befor that then off to school->work
how is your day going?
reality is what’s left when perception is gone
my band just put up some demos of some of our songs so im really exited  the ony thing is its just guitar cuz i have like 20 hours of school and 50 hours of hw and now i get to go to work yay!
no school today!!! about to have a turduckin for dinner!
o wow 4 surprise 5 a m                                        i think it might posebly be time to maby think about posebly taking a light nap      plesent dreams everybody
wow its a talk that leads to a argument       and when noone listens arguing leads in to yelling   yell into fighting      fight into worse        let just try more talking and maybe some littening if the other side will really listen          people say it dosent work but not doing anything works even less
band practice!!!!!!
yea!!! new house!!!
is madder than a hatter
just finished waching firefly and serenity  and now im just really really sad that ill never know what happens 
is at work and missing someone veary special right now      well at least im on spring break and can just kickit all week
ya and now i get to go to work till 11 smile 0   happy zombie jesus day everyone
i just want it to be the summer again so i can where shorts and stop weareing shoes
happy picknick day!!!
well that was awesome time for work  ya!
picnic day was a success! now on to whole earth!
come back to me real internet! i'm done with this iphone buisness i can't do my home work on this thing
ya!!!!! internet you've come back to me
dayman! ahahhhahhhhhhhh!!!!!
ya!!!! <propfemale> dome is up! goodnigh    zzzz
and now im off to help with the magic of creation!!! the creation? whole earth!!!  laugh 
just got back from a 48 hour shift with whole earth have to go back by 1 and iv had 3 hours of sleep   also someone stoll my shoes so i get to get new shoes for myself   i love whole earth
4 days of work 10 hours of sleep   not to shaby i think ill go for 5 days with 8 hours next year     love it!!!      now time for finals and finaly time to get my hand fixed on friday w00t!
mind o mind what is on you right now   sorry i think it might be out right now
time to go and fix my hand with metal and dead people
dosent know what to do o well just guna wach more doctor      who?
dun dudududun dudududun dududu dun dun dun dun dudududun dudududun dududu dun dun dun *wisilling sound* wooooiiiiiooooooo wiiiiiioooooooo de de dooo de de dooooo ya just finished washing the veary first seson of doctor who from like 1960 ya im just that awesome
space time is so wishy woboly gooeky and loopy    i love this stuff
realy needs to pay his phone <propmale>
just got back from the hospital with a bran new splint!!! ya i can move wash my hand again!!! anyone want to chill?
"so always look\on the bright side of death  just before you draw your terminal breath  life's\a piece of shit  when you look at it  life's a laugh and death's a joke, it's\true  you'll see it's all a show  keep 'em laughing as you go  just remember\that the last laugh is on you "
"ooooohhhh!! immanuel kant was a real piss-ant who was very \rarely stable  heideggar, heideggar was a boozy beggar who could think \you under the table"
just lost the game      and so did you
so i broke my phone     again    more      so if anyone wants to kick it just hit me up on here cuz ya pools are dangerous for phones
has no phone and wants to kick it but has no mode of comunication out side of facebook ahhhhgggggg!!!!!! god damn pools and there need to feed on the souls of my departed phones damn you
hell ya my phone has come back from davey jones locker!!!!
is not quite ready for summer school
finaly the weekend now i dont have to talk about killing millions of people for a few days woooo
fuck musquitos and there nightly antics on my skin     also its guna be 103 today      time to go swimming
the pool is soooo warm!!!!! time to go swimming!!! any takers?
is up earlier than he has been in a wile  time to go to the doctor and take my history mid-term w00t
pass prop 19 legalize the green
may the force be with you
neeeeds to turn his phone back on    and dissability needs to pay me
wishes that he could work as a dream spy
cuz you know somethings goin' on hear and you wish you knew what it was dont you mr jones
inception was awesome i wish i could do it
?
's phone finally works again! yes!!!
band practice went awesome!!! laugh  and now i get to study for my final tomorrow   woo     
"so you believe in life, <propfemale>, equality, freedom, and democracy the american way one would say    what are you a fucking communist"
yea yea no more school for like 3 weeks!!!!!!!!!
fuck metro i payed my <propmale> 5 days ago and now my phone is off! wtf!!!
just walked from east <propmale> to west d i feel amazing
might have band practice today that is if phones get answered which ya know doesn't happen
wants to go and have a magical <propmale> party adventure camp out
's phone is back on!!!! woooooooo!!!! (530)554-8815 him me up yo!
<propfirst> just left for <propfemale> and now i'm bored don't know what to do  some one hit me up
c is for crrraaaapp
well math was awesome  the teacher is kind of a crazy person which is awesome now i get to go to lots of school early tomorrow     yyyaaaaa!!!!!!
learning ahoy!!!!
got to sleep at 4 now its time to go take some tests     fml
biophysics is just so interesting i want to change my <propmale>
science is cool
i just slept for 12 hours and i feel like shit and my throat hurt more than when i went to sleep     awesome
totalitarian dictatorships      wtf!!!
it's better than bad it's good
ya so waking up every hour on the hour all night is pretty awesome
just came up with a most excellent costume plan
why do people think that conservative and liberal beliefs are political parties?
time to vote!!!!!!!!!!!!
remember every vote counts    unless its provisional
11% of my friends on face book have voted              wow i think i might cry i just hope that a lot of people haven't hit the i voted thing yet
would like to leave now
feels good about life now
just broke his b string
is having a birthday party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is now 22!!!!!!!!!!!
is about to make chicken puttanesca and curry chicken!!! exited and hungry  laugh 
wants a pitbull
as thousands they grieve
might be getting a kitten!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
is now the owner of a kitten!!!!!!!!!!
how does changing your profile picture help fight child abuse???
the sun never sets on the earthican empire
"the larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shorline of wonder"
is done with finals!!!!!!!!!!! only one more semester  laugh 
"everyone's life is full of ups and downs      but mine is two parts strange, one part charm"
feels like a viking
tron legacy    awesome    think they might make another
he knows when you've been sleeping  he knows when your awake  he knows when you've been bad or good     so be good or krapus will drag you to hell       what a good way too keep you kids in check hahahaha!!!
guys like girls to smell like girls and guys like to smell like guys but girls like guys that smell like girls
happy krampus day everyone!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!
and now    work?!?   off to cold stone
religion without science is blind  science without religion is lame - <propfirst> einstein
damn it <propfemale> why do you make me do this
got a job at cafe italia!!!!
has fallen in love with life and will now drink it from a fountain that is porin like and avalanche comin down the mountain
just got a new phone and needs peoples (###)-###-####'s
is finally gettin tips oh ya!
day 5 of master cleanse  feelin kinda tired  needs to go buy more <propfemale> syrup  so exited for his free massage on friday!!!!!
meka leka hi meka hiney ho
welcome to the underwater dance show
requiem for a dream makes for bad dreams
l'appel du vide
my throat is so swollen i can barley talk    gota love having a sinus infection and a cough at the same time    time to make some tea
"early man walked away, as modern man took control their minds were all the same it conquer was their goal so they built this great empire and they slaughtered there own kind he died a confused man killed theme selfs with there own mind"
lost my mind but kept my looks
iron gym!!!!! i love you <propfirst>
wants to dance! lets dance!!!
loves to dance!!! come dancing with me!!!!!
if a tree falls in a <propmale> and no one is around to hear it    is there a <propmale>?
