d5ac4300a038ddfc35b25a8a7de85e88
i posted some new pics every one!!!   laugh 
"geometry rocks! i admit it, i am a total nerd!!!"
"just so everyone knows this on friend faq i do not like brownies!!! i'm not a big fan of chocolate, either   "
the parade rocked!
woohoo!!! finals are finally over!!! yay!
yay!!!!!!!!!!   <propmale> will be here in less than 24 hours!!!!!!!  yippie!!!!!!!
<propmale> left today and now i'm all alone and i dont have anyone to play the wii with! i'm soooooo bored!
<propfemale> christmas!
of coarse we're still friends! we just don't talk to each other or text back or anything 
"its been one long year  2010, goodbye and good riddince!"
lol i went to hit the horn and i accidentally hit the windshield wipers instead  epic fail 
black
"yay!!! eens for jeans stuff is here and we're accepting donations all week next week! so bring in those jeans, everyone!"
today im baby sittin my sis for the night shift
is going 2 bed cuz she is tired!
zomg! brobee doesn't know what a hug is!!!
weezer is gonna be on yo gabba gabba next week! lol
"hey everyone! this friday is bingo night at the jr  high, it's from 6 smile 0 to 8 smile 0 and it would mean a lot to us thrive members if everyone came!"
history is confuzuling!
has anyone else ever given a younger sibling a bath and gotten just as wet as them?
frappuccinos taste best in the middle of the night  smile 
"what it all comes down to\\is that everything's gonna be fine fine fine\\'cause i've got one hand in my pocket\\and the other one is giving a high five~\my fave song by alanis morissette"
"i don't care what it is that you want to tell me, don't text me on sunday mornings from 9 to 11 because i'm going to be at church!!!"
happy monday everyone  smile 
those who wake up early get the worm; those who wake up late make cinnamon rolls  smile 
happy hump day  smile 
owiee  crying  i rolled over the side of my foot with the wheel of my piano
yay! 8 dayz til my b-day  smile 
"i've been looking for a life line, for what seems like a life time  drowning in the pain, breaking down again, looking for a life line"
in my world everyone is a pony and they eat rainbows and poop butterflies~ <propfemale> from horton hears a who  smile 
thank you for all the happy birthday's from every one  smile 
thanks again for all the happy birthdays  smile 
"you are my light in the dark, you are the beating in my heart  but that is not enough, will i ever be by your side?"
"you are my light in the dark, you are the beating in my heart  but that is not enough, will i ever be by your side?"
"bheld in place with paralyzing fear, i scream but can't be heard  i cry but can't be seen  i'm dying in a world that no one sees and no one feels the pain"
b  slowly i loose all feeling and then the world fades away    freedom at last
kyaaa!!! its friday and i'm gonna see eclipse today with sasuke!!!
isn't it sad that zach efron wore more eye makeup than <propfirst> tisdale in high school musical?
"is mad because that purple dye was supposed to stay in for 3 weeks, not 2 days "
is drawing faces on ice cubes
is severely irked with local government
i love the way you lie  heart-broken 
kyaaa! an adorable unicorn is sitting in my closet!  laugh 
is wishing she hadn't drank that monster a couple hours ago                                         it's gonna be a long night  playful 
does anyone have turner 4 alg? i'm stuck on number 19 on the homework 
"i've been spending all my time just thinking bout you, i don't know what to do, i think i'm fallin for you "
how many shades of blue can be in one crayon box?
hey everyone! you know what the perfect lunch for tomorrow would be? breakfast! head on down to <propmale> <propfirst>'s tomorrow between 10 and 2 to help support thrive   smile 
"congrats to my sis, jaz, who just lost her first tooth  smile  love ya sis"
"my pain and all the trouble caused, no matter how long, i believe that there's hope, buried beneath it all "
loves tacos 
loves her <propfirst> and can't wait til she gets to see him  smile 
"if i knew loving you would hurt this much, i would've said goodbye years ago "
wants to throw her math homework out the window because it's confusing   playful 
loves playing dress up  smile  lol
"i haven't eaten anything today, but i've thrown up 4 times  how is that even possible?!?"
"i've thrown up 7 times today, and it's not even 3 yet  i think i just set a world record   annoyed "
feeling a bit better  smile  so i'll be back at school tomorrow  smile 
what would jello be classified as  a solid? a liquid? a plasmic alien blob? the world may never know   
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn, but it's alright because i like the way it hurts "
is finally awake 
apparently will i am is steppin on a lepercaun
"teach me how to not love, because i can't take getting hurt again "
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky like shooting stars, i could really use a wish right now "
om nom nom  i love you mr  giraffe  smile 
now i'm feelin so fly like a g6
doesn't want to go to school today 
don't fight an alligator for a ham sandwich 
"i can see it from the other side the grass isn't always as green, the house is burned to ashes i'm no longer in between  r i p  r i p  you and me "
"doesn't live in <propmale> anymore  she has relocated to halloween town, usa and won't be back until november 1st "
how is it that a life so full can seem so empty?
is loving the new soundgarden cd  smile 
"i wrote this song about you, i wrote this song about you  just to let you know, that i hate your guts, and i think you suck    lol i love reel big fish  laugh "
silly songs with <propfirst>!
is in love  smile 
hit myself in the face with a saxaphone    then i asked myself how i could be such a klutz
"they taped over your mouth, scribbled out the truth with their lies, you little spies"
i love how when people talk in another language they use horrible fake accents
is soooo happy!  smile 
"oh, the things we do for bacon"
woohoo! goin to six flags today  smile 
my little sister just told meticu school milk tastes like play-doh  lol
 smile 
"jeans, why do you have to be wet when i can't find anything else to wear?"
"this one love in a lifetime, our two hearts of a kind  love "
i'm sick and tired of unreliable people 
there's a thrive fundraiser at <propmale> evans from 10 til 2 tomorrow! all you have to do is come and enjoy the food  smile  please come and support thrive
"woohoo! headed to a haunted graveyard with <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propmale>  smile "
leaf blower!
i'm losing you  heart-broken 
"<propfemale> is ruining children's education  <propfemale> just did a rhyming ws with the words jump, hump, and $tump "
"if you don't wanna talk to me, just tell me instead of making me worry like this   annoyed "
you have no right to judge me based on what you see right now because you weren't there to see the 15 years that put me where i am now 
is gonna see saw with <propfirst>  smile 
"last night i dreamt, that somebody loved me  no hope no harm just another false alarm  -the smiths"
hmmm    what a peculiar fellow   
"silence  sometimes good, sometimes bad  i believe this currently is the latter "
"i feel sorry for you  she has you on a short leash and when she lets go you're gonna come running to me but i already told you, i'm not cleaning her mess up "
"do you want to be an awesome, cool person? then come to the harlem ambassador's game at 7 at the cape hs gym!"
"*er? why why world they name a show er?\*thats e r "
just spilled boiling milk on my leg and it hurts like crazy
why isn't anyone answering their phone?
"no one can see how close i am to breaking, even though i tell them every day "
heartbreak warfare
i poured you my heart in a <propmale> jar  please don't drop it or let it shatter 
what does <propmale> see?
"anytime i feel good about myself, you have to come in and make me feel worthless  why?"
"its alrigt yeah i'll be fine, don't worry about this heart of mine, just take your love and hit the road "
whats so great about love? you're vulnerabe and almost always get hurt  its pointless  heart-broken 
lol my hair is still wet from my shower at 6 this morning
why do memories of you still haunt my mind at night?
its never too early to rock!
last christmas you gave someone your heart? this christmas i'll throw my radio out the window to escape this crappy holiday music 
"you'll be in my heart, from this day on, now of forever more   love "
"why does love have to hurt? its supposed to be happy and fun, not painful and sad "
i think it would be better to have never loved than to love someone and then to lose them 
"don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more   heart-broken "
raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways!  smile 
lol who sings this song?!? its terrible yet funny 
i didn't realize how much i would miss you   heart-broken  is it too late to fix this mess?
everyone's always leaving   can someone please just stay around for a while?  heart-broken 
so much for my happy ending
woohoo! i finally finished the cake thingy for tomorrow! i mean today  lol i didn't realize how late it was d-: goodnight facebook!
"maybe this will work out, maybe it won't  i don't know why but i can't shake this ominous feeling off "
"i'm addicted to you, don't you know that you're toxic?  wink "
why do tall guys smell your hair when they give you a hug?
"i'm coming home, tell the world i'm coming home, let the rain wash away, all the pain of yesterday  smile "
"you're finally mine, and then you start talking about the marines? i don't want to think about losing you  love "
<propfemale> painted a picture of a thin <propfemale> because she didn't want her picture to hurt his feelings lol
pin cushion just went swimming in paint brush cleanin water and made a big orange mess every where! d:
almost lost a few fingers while choppin an apple  d:
had the best christmas ever with my family and my boyfriend  smile 
woohoo! rugrats are on all week!
"dad is using a samurai sword to \fix\"" the car  anybody know where we can get a new one?"""
what's said in the polka <propfemale> room stays in the polka <propfemale> room   smile 
"days come and go, but my feelings for you are forever  smile "
ahhhh! my <propfemale> turned into a vampire!
happy new years <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone  smile 
last day of freedom  its been a great 2 weeks  smile 
"- you look like your grandfather with your hair parted like that \- well then    he was a very fashionable man "
"7955 you're an awesome friend, and i'm really lucky to have you in my life  smile "
"there's a reason for the world, you and i   smile "
"thought of the day: was it a flying purple people eater, or did it eat flying purple people?"
today is a great day  why? because we all have a new brother in christ  congrats to <propmale>!!!
"half of my heart's got the right mind to tell you that i can't keep loving you, with half of my heart"
play like you have a pair  of lungs  - mr  fliege in 1st hour band
cats love oyster crackers! lol who would've guessed?
"the stars <propfemale> down to kiss you, as i lie awake and miss you "
what's a toothball?
why can't you see what you did to me? the scars are alive but they're hiding inside 
song of the day: the remix of linkin park's in the end  its an awesome song
i wonder how it'll blow up this time?
"the problem with trust? once someone knows they have it, they treat you like crap because they know they can get away with it "
spongebob squarepants!
how does chocolate milk get in the stairwell?!?!
"goodnight, angel  you know life isn't always going to be this sweet, so enjoy it while it lasts "
"over the course of an hour and a half, <propfemale> managed to lose not only her shoes, but also her tights  lol  smile "
moustache is always in season  laugh 
i told you she'd break your heart as soon as you trusted her with it 
woohoo! finally friday  smile 
why is everyone always leaving?  annoyed 
all night house cleaning party  surprise  yawn
goodnight everyone
goin to tay and lis's birthday party today  smile 
sarcasm squared!  laugh 
"yes, something is wrong, and no, talking to you about it won't make anything better, so could you please just leave me alone for a while?  annoyed "
<propfemale> <propfemale> thompson is the butter <propfemale>!
my car just made friends with the curb in front of domino's and it was scary!
church of christ youth group guys made my day fabulous  smile 
yay!!! dad just bought me a bleach cosplay sword!!! he's the best dad ever  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
like this status if you think itunes should be able to convert music to mp3 format!!!
"why is it that when you are in a hurry, you hit all the red lights in town?"
broken hearted again
"we're still friends, we just don't talk to each other anymore"
"i'm afraid to fall in love because the person who's supposed to catch me is easily distracted  lol, thats how life goes tho, isn't it?"
biting a colleague on television? i'll never understand the brits 
"the sharp knife, of a short life "
omg just realized that the time changey thing is today!
"you said we'd still be friends, so why do i feel bad for wanting to talk to you now?  annoyed "
what is a metallica? - lol quotes from my mom
aaaah! i'm gonna kill itunes if it doesn't start workin soon! its slowly whittling away at my last bits of sanity  annoyed 
"don't let me stop you, if you wanna leave baby you can leave, just don't pretend that you're into me, if it ain't true "
why is it so hard to let go?  crying 
i hate fairytales because they leave you thinking that every story has a happy ending
yay  smile  the conference is today!
it's called the abstinence seat!
number 132 on my bucket list: go into a gas station without shoes and not caring what anyone thinks  check! lolz
i smile when i think of you because i know that we can work this out   love 
just saw a commercial where a squirrel said 'lets get wasted'  weird!
"you were one of those dreams where, in the back of my mind, i knew wouldn't last long, but with all of my heart, wished you would "
"my heart didn't break this time, it ripped itself out of my chest and then imploded into a million pieces  don't you just love being in 'love'?"
"i wouldn't catch a grenade for love, i'd throw one at it   laugh "
"the best thing about curly hair? no matter what its doing, people think you meant for it to do that  smile  lol"
thanks for coming back and twisting the knife one last time before you leave  annoyed 
"smiling but we're close to tears, we just now got the feeling that we're meeting for the first time "
ahhhhh e playful loding eggs! this kind of stuff is why my mother forbade me to cook  lol
you're so gay by <propfemale> <propfirst> is the best song ever!  smile 
with <propfemale> <propfemale> thompson and my mom singing <propmale> <propfirst> in the middle of <propfemale> garden  smile 
was that a hint of nostalgia i heard in your voice?  surprise 
"the vid for sing by my chem is amazing! everyone should watch it, after they watch the vid for na na na"
"?ôi know that we all have to go through some hard stuff to become the people who we're supposed to be, but could we at least get a coffee break between the"
"look at the stars, look how they shine for you, and everything you do"
