3001dd64c1c9273be00f998f3f9a2365
happy new year!
so how is your day going?
"i can't comfortably fit to the jeans i used to wear when i was 12-13yrs  old, time to hit the gym or buy new jeans?"
"popcorn, definitely "
"tic-tacs, again "
needs to find an anonymous tic-tac addicts club    playful 
 laugh 
"3g s, yay"
in in love with the new phone and what could be better than hot pink casing? especially when there was no other color options    laugh 
"finally bought a new mattress, yay! now i'm just waiting for it land in our bedroom some time next week  "
"has been married for 7 years today and wouldn't give a day away! yay! both still amazingly alive, lol"
one more week to go  
2 more days to go  smile 
"i'm done, it's finally here   the vacation!  playful "
had some sun and can't recommend anyone to use bikinis with flower pics   wasps seem to like them too  playful 
"looks very festive and we're talking about some kind of mediterranean festival now, since my color is borrowed from crabs   burns burns burns    like a fire  it took only 35 <propfemale>  on the sun to get the result  playful "
"had a great workout, with this pain i should look like <propfemale> <propmale> by tomorrow  "
"quite pathetic, i have to listen to the radio from iphone while driving   although, have to say that the sound is reasonable considering it's a phone "
"okay    went to the gym, washed the car, washed another car and now it's time to find a hotel for tomorrow     blah "
"ush, never mind"
it's called happiness 
ou poi  
"is definitely not a people person, that is official now "
off to the gym 
some idiots are alive simply because it's against the law to kill them
okay dokey
"declares the war against the spiders in my car, suggestions of weapons? raid is on use right now, not too convincing so far though "
oh yay 
feels cranky and it will probably last awhile too  
keyword audi 
still missing blue sunshine 
"still without blue sunshine, how long can it take to fix 2 <propfemale> parts on one <propfemale> car i wonder   should have a whole new car by now "
"oh yay! car came home, hurray!"
kiitos kaikille onnitteluista!  thank you everyone for b-day wishes!and i still don't look a day older than 60! yay!
there is something really wrong with this august 
"our house has turned into ant graveyard, dead bodies everywhere  surprise "
"waiting for the car, again    driving <propfemale> today  laugh "
might have to consider buying a new car  but just consider 
"buh, will this never end?"
"oh boy, it's all done now  for a while anyway   hopefully "
who says which -wise screws open? hammer is a good tool too and opens anything 
why waking up is such a difficult task  
"should i or should i not get a new car    if, buy or lease, there is a question "
"i think i'll stick with my toottoot for a while, went to see couple cars but there is no comparison "
"wow, registration renewal fees went up on my case almost 100%! lol!"
"grrrreat weather to take pictures, not a one drop of rain! yay!"
one more day  
<propfirst> <propfirst> 6 -<propfemale> 0
lost    totally  smile 
buhhuh 
oh yay 
life is a bitch and life's got lots of sisters  playful 
brand of the day (any day) -starbucks!
off to the gym  anyone else?
"almost time to process about 100 pictures    good luck to me, lol    let's eat spaghetti first "
and what was it again that i was suppose to do  ?
tired?
"ok, it's nap time  - - - "
another morning 
"cold front is here, finally! 65f! whoohoo!"
"never mind the cold front, it's gone now  playful "
morning looks ok    weather is still on the cooler side   smile 
great weather  smile 
i truly hate waking up  seriously 
"oh no, have wake up even earlier tomorrow    this just isn't fair!"
"oh yummy, it's halloween  surprise "
"ok <propmale>, here i come!"
got the first ticket in us -finally  playful  nice troopers though 
out of batteries 
sunday    best day of the week  love 
"needs to find wrinkle cream, that's how you get them, right?  playful "
"okay dokey, sunday it is  smile "
"it's monday, x-tra work for today "
and what did we learn today  
oops
"speak first, think after     as usual  playful "
"oh yay, here we go again    i need a new car "
"ok, it's time to eat turkey  surprise )"
having a bad bad day   
"comparing <propfemale> and audi   audi wins for sure since at least it looks cute, lol"
"driving new camry this time, really don't know what to think    and audi's problem is still unidentified   great     laugh "
"ok, back to audi   wonder how long this time  laugh "
"happy independence day, finland!"
"okay dokey   why christmas comes every year so early   just suddenly it's there and i'm usually ready to spend christmas couple days after new year   weird, isn't it?"
"i truly hate shopping, which includes christmas-  i don't have an idea what i want so how could i know what to get for someone else?"
can car be cursed    ?
"yay, got all the tires!"
have a wonderful day  surprise )
"we might get a (off-)white christmas too, it's raining so hard that you can't see anything outside  laugh "
i love this weather!
"happy holidays to everyone! eat and drink moderately, but most of all   relax -as much as you can!"
traffic school online  have slow down i guess    a little 
oh soooooo bored!
"graduated from online driving school, whoohhoo  laugh "
 surprise )
i think i have serious gummy bear addiction  
chasing the chicken -good thing those won't run too fast on publix deli
hokey pokey  
okay dokey
"ok, saturday it is  surprise )"
messing around with acrylics today  laugh 
"ok, abstract it is  all done now "
gummy bears attack again! what would i do without haribo?
stripping pups
sometimes i think those darn muscovy ducks know traffic rules better than some people over here 
happy <propfirst>'s day!
"okay dokey, tuesday it is"
missing the sun 
"sometimes \next time\"" is too late   do today what you can """
"ok, i'll do it tomorrow   "
pulling hair
all righty then   it's done now 
poooff  
"what would be the point for me to learn anything new, since i'm capable of forgetting anything in split of a second   poof, and it's gone!  laugh "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness "
"ok, and then  "
"happy easter people, lots of bunnies and tons of chocolate!"
farewell easter <propfemale> 
saturday!  surprise )
"ok, next saturday then  surprise )"
one of us is exaggerating and it's not me  surprise )
gummy bears 
"only two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity, and i'm not sure about the universe \\<propfirst> einstein"
poooff   
"if you ever wish for rain, just let me know and i'll start gathering stuff to wash my car -you'll definitely get what you wanted "
had a good weekend and met some really nice people   surprise )
"carrots, tons of carrots "
"driving korean rental, wont move quick enough even if i stand on gas    brrr"
apparently spiders don't discriminate cars by country of origin- any car i'm driving seems to be good for them  playful 
"audi is back from vacation, i'm sure spiders are celebrating  playful "
"my chocolate diet is working well, i've gained about a zillion micro ounces, yay! but i still soooo miss my salmiakki diet, works always better  laugh "
8th anniversary  surprise )
"good thing my memory is so lousy, what would i do with all this useless information i've collected during my life if i'd really have to remember all of it  laugh "
"nice fireworks, too bad it was raining  surprise )"
"ok, let's cancel mornings   can't be good to be this tired"
brrrrr   it's hot here i'd say  no rain -no bigger complaints  surprise )
"murphy has been visiting this week, wonder how long it's planning to stay   hmm  "
still vigorously looking for crazy glue and new car  playful 
"found the car (hopefully, 5 days to return if i feel doing so  ), crazy glue is still missing "
"too funny! same minute when i told the salesperson on the phone that i'd keep the car   the \service engine soon\""-light went on! lol"""
got so superyummy birthday surprise that i don't know which way to roll! thank you taru!
"whoohhoo, spiders have found the car!"
thanks for birthday wishes  surprise ) kiitos onnitteluista  surprise )
"okay, have to make a plan for spiders  they definitely seem to enjoy the company of nissan  grrr "
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz   
"sunday, all day long!"
"tooooo hot, wish winter would come just a <propmale> faster this year "
"ok, let's have a halfway <propfemale> day today  surprise )"
no car feels your own until you have poured gummy bears all over the place while trying to figure out how fast car can take the corners without drifting   then analyzed how many gummy bears there should be around and spent an hour looking for them  playful 
"1 more morning, waiting for sunday already  surprise )"
"almost sunday  surprise ) almost, not quite  soon anyway  you think i'm waiting for sunday?"
"32c, can't believe it!  surprise "
i have way too many pics to process and no way to figure which ones to delete   duh 
looking for missing pics    driving me nuts (more than usual that is)!
"22c this morning, yay!"
"got lost on my way to coconut creek, instead found myself from boca    talented as i am =p and yes, i had gps with me  2 actually "
 surprise )
happy and creepy halloween for everyone :7)
räyh  <propfemale> murr 
"fight with the lights, hope i'll win the war "
"now i miss audi, it's 14c tonight!"
getting cooler   
happy halloween  laugh 
happy and turkeyful thanksgiving to everyone  surprise )
black friday? shopping? anyone?
where is the winter---i'm melting here  surprise 
"will those drn spiders hibernate? couple of them in my car, again   prkl"
"ok, car is very shiny now -except for mohawk on top of the roof  couldn't reach there and it would be a great reason to get convertable  right?  laugh "
beer
"whoohhoo, winter is finally here  surprise ) it's suppose to go down to 13c tonight  surprise )"
are spiders finally hibernating over here? someone had made a mess in my car last night- webs all over the windshield-inside  grrr
"ugh, it's huge!"
why does it feel that there is never enough hours in a day? :å
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy, paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same "
hyvää itsenäisyyspäivää suomi! happy independence day finland!
so sad    i might have to change my flip-flops to sneakers for couple of days anyway  =o)
"missed the eclipse, duh"
"ok, next stop would be the new year  surprise )"
happy new year! any new year resolutions for 2011?  laugh 
"kirjoita googleen nimesi <propfemale> osaa, esim \kalle osaa\""  listaa 5 asiaa", jotka osaat annoyed 3001dd64c1c9273be00f998f3f9a2365,14c this morning  surprise 
"my computer died fairly fast but painful death caused by hard drive  just a reminder to everyone: remember to make copies of whatever important you have on your computer   i did mine every 6 weeks and tomorrow was suppose to be the day, lol"
"driving weenie versa, it's not exactly a race car but moves somewhat somewhere  with it's own spider, of course "
back to my blue spider trap  surprise )
sneakers
dfd smc murr
it's so nice and chilly   love the weather  surprise )
"change your profile picture to a photo of your pet, or any other animal  the idea is to not have pictures of humans on facebook until february 28 to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse  if you are also against animal abuse, copy and paste this message on the wall"
"<propfemale> spiders are crawling all over the car, wonder if some spider b had puppies there   so not fair "
unbelievable   on my way home i had time to clean half of the car's interior while standing on traffic  surprise  next time i'll plug in the car vacuum cleaner and clean the rest of it while standing on traffic lights  playful 
"looks like winter is returning -for couple days anyway, 12c right now  surprise )"
nail in tire -again  playful 
waiting for the 19th and <propfemale>  surprise )
 surprise )
"ok, spiderseason is here  i don't discriminate against any spiders -will kill them all on sight-especially in my car  sorry spidey buddies  playful "
"idea is to change all profile pics to animals by march 31 in order to support efforts against animal abuse  if you feel this way, change your profile to a animal pet and show your support  thank you to all that adore love animals"
"if you want a high performance woman, i can go from zero to bitch in less than 2 1 seconds "
start off each day with a smile and get it over with 
