272a9b6d0f1490026298496e1cbb3ab2
just finished my math placement exam    you mean i was supposed to remember calculus?
in 8th grade i started a video documentary project for tech class    today i finished it 
i guess the ap gov exam graders weren't too impressed by my political doodles (but we finally get to see our scores yes!)
camping for the weekend  birds make a great alarm clock    if you like getting up at 5 in the morning 
got my college rooming assignment and i think it made my day    week    next school year!
"it took two years to go out, find, and buy a copy of the sequel to tales of symphonia, and seven days to finish it  hm "
two days until i leave for tacoma  that's enough time to pack everything    right?
"orientation = camping, camping = no computer, phone, or music, so don't e playful ect me around until thursday!"
"four classes, no finals this semester (scooore), no classes on thursdays and only one on tuesdays, and two entire bags of books  welcome to college  let's have a hoedown "
"needs a screwdriver  and a time turner, while i'm at it "
"why am i always hungry after midnight? (for that matter, why am i always awake after midnight?)"
i hate it when i come home to my cave and find out puny humans have broken in and eaten my cheese 
is living if you give a mouse a cookie  you know what goes well with chocolate frosting? <propmale> crackers   
is joining the half of campus that's sick  thank <propfemale> for bookstores that sell cough drops 
permissum nos pungo is 
"you tell those trojans, if they say they won't fall, that i'm a godlike warrior and i'mma get some <propfemale> here! don't trust a greek, never trust a greek   "
first college golf tournament! hopefully i actually know the rules of this game   
"ups symphony orchestra concert tomorrow! 7 smile 0 pm, schneebeck concert hall  it's free and fairly short, so everyone should come!"
"going to spokane for whitworth invitational, brb"
anybody else need some last-minute peer editing on this gods-forsaken (oh the irony) aeneid essay? i think i need someone to help make sense of whatever it is i just wrote 
"hello, port <propfemale>!"
will be in oregon until sunday night  last golf tournament of the season!
"loggers! ever been to a laser tag all-night event?\   want to?"
"sorry, nanowrimo, you can't devour my soul time this year    college beat you to it "
can't read <propmale> without thinking of the franz <propmale> song   
"had four potential schedules for spring semester, and i got    the fourth one  oh, being a freshman "
"\you can’t learn to be real  it’s like learning to be a midget  it’s not a thing you can learn \"""""
2 inches of snow in tacoma    almost a foot in port <propfemale>  there is no escape   
has now seen hp7 twice  (maybe at some point i'll start to remember the book--)
"10:15 pm, november 30th, 2010  50,400 words  what now, nanowrimo!?"
"so  two school weeks left and 20,000 meal points left  i sense a problem \\   who wants to have a pizza party?!"
1 stats project + 2 essays + 1 test = home  yesplz 
"staying up until 2 am writing essays was exactly the way i wanted to spend my last night of the semester here  oh well, it's worth it to go home tomor-- today   "
good news: asian <propmale> final went really well  bad news: honors211 essay was totally unfocused and had no point to argue  good news: stopped caring because i'll be home in two hours!
"walked by the computer and it restarted itself  opened the fridge and the bulb burned out  sat down by the window and the christmas lights fell down \   where's my letter from hogwarts!?"
last day of classes was 26 days ago  one and only final was 19 days ago  semester ended 17 days ago  just got my grades 5 minutes ago  oi    at least i predicted them almost-correctly!
forget trying to distinguish between plato and socrates  i'm crediting plocrates 
"somehow managed to write \hipstery\"" instead of \""history \"" the new honors150: hipsters and the construction of the other  ancient rome style """
"can we pretend that golf balls off the fairway are like    mulligans? i could really use a par right now, par right now, par right now   "
"within an hour of being back at school, i've found three spiders in my room \   is it summer yet?"
"high school orchestra: conductor frustrated by playing over the fingerboard\college orchestra: conductor frustrated by inability to play over the fingerboard\i just can't win"
