1504eeef5f2733e555c0267be3eb2c32
"is super pumped! and probably over-caffeinated    heh  smile  happy new years <propfemale>, <propfemale>ryone!"
is ready to engage in seriously awesome behavior
is not happy about her b in calculus :[
got her sat scores back 
is really upset and going to the park  text if you care to 
can't even go to the park because her pants don't fit  ugh!
loves her aunt <propfemale>  love 
is stronger than you think 
is very happy  smile  and so excited for the rest of this month!
is frustrated with herself for getting so upset!! i can't stand feeling out of control of my emotions  goodnight 
is nervous 
is thinking she should do some laundry    maybe later 
wishes she had magical cleaning skills   
"is in huntington beach, ca july 11-july 27  smile "
has had a terrible headache the past 48 hours  be home monday night 
thinks the wrackspurks may have taken control over her brain 
could really use a friend 
is now 18 and listening to <propfemale> montana    haha  smile 
loves birthday spankings and getting hyphy! heh  thanks dudes!
"is laughing pretty hysterically because someone had \a couple like ten glasses of wine\"""""
"used to want to be just like you, so perfect, so untouchable "
realized she likes to plan spontaneous events    which contradicts itself 
doesn't feel good  at all 
really really really doesn't like ants  annoyed  cleaning and hopefully visiting jadenbaby!  smile 
is on parole right now  i want a monkey!!!
"can do 20 pushups, has never skinny dipped, and has dressed up in a mascot outfit and ran around  and i don't feel like racking up points to see who answered those wrong, haha "
wants to roll around in the back of <propfirst>'s jeep again  wink 
is determined to have a great day today  smile 
spoke the words but never gave a thought to what they all could mean 
spent the winter on the verge of a total breakdown while living in norway 
keeps on moving anyway 
just wants to love you  i don't want to change you or judge you 
"crowd surfed for the first time last night at endfest, and is hanging out with <propfemale> tonight and going to the football game  excitement!"
is going to work on newspaper and homework all day and night with bri    yayyy! haha  smile 
and <propfemale> are the best  wreaking havoc!
"kind of has no idea what's going on    haha, ahhhh!"
"is done  i'm moving on, no matter how hard it is "
"is super excited! homecoming tonight, and then i get to meet <propfemale> when i get home!  smile "
kljfaklsdjfalkjdsfaoidtjawioefjdxkfm  yeah 
is going to go play rock band with <propfemale>!!  smile 
panicpanicpaniclaughhhhlaughpanicpanic
loves being around people who make her laugh 
loves the intensity of influence music has on her 
is off to help little kids paint pumpkins at the children's home society in auburn!  smile 
is super stressed about newspaper  why do i have five stories? but i made halloween cards for my <propfemale> crew freshmen and it cheered me up!
had the worst dreams ever last night and woke up sweating  soooo not looking forward to cleaning up after yesterday or writing my short story today   after i go to seattle with <propfemale>  smile 
loves how newspaper staff is like a family  we fight and make up like a bunch of siblings 
is smiling  smile 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
could be another fool or an exception to the rule  you tell me 
"is becoming more adventurous!  smile  in a good way, of course "
loves dancing to fantastic music like a weirdo when no one is around  smile 
wishes she had someone here right now to tell her everything will be okay  annoyed 
doesn't like this one bit   
"watched polar e playful ress two times, colored, and played with toy trains  i love my four-year-old neighbor  smile "
heard what you said!
"is extremely thankful for <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>  love  oh, and flower "
feels very lonely without <propfemale> 
is going to go read until her mind decides to shut up and let her get a good night of sleep for once 
totally loves all these confusing people 
is counting the hours  tomorrow marks three months  i'm so proud of myself 
"just finished th1rteen r3asons why  such an amazing book, but so hard to read at parts "
loves her friends and the <propmale> potter soundtrack  love  pretty sure nothing can bring me down  smile 
finally applied to western  done with college apps!
loves her piercing  yayyy for me finally doing something i want! heh  smile 
has some of the weirdest dreams    what the heck?
"you're not on my list of things to do, 'cuz i've already done you  wink "
made like ten new best friends last night  success 
must have measured wrong  look at this wreck we've built 
"has been accepted into western, just four days after they received my application! wooot "
"will be everything that i wanna be  i am confidence in insecurity  i am a voice yet waiting to be heard  i shoot the shot, bang, that you hear 'round the world "
"and <propfirst> murgittroyd just hade a <propmale> breakthrough    kind of  actually, it was all <propfirst>  i just listened =p"
"will be everything that i wanna be  i am confidence in insecurity  i am a voice yet waiting to be heard  i shoot the shot, bang, that you hear 'round the world "
gold?!
feels inadequate 
is so batman right now   
is going through her itunes gift cards way too quickly  i'm not liking that some songs are $1 29 now    <propfemale> sigh 
loves sufjan stevens 
"likes herself 'cuz she's really awesome    yeahh, that is all "
thinks this weekend sucked 
is in a really good mood!  smile 
"well, that's enough studying "
is excited to get together with <propfemale> and samber tonight! we're girls; we like to bake 
thinks everyone should come buy hot chocolate in the library tomorrow morning! it supports book club and is super delicious!  smile 
"[the fever, the focus  the reasons that i had to believe you weren't too hard to sell ]"
has got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night
hmph 
can't wait for you to shut me up!
wonders how she wound up here   
wishes roses smelled like play-doh 
just spent twenty minutes laughing at pokemon pickup lines  i'm pretty sure i'm the coolest person ever 
"tried to put a fire out, but used gasoline "
loves how texting a good friend and dancing around the kitchen while doing the dishes can make her feel not-so-crappy 
is drinking chocolate milk from a toy story mug  smile 
does not feel good  annoyed 
really really wants the reptar hoodie she saw at hot topic today  i almost peed my pants from excitement when i saw it 
woke up this morning feeling like p  diddy  if only i knew what that means   
"has the house to herself for several hours  know what that means?! cleaning! wooooo, i'm awesome!!"
"cleaned the house for four hours, but apparently it's not too noticeable  sigh  i can't wait for <propfemale> to come over "
loves that she believed her mom and brother when they said we had a dentist appointment at 7 smile 0 this morning  <propfirst> seemed genuinely pissed off  appointment isn't until 9:20  sigh  why am i so gullible sometimes?
will be your distraction 
gotta love how it's somehow all on me  all the petty scenes and all the pretty things    say whatever you want cuz i can laugh it off 
is so sick of this pattern  i kind of want college now 
is damaging her eardrums and loving every moment of it 
wishes she could change so many things     sad 
"wants to remind everyone that the <propfemale> drive started yesterday! help out the food bank by donating your spare change  put pennies in your grade's jar to add points and put other coins or bills in the other grades to make them lose points! (<propfemale> adds one point, nickel subtracts five points, dime subtracts ten points, etcetera )"
"wishes she had somebody to watch disney movies with  i'm thinking the fox and the hound, toy story, and lion <propmale> sound fabulous "
"wants to thank everybody who stopped by the rockathon yesterday for support and provided treats! dang, that was difficult "
wishes she could erase things from her mind 
hasn't been on facebook for half a week and only had four notifications upon logging in  i love you all too 
<propfemale> bye errbuddy!!
blehhhhh
"will never give up on her goals, no matter what  smile "
had a pretty good day!  smile 
is feeling adventurous  smile 
has had a really rough month  hoping to make april much better 
 smile 
loves singing to her dog 
is wondering if anybody has an e playful losions in the sky cd she could borrow   
has made a decision: western  smile 
this seems like a terrible situation    but maybe not  your response will help determine 
thinks homework on prom weekend should be illegal    but i'm so glad i got to spend prom with my brother  smile  he's pretty much the best 
had fun with friends last night!  smile  i really want to see the rest of atonement 
"kind of wishes she could have a d surprise ver of high school    i should have lived more, i think  oh well, can't change the past  all i can do is enjoy college and the summer before it "
is super excited that pretty much all of her plans for this three-day weekend are cancelled  still got mother's day and the clean sweep though    who wants to make new plans?
"is absolutely fed up with being ignored and lied to  is it that hard to be a decent person, really?"
wants the people she loves to be happy   
and berlyn <propfirst> are totally seeing rihanna and ke$ha in july for freeeee  smile  we just have to write a review on it and send it to inflight as guest reporters in the fall! woooo0t 
had an interesting day yesterday 
has set a goal to be as badass as pink one day 
"finally got some sleep last night  fifteen hours is kind of ridiculous, but i sure needed it! i'm in a good mood now "
is about to wreak havoc with brianne smile 
 smile 
likes playing solitaire and listening to bright eyes 
"just deleted about thirty \questions\"" from my formspring  hahah"""
"named her laptop monticello  thank you, <propfemale> rayanne detemple  and thank you, mom, for the great graduation present!"
loves <propmale> smith for creating music that can calm her  love 
will never let your heart go where mine has been 
"has somebody in her contacts listed as \gross\"" and can't remember who it is   """
loves blasting music in cars with the windows rolled down  i'm kind of surprised <propfemale> and i still know all the lyrics to pizza day 
doesn't know what she's going to do without <propfirst> come august  sad 
is jumping from emotion to emotion 
is really excited for tonight!!  smile 
can tell this summer is going to be awesome  smile 
[when you go all i know is you're my favorite mistake]
"ooh, it feels good to be free"
is not a fan of the constant nightmares she keeps having  annoyed 
loves singing extremely loud when nobody else is home  smile 
"like this status\and i'll confess what i thought about you when i first met you  post it\as your status and take the challenge too "
has been playing solitaire wayyyy too much recently  i closed my eyes last night and saw cards moving around 
just discovered how nice to look at <propfirst> watson is    whooo! i didn't even know <propfemale> watson had a brother 
probably shouldn't weedwhack with closed eyes   
"is on the phone with her number-one, <propfemale> rayanne detemple  smile "
has been rather productive today! now for the rest of the day    i'm finally getting a hair cut (for the first time since december!) and having a sleepover with <propfemale> hawley  laugh  super stoked!
"finds it kind of funny how it's raining in la when i get here, but <propfemale> in seattle "
"misses her hair already    oh well, it grows back "
is going to <propfemale> out at the beach today with her favorite brother  smile  i love huntington beach so much  love  but i miss my mommy!
"woke up to the smell of coffee, sun shining through the window, and a strong urge to read <propmale> potter  smile "
has had a night of jimi hendrix and pink <propmale>    <propmale> marley next? not sure yet  leaving my aunt <propfemale>'s house tomorrow morning at five   
"is fuming  never again will i entertain a friendship with someone who makes me feel like shit  i am not a liar and i have never pretended to be perfect  if you think i am fake or a liar or whatever, delete me now  for the first time in my life, i have realized you are not worth my time  i deserve that much "
is home  may the adventures begin   
"had a fantastic time with <propfirst> olson today, and is about to continue the awesomeness with her other half, berlyn <propfirst>  kimberlyn reunites!!  smile "
"-poke me if you ever had a crush on me  \-like this status if you think i'm a good friend  \-message me if you ever wanted to date me  \-comment if we ever had good memories together \    now copy and paste this as your status"
is super nervousss  annoyed 
"made a little cash at the garage sale, had a good time with <propfemale> afterward, and is super excited to see the radfords and my sisterforlife jetke tomorrow  smile  all bad stuff = ignored  love "
just got ran over by a train of thought 
"is so irritated right now  ugh  oh well, i loved seeing <propfemale> and <propfemale> today, anyway "
is laughing because her mom just picked up the tv remote to make a phone call 
is going to the library!  laugh  and later    a themed wedding for one of my cousins!
hears your silence loud and clear 
"read something she thought was disgustingly annoying, went to pretend to gag herself, and then actually threw up in her mouth  lovely   "
is feeling about 42 different emotions right now 
"loves her dorm, her class schedule, the vegetarian options in every dining hall, and the amazing people she's already met at summerstart  so    i'm pretty excited for western  smile "
"is realizing today that college is going to drastically improve my life (beyond just getting a great education)  i'm going to make new friends and hopefully develop meaningful friendships with a lot of new people  thank you, fresh starts and new beginnings "
hopes the next boy that you kiss has something terribly contagious on his lips 
"is feeling overwhelmed and extremely emotional  dang, you'd thing i was a girl or something   "
"knows time was worthless, but i tried  we started over and over again, as we let go  held each other, held hands, held standards and grudges     and i tried so hard, and i've done my part, and not to mention most of all of yours  try and feel, try and listen, try and think of what you're missing, try to look into my eyes  try "
is listening to mugglecast for the first time since the seventh book came out    wow 
is stoked to see inception and catch up tonight  smile 
wishes you could punch somebody over facebook 
is concentrating on falling apart 
loves berlyn <propfirst> for putting up with her need to dance to pink while making pancakes 
"met a girl, snowball in hell "
would like to thank rogue wave for cheering her up  smile 
wishes she could have a pet fox 
"will take your pictures all down  every picture you paint, i will paint myself out  it's cold as a tomb and it's dark in your room when i sneak to your bed to pour salt on your wounds  so call it quits or get a grip  you say you wanted a solution, you just wanted to be missed "
has seen more spine in jellyfish  i've seen more guts in 11-year-old kids 
just seriously considered creating a twitter account just to follow lord voldemort  decided not to  think i'll go watch the fox and the hound   
"gets knocked down, but i get back up again  you're never gonna keep me down "
"[love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you ]"
thinks now is a good time to look after herself for once  smile 
loves listening to a certain <propfemale> <propfirst> song when annoyed with people     smile 
"loves dancing in the rain, singing in the shower, and smelling good "
is watching the new season of top model with her mommy  love 
is scared because there's only one of you 
is better than good enough 
is on the road to wwu in five minutes  woot!
"is going to the inn university ministry with the best roomie ever, <propfemale> wren  smile "
is e playful loring bellingham with some wonderful friends today  smile 
"\it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live \"" - albus dumbledore"""
"really loves making playlists and mix cds  and writing  and relaxing, smiling, and honeydew filtered water "
is going to go study with <propfemale> baba and <propfirst> manzoni  wooooo 
had a great time at the sounders game with <propfirst> murgittroyd last night and was blown away by astronomy class today  wooo 
likes it on her chair 
is impossible to forget but hard to remember 
just found a list of songs and bands i told myself to look into in eighth and ninth grade in one of my notebooks  and i don't have half of it! this is going to be fun  smile 
"is enough, and so are you "
"is starting to get really stressed out about the upcoming astronomy exam    studying in the vu with miss <propfirst> manzoni and drinking some coffee will help, right?"
has seriously never studied this long and much before  ever  just took a five minute break    now back to the fun 
"had another fun outing with the girls  smile  happy birthday, d <propfemale> abbott  love "
"would rather die than let you chew upon my energy  i know you're no friend to me  after all you've done, i'm free  and i can finally see i'd rather die than let you ever get away with this  you are my antithesis, narcissist, this kiss could be upon my own lips "
just rearranged the room with <propfemale> wren! i love it  so much to do today but i'm so sleeeeepy!
really really misses a few people  sad 
"just ate a delicious burgled pretzel from the master, br?nna <propfemale> durnin "
"[you say that you want respect  well, then you'd better get some for yourself  'cause all that i see right now is someone who's lost and insecure ]"
just started laughing a lot in my room because someone is laughing hysterically outside  heheeeheehehe  hahahahah! ha! hahahah!
in omnia paratus  love 
said good day sir!
can only read so much out of a text book at a time    man 
loves movie nights with <propfemale> baba and <propfirst> manzoni  love  little miss sunshine is first!
r i p <propfemale> and <propfirst> potter who were killed by lord voldermort on october 31st 1981
[love is fragile and we're not always its best caretakers  even the best of us make mistakes; we just muddle through and do the best we can to hope this fragile thing survives by all odds]
has discovered that her favorite college breakfast is coffee and cinnamon applesauce  but now i'm out of applesauce   
loves d <propfemale> abbott  she is the best hallmate evarrr 
"kim: the little kid inside of me is saying that it's not fair \\br?nna: lil' kim?\kim: yes, the black rapper inside of me \karissa: we all have a black rapper inside of us  mine is lil' <propmale> "
insomnia 2 <propfirst> 0
really really loves dancing around her room when nobody is here  smile 
hates the sinking feeling in her stomach    good thing her best friend is visiting tomorrow to make it all go away!
"\i'm pretty sure you're not going to like me after this \"" - <propfemale> wren"""
is so happy  i love <propfemale> radford!!
<propfirst> manzoni loves <propfirst>  she's a great person and i love her a lot  love <propfirst> 
"has so much to say but whenever the time comes to say it, i'm silent "
spoke the words but never gave a thought to what they all could mean 
was super stressed about the upcoming math test today until i just calculated everything  i can fail this test and still have a 93 percent in tests  stress level = decreased 
is the only girl left on my floor  weird   
is suddenly really full of energy! dancing around my dorm room    first it was daft punk  now it's <propfemale> spears 
there's nothing else quite like a night of pumpkin pie and mugglecast 
"\o' children\"" by <propmale> cave kind of makes me want to cry  oh my goodness """
"berlyn updated the blog! read it    please    we would thoroughly enjoy it if you did   \http annoyed  confessionsofanawkwardgirl blogspot com 2010 11 i-miss-you html"
"wants the book \i hate everything \"" i think i could have written it """
"too    many    court cases    so tired    on the plus side, i had a fun night of cookie decorating, podcasts, and cuddly kittens at small groups, followed by gilmore girls with friends and birthday wishes for br?nna <propfemale> durnin "
"this sounds fun  send me a number in my inbox, and i will write on my status what i really think about you, without anyone knowing who i'm talking about "
50: so i've known who you were since freshman year but never really talked to you until senior year  you sat right across from me and i basically made it my goal to put you in a good mood every day  remember when i made you a list of all the things i liked about you? i meant them all  you're a super chill guy and i love it when you're happy  i'm glad we got to know each other last year and <propfemale> out over the summer  smile 
"34: oh my goodness  you make me smile so much  i love texting you every day  i love it when you suggest music for me to listen to  i love how you can give me reality checks  wink  your hugs are awesome  you're so freaking adorable  you make me really nervous  i appreciate you so much and i want you to be truly happy, no matter what it takes  i'm so glad we've gotten to know each other  smile "
767676: you make me giggle pretty often  you're extremely intelligent and that's refreshing  i love that you make someone who's extremely important to me very happy! you're such a unique person and i think you are rather cool  heh 
"657545367: what to say? you're hilarious  your sense of humor is so unique and kind of awfully hysterical  hahah  to be honest, i really could not stand you when you were a freshman  you made me so angry hahah  also, your late night (possibly drunken?) texts this summer always made me laugh (except for when you seemed kinda sad)  i hope i get to see you sometime this summer!  smile "
"9001: i'm so happy i got to know you last year! your stance on geeks vs nerds vs dorks was pretty great  i really like talking to you because i find you extremely interesting  the few times we saw each other outside of school were special to me, especially the last group hangout before college started! i hope you liked the letter i wrote you a few weeks ago and i hope you're doing well "
"007: i could write an essay on what i think about you! i love how close we got last year  you're the only person i know who would drop what you're doing in the middle of the night to come lay with me til i was ready to sleep just because i was sad  i care about you so much  your caring, funny, unique personality is just part of the reason you're one of my best friends  you're truly a fantastic person  love you "
"2: you are honestly one of the most caring people i've ever met  when you are happy, i'm happy  i wish you would realize what a great person you are  you always cheered me up last year and being around you always lifts my spirits  gahhh you're so great and i feel blessed to have met you "
"1: i luff yew  you were constantly making me laugh whenever i was around you  i miss you so much! you're so awesome and funny and fantastic  our plans for living together were (though slightly inappropriate) something i would actually love  you're going to do great things with your life; i know it  you're one of a kind, and that's definitely a good thing  wink "
"1964: we haven't really talked in a long time, but we have a lot of memories from when we were younger  girl scouts? heck yes  i miss that sometimes  you're really pretty and quiet (but not too quiet!) and i appreciate that you're a fellow bookworm "
"17: you mean the world to me  i can talk to you about everything you understand me better than anyone & sometimes i hate (but usually love) it  i'll never be able to thank you enough for all you've done for me  i'll always be here for you  i feel bad for all the times i yelled & pushed you away  you're smart,fun, and    there are no words to e playful lain it all  you're a permanent part of my life, i hope you know that  playful "
"719: hahh you are extremely attractive  playful  since the beginning of <propmale> year, i've always wanted to get to know you because you seemed like such an awesome guy (and you are!) i wish we had gotten the <propmale> to <propfemale> out because i think you're really fun to be around  you're pretty darrrrrnn cool  wink "
"17043: i miss youuuuu!!! oh my goodness, we got so close so fast  i really really love you like a sister (because we totally are sisters now!) and i loved how you would always analyze my boy frustration last year  playful  you're so amazing and silly and    goatssss  love  hahaha baby come back!"
21: your laughter is contagious  smile  i enjoyed the years of soccer with you and i'm happy that it seems you're doing great with school and helping at the school and such 
"1985: you're extremely beautiful, talented, intelligent, and more  i've always been jealous of you  playful  but not in a creepy way  you've been such a good friend to me and i've never been afraid of being myself around you  i have so, so much fun every time we <propfemale> out  you're an amazing young woman and i appreciate everything about you  i miss and love you so much  love "
"666: oh, you would  my number one, i miss you so so so so much  i miss talking all the time  we're basically twins  i miss discussing <propmale> potter, gilmore girls, and gamma <propfirst> bursts with you  you're so freaking cute and witty and gahhh i love you  please come to college with me next year?"
"118: i think you know how much you mean to me  at least i hope so  we've been to hell and back with each other and have seen each other grow into the strong people we are now  you're beautiful, driven, thoughtful, silly, intelligent, and an amazing friend  i love seeing you happy  i can't think of a more deserving person than you, honestly  your friendship is so important to me  hope to see you soon  love "
got up at 8 to finish packing and cleaning    then realized i can't do anything in the dark  haha 
"blasting music, singing at the top of my lungs, and dancing all spastic    that's what i'm talking about!"
is so excited to see <propfirst> today for the first time in four months  i've missed him so much!
is all smiles right now 
i am in love with myself
loves it when her room smells like apples 
"\if only i had the strength you'd be completely accepting something else \"""""
"\i don't understand you people \""\",1504eeef5f2733e555c0267be3eb2c32,"\i caught you lying to yourself  now everything is spinning around and around  well i'm a fool to watch but never say    are you bothered by the choice you made?\"""""
"\and there is nothing worse in the world than thinking you have a <propmale> when you really don't \"""""
is so excited because her mom and brother are visiting for the first time!  smile 
that workout video really kicked my bum 
"\some women don't know a good thing when they got it  they don't know they got the whole world right in front of their nose  there  that's it  not another word from me \"""""
"loves <propfirst> <propmale>  also, she needs to go to bed "
"oh hello, uneasy sinking feeling in my stomach    i haven't really missed you "
"totes bout to go cra cra for the new <propfemale>  obvi, savanah <propfirst>   "
apparently the punishment for shooting br?nna <propfemale> durnin in the face with my nerf gun is getting tickled    do not like 
i love <propfirst> hurlbut
let's read fairytales and never sleep 
"\college made you smarter  we'll make you hotter  summer weight loss camp  register today!\"" best side ad i've seen on facebook? i think so """
"if i could eliminate one emotion, it would be confusion "
i'm thinking today is a good day to walk to the park to play on the swings and write under a tree 
"everybody who was a part of once upon a mattress, fantastic job! you are all so talented and it was a great show "
"kim: \i'm just sitting here holding back laughter and nothing is funny \""\",1504eeef5f2733e555c0267be3eb2c32,"just saw my final grades and am very, very pleased  also, ocean shores was fabulous "
has grown to really dislike airports  sad 
gets to see berlyn <propfirst> today!  smile 
too many emotions  gahhawehfaisfsoidfjasdklfjaskldfgaig  yup 
"wish me determination, not luck "
"\just let me run where i want to run  just let me love who i want \"""""
