1bffbb8fa2272ed01940a4bc13d0a09b
blargs     i need to find a cheshire cat puzzle
guys are tards i swear     some times i wonder why i even bother with them     
lalala six years is nuthin! pshh
14 days till im 18! yay! hanging out with an old friend today! its moie marathon day!!!
im having a movie marathon and i invited a friend      but he and i have a past so it shall be interesting
boga boga booooo!!! blargz
blargs    cuz of my sister i now have a family counseler comming once a week for 12 weeks       boo!!!
i hate being single let alone getting dumped three days befor the holidays       eff!!!
i feel like cutting my losses and cutting loose!!! whoooooo!! (even though it sux)
rwawr    going to see the new chipmunk movie today with my dad and his lady and my ex's lil'sister           boo!
at my daddys for the night   or 2     leaving face book running so i can chats with you!! *<propfemale> and katlin are stalkers!!!! luv u 2*
some one asked me today if i was in pain          well i was for a little while    but im not any more    aint that funny
lalalala       i think im very happy right now    
dont you just love waking up to the sound of 4 kids running and screaming    lol    i didnt think so   
going to chuky cheese then kings wok
going home tonight     call my home 3606981354
whooo for the new year!!
rwar omg i dont know wat to do!!!
blah blah blah!! in one ear and right out the other!! i need a lifez too!!
i hate being here! i cant take living in this house anymore i want to move out asap i dont think i can stay with them any more i cant have one friend stop by without steffani getting me in trouble   please  i cant deal with this any more!!
rwar     idk what i want to do anymore     eff
omg    today has been one hell of a day ill give it that  anyone else feel tottaly run down or is it just me???
wow even after all the drama has gone down i still hear the same things from diff  people     some being people i cant trust and some that i should trust   idk wat to do or say anymore    eff
sometimes i hate my life      no one understands what im going threw   eff!
rwawr i want to go to sleep but then again i dont   ahh! what to do what to do
<propfirst> call me you but head!!!   hehe love you
"<propfirst> some times yur a real pain in the ass and people keep askin me why i put up with you, i meen you cant even call when you said you would   did you forget?? or do you just not want to talk to me?? this is night 2 of saying youd call and not doing it    well im very tired so ima go to bed soon        annoyed "
im begining to hate men!!!
i is very happy cammper!! yayayayayayayayay!!
"hahahaha! today was a good day as was last night      im happy as can be baby!!! going on a day hike tomarrow morning then to the drive in for \tooth fairy\"" and \""how to train your dragon\""   woot woot!  love """
going to the loympic nat  park today to do some hiking    gunna take tons of pics and post them when i get home some time!! rwawr i love the out doors!!  love   love   love   love 
just got back from an awsome hike    even though i was a big baby bout it      almost to the top there is 2 logs you have to crawl over   i was so scared i cried    wth!!! im a baby! but it was fun none the less!!! whooo now its drive in time babeh!! hahahahahahaha!
"heading to the drive in to see \ how to traine your dragon\"" and \""the tooth fairy\"" prolly wont be on again tonight!! peace!"""
both movies were amazing! i recomend seeing them both!! bed times!!
going to spend tomarrow at home then going to abberdene ( spelling is off i know) and hiking for a few days then maybe shooting if i can friday!
going hiking and camping till friday or saturday!
twhen dose one really get to learn to be an adult and make their own choices?? when the get a car? when they have a job? or is it when they move out? cuz honestly i dont get to make any choices in my life    where i go   weather or no ti want to continue school   who i see and <propfemale> out with    even what carreere i want    none of it is up to me   prolly wont be untill im 26   no? am i wrong?
"home, if only for a moment, going camping in the olypmics at elwa   ya for the out doors!"
question? why is it that there are those few that everyone gets mad at for something thir friends did or said?? i've gotten that alot l8tly    
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy  2: i'd date you  3:talkative  4: sarcastic  5 annoyed oveable  6: partier  7: moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy  11:random  12: hot  13: funny  14:amazing  15: beautiful  16: cute  17: smart
"happy easter everyone! i'm heading up to the olympic national <propmale> to do some hiking! there are mt lions       here <propfemale> <propfemale> ; )         and bears        but alas, there are no tigers  so, if you don't hear from me or a week, send help to the elwa river area           or soy sauce and egg noodles ; ) (i copied my dad)"
"just got home from the hot spring hike yesterday, eff that took alot outa me   3miles to them and 3miles back    my poor hiking boots are soaked, but all in all it was awsome, even snowed on us!! whoo for like 2ft of snow"
hahahaha now that is funny but oh well   hehe going shooting today in belfaire with my dad and maybe older sister  if she comes home on time   whoo i love you!
oh the days get longer and the year gets shorter but has anyone seen where my mind has rann off to  i cant finds it   muahahahahaha *caough* hahaha   aww dang
"my name is <propmale>!! \let the wild rumpis begin!!\""    buhahaha i love stage craft   play for the little kids is \""where the wild things are\"" encorperating the book and parts of the movie!! yay!   fun fun but id rather be the dog lol that was fun"""
all right guys and gals i need to conferm who is my friend and who isnt!! three ppl may have ruined my trust for good    let me know plz   thanx
trying to get an pri
trying to get a price estimate for a few tattoos hopefully will get them by the end of next week   maybe
hahaha! got my hunting licences today for small game and elk an deer   woot!
"life is craxy, like \ the hills\"" crazy    efff!! im not sure if im making the right choice    but we'll see tomarrow wont we     """
missing him    lol had a lazy day today woohoo wached syfy all day
working on the boat with dad    gunna be nice and <propfemale> today!!! whoo!!!
some times i wonder if my family just thinks i dont care    my grama died 2 years ago and im just finding out today   so very very wrong   
"hiked today and got some sun    ill prolly regret that tomarrow     and im reading a book called \feed\""   so far i love it  """
"omg     babysit today   nothing tomarrow, pool hall friday (so excited for that)  and babysitting saturday lols"
dont you tell me how to live my life    its mine to deal with
i dont get why people seem to think you cant live day by day when so many already do     stop telling me i cant cuz i will
hehehe im so giddy but thats ur fault
cant waite to see you again   gettin crap from dad and his friends though     miss you!!
heading to mnt snt helens!!
i have a cell now so if you want my numba let me know!!!! miss you babe!
rwar! today is a goddish day so far    just wish that the navy recruters wernt such fucktards     but wat ev   cell phone wont stop going off lololol
this weekend had to be one of the best ive everr had     i dont think i slept this well in years
i dont want to wake up    uuuhg     can i just rewind to the begining of july???
today should be awsome! food friends and fun!! that and movies like no other!! yay!! slumberparty!!
miss my bf my friends and my family        boo summer!!
i realized while on my 3 hour walk    that i miss my freinds lot more than i thought    and that i miss my familia in arkansas alot too!!
another 3 hour walk then i get to relax for a little while before working out for another hour with <propfirst> lol hopefully he can keep up this time =p
missin you ;p and just got done needle pointing a desing into a pair of my pants   it took 3 4 hours to do     
had a blast tonight    cant waite till 2marrow! if anybody wants to hangout let me know!  love 
today was fun got to spend time with <propfemale> and go swiming for the first time this summer lol and got to chill with the bf for a bit     yay for friends that invite me to things ;p
going to the d derby hellz yeah ;p
never thought you could play foot ball with cars    lmao the derby was awsome    now its sleepy time    in like 4 hours    hooray for puting kids to bed lol
enjoying the sunshine with the boys    such dorks lol
life     is life      uhg        im in that wants to kill all mood       great     
hehehehehehehehe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hahahahahahaha im so happy!!!!!!      just so yall know       i chopped all my hair off        no joke      
wow today was a good day     had fun    got to spend time with 2 of my fave boys!!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its      so     hot      eff      efff                !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hahahahahahahahahahaha               that was the best email ive ever gotten    robin <propfemale> you need to see this hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
today is a good day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hahahahaha        yay for working    but boo for working at the same time    
didnt get to go to seattle but its cool spending the day with my boys!!! and tomarrow is the same     and damn you <propfemale> for having seattle paranormal come to the house without me                  sad 
thinks its funny that few to none of my so called friends ever talk to me    well least i know who my real friends are    mostly     had a good day start work this weekend woot!!
awsome first day of work    i adjusted quik lolz     but i hate dishes    but its work and its acctualy fun!
day 2 of work and im still standing yay me! work till 1 tomarrow then going to the boys house for some tlc yay!
was off today and off tomarrow going with my bf to his interview at the tattoo shop!!! yay!!
works been awsome they ppl i work with are fun and kinda demented but in an entertaining way     yay!
works still opkay   have alot to do tomarrow   and my bf is still awsome!!! cant waite till november 1st    !!! yayyayayayayayay!!!!!!!!!!!!
im     so     bored             nothing to do      ahhh! im going stir crazy here!!!!!!!!!!!
at robins chillin wif her a matts!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
man   i always wake up to early
work sux bleh         rwar
working tonite     5pm to 11 uhg    hope its not likt last nite
snow   snow   snow! yay its snowing hope i dose tomarrow i want snow on my bday hehehehehe yay snow!!!!!!!!
i hope this day gets better            if not           well its not gunna be pritty
today should be intresting prolly gunna sit on my ass <propmale> day whoohoo               
drinking never fixed anything but at this point i just want to be numb           
i could fucking die right now i feel like my whole life has come crashing down the one guy i thought i would spend my life with left me because i was concerned     fuck
boose my bestes friend gunna drink till i think i can feel emotion again       
"mmmmmm vodka, burns so good"
i feel fantabulas havin so much fun hehehe yay thank you doll u know who u are
yeah yeah! no work no work hehehehehehehehehehe gunna chillunless i get called in hehe! yay for me and friends time
hope to get another tattoo in the next few days yay!
damn it <propfirst> text back u butmunch!! sheesh
text me 360-286-8157 sobored buhahahahahaha
two guys that are sweetand i like but the hardest thing to do is choose between them       im confuseded
i did it! i got my belly peirced!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol the work nite is over finaly! and gunna chill whith my hommies lol
spreding rumers and telling lies is all youve ever been good at  aids now thats a good one! trying to tell my bestie shit like that wont fly    your a manwhore    and u know it so accept it    bitch
wherea the popcorn when i need it! your falling fast and i has no popcorn damn!
ahhhhh! workin till midnite whoo   not      
ahh im waching pationtly for you to screw up   im like an animalwaiting to attak   its only a matter of time till u make a mistake     
life is intresting      fuck it ima has fun!
fuck your games you want to know who i really am? im a cold heartless bitch that will shred you     come on i dare you!
rwar! todays gunna be nice and relaxed     i hope lol movie day!
fuck my life! can this get any fucking worse!!
nothing ill ever say or do will ever ba as good as loving you         
spent my nite at the movies with and awsome person thanks for going with me! the fighter was awsome btw!
one of the best days ever
im feeling like fuge and my boytoy today    hmmmmm who to call
i have a heart i sweari do just not baby when it comes to you     hahahaha
bah humbug     i hate holiday time        
"my new two faves songs are \canible\"" and \""blow\"" by ke$ha"""
i get one more message about this shit ill show u what a heartless bitch i can fucking be u stupid whinny little bitch!
has a bf
hmmm       very intresting        very very intresting
tonite should be hella fun woot woot! party time    ish!!!
you act like such a bad ass when in reality your a worthless piece of shit that gets his jollys off by starting shit with people
let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word    then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    
"\i dont like meat in my fudge tar!!\""        best     line     ever!!!!!!!!"""
hooray for not staying the nite at my bfs only twice in the last week n a half lmao!!
"ahh i hate snow ima stay curled up in bed all day, even tho its not mine hehe"
today seems like a lazy lay in bed all day n wach movies day      hehehe still not in my own bed
life is so confusing       lol and still not in my own bed hehe
<propmale>y <propmale>!!!! i misssss you!!!!! and ur a but head!!!!
prolly end up going to skateland tonight should be fun lol
nite to fb!! and still not in my own bed hehe
woke up in someone elses bed and i dont think i wanna go back to mine lol
yay!! gunna see the green hornet to nite at poulsbo at 950 gunna be awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cant figur out wat to do today after cleaning all day bleh but at least his room is clean now lol
fml            idk why im depresed     this sux
on the up side i got plants vs zombies for my ds yay!!
went to seattle lastnight had lots of fun lol and still not in my own bed
"do any of us really know everybody on our friends list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours"
all out poke war!!!!!
drunk guys are funny haha!!
dont know what im going to do today                    
every body keeps telling me to forgive and forget    wat if i want to be angry and hold a grudge and meke their lives hell?
hehehehe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh tired and gunna clean today haha
"my bf cant even use a carpet cleaner right, so sad lmao but hes learning! yay"
"1st person to like my status - you can dare me to do one thing\2nd person to like my status - i'll write i love you on your wall\3rd person to like my status - i will answer three questions you ask \put this as your status    if your brave (;"
one of the best nites ever invented lol pizza and porn nites hahahahahaha!!!!!!
omg <propfemale> rage is awsome hahahaha yall have to try it makes thing look so kool!!!
prolly gunna go find some ghosties today at maresa castle in port townsand
staring shit isnt very nice young lady       i may have to hurt you
"going to the cemitary tonite hehehehe, was in kirkland for a few hours yay rain   not     and  i has ubber long nails now haha  i feel girly"
im in one of those moods      the onhere aything bad will set me off    oh joy  annoyed 
rwar!!!  love  my bf is awsome hehe
yay!!! gunna get all cafined up and play video games buhahaha whoo!!!!
i like how people i havnt seen or herd from in 6 years or more find me on fb lolz!! like people from elemetary school that moved away weird lol
ahhk idk why im so wide awake lol
uhg havnt slept yet lol hahahaha          o now im tired boooo!
ack! i need more cafines kasfvlaieufvb!!
yay!!! im so exited i gots a interveiw finaly!!! woo hoo yay for coldstone haha
rwar   uhg      tired   but so exited!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up   smile "
i didnt get the job at cold stone     poop     maybe ill get my tattoo apprentace ship    i hope!!!!!!!!!!!!
my contacts make me look like an alien lmao
"haha i am statring to sleep as much as my bf now lol         good morning!! well, afternoon"
f        m       l           
<propfemale>  love  and grape  love 
hehehehehe fun day with my besties!!  love 
hacked by bri!!!!! muaahahahhahahaha!
omg i got my hair done today!!! reds black and coppers!!! whoo hoo new hair do y
rwar rwar rwar!!!! adding more color to my hair soon needs a little more red      lol
adding more red to my haire soon and going to the tattoo shop tomarrow
just got accepted to college for massage therapy whooooo!
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think      !!"
wow cant belive i woke up 30mins ago lmao im sarting to sleep to much
uhg im so effing tired
rwar rwar rwar rwar!!!!!  love   love   love   love   love 
<propfemale> fuck japan didnt stand a <propmale>!!!!!! that effing sux!!
