b7ec20bace9388b33294936ff598d707
"attempted to sign-up for a $7 game of scrabble online, was told it was no longer available after signing-up, and then was charged $77 more dollars to 'cancel' my subscription  wtf?  wild tangent orb is fraud!"
just got back from my first practice with the metro blades   great skate - can't wait to meet the team!
enjoyed spending yesterday afternoon with an old friend at her new house!
just a reminder - the cold isn't all bad!
had fun at our hockey game last night and is bummed i'm going to miss the next three games   go blades!
has decided to only shop bath & body works online   i just can't keep up with the sales staff's need for constant reassurance that i am finding everything alright!
"is driving from durango to grand junction, co   and hoping to get there before the 6-12\ of snowfall   i wonder if weather forcasts in colorado are as accurate as in michigan?"""
"grand junction to <propmale>, co with barely a snowflake   i guess that answers my question!"
is on my way home starting tomorrow - at least i'll make it to nebraska 
is a third of the way home - just 830 more <propmale> to go!
   two more days until a much needed x-mas vacation!
on my way to wisconsin for the holiday   i hope everyone has a very <propfemale> christmas!
i licked a homeless guy in my car because big bird said to and he's my leader 
would somebody please take the keys from <propmale> and <propmale> so that i can enjoy what's left of my weekend!?!?!
good news everyone - <propfirst> and i are having a baby!!!!
just thinking about summer days     
enjoyed the first week at my new job - i just have to remember there are spark plugs on these engines!
"better luck next year, bucky!"
i felt the little guy move on both sides of my belly - at the same time!  he's getting bigger!!
hey!    a certain norwegian hockey player hijacked my fb <propfemale>!!!
after watching the norge in the olympics - i think he could have made the team!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!  mom and baby boy are feeling good - birthday sweets really get him zinging around in there!
i picked up my new car last night!  on the way home i used the voice activated nav and sync to look up the pizza hut near my house and dial the number to place an order   i picked up my pizza with zero wait - very cool!
"our dog, bosco, died suddenly this morning after 8 years of being the best dog and companion we could have hoped for   we are very sad, our family will not be the same without her "
"thanks everyone for your kind words   it was a sad end, but we are also glad that we had bosco as part of our lives for so many years "
is very happy to have good friends who were able to come out today to celebrate my baby boy - thank you all for a very special day!
i dropped <propmale> off for his first day of childcare an hour ago    now i'm just trying to wait until 5pm to pick him up!
"hooray   after 7 days (and long nights) with the flu, <propmale> is finally eating and playing again!"
yeah!  i'm looking forward to skating again on sunday   go tornados!
