f1119605c5c30844053c50ca63ee397d
school is boring!!!!! i have a sports and entertanment marketing class omg that is so easy to play games in there
comment on photos  pleez
had the worst day ever  some <propfirst> @$$ ran my dog over and we had to put her to sleep 
comment on my photos
comment on my pictures  i need some baddly 
comment on my pictures 
comment on my pictures
has to go march in the parade to day  fun! (sigh)
comment on my pictures  plz!!!!!!
has a head ach
is tired  comment on my photo's
is not ready for morning pratice on our field show this friday  <propmale> eagles!!!
yah we have morning practice in the morning for our feild show (sigh) we playing jaws into <propmale> then mission impossible and 1 more i think but i cant remember  it is awsome
idk what to do she makes me so aggrivated she needs to make her mind up and keep it there and not have 2nd thoughts 
omg she is a muther ducker  i hate her she was just playing me  i will never talk to her again  i hope she sees this be4 i delete her from my life  hates bitches 
about to go to bed have to wake up at 10 to work carmal apple stand  bore
"\no you dont no what it's like-when nothing feels alright-you dont no what its like to be me-to be hurt-to be lost-to be left out in the dark-to be kicked when your down-to feel like you've been pushed around-to be on the edge of breaking down-when no ones there to save you-no you dont no what its like- welcome to my life \""   welcome to my life """
cant wait till friday!!!!! homecoming!!!!  we be playing drexel(whoever the hell that iz) and last game we were on tv  but we lost  but we will get them next time 
just found a very cute baby <propfemale> in our yard 
so tired!!!! had homecoming dance friday nite after the game against drexel  and ya we beat them 
when i grow up i want to be a penguin mwahahahahaha
it iss my happy happy birthday!!!! yahhhhh!!!!! i is 15!!!!  smile 
just had districst and they took for ever!!!! but the trumpet part me and <propmale> did waz amazing!!!
is playing iorn man volly ball tonight             we gonna kick some senior butt
my imaginary friend thinks you have problems
last day of school tomoro  smile 
here comes christmas
happy christmas and a <propfemale> new year!!!!!!!!
have fun tessla
happy christmas and a <propfemale> new year
happy christmas and a <propfemale> new year!!!!!  smile 
is back from kansas city had fun it da city             happy new years  smile 
avatar was the best movie to end the year 09 with
is now a hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobic                   can you tell me what that means is the question    
starting to be confused by math       wats the point in finding the linear system by graphing?
got a 1 on trumpet trio  smile  but a 2 on solo  sad 
"is home from the best concert ever             lee and walmack, <propfemale>, and <propfirst> straight had the best concert ever            then i got to spend the time with tiff and <propfemale>  smile "
peace out suck-a
people of farm town              send me hens or geese please!!!!!
peace out suck-a
day 1 of track: it *ucking sucks im already sore and it was a 45 <propfemale> practice
districst tomoro very nervous and hopin we get a one
today was awesome                  we got a 1 on our trumpet trio witch means that we get to go to state!!!!!!  smile )
"so freshman year is amazing i love it: i went to all districs, got a 1 at neo and districs, i get to go to state as a fresh man, got first on our sci fair project, and is the only freshman to letter this year  smile )))))"
is tired we ran the city corse (2 5miles) today and i ran it in 13 <propfemale> 35 sec
is not ready for school im soooo tired
is thinking about going to sleep but then  i will dream and once again evil gnomes will be after me and the will eat my intestines            so if u dont c me monday u no what happened lolzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz nite
drummajor practice tomoro at 7 in da morning and hopefully i make it  smile 
is tired of being the mediator in all the drama ive had it if one more person causes drama i will go bazerk on them              mwahahahaha!!!
is so sad miss medlin is changing schools and she is going to libral witch means we get a new teacher and if they r going to come in and try to change everything i will change that
wonders if zebras r black with white stripes or white with black stripes??? the voices in my head were just arguing bout it   i need to shut them up!!
????????? ????€ ????€??
just saw his best friend <propfemale> bausinger
is nervous because he has drum <propmale> tryouts tonite after school
guess what i did awesome at drum <propmale> tryouts so awesome i made it  smile )))))))))
comment on my new pics         especialy the rings idk what to get
worlds of fun tomoro   we have to march and play (at the same time) to go big j i belive
any one on myspace ad my new profile im going to delete the old one
omfg this week has gone by so slow             ugh        less then 20 days of school left tho  smile 
is so excited for tomoro we leave for state at 10  smile 
"today: we leave for state, go gocarting, and sleepin our hotel room tomoro: we play our music at state, drive 4 hours back, get ready for prom, prom!!"
so i officaly hate history          how am i suppose to have a radio sho with an interview of <propfemale> st  <propmale> millay(poet) and <propfemale> wills(btw it was spelled wrong in the book so i spent 3 days trying to figure out who she was) and have a commercial about refrigerators                i mean really!!!!!!
so in like 14 1 2 days school is out then everything changes 1) new principle 2) teachers may get changed around 3) miss medlin is leaving 4) all the seniors are leaving either next year is going to be amazingly awesome or it will suck majorly
"am omfg so i am watching the shining and you would never guess what came on (only people in band would recognize it)            in the mood was playing and it was awesome         cause i was doing homework and i heard it and said \i got to post this on facebook!\""              lolz im such a band geek"""
doesnt feel like getting up in the morning just to go to a track meet and sit there and do nuthing! its actually kinda dum
tut tut smells like rain
so today it is raining when i wake up        today is our concert           and today is the day we say good bye to the seniors  crying 
so in a couple hours we are going to be singing and playing        but on the other hand we will be singing and playing with the seniors for the last time  crying 
so tonight our concert was good     our trio was great       and i got to award one for cunducting the 6th grade              and i am now on a plaque for most enthusiastic
so this is the last monday of my freshman carreer                about time  smile 
1 1 2 days left                   yaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh            then drivers <propmale> with hummle              crying  if i dont survive its ok          i will still haunt you              booooooo
hey  hey  hey            guess what                        only 1 2 day left of school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yahhhh                 medlin made me tear up today  crying 
i am finaly i sophmore  smile 
"band: play it loud, play it proud"
"band: play it loud, play it proud"
"just <propmale> out with of my best friends, <propfemale>, hatti, and <propfemale>   love  yall"
stupid rain made us get out of the pool !!!!!!!!!!!! ughhhhhhhhhh
so tomoro i get to start drivers ed      with hummel      sad  and my awesome aunt is coming over tonite  smile 
im board i finish<propmale> my drivers <propmale> homework and now i am watching ghost hunters              i need sumthing to do
): o? ???? ? ?nq o? o? ?u?? ?uop ? pu? o?o?o? p? s?????p???pl?o? dn s???
good night world!!!!! i got drivers <propmale> in the morning     again!!!  indecision 
got to go to bed        going to tulsa tomoro to see the fishies     aquarium        and its gonna be awesome         last time i was at an aquarium a freaking shark was starring at me!!!!
so the aquarium was awesome   the sharks have f-ing huge teeth      they were freeking me out
tut tut smells like rain
im going to b<propmale>        drivers <propmale> in the moring again
is ready for drivers <propmale> to be over  <propmale> with my friend all day       lol
"this sounds fun!! :how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you    i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get   this might just be interesting"
omfg it is 100 degrees out      i think i will go swimm
poke me if you'vehad a crush on me; like this status if you think i'm cute;inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me; put a smile if we are friends; put angry face if you don't like me; now let's see who is brave enough to copy and paste this on their status!
i was wth 2 of my best friends                    hattie and <propfemale> u r some funny girls       <propfemale> its just a wasp dont run behind the window counter
omfg my ear hurts so badly
drivers <propmale> is over  now i just have to find things to do till saturday        hmm
is packing to go to his dads tomoro!  laugh 
"so me and mysister are watching deal or no deal and howie calls down a girl to play and <propfirst> says \her boobs are jiggley\"""""
"is packed a ready to go to his dads for the month, just got to wait till noon and he will be here  laugh "
"bugs: i hate u with all my heart, go die"
burnt my face is on fire!!
is excited to go to arma to morro to see all of his old friends           luv ya <propfemale>
mr sandman we need to sit down and have chat either you are drinking on the job or you are cheating on the sleeping dust cause i can't frigging sleep   
facebook is gay it wont let me be online
gots me a hair cut   now im ready for school to start   next week  wink 
"heres my schedule for 2010-11\black\1-10th pe     2-lan arts 2     3-am govt     4-biology\orange\1-algebra 2     2-choir     3-yearbook     4-band"
iam a happy camper    just got a hoodie that plays music     sounds dum but it does     the string conected to the hood part are head phones!
"this foot ball season for band we will play hay jude,spinning wheel,25 or 6 to 4, and you really got me       i met with mr <propfirst> he has gotten thing together and the very first thing he said was he wants to make band fun"
"is ready to start school tomoro    to see all my friends     teachers can wait a month or two to show up\lolz"
"not off to a good start on the first day of school, got like 2-3 hours of sleep"
first day of school is over    now im getting ready for the pep rally tonight      nervous tho cause we will probably not sound the best
"is changing out of choir, i am not going to stay in the class if there are only 22 people in the class  and im one of two boys           maybe i can get into <propmale> 2 d"
went to go see toy story 3
so i must say that the greatest people i have seen on the big screen are the minions from dispicibal me            and the green dudes from toy story      i love them!!!
so there is nuthing to do and im not tired at all so i am up playing risk
is ready to go see vampires suck in about an hour!
dear school here are some classes i hate that you teach me      history government and language  y must you torture me with these
"so this year im busy\\yearbook, choir, band, drum <propmale>, and vice president for the sophmore class    and then probably math leage"
so the school year is good but the only down fall so far is i miss some teachers and did i mention there are only 16 people inn choir all together
there is a freakin fly in my room and i wanna kill it but now i cant find it!!!! it is bugging me!!!
\\m ( annoyed )\\m 
im so board people should talk to me!!!!! ugh              im board i may go to bed      i dont think i will tho
"i'm through accepting limits 'cause someone says they're so \some things i cannot change \but till i try, i'll never know! \too long i've been afraid of \losing love i guess i've lost \well, if that's love it comes at much too high a cost! \i'd sooner buy \defying gravity \kiss me goodbye \i'm defying gravity \and you can't pull me down:"
so today i have to dress nice casue i got to go sell yearbook ads  laugh  this will either be fun or a train wreck
so today was fun we went and sold yearbook ads      kinda boring but we got out of school     
??????????????? hahahaha i have stars on my status lol im board???????????????
is tired from the foot ball game we lost unfortunatly but you will get them next week guys
so mom got mail and im already getting college stuff from <propmale>
im tired     i hate you school can we not go today its poring        zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
dear alarm clock     i officaly hate you
"what in the world are you wearing lady gaga        it meat you eat it, its not be worn"
so i am stuck doing the jr high volly ball yearbook pics        yippeee            not this ought to be a boring night lol
omg dont send me stupid forwords they are stupid and usless         so stop them!!!
ya its raining  smile 
are you effin kidding me the winner of americas got talent should not be a dude who whould of lost the 1st week of american idol
this week is homecoming which means today is pajama and crazy day     hmm what shall i do for it?
i need some of those sunglasses that have the lines across them for tonight if you have them an i borrow them
mrs swaim (atkins) passed away early this morning    she will be dearly missed but ust remember all the happ times you had with her
is finaly <propmale> making pictures for the amendments in government class         wat a pain in my class
all i heard is blah blah blah im a dirty tramp     hahahaha
aobut to get ready for the game to night  hope we do good
i have to march <propfemale> leaf today         ughh im tired
"eff you math your stupid i do not no how to find your x,y,and z       thats right there are three letters in 3 equations         gay!"
thank you for all the birthday comments you made my day much happier
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer"
old people are fun to watch on the trampoline        like mom for instance         she had no idea what she was doing  playful  luv ya mom
"i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy, will be without money  i cannot let    that person be me     copy within 11 <propfemale>  good luck   "
just got out of school        ya praise the half days
i really want to go see saw or paranormal activity!!!!
happy hallween        im home handing out <propfemale> to little kids
so my parents come home and say 4 high school guys are in full unitards          them poor children
goin to bed nite yall
omg <propfemale> johnston  i figured it out!
"im tired so i shall go to bed      or will it\\ya im totaly going to bed"
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid, and their handicap is not contagious  they only want what we all want: to be accepted and loved  can i make a request: is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour? it is special education week"
so i have to get ready in bout an hour for our veteran christmas parade
im back in <propmale> and had a great time with dad and gma and gpa  playful  now i got to be ready for school tomoro  sad 
my chat thing is dum it says i have 14 people on but there are only 5 that show up
"do not use the christmas tree application on facebook!! it will crash your computer  geek squad said this is one of the worst trojan virus' and is rapidly\spreading  re-post to let friends know "
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same"
is board and tired but i dont want to go to sleep so i shall just stay on here
attention!!!!  change ur profile pic back   take off ur cartoon pics!thegroup asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles  they're doing it because kids wil accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture  it has nothing to do with any child    charities  it's             on tonights news
"just got back from lessons with <propfirst> osborn, it was fun  i got a song picked out and then she gonna find a new song in latin "
what you call insanity i call insperation!!
"i miss my bfflawabct, miss ya tesla sciacca"
must say my mom is the <propfemale> (as i sit here helping her fill out survivor papers)
"just got up to see the eclips, was gonna take pictures but cameras suck in the dark!!!"
"so christmas so far is a b far awesome, got a car from my mom and s-dad, and im getting ready to go to my dads and gmas in kc"
"im home from dads, tomoro is school, im actually happy i get to see my friends         and we play arma which means i get to see <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst>"
so do we have school tomoro or not!?!?!?!
"peggy: \bobby what do you know about sexual relations \""\",f1119605c5c30844053c50ca63ee397d,guess what: im a freaking virgo now! i want to be a libra again
"ok math leauge    you blow, i have algebra 1 packet (im in algebra 2) and i can do a whole 3 problems    does anyone else see a problem with that?"
 laugh 
ggggaaaaayyyyy!!!!!! we seriously have school today!!!!?????!!!!???!!!
"i must say my sister's team is amaingly good, they are undefeted, and going to the championship in in a 4th grade tounament     they are only in 3"
 crying 
hey im raising money to get flowers for jordans mom if anyone wants to give  me or <propfirst> dunham $5 or anything towards it you can  thank you 
color game:message me a color and ill tell you something truthful  smile 
"purple, i miss you and i totaly want to <propfemale> with you some time soon"
pink! i dont really no you that much but you seem pretty cool
yellow with glittery polka dots    i miss talking to you
tomoro is spirit day!!! and i have nothing really spirited what shall i do?
"dear <propmale> wonka,\one of your oompa loompas have escaped  if you are looking for her, she is on jersey shore \\sincerely,\me"
so the snow is awesome   we cant even open our screen door   and the snow drifts are awesomely deep
"there have been 2 great things that have happend while ive been alive    1: i was born, and 2     well 1 pretty much sums it up  wink "
omfg my frickin mouse quit working and its making me mad    thank fully we have a touch screen     but it still makes me mad
"1st person to like my status - i'll change my last name to yours for a week \2nd person to like my status - i'll write random stuff on your wall for 3 days \3rd person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only)\4th person to like my status - can choose my profile pic \put this as your status if you're brave enough   smile "
"i kinda miss my bfflawabct- tesla sciacca , kar~key -karlie houdyshell and my sis <propfemale> thompson"
"if you love me, comment on this status \if you think i'm a good friend, like this status \if you ever had a crush on me, poke me \if you hate me, message me and tell me why \if you're not scared, post this as your status   smile "
"so mom and i were driving on the snow so she could teach me how to drive on it, and all of a sudden we start to turn and slide, we were going north then we turned to be facing west on the wrong side of the road, the whole time im sitting their laughing"
omfg did she seriously screw up the national anthem   
is home and hopeing for no school
karlie houdyshell i changed my name  laugh 
ladies and gentelman       i need money for sweet heart so please bring a ton of change that you just have around the house please and thank you
"omg the paper is harder than i thought, i keep getting distracted lol, dang you nhs"
i cant find my phone     if you know were its at find a way to tell me please
hey i need yall to txt me with your name in a message so i can save your number    i have the same number just new sim    so please txt me
is gonna spend the day with <propfemale> and kar-key houdyshell
is on my laptop finaly got an antiviris yay
"im kinda psychic, its like i have espn"
aww my catipilar never turned into a butterfly    um thats a cheeto   o
and were off to school     ugh today is gonna be a long day
"go second in my catigory(botany) in the science fair, good job <propfirst> dunham"
sittin with my bff kar~key gettin ready for american idol
on my way to lamberts!!!!!!!!!  playful 
"?¶sing it for the boys, sing it for the girls, everytime that u lose u sing it for the world, sing it from the heart, sing it to till ur nuts, sing it out"
"?¶for the ones that will hate ur guts, sing it for the deaf, sing it for the blind, sing about every one u left behind       omg i love this song!!!!"
"omg im stuffed, lamberts was amazing"
omfg theres a storm   im gonna sleep good tonight    lol
"yall better be in a basement if the sirens go off cause if you die, i will kill you to death!!!"
so i just got to say this   i have the most awesomeist aunt evvveeerrr     i love you <propmale> zaiss
"cat people, dog people, we all look the same way nude    wtf? that was the stupidest commercial ever"
finished my pi day poster just got to color it now
im so board
omfg im effin tired havent slept yet
wow i love u <propfemale> and ur horse voice lol
"woke up at 5, and im still tired from the lockin last night      staying up for 25 hours is not as fun as i thought"
"omg this week is either gonna suck <propmale> butt,,, or rock  so i hope i get a good night sleep"
heck ya i made nhs
"ear lady gaga u suck quit making music, and ur music videos suck"
guess what     its time for american idol yay
"thia and <propfemale> are amazing,"
american idol!!!!!!!
"good luck tomoro girls    kar-key houdyshell, lexi babcock, <propfirst> <propmale>, shealan wells, karrington garvin, kylin garvin, and kenzi  laugh "
im so tired!!!
so i just went and checked out myspace again         it still sucks!!!
is gettin ready to watch s a l t  then later secratariat
"dear math,\     the sooner you comit suicide, the faster the world will become happy  cause your logarithms suck"
im so tired
"the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4 hours a night \the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her \the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  \\there's a lot more to people than you think "
"so i guess i will start on my language paper    ugh i dont want to right a how too     if you want to know how to do it, google it duh"
"me \so why does cheese and wine go good together\""\",f1119605c5c30844053c50ca63ee397d,what can i say    american idol and math wat a great combo        haha
"omfg so math you still suck, gonna finish american idol, then off to bed so i can wake up at 5 to make teachers breakfast for nhs    ugh if the teachers want breakefast that badly pour our own cerial"
"tgif, tgif, tgif, tgif          i am so happy its friday"
"that movie was awesome i recomend \i am number four\"""""
i hope <propfirst> goes home!!!!!!
why the heck are they saving him?????
lets go vcu!!!!!!!
"dear math,\      we were great friends in elementry school  best friends in middle school  now that we are in high school you think you can start doing logarithyms, well my old friend, we can not be friends untill you stop doing that stupid crap \                                                                               love <propmale> <propmale> turgeon "
ok so if its going to snow it needs to either be a huge snow storm    or stop now
"so this week is totaly busy  saturday is districts, thursday i hopefuly get my class ring, and thursday i also have a last session with <propfirst> for the solo     ugh i want this week over"
<propfirst> durban sure can rock the stage     too bad he cant sing
"dear <propfirst> <propfirst>, u suck at being a judge  u repeat what <propfirst> and <propfemale> say, or u say some thing sexual     just quit while ur behind"
american idol    and two are leavinh ahhhhh  annoyed 
<propfirst> go home!!!!!!
that sucked <propfirst> fox and will~i~am
y did niema and thia have to leave    casey should have!!!!!!
"if you dont stand for something, you'll fall for anything "
im so excited for tomoro im gonna need to take something to put me to sleep
"im so excited for today, im ready to show them judges what i got"
sittin at the mall with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  love  yall
"2 on solo, 3 on trio"
omg a goos hit the bus window!!! its like awesome and shattered
diary of a mad black woman  smile 
"<propfirst>'s mom had 4 kids, their names were monday, tuesday, and wednesday, what was the last childs name?"
"dear storm, quit blowing and just rain already!!"
