ff7cc88dea3de7c7afc04ef94a1f0959
i wanna watch the little mermaid!!
"tried to learn to use stick shift today, didnt work so well lol"
practice sucked today eww
really wants to eat the last cookie   humm??
the absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw   
is excited for thanksgiving and to see all her friends yey i love reunions!!
is gonna read wicked now   its getting good
"picture perfect memories scattered all around the floor, reaching for the phone cuz i can't fight it anymore  and i wonder if i ever cross your mind, for me it happens all the time "
im so excited for the cabin tonight and the play tomorrow and hopefully something else amazing    im thinking positive for a change! =p
im so excited and i just cant hide it!
i definitely need to start studying  sad 
im the finance manager at razzari dodge come by a car from me hahahaha
so excited for later today    im gonna play in fake snow at some farm!! hahaha
im too spoiled  smile  lol
going to go work out eww
i feel sick to my stomach
im so nervous for new mexico on friday but im still excited ahhh lol
frustration is not good for my health
school stresses me out
i just made the most amazing french toast ever! haha
goin to boise tomorrow   i gotta keep positive hahaaha
ugh i think im gettting sick   stupid mom and her germs haha
my voice is gone! hahahaha
i want my voice back!!! lol
im getting a <propfemale>!!!!! yey haha
i love my boyfriend christian <propfirst> grossi!!
pillow fights with kristy   priceless haha
im watching gymnastics yey! makes me happy  love 
i worked on an essay alllll day today and its a piece of crap! ugh that pisses me off but mostly makes me sad haha
hopefully my phone works today   keeping my fingers crossed lol
this week is going by waaaay too fast  make it stop! lol
april showers bring may flower! lol
i love laying in my bed but im just procrastinating lol
soooo stressed  not even funny
hopefully shopping tomorrow!!  smile  that will definitely cheer me up haha
i feel a <propmale> bit better
taco tuesday! yum yum yum lol
mens volleyball is amazing lol i love it
i need to do my essays    now!
a heart dont forget soomethin like that  love 
so six essays done  one to go but still four finals   and i need a job like now ha at least i am making progress lol
one eyed one horn flying purple people eater! hahahaha
i got a job!!!! soooo excited
5 day weekend yey
<propfemale> arterton from <propmale> of persia is freakin hot!!!!
knotts <propfirst> farm   done haha
fried ice cream   in my belly yummm
schools out for the summer!
working! yey then austie is growing up way too fast cuz hes graduating ahhh omg!
its hot out here   let me go swimming in ur eyes
im going to whip my butt into shap   literally lol
i just made ghetto lemonade hahaha
i love when random males open the door for me   it makes me sooo happy to kno that chilarly is not dead  smile 
i just got a <propfemale> at the fair!!!!
my mom spent $300 dollars on some new diet food program   and its only going to last her like a month!! this stuff better have magical powers cuz thats too crazy haha
3 more hours of work   how should i entertain myself?
done!!! its been the longest day ever!
going to lake <propmale> <propmale> with christian and his family! super excited!!  smile 
super fun weekend  hopefully there will be waaay more to come  love 
the last air bender left me wanting more! im soooo excited for the next one   i wish they would pronounce angs name right tho! hahaha
bagel tyme and <propfemale> is naked!
so it kills me to say this but my mom was right  i am really enjoying this book 
i cant stop loving u with half of my heart  love 
i really want to take a penmenship class! i write like a boy  sad  gross lol
i want today to go by super duper fast! im so excited for this weekend it should be amazing if everything goes my way  laugh  fingers crossed!
so everything always doesnt go my way hahaha i forgot always e playful ect the worst so u wont be disappointed
so my dad just asked me if i wanted to lift with him   does that mean hes trying to tell me something? hahaha
so we just brought home this suuuuppppeeerr cute dog but i dont think we r gonna keep him it makes me sad
the sequoias r really cool i saw the biggest tree in the world today thats crazy!!! i love nature but the bugs must love me too cuz i got bit a lot haha
today was not a good day
ur amazing just the way u r!
goin to lunch with the work mates   without the boss haha then going to a wedding for the weekend!
going to another wedding this weekend    i guess they really are contagious! i hope i dont come down with the wedding bug hahahaha
time is goin by sooooooo slow
"i helped my mom with her little volleyball girls this morning   i am so out of shape!! but hopefully i helped them a little, but probably not haha"
new discovery today  i like <propfemale> food! next to try  indian lol
i hate working in a building with a car lot   it makes me so jealous   then it reminds me of how much better <propfirst>'s car is than mine!! lame sauce  sad 
another new discovery tonight   mormons = pretty haha i loved seeing my family its sad i only see them like once every 10 years!
i just worked out   and running=no bueno haha me no likey
"<propmale> mcgarry quote of the day \let me talk to u intelligently\"" haha this is my boss he says a lot of stuff over and over again"""
today just keeps getting worse
i had a pretty amazing weekend  love 
i have the best bf ever that would dance around as a cowboy alllll day just for me  love  i love him
"i hope today goes by fast so i can start my three day weekend started  love \todays agenda: work, eat, work, run, eat, pack, plan   haha ready go!"
on our way to la   the last hurrah before school starts   bitter sweet
at the angels game with christian  love 
hollywood here we come!
i hate it when there are girls who work at hooters and dont even have boobs  cuz isnt that the point of hooters    big boobies? haha guess not lol
drive in movie theater! omg ive always wanted to go! sooooo excited
i think i can count how many stars r visible in la   how sad
i hate how driving in a car all day makes u tired   lame
so these workers just turned off the power   does that mean i can go home? haha i wish
awww i need to sell my bunny    any takers? lol
i remember when i was in jr high trying out for the volleyball team aww i was so much smaller than these girls now  these girls seem like giants compared to me haha
i wish everyday of school was as easy as the first hahahaha
goin swimming with <propfemale> yey! hopefully i dont burn lol
i am sooooo exhausted right now and school and track havent even gotten hard yet   laaaaammme sauce
it always amazes me how i always break out in hives when i speak in front of my class even tho im so outgoing   so weird
goin back to sleep cuz its freakin raining!!
super weird   i wanna make my pasta <propfemale> right now and i never cook lol
they say time is money so lets spend it together  love 
i want to go on a hot air balloon ride!!!
i hate all men who yell accross the street at women   how rude and fyi it doesnt work so stop please
i am ready to get away
oh no i dont have my charger anymore   this is a big no no   ugh
y do i have to be so technologically deficient!! haha
"this weekend is goin to be tough, which is not what weekends should be "
"some men disgust me   just because your a \guy\"" doesnt give u a right to be a horrible person  i am so glad my bf isnt like that """
waking up in the moring is gonna suck haha hopefully im not too sore
i need to figure out how to not be stressed all the time  
long night   
i am always hungry but never kno what to eat!
i need to do laundry but i cant get up ugh
glee is on tonight! yeeeeeee so excited lol
at a baseball game roasting in the heat! ahh
anyone who likes cars shows and bbq i have tickets for an event at stanislaus on oct  9th let me kno if you would like to buy them from me! it would help me out super duper!
so my power just came on    that means im gonna start my hw now ugh the universe is against me
one year anniversary   time flies
i am going to try and be productive today
grandmas birthday dinner tonight!
definitely he best thunderstorm of my life! i wish i could see the lightning better tho
today was a perfect day to go cloud watching   im sad i didnt have time to
"im proud of myself, therefore i will reward myself with coconut cream pie!!"
i like it on the chair  love 
sooo i pretty much hate when all three of my printers in my house decide not to work at the same time!!! another incident to show how the universe is conspiring against me and how technology hates me   ugh
im mad! and today was suppose to be amazing ughit  needs to get better
breakfast time! i love food
"so my mom bought me some jeans today, and she fits in them! i think i might die haha oh well hot mama lol"
my lazy day is coming to the end   off to practice soon
i want to be a teenage ninja mutant turtle for halloween!!!!!!!! lol
bio test today  this equals death! i wont be able to enjoy my friday until its over   until then its study time! ahh
this week went by fast   yey
sooo i just learned that my geology field trip is tomorrow aaallllllll day! im kinda sad but hopefully its fun
im so mad at geology right now  hopefully today goes by fast
i think there should be child labor laws against gymnastics haha
i am definitely goin to keep my fingers crossed for this one!!!!!!!
i need to carve a pumpkin   stat!!!!
today is blah
so tired
its my best friend <propfemale> <propfirst> granado's birthday today and im on a mission to help cook the best birthday dinner ever for her hahaha   hopefully i dont mess it up
lame   
"i miss \boy meets world\"" lol"""
"it's brother's week     if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, someone you can't do without, copy and paste this to your status"
taco tuesdays  love 
finishin my hw now haha
i am now offically a hair stylist haha
i am sooooooo excited for <propmale> potter! i love november now haha
date night  smile 
i really want to take ballroom dance lessons! lol
i hate when my mom gets me christmas presents when im with her and then hides them from me for 2 months!!! so much freakin anticipation cuz i kno what i cant have yet lol
its so dark so early!!!!! it was weird driving home today lol
dear evil dr  wolf (my biology teacher) please go easy on our test  tomorrow   i have been studying my butt off and i would really like to get a good grade   but if you keep bein mean and putting trick questions in the test i cant do that   so please give us a straight forward test so i can be happy haha thank you!
girls day! yey!
girls day yey!
i am soooooo tired! idk how i am functioning right now   
i should be studying ha
stupid!
"<propmale> potter, i love u!"
i love <propmale> potter cuz its not in 3d!! lol
"if i die young   burry me in satin,\lay me down on a bed of roses,\sink me in the river at dawn,\send me away with the words of a love song"
i wanna start doin stuff i wanna do  smile 
goin home with <propfemale> today! im so excited  love 
wizzard of oz  love 
i am so sick of <propfemale> now hahahahahaha jk had fun but now i am home sweet home lol
i had crab for dinner it made me sooooo happy! my favorite  love 
"attention! new facebook laws! \1)keep your baby momma daddy,ya boo,your ex,or your friend off your <propfemale> if they cant handle what they see 2) stop taking every comment or post so seriously,personally,or out of context 3)when you get into it with someone don't post it on your wall(i think we're all adults! smile  start today and if you agree,repost this! fb has destroyed lives and relationships  it's not that serious!  smile "
is it bad that in-n-out makes me extremely happy?? hahaha
breakfast date with <propfemale>!  laugh 
christmas shopping with mama <propfemale> haha
<propfemale> it really sucks when ur power goes out with no one home and its the only house on the block  my imagination has officially taken over and im freakin out haha help!
i am sooooo good at embarrassing myself hahahaha
"tomorrow's \study day\"" will be used to sleep! haha yes!!"""
"today was a good day! slept, watched tangled, played football at practice, now <propmale> potter marathon while doin nails and making snow flakes!!!!! im sooo blessed"
christmas tree time!!!!! yey  love 
its beginning to look a lot like christmas!!!!  laugh 
titanic is a depressing movie haha
not excited to work out all by my lonesome today  sad 
"since when did merced get so much traffic??!!! it is horrible and so uncalled for, i just wasted 45 minutes of my life!!!"
miss congeniality  love  this movie is amazing!
i dont wanna study anymore   but i must! ugh
you can always tell when a movie is bad if there are a zillion commercials about it haha
"christmas party with the family, but im kinda excited  smile "
"they say good things come to those who wait, so ill be at least an hour late"
im excited to give blood today! tis the season to give  love 
stupid rain   ugh
i need to figure out where theres no clouds so i can see this lunar eclipse tonight!!
waking up early to go to the auction with my dad cuz im a very very good daughter!
"i mastered stick shift today, i think that means im a bad ass! lol"
"if you dont stand for something, then you'll fall for anything   "
happy birthday to my wonderful mother!! and <propfemale> christmas to all!
i wanna marry <propmale> gump! lol
"about to have some fun, and i am very excited!!"
2011 started off great! now i need a new years resolution haha and stick with it!!
i wish today's beautiful day could be repeated everyday of the year  love 
my glow in the dark crayons dont even work!!!! im very mad at <propfemale>! hahaha
its hard to be productive when the weather is sooooo depressing and gross!
yey brother sister outing was fun!!! but im gonna be sore haha
i can see the sun today! this makes me smile  love 
"so this whole new zodiac sign thing is like pluto not being a real planet all over again, i just feel lied to and used   not cool haha"
"lets take it slow, i dont wanna move to fast\i dont wanna just make love, i wanna make love last\when you're on this high, its a sad goodbye   \don't you wanna stay here a little while?"
not a very successful day 
apparently im as threatening as a pillow! hahaha that kinda makes me sad lol
"i am really getting annoyed with the \black and yellow\"" song!"""
i just washed my car yesterday and there is crap all over it already!! ugh  sad 
"soooo my dog snores and twitches when he sleeps, i dont think thats normal hahahahaha"
"boring day, i wish the warm weather would come back so i could do fun things again!"
does anyone have the book for philosophy 2400 contemporary moral issues? if you do please let me kno!! thanks!
"\accross the universe\"" with <propfemale> stuckles and my new friend  r man haha i love this movie  love """
"i have had a wonderful week so far, hopefully it can finish off amazing also"
craving something sweet   
"<propfirst> is \trying\"" to screw up making cookies so he wont have to do it again   he put pancake mix instead of flour hahahahaha im definitely not eating these cookies hahahaha"""
family dinner!! haha  smile 
"off to boise, idaho bright and early! excited   it should be fun!"
tax returns make me so happy!!!!
"<propfemale> is \drunk\"" in astronomy class right now bahahaha!"""
im sick  sad  someone make me feel better!
yey i got all my essays done and at a decent hour   i feel accomplished  smile 
"and those lips look too good to be true\once i taste that kiss, i know what'll happen\ill be at the mercy of you\if i fall, can you let me down easy?"
i hate when everything starts to go good something bad always has to happen   
i wanna have a birthday brunch haha im original like that  smile 
<propmale> state track team!!!! remember we have pictures tomorrow so dont forget to bring ur uniforms and sweats to practice  love 
i hate planning stuff haha too stressful!
birthday <propfemale> breakfast for dinner was a success! it made me happy  love 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday it was an awesome day and i am so blessed to have all the people who care about me in my life!  love 
march 26 is international <propmale> hanks day!! haha im excited to celebrate it lol
"its a great day to be alive! \ smile "
well thats just wonderful   
i dont wanna take my tests tomorrow   
"stupid boy, \you cant fense that in,\stupid boy \its like holding back the wind "
utilitarianism and deontology can suck it! haha
class tomorrow is pointless   stupid teachers
not a good day   
"today i learned that i have no <propfemale>, especially with children   specifically my mom's jr high track team; yep, definitely not having kids"
one of the girls on my moms track team asked me if i was 16 or 17 and i had to say no im 20    and idk how i should feel about it haha
so im in charge of cooking dinner tonight for my family   this should be interesting hahahaha cereal it is! haha jk (maybe)
mulan and the lion <propmale> with my favorite <propfirst> <propfirst>! great night!
how does eating one cookie always turn into eating six! hahaha
"\the <propfemale> rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules\"" haha aladdin  smile """
heart felt bonfire  love  haha
i finally washed pegasus! i feel accomplished  smile 
not so shy <propfemale>  wink 
costco is like disney land for supermarkets   the happiest place on earth!  love 
