0ea47a30c35e5f6c1664e482f1fe06af
bored out of my mind
no one is online!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to the beach tomorrow
feels like crap
goodnight all
depressed because i've never been to maine
omfg imma lez
ps this is her bff
free kittens!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yay!  joyful  new years with the bestie and her family  laugh 
"wow one am huh?       that means bedtime       happy new year and blah blah blah    yeah whatever, night "
>_> going home this is gay        its no even two yet       what is this black magic!
wheee! new legend of <propfemale> game!
beat the legend  of <propfemale>  spirit tracts an now im bored
is eating waffles with no syrup because someone never told her there was no more syrup
"ugh     been sick, still cant breathe  i wanna go back to school!"
meep
awake at 7 in the morning on easter what in the world is wrong with me?
blubblubblubblip
reading death note for the first time
head hurts
ugh i hate it when no ones online
i hate it when you ask a question and no one answers you but when someone else asks a question you'd better answer it
not so depressed anymore    
i is wearing a snuggie
woke up this morning with a sore throat and now i've got the hiccups
just found a box of video cassette tapes and still have a working vcr i love disney  smile 
well now i have about thirty new friends
http annoyed  socialface spruz com ?page annoyed ogin&cmd=register&from_member=29529ba9-dbc0-4cf2-a295-2959e4863318
join us!  http annoyed  socialface spruz com ?page annoyed ogin&cmd=register&from_member=29529ba9-dbc0-4cf2-a295-2959e4863318
join us! http annoyed  socialface spruz com ?page annoyed ogin&cmd=register&from_member=29529ba9-dbc0-4cf2-a295-2959e4863318
http annoyed  socialface spruz com ?page annoyed ogin&cmd=register&from_member=29529ba9-dbc0-4cf2-a295-2959e4863318
leaving for west <propfemale> at 1 in the morning wtf dad!
i hath returned!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cookie yummy!!!!!!!!
reading the last book in the dark tower series   i'm not sure i wanna finish it
bored
ugh its dark and i'm too lazy to turn on the light
i have tropical crap in my snowcone!
snowcone all gone   too lazy to take container to sink    
after twenty minutes of continuous scrubbing my lenses are transparent again!!!! yay!
 sad  its dark again     
got tired of sitting in the dark so i turned the light on all by myself this time
too much cookie!!!!!! -dies-
i swear if i see one more magnemite i'm gonna shoot it
yeah!!! morty's goin down this time!!!
-sigh- i lost     again
mwhahahahaha!!!! smoochum rocks!!!!
too much sound!!!!!!!!!!!!
 sad  its dark     too lazy   can't reach switch    catherine come turn on my light!!!!!!!!!!
i got burnt handling fresh baked cinnamon rolls and not i'm watching my thumb swell!  smile  yay!
omnom cinnamon roll good      cathii good cook     
man everyone seems to love me today    thanks guys  smile 
 sad   got don't fear the reaper stuck in my head   i blame <propfirst>
 crying  <propfemale> ate my socks   
watching the first season of pokemon     its so weird
now down to 24 of my original 126 eevee    
alright after jello    and the dishes i'm ready to get back to work     laugh 
yay!!! more eevee!!!!
whaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!! i turned my light on all by myself and then <propfemale> turned it off!  now its dark      
-sigh- bored again    imma play tetris!
yay! <propfirst> joplin is the best!
i'm sooooooooooo bored
imma be a pokemon breeder when i grow up!
ugh glasses won't stay clean imma just take them off    
ugh headache back    
screw the classical music imma listen to love songs instead
i'm bored    imma play tetris
-dies of boredom-
change of plans: i'm not leaving tonight!!!!! yesh!
whaaaaaaaaa! i got chicken broth on my glasses  crying 
rain must hurry up and come!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rain and thunder ish here!!!!!!!!!!!!
i  love  waffles
i ish leaving guys  crying  hopefully i'll be back in a week           
mkay so i'm back (sorta)
ugh     suddenly feeling giddy      
the giddiness shall soon pass!! do not panic!!!
going outside      blah     -grumble-
mmmmm     bed at midnight       sad 
mkay its like 8 smile 0 and i'm awake           whats wrong with me?????
yesh! <propfemale>'s awake which means i get to see my keyboard!!!  laugh 
mkay <propfemale> computer time      dx taking turns sucks     be beck in a couple of hours!!!
mkay i'm back
 crying  sammi has to go home today
logan's gonna punch um in the face!!!!  laugh 
i gotsta leave now everyone no wild parties!!!!
 laugh  hi peoples!!!
yay!! -dances- sammi ish online!!!
i just got slapped in the face!!!!
hmmmmmmmm        eight o'clock           zzzzzzzzzzzzz
omfg everyone!!!!! i found my chapstick  laugh  it was in my shirt pocket 
the game!!!!!!!!!
sammi+internet= happy sammi     your math lesson for today  laugh 
-dies- can't go back to sleep          so bored       
-shiver- why is it so cold?
 laugh  <propfemale>'s leaving -evil grin-
-is laughing at <propfirst> cause she thinks i care-
mkay imma just curl up and die     
mkay sammi is here     but where is everyone else?
yay! i'm not alone anymores!
all of the new pokemon look gay       the storyline better be good     
how come i'm always like the last to go to sleep but gst up first?
 laugh  i can see the monitor theres no dirt!!!
uck    brothers and sister are here to bug sammi      
they have been here less than 30 minutes and my head already hurts
"mkay so a lesson for all of you who call me sammi there is no \y\"" or \""e\"" in its spelling!!!! thank you for listening"""
 laugh  <propmale>!!!
-yawn- night facebook see you in the morning       zzz
yard sale + bright sun = uck       
too much sun!!!!! -dies-
its better to be mad at me for now than to hate me forever      
hey facebook how the (dolphin noise) are ya?  laugh  too much spongebob!!!
how come i can cheer up anyone when they're in a sucky mood but when i'm in one its virtually impossible?
is singing to songs by the beatles
uck yardsale tomorrow       crying 
man i got up this morning and franny nearly gave me a heart attack
uck yard sale today       
darn it i has the hiccups
why is it so hot? -dies-
        how long has it been? 5 hours? too much sun!!!!! -dies-
and we're finally done     whew imma die (again)
-yawn- i'm hungry    
"sunny: \son of a biscuit\"" me: \""whoooo biscuits!!!!\""  laugh  shes playing <propfirst> kart wii"""
-noms on ice- still waiting for <propfirst>       
-noms on chinese food-
bwhahahahaha!!!!! <propfirst> kart wii!!!!
 crying  my sweatshirt shrank in the dryer not it fits just right      -cries-
omfg!!!! out of school early and internet????? woooohooooo!!!!
is munching on ice and wondering why its cold
nighty night facebook i will return tomorrow at first light
omfg!!!! theres a big gaping hole in the ceiling!!!!!!!
-sigh- its dark in here            
is wondering why its so hard to see     laugh  my glasses are on my head
loves her creepy friends  laugh 
-sigh-
mkay night facebook time for bed  smile 
oh my gosh      so bored         -dies-
-sigh- not the best of days          
so the swelling went down and i can close and open my fist without any resistance  smile  happy sammi
-sigh- going home soon          stupid school system! how dare we not have tomorrow off! > sad 
" sad  internet connection sucks, gamecube hates me, ds wants to freeze      grrrrrrrrrrr -is angry-"
blah          just blah              
-sigh- going home -waves- so long facebook
well this is strange
-gasp- i sawed snow!
well we're here
-cries- what channel is animal planet?  crying 
on our way home
blah       hiccups won't go away       
"blah, leg hurts    don't ask i don't know why it just does"
tummy hurt       i better not get sick like everybody else      > sad 
"mmmmmmmmm           tummy still feels weird, but its a lot better than last night"
where did everybody go?  crying 
^^ tummy finally feel better yays!
nomnomnomnom        i just eated dinner and my tummy isn't mad at me anymore!  laugh 
mmmmmmmmmm        i actually slept last night  smile 
"blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah                  bored, must play game              "
-makes a face- this stuff is made with cream of mushroom soup       mushroom uck dx
shanghai <propfirst>? kong egg fu <propfemale> fourtune cookie always wrong  laugh  aristocats best movie ever
shanghai <propfirst>? kong egg fu <propfemale> fourtune cookie always wrong
mmmmm            i think i might just head off to bed        my head is killing me night night facebook
morning facebook  laugh 
yay mismatched gloves!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"change\your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not\see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight\against child abuse  copy & paste this to your status and invite\your friends to do the same!"
yeah! back online!
-sigh- going home -waves- bye facebook
mmmmmmmmmmm                    bored                     what else is new?
mkay -yawn- bedtime night
-shivers-morning facebook  laugh 
nomnomnom homemade corn dogs
-sigh- why do i get up so early?
                                                                hi                                                     
-sigh- next time they just need to go out and buy me something to wear    if it fits it fits if it doesn't it doesn't do not drag me into a clothing store and e playful ect me to have a good time > sad 
playing <propfirst> kart wii with cathii and the little brother  laugh d fun fun fun
noooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmm whipped cream -rubs tummy-
ugh       headache won't go away and my stupid nose is clogged      can't breathe -dies-
dx stop reminding me about my forgotten juice!!!!!!!!!!!
well i'm here           now what to do       
>_> if this little dog barks one more time              grrrrrrrrrrrrr                    
psh    sammi like this room  joyful  its warm
"so yeah, apparently going home soon  sad  might be back tomorrow      "
bored    watching old disney tapes
bored nothing to do   
i cant go to frannys but <propmale> can go to dylans? i havent done a thing to her  she makes no sense 
mom and <propmale> were in a car accident but noone was hurt so be chill
ugh   headache
-sigh- daddys on his way home
sorry dudes i dont speak english
yay traffic!! not     
ah tru tv    best creation ever
ah home at last
we were watching i am legend and after it was over <propfirst> asked if it was based on a true story  i told her yes -facepalm- she thought i was serious
so appearently i am the son of a british scottish hippo thing
<propfirst> just nayed like a gay horse
my best friends a tree
bored watching toy story 2
mom said call the dog so cathii picks up her phone    i love my family
random giggles from cat? -throws ball to silence-
playin fetch with cathii  joyful 
cathii throws her gum at me randomly then eats it after it was on the floor
bored playing <propfirst> kart   
i has my new glasses!
omnomnomnom ham      
dude what are you guys talking about?!?!?! i see no snow!! > sad 
-sigh- going home soon     
playing guitar hero not sucking as badly as <propmale> says i am
-sigh- here we go again   
hello facebook i want to play a game
is the messaging system down or is it just my phone being an idiot?
ah augmented and diminished intervals    gotta love theory
yell yell yell why cant anyone in this house use their inside voices?
okay its official i hate facebooks messaging system i cannot recieve messages so i will revert back to what i was before i had a social life its sad but true i have no life and to prove it imma go sulk about how i cant evolve my digimon up a rank unless i degenerate it and start again
ah time to write    so many ideas which one first? theyre all amazing
awh puffles being all cuddly
so <propfirst> is appearently on strike and refuses to speak   couldnt have asked for anything better to brighten my day
i gots a new puzzle you = jealous
i may be a day late but i am not a dollar short
ah new game beaten time to go do what im best at
of all people in the world why do these constantly bickering children have to be my parents?
simba:will you cut that out? rafiki: cant cut it out itll grow right back 
back on an actual computer  joyful  yay!!! i love my keyboard  love 
alright not really back bonfire    
omnom blueberry waffles      
yay ice cream man i love thee love 
who knew diced ham was so addictive?
nomnomnom tomato sammich     
 laugh  saw 6  troubled  lets do this -maniac giggles-
ugh! i hate saw! imma hurt something
white tile room!
blueberry
hi we're from the animal hospital down the street  we understand you have a dying animal on the premisis
ugh    so bored    no one to talk to   
nom blueberry waffles     
bored    
sunnys a quitter
a gps locator on my ds would be quite helpful right now
these idiot children are making my headache come back
so yeah    my idiot little sister got herself suspended from school and then wonders why she cant do anything
-sigh- bored   
march of the penguins   
white tiled room! -dances-
