35032048f1d0af17a920ce0de4041580
who needs a heart when a heart can be broken?! really <propfemale>? its like that now?
work+school+cross country= 1 tired negro
"passion drives aggression, precision prevents  mistakes"
"it's like, tryin to climb a mountain with perpetual height, if there is such a thing"
someone status was new years evil lol
club ihop packed barely got outta there
"your girlfriend is cute, did you know that she's a bird?!?"
rofl someone changed my password    last name <propfirst> first name <propfemale>
"watch the sunrise, say you good-byes   off we go     "
"cnt think of any artistic or inspirational thing to say right now, but i do miss u deeply and i cant wait for my return to you"
"i hear the pulse of the universe, earthquakes in <propfemale> make the most beautiful waves in <propfemale> beach"
31 days til my weddin      already got tunnel vision
"uhh <propfemale> jewelers is hella slack! its all gud tho, her ring's back from being fitted only 30 days prior to that fantastic beach wedding"
"got the ring, order has been restored"
hit me up if u wnt an invite to the wedding
i make babies cry     
"so, i type a txt to a girl i used to see     "
go team <propmale>!!
"after this i might switch to <propmale>,"
a <propmale> history in which i'm apart yet kno nothing of      
"now look who flown, straight up crusin back up on the scene!"
i got a back-up plan to the back-up plan to back-up the back-up plan
despicable me!? naw naw despicable you!!
despicable me in 3d was a nice movie sn she made me recycle my 3d glasses smh
"gettin married y'all, i suggest u do the same, big ego make a team and have em share ur last name lol"
sniff sniff pick up yo fone!!!!
these are a few of my favorite things
i see so many chasing after god and its truly a blessing that so many praise aloud
"my af1's feel as heavy as my army boots rite now,"
"today feel like a friday in high school, ya kno u got a big crush on a pyt and u gota wait till monday to tell her    so u plan and plan wat n how u gnna say it and where, dats how i feel bout u <propfemale>,"
"my ride avg 21 mpg, not bad for a 93 sports coupe with 160k on the odometer"
"busy busy busy, car avg 23 mpg"
"its 3rd and 22, we dwn by 6 in the 4th qtr coach t jus called 21 sally      touchdown nigga,"
"greatest day ever! i love muh wife <propfemale>     thank u jesus, <propmale> brown, <propmale> <propmale>, <propfirst> munnerlyn, <propmale> mcleod, and last but not lease <propmale> bostick i love y'all thank u for sharing our day with us"
looking forward to the nxt few days in <propmale> head peace out fb
cvvcvbvfx
"it just hit me, as my wife and i are promenading around <propmale> head, <propmale> bostick tore down dem songs at the wedding boy o boy"
"back from the frosty frog cafe, had to give up the keys since i drank a pina colada daquri 151 proof"
walkin to the beach wit my wife on my side
the honeymoon is
wife+movie+popcorn+soda+sour patch kids=awesome!!
"     random incedents in life i almost got written on while on break, new manager straight ill wit power issues, but whatever, its a job"
chronomentrophobia- ain't got much time left
"jus left wendys and hardly had any fries    then again my wife was eating likes to \inspect\"" the bag so who knows   love u jas  smile """
"in <propmale> dodson's voice, \welllllllll obviously\"""""
"she'll love books and cook and look   just like you   , and when she's done being young    she'll dress like you"
"on the streets of columbia, listening  to sum music the potential is endless the journey starts now      i love u jas"
"ok, before gangsta rap, compton was a nature preserve for bunni rabbits      thought y'all needed to kno, thanks a lot ice cube jeez but hey friday and lottery ticket are pretty good films      i love u jas"
"currently in st  <propfirst>, headed for lost in the woods"
"yep yep 32 more days of basic combat training,"
blue phase that's all i gtta say
yep yep
v6 chevy all wrecked up  sad  but its all gud tho
"used windex on my soul's inner-mirror, i reconize the image reflecting in my mine's eye   can you?"
my m-16 and i been through a lot    a lot of dirt cus this is by far the dirtiest rifle in the history of rifles but we can knock dwn some targets day and night
my inner-musician and inner-soldier havin a debate right now    sn: company run tomorrow guess who's doin sum cadences   
last day of basic training rite dnt kno hw we pulled it off but my gosh 26 count em 26 pizzas coming to the barracks now now i kno wat ya think wait u supposed to be a soldier u gotta train etc look here everyone is safe i'm on the job iight
"lord jesus thank u for my wife, she's just awesome"
"lost in the woods til new year, man o man"
arrgh <propfirst> brown
keypads are better than touch screens but its best to have both
wait jus wait
"selfless service should be the word on the minds of americans today  veterans soldiers placed the needs of their country over their own, risking life so that we can enjoy this freedom  "
air force and marines's <propmale> camo look way cooler than digi camo jus sayin proud to have u s  army over the heart tho   but their uniforms still cool tho
"dear mrs robinson, \\ i miss u very very very very very very very very very very (breath) very very very very very very very much                love, \                                  mr  robinson"
<propmale> man auction poor man garage sell
"people still talking bout my past like its the most interesting conversational piece in the history of human-kind   well here is my rebut; if man dwelled on how awesome the wheel was when it was carved, if they jus stopped right there and never thought of improving it, we wouldn't have cadallic's  so, get off muh nutz! geez"
"before the cars, i liked guitars"
add p t  badge to my list of army achievements
my homie <propmale> brown
"wow, this is the first time in a couple weeks that i haven't been able to pick up my fone and txt or call my wife, i feel like a total junkie for her love but its all gud cus her rehab is cool too    30 days and and ill be home"
"words of the day; no-go, barracks, attention, basketball, chow, turkey, randomisms affected by i    i can drive tho, it must be genetic hooah"
"white thanksgiving y'all its too cold up here, but the chow hall was great prime rib plus the original stuff"
"my child hood heroes without capes; <propmale> smith, <propfirst> smalls, and of course hosey dukes   i can't imagine how different my life woulda been and imma leave it at that"
resume
"wonderful wild flower sexy is in season, share your sunshine with me    cee-lo     resume is now"
nothing           but the blood      hooah
gnna be listening to kid cudi new album while the weather does it thing
lovely weather hooah
i made a good choice
holdovers tryna smoke in the latrine not on my watch!
the first time my phone has had 3g signal since i left for leonardwood! am i really coming home? say it ain't so! tell me week 0 hasn't turned into week 16 and i have 2 left after january wait wait    its gone darn u t-mobile
     i'm an 88m she said i can't drive anymore  sad 
i think the companies who try to stop viruses on computers put the viruses on web to keep themselves in business
"waiting on <propfemale> to get off work, i really admire her drive for success, she can do it all by herself but we joined forces anyway, yea superwoman & capt  <propfemale>"
tryna be number 1 uncle in the universe     who are my contenders u ask?? joey   full house    jesse    full house     snoop dogg    interscope records    and <propmale> n  brown   y'all know him      wish me luck she cries when she sees me poor neice but not anymore no by the end of the night i will be uncle bryseee
crushed  my 7 yr old cousin in madden yesterday 36-32 but lost to <propmale> shackleford in black ops and 2k 11 miserably
"and i seen the light, i seen the light, you're the one girl    and when it hit me it felt like lightning"
you are an atomic blue space-aged super falcon with goose down feathers
"little weapon, we need you now     pow"
"not one solitary txt from the misses during the game, now i want her and the rest of the black community to call upon dirwin or whoever when them terriorsts come and take over televison! down with bet"
the scourg
shoutout to my drummer raheem wright
"and if u feelin fine and if you feeling gud then cmon yea baby hop up in my gt coupe, and i say let's ride let's ride let's ride"
one more time for the people in the back
"1 5 trillion dollars data alot of money  well, that's the nations deficit, now ask yourself     how does one recover from that???"
"back to reality, back to plastic m16's    i feel like a retired super hero or your dad who lowers the rim 8 feet so he can still dunk sigh bored unless i'm in uniform"
oh yea 66 degrees the middle of winter
"bout to get it in at the gym, one owes it to one's body to maintain a certain level of physical and mental discipline"
the world is so small
ignorance is bliss but so is knowlwdge
jus like cee-lo say eff uuu and uhhh eff uuu too!
"<propmale> man auction, poor man garage sell"
hahaha
can't go to bed til i wash the dishes      
"my genius needs tragedy in order to be relavent,"
it's like a dreamer's insomnia
u ever tried to drive and eat subway??  don't do it! the sandwich is too dynamic! i say again do not do it
"you got the iq of my fucking shoe, wow"
u a bad man <propmale>
"true colors? no, i'm monochromatic now compliment my <propfemale>"
"never thought i would need bass lessons, but hey if you don't use it, you lose it  it's like i wanna be made"
mission complete
"if it hasn't been music, what was it?"
imma open the studio up for lil bit
squeeze the geeeze! no more no more no more
"i'm a working man, my plan is to provide the means of education for my children through my work ethic   "
chicken jumped off the table and killed a friend of mine
prolly the worst consecutives days for me ever   
"ha ha i remeber i almost caught 'em all on pokemon yellow, almost    "
i shoulda kept the dvr     
"y'all, quit leaving class cus ur <propmale> left, be a dang leader not a follower    "
none of my keyboards are compatible     lmao really?!
"i was in a music store in uniform, and a little girl who was taking her first piano lesson goes, look daddy a soldier    wow, i mean this life is full of compromise and sacrifice but its also full of apprecitation, i love my country and the people i serve"
"growing a beard, tryna look scruffy"
"what are the keys to being a ninja? dressed in all black, perfect vision and their movements are in silence"
headed to the mllw mushroom yea son! in yo face in yo face mrs  robinson
"headed to aiken soon, birthplace and nest of really talented folk and some real jacked up folk"
"stressed out today, the feather's of my unusally cool demeanor have been ruffled so you may get pecked, heck you may get poo on your shoe"
shout out to my drummer!!! raheem wright
best wife ever! check the rankings she #1
"blind mc from lugoff, sc on 106 wow,"
thanx everyone!!! y'all need to go see that suckerpunch movie
"i feel more like an instrument hoarder than a musician but its all good, i feel like playing today"
you down wit ott?
ketchup or catsup either way it don't belong on a fry
