f2ff54a2b83d67831349052ec76fbbc1
- happy new year
"lets go cincy, beat on the gators!"
is coming of age  way to go arkansas!
is going to the kilt!
- the hangover rules!
- hey can you hear that?
- i don't want to come back down from this cloud 
is ready to play some volleyball!
is sick   
is bored!!!  480 818 7091 - shoot me a text or something 
- look to the past and remember and smile and maybe tonight i can breathe for awhile
- happy 4th of july!
is about to go eat some heart-attack burger!!!
- now and then when i see her face she takes me away to that special place
- december clouds are now covering me december songs no longer i sing
"- your soul's on fire, it's black and white"
"- desperate and ravenous, so weak and powerless over you"
-  mmmmmmmm       minty mouthwash!
- did you get your slim-jim!?  they've shut the factorys down for a bit cus one e playful loded!
is burning cds  laugh 
is ready for some football!
isn't a big <propfirst> <propmale> but would love to see the smurs dance to the thriller in honor of his death!
isn't a big <propfirst> <propmale> but would love to see the smurfs dance to the thriller in honor of his death!
- if a dreams all that i've got then i wish you're in a <propfemale> tale where you're still in love with me
"-  a jolly bright monday, eh?"
- and it's dark in your room when i sneak to your bed to pour salt in your wounds    smile 
- haha my facebook account got hacked!
- so stay with me and i'll have it made
- without freedom there is no choice   without choice there is no love 
"- these roads go on forever, there will always be a place, for you   in my heart"
"is in a lab, by himself with flammable solvents and blow torches     haha, the possibilites  smile "
"- there isn't always a choice   sometimes, you have to be the villain "
- poison hearts will never change
looking for someone to watch fantastic mr  fox with me   haha 
- i have to speculate that god himself did make us into corresponding shapes like puzzle pieces from the <propmale>
won the hangover on dvd at a work christmas party!  woot!
- avatar is pretty sweet 
- my knee is feeling fantastic and swollen   
- i have my fingers crossed that i might be able to walk on my left leg tomorrow haha 
- you make my bummed knee fell a bit better  smile 
"- so hard to find my way, now that i'm all on my own   ?"
- i'll gladly pay you tuesday for a hamburger today 
is getting prepared for my last weekend of for awhile   
- dude today has been soooo lonnnnng!
- hard to notice what is passing by with eyes lowered
- once in a while your life gets so good worth all the trouble of the past that was the case but i think i always knew good things don't ever last
i ready for a good weekend!
- you people in arkansas better quit bragging about your snow!
i've only been at work for an hour and i'm already ready for this weekend
i wanna go to coachella so bad!
just got a dose of nyquil   now i just have to get over this crap 
is going for a run   
- wanna love ya wanna bug ya wanna squeeze ya stupid girl
- free concert tonight at asu!  thrice and story of the year!
- and it went uuh caress me down
"- lighthouses rule  you don't like the lighthouse, you suck "
"- i love seahorses, and i love lookin’ at em, and i love seashells   i love seashell things   i love things with seashells and seahorses on em like blankets and towels and little bags   i love em   seahorses forever  - haha"
is ready for a change   i've been sick for a week!
has some pics of snowboarding and such   hope to put them on sometime this week 
- the weekend is so close i can taste it  laugh 
wants to get out of work early to go see a spring training game   it's so nice outside!
is pumped for the flogging <propfemale> concert on st  <propfemale>'s day!
-  it's spring break!
is going to the renaissance fair tomorrow lol   guess i better get some sleep   
- ahh it's friday!
- snowoarding all weekend!   smile   text or call if you need me 
- i hate english   
wishes he could fight facebook because of this stupid pic vid uploader!
"- what country do i want to \visit\"" for a class report?"""
december clouds are now covering me december songs no longer i sing
- why can't people ever see eye to eye?
"loves the new eels album   to amazing   gone man, gone "
- my weekend starts in an hour!
has so much homework 
- asu is crazy tonight!
is ready for baseball season to start monday!
- (alcohol + rockband) x shenanigans = a friday night!
- saturday chores are so boring   
"- by the winding stream we shall lie and dream, we'll make dreams come true if we want them to"
"- youth's the most unfaithful mistress   still we forge ahead to miss her, rushing our moment to shine "
"- according to harvard medical school researchers, 11 large companies that offer life, disability, or health insurance owned about $1 9 billion in stock in the five largest fast-food companies as of june 2009   lol   only in the us"
"- this purchased rebellion has been outbidded, denounced and rescinded and left to die championless "
- it's cool to take these chances  it's cool to fake romances & grow up fast   ?
"_ i take small comfort in a dying world, i'm not the only who's feelin' this pain"
- dbacks game at 5:10!  woot!
is missing the coyotes game!  sad day   
has a super busy weekend ahead   
just hit the pool for the first time this year!  feels great 
"this week is chaos   luckily, next week is all fun "
has two finals left to turn in and then i'm packing!
at the airport   
"in the airport to fly back to pheonix   had a great trip, thanks everyone for the great time!  sorry i didn't get to see everyone     just to little time "
made it back to pheonix   
is taking care of some spring cleaning
- if this is what he wants and this is what she wants then why is there so much pain?
"nothing's gonna stop us, nothing's gonna stop us now "
terrible tuesday
"- our lives are changing lanes, you ran me off the road "
but i will take these old shoes to get to you   
we were make believers just losing time
headed to the pool for some nightime swimming
pulp fiction
enjoy your crackers because theres plenty of soup   
fate fell short this time your smile fades in the summer
way to go redlegs!
loves the creepy people that try to add me as a friend   
drop me a line with a hook and some raw bleeding bait for i am uncaught and still swimming alone in the lake
sit on the back porch and wonder bout her what is she doing right now? making somebody a happier man dying her hair back to brown
"patiently you waited for a courting boy's embrace, then everyone would know "
tyrel is so my hero    like right now 
poor <propmale> is a bit self conscious and he thinks that he's a vampire 
last nite she said oh baby i feel so down
if the back win i get to see them here in tempe!!  laugh 
"way to go hogs, now roll into tempe and take care of things "
"and though spring, it did come slowly, i guess it did its part my heart has thawed and continues to beat"
sorry you flew to mars while i shot for pluto  
getting ready to head to packard stadium   go hogs!
"well at least we didnt make it easy for th #1 team     nice try hogs, good game "
"- the world exists with one less great man   r i p  <propfirst> melton, watch over all us   you will be missed "
"sorry i haent responded if anyone is trying to get ahold of me, i lost my phone friday   "
and they write books about this sort of thing 
"someday, somebody's gonna ask you a question that you should say yes to, once in your life"
its so warm! headed to the pool!
if only i could speak the words that would astonish you 
it's very weird without a phone     hopefully i will have a new one by next week 
got a droid x!
i need everyones <propfirst> agian
hmm   how to draw the perfect picture   
you can call me <propmale> as long as i can call you <propfemale>   
friday!  my long missed friend!
halo and fat tire  
just ate the best chicken fingers ever
sometimes i just wishthe laundry would do itself
is in inception
its to hot to not hit the pool!
what makes someone the better friend?
hell yeah!  just spilled trichloroethylene on my hand!  nothing quite as sexy as toxic carcinogens   
thinking tonight could be a four loco night   batting cages first 
deep down we will always have someday 
just realized a bizarre hobby i have haha
"- consider the odds, consider the obvious   "
- all we need is love
- rushing our moment to shine
"- some things tie your life together, slender threads and things to treasure \days like that should last "
- my sweet sweet heartkiller
- tuesdays gone with the wind
- brilliant minds listen
is gonna bring back the baumer look 
- make my way back home when i learn to fly
hope the redlegs stomp the cards
mutton chops?
the silver bullet
is looking forward to mill avenue tonight   happy friday the 13th!
102 at 9 pm?  to hot!
chipotle for lunch!
it's raining but it's still so hot!   annoyed 
- we're fated to pretend
"- open your eyes here comes a bigger part\you seek and define the answers are easy to read"
is hotter then a <propfirst> goat in a pepper patch!
- where is my mind?
"i feel sorry for the kid in this vid annoyed  http annoyed  vimeo com m # 5089426"
it's kind of like pulp fiction with economics   haha
well i shouldve been an angel but i'm to dumb to speak
"- i'm feeling rough, i'm felling raw, i'm in the prime of my life "
"- last night she said, baby i don't want to feel so down"
- ine playful erience creates curiosity 
- that girl is like a sunburn
is excited to hear the new eels album
- you know who's hot?  the cincinnati redlegs!
start class start!
- showdown in goattown
- is that a good or bad omen?
- wants a doppelganger to go to class for me 
- primus at the clubhouse?  im down 
- when is facebook gonna make a app invitation filter for our accounts?
- sunday is international talk like a pirate day!
- your actions today creates tomorrows villain 
"- and theres a flame, theres a spark, but she beat my high score "
-this friday evening has lots of potential
me gusta reggae me gusta punk rock
"- tsk tsk, these crimson tide fans just aren't giving the hogs any credit   time for the razorbacks to make a statement?"
ingtone to your cell he timed it all just right for the sparrow's first flight but i said don't fly down there the world is such a scare but he flew down anyway and got chomped like easy prey
- he timed it all just right for the sparrow's first flight but i said don't fly down there the world is such a scare but he flew down anyway and got chomped like easy prey
- wondering how your life is fairing almost makes me feel like a stalker   
is very superstitious 
- and when i'm dreamin' i know that it's okay
sugarfiend 
"- so this isn't gonna be the night that his daily horoscope comes true \he knows <propfemale> is in retrograde, but not if the <propfemale> is new"
- like this status 
"- she was a <propfemale>, and i liked red "
vienna sausages for the win!
- and she is over here and i am over there and the unlucky dark cloud is in the middle 
ahh   phoenix with a bit of rain   dandy evening chaps 
can feel the new <propfemale> coming!
feels good to be back in the postseason!  15 years is much to long of a wait!  go redlegs
brilliant!  365 days of youtube music i like 
october like arkansas in phoenix    smile 
some tenacious d on a friday morning 
is at pranksters watchin some football!
"thinks mondays should include lots of really cool e playful losions to counterbalance all the other stupid bs you have to deal with     yes, i do have a case of the mondays "
is pumped for deer tick!
"dear friday,\why are you so grueling?"
deer tick at the sail inn!!!!  closing in!  woot
at the inn waitin for deertick to come onnnnn!
omfg!  one of the best shows i've ever been to!
is watching american werewolf in london
is enjoying this nice az night
- the kind of <propfemale> that gives you chills 
my apartment got jacked      sad 
is listening to halloween oldies
- a puuurfect night!
and um   
let's talk about spaceships or anything except you and me ok?
- get the cool shoeshine!
- all i can do is write about it 
- bitter people will see a bitter end   so what's wrong with being optimistic for a change?
"- and i think of your smile, i'm in love with your teeth"
happy thanksgiving fb!  what's everyone thankful for!?
i like turtles 
- uhg     for some reason i feel like doing absolutely nothing   what a melancholy sunday
"- so, this should be intersting     post a number in my inbox and i'll tell you what i think of you "
"#93 - i think very fondly of you   as erie as it, we are alot like; minus i'm a boy and you a girl   and maybe you do worry a <propmale> bit to much   especially about the situation you're in currently in   just remember to smile more and things will start to look up"
"#25 - i really wish i could <propfemale> out with you more   we always liked each other, but even as a friend i feel extremely comfortable chatting with you   an amazing friend "
"#17 - wow did we have a childhood or what?  haha   you're a good person to be around because you make every single friend feel welcome in your life   i love you and the family, you all are something "
"#12 - i think of you as one of my closest friends    it always seems like we always end up in a rut  simotanaously    just like a pen pal, your words have"
"#13 - we had a <propmale> meeting through a friend in an extremely awkward situation   i enjoy every but of company spent with you, but i just wish we had a <propmale>"
#10 - did we have some times or what!?   to me you'll always be like a brother   the two of us together made quite the comic duo    or at least i remember lots
"#010 - i feel like you and i hardly got to know each other when our paths crossed   you're fun to be around when you're sincere, but sometimes you can be a but"
"#1989 -  in my eyes, your a pretty selfless friend    you always offer to give a hand even when it isn't  necessary   just remember to take time and have fun"
"72 - i haven't really gotten to <propfemale> with you in a while, but you always seem to have more energy than anyone around you    this plus your keen grasp on humor"
#1798 - so brilliant    you are smart and organized accompanied with a colorful and extremely friendly personality  you are just an great person to be around 
"#42 - we never really <propmale> out much, but to anyone i think its obvious that youre very intelligent  also i think you have a pretty good taste in music "
"#7864572 - did i get the number right!?   gosh     well, i think youre a developing into quite the person    i'm amazed at how easily you adapt and grow with"
"- i'm <propfirst> cringle, yes i'm the real cringle, all the other <propfirst> cringles are just there to mingle   will the real <propfirst> cringle please stand up?"
- a bitter cup of coffee never tasted so sweet 
- what a monotonous monday   
waiting on the eclipse!
"- toast, jelly, and nutella     yum"
happy new years <propfemale>!  <propfemale>ryone be safe!
go hogs!  wps!
dashboard is on soon!!!
2 a m  on the <propfemale>!
- cos the next time you feelin' kinda lonesome and blue just think that someone somewhere might be singin about you
loves feeling like a jackass   
is pumped for the say hi show tonight!
i am shamelessly hungover pushing my girlfriend off the bed!
