24b17253c87837eea477d2ede5873222
"you know   if i knew i had to do 5 chapters a week, i would have not signed up for this class  i guess i know what i will be doing for the next 5 weeks "
in spruce pine!
proud to be an owens 
"back in <propfirst>, catching up on some homework"
i will never take another 5 week course 
<propfirst> hart left me all alone  sad 
"working on projects for school, so should  i take 6 credits or 12 credits this fall? i apparently can't take 9 hours   really   i want your opinions"
ok i think i am done with homework for the night 
verizon: the new axis of evil 
yay! i'm done with my summer courses!
don't you hate it when you wake up in the middle of the night and can't go back to sleep?
i got a's in both of my summer classes  laugh 
"yay i sold my book on half com, its my first sale  laugh "
one year and no one is dead yet!
"cake has brought me two very loud <propfemale> toys in the past 10 mins, poor <propfemale> wants to play fetch but <propfirst> is sleeping    "
homework   is kinda fulfilling
tonight is my first attempt at fried chicken   lets see how this goes 
"dr phil 45 mins, homework 1hour 30 mins, world of warcraft 1 hour  dinner at 9pm and bed at 9 smile 0pm  yes i do have my off evenings planned out to the tee "
i have decided i want to open up my own cattery!
well this is depressing 
miss tumbs has returned 
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often,post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you "
"time for homework again  honestly i have put it off all week til now, that is rather unlike me "
today for my luch hour i will be reading a textbook and trying to get caught back up in my classes  *sigh*
homework   i know i am boreing   
beatings will continue until morale improves
i have recently been a victim of awesome marketing  yes i did have to have the limited edition fancy feast pink heart <propfemale> serving dish  it was free with the purchase of 28 cans!
well that was intresting 
"we got to spruce pine at 1 smile 0 this morning  mr kitten has been caught and in his carrier, i haven't gotten a good look at him, kinda don't want to "
we are back home with mr kitten  he is on 3 anitbiotics for us to try  he is however most concerned about being petted 
<propmale> sanchez will be on attack of the show on g4 network @ 7  to bad i will be in class  mr  kitten is sleeping finaly 
he is on to me   
mr kitten is using his arm a little bit to walk around! looks like he is getting better all the time   laugh 
"it is kinda funny that mr kitten was much more effective on three legs, its like he is learning to walk again on all fours  he is just hobbling along, but i am thankful he is improving  laugh "
"mr kitten went to the vet today, because of the extensive bone damage due to infection and loss of his joint we will be making a appointment soon to have his front left leg amputated   sad "
"its cold in the house, and i -love- it!"
has a trio of kitties at her feet  laugh  now the home work 
"just completely distroyed her laptop cord with a vacum cleaner, and shocked the shit out herself trying to fix it "
also learned that duct tape is infact not a fix all invention 
more bio tonight   just 5 more classes left   i can do this 
"yesterday was perfect new <propfemale>, starbucks, dinner!? tonight   research paper "
bio paper done  yay!
i am gonna work on my project paper for my business communications class 
cake is covered in glitter   
i learned a lot of things this black friday morning  (part one) 1   3 surprise 0 am is too late to get in line at best buy  2  pants are not required to be a patron of the waffle house at 3 smile 0am 3   them was workin' girls  4  workin' girls do not get to have black friday off  5  <propfirst> c  will not tolerate line jumpers 
sooo apparently my final project in business management was due 11 30 and i have not started on it yet  i can't believe i did something like that  i hope my instructor will let me turn it in late! y'all need to be praying for me please!
"i have not gotten an e-mail back from my teacher but, i am going to start that project now just in case  if she does not accept it that if fine  i will have it for next semester  always look on the bright side right?"
"got my project done, got a nap, got to work early  a crash is e playful ected to occur later this evening "
"last night was awesome i got presents and it's not even christmas yet! today on the other  hand i have homework and a project to finish, a house to clean and dinner to cook  i want an extra day!"
wow  i think she has it out for me 
wow! i have already spent a year at ecu  incredibly enough even after this semester i still have a 4 0  laugh 
i made some peanutbutter balls  now i guess i should go clean my house 
"bio class is over! last day of work, lots to do "
"looks like i can't find my jump drive, looks like i will be visiting a photo kiosk   "
"<propmale> is one of my new favorite shows  in other news, <propfirst> and i will be cleaning out the spare room tomorrow "
we had pictures made yesterday and today <propfirst> and i have cleaned out the spare room   well for the most part   now for a shower and some dinner with the fam  laugh 
so in one of my classes i must participate in second life chats  that is all good and well but it heck trying to find a computer that it will run on  my desktop is too new and my laptop lags too much   now i'am at <propfirst>'s parents house to see if it will work there   
"i forgot how much i enjoyed coding html  laugh  yeah, i am a geek "
getting a new dishwasher installed  laugh  oh   and homework 
"upgraded to windows 7, must learn yet another os"
verizon  i refuse to purchase your crappy ringtones  instead i will make my own and e-mail them to myself  ha! i've got your loop hole 
"at work, doing homework, listening to <propmale> and showgram podcasts "
"makin' chicken pot pie tonight, <propfemale> style  in other news   i gave myself my first shot  <propfirst> hart won't have to do it for me after all, well at lest not tonight "
so i guess i should work on that web project that is due sunday and that i have not started on  
"during my lunch hour i am enjoying some mellow mushroom chicken cordon blue pizza  yesterday they gave us the wrong pizza ½ bbq and half chicken cordon blue  because of the mistake we got a free pizza as well, and it was all delicious "
my husband just told me that he is not going to buy any more video games until the credit cards are paid off  who replaced my husband with a robot look alike?
i really like him's new cd screamworks: love in theory and practice 
"kilala just rolled off the window seal and on to the floor, and contuined to lay in the same postion in which she fell  cat: the unlimate in lazy "
taking a quick brake from surveys to wonder how come i always get the crazies?
i really enjoyed the une playful ected day off   but man am i going to be busy the rest of the week 
i have finished my house cleaning and now its time for some wow!
"i was going to do some homework, but instead i'm gonna play some video games  take that stressful day, i'm really sticking it to the man!"
just not enough hours in the day   
i reached level 70 yesterday with my undead warlock   and it only took me 4 years 
my hubby got a promotion  laugh 
"three years ago today was the first time <propfirst> and i went out togeather, as friends of course   "
i just passed a microsoft certifcation test in word  i needed 600pts to pass and i got 800pts  where do i pick up my cookie and gold <propfemale>?
guess i should go use that treadmill i nagged hubby about for months on end  *sighs and hangs her head as she heads off   *
"i have been on a real sailor <propfemale> kick lately  so you can imagine my thrill when i read that as of march 1, 2010, a new remastered sailor <propfemale> is back on italian  tv, which could lead to a international revival of the series "
"catching up on my spreedsheets course, and thankful for the time off to do it "
"working on more excel today, now i am only a month behind  laugh !!! thank goodness it's a self paced class and i can turn it in whenever   i hope to be done with the class by monday "
"instead of contuineing to do course work in my sleep, or rather unsleep, i have decided to get up at 3 in the morning   and you guessed it, do course work  it is more productive that way "
for all of you that have  pets inside i just got the pledge fabric sweeper for pets and it is  -amazing-! i won't have to vacum the couches every couple of days now  laugh 
"three years ago i made the easiest decision of my life, choosing <propfirst>  now the hard part is choosing what to make for dinner every night "
to whom ever in the stealing all my bandwith   quit it! i have important internet things to do  your call of duty match can wait 
coheed concert tomorrow! i am so excited 
ha! cats do indeed have belly buttons 
you should see the bags under my eyes  though poor hubby had to get up at $am yesterday morning and we got home at 4am last night   he got up at 10am and has to stay till 10pm  i suspect he is part robot by being able to function atm 
"so i thought i was bad off having not completed that website yet  i just got an e-mail from a fellow classmate asking if any one had completed projects 1,3 and 4  we only had 4 projects to do   good luck with that lady   "
finally getting some where on that web project   
calling it a night 
i guess i will go take a nap now 
"after going to bed at 10am then getting up after a 2 hour nap i have finished the website  now i just have to write a paper about it   before, oh wait the paper was due an hour ago   humm "
"a qoute from <propfirst> last night: \i would kiss you but i have been drinking\"" and i said \""i thought you were take a test\"" his reply \""i was it helps me concentrate\"""""
"woot! i got all a's in my four ecu classes, and i did not neglect a thing! except for my husband, my house, dinner, sleep and my sanity "
"theater 5 week course has began, and so has my gaming addiction, the two are not very compatible "
"<propfirst> hart: forever is a long time \myself: i'd say   "
started watching true blood season 2 last night lafayette is still alive!!!! yay!
"for the record, i'm a freakin' genius "
stupid loud storms and rain!
"just as a psa, i will not be looking my best for the next two months if i have to get up at 5ish  it is going to be pony tails headbands and wet heads "
"<propfirst> hart, danny   lets play hookie tomorrow and stay at home so we can play video games! er   i mean catch up course work   damn you 5 week courses!"
"dinner & get him to the greek with <propfirst> hart, gabe and <propfemale> tonight "
"so, trying to catch up on my course i go to read the textbook  i fell asleep twice trying to do so, both times for two hour long stretches  now this could because of the afternoon nap habit i have recently established or it could be a product of a boring textbook "
"it is going to be a lovely week  -_- thank you cat, for starting it 30 mins before it had to "
*frenzy*
"i read oedipus <propmale> for my course  i must say he is extremely dense  how many times, and in how many different ways do you have to be told you killed your father and did your mother, before in finally sinks in? come on <propmale>? really? didn’t you solve the sphinx riddle or something? i got it after the first hint and i'm a blonde "
coheed in asheville on 8 21! looks like i will be heading back to spruce pine august!
done with my 5 week course and <propfemale> is back  i also think it is <propfemale>'s birthday but i could be wrong on that  i am such a bad cousin 
"cleaning house, drinking blackberry wine and listening to pink <propmale> with <propmale> owens  it's a good day "
"can someone please install the php and wiki code manuals into my brain? k,thanx,bi"
also can someone please fumigate <propfemale>'s and my office?  four spiders one week = not cool 
"yesterday was awesome  i like being spoiled movies, lunch, new anime and a starbuck's ceramic cup that looks like a paper cup! i love my cup "
"quote of the day from <propfirst> hart: \what i do without you? i would probably shock myself and not have any waffles\"""""
clumsy wife is clumsy when she spills hot coffee on her shirt and burns herself  sweet and thoughtful husband is sweet and thoughtful when he provides the shirt off his back to clumsy wife 
<propfirst> hart: they should make doughnut flavored ice cream me: tubbies of the world unite and rejoice!
"*fun from last night* <propfirst> hart: ok name any zoo animal, elephant, me: platypus, liz: bamboo!"
comma comma comma comma comma chameleon
it would be nice if tuition reimbursement went up every time tuition did   sad 
i am devastated! i missed the universe season 5 premiere   sad 
"two years on 8 08 10  still alive, only slightly traumatized and damaged for live  sorry no refunds or exchanges "
in spruce pine  laugh 
"on the four hour car ride to spruce pine\<propmale> owens: you failed to mention you were crazy when we started dating \me: no  i mentioned it  you still love me don’t you?\thomas: a little less…\me: awww, that is going on facebook \thomas: you know what is going on my facebook?\thomas: single status \me:   sad "
coheed concert in asheville tonight!
"seeing <propfemale>, coheed concert and finding lost possessions at old house: epic win  \first day of classes: epic fail "
i'm now classified as a senior at ecu!!!  laugh 
"homework, you are mine!   after kitchen biscuit   "
it never fails in one of my online classes i always have to do a pic and a video  normally i do this at my work place after hours to avoid distraction you can see why   
don't bring you fancy logic into this house!
"praise facebook! with 15 mins to spare my video assignment is -finally- uploaded somewhere and working  blogspot   you let me down, and made me panic "
do i have to get out my crayons and color you a picture?
oh and thanks to not cooking dinner on a regular basis for the last 4 months…i’ve lost 12 pounds  sorry hubby  no soup for you 
two to three weeks without my laptop  what will i do!?  sad 
did you know that orange background color is a registered trademark? my fun size pack of reese's pieces says it is  what makes fun size fun anyway? who came up with that?
"dear sony vaio laptop, i miss you every moment we are apart  i am sorry baby  i should have treated you better  please come back to me soon "
i just had a really pleasant phone conversation from a lady at charter communications tech support  we talked about my internet connection and southern pleasantries  she was such a sweet lady 
"during my lunch break i like to ponder things like… why, when i am registering for classes i can’t seem to remember how bad taking this many classes sucked last semester?"
at what age will i stop wanting to be like the cool older kids?
my husband and his father just called me to google where a burgerking in va is  i am thinking the lack of sleep is getting to them 
i got the call that by lappy is ready to be picked up!!!  joyful  they better have a new keyboard on her or heads will roll! don't mess with momma's baby 
"i am going to have an aneurysm  they reformatted my hard\drive   "
yay! new ipod touch!
i don't think i am cut out for this 
(stolen from <propfemale>) post this as your status & see what people say: i love your _____!
guess what! i got up super early to come in and sharpen penciles for exams cus well i forgot to take them home with me  no the door is not open  but the wireless does work outside of the building rather well 
"<propfirst> mayer's battlefield studies album is beautiful, but man is it depressing "
fuck you october  fuck you hard 
"i apparently just hacked the coke machine, 1 dr  pepper, 1 mellow yellow and 2 diet cokes  goodbye october  hello november!"
hello <propfemale> post-it notes make me happy 
"please excuse the following rant:  dear little bastards that broke into my car, if i find out who you are, your ass is mine "
"i really should be reading that book, it's just so boring i want to cry  60 pages in and it's still just a man ranting about the way things are designed  which might be useful if it was still the 1970's  after all a few things have changed in 40ish years   rant"
i think i have a spider bite  lovely  dexterthon tonight with hubby 
haircut is not really what i wanted  gonna try again today i think  annoyed 
movies tonight with hubby  friday's yay!!!
"oh and key gremlins can you stop messing with my key ring? it’s not funny anymore, put it back "
"tomorrow is final exam day at ecu and at cccc  i think the two schools get together to conspire against me, so that i get no sleep and stress way to much the night before "
<propfemale> christmas!!!
just one of them days   
my poor little cake   
if you want this marriage to work you better stop talking bad about zooey deschanel! - <propmale> owens
this is not a romantic comedy  it's an action movie  you lied to me!
i am considering a rubber stamp with colorful phrasing 
<propmale> owens - the only person i know with a sense of humor as sick and twisted as my own  ?
i need angry coheed music to keep me awake!
i've been watching top shot on history all day  what is wrong with me?
"i hacked the coke machine again  1 dr pepper, 1 diet coke and an orange fanta   "
i hate it when they give me sweet tea that is really unsweet tea *huff*
i discovered why i was enthralled with top shot season one: <propfirst> bachand - geek that knows his way around weapons  cus you know that is not suppose to be scary at all 
"no  this is not your place, this is not playground its my heart  - this coheed moment brought to you by 'we are juggernaut' "
"iphone 4   march 22nd  jenn is stepping into the land of smart phones and texting, prepare yourself "
"<propfemale> hart owens loves me and wants to me to be happy, thus i have a homemade chili for lunch  noms   joyful "
"while at work i like using hello <propfemale> post-it notes, glitter pens and listening to bad pop music "
<propfirst> hart had a mcgriddle this morning  my fasting self is insanely jealous 
"live from my iphone! yes, my iphone  i am cool now "
i could be at home enjoying my online gaming  instead i am still sitting at the pharmacy  come on people stick the stickers on my prepackaged meds  oh but at least i have an iphone i can use to complain any where in the works at anytime! i love my iphone!  laugh 
excited about the new addition!
i forgot my iphone at home  sad  this makes me sad 
