14c026f772d3d43bea0d2bc418e721f2
is it legal to kill pidgeons?
"i can now legally drive, thats scary eh?"
"saw ant and dec in the pub yesterday, yes ants forehead really is that big "
"just finished a 5 mile run in 38 mins, which was nice "
"all i can hear now is my tinitus, fucking good gig tho  it was even better when i got my shoe back!"
"i'm in the market for a vw mk4 golf, does anyone know anybody thats selling one?"
"misplaced your values, forgot being the importance of being right, don't sit there and act humble, i've heard your story a thousand times, no trust, all i got is lies, boring, alright,"
"have car, will travel!"
is finally back online!!
should i go to the post office now or later       
just been to the post office!!it was amazing can't wait to go back!!
i just made the best cup of tea ever  fact  gutted its finished now  sad 
"just had toast for lunch, now watching the unit and drinking a cup of tea "
has just been for a shower and is feeling awsome 
has a sore back 
is sitting on his huge leather sofa getting high on spray paint fumes 
just saw a guy getting dressed on the bus! wtf not what i want to see first thng in the morning 
deftones fuckin rule 
"is going to cornwall, magic!"
new tail lights on and looking supa fly!
"just back from a festival show, <propmale> kier at the <propmale> oak  fantastic "
can't wait till he goes to crete  gonna need the rest by then        
"has had an absolute fucking disaster of a day  till fucked first thing this morn, car ate £290 @ the garage needs more work too, so understaffed couldnt do what he needed too, suppliers fucking me about, asshole customers, holiday: flights cancelled again!, sink @ home leaking, computer slow as shit, theres prob more that i cant remember just now, but i can take it "
"is fucked    \cleaning the brass at bierex at 1 in the morning is harder than i thought"
"lothian buses have 8 point posters up in princes st instructing tourists how to use the buses,good work, except they leftout point 9: on arrival at stop ignore all the people queing and stand at the front and 10: when the bus arrives it's everyman for himself "
of all the cars in all of the streets they had to be sick on mine 
"is at the country manor in cornwall, see you in a week "
just had a blast from the past       spice girls you are far to amazing      true musical genius !!!
i've just been fraped  thanks eilidh 
may 'god' have mercy on the goods of people that have pissed off shop workers 
"i don't like it anywhere, but it's normally on the chair or the floor "
"tired, very tired, thanks to the arseholes having a house party till 4 smile 0  then starting again at 8 smile 0 "
took the 'this is my edinburgh' quiz and scored 60%  why don't you? - http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=145378558815919
"roof caved in at work today  awsomeness  someone could have died, but they didn't, so it was cool  wonder how much will still be there tomorrow?"
"met <propmale> cant today, was looking forward to chatting but got interupted by a customer and he left  damn "
just walked past some wee hibs neds looking for some hearts fans to fight  just cos their team is shit and got beat  again  get over it  this is one of the reasons i hate football 
"is it just me that doesn't give a shit about anything to do with the x factor?! honestly why do people care, they'll be forgotten about by this time next year "
finally it snows in edinburgh!
"this is the most exciting bus journey ever, going sideways, slipping downhill towards parked cars,  all with the pedal to the metal! love it!"
"the smell of the city in the grip of winter storms: bacon rolls, coffee, burnt rubber and wasted clutches        "
good deed for today: dug a people carrier out a snow embankment  just watched a guy totally dingy an other motorist stuck in the car park  are we not supposed to be helping each other out?
"anyone who buys the <propmale> cardle single is a fuckin mug  biffy only released that single months ago  screw cowell, anything but this pish at no1 "
"it's a sad state of affairs when the best thing on, over 200, channels is bbc best young fishmonger of the year "
where's everybody getting this snow? i've been in town all day and not seen any apart from a bit of sleet this morning 
great snow again  that'll be me clearing the car park when i get to work then! can i get away with being 'snowed in'?
it's only dangerous if you don't appreciate how dangerous it really is 
happy easter!
'' i'm going out for a while so i can get high with my friends'' old feeder is class!
here we go again 
did anyone else see me in lothian rd yesterday?
stupid weather      
"<propmale> from inme first solo single, not my usual cup of tea but this is sounding good \http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=kcsfflhij0e&feature=youtube_gdata_player"
you know you've played too much guitar when you realise it's 1 smile 0am and you've got a blistered finger      
"<propmale> mcpherson, what a voice  how do you play guitar and sing like that? genious  £7 50 well spent "
