7b85c6b3981722882b271c82ca2c732e
necronomicon 
the dik niksons ant to book some shows for this month any word contact me here or e-mail gsteadman@ymail com
i'm ssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 
"i hate working 8-6pm, probably later "
bored  again  shit 
"ah, shit "
"oh, boy its a wonderful day "
"the next time you find yourself lost in the wallpaper don't scream, don't panic and don't fear, it's only wallpaper "
such a beautiful day 
so who wants to chill today? 589-7679 
whispers through the object world gone on for so long  now there's ghosts in the machine 
ummm mowing the lawn before it rains again 
waiting for something to do 
going to stcc hopefully signing up for classes with no problems 
bored as always 
2+2=5
"ugh   boredom and no job, ultimate bummer "
tired 
colt  45
work 9-5 
"going out job hunting for second job join me if you feel, i'll either be walking around ludlow or somewhere in springfield "
showa 
madness is the human condition 
hunting for the elusive job 
hampton beach??
hob junting 
juidicial slime
bored 
finally the metal comes out of my face!
"bumming around till 2pm then work then, chillen "
i hate the fact that i woke up at 7 to 80 degree weather 
work 9-5 
uhhh     bored looking for a job 
goodbye stranger
who the fuck are you?
   i fucked up  sad 
"guitar the lawn, then death "
"the wrong time, the wrong place our smiling face of distrust buried, the sand deep in all our hands prepared ourselves for the fall"
festa most likely
bored  call me 
"first day of class, it's gonna  be boring "
out of class already looking for some cool cats to chill with
i feel    extreme 
"fucked, my back is fucked "
starting class #3
motion 3 designing and animating motion graphics 
carnicon
possibly strep throat   
does one truly see?
best day of school ever 
work 9-7 
facebook helps you connect and shave with people in your life 
i have a moustache 
teach children to worship satan! haha
work 10pm-6pm 
why the fuck is it snowing?
the seed 
chlamydia   yeah i think i'll name my daughter that    chlamydia   
"just got home from school i had a test, left and my other class was cancelled strange "
i can finally sign into facebook
watching psycho in class 
please do not send me game requests i ignore them 
work 
just got out of work
the people tell me they want to see adopted kittens thrown off roof's  it shall be done!
"i'm pretty sure i broke my ankle at brains yesterday, the swelling didnt go down over night, nor did the pain go away in the slightest i will probably be at the hospital later, i'mm gonna take some pictures and post them "
fuck leaves!
check the photos of my ankle
something   some   thing   is on    the   wing 
just turned in my project and now leaving because my prof  rules!
so fucking bored 
i think i have the flu 
fucking zombies!!! oh shit!!
the colors duke    the colors!
dumb ducks dance down deli stairs 
dadgad
really fucking ripshit 
what a fucking bad start to a good day 
yeah work tomorrow finally!
fuck 'em 
fuck 
happy thanksgiving
l??
partay!
voltron : defender of the universe 
oooooooooooooooooooooo shower!
wot's    uh the deal
i have the power!
class from 1:45pm to 4pm 
thought he was a man   
"i am the stone, you are the stone, the most unnatural self erosion "
holy shit its a bald-headed bear!
the masses are spinning and aiming waiting to shit on us 
the fiendish codex  it's coming are you prepared?
league of legends 
first final today
last 2 finals here we go   
our bodies drain and fortify the soil of a global concentration camp  to escape is to lie ostracized  the breathing abortion  i am the stone  you are the stone  the most unnatural self-erosion  i will leave no imprint on life or progression  you will leave no imprint on life or progression  we are the barricade -codc
your the definition of lame 
correction! you are the definition of lame 
<propfemale> chirtmas everyone and bah hum bug 
what the fuck 
bored 
out and about looking for a job 
<propfemale> tired 
mmm mmm good 
yeah its my birthday!
who wants to go to the bar?
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes
ugh groggy start this morning 
ha ha bubblegum
he's going to make you gargle mayonnaise     nooogghhh 
"dear dominoes, your pizza tastes like a fart made it with a pulp mill "
"you ain't got no style, motherfucka "
frostbite conditions outside    awesome 
fucking block 
i feel horrible 
its sanitary and i like the taste
pissed off for no reason
fucking awesome day!
fuckin' lazy bones 
starcraft!!!
"i broke the usb port on my external hard drive, i guess i have to order a new case   "
your as useful as a pecker on the pope 
"i just upgraded to adobe master collection cs4, and saved myself $2,996 dollars "
blah 
"i fell down the stairs today and everybody laughed, no one bothered to help "
the roaster rocked last night 
balls to the walls 
"sooo, i show up to school an hour and a half early to start some work, only to find out that my teachers aren't coming in "
i hate rain 
"balls to the walls, nose to the grindstone "
wtf!? its a god damned blizzard outside 
i think my account has been hacked
 can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail?a smile from a veil?do you think you can tell?
agoraphobic nosebleed has the best lyrics of all time 
"lets stay awake, up all night long, singing songs "
it's such a fucking awesome day!
"finally getting somewhere with this midterm paper, quick the read i should publish it "
i have a fever    wtf?
dr lipshitz
just had the best jam of my life
it's gonna be a nice day!
i hate having allergies 
doing work around the house 
why are floating  bridges fucking assholes?
i got a b+ on my midterm paper 
i do not fucking play farmville stop sending me shit!
working in the rain 
my neighbor's garage e playful loded    this is a true story 
man what a bad day 
it's finally friday  smile  i'm so happy!
aaahhhhh
jamming away
sometimes i wish i could fly to the <propfemale>
everything is on fire
"class until 12, then cleaning, then moving "
my new cell phone number is as follows-1413 455-8168  now i need your number 
i have a lot of unpacking and rearranging to do this week 
<propfemale> in <propfemale> had a <propfirst> rambo so pumped with hgh he sweat steroids and crapped jawbones 
an error occurred 
anybody know how to program a storm chaser gampad for ps2?
going to the bank
working 9-2 then who knows  if anyone is going to amherst today i get home around 3 i would love to go 
"i wish i was gifted with something so fucking lame that it makes me <propmale>, like beauty "
fucking bored 
"whoever is trying to call and message my phone i dont have any minutes for now call 949 2353, and ask for me "
i'm freaking out 
working 9-2 oh yeah!!!!
writing some new material
hmm a little bummed i guess   
"   we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year   "
the phone is working 
fire at brains
bed early work early  text if you must 
i feel like i'm dieing from this heat 
hmmm work 
kleingeld
coniminonicon
wwwwwwwwwwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
attention!: if you have been near me in the past 24 hours you may wake up to find yourself violently vomiting everywhere 
i'm alive !!!
i think i'm going to make my own show where i bash the hell out of modern hollywood  on youtube 
just finished my final paper now im going to bed im beat
somethings still wrong with me
pokemon platinum
work
"ahh, it's beautiful outside today!"
shower 
sleep yes 
i think i'm going to clean my room
got the <propmale> ripping
i dont have any minutes
"why don't you have anything to drink, choose one making you better feeling "
wead
peace 
hi-ho hi-ho its off to work i go
hmm what to do until 3 o clock?
the rhino is a rollin in
the ultimate farmers tan
yeah i dont have the internet anymore so i can't be contacted   balls
the internet!!!! yay!
wangmania
i can't stop throwing up : (
<propmale> quaid 
jamming out 
cleaning
passing out 
spilling all that i need to thrive 
he pc is running im using it now
awesome rain storm
blammo
"wtf? i go onto youtube to liten to some music when i see this add sayin \friend bp on youtube\"" friend bp? you've got to be fucking kidding me  i even took a screen shot """
"life is hard, and you die  get over it "
"i'm going to bed, got work in the a m  peace "
"something to\ ponder! depression is not a signof weakness  it is a sign that you \have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status \if you know someone who has oryou have had depression  will you do \it and leave it on your statusfor at least       an hour  most \people won't!!!"
"early to bed, early to rise"
going out to lunch
finally out of writers block
i am the stone  i will drag you down 
bling bling
baby if i could change the world
workin
dont think ill have the internet anymore as of tomorrow
my internet is getting shut off at some point no idea of how i'll get in touch with people 
hmm someone should come and bring me to ludlow   
"i guess we have some attitude problems, i guess we're going to have to terminate you "
wawawawawawawawa
meh 
this is now i cannot change tomorrow if i can't change today 
i done cut my brother in half with a machete
"yeah thats my drumma, the guy from foghat"
haha working soon
anyone have a truck i could borrow to move?
settling back into ludlow  smile 
what a nice day
blah
going to bed
what a great day to have off
i'm your passenger   
mowing the lawn
lol
big e tonight
i feel so weak 
just got out of work now to eat something
got to mow the lawn
i have no idea where i am
stay strong bros   
ugh i feel like a zombie
"i got no sleep, now i have to go to work awesome "
out of work earlier than e playful ected 
my back is in so much pain
falcor!!!!!!!!!!!
"i know the pieces fit, 'cause i watched them fall away"
"there are no stars in the sky, no wishes for the believing eye"
"tempted by the sins of life, the pleasures of lust with wild imaginings that you can't discuss oh, the flesh is weak, its a struggle for peace it's a daily conflict between man and beast we, strive for god, and a better tomorrow still suffering, from the unforgettable sorrow repent from thy sins, son, and walk ye straight stop talking all that trash boy, and talk ye straight - rza"
"breathe now\ it's in the wind that we give and take \they never really have us if we just keep breathing"
just moved in half of my stuff time to unpack!!!
watching sleepwalkers
i just had the best lunch at tebos 
mad bored someone should come out here and spend some time with me  smile 
so tired i think i'm gonna hit the hay  goodnight all 
i lost my cell phone again   
yo someone help me
ugh  work   
black ops!!!!
pennies
"so ya thought ya might like to go to the show to feel the warm feel of confusion and that space cadet glow  tell me is something eluding you sunshine? is this not what you e playful ected to see? if you wanna find out what behind these cold eyes, you'll have to claw through the disguise "
i guess its about lunch time
im super fucking pissed
2 four lokos deep    blew a 0 06
great i still have a fever of 100
im so sick i guess ill try to make it tp work
trying to find a ride
i can't stop coughing    i want to rip my lungs out 
why the hell is the high for today 86 degrees?
moving!!!!!
under the sea 
balls
i have an itch in my hand its under the skin and its driving me insane
and its off to work i go   
"dammit <propfemale>, fuck you!"
"meh, off to work  by off i mean walking in freezing weather for an hour and a half "
shower
"i was on my way to work when blam!!! i threw up all over myself   great, new shoes may be ruined "
"my computer has been infected with a virus system tool 2011, watch out for it, and if anyone knows how to fix please let me know i can't even use any programs not even the internet this sucks "
well i have given up on fixing my laptop for now im just gonna chill and calm down by watching a movie
woo i over came the virus!!!!
my stomach has the rumblies that only hands can satisfy 
"i am having a great time with some really great friends, this is awesome "
the silence is deafening
little orcs    marghh tree!? i am no tree!
dont know what to do with myself
at verizon wireless!!!
oh so bored   
balls deep 
is this the beginning of the end ? don't know how we lost control   
fuck me!?
jets ftw!!!!!
ugh 
"i'm sinking in this swamp, where all my fears have become real "
i guess there is a meth epidemic in the u s  among teenagers 
thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!
"we come from the land of the ice and snow,\from the midnight sun where the hot springs blow \the hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new lands,\to fight the horde, singing and crying: valhalla, i am coming!"
steelers ftw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
admiral <propmale> now 101 proof fantastic 
mur   der   ?
promoting synergy
fucking miserable  sad 
