7f820422b8b1d15eb93f5d97549183b9
"i hate riding the buss!!!!!! this little \thing\"" keeps sitting by me even though there are like 10 seats open and the teacher yelled at me just because i wouldn't move over   """
last ep of shugo <propfemale> comes out on friday at 8pm
so feakin board!!!
"ok i had a key fumble   i am human <propfemale>, garsh"
dooom!!!!
idk wat anime to watch someone give me an idea!!!!!
one more thing to luv about braces cutting you cheaks when you sleep   
<propmale> playin n64 games for a couple days to get a new perspective on wii games and so far its working
ow ow ow mouth in pain t^t
i just got an ebuddy my user is anime_girl_1200 if ju wana add me
on the way back to class after lunch i was talking with <propfemale> and just slaped her on the shoulder in a friendly way and some freakin fat midget teacher follows me in the room and starts yelling at me and didn't even let me e playful lain  i was so freakin mad and thats only one of the teachers that yelled at me for no good reason 2day mr f and mama e  even made me mad   
20q was fun 2day
goin to the hefner vs  cooper game 2night at capps game starts around 7 if any1 wants 2 come
my fingers are numb
waaaaaaaaaah~ t^t my garage dore hates me!!!! it wouldn't open when i put the code in so i had to sit outside for 30 mins till my mom came home and let me in it was cold and now i can't feel my face   
my toilet speeks to me <(o o)>
just finished macross frontier  ending wasn't as epic as i thought it would be   
jaraiya just died in naruto shippuden t^t it's so sad!!!!!
"every one in my mafia, mafia wars is acting funny so if it doesn't work don't kill your computer!!!!!!"
"if you sined the patishion thing at skewl today and your afraid of getting in trouble just relax!!!!!!!!!!! if you've listened to anything your history teacher said about the constitution you should know that sineing it was just freedom of speach and if you did or didn't agree with #4 thats freedom of religion so just calm down, change your pants, and relax "
if being abnormal doesn't hurt anyone then why would it be a bad bad thing?
just got my braces tightened new colors are dark and light blue 
remember to thank every veteran you see this weak for everything they've done for our country!!!!!!!!!(*cough cough*and band is gona pwn in the asembly on friday  *cough cough wink 
i stupid you all suuuuuu much!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i pwned a 6th grade claranet player on the buss 2day, he was left speechless and my friends and i were lafing so hard that my eyes were watering"
"i hope everyone had a great thanksgiving! thurs my mom uncle and i went down to texas to visit some family, my cousin and i somehow ended up watching naruto shippuden on her labtop  fri more family came over and ate taco soup with us  one of my cousins that came has a baby who is so freakin cute  laugh   after they left my mom and i watched monk and white collar only one more episode of monk and then it's gone forever dx "
i'm now an <propfirst> <propmale> fan (d gray-man) 
i'm gona smell like a goat tonight!!!!!!!!~
just finished reading d gray-man ch  189  the next chapter isn't out yet and it's realy makeing me mad cus i wana read it now!!!!!!!
attention all inuyasha fans!!!! the inuyasha anime is starting a new season!!!!! season one of inuyasha - the final act has ten episodes out right now and a new episode is added every saturday at hulu com!!!!
woohoo~ the dance was epickly awsom and sonoko almost died laughing 20million times!!!!!!
<(t_t)> itachi just died   
i almost died at church   
woohoo just got back from the orthodontist (probly didn't spell that rite   ) new colors are green and red  now there are springs in my mouth!!!!!!
"no more skewl!!!!!!!!!!!! yayayayay can't wait for all the fun things this weak and i hope everyone has a great christmas, honica, quanza or watever you selabrate!!!!! (i probly spelled half of those words rong   )"
just got back from my baby cusin's b-day parteh he just turned 1!!!!!!!
last night i was helping my mom make our traditional family cheese ball  i got to use a realy big knife!!! (heeheeheeheehee sharp objects)
last night i had a realy weird dream  the rio grande was in europe and i found a nickle  but when i woke up there was no nickle    t^t
"last night my mom, sis, and i made some pies  i got to use more sharp things muahahahaha!!!!!"
peep peep <propfirst> <propmale>!!!
2day when i got home from skewl a cat ran by me and i spazed   o o
some1 spiled milk on me at lunch and then some1 els breathed in my mouth during math   it didn't taste good   and it was another girl   *shudders*
today was the first flex fantastic friday  mama e didn't realy like the idea in the first place and she got some kids from sixth grade that weren't even in band so at the end of the day i asked her if she had fun  all she gave me was the death stare of eiland
today i found 4 pennies and a quarter!!! i was happy  laugh 
trying to teach my mom how to play <propfirst> cart wii didn't realy work    
sometimes i wish i had a tail so that when i was happy i could wag it   
today on the way to the buss a snowflake somehow found its way up my right nostril  it was cold   
just got back from sining up for highskewl!!! on the way back i had a realy big spaz attack and couldn't stop laughing
just got back from band practice and a lot of weird stuff happened   
pennies smell like pennies
mr  tweetums will destroy all discarded pizza crusts!!!!! muahahahahaha!!!!!!
i can't stop sneezing this morning and i bit my tongue tt^tt
it feels like i've been crying all day  clannad is a realy sad anime tt^tt
we got all ones in contest!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and for all of ju pl who don't know about the contest system that means we got a perfect score!!!!!! (<propmale> was so happy that he started crying) and on another more random note a mustash can be stepped on  laugh 
today on the way home from the buss stop i was listening to the birds when i heard the cry of a baby northern mocking bird  baby birdies means that spring's finaly coming!!!!!!!!!
straws don't make good chopsticks   
"just saw <propfemale> in wonderland, it was awthom!!!!!!!! and i got me a wooden sword!!!!!!!!!"
i was reading claymore (a manga were there are a lot of monster like things) and my mom randomly hugs me and she had a black jacket on  because most manga are in black and white most of the monsters were black  i jumped and my mom laughed at me   
"april 1st is finaly hear!!!!!!!! happy birthday to sakura, kimihiro, shaoran and <propfemale>!!!!!!"
neon   hehehe   
when i got home there was a fuzzy spider on the key pad  it was huge!!!!!!(that's what she said *cough cough wink  there were no sticks to poke it with so i was sad   in the end it went squish 
i huged all my azn buddehs that i could find 2day even if they didn't like it  laugh !!!! mama e shoulda seen that comin!!!!!
eng class ish so freakin fun!!!!!!!
i sat on my mom's grilled cheese sandwich and it burned my leg 
the cry of the frogs rings loud behind my house as spring goes on
hurray for the toaster i look and stare at it!!!!!
according to sonoko i am a very couchey sofa 
last night i watched the new ep of <propfemale> wars the clone wars and kept spazzing because it had a lot of original <propfemale> wars history  then i watched the blind side and it was awthom!!!!!!
congrats to <propfemale> for making color gard!!!!!!!
fire 90?pose!!!!!!!! e playful losion!!!!!!!!
last night i was watchin tv when my mom screamed  there was a lil baby frogy and he was so freakin cute!!!!(my mom didnt think he was   )
im hungry someone go make me a samich!!!!!!!!
on ninja warz i just performed an appendectomy!!!!!!!!!!!! (appendix removal)
the hamsters they are invading!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhh~
curse whoever damaged the pipeline at hefner!!!!!!!!!!!!! no ac all day at skewl!!! sevendy freakin nine degrese!!!!!!!! *rolls over and dies*
just watched mj's this is it and luved it
just finished vacuuming my room and now the carpet is fluffy!!!!!
just finished neon <propfemale> evangelion      it is one of the most confusing and deep anime that i have ever watched      my head now hurts -_-
just got home from first day of vbs and had a lot of fun  almost all the kids in my class are blonde  theres one little girl named <propfemale> and she gave me lots of hugs shes so freakin cute!
2day at vbs i was mrs  how    (7th grad math teacher) when we were singing with the kids she was doing the motions and it was very funny  one of the little boys rand into a piller at full speed and i couldnt help laughing  laugh 
baby frogies r so freakin cute!!!!!!!
calendar girls is an awthom movie
i will never understand fashion   
i watched sherlock holmes last night and it was so epic!
about to go c toy story 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so happeh~
i was born on my birthday
after conditioning <propfemale> we were waiting for our rides we found a little kitten stuck in a tree  it was so freakin cute but it got scared and <propfemale>t all the way up the tree  we couldnt c it after that   
omg aliens r invading <propfemale>!!!!!!
im goin to camp 2moro and wont b bak til sunday
friends are like potatoes  if u eat them they die
"i just searched \cute\"" on flair and one of the first things that showed up was <propfirst> bieber kissing a beluga wale   i feel sorry fore that wale"""
"tingle, tingle, kooloo-limpah! these are tingle's magic words  don't steal them!"
"pardon me, sir gangster, but i believe your trousers are descending "
i 4got to post it yesterday but   hey saxes yesterday was sunday u no wat that means!  laugh 
survied my first day of highskewl (i have first lunch)
im so freakin exited about 2moro!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ima b yellin at all my peoples that b goin to north and ima eat me some <propfemale> and other stuffs to get me all exited and hyperlike so u best b prepared!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i luv u guys so muuuuuuuuuuuch!!!!!! love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love 
"last night was so much fun!!! i kept my word and was screamin at all of my pcn buddies even though u guys didnt even hear me and <propfemale> the n band was marching i tried to find some of u  i found sonoko real easy sense she was in the pit playing so awsomelike, i saw my buddie <propfemale> ownin her rifle in the rifle line, and i think i saw <propfemale> and aldin atleast once using their awsome flute skills"
today was 70's day at skewl so i brought my hippy glasses (if u went to cooper you know wat they are)  there were a lot of pl who thought that they were sun glasses    and apparently the north band is going to hawaii  ?
that other 0 1% of household germs must be tough  like mutant ninja supervillian tough  someone should really look in too that!
"ufos have been sited over <propfemale> sense june   \i gess we know where not to run when we get invaded o o"
everyone were purple 2moro or die!!!!!!!!!!!! (plz)
all saxes r fruits and im a banana
moo!!!!!!! bomb rocks!!!!!!!
i randomly want a chocolate cupcake with bluegreen frosting and chocolate sprinkles - -
i have desided to rewatch the entire dragon ball sieries and so far i cant stop laughing at the cheesy lines in episode one  laugh 
"a frigin gnat keeps flying in front of the computer and every time i try to kill it, it flies into the dark!!!!!!!!! (ima kill that son of a nut cracker    - -\ )"""
"\mai i think we have a problem\""\",7f820422b8b1d15eb93f5d97549183b9,just saw <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows pt 1 and it was awsome!!!!!!(r i p  to 2 specific caracters not gona say who cus i dont want any spoiler info ;p)
"\goku wedding isn't a food!\"" -chichi"""
"just got bak from my aunts house and i finaly got to sit at the adult table!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so happeh~ and in the middle of eating we randomly started talking about horror, zombie and slasher movies   "
i just cleened my mouth piece and i 4got how black it was b4 it was covered in dry dead skin and spit o o
"my mom was trying to cut a wire and was having a hard time  i told her to let me try so she handed me the wire cutters  it still wouldn't cut so i looked at the cutters and said \mom these are wire strippers not cutters \"""""
"went 2 the orthodontis and ur supost 2 brush ur teeth b4 they do their stuff  i walked over 2 the brushing station got 1 of their disposible brushes and used the pump that usualy had mouth wash in it  i started brushing my teeth and noticed that it tasted funny   on the mirror next 2 me there was a sign that said \prepasted brushes just wet and use\"" i then relized that i had washed my mouth out with soap    - -"""
"\screw the rules i have money \"" - kaiba"""
were out of salsa and i want some dx im so sad    tt^tt
*< smile {) its <propfemale>!!!!!
im not weird im limited edition
"on the way home i got barked at by some big puppies it scared me o o i was like \oh snaps those is some big puppehs!!!!\"" they were so~ cute  smile """
waking up at 7am isnt the funest thing on a saturday morning   
ok i dont mind if people want to anser questions about me in an app but try not to spam my wall with them plz its getting kind of iritating
"\i swear to god i will kill you all when i evolve \"" -majicarp"""
why does it seem like every time i were a hat at least 5 people have to grab it or knock it off my head?
\we looked and couldn't find any of your friends \,7f820422b8b1d15eb93f5d97549183b9,\the lonesome devil is a fool \,7f820422b8b1d15eb93f5d97549183b9,"i just went to wallmart and there was this old lady   she scared me o o   she had this tight jacket on with feathers around the coller, and skiny jeens tucked into her black cowboy boots  none of it matched and she looked like she thought she was all that and a bag of chips  she also reminded me of jeena from <propfirst> lopez - -"
"\my school is so geto we went to walmart for a field trip\""-chuggaaconroy"""
"cleaned my room and living room, vacumed both (was board)"
"\the dango god is the god of dango  he is the one absolute god who reigns over the world!\"" -ferris"""
i hated that cave! i thought a bear ate my leg but it wasn't my leg  it was somethin else 
was having issues with spirit tracks but hopes that they can be solved today 
"just went to orthodontist new colors are black and blue, and got my first ruberband dx sad face  then i went to walmart and there was this dude who looked a lot like mr  casaday and it kinda freaked me out "
goin bak 2 skewl was strange 2day   everyone had a new hair style and tray was back(yay!)
"\do the la la la\"" -koriboh yu-gi-oh abridged"""
"do not think, feel  thinking is like the finger pointing at the <propfemale>  if you look at the finger you miss all the <propfemale> of the heavens "
last night i had a dream that i hurt my foot and had to be in a wheel chair but nobody cared and all the bathrooms were upstairs  there were no elevaters and i had to pee realy bad dx
i want my dad to go bak to work cus hes eatin all the cookies!!!!!! dx
"just watched nausicaa of the valley of the wind, one of miyazaki's most epic movies ever!!!!!!!!!  laugh  and i'm also exited about the new pokemon movie on saturday  laugh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (yes i know i'm a nerd just deal with it  playful )"
"\if you see a stranger follow them \"" -<propmale> (cowboy bebop episode 11)"""
just finished cowboy bebop and watched cowboy bebop the movie  it was awthom
"if you were to turn into a snake tomorrow, and began devouring humans, and from the same mouth that you devoured humans, you cried out to me, \i love you \""\",7f820422b8b1d15eb93f5d97549183b9,slower than a redarded snail lugging a retarded turtle through extra-crunchy peanut butter  laugh 
"hippopotamus is a fun word to say  laugh  (idk if i spelled it rite or not o o\)"""
im so ninja i didn't even have to move to dodge that  laugh 
2moro is international pokemon day  laugh  exitement!!!!!!!!!
square enix brand hair gell ftw!!!!!!!  playful 
<propmale> is still in rehab 
just watched the latest episodes of bleach and naruto shipp   im not a happy camper    ichigo's hair is short again and danzo has a sharingan?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! anger!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and i swear if anyone says that danzo is realy obito ima kill u even if you've read the manga and it's true! i will freakin erase your existence!!!!!!!!!!! and once again im a nerd so just deal with it  playful 
it's sad when a 4 year old can sing better and with a lower voice than <propfirst> bieber  playful 
on the way home from the buss i saw a pregnancy test in the street   i didn't check to see if it was positive - -
i watched <propfemale> and it brought back so many memories t^t
"i have never had sex, smoked weed or drank or got in trouble wit the cops put this as your status & whoever likes this thinks you're lying! (i'm curious)"
"after dinner i played okami for a few hours without saving    \the game froze t^t"
"just watched rango  it was funny and as the kid in the back row said \shoot that snake!\"""""
why does everything i want to do involve money?t^t (okamiden is the #1 thing i'm thinking about)
i has the bestest mommy <propfemale>!!!!!!!! she went to the store to buy food and when she came bak she handed me somethin that made me sooooo~ frigin happeh  laugh  she got me okamiden!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now i probly wont b online for a while  laugh  i luv u mommy!!!!!!!
blueberry
"happy birthday to sakura, watanuki, syaoran, and all the other anime characters who's birthday is 2day  laugh  (yes i is nerd)"
"the new <propfemale> wars the clone wars was like really \whoa\"" last night o o  the show is slowly getting darker and some of the stuff on it makes me think \""it's not adultswim yet\"" like when that guy fell on the spike i was like \""thats awsome but its kinda early cus of lil kids \"" but i still really liked it  laugh """
