f818f26bc256621b722bd1118f4e24e4
so its a new year and it feels the same 
life sucks when your as cool as me lol
dear friends and family    i have a series problem!   im addicted to vampire wars!!!
i hate being sick it sucks monkey balls!!!
love is a double sided blade  if you push to hard you risk hurting those you love  if you let it be push to hard you risk losing your self  its only true when its pushed and pulled the same 
wtf i cant sleep to save my life!!!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
tattoo's are fun!!! i just got my second one and it tickled lol
why is every one i know making them selfs disney or cartoon network characters? please some one tell me!!! why!!! lol
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday, december 6, there should be no human faces on facebook, but a stash of memories  this is a campaign to eliminate violence against children "
if love had a name it would be yours love 
ok people im a huge believer in true love  but because of every thing that is going on in life right now  part of me dosen't any more so if you would if you believe in true love comment on this status why you do please and thank you 
"i am nothing more then a man, doomed for the rest of the world to see, who was given wings just to fall, who had love walk on by, with out words even to speak, come and watch my soul fade from my eye's, for that is all what is left for this man, who stands before you now"
"the last time i saw your face it was but a dream, i wish that dream was my life, so i could see your lovely eye's, say the words i dream to speak, to my love to whom i dream, i dream of dreams in my dreams what is left of my love?"
"if things didnt suck every now and then  you wouldnt know what to be happy for  so if life was all ways good, you would never be happy "
i know the meaning of christmas its the first seasons of lost! lol
im never lost im exactly where im suposed to be 
i think the ghost of christmas past has cleaned my slate!!!
<propfemale> christmas every one!!!
i found some old year books and now i miss a lot of people!
watching my fish staring at me as if they wanted to kill me 
i'm a stupid bitch         fabu love
"early one morning in the middle of the night, two dead boys showed up to fight, back to back they faced eachother, drawed their swords and shot eachother, a deaf policeman heard the noise, and came and killed the two dead boys, if you don't believe this lie is true, ask the blind man he saw it too "
love is music from the heart and soul  more you play it louder it gets for all to hear  if you bottle it up it gets lost forever
i have not sleeped yet and i just drunk two cups of coffee!!!  joyful  im good for the day ahead!
so im on 7 cups of coffee now and i have to say im doing a whole lot better now (o_<) don't mind that its just my twitchy eye  lol
i need sugar and lots of coffee!!!
another sleepless night -_- zz
my a d d has a d d so it doesn't always bother me because its to busy chasing butterflies 
i think im going to go for the record for most days staying up im on 3 all ready  does any one know what the world record for staying up is?
so i want to brake the world record for staying up  the record is 11 days or 264 hours  now i just have 2 find a way to do it and not die 
what happens in the front room stays in the front room!!! will and youtube lol
a fact of life: after monday and tuesday even the calender says w t f
watching the state of the union wondering if obama knows what he's saying is b s  or if he's just that ignorant 
"for those how love, love for life  for those how live, live to love  for those how hope, hope for love to live "
you never know where lifes going to take you  so take life by the hand and show it where to go 
if you could have any thing what would it be?
so this year is the year of the rabbit and i think it’s the year of the poor rabbit that became a lucky rabbits foot there is not winners  just a poor footless rabit and a dumb ass with a unlucky foot on he's keys 
so i now know why a <propfemale> is like a writing desk  the feather writing quill 
10 year and hollywood undead!!! hell yes!!! i just got back from there show and loved it  love 
