b0a161eb7a22fbbbc9f4dce591e33d2c
     what the fuck 
tj    such a champ 
tj o'brien    such a champ 
tj o'brien    such a champ 
tj o'brien     such a mother fucking champ 
go team venture!
http annoyed  www prizerebel com index php?r=268960 do it
    so fucking bored 
fucking bored 
is playing loud music 
god damn it im bored 
"hey phones dead, not going to be able to take or make calls till at least the end of tomorrow "
r i p <propfirst> mays 
movies tonight 
whats up?
kind of just realized why the hell nothing gets done in his family 
has coffee breath 
"god, im so bored "
<propfirst> thompson post here!
this is a bit of a boring night isnt it?
that was a pretty good weekend   wink 
fuck today 
fucking sucks at life 
woooooo 4:28 a m yeah
what the fuck are you people doing awake?
pretty sure i should shave 
     eh
pretty pissed off 
i dont know if im just really down   or really pissed the fuck off 
i dont actually know how to feel at least besides pissed off 
too much stuff on the brain 
is confused by whats in his notifications 
loud music time?    loud music time 
really wants a monster right now 
"accidentally took 600mg of ibuprofen thinking it was 300, so yeah im pretty tired "
slow night isnt it?
somewhat in thought 
"well, im pretty pissed "
pretty great day 
   what the fuck was that all about facebook?
"feels like the only way to have fun, is to be very far away from family members "
"snow, in my october!?"
cant help but notice everyone getting sick or atleast feeling sick 
"ok so has anyone else ever noticed  that in the episode of family guy when <propfemale> become a flag girl, the song that the school band is playing is electric avenue? or am i just insane>?"
in? communist <propfemale> hamburger eat people  one of the most random things i have ever read on youtube 
is anyone hireing?
   it's not an owl 
just wants everything tostop for just a minute so i can catch my breath and cath up on everything 
just wants everything to stop for just a minute so i can catch my breath and catch up on everything 
is pretty down  an doesnt think anyone can help out with it 
the stress is really getting to me  i dont know what to do 
"is beyond stressed out, i dont know what to do anymore i really don't "
is fucking exauhsted tonight 
:[
still doesnt know what to do    
still have no idea what to do  i keep weighing the options and im getting no wheres 
would like to do something tonight 
yay its 2011   and im still not employed   
im fucking freezing 
"    no thats cool, really "
has a lot to consider 
wants to learn another language 
"yay   more english work, awesome   annoyed "
fuck   doesn anyone know where i can get the pgr for english?
fucking damn it 
has lost the will to work on anything 
fucking pissed off 
bored 
wants to know if anyone else has heard of bonusstage 
?_?
"\what the hell is katilsday?\"""""
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this "
wonders if he sshould post a video of his new butterfly knife or not 
tower!
 annoyed 
has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
the toaster oven is all fucked up    i burnt my pizza  : [
so when do we have to be at school?
saints 
come on saints 
saints 
"     something is howling very loudly outside my house  an im not gonna lie, it's botherin me a little bit "
delay tomorow?
fucking bored as hell 
so bored 
just finished watching pulp fiction again  fucking movie is great 
so fucking bored 
well their goes another day 
has relized    he hates a lot of things 
"  so i saw a pretty fucked up video a little while ago, for some reason i thought it was funny "
apparently i just sent a notification to everyone     
"well fuck, im 18 arent i?"
anyone else's lights just flicker?
and so the boredom has begun to set in 
so fucking bored 
this has been a long fucking day 
meh   annoyed 
fuck finland
thank you snow for killing my windsheild wipers and making them not work 
cars fixed 
"so theres a debate on, anyone else watching?"
http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci  so bored 
so bored  http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci
mudkips?
fuckin hungry 
bored  http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci
"what time do we start school, tomorow does anyone know?"
school tomorow    
it's so fucking nice out 
i want my fucking apple pie 
got a new couch for the basment 
is home 
"\halo is a pretty cool guy eh kills aliens and doesn't afraid of anything \""-4chan"""
pretty intresting night 
feelin way better 
 annoyed 
"\which means that the aleian is also a wizard \"""""
 annoyed 
in a bit of a pissed off mood 
eh   annoyed 
really cant wait for the weekend 
got my stethoscope and blood pressure cuff   laugh 
fucking tired tonight 
i dont know what the fuck i want to do 
"alright, whatever "
out bitches 
"fuck, its sunday "
working on the independent study he has been neglecting 
well im bored 
think i might go driving for a little bit tonight 
well that was a fun way to start the day 
whatever 
slightly pissed off 
well im pissed 
kind of bored 
shaved for the first time in a while 
the fuck am i doing awake?
"can't sleep, no surprise there "
"bored, and without a car at the moment  this sucks "
bored   
fuck this 
fucking aggravated 
what the fuck is tomorow an a day or a b day?
well im sick of this week already 
fuck   
has to be up in bassiclly 3 and a half hours 
meh   annoyed 
"so im putting my portfolio together for the piece of shit that is senior ex, an i feel like im missing something "
my cat just scared me pretty good 
fuck   tired 
about to kill a mother fucker 
"wow, it's cold out "
"well, thats another day down   annoyed "
would enjoy going out today 
anyone wanna go do something for a little bit?
"i just dont care anymore, i really dont "
fuck today 
chillin on the deck for a bit 
its only tuesday?
so whats everyones stance on liberals?
"you ever just start thinking about the past? you know things people have said, and how things used to be, isnt it weird?"
 annoyed 
just because its the weekend thag doest mean work stops 
has pretty much lost the will to work 
"alright really, is everyone having a bad day or something?"
   senior ex tomorow 
"has learned that to fix his xbox, all he really needs to do is hit it really hard on its side "
someone almost made me hit a god damn tree tonight   fucker 
could go with somehting to do tonight 
"out, drivin "
had fun tonight 
  wait  youtube is offering me that thing to put ad's on my video and make money  the fuck?
"i dont care anymore, about anything or anyone   annoyed "
doing my ride time tomorrow  maybe that will make me feel better 
fells pretty good to be home  been away from it since like 7 a m 
fuck math 
going to mass  with pastore 
oh holy shit it's national draw muhammed day 
in a debate about what to do tonight 
"i fucking hate when people are home, it's nice having the place to myself "
this has to be one of my more lazy days 
the work week has begun     great 
lol well im pretty sure the brakes in my car are shot   oh well 
so apparently m00t is going to be on law and order tonight? must watch 
mother fucking damn it 
so that community ex re-do shit is tonight   fun  
so i tore my medical practicals sheet and then knocked over a few of chairs in class tonight   
sounds like a thunderstorm is on the way 
got a haircut 
"my bus has a sun roof, bitches "
kinda bored 
really bored 
that was a good night 
fucking work never stops does it?
fuckin headache 
hooray for last minute work  always fun 
http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci
"pretty bored, taken a break  ask me stuff http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci"
when are we supposed to pick up our cap and gown? and do we have to go to senior awards night?
fucking math finale tomorrow  i hate this class so much   
feels good to sit and relax for a bit 
"http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci\ keep me occupied and ask me something "
cant sleep 
just relized how busy tomorrow is going to be 
"http annoyed  www formspring me account inbox\ ask me stuff "
so were all in agreement rehersal was a waste of time 
weird   im graduating tonight  cant stop wondering if i got enough seats 
"for tonight, we can just go to the parking lot behind <propfirst>'s correct?"
should probably consider shaving at some point   
"so the blinds in my room just kind of came off, like the stuff their attached too and everything just fell down and crashed into the ground at like 7 in the morning  "
kinda wanna do something tonight 
really tired tonight 
"ask me stuff \http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci"
the fest is the stupidest fucking thing ever made 
still surpprised by how much i slept today 
"http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci\\ask stuff "
just another night 
"bored, http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci"
is selling somthing on ebay 
"fucking people need to leave my house so i can just be by myself, and watch my shows without everyone talking at once "
"pretty bored, ask me stuff http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci"
feel like i should be doing somehting right now 
"well, this sucks "
"http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci \bored, you probably are too "
thinks it would be better if more stores were 24 hours 
has no motivation to really do anything 
did not go to the fireworks tonight 
"cant sleep, again "
is still up 
new york for the day 
just got back from new york 
one hell of a night 
"\peter you ready for role playing night?    here comes grimace!\"""""
"pretty bored, chances are you are too \http annoyed  www formspring me nickantonucci"
awesome my printer sold on ebay 
kinda bored 
"the fuck, i can see fireworks from my room "
woke up late at like 4:50 and i havent left the house all day    kinda wanna do something 
home 
why the hell am i up?
"got a new knife today, and tomorrow is my practicle exam "
"gotta be up for my practicle exam in like 2 hours, the fuck am i still up for?"
"the connecticut state ems practicle just sucks, no better way to put it  "
in an  annoyed  mood  for a few reasons 
the night kind of made up for the day 
"should really do something about this whole, not sleeping thing "
"need to sleep, but i cant "
lol anyone else watching aqua teen hunger force?
"i said this earlier, so why not say it again, i should really work on this whole not sleeping thing "
still awake   
and then i couldnt sleep 
like two more hours and i can fall asleep 
"i'm still up, it's been over 24 hours at this point "
> annoyed  i'm done 
fuckin bored 
"is awake, and bored  an kinda hungry "
bored  anything going on tonight?
is apparently going to a birthday for a little while tonight  this is news to me 
needs to get some college credits before he goes into the air force 
sometimes coming home to an empty house  can be starnge 
more like scary 
"gotta study a little bit tonight for my written exam, and then maybe out for a little bit?"
just saw someone walking down the road clear as day  looked away for like 2 seconds and then they were gone 
"out doin the ussual, written exam on friday "
people fucking suck 
exam tonight 
tired tonight 
cant sleep 
out later 
"fuck, it's august "
"today's just another day, nothing more nothing less "
is in a pretty shitty mood 
out for a bit 
passed his written exam 
kinda bored 
fucking bored 
so i just watched the hubcap on my car roll off my car go into the other <propfirst> and get plowed by a <propfirst> 
 annoyed 
this guy is such a prick 
that guy pretty much just told me to go  fuck my self 
pretty bored 
my car is now named <propmale> <propmale> 
is not sure what to do with his day yet 
would love to go do something 
really need to get the fuck out of the house 
bored as hell 
keeps having really weird stuff happen to him when he's driving alone 
had a pretty good night 
 annoyed 
test tomorrow 
a mosque on ground zero?     the fuck?
in <propmale> 
home  tired 
 annoyed 
bored 
needs something to do 
who remembers <propfemale> the daughter of the devil?
needs something to do 
bored  would enjoy doing something 
 annoyed  wide awake 
well it sounds like a coyote or something just massacred a cat outside 
home  kinda bored 
what the fuck is making that noise?  surprise 
got new glasses 
 annoyed  kinda down 
   what the fuck just happened?
"awake, now what?"
<propfirst> boy is on 
"so fucking happy the car didn't die, fuck you rain "
damn it   annoyed 
god damn it  
there's no fucking way in hell that i failed my exam again 
"it's just another night  nothing more, nothing less   annoyed  oh well "
so bored right now 
just another night   annoyed 
 annoyed 
"god damn it, why the fuck am i still awake?"
i need something to do 
"so, me and <propmale> just broke into yale "
wish i had gotten more done this summer 
has absolutely no reason to be awake right now 
i fucking hate people 
apparently obama is going to have a speech of some kind?
"so, how's everyone night?"
"so, whose still awake?"
whats everyone up to tonight?
kinda bored 
pretty bored 
"so, for some reason when i crack my neck, i can also crack part of my shoulder "
need something to do 
playin modern warfare 
"second time, that i've heard what sounds like a cat, getting fucking mauled outside "
still awake 
"holy shit, cowboy bebop is on "
well now something is howling outside  every night i hear something weird 
"i can hear coyotes howling outside, their loud, and their close to where i am "
the fuck am i awake for?
"this day, is going to require much caffeine "
what the fuck code 1 why the fuck did you send me two emails  both with incorrect times?
holy shit  i think i passed the exam 
i need something to do tonight 
"fuck you cold, makin me feel sick  cant breath through my nose    annoyed "
playing some modern warfare 
"\nobody has gained or accomplished anything \"""""
i have yet to find a reason to get out of bed 
looks like i might be pulling a 24 hour day 
"spilt sprite, fucking everywhere "
"so i have reason to belive that lucky, is an active member of the <propfirst>, thougts?"
been having more trouble then ussual with sleeping 
12 oz mouse  fuck yes 
tomorrows going to be a busy day 
sounds like a door upstairs just slammed shut 
i have no idea why i'm still awake 
actually got good news from the air force today 
"what time is it? oh yeah, it's time for 12oz mouse "
"oh look, it's 4 am "
just watched boardwalk empire  it was great 
"this fucking pizza, needs to get here "
work to do  yay   annoyed 
where the fuck did the day go?
the one thing that reall sucks about mondays and wedensdays  i have an hour and twenty minutes with nothing to do in north haven 
finally home 
"feels later then it really is, doesn't it?"
and it's 4 in the morning  time for bed 
"my head, hurts like fucking crazy "
"finally up, what now?"
 annoyed  just another night 
jews for jesus it's raining out 
got nothing to do for a while 
is going to try and fix the downstairs computer 
why the fuck cant i get to bed?
"it's 5 am, and i'm still up  it's just another night   annoyed "
asvab tomorrow   surprise 
"the asvab exam, is not fun "
freaking the fuck out a bit    what the fuck is making that noise?
boardwalk empire
who else is watching venture bros  right now?
"a great episode of boardwalk empire, and venture bros  well that's pretty much my night "
i get this feeling that i'm not really going to sleep again tonight    annoyed 
"lunch time, honkeys "
dogmobile dogmobile dogmobile dogmobile dogmobile dogmobile dogmobile dogmobile 
why am i up?
lunch time once again 
damn    i knew something was going to bring me down today   annoyed 
kinda down 
people are getting up for school? shit i might wanna think about going to sleep 
so i got a three <propfemale> rough draft paper about social services due at 2:15 today     guess what i haven't started working on?  smile 
"holy shit, its raining out "
currently in new york 
is back in connecticut 
oh look    the sun is coming up 
cant get to bed 
skynet has become self aware 
"kind of depressed, and working on this report finally "
report is done  fuck yes 
"so, whats everyone doing for halloween?"
well i pretty much slept all day  that wasnt supposed to happen 
i should probably go to sleep at some point 
my fucking tooth hurts 
me and <propmale> saw a dead body 
cats missing  out looking 
stoped searching  the cats still missing though   sad 
just got up  cats been found 
super troopers is on 
boardwalk empire 
what the fuck is up with everyone and having bad days?
having trouble sleeping 
"so im here in subway, and some lady says good bye to one of the workers  an this guy at the counter laughs a little looks at her and goes  \yeah? i'll fuck your mother\"""""
bored 
"long day, but a good one none the less "
cant get to sleep 
happy halloween fuckers   smile 
i honestly don't fucking care about anything anymore 
"i just had a pretty good thought  i would like the night to end, you know? go to sleep and have tomorrow be a new day and all that but    who the fuck says tomorrow is going to be an improvement from today?"
so  bored 
phone just made friends with water  doing that thing with the rice so hopefully it'll be fine 
"fuck yes, phone works "
   who the fuck did we call?
 annoyed  kinda down 
what the fuck? its snowing out 
"<propfirst> hayes, has been sentenced to death,"
"<propfirst> hayes, has been sentenced to death "
"my back, is killing me "
"\this is the last time i bring presents to japan \"""""
my mind is spinning 
\i thought she'd be there holding daisies, she always waits for me\b0a161eb7a22fbbbc9f4dce591e33d2c,kinda bored  what should i do?
pretty bored 
had one of the weirdest things happen while driving 
and now i'm bored 
not sure what to do with my night 
\it's so easy from above \,b0a161eb7a22fbbbc9f4dce591e33d2c,"so, who's still awake?"
"so, how is everyones evening?"
"it's only like 7 smile 0, and i can hear the fucking coyotes howling outside "
what the fuck phone? i just wanna scroll down the <propfemale>  stop clicking on shit!
the fuck phone? i just wound up on google while trying to just go down the <propfemale> 
well that didn't really last 
"weird thought for everyone, when the hell was the last time you actually sent out a hand written letter for something?"
now what do i do with my night?
 annoyed 
tired for once 
"depressed as hell, no clue why "
bed  someone please call me at like 2 smile 0 so i don't sleep all day
i can really say that i regret a lot of the decisions i've made in the past 
the season finale of venture bros  is when?
can't sleep  too much on my mind 
court is finished 
"\welcome to tolerance camp   \"""""
i slept so much today i feel dizzy 
not a bad night 
had a pretty good time at the school today 
the underpants gnoms episode of south park is on 
i have no idea why i'm still awake 
<propfemale> christmas guys 
should i go out for black friday or no?
"so better question, whose oing going out for black friday?"
"well everyone, seeing as how i can't sleep, i guess ill do some black friday shopping "
"is somewhat christmas shopping, name some shit you want "
so whats on everyones mind tonight?
whose still awake?
i am going to be busy as all hell with this fucking essay 
fucking damn it   annoyed 
fucking hate this essay
"fucking essay is finally done  that was way, way more of an ordeal than it should have been "
time for bed 
 annoyed  whats the point of doing anything?
i feel like complete shit 
i get the feeling i'm not going to sleep tonight 
maybe i will get to go to sleep tonight 
"well, it's december "
someone forgot to turn down the temperature thing on the toaster over    i just burnt my bagels     words cannot e playful ress how pissed off i am right now 
why the hell haven't i gone to bed yet?  laugh 
wisdom teeth out in the morning 
not looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth out  an kind of down again 
got my wisdom teeth out 
isn't bleeding anymore   smile 
one of the more negative things i've realized about today     it's kinda lonely having no one to sit on the bed with you and make sure everything is going ok    :[
whose still up?
so hungry    can't eat anything 
"i just got up, not even an hour ago     and i'm still hungry   "
so i tried eating french toast  bad decision   smile 
is not going to bed for a little bit  
cant get to sleep 
just got up like a half hour ago 
god damn it   annoyed 
i'm not going to able to sleep tonight   annoyed 
has yet to go to bed 
"can't sleep, and can't take being in the house anymore  out for a bit  text\\call if you wanna meet up for a bit "
"sitting at at the point, can't think of anything to do "
"home, couldn't figure out anything to do "
what would i do without monster energy?
dizzy as hell  that's probably not good  gonna go lay down or something 
well today has just sucked 
"for pretty much the last hour or so, i've felt like i've needed to throw up, everything is still spinning, what in the fuck?"
some good news  the room isn't spinning like it was 
"now i only feel dizzy when i eat, and when i walk  i don't know if this is an improvement  "
the fuck is everyone talking about? it is not snowing 
feels as if he's gotten worse through out the day 
"fucking cold, and feeling like shit "
breakfast time 
i need a computer with powerpoint on it   
is awake for some reason 
"it feels so good to be home, laying on my bed "
just had a pretty great night   smile 
<propfemale> is kool with a k 
"gonna pass out in a little bit, gotta be up at like 6 smile 0 tommorrow "
is awake  
so fucking tired 
"i hope it fucking starts snowing, so i dont have school, and can have an extra day on this damn paper "
"so tired    can't sleep, i hate this report "
"oh shit, i'm running late "
"had a good night  too bad it had to end,"
feels pretty good to be home 
so good to be home 
rock lobster   
time for bed 
the surfin bird episode of family guy is on 
well my phone just went a little crazy   
not really a fan of the holidays 
so bored right now 
 annoyed 
   fuck you fallout 
oh hey look    the suns up  
"not sure why i'm awake, i just kinda am  "
should probably go to sleep 
"i havent checked, is it snowing yet, or is it supposed ti later?"
?????
"so, who else is still up?"
yay 5 smile 0    
"someone call me or something around 1, so i don't sleep all day,"
"just watched <propmale>'s burgers, it was pretty good "
"well, i got little to nothing done tonight  how about everyone else, same?"
why am i still awake?
why the fuck is it this hard to get a job?
bored   
"so whose still awake, and why?"
"has yet to sleep, can someone call me or something at like 1, make sure i wake up?"
very frustrated right now 
gonna be a long day 
"done, this fucking assignment is finally done "
ipod being a pain in the ass to charge   
pretty pissed off at this fucking computer 
"i am going to savagely best whoever the fuck, is turning the temperature on the toaster oven all the way up "
"wide awake at 4 am, this can't be good "
long day  laying down and probably about to fall asleep 
slept a lot last night 
why the fuck are their no jobs?
i have no idea why im tired right now 
?
school today     fuck 
home with really nothing to do  
 annoyed 
"who else is awake, with nothing to do?"
"just realized, i missed a class  well at least i can use the snow as an excuse "
"well, i'm bored  everyone else?"
so i almost hit some chick with my car today  what did everyone else do today?
hey look bridgeport's had it's first homicide this year 
"to be honest, i actually had fun driving in the snow "
apparently i have the day off  
class today 
just had some real fun on the highway 
not a bad night 
"quote of the night: \if this was first responders it would fit \"""""
had a very strange violent dream last night 
so happy i don't have class today 
i fucking hate other drivers 
"school closing at two, now i don't have to come back later tonight "
hair cut time  not fun 
the parking here is just horrible 
well that was different 
this has been quite a day 
"my phones auto correct, makes me want to punch children "
fuck winter 
very fucking frustrated 
so bored  
so sick of being cold  
yelled at and beat the shit out of the desktop in the basement 
"my left eye is twitching, and has been for a while  no idea why  "
so happy it's not snowing right now 
 annoyed 
fucking freezing 
well    alright then   
fucking damn it 
 annoyed 
"well, that's just great  the cars fucked "
so fucking drained right now 
thanks for not charging last night phone 
fucking damn it brandan 
fuck halo 
"well shit, it's 3 am "
"long day is long, and not even close to being over   "
"one last thing to do for the night, then sleep and up at 5am "
got a mother fucking parking ticket 
wide awake  can't sleep  
working a double   
meanwhile in danbury 
oh look its morning   
off to work i go 
just made a pretty good amount of overtime  and now it's time for bed   
just slept all day   
gotta be up at 5 for work 
oh shit it's 3 am   
work  
fucking double    
shift will not end   
not a good start to the day  
feels so good laying in bed right now 
"the clocks gonna be against me tonight, gotta do a lot more work for class tomorrow than i thought i did "
"bartleby, the scrivener is the worst story ever fucking written "
i have never hated procrastination more in my life 
"just slept, so much "
work in the am  yay   annoyed 
shit    i can't sleep 
it is unbelievable how pissed off i am   
 annoyed 
i have to be up in four fucking hours    
feels so good being home 
very frustrated  
saw a commercial for portal 2 
