c32f30cb4e5a7c6b73946d83be2770aa
happy new year!  i slept through it   been tired from work and being sick but i hope you enjoyed yours!  here's to a better year ahead of us!
"wow   had an epiphany earlier   realized where my life could be if i'd stayed the way i was   and it really scared me   then i was thinking   wow, look how amazing my life has become   and that was rad   just thought i'd share   ps   love you <propfirst>!"
"someone make me a sandwich?  i want: cucumbers, sprouts, avocado, carrots, lettuce, tomato, jicama, onions, pickles, banana peppers and green peppers with some mayo or vinagrette and maybe some cheese   havarti would be ideal   and soft bread   yum   did i mention i'd pay you?  oh yea   i'll pay you to get the ingredients and make it "
going to the desert museum sunday morning with a bunch of relatives   should be fun!  laugh 
my grandmother on my father's side fell and broke her hip   she just got out of surgery - please send prayers our way!  thanks!
getting ready for a father's day get together on saturday (early i know) and looking forward to it   i'm making my pasta-slaw which is awesome and hoping that the whole family is there!
"my grandma is doing a bit better, thanks for prayers!  father's day was good   my parents are moving to arizona in about a month which is exciting and i'm really hoping to find a job here soon!  hope everyone else is doing well too "
"i'm feeling sad today   i'm really overwhelmed with my move, trying to get a job, and dealing with this reality   <propfirst>'s doing well - the va here is awesome "
congrats <propfemale> on being engaged!  thanks for the awesome talk last night <propfemale>!  i love you <propfirst>!  um   if i'm forgetting anything let me know  
"anyone got recipes for eating on a budget?  i need easy medium hard recipes that i can cook for 2   please message me with them!  i am trying to eat healthy, not boring, and with a good price tag  thanks!"
"i'm feeling really lucky to have my best friend living with me, a dog who loves me, and a home to live in   i'm working at getting a job still, and i've been sick   but it's day by day here - and going to get better   laugh "
i can't get my sleep schedule right d:  still looking for a job   it's a little stressful over here 
parents have moved to tucson - they having the moving <propfirst> today!  i get more furniture   looking for a job still   
"i'm shocked and devastated at my friend <propfemale>'s death   i'm trying to accept it, but the denial just keeps popping up   how does a healthy 29 year old woman just die, leaving her son behind?  how do you accept that a beautiful, wonderful, loving, and outgoing person is just gone one day?  please pray for her family!"
"thank you for your kind words, love and support   i'm still mourning the loss of my friend <propfemale>   your prayers for her family and friends is so appreciated   she was the most wonderful person and her memory will never leave us "
"i've got <propfemale>, my cousin, in town with her husband and daughter visiting   she's pregnant and we're thrilled!  tomorrow is a yummy family gathering - i'm bring the pasta slaw again  laugh "
"<propfemale> ahern (my grandmother) passed away today   i'm having a difficult time because i have a new job, and cannot leave for her funeral which is cross country   please keep my family in your thoughts and prayers   wish me luck on my training test on thurs because grieving is making my head swim  d:"
"it's the end of the weekend which means i have to be up early for work tomorrow   my <propfemale>'s funeral was this weekend, and although i missed it, i'm doing pretty well   i feel like she's in a better place and probably happier to be with papa anyway   work is exciting and tiring!  i'm thrilled to have my job right now though, and feel like my purpose in life has been renewed just a little with it   laugh "
work was easier today!  thank god!!  i think i'm starting to get better!
check this out and make your own personalized card! https annoyed  mycard compassbank com allaboutme designer e playful ress compass embeddeddesigner e playful ress_designer swf?webdesignid=01ae7e99-06b2-4609-b822-ef13c687599a
figuring out how to get everything done i can before tomorrow's work!  eek!
"i'm doing better at work, having a good week, and am happy as a clam   laugh "
"i'm loving the old men at work who ask for help on their accounts (uh, my job) and then because i follow up with them   they bring me gifts!  omg, i got a box of really yummy see's <propfemale>!  how cool is that?!  thank you to all banking customers that bring a smile each day!"
happy halloween!  be safe and have a lot of fun  laugh 
"today was long   omg   thank goodness for long naps, and boyfriends who rub your back!  lol"
i dyed my hair a couple shades darker than my natural   watcha think?
zomg   today was rough   i think this calls for a nap   zzzz
i love my family   i love <propfirst>   life is good (except for this headache) 
"i'm doing thanksgiving big with lots of family this year!  hope yours is wonderful   thank you for all the support, love and friendship this year, i've been blessed!"
"omg   i'm going to be a mother   well, a godmother   lol  close enough for now!  thanks <propfemale> for giving me the blessing of being <propmale>'s godmother   i'm thrilled and honored!"
"yay!  <propmale> (<propfirst>'s stepdad) just went into surgery for a liver transplant!  he has been very sick, and we're thrilled our prayers are heard!  we'll find out later how it went and i'll post new info  laugh "
"<propfirst> <propfirst>, one of the most kind, loving, honest, interesting, intelligent and spirtual men around passed away   i'm shocked   he was a confidant, friend, second father, and guide for me   i loved him in the most pure way and he will always be remembered   i hope he is in peace in the spirtual world   please send your prayers   he was so special to me "
"i'm bored   i need more of a life   when did i get so lame?  my life consists of work, family, <propfirst>, angel, and um   bills?  i'm so sick of money   the lack of it rather   i need to go out, have a drink, and relax "
"today is the beginning of my stressful rest of the week   work holiday party is tonight, <propfirst>'s at the doctor   the rest of the week is going to be busy busy busy!"
holiday office party was nice and looks like next week is going to be busy too!  lol
"tomorrow's <propfirst>'s b-day!  whoot!  doing breakfast, then work (well i am), then japanese food and sushi for dinner   tomorrow's yummy!!!"
"<propfirst>'s birthday was fun   tomorrow is pop-pop's mass for his b-day, <propfemale>'s kids get baptised (godmother here i come), and a b-day party for the guys   then it's off to babysit <propfirst>'s kids   and i'll crash when i get home   sunday we see boondock saints ii for <propfirst>'s b-day   and um   that's about it "
"pop-pop's mass was nice   the baptism was just beautiful and i'm so grateful to be a part of it   <propfirst> and pop-pop's cakes were awesome, and babysitting went well   all in all a very long but nice day!"
"i think we're going to see boondock saints ii today for <propfirst>'s birthday   we couldn't go other times, so we're making up for it today   laugh "
"the last few days have been really busy   i am exhausted   tomorrow i'm finally going to get groceries   for 10 days i've been needing to go and haven't found time to do it   ridiculous, but at least <propfirst>'s b-day gave us left-overs  lol  wish me some luck on a better day tomorrow!"
"pop-pop got very sick today, and he was not acting lucid when i took my grandparent's home tonight   he's staying in the hospital   i'm not sure what happened but it seemed a little like a stroke   please send prayers and love "
"pop-pop is going to be ok   he was lucky i was there with uncle <propmale>, and that we called an ambulence   he had bleeding in his brain that was picked up by the cat scan   he is having a neurosurgeon take out the blood, changing up a medication that can cause that to happen   hopefully he'll be ok   if we had just let him go to sleep he could have died   thank you god "
"pop-pop is out of surgery, he might be in pain when he wakes up because of all the air in his brain and the way they had to do the procedure (bad crink in the neck)   we're glad he's ok   tonight aunt <propfemale> is having the xmas party and we're excited   <propfemale> xmas <propfemale> everyone!"
<propfemale> xmas!  i had a wonderful day with my family and also spent time at the hospital's neurological icu with my grandfather   he's a bit out of it but he's doing ok   his surgery appears to be a success   laugh 
"<propfirst> and i are both sick   i, however, am sick as a dog and he's just starting to get sick   i wasn't able to see family, or go to the hospital to see pop-pop because i'm so sick   i've been up 7 hours total today and i'm already ready for bed again   wish me luck on getting better - i'm working extra hours this next week   eek "
"ok so <propfirst> and i both have the flu   i'm doing everything i can to be better for work tomorrow    we're taking lots of vitamins, regular meds, cough drops, tea, and such   thanks for your love   hope no one else gets this - it's a doozey   and yes, i did just say that "
"well, i'm still sick but i went to work anyway   i did ok, so i'm hoping tomorrow will be better   i'm taking enough meds for me to be ok!  lol  anyway, pop-pop may have had a mini-seizure today at the hospital   tomorrow i'm working at 2 different branches, so it'll be a loooong day   very long "
"so the other branch was super nice   i worked tues night, and i worked from 9 smile 0 to 7:15 today   long   i was up all night with a stomach virus, so i got about 3 hours   with driving i was gone over 11 smile 0 hours today   i'm zonked   i can't even think straight   wish me a night of sleep please!"
"nap time for prep to go back to work tomorrow!  i'm in a great mood, looking forward to getting back into the swing of things and excited for \chef\"" <propfirst>'s chili tonight!  love """
"tomorrow's another work day   weds my stepsis and my neices come to visit  laugh   also, i'm moving around furniture and getting stuff together at my place   i'm exhausted, still trying to get over my cold, and this week is busy working at 2 branches again "
i'm finishing catching up on <propmale> right now   missed heroes   i'm wanting to chop all my hair off   it's long now   <propfirst>'s getting his liver and stuff ultra-sounded in the am   pop-pop is still struggling with getting better   i really need a couple paid days off to get myself un-sick and my life organized   like that's going to happen   lol  playful 
"today i'm working at my branch, then working at another one to help out, then going to come home and sleep   tomorrow is work and i finally get to see my neices!  whoot!  also, i'm learning how to peel and slice up a jicama   hmmm "
one more day of work and i have a full weekend to enjoy!  whoot!  plus i get to see my super cute nieces and stepsis 
i'm glad it's the weekend   i'm going to a show at the gaslight theatre tomorrow which will be fun   i'm beyond exhausted   i need to catch up on sleep so i can get my house together    sigh  it never ends does it?
"show was good!  i'm exhausted, even with all the extra sleep   tomorrow we work on the office to get ready for a new desk and get to use the new vaccum!  whahoo   all kinds of fun   blech   anyway, next week is busy but at least it's a 3 day weekend  laugh "
"well, i went to see pop-pop   he's been moved to the rehab floor but he's so tired he can hardly stay awake long enough to talk   hopefully that floor will cheer him up!  my sister and neices have gone home - school starts up again tomorrow   i work a busy week coming up, but i'm glad i got sleep this weekend finally "
"today was a normal work day   i'm tired as usual but i'm in a really happy mood tonight   my dog and boyfriend love me, and mom joined facebook!  whahoo!"
today was fun at the other branch   i'm going to miss working over there too!  tonight i am going to enjoy sleep   
"well, lots of things happening here with work   huge turn of events   i'll let you know if i find out more and when!  but it could be some really good news!  today went fast, and i think god is just blessing me and giving me grace i didn't know was possible after all of the great things in the past year   i'm so lucky!"
"<propmale> went home!  yay!  we're so excited here!  i'm just busy busy busy lately, but there's a 3 day weekend to look forward to!  whoot   let me know if any of you want to get together   "
"weekend time!  going to see pop-pop, enjoy the couch, and get the big desk put together   oh, and relax   thank god for that!"
"well, i got some items to make me more organized at work at office depot, got some kitchen and closet items at home goods, saw pop-pop and helped him with dinner, spent time with grammy   tomorrow i'll be at the hospital at 7:15am to help get pop-pop up for physical therapy, get him clean, and fed!  ahhh   a nice day off   i think i'll take a nap though   that's early   lol"
"got to the hospital at 7:15am, helped get pop-pop fed and ready for the day   i helped with dinner at grammy's and had a great time with uncle <propmale>   <propfirst> really likes the family   i think <propfirst>'s heading over to help pop-pop in the morning, and i'll be working tomorrow   today's another day that i am so grateful for a loving family  i feel lucky to be able to give right now "
"tomorrow is a family meeting on pop-pop   <propfirst> and i will go help with breakfast, then go to a meeting, then i work, and then we go to the other family meeting at night   busy busy busy!  i work on saturday   miss all of you friends and family   xoxo's"
i'm exhausted   really exhausted   that's all i can think about 
"well the family meeting was confusing and long   think we got a lot worked out   i'm pretty sure we'll have the bathroom getting demoed and redone, the bedroom emptied, and other things so we can move a hospital bed, etc in for pop-pop   it's one day at a time "
"today was a visit at the hospital for pop-pop's breakfast, taking grammy to mass, taking grammy to see pop-pop for pt and lunch, and then coming home after 6 hours ready for a nap   laugh   well, that and being very hungry "
i got hired!  i'm moving to another branch where i'm getting full time hours starting feb 1st   i'm thrilled!  laugh   the group seems really awesome too   i'm so blessed 
"    for perry   my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that people with disabilities do not have a disease; people with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does        "
didja know that standing outside when you can see your breath and wet hair makes it nearly impossible to warm up when you get back inside?  yea   thought so   my bad   lol
"i'm getting up early to see pop-pop, learn how to help him with pt, get a good bit of coffee, work a short shift, and get my grocery shopping done   sounds boring but i'm feeling good the more i get done in a day   sounds strange coming from the former couch potato   lol  now if only there were more friends to go out with!  i really want to go dancing or be active with someone "
i saw pop-pop today and he looked like his normal self!  we might push back his move home date because of the bathroom remodel   work was fast today (3 5hrs) and tomorrow i have a day off!  heck yea!  i have to go to the dmv though   hope lines are fast   heh   like that will happen  sad 
1) help pop-pop with breakfast 2) go to dmv 3) grocery shop 4) brain's pt 5) do laundry 6) cook up meals for the week 7) get shoes?  maybe?!  i hope  smile  teach my mom google calendars 9) get family schedules 10) relax?  play with angel?  nap?
so   half of that stuff isn't getting done   here's the scoop - it's mvd here not dmv   i couldn't find the title on my car and it'll take 3 to 4 weeks to get in the mail   argh   at least i got my license done and emissions test   pop-pop is doing great   groceries are bought   now we have the rest to do and i'm already wanting to just sit here and relax 
"well today was rough   <propfirst> woke up feeling sick, so i went to the hospital with a headache, came home to shower before work and realized it was a migraine, laid in bed until 7pm until i felt better   so i'm going to be 5 5hrs short on my paycheck   yuck   did i mention i was walking in the rain and hit a puddle at the hospital and soaked my legs feet?  yea "
"pop-pop was great this morning!  he's heading to a nursing home for a week or two until the bathroom, etc is finished being remodeled at home   laugh   then off to work, then we are meeting some cousins to watch movies and get <propfirst>'s back worked on (cousin can do some physical therapy)   yay   long day, but seems to be good "
"enjoying the weekend   saw becca and blas   spent time with pop-pop   had a great sleep-in   i'm getting a little nervous - next week i start at the new branch and will be getting full-time hours   laugh   other than that, just need to get work done tomorrow at the house "
"well, the weekend has gone too fast!  this week i begin working some at the new branch   yikes!  i also work at my normal branch some for the next few weeks   i'm nervous and excited   pop-pop is in the nursing home for a couple weeks, and looks good "
today felt more exhausting than some   i think i just need a good night of sleep   i keep getting headaches at night and i think the stress is adding up   sometimes i think i just care too much   annoyed 
"today was one of those day you'd prefer to lay in bed, but i went to work, and i've gotten my stuff done   now it's time for pizza, tv, and some laundry - i start at the new branch tomorrow!  i still can't help but feel a little nervous since i don't know the layout, people, etc   i do know how to do my job though, so at least there's that   laugh   wish me lots of luck!"
"the last couple days have been really long, but awesome   i love the new branch i'm working at   they're positive, motivating, and really friendly helpful   i feel lucky that i'm getting full time hours somewhere i think i can really grow into a career    laugh   on another note, pop-pop is not sick anymore   maybe he had a stomach virus?"
"ok so   i love my job, and the new office is amazing   but   i can't walk my feet hurt so bad, my right thigh has a spasm, my lower back, neck, and shoulders ache and to top it off   when i was leaving the vault tonight i caught my arm on something sharp - have a nice 6 to 7 inch cut on my arm that is stinging   rawr   it's all good though, i'm still happy   just in pain "
"dude, the next door neighbors have a spiderman bouncy castle for their son's b-day and i really wanna go jump in it but i haven't met them yet    sad   lucky kid!"
"ok   so today i got some new shoes   while i'm thrilled that my feet wont hurt so badly, they're not exactly the most attractive shoes, or ones i'd ordinarily want   but pain trumps attraction right now  laugh   i'm very very happy to not have to worry about my feet as much this week   laugh "
"ok   pop-pop has been really sick and in severe pain the last few days   i keep wondering how much longer he has, and that makes me sad   work has been busy and tiring   my birthday is next tuesday, and my life just never seems to have a rest   positive side:  i'm making more money, have better energy, am getting better at my job, etc "
my favorite holiday is tomorrow!  happy happy happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!  laugh 
"best <propfirst>'s day   <propfirst> and i have spent a lot of time together, got to see pop-pop and have a pretty new necklace   i'm happy as a clam, whatever that means "
"pop-pop is back at the hospital so my birthday stuff got postponed   turns out that villa compana, the nursing home he is at, is in the middle of 2 <propmale> lawsuits, has 33 violations, and were fined my medicare recently for abuse, neglect, etc   they're named worst in the state of az   we're trying to get my grandfather better and they've ignored him  i'm disgusted "
"my birthday was nice   we went to the cheesecake factory after work and totally got ourselves sick on food   grandma gave me some desk items that were my dad's before he died, and i got to spend time with family   i'm still worrying about pop-pop but am thankful for a good year, and a new one to look forward to!"
"wow   today was crazy   the banks systems went down nationwide (atms, computers, online banking, website, even the phone systems) for a few hours   not sure what happened, but everyone's info is safe and it was back up by 11 smile 0am   just crazy busy "
"finally putting in an outlet in the master bathroom   yay!  i can use my bathroom for drying hair, etc   laugh "
"i am getting an outlet in my bathroom!  yay, electricity!  can totally dry my hair again   and not be in another room  laugh "
pop-pop moved to a rehab facility this afternoon   i'm exhausted   i really want to do well at work but i had the worst headache and so many people today   i feel like i let my boss down!  ugh   going to bed early and hopefully tomorrow i can rock it   laugh 
"well, i thought i was going to sleep well last night and be great today but i have some sort of stomach flu   i was up a lot of the night, and thought i was better this morning but on the way to work i had to stop to puke   gross, and went to dr and got shots   hoping i'm all better now "
i am just so tired   tomorrow's a long day but then i work a short day on saturday   sunday is dedicated to sleep   lol  it's funny how much you look forward to sleep sometimes - more than anything else    laugh 
"no more work for a whole day!  yessss!  i can grocery shop, see pop-pop, talk to family, cook something good, and maybe buy some jeans that actually fit with my little bit of extra money   whoot!"
"welllll    i was having a good day at work, i mean, i was energetic, happy, positive, tapping my foot to music   and then, well, it was like money was floating down from the ceiling but not in your home in a fantasy, it was like   ohmigod, am i going to be off balance?!  banking makes you fear money more, since it's not your own   i'm exhausted "
"short day at work   went to buy a couple new shirts and stuff like that   probably spent too much so i'll have to return it, and i hate going in to return things(makes me uncomfortable)   so   even though i should feel happy about new things, i feel too guilty to enjoy it   hmmm "
"i have been so stressed thinking about my finances, the bank's finances, life, where i'm going, if i'll ever get to a next destination soon   i'm on edge   in fact, i'm just   a nervous wreck right now   tomorrow will be a new day where i will have erased today "
"i got my belated b-day present from my parents  laugh   it's a flat screen tv!  whoot!  if i wasn't so tired, i'd jump around   i'm still stressed but trying to be as calm as possible right now "
"i cut my hair   it's probably a good cut, but right now it's so big and fluffy i feel like texas landed on my head   lol  i'll take a picture, and then when i style it myself, i'll take another so we can compair whether it's a shit cut or ok   laugh "
"my tummy feels icky, my throat scratches and i keep coughing, <propfirst> think's  he's sick, and i think that i don't have time to get sick   i have to be ready for work in the am   argh"
had a migraine   still not feeling so hot   my stomach is in knots and my head is kind of burning   like stinging burning   i'm not sure what i'm going to do but i'm going to talk to my aunt (neurologist) about new preventative since what we've been doing isn't working apparently 
short day at work today   had a relaxing afternoon   pop-pop comes home next week - literally to his house!  whoot   so thrilled   laugh   sometimes a little <propfemale> goes a long way 
"wow   weird day   i'm testing for a possible promotion at work, and i'm really really excited and praying for it    laugh   on a bad note, i didn't win the lottery   soooo   can't say anything but good things today!"
"my goodness this week was full of changes!  i am excited for my day and a half off   on the drive home i kept seeing all these beautiful things like wild flowers, and random patterns   i realize i haven't been writing, taking photos, or doing anything artistic in a long time   i need to find a way to make my creative side have an outlet again   laugh "
yo yo yo    it's off to see pop-pop i go   
"i went out earlier feeling a little sick but thought it was because i hadn't eaten, so i ate   then i took <propfirst> to get his hair cut and ended up puking at cost cutters   after i came home my headache got worse, and now i'm just in pain and can't figure out what's wrong   i don't feel so nausous now, but my whole body hurts really badly "
"as far as luck goes, today wasn't   and as for being <propfemale>, celebrating st  <propfemale>'s day - thought mine would be a lot better   i really thought i loved this holiday  my luck appears to have run out "
"congrats to <propfemale>'s promotion!  feeling really good about work right now   family life is really <propmale> right now   pop-pop has come home but it's a lot of stress and work   after tomorrow i get to spend the night at my grandparents to help out, take <propfirst> to a class on sat morning, and go to the air show on sunday   when am i ever going to get good sleep again?!"
"i see a lot of changes in life on the way   i'm not sure if i'm excited or just apprehensive   i just want to love, be loved, and feel happy healthy   i just want some more progress in the positive   there are so many heavy things in my life, and i'm just trying to keep on the positive side "
"i'm sick of my feet smelling after work   like   i can clean them, wash out my shoes, the insoles, and no matter what i know that my feet are going to reak   rawr   that is so not sexy "
alcohol + me = ick   this is probably why i rarely drink anything   i start to think too much   one drink makes me ponder waaaaay too much   i think i should start a new book 
picking <propfirst> up from a class   spending the night at pop-pop and grammy's to help out tonight    need to make a sleep-over bag   sleep - so underrated lately   if only i could sleep for a week to catch up   mmmm   better than chocolate 
"long night at the grandparents   waking up every hour really sucks, especially when it's not your bed, your dog isn't snuggled against you, and you are waking up to a doorbell noise!  lol  it was good to be there though   i just have a stuffy nose and itchy throat right now   i'm placing blame on a couple girls at work that have been sick   no bueno!"
"next week i'm going to tackle the kitchen   not literally morons   i need to reorganize it   since i'm so short, i can reach half the dishes right now, and that seems pretty fail to me   i doubt i'm going to grow taller at 26, so the dishes are going to have to change   fun "
"pizza pizza!  i hungry   i'm stuffed up, my head hurts, and my throat is still scratchy   i keep saying i'm not getting sick, but dammit, this is getting irritating "
"i reallllly hate mosquitos   they keep getting in my house - i had 2 bites yesterday on one arm, now i have 2 on my neck and one on another arm   they are burning   not itching   burning "
"i feel rotten   i'm not sure if i'm sick, or have allergy issues   but this is ridiculous   and i'm tired   and now i'm getting bloody noses when i blow my nose   weekend please come!"
"i did well at work today!  yay!  and now i'm starving   still fighting off being sick, but i'm in too good a mood to care   laugh "
they say no sleep for the wicked   and i got no sleep!  yuck   had to work today since someone was out sick   and i'm just tired   overtime doesn't even sound good right now   my bed does though!
"pop-pop is able to walk a few steps, do most transfers himself now, eats at the kitchen table in his wheelchair, etc!  next time i spend the night sounds like it'll be easy! plus he's in a great mood  hoping the end of april he'll be able to take care of most things himself (need a little daytime help for himself and grammy) and hope he can fully walk in may!!  good news!"
"i just went to costco and got enough food for   well, a lot of people   mmmm   i feel so accomplished after i leave costco   like getting through the crowds, buying lots of items, and unpacking them into the house is like some sort of huge feat!  lol  i guess this tells you about how much i like to shop with a bajillion people around   laugh "
"i officially got my first raise today!  my test goes out this week, and i'm hoping for a promotion and raise on top of that!  cross your fingers for me  laugh   yaaaay!"
"a <propfemale> tried to attack me, and knowing most of you, you think i'm exaggerating   except i'm not   it came at me, directly, repeatedly trying to sting me   i was minding my own business, and it was like   speed diving towards my body and i was jumping away   i think it was the color of my shirt   either way, it didn't get me, and i was freaked out "
allergies = irritation   irritation = stress   stress = exhaustion   exhaustion = <propfemale> stupid time   not good   i get dumber each day my face and head hurts   
grammy cracks me up   i can't even keep my yard clear of falling debris and weeds and she want's my advice on which pots to put her plants in!  lol  i love my family   they're all so different and awesome   laugh 
"went home early sick   allerigies, cold, stomach flu type thing rolled into one   i just want to feel better   annoyed "
hey tucson people!  i need to find a gym to go to out here to get in shape so please send some recommendations of the places you use!  please please!
"i am addicted to treasure isle   treasure madness still rocks, but new games always make me happy "
just soaking in some <propfemale> spektor and falling in love over and over again with her silliness and musicality   mmmm 
"fuzzy navel's, music, chinese food, and um   a clean dog, nice boyfriend   hmm   good stuff! tgif - i am so thrilled to sleep in tomorrow!"
"grocery shopping, buying cookware, taking care of pop-pop, oh my!  lol  hoping i get to have some fun this afternoon - maybe go to the tucson tattoo e playful o?  text if you wanna go  laugh "
off to work i go   hi ho hi ho hi ho    happy monday!
"i'm so stressed   i'm not even sure what to do - my heart wont stop racing, and i just want to like   walk away from my personal, family, and work life for a week    and i know that i can get through the stress like i always do and i love my family and my job   i just need some space to be me again without feeling like something is always going wrong   just a week   or even 4 days   lol"
allergies are killing me!  i'm hoping today i feel a little more peace   i really need to to feel more calm 
"had a really nice talk with my mom, am feeling more hopeful, and thankful that i have things to stress about   lol"
"it's shocking that i'm exhausted but waking up an hour before i have to get ready for work   meaning i can't go back to sleep, i'm still tired, and i could have slept more if my body wasn't being evil "
tomorrow i wont be broke!  yay for paychecks!  laugh 
"i love my job   yup, that's it   and my family, <propfirst>, angel pie, my house, the view from my porch, and the blue skies overhead "
just another friday   wish i had people to <propfemale> out or go dancing with    annoyed 
i could an entire cow myself right now   well maybe that's an exaggeration   i'm really really hungry though!
"tomorrow = work   i get off early, so i'm joining a gym!  wish me luck on getting healthy - it's time to eat better, work out, and sleep better after the exhaustion    playful   i'm not even sure if my workout clothing is unpacked   hmm   guess i have some drawer trolling to do tonight   lol"
i am officially a gym member   tomorrow i take the tests to find exactly how bad off i am    annoyed   but then i can track how good i do!  lol
things are a little strange right now   the whole lemons to lemonade addage is what's going to have to work for me   send prayers   i need a lot of hope and strength right now 
i  got my promotion today!  yay for more money and moving up!
"hitting the gym, then it's time to go out to dinner w  <propfirst> to celebrate the promotion   whoot!"
"car broke down at gym - gym made me sweaty - hail made me freakin' freezing - stress of waiting to get new battery - i'm exhausted, cold and stressed   night is gone, no going out to celebrate  bummed, cold and broke   boo!"
"worked out tonight - <propfemale> kicked my butt   i have no shoulder strength but i'm really strong in my abs, lower back and legs   hmmm   i'm gonna be sore tomorrow!"
wow   my upper arms and shoulders hurt   tomorrow i work out with <propfemale> again!
"decent weeked - workouts, food, time with <propfirst> and the dog, some sleep   got some shopping done too!  i'm so glad my mom is back in town - i missed her and who do i call when my car breaks down if she's not in town to help?!"
today was a bit stressful - i'm exhausted   i'm glad to be home with my favorites - <propfirst> and the dog   i am not sure what else i can say about today   
i'm so tired i'm irritable   i haven't felt irritated in forever   months 
"exhaustion   that's what i'm feeling   today was ridiculous - it help lines at work suck   normally they are nice - today i had someone <propfemale> up on me after arguing that a ticket opened was \resolved\"" and it turned out he was arguing about the wrong ticket   jerk """
"i'm hungry, and tired   been having nightmares about robberies, and waking up every 30 minutes since we were robbed at work on monday   i'm not even freaked out about the robbery - i just can't sleep!"
"grammy-ism : \i'm disgustipated\""  lol  i'm starving and waiting to get my car back (door should be fixed)!"""
"can't sleep  annoyed   have to be up to take care of pop-pop during the day tomorow, then come home and get ready for mom's birthday and go <propfemale> out with her   then i need to grocery shop, clean, cook, do laundry, and um   hopefully sleep   i can't wait til vacation time!  only a few more weeks!"
happy birthday mom!
"ok, well the goals today are doable : work, workout, get groceries, do more laundry, clean and cook   i'm going to do what i can!"
"tonight i find out how much more weight i have lost   wish me luck!  i think i've hit the 6 to 10lb <propfirst>, but we'll see!"
happy mother's day!
i get to sleep in tomorrow if my body will let me! <propfirst> got a ton of weeding stuff done today which is awesome   i took a breather after i got off work and read about half a book   things are doing pretty well here right now   hope you're enjoying your weekends!
"more work in the backyard   yuck   <propfirst>'s taking me to see <propfirst> hood though, so i'll get a little fun time   i'm so happy i got some sleep   and i woke up to puppy dog kisses   yay!"
"i like it on the table, in the living room "
"i'm zonked   this last week felt a bit stressful   i'm about to get a little peace   well, cleaning and yard work done, when i have thurs and fri off   i'm not doing anything i don't want to for 4 days   i'm thrilled to catch up on sleep too!"
<propfirst> had a seizure last night - i'm trying to get him some help   i'm going to take him to the dr hospital   please send prayers   it was really scary!
"so we went to the er about <propfirst>'s grand mal seizure, were there over 2 hours & only one person left the room, one guy had been there for 8 hours & we left b c the er didn't have enough staff for the imaging area  we're going to harass the polytrauma and neurologist doctors he has seen in the past  why can't you get any help when you could have died?! it's so frustrating - the healthcare i mean "
<propfirst>'s seizure appt is on tuesday morning   thank god we got him squeezed in!  i can relax just a <propfemale> bit now on my vacation   ha!  still have a lot to do this weekend   i'm hoping i can get some good sleep tonight 
going to lunch with my parents and <propfirst>   we have a lot more cleaning chores to do   the palm tree is attacking again  one more night of freedom and back to work!
"nice lunch with the folks   <propfirst> got his hair cut and treated me to getting my nails done!  yay!  pretty nails again!  now, on to chores - yard needs work, and so does my kitchen living room   next weekend we're going to try to <propfemale> a shower <propmale>, and some other things done - <propfemale>'s planning to stay here "
"home from my 1st day back to work   felt like an idiot for half the day (i assumed i was going slow, but later realized that you really can't go faster than i was)   at any rate, i am going to be lazy and watch zodiac with <propfirst>   tomorrow is the doctor's appt   need to relax before he goes in "
"back from dr   we're getting some tests done friday morning   not sure what's going to happen   former mri shows something that they no longer think is a blood vessel but they don't know what it is - it's too \linear\"" to be a tumor   instead of telling us this or testing - they didn't do anything   rawr """
"i was frustrated earlier   it's much more clear to me now   let the dr 's worry about it now, and focus on life returning back to normal   <propfirst>'s ok for now and life is going ok   i think i'm going to sleep better tonight "
today was slow on activity but went by fast if that makes sense   i hit almost every red light on the way home   20 <propfemale> turned into 45+   i'm not sure why but it's always faster co<propfemale>g home than going to work and today co<propfemale>g home was awful 
<propfirst>'s tests are in the morning   i'm feeling okay about them   i kind of have a feeling that everything is going to be ok regardless of what happens   good vibes i guess 
"well, <propfirst> had a small seizure last night - not a fall down and black out, but it was upsetting   we can't do anything about it though - we're still waiting on test results   we are going to call the dr 's to let them know though   i'm feeling completely helpless here   i can't do anything to stop them or help them "
"i spent the night with grammy and pop-pop   pop-pop zonked out on me mid sentence last night around 8 smile 0pm   lol  grammy was a sweetie   had to get up early to drive home to get <propfirst>, take him over there, and then drive home again   i hope i can take a nap today   tonight we're having ribs at my parents!  whoot!  yum in the tum "
"ah   nice day today   happy memorial day guys!  hope that everyone you love is safe and thanks to all those who protect our country, letting us be free   looking forward to family time and ribs   mmm "
"fyi, the ribs were great   so was the bacon beans, potato salad, deviled eggs (<propfirst>'s fav), and strawberry shortcake with home made whipped cream   ugh   so full   good news!  i have lost 8 more lbs!  omg   didn't even realize it   yay!"
"half day at work since i work on saturday   traffic was ridiculous today   i am going to relax and read, and then get some cleaning done hopefully    laugh "
we still haven't gotten results on <propfirst>'s tests   we're going to call today to get some answers 
so i feel like crap   been sick to my stomach all day   still no news on the <propfirst> front 
"waiting for medicine to kick in   went to the dr  and they said i have a stomach flu which is going around and lasts 7 freaking days   i don't have time for this!  i'm not supposed to go to work until mon   i just want to sleep, and when i wake up feel normal!"
"you know you're sick when   you can sleep from 3pm one day and wake up at 11am the next day, and still feel like you could sleep more   my tummy's still rumbling   ugh   someone wave a magic wand over me and make it all better!"
"i'm feeling a little better today, thank god!  i don't feel over it yet, but it's better   i have to get better quick!"
"well, i've gotten 34 hours of sleep in the last 72 hours   i've been trying to sleep off the flu, and i'm feeling better today   i'm at about 75% of normal and i've got to get in gear for tomorrow - time to go back to work!  it's funny how you feel guilty for being sick when you need to be at work   even though you feel like shit "
today was rough   back to work and still sick   not fun   plus it was one of those really long days   i'm so happy to be at home!
is feeling very thankful 
"i don't think i've updated in a week   we're still waiting on results for <propfirst> - they said it might be a week more   apparently it's not a priority   cousin's are out of town again, and i saw iron man 2 which rocked   new software at work = great but stressful!"
"well last night was a blast   projectile vomitting is always fun   i went to urgent care and i'm losing blood and have some internal bleeding going on, so i have to go to the er now   i'm hoping everything ends up ok   i'm a bit of a mess right now "
"well, i'm home from the er   i'm bleeding internally for sure but they were unable to find the bleed   going to see specialists asap   cat scan's suck - the dye kept making me puke   i'm not sure what happens now - i just feel like death right now "
i'm not feeling better today really   i have appts in the morning with the gi doctor   not sure if they will be able to get me in for the procedures for another day or so   more info when i have it 
"ok, i'm getting my procedures done on tuesday morning   my doctor seems nice and i'm glad to be getting this done quickly "
"i feel sooo nauseous today   i was hungry for the first time earlier so i ate, but had things easy on my stomach   apparently it wasn't the best idea   ugh "
"i feel so blessed to have such a great family around me, and such an amazing mother  with my mom's support i feel like anything is possible   i am soooo lucky "
"getting ready to not eat tomorrow   lots of clear liquids - check!  lots of soft and easy food for the rest of the week - check!  now   if only these sharp pains would go away, and i stopped feeling like i'm in a moving vehicle   one step at a time!"
"well yesterday i was in a lot of pain, and this morning i'm feeling really weird   it's all clear liquids today and tomorrow i get the procedures   closer and closer to answers   i feel mentally exhuasted!  tell a worry wart not to worry and then i can't stop!  yikes, leaving it in god's hands!"
i am out of surgery and home   the results are inconclusive but they took a biopsy   i'm in a lot of pain   he said i could return to work tomorrow but i'm not sure how that will go - i've been getting more nauseous and having more pain the last few days   i'm going to bed now 
first day back to work went well   other than a sharp pain in my left lower abdomen i was fine - i probably took more nausea medicine than i needed to today but i didn't want to <propmale> it   laugh   all in all it was a good day 
"today was crazy - like a friday on crack   lol  other than that, it was another good day   can't wait for the weekend  laugh "
happy 4th of july everyone!   playful 
whahoo - vacation day!  going to go out to brunch with <propfirst>  playful 
hoping today goes by fast  laugh 
"thursday is here   2 full days, 1 half day and then i can catch up on sleep   i woke up every 30 minutes last night for some reason and now i'm exhausted!  lol"
spent time with becca and blas tonight - i'm exhausted!  i need sleep!
what a long week!  thank goodness for 2 days off this weekend    laugh   i need the time to recooperate 
"well, it's another monday and i'm about to leave for work   have a great day guys!"
my stomach is messed up   i hope it gets better before work!
spending time with family tonight   first dropping food at my grandparents and then eating dinner with my parents and <propfirst>!  yay   yummy food  laugh 
do i sleep in tomorrow on my half day or do i get a ton of work done at home?  ahh   this is the sort of dilemma i like   and can deal with!  lol
i'm starving!  i never wake up hungry   how weird!  have a great day guys  laugh 
"one long day ahead, and a half day tomorrow and i get to relax   that and clean   it's going to be great   laugh "
i'm officially bored   <propfirst>'s been sleeping all day and i want to do something!
what a sleepy sunday!
"well   brian bought us wii on a whim and i'm sooo excited!  i've wanted one forever, and it's going to be a blast - and i hope to lose weight with it too!  laugh   yay!"
12 days until i move to my new office guys!  whoot!
after today it's 8 days left!  laugh 
does anyone have any good crock pot recipes?
"ohhhh    happy happy monday, happy monday to you!  5 business days left, and 7 total!  laugh "
"creepy dudes need to go away   i had a guy grab my hand and like, rub it and call me baby in the parking lot before work   ugh   if i don't know you, don't touch me   don't grab me, don't talk to me, and don't you dare call me \baby\"" ever """
oi vey bananas 
tomorrow is my last day at park and grant   i'm going to miss my coworkers but i'm really excited to live so close to home!!
0 days left   i no longer work at park and <propmale>   i go take a look around at my new branch tomorrow and then monday i am officially pantano broadway   i'm really excited and a little nervous too   but just a little   laugh 
"visited new branch today and set up my station about 90% so monday is a go!  i'm excited, and the staff seem incredibly nice   i'm so thankful and i feel blessed   life is about to get easier and it makes me so happy!  ps- finally got my hair did "
"today was family time   good food, good laughs, and i'm getting ready for tomorrow   i'm nervous excited and feeling rather un-tired, which is no good   need to be sleepy to get rest before my 1st day!"
"day #1   wish me luck, or you know   remind me i'm going to do fine and it's going to be great!  i have mini sized butterflies in my tummy!"
"i love love love my new branch   they are so nice and friendly, the clients are awesome, and am sooo close to home   i'm so thrilled i could just hug myself "
"wow, it's thursday already   time for me to get pumped for the next couple days at work   hence drinking a rockstar right now   because   it never hurts to dream, right?   laugh   have a great day guys!!"
today was soooo great   just great   what else can i say?
i might have just had the best work week of my life   can i just say i love my new branch?  and i love the people i'm working with!  and i love that i'm so close to home   life is good 
3 day weekend coming up   am i psyched?  heck yea!
"one day, one morning meeting and i have 3 days of fun   i'm so happy!  life is good right now!  laugh "
"tomorrow - morning work meeting, then straight to breakfast with my mom, followed by shoe shopping, possibly clothing   am i excited for vacation time?  yes   i'm also sooo happy to love my work enough to go in on vacation    laugh "
"successful day!  meetings attended, shoes, belts, necklaces and shirts were bought, breakfast out was delicious, but best of all i had a blast with my mom    laugh "
i'm enjoying my weekend   i slept in today   which is a miracle!  i am so thankful for life getting a bit easier!  my dog is loving the extra attention too!   laugh 
"so much cleaning, laundry, etc to catch up on!  yuck   dinner with the parents tonight will be awesome though - dad's making roast pork with a <propfemale>, balsamic, and <propfemale> sauce   i guess it's a new one - and i'm excited!  laugh "
dinner was delish   i will send recipes to anyone who wants an amazing sauce for pork   mmmmm
"<propfirst> and i just had the best steak tonight   work is good, family is good, dog is good   can't be anything but happy!"
"another great day under my belt   i'm loving that my feet hurt less in my new shoes, even if they aren't sexy heels "
i saw one of my very favorite client's today from my old branch   it was amazing!  he is so full of joy that you can't help but love him   i'm loving my new branch though!  things are great right now 
"hello saturday   i plan to make the most of it by going to work, cleaning my grandparents home, helping with dinner, and then i plan to have good sleep for tomorrow's birthday parties for becca and <propmale>    laugh "
"i got to sleep in a bit, now getting ready for becca matt's birthday shindig, and then i have chores chores chores galore "
"last night was a blast   i even won a game - imagine if was what it was called i think   anyway, i'm glad everything has been so fun   happy labor day everyone!"
wow   migraines + work + panini machine breakdown + busy day = exhaustion   i'm so happy that i have a team that helps out when you are in a crazy situation   i would not have made it through today without their support 
gtbd - good to be different - got this one from a fun client today!  laugh 
"well guys, <propfirst> had another seizure last night   he'd gone 3 months without them and could drive - after about 2 weeks of that he just had another   we're going to call and talk to dr s on monday   we're doing ok now, and he didn't get hurt   more later   xoxo's guys"
why why why why did i have to wake up at 5 smile 0 on a sunday - my only day to sleep in?  argh 
"dinner with my parents last night was delicious   spending time with my mom was excellent   things to complain about right now?  zilch   good morning monday, i'm ready to knock your socks off!"
it's a good day   that's all   laugh   hope you're having a good one too!
"i just got home from working the fiesta patrias event for bbva compass   i'm exhausted but happy with our results    laugh   now it's time for some chow, relaxation, sleep and hopefully (fingers crossed) a nice back rub   oh, and i think i burned my face today   damn sun!"
i can't believe it's only 8 here   i feel like it's hard to keep my eyes open!  i guess i will sleep well tonight!
i'm exhausted   i am all cozy with my doggie getting ready to sleep 
'm so blessed and happy right now!this weekend has been amazing   lots of positive <propfemale> is coming by and i'm thrilled i'm so blessed and happy right now!
"well this is going to be one busy week!  i really have been feeling so incredibly happy, loved and lucky   life is good and i hope by really throwing out my positive energy out there that others will take a moment to feel content too!  laugh "
"my laptop cannot find internet and i can't seem to fix the problems so i grabbed <propfirst>'s old laptop which is so slow i can hardly even type this   ugh   yes, i admit i am addicted to the internet "
does anyone know of someone who can cheaply tell me if my wireless card in my computer is fried and then what to buy to fix it?  i'm so stressed without my computer - i do everything on it!  lol
"happy saturday!  it's time for work, meeting up with my mom, cleaning at home, and all sorts of busy-ness "
go <propfemale>!
"so it's official   <propfirst> and i are moving houses, a little closer to work, and we're really excited!  life is almost too good sometimes "
"today felt so long   couldn't sleep last night past 2am, realllllly busy day at work, and now i have to take <propfirst> for a sleep study at the va hospital   plus i'll have to get up 2 hours early tomorrow morning to get him   i need sleep!  and i need to get the house packed!  stressed out tonight "
i'm so exhausted and it's only my lunch hour   : sad rosses fingers:: i'm hoping the rest of the day will go by fast and that i can get some sleep!  playful 
not going to lie - today was exhausting and i feel pretty crappy   i'm going to bed soon hopefully though to catch up on zzz's   better luck tomorrow?
"i'm going to try to put as much positivity out there and be as happy as i can today   hopefully that will start my day right, and everything else will be easy   laugh "
"tgif!!  i plan to sleep in tomorrow, then it's more cleaning and boxing all next week   so much for a \relaxing\"" vacation!  haha  but moving to a nicer house will be worth it over the years   laugh """
<propfirst> is the best   that's all   the very best   yay!  love 
"well i made a list for today of what needs to be done so i'll try not to veer off course   thank god for friends and family   thank god <propfirst> is so nice to me!  makes this a whole lot less stressful, even though it is stressful either way "
"either i'm lazy or my lists are too extreme   lol  i feel like i can't get half of what i plan done!  yikes, its going to be a late night tonight!"
hope those of you with <propmale> day off are enjoying it!  laugh 
"i'm officially sick of my migraines   this happens each time i get one, fyi   at any rate, now i'll have to stay up late to get everything done   uuuuggghhh   and i still have the leftover headache that sucks   plus, <propfemale> volunteered to come help me and then i can't have anyone around because of my stupid head   rawr   but on a good note, i can't really complain because my life rocks right now    laugh "
i still have a headache   not a migraine but geez   i'm tired so i'm probably going to call it a night and worry about the rest tomorrow 
hello tuesday   we have a lot to get done   yesterday was mostly shot so there's a lot to get done today 
"today is full of things i don't want to do   right now, a cat nap and double stuff oreo's sounds awesome   i don't know why oreo's sound so good   i don't i've had one in over a year   : annoyed hrugs::"
"so   it's weds, halfway through vacation time and realizing i haven't gotten as much done as i planned   time to power through "
"today <propfirst> and i spent a lot of time talking about my parents - how great, supportive, loving, giving, and how lucky we are to have them around!  i'm glad to have someone who cares about my family as much as me, well, actually i don't think anyone cares as much as me!   laugh   i am taking the time to really think e playful ress how i feel about the great people in my life "
tonight <propfirst> and i are taking my parents to dinner for being so helpful and great with the move   i'm thinking the eta on the move is next week or next weekend   i have so much left to box!  i keep sorting through crap i don't need   i have collected a lot of junk since we moved here   time to be rid of it 
"i absolutely refuse to get sick   my throat may hurt, and my nose may sting to touch, but i will not let it interfere   vitamin time!"
i need coffee!  agh   so tired!
took dinner over to the grandparents   and all i could think about was how much work i need to do before mon    i'm starting to feel the stress really bad now 
final day of vacation to get the house ready   i'm feeling really overwhelmed but i haven't had a meltdown which speaks louder anyway!
"i didn't want to have to spend more money, but   my house is destroyed and i packed all the dishes, etc  so it just had to be a chinese night   mmm  love "
pretty good day today   i'm a bit exhausted   i want this move to be over with 
tgif!  more time this weekend to finish!  i do have to work tomorrow   but i'll make it work!  hope you have a nice weekend guys!
so much to do!  so little time left!  i'm exhausted and somehow i hurt my shoulder   yuck 
"hoping that today i wont be sick - 3 1 2 days of bed bathroom floor has not been fun   i hate the stomach flu!  it's the worst   i'm in a good mood - didn't puke this morning, so i'm praying that today goes well!"
wow it's friday   being sick ruined my week   tomorrow we get back to work on the house   hope we can be in the new place in a few days   might be a week   either way it's happening soon!
"so this week brought a lot of bad luck in: stomach flu, flat tire, flat doughnut tire, hurt shoulder, 8 bruises (no idea why), <propfirst>'s stomach flu, and not much work on moving   next week, in comparison, has to rock   and it will dammit!  damn damn damn you stupid ravens at work last weekend!"
"i can't sleep - hate insomnia!  tomorrow i get to figure out where furniture will go with mom though, so that will be fun!"
"bedtime, then box time, then work time, then 3rd quarter dinner, then home to box more and then bedtime again   rinse and repeat   going to be moving this week!"
just found out thursday is the official move day!  eeek!
i cast my vote when the doors opened this morning   hope you get out there and vote too!  have a great day everyone!
i need strength to get through this week! <propfirst> = stomach flu and my dog must too - came home to her mess everywhere and spent an hour cleaning just her  ugh  still have to finish packing last stuff - movers on thurs   i'm exhausted and overwhelmed 
"on top of everything else, angel was bleeding and had to take her to the doggie hospital   i took her at 8 smile 0pm and it's now 12:21 and i just walked in the door   i'm drained "
"angel is doing a little better this morning   she'll stay in the doggie hospital until probably tomorrow night, which works out okay since i'm moving tomorrow   i'm just beyond stressed and exhausted   hopefully everything works out for the best "
"my dog, angel, is still sick   she may come home tomorrow night - if not, friday   tomorrow is moving day   i've gotten as much done as i can tonight, tomorrow morning is the final junk   i'm just praying it all goes smoothly!  i might not be able to get online for a few days   i hope all of you are well  laugh "
we're moved!!!!  i love love love this house!  i also got to bring angel home from the animal hospital   i'm exhausted but for once i think i will sleep well!  laugh   thank god the <propmale> stress is over!
"hello friday   i'm going to kick your butt today!  no reason not to - slept well, woke up happy in my new place, and am loving that this is going to be my new life   yay!  have a great day everyone!"
"angel i love you   may you rip   you were the best dog in the world, and the most loving pet to me   i will miss you, and i will never forget how you pulled me out of so many dark times "
i had a decent night of sleep for the first time in weeks   i only woke up twice and i feel better today   thank goodness!  hope everyone has a great tuesday!
"oooh   mr  cableman is coming tomorrow to hook up the internet tv   thank god!  i'm going crazy   i'm totally bumming internet right now, and it goes out just about every other minute   a 30 second message takes me 2 or 3 minutes to post!  lol  plus i'm totally behind on my shows   and i need something distracting that i can reward myself after unpacking boxes   have i mentioned i love this house?  it makes me happy!"
"does anyone know how to fix the water pressure in a house?  it's not just the shower - even the kitchen sink or the toilets trying to flush is a little hard   i don't have a ton of money to get someone out here, any ideas?"
"thank you all vet's who have served us, and made us safer   special thanks to my family: <propfirst> mather, <propmale> stone, <propmale> franks, <propfirst> <propmale>, c b stone, <propfirst> f ahern, <propfirst> ahern, <propfirst> ahern, <propmale> ahern, and everyone else i'm forgetting right now   we appreciate your service, strength, bravery, and you are our heroes!  i love you all!"
"i forgot how much i love tivo   i have premier now   and i'm soooo happy!  pandora, live365, pictures, movies, netflix   ahhhh  made for a couch potato like me when i get home from work!!"
1st mistake:  thought it was monday and couldn't find my schedule  2nd mistake: left half my clean clothes in the washer last night   3rd mistake: tried to use my flat iron in the off postion   hmmm
"life is goooood   like the t-shirts, only, less hippy?  i'm satisfied with things right now, and honestly i've had so much stress and sadness lately that's about time for me to do my \bounce back\""   laugh """
"ohhh, you know, you know, you know, i'd never ask you to change   if perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same  sooo don't even bother asking if you look okay, you know i'll say   when i see your face there's not a thing that i would change  'cause you're amazing just the way you are  and when you smile  the whole world stops and stares for a while  'cause, girl, you're amazing just the way you are "
"gosh, the last couple days i was lower on energy   i woke up today feeling great, so hopefully work will be great today!  hope everyone is getting through their week okay   great news!  my parents will be back in town today!  it's amazing how much i missed them!!!  they are my best friends and best advice "
"so my parents are back home, i'm exhausted, had a pretty good day, am planning to read in bed until i fall asleep   i am so grateful for books!  how else would i escape and live vicariously through someone else?  it's not quite the same in a movie   it just isn't    laugh "
another weekend gone   next week i finally get a saturday off!  i'm excited for thanksgiving and also some time working on the unpacking   laugh   plus sleeping in one day would be great!
"i feel thankful every day, but today i wanted everyone to know that i'm most thankful for my wonderful family!  both at home and at work!  i have spectacular parents, and <propfirst> is everything to me!  i'm so appreciative for my home, running water, heat, and the huge amount of love around me   happy thanksgiving!"
2 day weekend!  whahoo!  hope everyone's thanksgiving was great!  i had a wonderful time with my family 
"watched the most incredible show on the brain with <propfirst> last night   i'm so thrilled to see hour progress on how we can help the brain, what it does, and how much potential we all have!  i have a whole new \mind-boggling\"" perspective   i love how cool we all are and our brain is the biggest part of it   laugh """
"thank goodness we get paid this week!  i'm sort of panicking with all the holiday season costs!  eeeek   giving has never hurt so much!  lol  in all fairness, it's totally worth it to me   i just think my bank account disagrees!"
"chinese, brownies and <propfirst>, oh my!  had a nice evening in front of the tv with the best friend i've ever had   laugh   i'm a lucky girl "
"gahhhhh   i need money so badly   i know i know - everyone does   i'm sorta freaking out about the new bills that come with a new home, plus xmas, plus <propfirst>'s b-day and now i feel overwhelmed "
"on a good note, have 2 vacation days this week (mon-tues)   on a bad note, woke up sat morning with the flu   on a good note, totally been going after the vitamins and feel better already   on a bad note, have only 2 more days to get un-sick   lol"
"i have the best mother, best father, best boyfriend, and best home   someday i will have an amazing doggie again, but for right now i'm just counting my blessings   i'm already feeling a little better (still sick) but ambrotose is a savior!!"
i'm not sure if i like the new facebook - it's taking me too long to do the basics!
i think i'm done christmas shopping - i need to get wrapping paper and another box of cards but other than that i'm finished!  its a relief!  hope everyone elses holiday stress will go down soon too!
"day 5 of my cold : really exhausting, can hardly lift my arms, now that i'm home i now cannot breathe through my nose at all, still hardly have a voice, my skin is burning but i am freezing    my plan :  sleep, take meds, sleep, take meds   pray tomorrow will be better   "
"well, today was hard!  i couldn't talk without a voice 90% of the day, and it a mental fight to stay all day through the pain and lack of breathing   i got it done!  hopefully i can get extra sleep in and knock this cold out "
"i hurt so bad, i have no voice, and i'm still sick   i feel like dying right now   it's so bad i can't sleep   i don't know what to do with myself "
"well, i finally slept a little   10 hours with doctors yesterday, over 7 at the hospital's er   i couldn't take the pain anymore, and apparently my body was so dehydrated they couldn't find veins   i've got 5 more prescriptions now - i think its going to get better   "
"day 11 of being sick and i still feel like complete crap   i kept down almost all my liquids today, thank god!"
"day 12 - is starting off really nauseous   damn, i just really want to be able to breathe, and drink water without puking it   i'm so sick of being sick "
"omg   had to let a really bitter pill melt on my tongue and i can't get the flavor to go away   tried drinking fluids, scraping my tongue, brushing my teeth, mouth wash   lol  it's disgusting, and i'm wondering how one pill can be that gross   "
i want to write a book   i can't ever seem to get past a few chapters though   i've got too many ideas and not enough follow through   everything sounds like a good idea when you're sick   playful 
"spent the day with <propfirst> for his birthday   presents, <propmale> potter in theatre, movies at home, and dinner with the parents   tomorrow is pop-pop's birthday and a joint large family party   yay!  really exhausted though   beyond   i planned ahead with an early night last night and tonight so i can get through it   can't wait to sleep "
happy b-day pop-pop!  we're celebrating pop-pop and <propfirst>'s b-days at grammy and pop-pop's house tonight around 5 smile 0pm (in case you forgot) and everyone is welcome to come to casa <propmale> rio at 4pm for some dinner before hand   laugh 
"well, we got the tree up   it was so exhausting for me to watch <propfirst> that i had to take a nap   sad story!  i'm sick of my head hurting, face hurting, and not being able to taste food still   tonight i'm going to try to make my fake tree look real and decorate it   i hope i have the energy!"
i hope this stops soon   i spent over 12 hours puking up water again   i physically hurt everywhere and i can't even e playful lain it   this is making me feel crazy   i just want to feel normal again 
"praying for positivity   looking for some jolly up in here!  i put some tunes on (not killing my head, whoot) and i'm hoping the tree will finally be ready!  then it's time to wrap up christmas, literally   laugh "
"stolen from another fb page: christmas gift suggestions: to your enemy, forgiveness  to an opponent, tolerance  to a friend, your heart  to a customer, service  to all, <propfemale>  to every child, a good example  to yourself, respect ~oren <propmale>"
went to the family xmas party and made it through a little while but my head hurts too much to enjoy it properly   plus i felt nauseous   was great to see the kiddos so excited and i always love seeing my family   it's getting to look a lot like christmas   
"i'm \fa la la la\"" -ing around the house   its jolly time guys!  laugh """
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  hope it was <propfemale> and jolly!  have a wonderful day with your friends and family!  i know i felt so happy this morning   it's a magical time of year!
turkey dinner at my parents this afternoon (like thanksgiving again!) and i'm exhausted again   now that all the christmas stuff is done i can just stay home in bed again   i love the holidays i just wish i felt up for all of it!
"another fab night of <propfirst> cooking for me while i supervise and teach   he made us shepard's pie, and it was great!  tomorrow i'm going to try to cook for him, but we'll see how my energy is   if not i'll pull up a chair and nicely order him around the kitchen   then movies and cuddle time!  <propfirst>'s taking good care of his sick girl "
"so   today my new buffet (parent's gift to me) is being delivered!  yay!  it matches my kitchen island!!  i have cabinets and drawers now (kitchen is <propfemale>)   also, movies and a nice dinner i'm cooking for <propfirst> for date night   and a nap is going to be necessary for the excitement (and the raging face headaches i have)   life is still good "
"perfect day with the perfect person   i feel loved, full (best dinner ever) and happy!  other than some pressure in the back of my head, it's been a really great day   i'm exhausted though   didn't have enough time for my half-day nap   i'm really hoping the doctor has good news for me tomorrow!"
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  a woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile 
"i went to the dr again today   still exhausted and in pain, but i get to return to work next week half days   i'm working 4 hrs mon-sat   hopefully i'll make it through good, and that i'll keep getting stronger for the next week!"
hope everyone has a fabulous new year's <propfemale> and a safe fun time!
crossing fingers for a good day!
hurting a little but got through my first day back without feeling like death so i'd say that's a success!
"why do i always get hit on at work by men 45 to 65 years old?  i'm 26!  nay nay!  not to mention the live in bf   or the fact i'd feel really weird dating someone even 10 years older than me   i guess it's flattering and better than nothing, but really?!"
"my face hurts so badly   i feel like i've been punched!  and my body is aching everywhere!  geez   i'm only working part time, i feel like i should not be this exhausted or hurting   i'm so sick of this!"
thinking positive thoughts for a good day today   anyone know some positive affirmations off the top of your head?
"done with another dr 's appt   i'm exhausted   games, nap, dinner, bedtime   "
"i'm feeling sad for the tragedy today  i don't know if it was confirmed gifford's was shot in the head, or if one of the 11 was an 8 year old boy, but no matter who was hurt it was absolutely outrageous! i feel sick when i think how people are able to massacre like that  it makes me sad that people are arguing over who to blame instead of offering prayers and support to the people that have lost loved ones "
i helped <propfirst> register for his classes and such yesterday and i'll admit i'm jealous! i want to go back to school!  i would love to finish my degree - its not financially possible right now but i will get to it as soon as i can!
feeling a bit more rested after the weekend   i have a ton of dr s appts this week with some specialists   i'm feeling hopeful!  work was a good day today and between that and saturday i think my sales were rockin'   feeling good about that even if i can only work part time this week 
"i've found about $5k worth of shoes i would love to own   totally unreasonable, but i'm going to day dream anyway!"
one more dr appt this week and then i can plan my weekend   i'm in a lot of pain today   learned some techniques last night to help out with that   i'm going to keep smiling and hope that my day follows my lead 
"lately past issues have been coming up that are bumming me out   i've had <propfirst> to listen, but it's like   wth   where is this crap coming from?  i'm having bad dreams about the past   be gone damn spot!"
"today = success  dinner delicious, the movie dilemma was enjoyable, then watching the steelers kill the ravens topped it off   not to mention the company (<propfirst>) was great too   laugh "
"target, groceries and lots of prep cooking for the week   then off to see my cousin before he heads back to maine   it's going to be a good day "
i'm loving mumford and sons right now   totally craving the husky voice and awesome guitar solos   mmm 
sooo tired   looking forward to the weekend   laugh 
long day at work today - over 10 hours at the branch   hopefully it flies by and i help a lot of people   
getting a facial today for the first time in like 5 years or more   i have a $50 off and a $20 off coupon and i can use both!  whoot!  then family dinner game night   good times today 
excited for the super bowl   green bay and the steelers!  both games had amazing come backs today but both <propmale> on to their wins   so happy!
i need a good massage right about now   if only i was <propmale> and had a personal masseuse on speed dial whenever i wanted     ahhh to daydream   lol
"today was painful   literally, not figuratively   i felt like forks were stabbing me under my cheek bones, my brow bone and behind my eyes   meanwhile, i got my job done, and was able to keep a smile on my face and not let clients know   that's a good way to handle it, i think!"
"fraudulent charges on my account   soooo frustrating   i help people with this all the time, but i hate it more when it happens to me   gah "
<propfirst> and i did early birthday shopping for me today   so fun!   laugh   i love my boyfriend   he's the best!
today was ridiculously painful   i don't know how i made it through with a smile   i cried most of my lunch   i'm going to bed early tonight   
"feeling positive about today!  i'm going to put on a happy face, things are going to go well, and i'm going to leave work feeling like a lot was accomplished   playful "
"it was a really good day   i had so many really nice clients compliment me today, and i felt really special   i had a man say \i wasn't a grungy old guy i'd hit on you\"" after he told me how pretty he thought i was and how beautiful he thought my eyes are   lol"""
"like thanksgiving, i'm feeling grateful   i am glad i have a roof over my head, a warm house, running water, lots of blankets, and no house issues   i'm feeling for the rest of town who are having freezing bursting pipes, or no gas to warm their homes   i'm hoping everyone can get those things fixed quickly and have safe places to go until they do "
super bowl!!!!!  yay!  go steelers!
going to try out a new exercise and stretching regimen tomorrow   working on new pain techniques too   i'm feeling loved and supported the last couple days and just hoping i can gain some new strengths soon   playful 
took me all day (because i needed breaks) but dinner was chicken with a green bean casserole (homemade mushroom soup and cheese sauce) and then a <propfemale> <propfemale> stuffing   i also did my exercise and stretching but today might have been a far stretch   too much i think 
sooo   my fav holiday is tomorrow (not because i'm in a relationship) because i love getting to celebrate in my life!!  i'm really excited!  2 days more and i'm having a birthday!  should be a nice few days   playful 
not feeling so hot but still looking forward to spending <propfirst>'s day with <propfirst> tomorrow   the couch and movies are already calling my name   playful   still plan to get my exercise and stretching done though   it's a must do every day now 
free redbox movie!!  enter code : bemine at checkout for <propfirst>'s day only!  have a great one guys - just thought you should know  laugh 
<propfirst> outdid himself with a  whole box of see's candies - but only my fav raspberry strawberry truffle kind!  laugh   and giftcard for a spa day!!  i'm feeling very lucky right now  i have a great boyfriend    and all i really wanted was time together and a good cuddle!
"i think i'm going to do some baking   had trouble sleeping again, body is aching and i'm hoping moving around will loosen me up   tomorrow's b-day so i've got to be in tip-top shape!"
b-day breakfast with my aunt godmother (same b-day) and tonight it's dinner with my parents and <propfirst>!  playful   right now i just want to sleep though   if only my body would let me nap like it used to!  lol
anyone having a breakfast craving in tucson?  i am!  if you're up for it leave me a message or call and i'll set it up for one morning this week  laugh 
"i hate that i feel so exhausted all the time!  i just want some energy to get things done!  in the meantime, someone want to take over the cleaning cooking etc at my house?  lol"
haircut tomorrow!  yay!  first time in like   6 months?  i earned this one!
agh - bad weather = bad pain 
it snowed in tucson of all places!  weird to see snow on roofs and yard - in a desert of all places!  now i know why the pain has been so much worse - crazy weather changes!  wow!  snow!
yesterday we went to see about knee replacement for <propfirst> and now the doctors are saying that his cartilage is softened and will continue to soften but they wont help him until there is none left!  so he's in severe pain and can't do normal things - but wait 10 years or so until he's so disabled he can't move and then we'll help!  stupid va   makes me so angry 
so the us supreme court has ruled that you have the right under the first amendment to protest military funerals  i invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my second amendment   repost if you feel the same 
i love sitting with <propfirst> listening to <propfemale> rock bands and writing or drawing   lately that's all i've been up to - and it's nice to just be with him and try to relax when i can 
omg  i'm in pain from the physical body work i did yesterday but already my back is sitting better - my shoulders are sitting back and only sitting straight up feels good!  worth it   getting better slowly but still - getting better!
"free pilates, yoga, stretching & dance classes tomorrow 8-12 at animas! becca(cousin) is having open house!  craycroft river - come see me!  laugh "
