f7f40cf476cfa28861cc12521028cab0
"traffic school is the most annoying thing ever   especially now that the online schools must send you the results and not the dmv  lesson learned take traffic school immediately not 3 days before due, otherwise you get to pay a butt load to have it overni"
"san <propmale>, the best cure for the vegas hangovers   "
i am in australia   oh my freaking lord  it is a-mazing  love love love   
"please let it be known that i am going to be working in australia officially! i've got the visa, the job, now i just need a freaking apartment   two down one to go!"
"one team, one dream, melbourne cup 2009"
"some nights are surreal, like tonight when i <propmale> with the crew from <propmale> harper   you know just an average night in <propfirst>  what great people  "
"i am pretty excited to have a warm christmas on the beach, surfing instead of skiing  although, why is it that i am gone in oz for one of the best winters in california in years   how did this happen, this is as bad as the currency exchange  but, i will still be surfing on christmas, without a wetsuit i might add  "
thinking about california and the cold and not missing it  lol suckas!!!!
"no dad, no dad, no dad the kiwi's drive on the left!!!!! woohoo to making it to the hotel alive in nz with mom and dad, but i think ill continue with the driving from now on "
big fat gorilla cock
i'm going going back back to cali cali   !
on my way to sonoma for g phi reunion so excited  surprise ) if anyone is up give me a shout so we can catch up!
"why, why, why does my mother want the hardest breakfast to make for mothers day? why???"
vegas trip anyone?
i just booked a flight to new york to see my beautiful <propfemale>!!! oh my gosh i cant believe it!
"thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes, i love you all and hope to see you all soon xxoo  "
i like it on the kitchen table
"what goes down, must come up and oh man am i loving the up  laugh "
ive seen more sun rises in the last 2 weeks than in the last 2 years  as far as i can tell thats the only benefit from waking up so damn early 
"you know you live in a hick town when you can look out your office window and see people on horse back  yes it just happened, oh my "
"why in the world did i ever think that i should give up coffee, i lasted a whole week  good break  back on the wagon and happy to be here "
"wow mammoth wow, so fabulous  thanks ucsb ski team for letting me tag along on your awesome adventures!"
