abff9f883b9216854c081485822b4328
is totally communicative!
"can now make swedish tea ring  it involves letting the dough rise twice  so, i am learning <propfemale>!"
loves the thunderstorms!
has suddenly become addicted to eating toasted bagels slathered in butter and peanut butter  oh the shameful joy 
is building a fence at her dad's!
is in the pit for the met ballet  see you tomorrow at 5 smile 0 at the lake <propfemale> bandshell for some summer music fun!
"next kso free concert is at the lake como pavilion  7 surprise 0, sunday august 16th  be there or be square!"
"is roasting a chicken tonight! with potatoes, green beans, salad, and good times! plus baking her own dinner rolls  <propfemale> ha!"
"update on dinner last night: the rolls were really wacky, man "
is sawing boards
can't wait to eat ham and cheese casserole!
's fingers are sore  practicing for wednesday   goltermann and la foi? the swan? bach unaccompanied? what to play when you're <propmale> but want to sound good?
is fired up! ready to go!!! let's make health care reform happen  it's time to care!
wants the headache to go away <whine>
is short of breath
has something in her eye 
was amazed!
's tank top doesn't quite reach the top of her pants any more  foo 
"wonders why some people are compelled to lick their fingers to turn pages  not only is it gross, it is unnecessary  this amazing thing called friction works great too! and haven't you heard of germs?! knock it off already!!!"
"it was the one subject which enabled him to forget himself, or allowed him, rather, to remember himself without constraint, because he was at home in it and could assert a superiority that there were few to dispute "
is crafty!
is about to have the nutcracker stuck in her head for another week   
is baking cupcakes  all day!
wore herself out baking cupcakes and had to take many naps 
feels so domestic~i made a crock pot pot roast today and had a sit-down meal and everything!
is content to know she can still walk 3 <propmale> at a time  hooray for the reindeer run!
is playing the nutcracker tonight! and tomorrow! sigh  at least there's pas de deux   
"woke up desiring cinnamon rolls  as they didn't magically appear at her whimsy, she indulged in baking a couple of cinnamon roll rings  several hours later, satisfaction achieved "
is on vacation!   that isn't paid   because she works for the government   dang  it's still 2 weeks i don't have to get up early! woot!
has a stupid cold 
"finds it difficult to eat 2 eggs every day  gross, unappetizing, yucky eggs  you and your \vitamins\"" and your \""protein\"" can go suck it!"""
has never enjoyed having other people touch her stomach so very much!
since when is bedtime before 10 o'clock? yeesh 
loves the feeling of a clean house and checking chores off the list!
loves you guys!!! mwah!!!
is on cloud nine
is nesting!
wonders why the floor is so darn far away these days   can't   quite   reach   !
is finally free!!! eeeeeeeee! hooray for maternity leave!!!
"hems and haws, drinks warm milk, plays sudoku, ponders how to overcome insomnia  not a fight i seem to be winning "
"ponders: what difference 5 days at this point? it's not like i've been pregnant for, let's see, 264 days (give or take!) now  argh!!!"
guess what? today i had    eggs <propmale>  not *quite* a baby!
no baby yet  apparently i am a comfortable incubator!
"ok, still no baby, but i am definitely no longer comfortable! zoiks!"
"apparently all i had to do is complain  that, and a good night's rain thunderstorm  it's still slo-mo, but i'm happy for any action!"
"<propfemale> <propfemale> arrived friday morning at 5:52! and yes, she was born under water!!! we're all home now and so thrilled to have our darling little girl! so very grateful for all the love and support everyone!!!"
is surprised being a 24-hour on-demand milk machine can take so much energy! somebody find me more food! and sleep!!!
is gradually getting the <propfemale> of this   
   or maybe not 
"you know you're a breastfeeding mother when your only, overarching, desperate fashion requirement is the ability to flash your boobies without removing your shirt "
"wants everything she can't have   a full night's sleep, a truckload of chocolate, and a 24-pack of real cokes  and a boatful of ice cream, and a magic bathroom-cleaning <propfemale> "
happy mother's day all you mommas!!! it's amazing how much you appreciate 'em once you are one!!! xoxo
"believes playing on the internet is better than eating, or sleep, or cleaning house   "
actually made her own granola and is eating a parfait while the little one sleeps  amazing!
"is apparently addicted to granola, fruit and yogurt parfaits! who knew? but this is such a delicious food!!!"
"is not allowed to shop at creative kidstuff any more  i ban myself for egregious levels of covetation  oh temptation, thy name is <propfemale> la giraffe "
"may ask herself, where is her mind? she should be in sleeping right now! go to bed!!!"
"felt a little over-accessorized on the walk today  baby in bjorn in the front, backpack in the back, dog on the left, phone on the right  sheesh!"
"is going back to work  feels a little early, but at least it's only a few hours a few nights a week! also, is it normal to miss your baby even if it's only for four hours a night? and to interrogate whoever was with her, even if it's your husband?!"
"is pumping at 4 smile 0 in the morning  this, or swim in milk for sleep  why didn't i have twins???"
where did i put that pause button???
is typing one-handed 
has decided nap trumps jog 
go  to  bed!!!
"drank the milk  yes, really  aaaannnndddd   it kind of tastes like rice milk!"
"went for a walk today  and that's my accomplishment! sheesh  also, annoyed that it's still hard  3 5 months post-partum and i'm not back to tip-top shape?! unbelievable "
"you may have tangible weath untold;\caskets of jewels and coffers of gold,\richer than i you can never be--\i had a mother who read to me \~strickland w  gillilan"
is happy!
"she's fussing so furiously with her thumb in her mouth and her eyes closed, but it's so hard to just leave her in the crib crying! yet less than thirty seconds after i leave the room, she's conked out  sheesh!"
hooray for almost a century (90 years) of women's right to vote! go 19th amendment! and thank you to all the women who've gone before me to make sure my life is my own and not owned by men!
survived her baby's first fever!
why is the ratio of fun-sized twix eaten in direct correlation with lateness to bed?!?!
"will be playing in a wedding in 2 days and has been practicing in front of the smiling baby for months  hey if <propfemale> likes it, it can't be that bad, can it?"
"can't concentrate  go brain, go!!!"
has suddenly become interested in crocheting again  i think i want to make all my yarn into string babies 
"today is a tough one  really, really tough "
getting past tough  just can't wait until we find out about the dang house! i can't stand it!
it is so pretty outside 
"and <propfemale> made carrot cake today! <propfirst> was in her moby in the facing out buddha pose, and mommy made sure she smelled all the spices! it was fun to watch all the mixing and shredding going on!"
my baby rode in the stroller without the carseat yesterday for the first time! woot!
likes playing in quartets 
"omg omg omg can not wait but must wait it's too much my head might e playful lode!!!\so instead i am watching \dexter\"" and eating oranges """
the waiting really is the hardest part  today's procrastination deflection attempt-to-ignore-the-crazy involved waaaaaay too much internet 
"we're going on over 24 hours in cloth and counting! although <propfirst> won't stand for it, he sneaks the disposables on her at night! still and all, it's not a bad compromise, right???"
eeeeeeeeeeee!!! pinch me - my dream is coming true!!!!!!
"ask and ye shall receive  got an email coupon yesterday from a company i just placed an order with last week  called, got 20% refunded! woot! that's not bad for 5 minutes of my time!"
"am i a nerd just because i like data? i mean, really, i like like it  i might even love it  is that so wrong?"
"<propfemale> is on her blanket, with her head in the middle and toys at the perimeter  instead of rolling over, she is slowly working her way around in a circle - revolving on her head! funny little thing "
"my little chompy is finally cutting her first tooth! oh, it's a doozy  poor baby just can't get comfortable!"
"eeeee! <propfemale> rolled over today! 23 weeks, 5 days  it was so cute i got all verklempt "
"likes the idea of once upon a child more than the reality of it, but still and all, a very productive morning!"
has a half-year old today  amazing!
is almost hyperventilating because she found a cuisinart sale! eeeeee!
feels very techmological this afternoon  thanks for taking a 3-hour nap sprout!
"packing, procrastinating, packing, packing, procrastinating   what was i doing again???"
sooooo much fun to catch up with <propfemale> <propfirst> danielson!!! xoxo
"i don't need anything  except this  just this ashtray    and this paddle game  and this remote control  and these matches  the ashtray, and these matches, and the remote control, and the paddle ball   and this lamp  and that's all i need  the ashtray, the remote control, the paddle game, and this magazine, and the chair   and i don't need one other thing, except my dog "
"oh my sweet little baby is reaching the \i'm happy sitting and gurgling and screeching to myself and playing with this thing\"" phase!!!"""
t minus 62 minutes and counting  trying to breathe  o  m  g!!! eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!
it is done  we have our house!
is now back on the interwebs  unpacking the house? maybe i can find a virtual house to unpack instead!
"if washing down dove caramel milk chocolates with egg nog is wrong, then i don't want to be right "
"if <propfirst> is so exhausted after ecfe that she falls alseep in her crib in her boots and jacket, is it wrong to just let her sleep that way???"
has decided that babies sleeping in hats is pretty  darn  cute 
"has become firmly entrenched in non-profitlandia  more offers to \give to the max\"" than i can count! good luck raising money worthy do-gooders!"""
"is not getting a lot of sleep lately  who is hungry at midnight, 3, 5 smile 0, and 8? give you 3 guesses!"
i have given up the cool  enjoying very much the sing-off!
baby crawls!!!
"tracking mortgage payments online = reality sinking in  so generally speaking, paying $1000 means the amount goes down about $100 a month  what a racket!"
"magical chore <propfemale>, i summon thee!"
what to do with leftover egg whites after you've hard-boiled the eggs to feed your baby the yolks?!
"require 4 more hours in day, please "
the drawback to working out at 9 smile 0 at night is that i am all wired up for hours afterward  but   my body will thank me!
nook!!!
"eeeeeeeeeeeee!!! feeling so loved!!!  love   love   love \thank you to all my friends for the well wishes and the love!\may it come back to you a hundred to the hundreth power!!!"
"is adrift in a sea of dependent individuals with colds, teething troubles, exhaustion and the like  and by sea i mean \two\""  but it ain't easy being the only healthy one!"""
spring cleaning time is here-just in time for neighborhood house’s march food drive! clean out your cupboards to donate non-perishable food items to the food shelf! contact me and i can pick up your donation  fight hunger!
"cleaning, cleaning, cleaning (in my mind)  procrastinating, procrastinating, procrastinating (in my reality) "
held a newborn baby today and marveled at how giant her nearly-year-old offspring has become - or how much stronger her upper body muscles have gotten  the newborn was as light as a feather!
