6f382a83844ce49588fc7da5d92b6d44
"is fed up with borders  i have yet to buy anything from your little cafe  i've never even been near it  i buy books  why do you insist on spitting out coupons for coffee? i frickin' hate coffee! and if i ever did want to partake of a mango smoothie, it would be from a place that spits out logical coupons  pay attention to what i buy, damnit! stupid hippies and their stinky coffee     "
"just my luck  out of 22 possible side effects, the only one i get is 'bad taste ' joy "
another fun filled afternoon at the hospital with mom  at least she's out of icu now 
"really really hoping for a snow day  but then, they don't care about our safety enough to close that place  stupid work  why can't people have patrons anymore like back in the day?"
"sent another of my babies off  feel slightly better about this one than i have the others, but i'm sure i'll get another rejection anyway  *sigh*"
"who said i sing <propfemale> spears aloud when no one's watching??? stop looking in my windows, damnit!"
hooray for new glasses! i can see again!
i can call myself a  real writer now!!!!!!! *insert insanely giddy happy dance here*
nine months til i see my name in print  i wonder if this is how all those pregnant ladies at work feel 
my horoscope recently listed 'hermit' as an ideal job for me  i wonder what kind of benefits and paid vacation time come with that position 
"am no longer being haunted and mocked by a song i couldn't place, thanks to the search-master i married  maybe i'll actually cook some this weekend to reward him  laugh "
"really doesn't like this work, off, work, off, work, off  i miss my two days in a row  sad "
blah  make of it what you will 
"you know how when you hold in a fart long enough, the urge eventually goes away? what happens to the fart at that point? do we all have countless unborn farts wandering around our bodies right now searching for the path back to our asses? and will we e playful lode if they join together and there's suddenly a mass exodus?"
i freaking hate hot weather  i'm going to become a penguin and move to antartica  who's coming with me?
"yahoo is now my enemy  it's suddenly decided that i should be sending emails as '<propfemale> ' i hope you drown in hippo urine, yahoo "
"will someone please remind me why i was so excited when i got this job? if i had known i was going to wind up stuck in that loathsome, soul-sucking pit for-freaking-ever, i'd have stayed at tjmaxx "
"found invader zim, aah! real monsters, and rocko's mondern life  i love you, netflix "
listened to my horoscope and friends  we'll see how this pans out 
"productive day at work  edited, wrote, edited some more  worked on some cross stitch  i think i'd still like my job if people didn't feel the need to question their insurance so freaking much "
just found out a lady died in my apartment   50% <propmale> it was in the room i sleep in every night  a dead lady house and a dead lady car  not many things could make me happier right now  *squeeeeeeeeeee*
just found out the craft stores have the halloween stuff out  squee!!!! going to attack them friday with a my favorite bad influence 
"spent two days playing seamstress and didn't break a single needle  also, only had to threaten my machine once  i think it's finally realized that i very well may throw it in the river if it continues to piss me off "
so i just realized what a loser i am  i spent forty minutes talking to cleverbot because i had no one else to talk to  i'm pretty sure it was one of the most stimulating coversations i've had on this computer in a while  but at least my farts don't smell bad enough to scare the shit out of the cat   i do have that going for me 
bitch is gone for two days  who wants to come help me fill her refrigerator and food containers with farts?
doing the happy new-job-dance
"cupcakes to celebrate my freedom from pissy old <propfemale> people  in other news, i may fart on the silverware, but my hubby is so awesome he poops in the kitchen sink "
tried being normal today  felt naked and even more awkward than normal  tomorrow they meet the coffin 
holy shit   it's the middle of the week and i was home in time to cook dinner  that hasn't happened since   about a year and a half a go  horray for new jobs with normal hours!
<propfirst>'s had halloween  a c  moore had halloween  hobby lobby had halloween  now <propfemale> has halloween  weeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
accepted into another anthology  squee!!!
"i did this make-your-own <propfemale> thing  at the end, you make a <propfemale>-sized t with a custom message  it told me bad words weren't accepted because <propfemale> doesn't talk like that  um   my <propfemale>s always used bad words  they also killed each other, sometimes running each other over with the <propfemale> corvette, buried the evidence beneath the pool and then killed anyone who got too nosey  i guess i played <propfemale>s wrong  sad "
"sometimes when i see extended families together and happy, i get sad and wonder why my family can't be like that  then i remember who i'm related to and i'm fine with the distance between us all "
my laptop just peed on me  not too sure how i feel about that  i'm not sure i was ready to take our relationship to that level yet 
"<propmale> <propmale> can kill you quickly, but <propmale> campbell can talk you into doing it yourself "
"curse you, ebay! how am i supposed to make money making purses if you keep letting people steal the cute, cheap fabric out from under me??"
finally got to watch supernatural without having to wait and downloaded it a day later  jobs with free cable kick ass 
i think i'm officially hooked on sister wives  i just picked it over spongebob 
is red and hates the freaking sun 
ready to punch today inthe fucking face  grrr
"i hate having to choose addams family values or <propmale> horror picture show  decisions, decisions "
"okay, seriously  pumpkin-pie-cheesecake   moonpie    screw the people who are trying to save the world  the team making the new flavors for krogers' icecream deserves the nobel prize!"
<propmale> horror on guitar hero cause my hubby is awesome enough to indulge my obsessions   even the ones that annoy the piss right out of him  laugh 
got to see my name in non-newsprint for the first time this afternoon when my books came  i squeed so hard i peed a little  laugh 
"the child in me wants to put up a christmas tree right now  the adult in me wants to knock that child out, wrap it in plasstic bags and shove it in one of those rubbermaid tubs to shut it up  i don't care if all the stores are playing christmas music  it's too damn early!"
"okay, christmas, i'm ready for you now  got my tree staple-gunned to the wall and a skull all glittered up for a topper  bring it on, holiday "
"dear <propfemale>, for christmas this year i'd like to be approved for a home <propfemale>  give me this and i'll let you off the hook for not bringing me that magic nursery doll i wanted sooo much when i was in second grade "
"i told the turkey i wanted to watch it dance on its deathbed of stuffing  it threw the carving knife at me  it missed and i tore its legs off  i won, but i'm pretty sure i hear it plotting its revenge in the fridge "
my sewing machine just let me sew through two pieces of foam  didn't think it would make it  i take back the last time i called it a piece of shit and threatened to throw it in the river  just the last time though  it hasn't earned any further forgiveness yet 
the world tastes so much better through a silly straw
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, guys  ya'll make me feel all special  laugh "
"spent most of the day looking at houses  was almost a total bust, but i found a she-ra poster in a closet and then <propfirst> found one of jem and the realty-lady was cool enough to look the other way while we peeled them off the walls  hooray for people hanging stuff up in the 80s and forgetting about it!!!!"
dear mr  pibb: please stop calling yourself a 'spicy <propfemale>' beverage  you are neither spicy or <propfemale>  i am sure there are countless <propfemale>-loving mexicans who are quite disappointed that you aren't the perfect accompaniment to their hotter-than-hell meals 
"so, i just found out that <propfemale> has a facebook  i don't know which is worse   that she has one or that the twilight saga is among her favorite pages  i always thought <propfemale> was better than that "
worried you don’t get enough calcium? kill people and eat their bones!
"ever notice how, in the commercials, it's always the woman eating the phallic-shaped wrap sandwich as the guy dribbles some condiment on his pants? why do people insist on trying to make food sexy? i'm sure there are people out there who want to fuck your angus burger, but please stop making them think it might be acceptable for them to do it in the restaurant "
found my house   justin hates it  sad  i wonder how mad he'd be if i left him here   
