546d53d8ef31a5d2d7616122e308bcf2
"glad 2009's coming to an end  this year sucked for many reasons  some more obvious than others  but fuck it, heading into 2010  going back to school, upcoming birthday, there's a lot of potential for 2010 "
does anyone get off facebook?
kool-aid! its tha enuhgee drink fah niggahs!
tireedd from workk  at least the day went by quickly  and i'm slowly becoming a facebook fag 
how is my friend of the day my enemy of the day?     just wondering   
"saw the gamer  not that good  it was like an acid trip    only, since i was sober, it didn't quite make sense to me     annoyed "
day off tmmrw    finally 
hope the chargers lose tonight    and how the hell is buffalo winning?
moving to guttenburg tmmrw  lol
finally finished moving in  just took about 13 hours  > annoyed 
"oh, btw, i'm bald now    again  like, #1 all around bald  just putting it out there  so    you know  don't be too surprised next time you see me "
i just got <propmale> roll'd     laugh 
"never gonna give, never gonna give    give  you  up "
ya'll gon make me lose mah mind! up in here! up in here! ya'll gon make me go all out! up in here! up in here! lmao dmx is so     fuckin black 
i suck at poker     annoyed 
4-0 broncos   laugh 
"so, my broncos won    again "
    why dont you go back to your home on whore island!?
"well, i'll be the first yankee hater to congradulate you guys on your world series win  can't wait to see how you guys manage to fuck it up for the next 5-8 years  faggots "
"so if the saints keep winning, i'm just gonna be one upset negro "
yo  so    i'm tired 
yo so    anyone wanna get a burlington coat factory logo tattoo with me?
"wooow  we lost to the fuckin chiefs  wouldn't have made it anyway, but shit "
thanks to anyone who wished me a happy birthday that i hadn't    answered back  i really appreciate it   smile 
yo so if the jets win  i'm just gonna cry 
oooooooooohhhhh my fucking god  jets scored again  - -
peyton muthafuckin manning! shit thank god
colts  fuck  nuff' said 
i actually really miss school lol
"http annoyed  www formspring me yeathatblackkid so yeah, could i get asked ridiculous questions next?"
so the power came back  and <propfirst>'s a piece of crap  and yeah   
"so, um  yeah  i think it's that time of the year to ask  should i cut the hair orrrr    go for another afro? even though i'm going to take adult education classes  so, that'll look real cool  but anyway, yeah  i'm leaning towards cutting it    but i wanted to ask  so yeah  answer below this thing "
<propmale> velez is dead to me 
so i got up for no apparent reason  my school closed because of the weather warning    hasn't snowed    even rained  but nah  school's closed 
http annoyed  www formspring me yeathatblackkid  i'm bored do it  - -
"so, life doesn't have anymore meaning cause the god damn saints won  which basically insinuates to my that god is telling me that life is bullshit  so, yeah  fuck life  and uhh  <propmale> bush is a fag  and  yeah  other frustrated things that i can't quite put into words right now "
it'd be cool if burlington coat factory closed tommorow cause of the weather warning    - -
lol i'm sore as shit  played football more in the last 2 days than     i had in like    the last 2 months 
"well, i appreciate whomever randomly im'd me, signed off, and made me lose the game  really    appreciated that "
"so, school got canceled  again  that's cool  - -"
feelin wavey as a mufuckuh lmao i feel good man  finally  no stress 
"school got canceled again  they dnt pick up phones, no answering machine, no sign at the door  i even went back at 9, to see the doors still locked  i mean    it's free and shit, but it's getting ridiculous now  - -"
i really hate <propmale> velez  he's dead to me 
gonna get a hair cut today  lol finally  =p
happy 4 20   laugh 
<propmale> tebow's a bronco  pissed  lol
i'm tired of the mediocrity  but i really dnt have anyone else to blame  - -
"i be high, then i be low  i be low, then i be high  it's like a battle knife to a gun fight  but i be cool, it's the story of my life "
"i be up up and away, up up and away, cause they gon judge me anyway    so whateverrr "
lol wooaaahhh 
celtics better win  i'm tired of seeing kobe winning   
lol kobes pissed  i'm glad  aaaand boston wins  i'm satisfied 
celtics up 3-2  kobe scores 38 and loses  one more win   
like this status and i won't give a shit  - -
"kobe looks focused    i'm scared lol, hopefully the celtics come up big though  i'm counting on them to piss kobe off for another year "
lol kobe's struggling out there    looking good for boston
so usa's incapable of defending in the first 5 minutes of the match  noticed that  mmmm 
"germany's got an amazing counter attack    well seeing as england lost, now if ghana were to lose    i'd just go back to not really caring about soccer for the next 4 years "
lol not for nothing but these world cup refs are terrible 
"so what's good with all the brazil <propmale> riders? the amsterdam players just had the higher quality of play  lol sorry i had to  but, yeah  go home brazil  ghana's gonna win anyway "
lol ghana come on  lol cheating ass uruguay    fuck it we got this  i hope 
pissed  now i'm just gonna go back to not giving a fuck about soccer for the next 4 years    - -
add me if i dnt already have you  bbm pin-3116b963
"even though i now hate soccer, i do feel a little better about ghana losing by seeing <propfemale> getting blown out "
all i wanna see is some potheads win the world cup   
somebody said that they was gonna take me off my cloud  now i'm just flyin tryna figure out how    how? how could they do that? you know i'm still on it    you know i'm still on it   
katt <propmale> show  lmaoo
holy shit  there's always fucking sirens going off in guttenburg  it's fucking annoying  - -
i was attacked by some idiot in the projects 
so i'm jobless now  but fuck it  i got my head high and i'm gonna be on my way to success  fuck any haters or doubters 
so t i apparently got locked up    again    for suspicion of possesion of meth  coool  - -
"garage like roots, i got more whips than kunta lmao"
so i got woke up by an apparent prank call from <propmale> dodson    thanks whoever that was  - -
way too many cartoon pictures    it's sort of creepy now 
thanks to anyone who showed some love today  last two days were fun as hell   laugh 
what's good with <propfirst> lopez's deep philosophical statuses?
"<propmale> velez: 9:28 pm\    women aren't allow to have an education!!\\wow, this guys a <propmale> "
