c1540e5104fb40cd23d9ed75a358aee9
"just realized i've ever actually dated before, i've always had boyfriends  dating sucks dude "
misses <propfirst>  one day was not enough 
watching bram stoker's dracula!
"irritated, hurt, frustrated, let down, disappointed, pissed off, and excited"
hyper!!!
is leaning and ricking with it
"<propfemale>, you cant spell"
"researching schools  ugh  such a pain, but so excited!"
"oh my  so i found like 16 schools that dont need physics, 10 of those dont need an intro to radiology class (dont have access to anything like that here), and 9 of those 10 i dont need or have already fulfilled my volunteer hours, and 5 of those 9 i reall"
"to all of those that knew damen, i know i don't have to tell you, pray for those he left behind  they lost the one that they cherished above even themselves, and they lost him long before his time  god bless "
bored  miss my adult swim and futurama and csi
"new discovery: doing the <propfemale> keller is not as attractive as i thought it would be, in reference to the sex noises  lol"
"i was watching iron chef and got motivated, so i made dinosaur chicken nuggets"
"ok  guys, really just go to textsfromlastnight com"
finally finished my book only to find that the ending made me cry and now i miss <propfirst> buko big time  damn it 
gotta sleep so that i can actually get up in the am to work out!
"yes i am a geek- i saw the midnight premier of hp  it was really good, but the end was kind of disappointing- where the hell was the battle scene?!"
i miss my baby!!
i hate my computer!!!
oh my god!!! i'm learning to crochet! i made a big long rat tail lookin chain  so excited!!!
f*#! crochet!
"dang it, now i want chinese food  leasha!!! i want fooooooood!"
its early and nothin to do   
fml
"visited the man! so nice  perfect brake that i needed  he comes home in a couple weeks for 5 days and then home in october!!! as soon as i got home, jumped in the shower and went on a date with my <propfemale>- <propfemale> garden, build a bear (little marines of course), and ice cream  smile  now we're watching 300 and she's sewing "
k  chick flick time  come on notebook  depressing 
"totally punched <propfemale> in the face, now she has a fat lip!"
"went to work, went grocery shopping, didn't buy any books (so proud!), ate, cleaned, made juice, now paying bills  i'm a big girl!"
i miss my baby 
got a letter from hamid  poor ec monitor  lol 
"after my crack-head moment yesterday, i'm feelin low today  ugh  so tired "
applying to schools is stressful but im so excited!
fml
"<propfemale> killed me this morning  the power went out at work at 4, were told that it wouldn't be back on till 630, so we closed up early  not a bad day  smile "
friggin hamid got me addicted to house  bed time for bonzo
ugh  mothers and money are the two most difficult things in the world to manage  is it gonna be like this the rest of my life?
have you ever just wasted to fing scream at everyone? ever feel stressed and wonder what it is that's causing it? yeah  one word  mother 
"ok, so bathroom door is locked from the inside  we cant get in  maintenance wont call back  if i cant wash my face, hair, teeth, or put on make up for work tomorrow, i'm calling in sick "
<propfemale> has effectively gotten me addicted to alias  damn it 
guinness tastes like coffee    but cold and bubbly 
"i dont know why i watch the office, but its strangely entertaining "
all medical and school bills and parking tickets paid! now i can start saving and paying off my credit card!!!
so ant left  six more weeks and then he's home for good!
<propfemale> is on ninja turtle status- scare her when she's half asleep and what is her reaction? to fall on her back and wave her arms around 
i worked out today! yay me! now lets see if i can keep it up!
our wild and crazy friday night: target (bought hangars for 1 50) and cultive (free ice cream)  sweet  now watching push 
"damn, did i miss the rain? wtf?"
"work: pong practice, cleaning, stupid people, and football  if i work superbowl again this year, i'm going postal "
"kanye's a <propmale>  sorry for the language, but there is no nice word for a person as rude as him  yahoo the video of the vma's where kanye steals <propfirst> swift's moment  poor baby "
beyonce is hott! oh  my  god  and pink has got a voice  damn  so much talent  who the f*%# invited kanye?
i have my volunteer orientation next thursday!!! yay me!!! so flippin excited!
yay  on to my bls for healthcare providers class where i get to learn everything i already know and pay 70 bucks for a card that has a slightly different title than the one i have now  whatev- one more step closer to applying for schools right?
just what i needed today- lots and lots of sleep and bed rest  sometimes you just need a rest 
wish my brain had an off switch  tried reading- still awake  tried turning on that smooth old school <propfemale> braxton  still awake  damn it 
immunization records: check           various household supplies: check dining room table: check                 clean house:     ugh   
kitchen: check laundry:in progress  heck yes 
last chore left: pick up livingroom so i can vacuum  sweet!!!
i've got three days off this week  what am i gonna do with myself? anyone need a babysitter?
"paying <propfirst> to make me cry today, then off to sutter in sac to do my volunteering orientation! yay fun!!!"
whoo! i'm gonna call the volunteer director everyday till my background check clears- then i get my nifty id badge and start volunteering! i also found my competition- she's volunteering at the same department with me and going for radiology    i'm gonna git 'er!!! ka-pow!! right in the shins!!
"if you guys get the <propmale>, check out modrn family on hulu  hella funny"
three days off and now back to work    but i <propmale> wanna!!!
i'm lonely and want my <propfemale> back right meow!
ok so who can either: hook me up with a part time job or talk me up to <propfemale> so i can get a raise?
"chicken marinated in guiness, veggies  and fresh fruit for dinner  books and movies from the library for entertainment  woo!"
"anyone know where these are from? \homie don't play dat!\"" \""mo money mo money mo money\"" \""that movie gets two snaps up\"" \""clutch the pearls! what a sneaky thing to do\"""""
"oh my god  they're making \i hope they serve beer in hell\"" into a movie """
"poor cal, yenny, you gotta be pissed losing a bet to <propfirst>  yay 49ers!"
"not normally a football fan, but san <propfirst> definately has my attention"
"this volunteering nonsense is bull  everytime i get excited and think i can start, they tell me i need something else  wtf?!"
"woo! finally start volunteering on tuesday  two days a week, four hours a day  so excited!"
sewing my volunteer patch on my shirt for tomorrow  not bad for not handling a needle in   8 years 
our parking structure is flooded  only way to get from the apartment to the car with dry feet is to keep on the speed bumps  oh and our heater is broken so i'm wearing two pairs of socks and my robe over my sweatshirt  redonculous
volunteer day two tomorrow  hope its busier 
"i feel like the crazy lady from robots with the screws falling out of her head: \i'm looosing my miiiind!\"""""
f@ck itunes!
ever had a day when you just wanted to go postal? at least no one told me to smile today- they woulda been first on the hit list 
"f m l  sometimes a true friend is one that tells you the truth, no matter what you wanna hear "
omg  titans got slaughtered so bad fox took the game off tv  embarrassing
"getting all these tasks done for all these different schools is rediculous  should i narrow it down from ten, or just say to hell with it and apply to all of them?"
oh my god  so bored 
"so for new brakes (cuz everything's gotta go): little less than a grand  so- say eff it and pay it, or say eff it and start lookin for a new car?"
"good day today- busy day at the hospital, got comfortable with the techs, dinner coffee and pedicure with my mommy, and now watching livin in color  oh! and it was pay day!"
"makin the boys watch <propfemale> bride, and <propmale> is actually into it  silly af "
shower time for stinky- night all!!!
"so, its over  bad timing i know, but i've never been good at that  i'm a bitch and i'm evil i know  got nothin to say cuz its done and over and im not gonna put myself through it anymore  it was great and he'll probably never understand and he'll probably always hate me, but i know what i know and i had to do this for me  for those that still love me, pray for me please to get over this all quickly "
"we're men, manly men, we're men in tights, tight tights!"
"do i look like a cat to you, boy? am i jumpin' around all nimbly bimbly from tree to tree?  am i drinking milk from a saucer?  do you see me eating mice? you stop laughing right meow!"
"in the immortal words of my mother: \neener neener neener!!!\"""""
"had a pretty good girl's day out with mom and leash- shopping lunch and coffee  now though- just a general malaise  whatever, one day down, a million more to go eh?"
pick up any breaking <propmale> cd and it'll be a soundtrack to my life at any point in my life  fucking  love it 
"figures, get an interview for a job at a hospital (finally), and i cant do it  its only a temporary position and i'd have to practically give up gold's  i mean i wouldn't mind if they offerd me a full time job that would actually let me do something other than clean "
"ever sit there all quiet, but inside you're yelling b c you dont know what else to do?"
"pre-req's done  applications done  medical info done  transcripts done  volunteer hours and verification forms done  recommendation forms- 2 down, 1 to go  fucking  sweet "
"if anyone knows of some parties this weekend that i can take leash to (under 21) let us know k? everyone have fun, be safe, be nice to the kiddies"
"oh being single is way too much damn fun sometimes  \they're all gonna come outta the woodwork baby\"""""
"damn, single for barely a week and someone pretty frickin sweet drops into my lap  damn it "
"ya know what- i actually like bein on my own by my own damn self, no man needed or wanted but for two things"
i fucking hate money 
"i hate being sick  evil flu of some sort- migraine, cough, throwing up, sore  so happy leasha's here to be my nurse "
should be back up and running tomorrow- no longer moving like an 80 year old woman 
"feelin better: money in the bank account, even after the bills are paid, and i'm actually feeling better  smile "
thank god for <propmale> <propmale>- he makes me laugh 
i cant wait to get back into my busy little schedule- i actually get depressed without it 
"i'm so ronery, so ronery that i could die"
"oh my god  love thanksgiving  hate the tummy ache  traditional food with leash's family today  crab, lobster, shrimp and crawdads with my family tomorrow  smile "
"in everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out   it is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being   we should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like <propmale>    it has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival "
"i'm happy where i'm at, with the decisions i've made, the people i know and love, and i wouldn't change a damn thing"
"so i always thought that i was an angry person  but lately i'm starting to realize that i am an angry person  and i think i'm starting to figure out why  it'll be a slow process, so i just wanna say sorry for any bithcy negative attitude for past present and future  love you all "
"flat fing tire this morning  gotta slap on the spare tonight after work, run errands then pray to god that <propmale> schwab can simply repair it  fing nails- plural- in my fing tire  jackasses  bunch of small things are adding up and giving me an ulcer  literally "
"<propfemale> (1946) with <propfemale> hayworth, and the phantom of the opera  heck  yes "
"does anyone else's itunes suck and not work? ever since i downloaded version 9, i cant get the itunes store  their loss i guess "
"figures that when i put in my two weeks to stop volunteering, i find out the students are leaving, so i may actually have had something to do  just don't have the money to keep drivin out there to get paid for nothin  it was fun most of the time though  learned a lot  loved the people "
damn car won't start  again  so i'm stuck at the gym till my car cools down  hope it just needs fluids 
"is it too much to ask for a guy that turns me on physically mentally and emotionally, shows me affection and gets along with my family and friends? and for those things to be reciprocated?"
"question: you have a dream job- the one you fantasize about- and then you have reality job; not as cool, but still could be happy doing it  you're not guaranteed either, but reality job is more attainable, logical and safe  if you go for the dream job and don't get it, you get stuck doing who the hell knows what, and you're locked into it for years before you can try for it again  dream job or reality job?"
anyone know what the military's flight physical consists of?
"nothin like seein the ex to get your brain down a bad path  depressed angry lonely hurt  did't just lose a boyfriend, lost a lover and most of a all my best friend  its been a few months, but reopening a wound fuckin hurts  never regretted a thing, but sometimes wish it never happened  sometimes "
need out  so done 
taking asvab on tuesday for the army 
"trying to figure out how im going to make international calls    skype wont work on my phone, google voice is awesome so far, and vonage restricts me to home "
"mr  sandman, bring me a dream make him the cutest that i've ever seen give him the word that i'm not a rover then tell him that his lonesome nights are over"
asvab today  come on 110 gt!
asvab score: 88 99 score needed to get warrant officer: 110 general technical  score received: 121 general technical!!! next steps: 1  meps physical 2  afast 3  flight physical
i'm losing my mind!
dressing up and going for beers! i love being a girl!
"i was not <propmale> over, i had food poisoning  jeeze "
took the meps physical today  they found my damn flat feet  yay more paperwork  take the afast next  week  smile  anyone know anything that i should study specifically?
"why do people play games? you ask what i'm doin tonight, i tell ya, and you say \nice\""  why don't people ask for what they want? is it a game or a lack of testicles?"""
"afast pushed off till i find out if my feet are approved for the military  whatev, more time to study "
"day two of two-a-day workouts and i'm already tired  need to rethink my strategy with school coming up, cant be a live-in gym rat"
class day one: pharmacology needs an access code  60 bucks  for a code  and they mail it to me  in seven to ten days  fml
"\they're so beautiful  using them for evil is like beating a unicorn to death with rainbows\"""""
thank god for those people that come in une playful ectedly and remind you that its really not that bad  sorry <propmale>  sad 
   so    much    studying!!!
"spend all day working at the gym, come home to do hw dishes and cook, and then go back to the gym to print notes and work out  gah "
cant     focus     on pharmacology    so    much    info!
"car stalled in the middle of the street- so no class for me tonight  no money, car's dying, 3 year wait list for school  my mantra? 6 more months 6 more months 6 more months"
omg pharmacology is ridiculous  16 chapters and 6 quizzes by the 16th? and an exam? wth man?
my knee  friggin hurts  ohmygod 
"celebrity look alike change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like  if you have more than one, change it everyday! re-post this on your status, and see our celebrity look alikes!  urbandictionary com status update for the day:type in your first name, copy and paste this as your facebook status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"knee's propped up again  gettin worse every day for the past week  no work in \the pit\"" tomorrow- rest the knee  try to have the doc check it out and make sure its not worse than i'm hoping """
"sweet  so i have \runner's knee\"" and need to work out through it till the ligaments and tendons get stronger  ouch """
"the best part about the game? the food! <propmale>'s pulled pork and ribs with kinder's bbq sauce, samoan ribs, and tri tip, and my mom's new creation: \o\"" truffles  delish"""
fml
"14 chapters, 6 quizzes, 1 exam, 1 2pg paper, 1 5 hr session at the gym, and 1 3hr class in less than 24 hours    what the frick was i thinking?"
"wah wah, wah wah wah wah! leash, you know what i'm talkin bout! gah!"
"little black dress night at the park tonight  leash got us vip tickets  sceptical, but i can't resist a <propmale> to dress up and have a little fun "
babysitting money paid for hair cut  smile  cut a good 6-8 inches off  and drinks at the park? never again- hella e playful ensive 11 more chapters  2 more quizzes and actually 2 more exams to go!
"sometimes, i'd really like to punch some sense into my recruiters  fml "
grad was fun with my <propfemale> and my leash  actually danced! yay me!
"ok, haven't worked out in a week and i'm having another <propfirst> bartlett moment    nuts"
a-hahaha! i  fucking  win!
ya  not going to the gym  so  fing  tired  ridicuous i say!
friggin recruiter's a stress ball man
"kicked my microbiology test's ass, went totreasure island for a rugby game, walked down the wharf and fed the crazy ass seagulls, goin to the grad with the girls, and <propfirst>'s see ya party tonight  so glad i took the day off work!"
"blame canada! blame canada! how is it the one game we lose, is the one that matters? damn it  go usa!"
work study work study    when do i get to work out man? gah 
don't wanna do homework  sad 
"its finally <propfemale> outside, my bills are manageable, my time is manageable, i'm doing well in my classes, and i don't have a \calm before the storm\"" feeling yet  yay  me """
so my feet passed the army's regulations  but the process of becoming a warrant officer will take more than a year  f that noise! i go in next week to look at available mos's to enlist  fingers crossed for blackhawk crew chief and air assault!
"so, as long as i get wednesday off work, i sign my life away to the us army "
"my week: nap shower work study, study work, meps, study class, work study class study, class san <propfirst>, study    there's something wrong with this picture   "
thanks all for the birthday wishes! i love you all!
so its official  i leave in june 
"smiled all damn day at work, had good conversations, came home and cooked and did a pretty damn good job at it too! first time making fried chicken- not bad"
appreciation- i want some
"the job may not be the best always, but the boys make my day"
both trips to the gym and human development paper are accomplished  now i just gotta make it through class  yay me!
army doesnt know how to friggin march! or teach people how to march! just let me do it! i did it for four damn years! gah!
not so much a breath of fresh air as a masochistic sucker punch to the solar plexus
"in the mood for a mind f***, gotta love the departed"
you can tell when i've been cooking- the whole apartment smells like garlic  mmmm    delicious 
"if all else perished and he remained, i should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger  my love for linton is like the foliage in the woods  time will change it i'm well aware  my love for heathcliff resembles the eternal rocks beneath- a source of little visible delight but necessary i am heathcliff, not as a pleasure, but as my own being "
4 whiskey sours and a blue <propfemale>- lovin life right now  smile 
"lost my id, didn't go to trx or go swimming, but had a blast!"
tax time 
damn taxes!
i'm learning to love cooking  smile 
i feel like my favorite love song was written about a sandwich 
we really need new movies   
such a gleek  love it!
"two months to go and i still cant pump out a legit push up or even run two <propmale>  wtf guys, i'm getting nervous!"
"sprints and trx kicked my ass today, and my sgt calls up to tell me to come prepared for my physical fitness assesment  ha! ya  right "
"i don't mean to toot my own horn, but    toot toot!"
house- clean  fridge- stocked  homework- ya right 
why am i taking pre-nursing classes if i'm just gonna be a grease monkey in the military?
the first episode of house  its so weird!!
"love is a beautiful thing- but have you ever appreciated the difficulty of it? in order to work, two people that meet at the right place, at the right time, need to love to the same degree with mutual willingness, devotion, and stubbornness, and then last through the changes, sickness, kids, wants, needs, demands  couples that have been married for 50 years and can still say they love each other, are truly blessed "
"i have a feeling the us army is gonna kick my ass, and i'm gonna like it   "
"so, guess i cant balance work, school, training, and a social life  ugh  2 more weeks of school, 4 more of work, and 6 more of social "
researching effects of divorce on a child  man  i made it out easy 
a day full of lovely surprises 
rah!!!! losing my f*%&ing mind
still losing my f*%&ing mind 
"time to refocus my energy into something a little more worthy yes? like maybe school, or  training? yes i think so  to help me flip the switch- does anyone have any new music? something not on the radio preferably, unheard "
friggin  recruiter  ugh 
sometimes all you can do is shake your head and laugh as you walk the hell away 
"\you cant control your emotions \""\",c1540e5104fb40cd23d9ed75a358aee9,date night with the leasha!
"best road rage comment: \im gonna punch you in the face ad brake your mirror!\"""""
"a good mask is complex and time consuming, but looks so simple to the onlooker that it appears real  a good mask changes with its surroundings, letting people see what they want to see; its enticing  the wearer gets so attached, they forget its a facade, until someone comes up and rips it off to bear the raw, e playful osed self underneath "
"ruined my week, and i'm so over it  see how shit pans out today, yes?"
"all financial cancellations, suspensions, and automatic deductions are set in preparation for the move and boot! its gettin real guys! leasha's gonna cry as soon as she reads this   "
"go to your profile <propfemale> and scroll all the \waydown to the bottom  on the bottom left corner in little blue \letters,click \english\"" when the language selection appears", click \c1540e5104fb40cd23d9ed75a358aee9,"if anyone has boxes i can use, let me know  now that finals are done, i need to start packing "
"just bought: moylan's <propfemale> red, rabbit's foot biere de miele (beer mead), chimay peres trappistes (belgian white ale), and ayinger altbairisch dunkel (<propmale> dark)- who wants to help me drink them?"
boondock saints ii- please god sed me an irishman
boondock saints ii sucked  turned it off early  watching daybreakers instead  love it  smile 
"everytime you're mentioned, i get a blood rush to the head, heart beating out of my chest, my entire body flushes, i lose the ability to speak, and i can't move- and everytime all i can think about is how to bust your face or break your heart "
"things pile up and i don't know how to get my feet under me sometimes, but someone always comes along and reminds me that i am extremely lucky, loved, and not alone  i have got nothing but good things because the bad things have discharged themselves from my life  to everyone that's been supporting me and pushing me, thank you  i need it "
"people say that god only gives you what you can handle, but they forget to mention that, if god has faith in you, you must have faith in yourself in order to make it through"
"what i'm finding lately, is people giving up on their dreams  they set them aside for someone else  never put your dreams aside and then blame someone else  the biggest impression you can make on a person, is following through with your passion "
"a few things i've discovered today: \1  my family and i are meant for each other because we all think the same things (\that person is one chromosome away from a congenital defect\"") \",c1540e5104fb40cd23d9ed75a358aee9,"after a long time of struggling with it, im finally proud to say to everyone  im gay!!! i am really, really gay  like so gay, i open a can of tuna and leave it out cuz i think its a great air freshener  mmm      i do love me some fish "
"i am not gay, hamid you big dousche"
"this weekend has consisted of packing, lifting, beer, taco <propfemale>, spackling with a wooden spoon, cleaning, sneezing, sweating, and two-stepping  gotta love moving "
"lots of prep goin on today  yard raked, lawn mowed, roses pruned, food bought and prepared, alcohol stored away, tables set up  about 80 people comin in and out of here tomorrow  hope you all get food   "
gonna be a long ass day
"5 days people  if you wanna see me before i go, text or call me! if not, i'll be back on fb in like 10 weeks "
"dad's cooking was saturday, mom's cooking tonight- yum! shepard's pie and black <propfemale> cobbler, homemade from scratch "
"went to sonoma with the parents- went wine tasting at ravenswood and highway 12, had franzikaner hefe weiss at a new <propmale> restaurant, and then had legit portugese food  nothin like gettin an afternoon buzz with your parents!"
"fyi: i'll have myphone on until the 14th of june, no more facebook after tomorrow, and if you want to write me you can either 1  mail me on facebook and leash will print it and send it (give your address so that i can send directly back to you) or 2  get my address from leash, mom, or <propmale> (they should have it after i send them my first letter)  i should be done with bct by august 20th"
"if i was ever married, it was to my m16 for 2 months  i will now be dating my uh-60 "
"first exam tomorrow; blue book (ait regulations) test, pt test, class a inspection, room locker inspection all next week so that we can \phase up\"" - wear civies and go off post on the weekends!"""
"oh, and putting in my wish list for where i wanna get stationed saturday hopefully after another finance briefing  hoping for: hawaii, germany, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, or new york"
"so i put in my requests: ft polk, la; ft  bragg, nc;  ft benning, ga; hawaii, germany, or korea  a lot of people have been getting sent to o-conus, so we'll see!"
4days of rain  pt kickin my ass  all wet and sore for all the wrong reasons  tgif though!
4 day weekend starting tomorrow- i plan on coming back very dehydrated after making sacrifices to the porclein god 
civilian r&r has been replaced with army private's i&i- intercourse and intoxication
weapons draw and black stat in about    four hrs  almost done!
good: aced tail rotor  bad: black stat is apparently less than phase four
korea bitches!
"thank god for good friends  no matter what you do, they can look at you, call you a dumbass, and laugh at you "
cant wait till next weekend! bittersweet 
ive figured out why my friends are usually considered assholes; its because they tell the truth no matter how sucky or blunt it is  i can always rely on them for the truth 
ten  and a wake up 
seven  and a wake up 
one more damn week  get me the hell outta here!
poprocks are a go
foidl's favorite number?
"the constant below freezing temperatures here make me wonder- if you threw a frozen eye ball, would it shatter or would the viscous fluids inside just crackle?"
two! and a wake up!
sfo  almost home
made it home  its kinda awkward 
thank god i made the choice to go active; i miss my bbfls   sad 
"i never thought i could look at a menu and think \wtf is this?\""but napa has proved me wrong """
i miss bein in a place where everybody speaks english
"dad- stop the madness, kill yourself \mom- put us all out of ur misery \i love my family "
"tired by 1430, and have to force food down my throat bc i have no appetite  wth?"
"well, its almost a white christmas    its grey  <propfemale> christmas"
san <propfirst> with the family  smile 
few more days    bittersweet 
"hehehehe    goin to the range tomorrow  shooting m4, m16, and moms pistol"
"pedicured toes, combat boots, an m4, and her daddy makes for a happy girl"
made it
"if i can get through today without looking like a fool, ill be happy "
korea    is nice  im excited  think im gonna like it here as long as no one shoots it up 
can i just be at my unit already?
"15t, we can do it all! and we will    poor <propfemale>  finally at our unit  no idea whats next   "
cant sleep- my brains are clogging up my face and running down the back of my throat  can you drown in  mucous   ?
"get to start helpin out on the floor tm or monday!!! sooooo many tangos here, ill either be fightin to work or there'll be too much depending on the number of shammers"
f*@$ ako 
d&d has found its way to the camp humphreys cac  i thought i left it back at vanden    gah 
death by ia powerpoint  gaaaaahhh!
so as of monday: i am <propfirst> company! (flight company for a medevac unit in korea) 
"\i don't feel much like a tiger  maybe i'm just a ferocious ass koala bear   \"""""
"have internet, have skype, have time to call my parents, and cant hear them b c my roommate feels the need to yell into her computer  im going to lose my mind "
"i smell like gasoline, cpc, and alcohol  damn hell hole "
shitty day  i'm ready for the freaking weekend 
ako is such a pain 
so    amazon wont let me download music b c i'm not in the us    gay
"workin the weekend, not cuz my fat mouth, but b c it was requested    good or bad   ? celebrate with drinks next weekend when i can drink  playful "
earthquake in japan = tsunami in hawaii + fucked up internet in korea  be safe hawaii friends!
its funny waking up and having an inkling suspicion that the day feels like throwing little annoyances at you  all fing day 
"i know ive said it before, and ill say it again; i hate ako"
"my email got hacked, and now possibly my facebook with this dumb \how sexy is your name\"" quiz  wth? where did this come from? can i blame korean internet?"""
first flight today with a couple of my favorite tangos  think i'm gonna need to <propfemale> a baggy with me at all times   
i just realized    i fucking hate being here
good movies to download- anybody?
"if i have a tattoo, i'm a trouble maker  if i have curves, i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry some times, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now days without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i care   re-post this if you're proud of who you are, i am who i am"
doooooooooooooode     
