8a9c2172061fa5485897bb06be45ffb7
whoop whoop
stone clown mask conceals the meloncholy god beneath
whoop whoop yo lol
etla ourya <propfemale> reefa
you'll never see the suicidal testimony beneath the heretics eyes unless you die on the inside    speak only if asked and talk about what drives you
"i want a <propmale> axe, i wanna know voodoo, a fat bitch named <propfemale>, and a little sip of faygo too  an i wont die until i get it! mmfwcl!"
do you know what    i love zombies laugh 
waaah!! chiped my fucking tooth!  crying 
im so lucky  smile 
what is your inner self? -- my result: a moonlike person  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 93348 referrals status?aid=100001932048830
rawr i miss you baby
im going snowboarding  laugh 
"that was fun lol, cept i slid down a very steep hill that ended in concrete and i got snow down my ass and up my shirt"
waaah missin her
yay girlfriend is awesome  smile 
might go to oyp later
i steped on a 9 inch nail on sunday and it burns lol laugh 
"she's wonderfull, and she doesnt even know how much lol"
such a lonely day    and its mine
"well now i'm depressed, and i have a feeling something bad is going to happen   "
"what do you do when you have so much hate for the world and have so many people to give it to, but have 2x as much love and nowhere to put it   ?"
some people care and some don't  i'm glad i have a someone that actually does lol  smile 
"mourning people, another sleepless day in the nightmare i call    reality lol  laugh "
goin home lol
"its gonna be a good day tatter, mmhmm"
"goin to the mall, <propfemale> out with meh if ya wana"
yay anarchy
im so freaking sad right now and have no idea why    well i kinda do
i think that if the christian god made an epic fail of universal poportion lol
today was a gurd dar
"hey if anyone can, can they get a dragons of atlantis app, go to realm arrow, and join the \evil bears\"" allience? plllllllllllllzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz?"""
rawr!!
i miss people
i want to talk to <propfemale>   
i ove zombies so much  love 
alright lets piss on <propmale> today cuz its his birthday!!  laugh 
rawr today was a good day tater lol
stone masks are the things i wear and by that i swear that no one will my true nature declare
inside the fire a cold flame burns black like amatsuratsu
ok lets have a good day mr  tater  laugh 
lol everyday it gets just a little better then it was before it happened
yay tater!!  laugh 
yay tater go forth and multiply with all mrh hoersieeeeeeeesssss!!  laugh 
"well im done for the day    no tater no chili pies in orphan faces    ttyl homies ,3"
hmmm tater says    get off my grill homes!!!!!!!!!
tater what shall we do today? any suggestions any one?
well tater   i dont know what to say anymore    should i just let you control my mind   ?
tater is my lil tater tot on my shoulder that tells me what to do and stuff and he wants    blooooood!!!
tater says im sad  playful 
tater says    believe in lover or die in ketchup!!
i really dont know what to say anymore   
yay tater this was a good day  laugh 
the future is not looking well for me   
when a total stranger cries in front of you and you cant do anything but realize that your actually staring into a mirror what do you do?
"you know why life sucks? because no matter what you'll either see all your friends and loved ones die around you, and if you die yourself you will make the very few people who actually do care sad and the world will not care anymore than an ant dying"
the hottest love has the coldest ending ~a sweet persons profile~
"on april 4, 2011 my first memory, my best friend, the last of my heart, my daughter, and my dog <propfemale> died at the age of 16  she was born in april 4, 1994 and died by getting hit by a car that didnt even stop    i dont have any reason to live in my parents house and am moving to haskell 2-3 weeks from now  i dont really think i have any true friends here, but the ones i really have i will miss    especially <propfemale> "
"and just so people know just because i look happy all the time does not mean i am  i have hidden my face with smiles and jokes and laughter, but i really just want to be left alone and for people to hate me just like i hate everything"
internationality is common among those of which is about to die  laugh 
-sigh- life is confusing meh
and now im off to see the dark wizard of sleep in the obsidian palace -gothic wonderfull wizard of ozz-
my tator tot says that i should    eat some braiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiins!!!!!
i got a secret its on the tip of my tongue  and the back of my lungs and i'm gonna keep it!!
sad week  playful  b-day coming up and no1 will be there  annoyed 
"birthday is tommorow  annoyed  ill be home alone and saturday there wont even be a quarter of my friends that will hangout with me, but i hope i can see a movie with kitten soon  playful "
had an awesome date with <propfemale>  laugh 
