ac8b35f1a4059fb84a415cba72a66b89
"   which, for some reason, remain ignored "
"and further, they abide "
ska! ska! ska!
feels like his dried-out cigarette leavings   
"aw, well, that could be anything   "
i saw fireflies tonight! so excited!!!
it's too hot to not be at least partially naked 
lost my keys   ballz 
found my keys  at the corner store  like a boss 
"is sleeping off his b-day \party\"" """
had a good birthday 
   it's no longer a matter of pride 
galactically incapable of friend-have
chicken&spaghetti lazing inside extravaganza
refuses to sleep tonight 
show: saturday night: <propfemale>'s place  be there 
"just watched a bitchin' show at <propmale>'s music joint  and it was great  heliostasis rocked hard  also, made friends with <propmale> street lunatic from lansing, mi "
calling home 
"you see, you put that cat in a box, then you hit it with a stick "
"a raging thank you to <propmale> coop, eliot able, and kevan loy for being the only people to come to our show tonight! the best we've ever sounded ever for any reason, and the rest of you missed out on some aural pleasure   playful "
had a great dinner with his lady 
hooray iced cream! you know how to make my day less boring     smile 
"within 24 hours of the autumnal equinox  way to go, self-fulfulling prophecy "
"i wonder if they'll ever put out a \fun sized\"" hadron collider"""
"damn right, jake&kyle just found tons of purple pens on top of the alley trash "
fucking cold  and raining  miserable again  i hate this season 
is the 10 of clubs 
is writing weird fuckin' musics 
"cap'n crunch  oh, yeah, hungover-and-still-slightly-drunk <propmale>, oh, yeah "
"truly, evil exists "
@<propmale> horne: <propmale> didn't make it to my house today    i hope he didn't get lost    i don't have a phone   
"god damnit, man "
is rocking out an old song     will post today 
"i'm the drunk dude, you're the high dude, and together, we can get this done "
"damnit, didn't finish mixing that song today, but i'll post something  a new, and hopefully better version of \exciting\"" on the jkextravaganza <propfemale> """
lingerie cataloguing all day    what a halloween 
halloween sucks  fuck that shit 
"i was hit on by  girl that made me uncomfortable last night  no, she doesn't like sex  she just wanted to feel included "
check out the one night only magazine! events and release dates to be posted soon!
"actually, it's pronounced \lloyd\"" """
is clearly a fuckup  take note 
back to the grindstone   
"hates good things  killer weekend, guys "
subway's flatbread is great  try it  yeah  i know i just advertised for the man  now get one 
"happy post-thanksgiving, fellas "
"omigod, i'm so glad we got that in stereo "
fear is generally self-fulfilling
"actually, this may be very important "
"i am a google wave whore  also, magazine first issue release party dec  12th at the reversible eye "
i hate cnn 
anyone see that spectacular <propmale> gaffe? couldn't have been invented better 
happy winter 
"c-span 2 is featuring a pretty good talk among the brits about the lead-up and dealings with the iraq war, a hearing held by the british committee of inquiry into iraq "
happy new healthcare in 4 years!    and they said stuff about junk 
y'didn't hit me hard enough for me t'give a shit 
"\i already called into work [drunk] tomorrow \"" - m s """
business as usual   
"hey, bank which i pass on my way home: lrn2correct-temperature; it's not 28°  it's 16  or 19  google and weatherbug (irrespectively) may also be lying "
that's my president 
php  i will be dreaming php tonight  and possibly about cigarettes 
"my spacebar is not working, no matter how hard i internetz for a solution  but it's only fucked up on facebook "
apparently only in messages 
raindrops keep fallin' on my head 
everything is coming up roses
i met <propfirst> schwimmer last night 
"\do you guys know where you are? are you guys armed? have you got a pistol? we got six between us!\"" - chicago pd"""
here's to finding something the fuck to do tonight that isn't just sittin' around 
"<propfemale> <propfemale> clark: thinkin' of you   smile  -love you, mom"
someone hailed me from a car while i was walking home   
"thank you, currency exchange, for not charging me to make 25 pennies into a quarter  now i can ride my bike!  smile "
peanut butter jelly time   smile 
"fuck you, cnn  you pay your cameramen well enough that your newscast should not feel like an action movie  fire that fuck "
<propfemale> palin: i fucking hate you  i hate you and your goddamned buzzwords designed to replace content you don't have 
do it  do it 
"happy easter, chicago! and welcome to spring with your very own, brand new, thunder storm!"
i'm working on a flash-type animation platform through javascript  you can see the demo so far at http annoyed  www bikestripedesigns com animation 
"nope, just awkward "
doesn't care for the tea party 
fuckin' rainbows 
i'm down for some wagon wheel  turn that shit up 
don't tell mom i'm in town!!!!!!
is amazed 
-- can't we just be awesome?
"now everyone gets to guess what happens next, while we, previously a choice two, make all the plans "
currently a student  awesome 
<propfirst> just recorded 14 songs in 3 5 hours  like a boss 
"first day of the cta in weeks, first day of school in years "
band practice = drunk 
i just made chapatis    and then i put on some powdered sugar  tastes like funnel cake 
"back into the \studio\"" """
"time to shave   again  this makes twice in three days, and probably the last time for a long time "
"well, it's friday; who has something awesome going tonight?"
"hi ho, hi ho, it's off to learn work i go    "
it's a net hack kind of morning 
heading to the practice space; hopefully no one's there 
"thanks for the birthday wishes, guys! i'm gonna go be responsible!"
"nethack, why do you do this to me? there are dishes to be done!    at least i got the trash out on time    "
"drunk     existing     \responsibly \"""""
"\greet the <propfemale> with a breath of fire \"""""
i don't even know where to begin 
saturday cleaning   smile 
a praire home companion = win
"it's not untrue, it's just completely irrelevant, and most importantly, it's not anyone else's business "
ramen? first thing in the morning?—bring on the day 
"welcome home, <propmale>, from afar "
"you win this round, <propmale>'s ghost! and housecat! damn you, elbereth!"
ocf can now upload pictures at their discretion  now i just need to code the part that lets them delete them    
i stop seeding the moment i'm done leaching  does that make me an asshole?
"i'd show the world the new web project i'm working on, but it's proprietary  let it be known that this is the closest step to creating a cms without a database i've taken "
bomb the music industry  do it 
things i'll miss when the world ends (01): resealable packages 
things i'll miss when the world ends (02): socks without holes 
things i'll miss when the world ends (03): lame jokes 
things i'll miss when the world ends (04): peanut butter and jelly 
things i'll miss when the world ends (05): being too drunk to realize i should be <propmale> over 
things i'll miss when the world ends (06): the guitar on which i wrote that song about you 
things i'll miss when the world ends (07): instant gratification 
things i'll miss when the world ends (0 smile : round trips to nowhere 
cutting vocals i recorded last night on 6 of our 12 songs for the album   sweet 
this is the first time the new apartment has been cooler than outside 
ready or not    
this is not what i had in mind 
"the men who stare at goats is a great movie, but its silence of the lambs reference was a bit vacuous "
"call #1: sharp, well-spoken, and quick "
"successful 5 smile 0am wake up this morning  although, now i don't know what to do with my time "
"dear future employer: if you don't hurry the hell up and give me a call, i'm going to have to consider other options "
no 
operation: hand-wash clothes and towels has been a success 
metroid prime: phazon-enhanced pirate fight 
power bomb  fuck yeah 
grapple beam! fuck yeah!
x-ray visor! fuck yeah!
plasma beam! right on!
baby belugaaa 
"metroid prime: beat it in less time than last round,but with a lower % complete   sad "
"sometimes i worry that i'm ingesting plastic  damn you, plastic cooking utensils!"
"36 2 <propmale>, 4 interviewers, and 6 hours later, i am exhausted but home "
"thanks to <propfemale> adébísí ?này?mí's already having done it, i've been inspired to make snicker-doodles  fuck yeah!"
"it turns out that they really mean it when they say, \rounded teaspoon-sized balls \"" and now i have one giant snicker-doodle """
i hate fb-propagated content that you have to share before you're allowed access to view it 
omg  fantasy football is pretty much an rpg 
"republicans who want to \cut spending\"" are going to cut it from your \",ac8b35f1a4059fb84a415cba72a66b89,human beings are terrible predictors of their own actions 
"and now, we wait "
"<propfirst>, your dog is giving me diabetes "
http annoyed  xkcd com 802 
"\   still in the mix \"" then why the terrible delay?"""
jkextravaganza
realizes how boring he is    
realizes that homestarrunner com is pretty much dead    
"welcome home, viv!"
dear <propmale> schultz: the dude's reenacts wwii scenes  tell me why this is bad?
"dislikes the new fb chat \who's online\"" list """
start date: 25oct2010  last day in chicago: 20oct2010  jkextravaganza show: 18oct2010 
<propmale>'s load-in: 45 minutes 
safe in kansas city!
i'm in kansas city with my family   smile 
"do we really need two months of christmas to remind us how much less we can spend this year than last? humbug, i say "
what strange and vivid dreams i'm having of late   
i'm teaching my niece to write  we'll start with her name 
gutter cleaning and attachment installing? pipe fixing? no problem  i got this shit on lock 
"biking to work tomorrow  yay for directions that don't go on hilly, high-traffic roads!"
"my nieces wouldn't shut up for the nature film, so we put on toy story 3; it was actually pretty great "
"\sometimes i feel like i'm not even part of the world \"""""
off to chicago tomorrow; be there by 9:40pm; pack a sweater 
building a marionette 
open mic successes all 'round 
i don't like this thing that forces me to click in order to update my status  isn't that a step backward?
12°f? can i just skip work today?
who doesn't like gingerbread cookies? assholes don't like gingerbread cookies!
history is made each day 
"happy birthday, big sis!"
"full metal alchemist is pretty alright, if you don't mind a little whining "
i'm going to play guitar for an hour 
morning cigarettes really do help things move along smoothly 
"why yes, i enjoyed myself very much  the only trouble is the withdrawal from euphoria "
"<propfemale> christmas! see? i can be <propfemale>, too!  smile "
"successfully fixed the light, though now, instead of being janky and looking proper, we have a real reminder that it's janky "
"listening to my own music, watching a spider make its way across the wall, regretting wearing no foot-garb "
"fixed two gates, the patio's lattice, and the cleanliness of my room   sort of  achievement: no longer bored "
"metal!!!!! metal!!!!! djunt, djun, djun!"
water heater needs fixin'   smile 
e playful erimenting is fun 
"i could try getting 3 hours of sleep, or i could just stay up and see how it goes   "
"snowed in, but not all that concerned   "
decidedly anti-early mornings 
the real thing is always better 
"40° is shorts and t-shirt weather, right?"
they see me trollin' 
"super smash brothers melee is missing, and the controller 1 input on my n64 doesn't work  life is hard "
happy st  <propfirst>'s day!
it's time to be creative 
i am <propmale>! hear me cast dispelga and then just attack until you ko 
"and a good full <propfemale> to you, too, sir "
productive  all day long  now for something consumptive 
i am that silver lining 
"i, <propmale> gilliam, will be in chicago from the 6th through the 12th  anything else is just a detail "
achievement: pre-disaster status quo
home sweet chicago   laugh 
just chillin' 
