dbdfbfda2a4205bd59b22758ceddd5af
is beat!
had the worst surf session of my life!
just got 16 orders all at once  sick 
drove over 250miles throughout la!! just for work orders today  sick 
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse  super!
taking the rest of the day off 
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only tuesday! yay! www cdmpropertypreservation com
finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!
still hungover!! but well worth it 
whats up with real estate reo agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks 
freakin beat and super hungry 
partyin hb side with tools and my friends 
off to rise against with gman and blade  you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks  you know youre jealous 
at the beach    then work  priorities 
you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap 
"mmm, just planned vegas 2009  23 days and counting "
"going to surf, eat no <propfemale> oi, then work "
happy hour = bad idea 
3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!    should prob work sometime this week 
"best week of surf, worst week for the company  dunno how to feel bout that "
off to work! lame 
"is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand  yay  come visit "
off to see company of thieves  pumped to slay later 
depression    day before 26  lame
still feeling it
would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday 
hungry  fee me 
frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"off to work, then to surf "
on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come smile 
surfing sloat in the am  yay!
driving to the lbc 
wants to be <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy  c'mon lotto   
need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cannot find episode 13 season 1 of mad men!!! what the frick internet!
wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good 
"buying my flight to hawaii    yes, that is right <propfirst>  7 days  that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland "
cmon weekend! good shit on the way  ooo oooooo 
back to school  on the path to becoming a physician assistant 
usc can lick my balls
going to laughlin???
the new muse is intense! ducks game 2nite  yay putos 
has an extra ticket to the ducks  sharks game tonight  section203 row m    only the best seats in the house  $26!! plus you get to sit by me 
cant believe the ducks traded pronger! morons 
served 
t minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters    ill be old too 
anyone know of a place where i can take a condensed organic chem class??
just bought my three nights in san fan! holler 
afi out today  yay
still dont get the point of the gre     who made up these fn words?
"surf, then continue trying to slay the gre "
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing gre words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?
<propmale> is so money
scored a rad position at hoag hospital as a clinical care extender  on my way to a masters in <propfemale> science! holler 
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin  feels wrong 
glad i got the flu vaccination  $30 to feel like i have the flu  well spent 
obama won the nobel peace prize!!!! laaaaaaaammmme!
start my new life on monday 
"it's unpatriotic and terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the president like some sort of college cheerleader    calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the president on his special day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics   it's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous  --greenwald "
just bought some rad gre test prep supplies  super excited 
actually excited to be up this early!
class 8am - 5pm! snap son 
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in la!!! #@#!@!#r#%#!!!!
need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!
sooooo spent! sleep 
have an extra company of thieves ticket for next tuesday's show  who wants to go?
"practice question for my emt exam \its early afternoon and the alarm sounds you are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars  he is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die  he asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic  which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?\""    uhhhhh how intense is that?!"""
cannot focus on my exam!!!!!
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now 
"is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients  one more step closer to my mpa!!"
has an extra company of thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the hob  lemme know if you want it!! $30
i dont get it  baseball is super boring 
best surf in a while  cant stop smiling  whos going tomorrow?
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10 24  $26 
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only <propmale> for a long time 
have an extra tiger army ticket for tomorrow night in hollywood 
tiger army and bleedning through! friggna
emt exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh  too much crap
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought  haha
anyone wanna surf in the am     after 10???????!
off to san <propfemale> 
whos in sf and is going out tonight?
bout to surf under the <propfemale> gate!    before the surf is too huge  hi <propmale>  im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft and fair to good conditions 
"start \insanity\"" tomorrow  eek """
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?
bored and over reading about emergency medicine    this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!
red wings blow
itunes is soooo bad! im going broke 
arrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and no surf 
hahah wheeler hall is under siege
gosh darn it!!!! i just saw a group of 5 jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! that means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them 
surf was amazing this morning  sooooooooo ready for life now 
last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel trauma!?
frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!
i am thankful for yams 
final emt exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek 
<propmale> zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at ucla tomorrow  whos coming with me?
c'mon! couldnt there be a little surf on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
damnit ducks!!! win something!!!
has extra tickets to kroq almost accoustic xmas    lemme know if u want them 
http annoyed  www hulu com watch 67878 the-future-of-food?c=news-and-information
going to the afi rise against show tonight   i have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723 
the new <propmale> was bulllshit!!! cant kill <propfemale>!!! im seriously sad 
so sick kill me now
being sick is the cooolest 
"god, i love the onion "
passed the national emt exam; off to find a job!!! yaaaaay for money 
off to colorado!!!
i lied  ill start the workout next week   
would b nice is our lousy govt stopped spending $$$ on stupid and pointless shit and actually spent $$$ on education!!! maybe then i could get the classes i need  morons 
finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland    just enrolled and get to move back to berkeley!!!!!!!!
yay! just got assigned to the emergency department for my next rotation at hoag  super pumped 
"so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!"
total cost for books $310 via school website  i paid $44 for all of them on amazon  how rad is that?!
"start my emergency department training tomorrow!! oo, ooo!"
online traffic school is exciting 
packing for the move back to berkeley  so pumped for some cheeseboard 
on my way to berkeley    im broke need to find an emt job asap  sent me $$$  thanks
needs some surf!!
"fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day  and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere    losing my mind "
"if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!"
so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education  grand idea!
c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you
first day in the er tomorrow  intense!
chemistry is like being punched in the brain 
can decided whether to be on the usa side or the can side for hockey??? leaning canada    
back to brea     surf?
bored in berkeley
there is nothing to do up here!!! fn gigantic surf is killing it for me  someone come visit
back to socal     sad 
"can anyone solve this- ball a is allowed to fall and hit ball b  assume  that all of all of ball a's energy is transferred to ball                   b, at point i and there is energy loss to other sources  what is the kinetic energy and potential energy of ball b at point ii? the potential energy is pe= mgz, m is mass in kg, g is grav  constant  (9 81m s2), z is  distance  a is 2 0kg and is 10 0m above ball b (4 0kg)"
fingers crossed for surfable surf this weekend!
chemistry is like punching your brain 
got rejected by sf to work as an emt    nothing a surf session cant cure! fu sf 
"does anyone wanna hire an emt for basic everyday jobs? ill do cleaning, dishes, hangout with you for a small fee "
god damnit! i thought the ducks game started at 7pm and i totally missed the whole thing! stupidest week ever 
finally a paid bay area emt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ooo ooooooo
"observed surf report by schaler at 7:20am surf: 20-25 ft 4-5 times overhead occ  28 ft  good conditions hey, this is schaler with the report for thursday morning this morning's <propfemale> patrol: clean and pumping this morning  a little closed out at times, with a few gems "
wanna go surf but too hungover to make the drive    anyone wanna drive me??
koivu!!!!!
my little sister's surgery went well!!
"being \on-call\"" sucks! i just lost my weekend to the graveyard  nothin beats driving around oakland berkeley all night  come party in my ambulaaans """
"haha, just won a pair of wine tasting tickets "
just assigned every friday sat graveyard shift till the middle of summer! buuust~!!
"forgetting about my fear of commitment, im getting a little puppy this weekend   super pumped "
"finally had half a day off and if felt friggin good  now, here comes the graveyard-shift weekend    rad  tons of berkeley oakland craaaazies come out at night "
who else is staying up with me till 8am????? im bored
go out and be drunk in berkeley and oakland so my graveyard goes by faster  thanks 
surf?
get my puppy in the morning  awwwwwwww!
awesome! no sleep and have to work all day  woke up to someone trying to break into the front door last night  <propmale> 
graveyard all tonight    fingers crossed we get off early so i can go to bay to breakers~!!!!
super pumped to drive to socal and party with the fam and friends  got my new wingman coming too 
wow! grad school apps suck butt 
back to berkeley for work and microbio  yay!
wow  one grad school app only took 1 whole day  5 more left!
anyone not study for the gre and do well?
"union st festival = most consolidated\population of tools ive seen up here "
pretty pumped up for microbio    anyone in the bay area know someone or have a micro book of their own that they can lend me?
is it weird i get so excited over root beer?
weak ass ending to a the <propmale> cup 
anyone have old microbio quizes and exams that i can borrow to study from?
have to worst add in this weather! should be surfing but im in a <propfemale> cafe studing about  <propfemale> microbes     sad (((((((((((((((((((((((
love working graves on the weekend then not being able to sleep now so can wake up for classes tomorrow  nice! i want cake
happy bday mom!!
sweet coffee induced anxiety goin on 
"jinxed myself    just bragged about\how i had not been sick in years; now im dying "
anyone wanna see toy story 3 this week?
last graveyard shift for a while!    ever; please? ***knock on wood***
dropped my phone into some water after surfing so its broken! lame  message me if u need me cuz im too poor to get a new one 
super pumped to read all your 4th of july plans as i leave for my shift! be safe and dont do stupid shit so the day goes by smooth and i can nap 
just realized tomorrow if my first day of in over two months! ill be staggering around sf if you need me tonight 
only 3 weeks left of microbio! time is zooming by  keep ur fingers crossed that i get into my grad program this year!! dont wanna have to do all this application crap next year
fn oakland stop rioting! weirdos 
surf?
watch boston med  rad
"wow, clicking the \submit\"" button on my gradschool application is waaaay harder than i thought    think ill wait till monday to call them and make sure everything is perfect  eek!!"""
"haha, everytime i sleep or nap, i dream of microbiology or being at work    no break even in rest  awesome"
vegas! so close
am microbio exam  great way to ruin a good day    so mad right now
"uhhhm, turning 27 in less than 10 days  sad (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( weird, was supposed to ruling the world by now!"
be in warm water in 1 day! weird   
quitting hockey forever@!!!!
glad microbio is over but waiting around for my grade is pure torture!
not even to vegas yet and already things need to stay there  eek  gonna be an interesting weekend 
never been so friggin happy over a class grade in my life! celebrating the rest of the month!
anyone have a physiology book i can borrow?
"if you see the ambulance swerving around like the driver got no sleep, thats me  say hi"
"surf! goddamnit, where are you!!!????"
fingers crossed for emergency tech job!!!
anyone know good stuff to put on the droid?
on my way to look for surf for the first time in almost a month! c'mon sf 
"day one of surfing, insanity workout, and p90x done  im a tool now and on crack  holler  59 left to go "
"yeah, for physiology and chem today! anyone have physio book thats not the physio anatomy combo?"
would be nice if the company i work for put me on shifts rather than continue to hire new people  kinda broke!
"anyone in the bay area know of or if you hear of a job opening, any job opening, lemme know "
classes 12 to 8 was a horrible idea!
dang! my channels don't go that high
a
really need to study!
sweet! rejected twice today before 10am  fu world; i wanna punch you in the face 
wow 1 5 hours and three looooong lines later just to send out 3 transcripts   this system is ridiculous!
forgot how much fun studying chem was    barf
on my way to socal 
waaaaay too early
ne one ever heard of a health insurance company that legitimately cares for patients rather than profits?
"if you need a place to live or know someone that does in berkeley, i have an open spot for$ 695 "
"daaang draper is getting deep and in touch with his feelings  i like  i also like the swimming since it mirrors surfing  we're so much alike, mr  draper "
"have and open spot in my house: shared room, close to campus "
"mmmmm, snow is almost here  who lives in the bay and wants to take me to tahoe on their boarding trips? youre welcome "
"with <propfirst> <propfirst> now signed and ready for training camp to start on saturday, today’s countdown to camp discussion question is: how many goals do you think <propfirst> will score in the 2010-11 season     bout friggin time"
who wants to go to muse in sac?
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, hockey starts tomorrow! and <propmale> is this sunday  best week of the year "
"++a large whale carcass washed ashore monday morning between l&k \streets in ocean beach  use your best judgement when surfing in and \around the vicinity === uhhhhh     surf?"
man crush on <propfirst> c hall
"6-10 ft +\head high + to double overhead occ  12 ft \fair conditions"
"woke up to a letter from university of new england  got a gradschool interview date! what, what!"
i have no life  lame   
"so lucky to have my little mom as a mum  without her, i would never have been able to go to cal and live survive in berkeley; and for sure would not have been able to apply to gradschool  she just paid for my flight, hotel, and rental car for my trip to new england for my interviews  awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! thanks mom "
dont be stupid  go to tahoe for new years 
ahhh nothing like a psychiatric <propmale> in the am
ahhh nothing like a psychiatric <propmale> in the am
i miss my family and friends in socal sad 
"uhhmm, can i have my life back? that'd be great; thanks "
anyone ever cry over a midterm? who wants to surf?!
how does someone that fat live up two stories of stairs with no elevator?!!!
"ahhhh, first day ive had in a loooong time to catch up on everything    did nothing  now to drink some beers and go to sleep after playing hockey online  perfect "
just confirmed my gradschool interview for next tuesday morning at <propfemale> <propfemale> medical center  holler!!!
"from all this hardwork and styding, im paid off by growing muffin-tops  awesome"
off to portland maine  yay
"if youve never been, you should go to maine  the place was amazing and im super bummed to be back home already "
anyone else know how to watch hockey online without paying??????
anyone have snowboard bindings they wanna give me? or sell   
"yay, last weekend shift is almost over  been 1 5 years since ive had a weekend totally to myself  weird "
"awwww, c'mon! rain on the day im supposed to be super productive   "
"yay, work then 6 hour drive to oc  who can board on monday? need people to drive me "
i really hate this drive!
this shift is never ending!
my ambulance got downed today so no work  anyone wanna go xmas shopping  drink beers?
"awesome, so now im working nye and new years day! awesome!"
can anyone in the bay go boarding in tahoe on monday or thursday next week?
"and so, why did everyone say the town was good? im confused "
hmmm  what did i learn today? never leave my facebook open and leave the station    =0)
is it weird that i get a boner everytime i go poop?
i feel like being in the closet is getting lonely  sad 
"ahhh, love my ducks"
"anyone wanna go boarding halfday at big bear tomorrow???? lemme know, need a carpool <propmale> "
my email was hacked so dont open anything from me
last <propfemale> school interview  eek  send positive vibes to pomona ca  thanks
anyone wanna make a tahoe trip on sunday? ill give you gas money       
can anyone make a boarding trip to tahoe on sunday????
the deeper the roots the higher the reach!
whos going to coachella with me?
off to the beach!!! super pumped 
"umm, super bored broke = rad"
friday night lights is soooooo good!!!
do you have the organic chemistry book by prof <propfirst> 8th edition? ill buy it from you!
gonna need a sugar momma for the next month!
will dominate you at wordfeud
party down is fn rad
whoooooos getting a new board?
ducks are rocking it!
sweet 0 03 in my acct! help me help u    ill be on the corner of telegraph and ashby  blond wig and short denim cutoffs 
bored! who wants to drink in berkeley right now??
my friends should come to visit me on the weekend of the 26-28!
best <propfirst> ever!!!
"aww, my laptop broke!!!"
tahoe trip on the 28th  need people to come
beer week    anyone in berkeley?? im bored outta my mind!!!
"haha, was there an earthquake? or was i dreaming?"
"mmmmm, nothing like obese guy skin sore flakes in my face and to breathe in my lungs  love you oakland!"
sleep would be awesome seeing as im on the early shift <propmale> am!!
"way to go weather people!!! supposedly epic winter conditions, so bad that my family were forced to not come visit me  what do you know??? its super nice and <propfemale> outside and instead im working a retardedly early morning shift  go f yourself!"
"hmmm, rough life  super sore from the snow yesterday and cant seem to find the good surf spot for the day  whaaaaa  sad "
i want to go to the gym right this moment but that would be a horrible move  must wait for all the tools to clear out at about 730  nhl 11?
pre-video game meal done! gonna strap on these skates and begin the nhl 11 domination  watch out 11yr olds you got nothing! what ladies?! yes im single
just realized i work on monday so who can go snowboarding in tahoe on tuesday?
