17784bcaba3562dc857ea3a6d977b4a0
is thankful for my mom who loves my little girl and shows her almost daily!
"is thankful for so many blessings!  i am grateful that i have a job that i love and a boss who is very understanding, gracious and forgiving!"
is thankful for new life and old life which becomes new again!
i am thankful for bedtime for a certain little chinese girl 
is thankful for evann's sweet friends and their sweet parents!
i am thankful for a little girl who loves american girl tea parties and who can then switch gears to feed animals out of her hand at global wildlife in louisiana   what a beautiful day for both!
"loves when the \elf on the shelf\"" returns for the christmas holidays!  it is amazing how much the behavior in our home improves during this time of year   is christmas intimidation wrong?"""
"wow! i am overwhelmed by the sweet and wonderful birthday wishes from all my friends!  thanks to each and every one of you   off to my \surprise birthday party\"" which evann has talked to me about for two days!  she asked me if i would remember what she has told me because she really wants me to be surprised! must be old!"""
it's going to be a beautiful day on okaloosa island! last minute road trips are the best!
"great day in ft  <propmale>   way too much sea grass in the gulf, but would rather have sea grass than oil  evann learned how to boogie board and is hooked "
local news from destin reports that the oil will be affecting these beautiful sugar white beaches by friday  so sad for the locals and the wildlife  impact will be devastating on so many levels    crying 
gotta love a gunga who takes the granddaughter shopping for school uniforms        even if it is with my debit card!  i greatly dislike shopping of any kind 
is anybody going to the waterpark friday? evann (and possibly a friend) would like to go if they could hitch a ride 
evann's 2nd grade teacher is <propfirst> patterson   anybody else?
thanks to <propfirst> and <propfemale> for hosting a very fun party for an awesome group of 2nd graders!  we had a blast!
i like it on the front seat of the car 
"six years ago today, my little wompus cat was placed in my arms in nanchang, <propfemale>  i had no idea what an incredible journey we would take together since that day   god knew exactly which little girl was mine, and he miraculously matched us together!  evann yan-ruan <propmale>, you are a blessing, and i thank god for you every day!  happy gotcha day!"
shhh! just booked a birthday trip to disney world for evann's birthday in may!  surprise!
"<propfemale> christmas to you and yours!  may your day be filled with family, friends, love, laughter, peace and joy!  happy birthday, jesus!"
income taxes done!
i am more than overwhelmed by all the many sweet and kind birthday wishes and greetings from all you ladies and gentlemen!   thanks for making an old girl smile all day!  you're the best of the best!
happy chinese new year!
it is guarded        and it's red!
