3dd04328ab6f1f0d2c8fd0d305e747b1
happy 2010 guys !
pani puri marathon tonight !
"reading \india after gandhi\""   interesting"""
mera number aayega !!    ummm !
saw transformers and <propmale> potter     both suck !!!
pardesi baby    pardesi !
bye bye bangalore !
ohh !    fish is wonderful !
"finished \india after gandhi\""     insightful !"""
marathon sitcoms baby  laugh 
bean bag reloaded !
all done     bye bye <propfemale> !
cooling my heels off at heathrow     8 hrs transit !!
reached <propmale> !
save water    drink beer    and save money while you do that    oh the my the gods !!!
"heroine    you had a kid right    minetta had some snaps uploaded    not sure    hows the kid     whom does he look like    whats the childs name (all this assuming, it was your kid that was posted !)"
listening to obama speech    man ! you need to be a good orator to get people along !
california baby      family baby    knockout house baby      2 weeks and i love this place !!!
won finals of water-balloon volleyball  laugh 
ghar mil gaya !     pappu wapis paas ho gaya !
settling   still !
chapati baby    waah vancie waah !
cricket tomorrow   on a baseball pitch   with a baseball  laugh 
my first snow fall baby     awesome !!
3 guys got arrested on my bus    missed the transit bus    got a new bed    got my headset     man ! an eventful day !!!
diwali     <propmale> ishtyle !
bracing for the winter storm !
sooper hectic week     day 5
pappu paas ho gaya     license mil gaya !!
thanksgiving build up    awesome !
the best thanksgiving !!  laugh 
best thanksgiving ever !!
car hunting is tuff !
build up
pappu ban gaya mishra     naya ghar   nayi gaadi   ekdum solid !
christmas shopping baby !!  laugh 
oh !   i am so smashed right now !~!!
<propfemale> baby    <propfemale> christmas !
best snow storm ever    totall majja    got my whole quota of snow play !
amazing day !
<propfemale> christmas !
new york is fun !
recharged  smile 
"got table and chair     carpet, vaccum cleaner and iron set next !"
its sooper in texas !
did my first pole dance  laugh     fun baby !
my car is good baby !!
ga ga gg ga ga ga ga goli maro    *pelvic thrust yukt*
anxious    fataavd   but will manage  laugh 
april   may    booked !  laugh 
i cooked chicken curry   first time    was awesome !!  laugh 
freezing cold outside    i have a cold     and my heater has toasted my house !
tendlya    oh my god !!
naye jootae    waah waah !
pumped up !
man !    special day    i wait 4 hours to get to doctor     and get myself a mini-surgery !     and finally the bliss !!    vicodine  laugh 
she's out of my league is funny !  laugh    sooper
whoa    tuff day !
the toughest 2 weeks in a long long      looonggg time !
michigan !
"dr strangelove   amazing movie    satire, political statement, comedy     and this was in 1964    the heart of cold war !    loved it"
"flashback     bhooli-bisri yaadien         my first career choice ! me and my cousin wilfy had decided back in the early 90s     we would be bus drivers    driving our bus from bombay to mangalore      our plan : buy a bus by 25   contract it to canara pinto    and we drive   wilfy by the day, me by the night    and then from the profit we would be a fiat pal premier each ! well !!    missed it by a bit   "
"solid day     fire scare in the morning during a meeting     all alarms went off    got out of the building   fire guys reached in 5 mins    and turned out to be a false alarm !    and we were like \good job guys !\"" to the firemen  laugh """
no sweater     no topi    its summer baby !!
"a begger with a placard on the street \need to save for a hooker    please help !\"""""
california part 3 baby !
had a fun communion last night   naach gaana fulltoo    total majja !
went skiing    oh my god !    deadly tha
i just had an amazing weekend !   hiking    waterfalls   sand-dunes   and an amazing group of people !    to boot   i won the marshmellow stuffing competition !!!
man ! i cannot believe <propfemale> can be such a terrible team in t20 !
"a begger on the street some days back : \running for president    need campaign funds   please contribute\"""""
aah    exhausted !
"rj : when did you know it was over ?\woman : when my girlfriend got pregnant !"
"i heard this guy \i' d rather had fallen in love and lost than ended with the wrong one !\""   pretty cool"""
finished reading twilight and new <propfemale>   twilight sucked   new <propfemale> better    i ve heard eclipse and breaking <propfemale> are better    lets see !
summer   finally !
twilight done !
man ! i had the best time shooting !
after 16hours and 2 apples    finally deployed my project   phew !
whoa !    what a fun week     begun at mount rushmore     went boating the day before    and had dinner at my boss' place last night in her mountain house     and i still have a day to go !
new orleans baby !
new orleans     the beignets    sanchez   the oysters     the po-boys    the hand grenades     oh the-my the-gods !
i think spain s winning the world cup    i wanted brazil first   germany next     now i want holland !
"the best best freaking week !    one of my friends gets \the job\"" !!     another gets a full scholarship      and one more gets into the best best university !!"""
exciting times !
soch ek kitaanu   oh man !
a first   i <propmale> t mind <propfemale> losing as long as murali gets 800 !  i hope it happens !
i saw my latest niece today   and i got her to smile too !
my phone s broken !
overslept bigtime   boy ! it was awesome
gearing up for seattle    probably the last trip in an awesome year !
seattle baby !!
2 awesome days in seattle   got another one to go !
today is the mangi fest of new harvest (feast of nativity !)  happy feast to all !
finally saw twilight eclipse     sad movie   <propmale> in the movie is so bland    he murders the best lines in the book !
one whole year and i finally have a steak     at tgif !!
dabaang is such a ct movie  smile )
in a state of absolute bliss !
going with the flow  smile 
"i just saw a documentary on history about these guy surviving a plane crash on the andes     thrilling, shocking, depressing     but eventually a triumph !!"
shoes     shoes       shoes !!! one more pair
"courtesy rolif\\\rajnikant and his wife had a huge fight and rajni got really angry with his wife and showed her his middle finger        his wife got pregnant!!\""\",3dd04328ab6f1f0d2c8fd0d305e747b1,off to volunteer for the homeless project
super ! some kid thought i belonged to her university  smile 
"what a knockout diwali !     firecrackers, super brunch and murderous shopping !! got cheesecakes and wine in store now  smile "
"having the sticky pudding toffee     the best desert ever !! colt & gray, 16th & platte <propmale>    an absolute must !!"
thank you for the wishes guys     made my day !
<propfemale> christmas everybody !
i had the the best year in 2010  thanks to everybody for making it superb  here's wishing everybody a knockout 2011 !
gole baje for breakfast      oh the my the gods !
snow trip baby !
gearing up for the <propfemale> south africa game  smile 
just moved into my new apartment     4 months of super-duper fun at my cousin irry s place     i hope this one turns out to be as eventful !
<propfirst> baby !
i just did the cupid shuffle in the the middle of a theme park !       awesome
just got my flight delayed      awesome !! some more time with family  smile 
had a blast in <propfirst>    thanks rolif and lizelle  smile 
i am hooked onto modern family
i love indian ads     7 up is funny !
<propfemale> plays pakistan in a few days    gives me a mukki flashback
i have filled my house with cutlery    its time for groceries next !
"surprising observation    indo pak game    the whole world had ton loads of status updates     its world cup final today and not that many care !\\btw    i am one of them too  laugh "
"man ! i am dead tired   but what a day    every moment worthwhile    a world cup win    i will always be able to say \i saw that happen !\"""""
i have finished modern family     2 weeks !
hogging some awesome south indian food  smile 
happy easter everybody !
"watching the matrix again    just went through harsha s favorite line    \smell good don't they\"""""
i ll cook chicken tonight  smile 
i love the chicken i cooked
man ! what a party !   i predict sore muscles for the whole week !!
watching rango in a real shady theatre
sky dived  wink 
north <propfemale> baby !
oh the weekend that i had !!    i have not been tired laughing for sometime now     mann ! it was (w)ossaamm !!
my flight s delayed     i miss the connecting     i am at dc     so i get to spend an evening at my cousins    what an amazing way to end the trip  smile 
delhi belly is super duper funny   
<propmale> potter premier tonight !  laugh 
<propmale> potter premier baby !!
zindagi na milegi dubara is awesome !
man ! it's been 7 years since being employed  laugh     one joyride
i love sadi gali from tanu weds manu     been hearing it all morning !
boy ! finally done with my call today !!
somebody play one gooood innings !!     dumasses !
there s home alone 2 on tv  smile 
happy independence day    it's my dads birthday too  smile 
damn !      3 hours and i download a crappy print of rab ne bana di <propfemale> !
my current weeks resolution    i will return all the tiffins
finally watching a football game    49ers baby !!
going finally to a football game    go 49ers
durr-vid my man    kya phodela hain !!
had an awesome labor day weekend     super exhausted right now     laughed so much    i now have a sore throat !!
happy feast to everyone    it's the feast of the new harvest for us  smile 
pictures abhi baaki hain mere dost
i am really pumped up today
jeetz man !! i am having sushi after ages
on my way to vancouver
inside canada  smile 
speed in kmph    volume in liters    distance in meter standard     awesome !!  smile 
had the best time today    decided for a trip in minutes   made some new friends     drove the whole day    super !
eagles vs giants @ vancouver
h1b d baby
had an eventful week     got a visa   it was delayed just the right amount that i got to spend 2 days in seattle    could not have asked for more  smile 
finally a live game where my team wins    go <propmale> cardinals
harsh my man   i am blasting my stereo and singing along for a good measure
