7d1cbd64f6cc179778ec1a3aa3899909
"happy new year to all my family and friends here!!!!!  i am soooooo glad 2009 is over, there was more rotten than good this year for me and looking forward to a brand new year "
it is a good thing i have the day off after i deliver this load in the morning because i cant get to sleep!!! i go across the street at 6am to get checked in then i can go to bed for awhile 
i wish everyone a happy and prosperous new year!  i am going to try and get to sleep without tearing the sheets off the bed 
"i enjoyed seeing all of you the last couple of nights! to those of you that travelled from far away - don't fly faster than your angels can fly when you head for home!! to those who didn't make it to the reunion, hopefully you can make it to the next one!"
"i finally made it to the beach this week  i went to treasure island for the afternoon while the air conditioning was fixed on the truck  my friend \fruitloop\"" yelled at me for swimming out so far """
my body is ready to finally relax for the night  i have finally reunited my youngest son with his other grandma after 19 yrs or so  thanks to all the drummers sitting close to us to help keep meee caalllmmm
"i can't remember how to invite someone in here, what a lazy day it has been  no wonder my brain ain't working  i am in <propfemale>, ks and supposed to be in north platte, ne by 2am  tuesday  gee i think i ought to have dispatch reschedule this load of bananas!!  lmao  i don't think i am going to make delivery on time what do you think?  lol"
i got dressed long enough to go inside and eat breakfast around 1ish pm  aaahhh i forgot what it felt like to stay in bed all day 
"5am and cant get to seep my trailer was broken into tonight while i was sleepig earlier, thank god they didn't run off with any cases of monkey pickles!! i have already had to pay for 30 cases that were crushed & refused  that came out of my pocket even though there is insurance it is starting to get nasty out here and i am thinking that working at the meat packing house is starting to sound aawfully good real soon "
<propfemale> i don't know where you got all your farmville dollars too get that balloon but it looks awesome  i am hoping to be able to e playful and my farm here real soon
hey i figured out how to change my photo   not bad for an old woman
"101 degrees in baldwin, fl  ick, at least i have a load of juice going back to hyvee  keep buying minute maid juice!!!! i don't every remember being n the heat on my birthday, it has always been cold and rainy  time for me to head north"
thank you for the guardian angel <propfemale>
"thank you \hammer\"" for making my 44th one that will never be forgotten"""
i really don't want to get my butt moving today   hi-ho i-owe    after i check my crops of course  heehee
"ahhhh finally i made it to chariton, hyvee must be having a sale on minute maid juice, we have 8 loads coming in in the morning "
farmville is still down??!! what the hell
i wonder if i can collect some crop insurance money beings my crops are going to wither in farmville 
"i finally got my crops harvested, thanks facebook for getting it fixed   hi-ho i-owe its off to work i go  maybe be done for the day by 8pm   yippeee maybe i can get my days and nights turned back around"
i got a new truck today  i have never been a volvo kind of girl because volvo's are for sissies and there ain't no sissy in this little girl  i went from less storage than my columbia to even less storage than the volvo  by god i better still get my fuel bonus or i am done  i will go buy my own truck then 
here i sit at another walmart  can't be late with that walmart frieght but it takes them an hour to check you in at the gate and another hour at the traffice control window and your only allowed on the property one hour before your appointment time  go figure 
"wooo hooo i think i am finally getting all the carbon monoxide out of my blood stream, i am only sleeping 8hrs now instead of 12-14hrs  on my way back to iowa with a load of simply orange juice for hy-vee  ya all have a good day smile "
"10-4 on the don't be late with the o j  lol my appt  isn't until noon tomorrow and i will be there when i go to bed tonight  i can't stand being late and we have a boat load of drivers that are late with this contract  i guess that is why our customer service people have me back on the contract, i am only late when my truck breaks down "
even when i had exhaust fumes coming in the cab i didn't run late  i got sick but still delivered on time  is that dedication or what?  smile   time to go eat so i can get across the land of stinkin <propmale> and the misery state then it is home turf - the corn fields here i come 
"what a loonnnggg day - slept on my couch last night  haven't seen the house since 9 4  had breakfast with my son <propfirst> and went christmas shopping for a bit  god i love kohl's!!! now i am at the ky tn line, got to be in miami 6am sunday  nite nite"
88 degrees in miami tonight  wooo hooo
it is going to be a hot one in miami today
"it has finally cooled off down here in miami  i just met me a new friend from minnesota, she is nuts but in a goooodddd way"
anyone know how we put in a friends request??? i haven't figured that out yet
ooohhh i think i figured it out  yippie
"i finally made it out of florida tonight  now i am going to the top side of baltimore  <propfemale> haw  it isn't so bad there, i will be on familar turf and have lots of protection if i need it  i spent almost 3 yrs  running nothing but east coast, so i have lots of friends there  i hope to be having dinner with my friend hammer when i get there wednesday "
sure would be nice if campers and pickups parked where they are supposed at the rest areas!!! i am stuck listening to traffice buzz by my head  isn't like i can legally drive any further up the road with all them solar panelled truck drivers filling up the truck stops b4 dark  i would like to put nails in front of the tires on the campers!!!!!!!!!  nite nite y'all don't let the bed bugs bite
"80 degrees in southern south <propfemale> at noon today and this man is wearing a stocking cap - unreal  finally cooler temperatures  i am getting closer to you april, but i am stopping just before the delaware line "
nite nite ya'all  sweat dreams everyone
"i almost wish i could afford to run over my phone     it has not shut up in three days  i'm gonna shut it off for the night and work on mastering \quicken\"" one of these days i will get it figured out  farm chores are done for a few hours """
"i don't know i have been so tired this week but i am worn out  another good nights sleep and  i should back to normal tomorrow  congrats to my son <propfirst> on the new job, now get your head out of jamies ass so you can see what lies in front of you - when you become unemployed again, she will kick you out a third time - repeat of history is very hard to stop  love ya all night night sweet dreams"
"i hear it is snowing back home  it rained off and on all night here in carlisle, <propfemale>  my chores on done on the farms, now it is time for the rainlocker and some foooddd  have a good day everyone!!!!!"
"i hope everyone had a good day today!! i had a very busy day, a little over 700 <propmale> for the day in a 65mph truck pulling a heavy load of hams thru the mountains of southern wv and over to the shipyards in norfolk, va which is where i sit for my 10hr break  i am glad i am addicted to farmville, i can wind down from the road"
"it is a beautiful day in the neighborhood here at the navy shipyard in norfolk, va  we must have a holding tank in albania for our military food supply because that is where my load of hams are going  eat up troops, the hams are here"
i thought i was doing a good job with my trip planning until someone made a mistake and hit a parked big truck sleeping on the ramp going into a rest area and pushed that one into a car hauler  god please be with that driver's family when they get the call in the morning that their loved one was killed while sleeping 
"i had forgotten how humid it is in florida this time of year, it felt like 90 but was only 78?  that darned ol pinched nerve in my neck that i have been fighting for how long now is giving me fits again along with spasms in my back  i hope the 28th of october hurry ups and gets here so i can go home and see my chiropractor  i'm going to have him take me off work a few extra days too "
i am sooooo looking forward to going home!!!!!!! i need my back worked on and it is impossible to walk into the chiro's office while out on the road and not pay them $250-300  there is no such thing as the gonstadt method anymore unless you go back to davenport  i wonder is <propfemale> will let <propfemale> come play with grandma for an afternoon??
joshua--answer your phone!!!!!  this satelite tv thing on my truck is driving me nuttttsssss  thats what i get for going the $20 route versus the $700+ route
"direct tv says no tv because my steel pole is not direct tv steel  a pole is a pole is it not???????? talk about frustration   no football, no csi, all i have is my trusty ole keyboard sad "
ooohhh it is going to be a long day tommorrow - the pain pill didn't knock me out like it was supposed to   nite nite sweet dreams everyone
good morning everyone!!!! i don't believe its a monday and i am up an hour before my alarm went off  i am not a morning person and for me to be up so early is unreal  at least the tramadol worked for the pain in my neck and my migraine  it didn't put me to sleep but it took away the pain momentarily  mcd's for breakfast it is  have a good day  smile 
good morning <propfemale>
now i am really scarred - i just got my 401k plan started  i don't know anything about that shit but i do know i need a savings plan of some sort so i went the conservative way
thanks for the bear <propfemale>!!! i love it
"a very lazy day it is here in sunshinny indiana  i deliver in indy tonight, reload in ft  <propmale> and then off to the sunshine state again  i'm getting close to my scheduled hometime so will probably bring another load of juice back to hy-vee  you keep buying minute maid siimply oj products and i will keep the warehouse stocked up "
nite nite everyone  it has been a long day but i got er done i even delivered 4 hrs early 
good morning or shall i say good afternoon everyone  i am headed north today and will try to bring some of the sunshine and warmth from floriday with me   have a good day!!!
"if you find the web <propfemale> for farmville secrets - don't throw away your money like i just did  so far it is a scam  if someone else has been able to get the download, please let me know how you did it "
good night everyone   i am going to bed and then delivering this load of fish guts to be made into cat food and going home to a loooonnnnggggg island ice tea 
"good morning everyone   i hope everyone has a good day!!!  i am in waterloo at <propmale> and becci's for the moment, stayed the night and headed home here in a minute or two   darn license plates are fixin to e playful ire on me so got to get to the court house today   don't drive faster than your angels can fly!!!!!"
"<propfirst>, i hope you make it into bed somewhere and you better have all your clothes on in the morning, or shall i say when you wake up somtime this afternoon  i hope you had a memboral 21st!!!!!   my 21st birthday, i celebrated at the first farm aid concert in champaign, il and thought i was going to faint when <propfirst> cash came out on stage   mama and jesus will always love you kid "
"chili simmering in the crock pot would smell soooo goooodd right now, no tomato juice or tomatoes  i really don't want to go into town again "
"i can't believe i have only 1 day left at home to relax  another case of \no rest for the wicked\"" because i won't relax now until tomorrow night  too much for one person to get done  at times i wish i had me a good wife at home to take care of so much of this heavy chores   lmao"""
hey am i the only one that can not get into farmville?????
ooh my goodniss  is this monday?? or friday the 13th  i am glad the day is almost over!!  what is the deal with farmville??i can't get into to do chores - not that i have the time right now -- i still can't go to bed with out climbing over    everything; but my relief driver decided he didn't need to follow dispatch orders  i hope everyone else had a wonderful tuesday!!  good night
how do i pitch a bitcch  with facebook farmville??? i still can't do my chores - it has been since last sunday and i can't get in
"i am calling it a day and only worked about 5 hrs  these migrains have got to go find someone to bother because i am about fed up with them!!!! i bet i end up having another mri done, for now i hide from the <propfemale> because they will disqualify me from working and no disability pay"
"good morning everyone - i don't know why i am awake this early, i didn't get to sleep til almost 3am  500 <propmale> to drive today, but i am going back to sleep for a bit  have a good day everyone"
"i hope everyone had a good day today! i was finally able to get a good nights sleep got up early and went back to bed till noon  hehe  no headache today til about an hour ago, probably from frustration from dealing with a male night dispatcher whom didn't have time for a woman's new truck breaking down because he \had a man on the other line\""  huh wait till the morning when the owner is in the office!!!"""
i got to love these yo-yo's i work for - they insist 100% compliance with the <propfemale> but they schedule the loads so tight that they don't allow for time for a flat tire or in today's case replacing a mudflap that <propmale> meat tore off when they spotted my trailer  now i can't deliver to wal-mart on time legally  guess what - they have to relay it 
"the thought for the day ----   have you women ever thought about how you are dressed when you are in your car and passing a semi !!!!!!!  especially in a traffic jam, trust me - i listen to it all the time on my cb  have you ever thought about how your seatbelt crosses between your boobs? think about it"
"the weekend was long but the bs today was just as bad  when you want something done you better do it yourself because the \men\"" refuse to  i won't tolerate the sexest shit without loosing my top and i raised the roof today 1200 <propmale> away  i hope <propmale> gets here in the morning with his motorcycle!!!!  i refuse to work tomorrow """
"rain rain go away, come again someother day, you can rain up north and you can rain west of birmingham but dont you dare blow towards jacksonville!!!!!!!  i need to have my knees in the breeze and the wind in my face!!!!"
"finally i get a break  its a crying shame i still can't get satelite tv to work on this darn truck  oh well, i guess i clean this pig sty up a bit and play on my computer all day"
"i do believe i have just come as close as i care to having a heartache!!! omg   i am ever so grateful that i was able to get my truck off the road and parked, i am feeling a little bit better now than i did an hour ago - dam chicken fat anyway  i had hot wings for dinner in louisiana earlier, i love chicken but why is it that everytime i eat chicken it is full of fat "
"good night ya all  i have my farm chores done and all my fish tanks cleaned and fish are fed  now it is time for me to get some sleep   i am feeling much better now than i was when i parked this big rig, thank god for being there for me when i need him!!!!  i love ya all  sweet dreams"
"good morning everyone  it is a beautiful day in the neighborhood! 70degress or so, partly cloudy  looks like i get to enjoy the whole day in texas  i wonder is my good friend <propfirst> tidalgo can come out and play lmao "
it is now time for me to go to work  i hope everyone of you have a wonderful day!!!  god speed good friends
"it sure would be nice if the yo-yo's in the office would get their act together and quit lying to us drivers, my appt  isn't until 17 surprise 0  now i sit and play  sounds like i will be in waco all night  woo hoo  where is the beer? oopps load isn't delivered just yet "
"what a lazy day   partied at <propfirst> <propmale>'s place last night, listened to <propmale> <propfirst> and his band play last night - their really good  <propfirst> aint here though  i am camped out at his truck stop here at <propfirst>'s corner  it's awesome  thanks <propmale> for reminding of where this place was at!!"
good morning <propfemale>!!!!!   what a what a weekend!!  omg the only thing my 2nd husband did good for me was to give me the same last name as <propfirst>  thank you <propfirst> for giving us truck drivers a place to let our hair down and vent on the pool table!!! now i have 24 hrs to recoop 
"good morning everyone  it got cold here in ft  worth last night, dummy me forgot to put a log in the fire  load to the buckeye state was cancelled, loading now back to the sunshine state  my chores are done in farmville (the others will have to wait) time to get dressed and go to work "
have a good day everyone!!
"85 degrees here in ponta gorda, fl this afternoon  good day my friends"
"good morning everyone!!!  the sun is shinning and starting to get awfully warm here in zephyrhills, fl  time for employee review before i run off to woodburn, or  thanksgiving will probably be spent in oregon this year   have a good day mate"
"i am very sorry i haven't been on here much the last couple of days!!  got in trouble at work yesterday, ( i guess i am not allowed at the florida terminal but someone forgot to tell me), and not doing to well in the head - literally  off to the doctor on the 7th!! enough is enough"
"almost 1300 <propmale> of my 3100 <propmale> is now out of my way and behind me  it is going to be a long ride to portland, oregon  good night ya all  i am wore plum out and have my farm chores just about done"
what a long day it was and i only drove 550 <propmale>  off to bed early tonight so i can get up early with hopes of making it inside to the sunday morning church service upstairs in the tv room  i figure i better go beings i am driving on borrowed time sort of  i pray i make it home to the doctor without hurting anyone!! got to finish these farm chores
"my farm chores are done, i am taking tomorrow off work due to no hours to legally run and it is snowing like a big dog here in idaho  nite nite sweet dreams everyone"
"to my dearest friends whom are just as concerned as i am right now, i do have a doctor's appt  scheduled  i had to schedule it around work of course because i am not (unless i find myself sitting on the shoulder of the road) going to a strange hospital  yes <propfemale>, i love you tooooo "
i hope everyone had a good day today! mine was filled with blurred vision and a throbbing head  i am glad i didn't have to work today  thank you dept  of trans !! lmao
nite nite sweet dreams
"well i made it through the day without my head e playful loding, it sure would be nice to find a way to relieve some of this pressure at the base of my skull  gotta do my farm chores then off to sleep  sweet dreams everyone"
"i want to take a moment and wish all my friends and family a very happy and safe thanksgiving day! please someone eat some turkey and pumpkin pie for me, i refuse to eat truck stop thanksgiving dinner due to the fact everyone is cutting back on the quality of the food nowadays  i hope mom and <propfirst> freeze me a plate!!!!!"
"i have many things to be thankful for this year and one of them is ms  <propfemale> - the dammest thing though, she is not going to be able to win this battle against the infection in her body if she doesn't get some very much needed rest and that doesn't mean all the excitement of someone coming to visit her, that is doing more harm than good  i pray that jesus will wrap his arms around her and keep her warm tonight"
"i finally had had enough tonight and went to the er in north platte, ne   never again will i go to this hospital!!!!! the er nurse hates truck drivers  i have vertigo, ct was normal  off work till released by family physician  now how do i get home-i am not allowed to drive  that is why we don't go to er out on the road "
"i am finally home, what a long day   blood pressure last night at the er was 169 107, what do you think april? do i need to rest a bit?"
good afternoon everyone---my head is off kilter today and balance is waaayyyy off so will spend the day on the couch now that i made it home-no thanks to dispatch 
"i guess i have a date! he will be here to take me to dinner at 2:15, ooohhh no what do i wear???  i can't hardly get into my bedroom, good thing i brought some pants from the semi before i left it sitting in north platte, ne"
"i am soooo glad i went to the er when i did!!  these \dizzy spells\"" from inner ear problems have me messed up  i really dont live leaving the house right now  dinner was good! it is really nice to have someone open the door for me! i didn't know that geneseo was in my backyard"""
any recommendations on colleges????  i want my bachelors degree in accounting  mom says look at the accredidations but i don't know what i am supposed to look for
i need to do this all online from the road by the way
"aahhh i now have a belly full of walleye, feet are up and time to let my \rocks\"" settled down in my head for a bit  i have next week off work too  that is really going to mess up my trip to hawaii in february """
"what has happened to teaching our children the old fashion values? when parents are ill and need help, are you or aren't you supposed to do everything you can possibly do to help them? whats more important-chasing the all mighty $ or parents? it used to be and still is my parents in my eyes  may god be with you <propfirst> and bless you for such good care of your wife becci  i cant drive or i would be there"
"it has been a long week sitting aroung the house with the inner ear problem, but not a total watse of time of work! i got my bathroom painted finally today, cant get the electrician here till middle of <propfirst>  so will work around that room and reorganize my bedroom tomorrow at last  thank u son 4 doing the heavy lifting tonight 4 me!!"
<propmale> chocolate cake is ready to eat and bedroom is rearranged  thank god for <propfirst> and mom's help on the bedroom and thankgoodness i have an upstairs because half of my bedroom went upstairs 
"omg the colleges have got my email flooded, it will take me all day to figure out which email it is i am looking for to fill out my financial aid stuff  callllgggooonnnnn  i am tooo old for this confusion"
doctor says let see what the next 48 hrs brings and maybe back to work by the end of the week   i wish i could afford to drive my bronco back to work (i work out by sioux city) but at 4mpg and almost 340 one way to work i don't think even <propfemale> would spend that kind of money this year   it feels good to be able to drive my car today  off to do some shopping
the doctor says give it another 48hrs and c how i'm doing then  looks like back under a load monday  let it snow let it snow let it snow!!!!
i am officially now a ashford university saint  woo hoo  i am excited to get this bach  degree finally done  i will be doing my studies from the road
thank you <propfirst> for the recommendation on school!!!
"<propfirst>, i didn't buy a 4wheeler w plow 4 my driveway not to get plowed!!!  i have shoveled as much as my back can handle therefore u had best be on your way over here child!!!!!"
and don't forget to bring my snowplow!!!!
i learned how to use my scanner this morning  now i can scan some old pictures to share
i really would like to strangle a kid tonight
"please my farmville friends, my christmas tree is a long ways away from being full and with only 13 days left to fill it i sure could use your help "
"hi ho hi ho it is off to work i go  i leave home sometime this weekend for my 8 1 2 hr ride to work so i can be under a load by the afternoon  it was nice to spend soooo much time at home  it is a them stupid girls refuse to allow this gramma her rights, i wonder what they will think when christmas gets here and i shove it in their face?! hehehe"
thank you <propfemale>!  it sure would be nice for us to get together one of these days!!
"it has been brought to my attention that earlier tonight when i accepted the gift of fv cash and then gifted to all of you that that was a scam where someone is trying to get into my computer  accurate info??? <propfirst> says so, idk!!! please check for viruses my friends"
"work schedule has been changed so i have all day to get housework done  it is a shame i dont live closer to the peoria area, i would go help load hay and maybe pursuade someone into a snowball fight after the chores are done   lmao"
can i go back to bed and start this whole week over?
what do you say to the person that stole about $3500 of stuff from you out of your semi while you were sick and at home??  i hope they choke on everything including my dirty panties!!!!!  i am really starting to hate my job can you tell?
farmville take me away  lmao
"42 presents to go to reach the 100 capacity and one week to do it in, can i do it?"
beautiful weather today in galveston
"<propfirst>, call me please!!!!!  how do i take my gifts from farmville freestuff and put them on my farm???"
"my thoughts and prayers are with the <propfirst> pfannenstiel family! <propfirst>, i hope you know i am with you in spirit as i am out on the road!!  i am truly sorry to hear about your wife's death at such a young age!"
"the weather in south east texas was a blessing for these old arthretic bones, lmao, i am now in the frozen tundra awaiting delivery appt tues  morn  with monkey pickles (bananas)  it will be a challenging ride home for christmas this year  god be with all of you and your families this holiday season  please drive safely"
"guess what, it didn't  fv freestuff must be a scam if no one can figure out how to actually receive it "
15 more presents and my tree will be full
<propfemale> christmas  everyone
"i am a very cheap date tonight - started on the second bottle of \cheap\"" champaign already in my pj's   let it snow let it snow let it snow    hehehehehe   i'm gonna be <propmale> over again tomorrow"""
"wow  i was glad i was 3 sheets to the wind when i felt rushed and pushed into making a serious decision and loosing a friend over it on christmas night !!!!  the darn bottle is empty now  there should still be some budlight in there i think  otherwise it is \what would willlie do?\"""""
"<propfirst>, where are you tonight? i would love to sit with my feet in the water and my ass in the sand in your front yard tonight  i still say i am the luckiy one to have you adopt me a yr ago !  lmao"
"it doesn't look like i am going to be able to get out of working today   sad   off to the races (shower, dig out the car, slide down the street and fire up the truck) so i can slide down the interstate        i love my job  hehehe "
"burrrrr it is old here in grand forks, north <propfemale> tonight   it sure would be nice to snuggle up to something lmao hehehehe warm tonight  i guess that is why i had a shot of southern comfort before i headed back to the back forty "
gonna be another long day waiting on a relay out of canada  was able to enjoy talking to my new friend from the cree nation early this morning over coffee 
it has been a long day but at least now i am in double digit temperatures again and above zero wind chill  going to go thaw out in <propmale> for new years <propfemale>  ( i will be sleeping between 2 whses a block away from delivery)
"paperwork is almost done, still need to entered in money received so my books show that i did get paid in 2010  phone went dead and i have refused to get outof my nightgown to go get charger  lol i wonder is i can write off motel as office e playful ense for today?lol"
here it is monday morning and this grocery warehouse is running 2-3 hours behind schedule and they are just getting started for the day  talk about poor schedule planning!
"wooo hoooo i am off work for the day in <propmale>, oh  i cant believe i found a place to park, even if it is at a waffle house   i cooked my first meal in the truck a few minutes agol  my <propmale> dad (<propmale>) was right, this stuff does taste good  (hormel complete) i guess it ought to beings i have hauled a bunch of it "
"5 am est will come awfully soon for me! i have my first two assignments done with my new class   woo hooo   it s now time for me to close my peepers and say my prayers   stay warm everyone, except of course april down there in jamaica, she is warm enough   lol"
"i am doing my studies - woo hooo  it feels good to be a student again, until the term paper is due in 4 1 2 weeks   lol"
"i hear atlanta was a junkyard this morning - 29 car pile up   hehehe they should have stayed home this morning  florida escaped their snow, which is where i am at  off to northern pennsylvania tomorrow  supper with my friend <propfirst> tonight while i am here  then curl up with my text book "
it is going to be a long week trying to get dispatch to find a load out of <propfemale> going thru rochester  mama becci says they better move heaven and earth to get me there to see her 
i never thought i would be bored with phsycology!!!!!  it has put me to sleep sitting up and then turned my vision all blurry  omg
"wooo hooo load info just came in, loading in camden, nj going to minneapolis  i might only have an hour to spend at the hospital in rochester, but i am sure my <propmale> mother sure would like to see me  i load tomorrow and then haul a@# as fast as this 65mph truck will go "
"god, please <propmale> me the serentiy to accept the things i can not change, the courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference "
sure would be nice if dispatch would get their act together  i could have spent the afternoon in rochester at the hospital with becci  what is it about these trucking companies nowadays? they go out of their way to allow any family time while out on the road  i will be glad when i can say f#^@ trucking!!!!
"aaahhh i get the rest of the day off  load tomorrow in salem, or going to chariton, ia  got to restock those frozen birds eye veggie for my friends back home that shop at hy-vee "
"saw on the internet that haiti is without a government  to help out, i'm donating one obama, one pelosi, one <propmale>, one <propfirst>, one coakley, and two clintons! they may keep them permanently! i'd give them a constitution; but i can't find mine right now! keep it going      "
"i hope you hy-vee shoppers enjoy these frozen veggies that i am bringing in to you!!!  i am soooo not looking forward to the icey roads going into chariton,ia friday   nite nite sweet dreams"
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ  and the <propfemale>n soldier  one died for your sins, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste in your status!"
this shit is soooo addicting - i have got to do my homework   i will be back  lmao
"april, i just read read ur comment early this morning or so  something about helping to find ur <propfemale> cat - well   ummm shall i be nice or fiesty?"
hey april - i found it i found it  please dont scratch me with those long claws  hehehehe
"i have finally finished my very short version of my autobiography, i am proud of myself and yet disappointed - not in my writing abilities but in another area of life   how can one person succeed in life but yet feel like a total failure in everything they set out to do?  because she refuses to do it for herself!!!!!! she feels that it must be done for someone else and  that is not worthy of having it alone"
"shame on you america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment ,veterans that recieve no help when they need it - yet we have a benefit for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations  99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this    "
"why is it when the men that refuse to ever trust a woman again, they continue to \hook up\"" with women so that they can still get laid? no wonder i am stuck in a rutt with only \""playmates\"" and batteries  at least i know i am not getting something ajax wont wash off"""
"now i think i understand why i felt it necessary for me to go back to school - so that i had a legit excuse not to answer my phone so i could run away  our prayers have been answered with becci this winter, by the grace of god, it sounds like she might be coming home soon  i wonder if <propmale> will do what he said he would, go to church every sunday for us allowing to keep becci with us "
"good night everyone!  need to get some rest so i can attempt to dodge another storm  i am on my way to <propmale>, wa by monday  cross my fingers for a beautiful winter afternoon ride through western montana  weather permitting, the only iron i throw is an axe, chaining down my loaded flatbed, or my sledge hammer when someone p#%$^&% me off "
"i do believe this menapuase thing has my head cornfused (like the hillbillies say)   i cant believe i was at walcott before i realized i missed my turn at <propmale> to go to muscatine from the west   today's dilemma - why am i so happy to be \misunderstood\"" but yet so lonely? i have been beat up more lately for being a woman on the road than i have in ten years i have lived out here   thanks <propfirst> ritchie!!!!"""
it sure would be nice if someone in the office would get their head in the ball game here   do i work another day or two for 4 days off or do i go home from musc  empty and get 6 days home   i hear there is some catching up to do and a few 12 packs to drink!!!!! out at the farm
"hey everyone, i signed in under my name now"
it feels good to get out of the truck tonight and visit with old friends!!  i have been naughty and not told anyone that i am home(sort of home)   shame shame on me 
happy birthday <propfemale>!!
"it was really good to party with an old friend last night, sorry for the hangover <propfemale>! hehehe  now that i have a place to board a horse, it is time to go shopping "
"i do believe it is time to go to work   i was going to wait til the chickens wake up, but anxiety is setting in and all my tests are done for the week  i am gonna have to talk to dr about medicine for my ptsd before all this anxiety causes another stroke   i wish i had a pile of wood that needed split right now!"
"i was just looking at my profile pic, wow what a sad face!  i am going to have so find some pics where i am not so sad   i was all dolled up and ready to take on the world that day, and my load was cancelled and no where to go  i might look good but what is good looks without a smile?"
"hey thanks <propmale>, for sharing urbandisctionary com!! here is what my name means:  a goddess of attractiveness and super intelligence  talks too much and loves the color pink  has super cute feet, and extremely paint able nails  most lovable type of girl in the whole world "
"for all my relatives in fb land, check this out; once again thanks <propmale>, this is what lauer means:    a really hot girl that can have sex  guys usually call her \lauer power\"" in bed  she can get shit done damn that lauer really got me going    i have always known the women in our family actually get more done than the men do never in a million years what i have guessed a dictionary would have that meaning in it """
"woo hoo  my last load is delivered off to joslin, il  i go to drop empty trailer and bob-tail 5 <propmale> to the house till at least monday   ya all have a good night i shall return in a couple of hours"
pretty sad when you can't leave your car in your driveway and leave town for a few weeks then come home to go to the eye doctor and battery is dead because someone turned on the parking lights  now i have to wait for mom and be late   i cant stand being late!!!!!
"it sucks to be a colts fan tonight!  sorry to you colts fans but today the sints came marching in  i know because i have been singing the song in my head all day!!!  today was the 3rd time in my life that if i would have had a bookie and the money to back up my bet, 1 million on the saints and that bet would have been done as soon as it was anounced the saints were in the superbowl!!!!  woo hoo"
another day here at home woo hoo  i get to enjoy my company a little bit longer hehehe  he cant find a load out today neither 
dam he found a load out    sad   no i have a boat load of homework to get done and turned in by midnight   prioritize prioritize       i wonder if i dare take my car to the gulf next month after my brother <propfirst> smashed my front end with the trailer?  lmao sorry bro i had to rib you a bit  hehehe
"why kids insist text,convenient for you, pain in the a@^ for multitask and need fingers flying on this keyboard and not the keyboard on the phone? i do my best work under pressure but come on, i am one person and have to hire out half my workload which means i have to run circles around guys at work some more  quit it, ur killing me  now costs me $2800 if im texting while driving months take home pay   kiss my butt"
i might not have enough <propfemale> to wait for my new glasses!!!  two hours or so on the computer and my eyes are cross-eyed again and forced to strain my eyes some more   how does the song go?  i am a survivor by <propfemale>
finally my final draft is turned in  i can't believe i am still holding a b  sure would be nice to figure out how the online library thing works though  i would have gotten a better grade on the final  off to take my english test
"oohhh no, down to 2 cigarettes  i knew i should have went up to truck stop after taking the guys back to <propmale>'s truck   i am not going out tonight!"
"finally, i am done with computer work for the night   sounds like nasty weather outside per my night dispatcher   let it snow let it snow let it snow   i really don't want to go back out just yet "
"good night everyone, i am signing out"
"our prayers have been answered with my <propmale> mom becci, now to deal with the paralysis  it was nice to be able to finally talk to her yesterday for the first time since christmas  i am strong enough to deal with alot of things but loosing her   have a wonderful day everyone, i am going to enjoy some sunshine in the sunshine state"
"hey <propfemale>- i just remembered, you live in j'ville  guess where i am at <propfemale>, w 5th st just off of englewood in j'ville"
i do believe i am coming down with probably the worst chest cold i have ever had  i don't recall ever feeling so much pain in my chest before and it runs all the way up the right side of my neck into my ear   ouch
"its a shame that after 10 yrs out here i still am unable to buy my own truck but i don't want my own truck if i am not going to run it with the ole man  that is how is supposed to be for me, and if i can't have it that way i refuse to have any of it  things are totally different for men, so i am sorry for if some hold it against me, but all my dreams have been taken away from me and now i have to dream new ones now "
it has been a long night not doing a darn thing and i really am not feeling very good  i hate being sick  i do believe that the only way my head is going to quit thumping is to bury in the pillows so they get some head and my mattress some butt   sweet dreams ya all
i don't know whom i am trying to kidd but there is no way i can get to sleep!! my mind is toooooo preoccupied with something i have needed to do for myself for many years and i think i just figured part of the plan  2 yrs  tax returns will pay the bills long enough for me to get my book written and heyl truck lines and the rest of the so called trucking companies can kiss my <propmale> white a$$ 
have you ever cried so hard that you start to hyperventilate? or go into convulsions??  omg  i thought my anxiety issue was bad but i aint never!!!!!  grandpa used to say an idle mind was a devil's playground but in my case being alone tends to be a devil's playground 
"life path number 4: the pillar those with a life path number 4 are the earth on which everything good is built  you are probably the most trustworthy, organized and practical person you - or your friends - know   "
sweet dreams everyone!
happy valentines day everyone
i was told not to play with my nipple too much it might knock me out  hehehehe  but whom better to do it for the moment than me?  hehehe
i guess i should have told him to get his mind out of the gutter and that it was the nipple on the connector thingy where i was fixing an air line  hehehe
"whomever said dispatchers had a brain they lied to you!!!!!!!!  wth i am still waiting for a door at hyvee and dispatch thinks i can b n ottumwa by 6 tonight to load for canada, drop it at the yard 30 <propmale> north of sioux city then grab a load going to <propfemale>   with the safety issues going on with my tractor and a man n my bed at home going west before east is totally stupid "
"i don't know about the rest of you, but i am about sick of all this white stuff falling out of the sky  i hear there is more on the way for friday night here in iowa  i am stuck in ottumwa for the night and no radar isn't home visiting his mother, the 4077th couldn't part with him so he was denied his pass to go home "
the cards r stacked against me!!!!  im going back 2 bed
i have very very very bad!!!!  i have been in my nightgown and bathrobe now since about 9 smile 0 or so saturday night vegged out on the couch  now that i have 27 hrs of drooling over sully and dr  <propfirst> it is almost time to go back to work   ooohhhh  nooooo
"looks like i get to relax most of the day  texas load has been taken away due to coca-cola not communicating amongst themselves, i am not on the schedule to be here today  where is my snuggle <propmale> when opportunity is knocking???"
time to get homework turned in by midnight and before this trailer is empty  still have a ways to drive yet tonight to get set up for reload in the morning 
"in waterloo for the night, will go to hospital in morning to see mama becci   she is back in icu tonight   these hot cold night sweats better leave me alone tonight!!!! may the lord be with you all and for those of you out truckin tonight - may your angels ride with you!"
why is it that one always thinks they have all kinds of time to visit a sick friend or relative and then complains when time has run out and the last breath has been taken   i am so happy that i had my time at the hospital saturday!!!  now lets see if dispatch cooperates and gets me home in time for the funeral 
"r i p  <propfemale> <propfirst> cretsinger briggs hanson  i promised you and i will keep every  promise i made to you, i will always look forward to seeing you again someday, for now, it is time for you to make your final journey tonight then you can go truckin with me and we don't have to worry about anyone getting jelous   that jump seat is calling your name"
"and i thought this weekd end was going to be extremely hard on me - the days ahead will be just as hard if not harder due to the fact that i will be dealing with a flood of tears while driving from time to time   please be patient my friends, and forgive me if i just don't feel like talking on the phone from time to time "
"saturday i received a message from an eagle that my dearest friend is doing well now and on her final journey to her new home in heaven   i will be looking for the eagle again this week that will tell me that she has arrived at her new home   becci, i will always <propfemale> our memories together and look forward to seeing you again after i make my final journey to our spirit world   i will always be your little lady!!!!"
"i am on my way to <propfemale>, il delivery tomorrow night  i had to stop in at papa <propmale>'s for coffee on my way through waterloo and boy was he surprised to see my truck pull up out f<propmale>t   hehehehe  i will be back online late tonight when i get home "
borrowed from a friend: lets see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this could be fun!
"is it thle second week in june yet????  i really need to drown some worms up north  i am looking forward to seeing some of my cousins again and reconnecting with the rest of you lauer guys!!!!  i am taking my nephew, <propfirst> jr  fishing over in clermont and pickleing my liver in fayette so <propfirst> your calendars"
"now i remember why i don't like running the west coast,  it screws up my internal clock"
"thank you sooo very much for the harness <propfirst>! my horses have been crying for their new home to get finished   now that the work is done, we need to sit down and let the horses have their beer and we drink the whiskey what do you think?  hehehe"
"isn't there a law about abusing someone on the facebook chat line?  if anyone knows of it, please let me know!!!"
good night everyone   i should have been asleep by now if i am to get going fairly early so i can have breakfast with my <propmale> dad in the morning   <propmale> might have to call and wake me up   hehehehe
i finally got my power cord replaced so am back online now
what's going on in town tonight? i ought to get dolled up and see what trouble i can get into
"love is not a war, it is a search for peace, and when two surrender to one another, they have reached the ultimate victory "
time to go back to work and wiggle my way up through wash  d c  and on up to <propfemale> new jersey   see ya all late tonight
"after the early morning that i have had - i have come to hate women real darn quick!!!!  if y'all don't hear from by supper time tonight, you know i went to jail for stabbing a bitch   for now i am safe inside the gate waiting to get my first drop off "
it is amazing how my day yesterday started out so rotten beginning with my horrible night dispatcher refusing to give me some money to pay the repair shop <propmale> all the way to a woman putting a snow job on me and ending it with watching the gals dance totally naked and reminding me that at my age i still look good naked
"a friend from mississippi has given me an e playful erience i will never forget   you women - can you imagine being served your breakfast and coffee by a totally naked woman?  heee heeee  i can still hold a candle to them 20 some yr old girls i think, and that is what i mentally needed i guess"
time to go back to work   traffic on the watermelon 500 ought to be thinned out by now hopefully
is anyone able to help me complete my maison on fv? i still need a little of everything  i sure would appreciate your help  thank you
i wonder why i am unable to send gifts on treasure isle????
"it is time to, as <propmale> says, \inspect the inside of my eye lids\""  it seems really weird not tucking in all my \""fellers\"" anymore  sure would be nice if one of them would think to call and tuck me in once in awhile  then they wonder why i don't tuck them into bed anymore """
good morning good morning good morning!!!!  i had forgotten how retarded people are up here in the twin cities  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>   it sucks to be them i guess
does anyone have any idea why i am unable to send fruits and gifts on treasure isle??  the <propfemale> wont open up all the way  i have tried to update my flash player a couple of times now and doesn't seem to work
"i do what i've done cause i've gone where i've been, and i've found that what i've done, has been because the things which i found where iam"
another night being romanced by the boob tube  god almighty what does a woman have to do? throw herself at someone's mercy?  not this stupid woman   seagrams and sully it is
kitchen counter
"i haven't been on here for a couple of days, i noticed that my love score on my horoscopes have dropped drastically, it couldn't be because i think i would rather love my dam peterbuilt than a man could it????  sorry guys - but the more i learn about men the more i love my truck (and i am not referring to this piece of s    cascadia!)"
"hey fv friends, will you please help me with my maison?  i still need slate tile, aged brick, cling vines, and the panes   i appreciate your help!!!!"
"hey fv friends, will you please help me with my maison? i still need slate tile, aged brick, cling vines, and the panes  i appreciate your help!!!!"
"looks like it is off to bed  the only farm i can get chores done on is pf, imagine that   lmao"
"i have safely made my return back from seattle without rolling my truck over from the 40+mph winds, monday the winds were 60+mph with an empty trailer   i am proud of myself of facing my nightmare head-on   i wonder if the shop will fix the leaky windsheild tomorrow (beings i will be stopping by the office) before this piece of shit truck burns to the ground along side the highway "
hey campbell- i was able to find one of the apps posted a few weeks ago that i was referring to in one of my text messages today    dam it you will just have to go back a few weeks and find them because it is not letting me repost them or i flat out am toooo stupid to figure it out   that's right--i am just another stupid bitch in your eyes 
thank god <propfirst> campbell finally deleted me today!!!!!  now i don't have to see his name come up as friend of the day or better yet lover of the day!!  i am so looking forward to a campfire and a 2 day drunk
finally made it to the edge of ft  worth  truck is broke down again! this is the 3rd time in two weeks  gee i wonder why i love my peterbuilts - because freightliner doesn't know how to make a truck yet!!!!
happy mother's day everyone
check this out-dispatch was notified at 9pm sat  nite that my truck was going down  i babied it to ft  worth so that it could go to the shop here and get fixed sun  while i was waiting for my <propmale>  appt mon  morning   now i am waiting for a tow truck because heyl's shop ignored my cry for help  engine is knocking pretty good and i only drove around the block   rotflmao
"i am so glad monday is over!!!!  my rental truck and i are rattling down the road till my hunk of junk is fixed, at least everyone is still making money for the time being  awfully humid in san <propfirst> already this morning   have a good day everyone!"
"sweet dreams everyone, time for me to get a 4hr nap before work again "
let's see who is paying attention    every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision i wanted u there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but maybe even as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who really is   click like if you are my friend i <propfemale> friendships!
"prayer alert!!! for a fb friend's, friend's daughter audrin <propmale>, hold the family up in prayer today  her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even if you dont know her, god knows    please post this  to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl and god    bless you for doing it! (how could any mom not repost?) pray for this child"
i am glad i only took $20 into the bar tonight!!!  at least i am sober enough now i can lay my head down  checks are written out   till i ran out of stamps  i guess i pay the rest over the phone or online  impossible to find stamps when your car is 70' long  lol
i still need irrigation pipe if anyone of you fv friends have some
"i must be getting old   i enjoyed supper with an old friend and back to my truck in about 2 hrs   it has been a long time since i have raised any hell   2 more weeks and then the campfire with a cooler full of beer, oh yeah cant forget my southern comfort  some of us like to two fist it sometimes "
hi ho hi ho   u kno the rest   i suppose i better call the old man and wish him a happy 77th today  he tells me i am not his daughter but yet i am the only one that does anything for him   why do father's always underestimate the love of their daughter?
"the decision is made, i am restarting my hrs here in gallup then drive that long 11 hr into long beach all in one shot   <propfemale> - i have no idea yet how much time i will have in your neighborhood nor how far away i will be from you but will most likely <propfemale> out in ontario once i am empty"
rain rain go away
i see <propfirst> finally got himself a real truck  lol
"looks like in sioux falls for the night and maybe dispatch spring for a motel she said  i guess giving my travel agent a hug once in awhile helps to clear the air  is it time to go home yet? i hear the campfire calling my name  fayette park here i come, ready or not  too bad the barrel is gone  <propfemale> <propfemale>  i wish <propfemale> was still around to cuss me on saturday morning though  rip dear god-mother"
ahhhh <propmale> liite lime and sully and dr  <propfirst>     only one missing is a strong pair of arms wrapped around me 
"************attentionfriends:yet another\thing fb is doing without warning us!!! your phone <propfirst> are listed\for everyone to see  on the top right of yourscreen, click account,\then edit friends  on the left side, click onphonebook  make your \friends aware their phone <propfirst> are there"
my bronco is grounded till the steering box and some bushings are replaced  i will be stealing mom's car for my escape to fayette county!!!!  looking forward to the campfire and cooler full of beer with my cousin's  wish <propmale> would have been able to make it
"nite nite everyone! dr  appt , appt at the bank, and then 3hr ride to set up tent and drink a boat load of beer  it is tooo bad that my only niece and nephew wont be joining me, they are going to miss out on horseback riding in wadena and don't even know it but that is their perogative "
i have made it home from my weekend get away!  i had forgotten how serene it is up home  fayette county will always be home to me! it was wonderful to visit with the both the lauer's and the <propfirst>'s and i am looking forward to the mud run on july 3rd!!!
"nite nite sweet dreams everyone  time to hit the rainlocker and head out to chicago in the am then off to sioux falls   i enjoyed my relaxation this weekend, but still need to do some trail riding and a few more campfires this summer "
what a way to wake up-----a phone call telling me that i have been selected to be listed in the 2010-2011 edition of cambridge who's who
i have the bull by the horns fixin to bend him over my fuel tank lol    i will never be able to thank <propmale> enough for putting the curiousity in the back of  my mind!!!! i not only got the bank beside me but i will soon be looking ever so neat in my seat riding around in my chickenmobile   thank you <propfirst> for your help too!!!!
"one of my good friends just told me to quit putting myself down-i said i was a little fat bitch, he said a bitch has 4 legs and says bow-wow and i have 2 legs and i am known to say f    you   i thank god everyday for my friends, you truly are my rock "
"i know it is now monday, but well  i slept until 1pm and totally forgot it was fathers day til about 9 tonight and of course i had to work late   happy father's day to all my friends and loved ones whom are daddy's!!!!"
"my decision has been made, heyl truck lines can kiss my <propmale> white ass! i just figured out what my vacation check would be as well as my bonus check, neither will be paid unless i stay on the payroll till july 10th which means i miss grand-daughters baptism  $1100 minus taxes isn't worth the headache to me! 11 days of fishing, drinking, and wrking around the house will be very relaxing  care to join me????"
"you ought to see the streets of marengo, iowa   the water is half way up my steer tires   i thought you weren't supposed to drive thru the flooded streets but i had no other option available and the thru the water again to bump the dock "
"all my chores are done, time for a nap then off to muscatine to switch trailers out   it was interesting to see the looks on faces in the office yesterday when i called the office personnel a bunch of morons because they e playful ect drivers to follow regulations but they refuse to cooperate so drivers can do so   <propfemale> <propfemale>  they don't have a clue on life"
"6 more days and i am officially out of the truck for a week   woo hoooo   i will be polishing chrome during some of that time of though, but it wont be one a throw away hunk of junk  <propfemale> <propfemale>"
"the 30th of june cant get here  fast enuff!!!  my car fell victim to the flood in akron, ia this last week supposedly with minor water intake  we shall c when i get to the office and the dam thing better start, it has never failed me before, so the lord willing, it will still get <propfemale> me the 7 5 hr ride home from work   then i get to move into my truck with my name on the title   wooo hoooo  truck it up   luv u mom"
i have to get up at 3 smile 0am florida time to get these last 5 pallets of beef off down here in the sunshine state so had better get to bed  dispatch had better not waste anytime getting me back to the cornfields of iowa  home sweet home  i want to play with my new toy!!!!  4 more days in this hunk of junk
2 more days in this black piece of shi   and they are going to run me ragged to the point where i will be toooo tired to make the journey from sioux city to the quad cities without falling asleep  i would like to make it to the auction under the twin bridges thursday but we shall see 
"for the last couple of weeks or so, everybody and their brother was wanting to know when i was going to be home next  i can't have a \boyfriend\"" because i am not home everyday and live an independant life  these \""yo-yo's\"" (sorry) know i am home and guess what   i'm alright  don't nobody worry about me (as the song goes)  i'm not even allowed to be gramma because im never home  shall i go to her baptism while im home?"""
i pick up my new man (my peterbilt) on wednesday this week
"from sea to shining sea, from on top of every mountain in between, from every valley, cornfield, prairie, <propfirst> beach, sky scraper buildings, from ghetto to ghetto, and let's not forget the backbone of our country  from every big truck out there away from their home 20, and most of all from every military base and camp across the world    happy birthday united states of <propfemale>"
"well, what is the verdict???  is fb charging us or not?"
"rotflmao  thanks april, i think he is awefully hot too!!!!  you really ought to see the diamonds he bought me  <propfemale> <propfemale>"
woooo hooo  time to unhook from my trailer and fill up my fuel tank so that i have a c tonight down here in florida  lets c if i can do this with out hurting myself again tonight  lol   i sprained my right <propfemale> a lil bit ago being a monkey and getting by with what i have on hand till bank account gets fat again  i am such a clutz tonight
"i think my travel agent might be right, i just may have fractured a bone in my ankle foot when i fell last night  no x-ray till tomorrow afternoon tho!!!"
"this truck runs like a raped ape! the fuel is cranked up so high that the tips of smokestacks are blue   <propfemale> <propfemale>  not good for fuel mileage though, so i keep it between 60-65 mph  she climbed up mt  eagle like she had an empty trailer on  aahhh the memories we will make"
the swelling has gone done a bit on my ankle so i doubt if i fractured anything in there when i was being a monkey the other night  lol thank god i drive a peterbilt now or i would have had trouble working the throttle last night 
"i can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something year old  here are a few 20-something year-olds worth knowing about: <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propfirst> weikert 29, justus bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26, <propfirst> <propmale> 23, <propfirst> goeke 23, & <propmale> tate 27  these 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week  repost if you support the military "
"what a what a what a clutz!!!!!!  a knot on my noggon last sunday from climbing on the tire to put rain x on my windshield, tore up my ankle monday night, yesterday split my face open on my chrome light bar   everything is healing miraculous though   my husband had better quit beating me up  lol"
"a hot bubble bath, i am working on my 4th seagrams and 7 up wooo hooooo  i do not know what i have done to be so lucky to have a man in my life that really cares about the moment, but i shall thank god everyday for him!!!"
"hey <propfirst>, dont get room 107!!!!!!! the a c doesn't work in here and i have already notified her once, im gonna sleep in the truck  pass it along to chuckie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   the cold shower was awesome but i cant get dried off now "
"dam front desk wont answer the phone now,  go figure  that's it, im sleeping in the truck where the a c works real good thanks to chuckie   i will be back "
night night ya all  it is now time to tuck daddy into bed so he can tuck me into bed  <propfemale> <propfemale>
all this anticipation to see daddy and have all day saturday and half of sunday with him is starting to make my belly do flip flops  lord help me if i end up with the shits again like i did last saturday when he went straight thru from salt lake so he could have 3 hrs with me b4 i had to go to <propmale> 
"if you have a mom who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you \tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on kept you \strong      remember      moms are a promise from god that you will have\a friend forever!!! i love my mom!! put this as your status if you love\your mom!! love you mom thanks for always being there    and making me the woman i am today love you with all my heart     "
hey does any fv fans have a horseshoe that u can send me?  i need 9 of them pretty please with sugar on top and 1 more brick to e playful and my horse barn  please and thank you
"ok, i have played underneath my truck, chores are done on fb, now i have got to figure out this bookkeeping program or i will be in trouble with my boss lady, <propfemale> like to be a bitch when i dont stay on top of paperwork   lol"
omg i played with my <propfirst> car last night--i found where she likes to run as far as speed and rpms and still maintain good
today has not been a good day for anyone to piss me to f off!!!  i am now chomping at the bit to chew some ass over at cedar rapids <propmale> for putting on the wrong drive tires when i bought this truck  no wonder i cant get decent fuel mileage 
thank you jesus for helping me find an out to wanting to grab that nigger out of his truck and beating his head into the asphalt in the middle of the interstate this afternoon 
"hey everyone!!!!  i have been soooooo busy     but i havent forgotten ya all!!! you have all been with me in spirit!!!  i have dedicated today to doing computer bookkeeping work in my office so will be online aalllll day except to ride my antique mower to the post office because i am tooo cheap to fire up my \hubby\"" out here in the driveway that put a big dent in my bank account yesterday!"""
omg     <propfirst>  where are you tonight???  the annual bonfire out at our school kicking off homecoming week is tonight  it would be awesome to go there (those are memories i never created while in high school )
"some women stay at home lord, washing clothes and doing dishes  others like to work construction, building homes and digging ditches  but when it comes to me lord, you know just how i feel  i enjoy making my living in a truck behind the wheel  but all this time i'm gone, lored i feel so out of touch from all my friends and family, whom i miss so very much "
"part 2 of 2    i thank you for the calling lord, and what it means to me  a <propmale> to cross this country, and all the places i get to see  so as i travel forward, lord, in your safety and unharmed  remind me that i'm a woman, made by you with grace and charm  the life i live you guide, and nothing happens by luck  yes i am a woman, and i make a living driving a truck   amen  \alabama preacher\"""""
"ooooouuuuccchhhh  i really dont have the time anymore for lazy brothers!!!!!!!  mom, i don't take it personally but i needed to vent   i wonder if i will be able to drive tomorrow  yeah yeah i know    suck it up so you can cowgirl up cowgirl girl"
i wish i had some good pain pills that would pass a <propfemale> test
"1 of 2  some women stay at home lord, washing clothes and doing dishes  others like to work construction, building homes and digging ditches  but when it comes to me lord, you know just how i feel  i enjoy making my living in a truck behind the wheel  but all this time i'm gone, lored i feel so out of touch from all my friends and family, whom i miss so very much "
"2 of 2    i thank you for the calling lord, and what it means to me  a <propmale> to cross this country, and all the places i get to see  so as i travel forward, lord, in your safety and unharmed  remind me that i'm a woman, made by you with grace and charm  the life i live you guide, and nothing happens by luck  yes    i am a woman, and i make a living driving a truck  amen \alabama preacher\"""""
i am havng <propmale> malfunctions with fb so am going to bed   i got all my data entry done yesterday and am anxious to see my first qtrly reports printed out soon 
"omg i had forgotten what a hangover felt like!!!!  thank you <propfirst> for a memorable birthday! i cant remember when the last time was that i celebrated my birthday, even though i did have to work a few hours last night  today it is assholes and elbows racing against the clock"
"i wish right now i would have studied more about being a computer geek!!!!  i am locked out of most of my laptop   no important documents, pics, music, all my \favorites\"" is gone  of course everything is on backup hard drive provided i know how to use it!"""
i have been so busy gettin er done with all my equipment maintenance and household stuff that i havent taken the time to stay up on my fb stuff   i thank all of you for all the birthday wishes!!!!!!!! i dont remember getting soooo many   u all added to it being a very memorable one!  thank you
"phone calls are alll made except for calling <propfirst> back (sorry <propmale>) now off to the shower finally  if i dont come back online tonight, u will know i am s<propfirst>ping away some anxiety stress (thanks to my kid)  i am soooo looking forward to this meeting friday morning!  not"
i have my puter all reprogrammed now and am back up and running  kind of funny my eldest son i find out is corrupted and then my puter gets corrupted a few days later  my desk is disappearing at a fast rate of fuel consumption so i guess i better drop the hammer   hi ho i owe 
"all this book work is making my eyes go goofy!!!!  lol  sorry <propfirst>, i know i promised u i would stop b4 this happened but well, the work has got to get done and no one is going to do it unless i do it  i have been on this puter 4 about 12 hrs now "
"i am an un-apologetic american!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of theunited states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! i grewup reciting this every morning in school  it is a shame we no longer dothat for fear of offending someone!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this "
"i wonder what our lovely country will do when the men and women of this country that own their trucks and trailers, aka--owner operators, all go home and say f--- you i am not working for nothing to keep the shelves stocked for the american consumer????  that day is getting closer!"
60mph winds with 80mph gusts rain has turned to snow  bundle up down there at home everyone because <propfirst> and i are going to bring the shitty weather home with us tonight  <propfemale> <propfemale>
"she who rides a tiger is afraid to dismount --proverb  it is only with the support of others and the renewed connection with a power greater than ourselves that we can hope to recover and become whole   i suppose i can dismount if i have a few people holding the tiger   \meditation for those who do tooo much\""  that's me!!!!  hi ho i owe   time to go truckin!  have a good everyone!!!!"""
sorry everyone that i have been off in my own little world these last few days    but my bed in my house that <propfirst> built litterally ate my air card so i have not been able to get online until i took the time to fish it out of between two pieces of aluminum 
i will b soooo glad to get back to fargo tonight so my 4 legged sidekick here can go to his new home on the farm  <propfirst> better not get another dog for many years to come  it is getting harder on this old grandma to find good homes and the truck just isnt big enuf for allll this dog hair   what am i doing awake this time of day????? someone had to pee and it wasnt me
"*****hey, is anyone thinking of getting a puppy????  free to good home! 2yr old albino boxer, does not know that he is a dog! but he doesnt like to snuggle  not afraid to jump out of windows neither! life on the road just isnt fair to him and my son was not taking care of him, so i had to rescue him  healthy but a wee bit skinny "
"good morning everyone! <propmale> finally let me sleep til 5 smile 0 today, he has been getting me at between 3 smile 0 and 4  time to go to the shop and spend some $$$$$ on my hubby that i love to ride around the country in  mostly routine but nonetheless must be done "
a very special thank you to all whom have are served serving in the our nations armed forces!!!!!!! i thank you
"i officially have <propmale> all tucked into his new home in silvis where he has 3 boys and 2 other dogs to play with  the boys are young and very active so everyone should be happy i hope  i must be getting old, leaving my 4 legged grandson behind tonight hurt  how dare <propfirst> ever do this to me again!!!"
"it felt awesome to sleep alll night and all morning, siding crew just showed up and i am still n nightgown  good thing they are family friends!!!!!  shower, bank, pay bills, then food"
"sunday, november 14, 2010, will go down in my history books as being one of the most memorable days out here on the road!!! the right songs were playing on the juke box, weather was hateful on monteagle this morning, but a beatiful day to truck it up  the idiots from mi are headed to floriday today  my angels in heaven have been trucking alot with me lately  sweet dreams"
"(my horoscope)\when you feel strongly about something, you're never shy about letting the world know  that goes double for now  in fact, right now, anyone who challenges you really should be warned first -- because you're absolutely not in the mood to be messed around with  you won't stand for it, not for one minute  prepare to raise a few eyebrows, and to love every minute of it "
"i need 10 blankets, 9 bottles, and 5 horseshoes"
"to all my friends out there whom plan on traveling over the holiday, please drive smart!!!  toooo many people are driving really really really stupid all of a sudden thinking us 80,000 lb big trucks can swerve and stop on a dime  i dont want it to be u that i slam into the rear end because someone decided to stop for no reason in the middle of the interstate  i will be sending the next idiot out into the trees"
"please fv friends,  i need ur help with e playful anding my chicken coop   thank u"
"like water which can clearly mirror the sky and the trees only so long as its surface is undisturbed, the mind can only reflect the true image of the self when it is tranquil and wholly relaxed  --indra devi"
"woohoo  darn brokers and their lying!!!!!!   telling me i can't get loaded before 2pm today, 11am at the earliest   hhaaaaa in your face   i am getting loaded now, then headed to the house  a fast 12 5 hr ride  can i do it per regulation?  who cares!  this is the first yr i have looked forward to turkey dinner since i had dinner with my grampa  gee i wonder how long that has been?????  i think i was a young teenager "
"hhmmmm    i wonder how much visiting i will get done while i am home??  i really need to go up home and c my aunts, uncles, and cousins but have to drag retarded daddy along then and be crazy by the time i get back home  maybe put off fayette county til christmas when i will have more than a day to spend "
fv is messed up!!!!  now my crops will be withered  time 2 go home
"wish heaven had a phone so i could talk to you again    i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  re-post this if    you have someone in heaven that you miss    r i p  grandpa and grandpa <propfirst>, granma lauer, miss becci"
"hi ho off to work again  should have good weather all the way to fargo then trailer goes in the shop for <propmale> internal repairs  motel here i come   enjoyed 3 days with <propfirst> here at home  visited son, <propfirst>, and no sight of son <propfirst>; thank god  why would he walk off with my bathrobe and crockpot?  i want it back!!!!! that bathrobe was a gift from my late <propmale> mother damit "
"nobody's word is enough until it is sealed like a ridge runner's word!!  spit or blood, some of us ridge runner's of candlelight park sealed our agreements by cutting our hand til it bled and then shook on it   <propfirst> duke and ol boss hog thank you for taking me down memory <propfirst> "
aahhh  peace and quiet for a bit  phone is dead charging in the truck and i in the warm motel room letting the snow blow 
i hope my trailer is done at the shop 2moro  the motel was sold yesterday afternoon so employees came to work today to find out they are unemployed at 7am 2moro 
i never thought i would sit down and drink redbull with my jeigermeister
redbull
"cancer patient only has one wish: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it   "
"cousins\are the 1st friends of our lives      when you grow up, they are still \your friends  repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the \world!!! they may not be part of your daily life, but they are never far\from your thoughts and memories  love u guys!!!!!"
"when filling out your holiday cards this year, take one card and send it to this address: a recovering american soldier, c o <propfirst> <propmale> army medical center, 6900 <propfemale> avenue, nw washington, dc 20307-5001  if we pass this on and everyone sends one card, think of how many cards these wonderful, special people who have sacrificed so much would get  please copy and post on your wall & keep address"
i don't need an angel on my christmas tree i already have one in heaven looking down on me    put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you wish could be with you this christmas!! ???????
"holy batshit batman, u missed the fire of the day! i am glad the truck waited to e playful lode after i fflllleeeeewwww by it and thank god it was on the other side of the interstate because the flames were awfully big coming out from underneath the fuel tank"
is this darn wind ever going to quit blowing? 2 days in my nightgown was awesome but it is time to go back to work  4am will come early  uuggggg
"will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approximately 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family "
<propfemale> christmas everyone
"dont get me wrong, i love to play in the snow, but it wish it would stop snowing! my back is now thrown out and getting iced down  it is going to be a long day"
"heavenly father, i come to you as humble as i know how  i confess my sins, those known and unknown  lord you know i am not perfect and i fall short everyday of my life, but i want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy  thank you for my children, family, friends, roof over my head, food on my table, and everything i have     repost if god has blessed you in any way"
"i have escaped another winter storm at the office  i love having a mobile office and a home on 18 wheels  button down the hatches and snuggle up those of u in the midwest! i will ring in the new year at the motel in cartersville, ga  <propfemale>, where are you??????"
"<propfemale> smith- vanrycke\when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  i just defeated him! copy and re-post if you can  any takers??"
"it been a hectic day here at home today!!! coolant leak is fixed again on my hubby (lol)file cab emptied a bit, still dealing with my idiot sons stupidity (both of them) but i am getting better and that is all that matters! now i am off to the moose lodge to chair my once a year meeting  this is education month, yeah"
"how does the saying go????  hell hath no fury than a woman scorn  ask my boys how high i can raise a roof  lord, please <propmale> me the strength 2 shut my mouth a wee bit longer"
"omgosh, i am sorry, i love each and evvery one of my friends in my own way, i really do! but dont come visit me when i done said i am buried in paperwork then show up and order me to put everything away and spend some time with u  am i rude or just gettin er done?"
"ok hi ho i owe, time to reconcile all 3 checkbooks  the beer is just goint to have to wait for this little lady"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear  while you humiliate, offend, and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  while you hurt her, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while you make her cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you would like to bring awareness to domestic violence"
"what a what a what a day  i had more empty mile today than loaded which means i didn't spent money instead of making money  my new jukebox is installed as well as satelite radio  true grit (that is what i have named my hubby lol) is now ready to rock on down the road, literally!"
"it is a crying shame that my \friends\"" out here on the road always forget that my life has been very colorful and never boring! i now am told that apparently someone is sabotaging my truck and trailer because the alternator wire has broke for the 2nd time and something \""weird\"" is going on with my trailer  r these \""friends\"" ever going to quit? power has been turned off on phone 4 the nite """
my footsies are tired  i bet i walked 5 <propmale> today and never went forther than 6 ft away from my truck other than the one time to the bldg to use the restroom 
a truck was just stolen off the fuel island while the driver was inside paying for his fuel  i think about that everytime i leave my truck with my phone in it 
<propmale> light and grapes    im glad i know i am not pregnant because it is a weird combination  lmao
"i hope my shoulder quits hurting tomorrow! i know i am not supposed to think i am superman but my tool boxes have gained some weight so i have to swing them up to get them back in sidebox  dislocated? pulled out of place? dr  diercks   i am on my way in about a week, i know u can fix it! i love my chiro, he fixes everything"
"52 thoroughbred horses need homes  gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them  most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling, yearlings, 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded  free and papered  friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 barnesville, oh  please copy and paste this on your status!"
the ice just started pouring down from the heavens  i hope i can make it 2 <propmale> and up the hill at 5 am
"hhhmmmm  been raining all day in atlanta, locals dont know how to drive on the watermelon 500, snow later in the mtns in upper <propfemale>, belly full of shrimp (my favorite), need to slide in between the snow storm going across now and up thru midwest tomorrow before the other catches me in northern illinois  timing is of the essense!  come on atlanta    get the f    home!"
"eyes have done gone crossed eyed looking at this screen in the dark   i know, supposed to have lights on, long day tomorrow  sweet dreams everyone"
"i am glad that the men think this grease monkey is stupid!!!  sometimes i really do have fun playing dumb, but men are the ones whom are really stupid!  they just need our broad shoulders to put the blame on somewhere because they cant <propfemale> the load themselves"
"lord, please <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, the courage to change the things i can, the wisdom to know the difference, and the ability to spit the words out appropriately and my mouth shut when necessary    wish me luck in the office e playful laining to an airhead it costs $1 40 to start my engine to pick up her loads, i dont work for free anymore"
u floridians has best get ready!!!!!   i am gonna bring u a bbllllaasssttttt of arctic air for valentines day!!!!  maybe then u will quit whinning about it being so cccooolldd    hhee hheeeeee
"night night y'all, i am having a <propmale> rogers marathon tonight, gambler 1 s done time for the 2nd one"
i stop by the house to do a months worth of laundry to find my brother didnt fix my dryer but told mom he did and took my $80 for fixing it but yet there is not sign of dryer been pulled out so my mother ended up with laundry detail  then my peterbilt gets hit while sitting at the truck stop   at least the idiot ( a local boy) stuck around  now i have to drive around with banged up equipment
"may the lord ride with all the quality drivers running back to keyser to see our friend <propfemale> one last time  lord, be with those of us whom are unable to make it  comfort all <propfemale>'s family and friends as we say our good-bye's  god be with you <propfemale>  rest in peace, we will see each other again one day"
"i have curves, so i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled  so what, go ahead & label me see if i give a shit  repost this if your proud of who you are!!!"
"anyone know anything about longterm side effects from a subarachnoid hemorrage?  6 yrs later, now, i have pressure building up  the more i relax, the better i feel but how do i get those i have to deal with everday to stop bitching constantly which i do know is a trigger to my complications"
i hope everyone has a full tank of fuel before you go to bed tonight!!!!  i hear fuel is going up $ 20  gal at midnight tonight
"hi everyone, i have been busy working or tied up on phone arguing with progressive insuarance and their client  the estimate came back with $6100 damage to my truck plus a week off work because a man was toooo lazy to get out and look in the dark before he hit my truck and i am not to insist oreimbursement of lost income while truck is in body shop for a week?!!!  f>>>off progressive  time to close out 2010 books"
has anyone else heard that fb will be deleting u if u dont copy and paste a specific message to all ur freinds?
what is up with fv? crops are withering and i cant get in to harvest   guess it is back to watching the gorgeous <propfirst> <propmale>
breaking news: the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on and crashed into we all have problems before coming to a complete stop at get the hell over it  reporting live from quitchur bitchin'  if you like this   repost to your status
"conference call done  dad's filthy laundry done, bills pd except lites & mortgage (sorry mom)  downloading more software, shower, ld up truck, then head for sunshine state  darn paycheck wasnt big enough again  lol   i love my hubby!!!!!!"
<propmale> goes in 4 cosmetic surgery on the 21st so will be home all that week 
"been at home since noon friday, went to the bone cracker-no pain going in but have lots of pain now! i hope the pain is gain! lord help me if i allow my paperwork end of life gets this far out of hand again  start on taxes tomorrow beings i dont have wipers that work with rain in the forcast "
"uuggg, 2 boxes of <propmale> & chesse 1 pkg of ramen noodles, no coffee, i guess i better go grocery shopping b4 i get started on taxes  lol  the life i live lol  i wish the kids would come home for supper once in awhile so that i dont forget how to cook"
"time to take the \flintstone mobile\"" to get groceries b4 the rain moves in again  i have no wiper that works on driver side  lol  but i refuse to buy new vehicle cuz i dont want the payments and cant change the oil myself   a good man in my life would make sure those needs were updated u think?  fat <propmale>"""
ugg  i am glad i dont have to buy groceries tooo often! i dont understand the high prices though when the transportation workers bringing u the food are not getting the high dollar freight rates that the consumer is paying for 
"ugg  daddy wants me to have supper with him, rain rain go away at least until i get home   i wish i knew how to fix my wiper! i think it is time to go visit the lauer boys up home and see if one of my cousins can fix it for me   i shall return for the tax man  lol"
hubby comes home tomorrow from having reconstructive surgery behind his left eye  wooo hooo  i miss him dearly!  it is time for me to fly away again  uncle <propfirst> wont leave me alone  sad   old man winter darn well better go home 
hubby is tucked away here at home tonight awaiting on brother <propfirst> to show up early 2moro so we can finish fixing the chicken lights b4 run to chicago to pick up my load  then back home til after church on sunday  no hurry to go to fargo due to it warmer here  lol hmmm i need to get out this weekend  any ideas?
strawbery
hey gues what i did today  i blew a headgasket w ins  adj  @ progressive over my dwntime loss of income  literally! i got what i wanted  thank you mom for teaching me how to be a <propmale> bitch! i am my mother and fathers daughter i am i am   1500 more than what they were offering and i accused him of taking advntg of a single woman  lol
"for sale: 2 bdrm 12x60 trailer house sitting on leased land in the pleasant valley school district down the street from the country club  approx  90% remodeled by me  2 sheds  $2000 obo  563 940 9872   my mother or son will show it while i am on the road  8 jet whirlpool tub, lots of oak cupboards, hardwood floor in sm  bdrm, new windows  quiet neighborhood, up on the bluff"
snow snow go away!!!!!!!!  u better be gone when i wake up in the morning
"llllliiiiiiinnnnnnndddddaaaaa, oh <propfemale> <propfirst>  ur telephone is ringing  lol   oohh tooo much wine tonight  "
a very lazy glooooomy day in central pennsylvania bored out of my mind  absolutely no tv reception  hhmmmm i could raid my movie collection
how do u know if u r a true wine-o?  i pour urself a glass and it isnt suppertime yet  lol
wooo hooo i 4got what an afternoon wine drunk felt like  lmao  im glad that one is out of my system! time to go to work 2moro sometime
"i will be glad when i get my generator <propmale> on the side of this ol boy! dummy woman forgot to start the engine up last night to charge up the batteries   ooooppppps there went another $40 because stupid company drivers wont answer their door when a damsel in distress knocks  i know i dont look like a woman with no self-respect, i just needed a jump start  oh well fixed now "
"hmmm 2 5 days off in pennsylvania, then approx  3700 in 4 5 days   hhmmmmm  e playful edited freight is paying $3 mile, something is wrong here!!! i think someone is taking advantage of someone    consumers and truck drivers still pay the price in the end  wish the income was there to offset the costs!!!"
