0034ec66f6e054a284719e0c705d3f22
is rad 
im that man on the <propfemale>  im up up on the <propfemale>  and imma do what i do  so do you  hey heyyy
"sittin on the beach, drinking corona and lime  this is the life "
just played an <propmale> <propmale> signature course in fl    by far the hardest course i've ever stepped on 
gettin up at 6am and going deep sea fishing!
"just had the freakin time of my life    whoever invented the jet ski, you are a genius!"
hell yeaaa t-will #11 & e5 #14!!! louisville representin' 09 draft status!!
heading home     
just got back home from vacation  annoyed 
is gonna burn this city
"vehicular homicide, boy you kno that my car kills"
it was a friday    i was on the highway ridin' to that kanye
"vehicular homicide, boy you kno that my car kills"
"is past the present, and into the future "
"ahh, or your lack of aggression  pull your skirt down, yea  grow a set man "
"i'm not a businessman, i'm a business man "
now das vassup 
is    down & out
   i've been to hell and back so many times i must admit you kind of bore me
well i looked my demons in the eye  they barreled their chest said do you best 'n try to destroy me
crashed in tha atl for the night haha just got back from the pool    heading to florida tomorrow!!!!
having a blast in flahhdaaa!!!
spent all day on cocoa beach with the sun and sand and perfect weather    what a day!!
enjoyed florida while it lasted    headed to atl to stay away for a few more days
"bout to head out to dinner with t i , ludacris, and some of atl's finest rappers    what what?!?"
back in hen-co     
"has been to down and back, stayed in <propmale> for a week and atl for like 5 days    but im still wondering why gas in ky is the most e playful ensive i've seen"
i'm working on my faults and cracks  filling in the blanks and gaps 
got my new telly today    watch out 
finally got my schedule all straightened out  and its freakin' awesome  no class monday or friday 
it's my birthday biatchhh!!!!
"   we can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it "
   gotta get this freakin florida speeding ticket paid today then get ready to head back to eku this weekend 
   about to head up to richmond
"just spent way too much money for books, again "
   cause i'm good like that 
   have you ever been to heaven at nite?
"   the way she moves in slow-mo, yep my minds got tivo "
"   guess if i was simple in the mind everything would be fine  maybe if i was a jerk to girls, instead of being nice and speaking kind words  maybe it would be ok then, to say i wasn't a good guy to begin with  but my mind is all crazy crazy crazy crazyyyy"
   cudi album comin out in 2 days!!!!
"beyond from the heart, from the soul you can feel    cudi album out tomorrow"
"shhh  my foots sleepin on the gas    no brake pads, no such thing as last "
   labels are for soup cans 
   i'll stop the world and melt with you
ok     
   we'll never have to wonder if we missed out on each other
"   my laptop screen has been pretty much busted for about 2 months, i've been patiently waiting for thanksgiving break to send it in and get fixed  then, just my luck, today it quits charging  so im screwed after this battery runs out anyway       "
"i can't say goodbyeeee, to you    so i'll just say goodniiiight, to you "
man i can't wait to get my laptop back 
is gonna rock down to electric avenue
" i will let you go  but first, i want you to say \i    love    crepes \"""""
mmm jujyfruits
got my laptop back!!!
[ smile ]-<--<=
"you can change your clothes, change your hairstyle, your friends, cities, continents but sooner or later your own self will always catch up "
"   these streets will make you feel brand new, these lights will inspire youu"
   just upgraded to windows 7  &  mw2!!
"    4 tests this week, please shoot me now "
no ceilings 
4 thanksgivings?!?
\\m   joyful  \\m 
is pretty sure richmond would be completely under snow if it was 5 degrees colder    this weather suckssss
it has been said that something as small as the flutter of a butterfly's wing can ultimately cause a typhoon halfway around the world 
"alrite mr  strong, lets get some recruits in here and get this program back on track!"
"repetition is the father of learning  i repeat, repetition is the father of learning "
"everyone has their obsession  consuming thoughts, consuming time  they're our objects of affection, that can mesmerize the soul  there is always one addiction  that cannot be controlled  you are mine    "
is done with finals!!
"loves how there are already double the amount of fans of \r i p  <propfemale> murphy\"" than there were fans of \""<propfemale> murphy\""    ohh facebook """
"we can both get old fashioned, do it like they did in '43 "
has all the manswers!
yea im a cool cat but im on life 9
the beat hit hard    <propfirst> bouche
is francois dillinger
all moved in & ready to get the semester started    i guess 
hit em with the shotgun call that shit the stop button
"dc is supposed to get 20\-30\"" of snow?!? i cant even imagine"""
is a high roller
is praying for no classes in the morning
trying to think of weezy's top 10 all-time best songs    help me out
"trying to think of some \get <propmale> quick\"" schemes """
"my old man always swore that hell would have no flames, just a front row seat to watch your true love pack her things and drive away"
trying to figure out housing for next year    advisor meeting tomorrow to get classes for next semester
c'mon spring
    real talk    when do people born on leap year celebrate their birthday?
"is in a stinky situation, literally "
supa dupa
got my vans on but they look like sneakerz
   humility is far underrated in this world 
"was thinking about sleeping in and skipping my first class   decided not to    got there and it was cancelled  what the hell teach, let me know oh suhntin'! haha"
"has 3 tests this week, but it's ok because i'm a genius anyways "
has the craziest dreams ever    i swear mine could rival <propfemale> in wonderland
"putting all the clothes you washed away, as you're folding up the shirts you hesitate, then it goes fast, you think of the past    suddenly everything has changed"
   things are really starting to go my way 
[ [ s u n ! ! ! ] ]
"my proffessor is making me update my status as, \in class right now\""  haha"""
what am i doing? what am i doing? oh yea thats right   
has had a pretty bomb week
its been a big day    signed a lease for a house next year and dominated 2 tests
"at rites of spring bout to see cold war kids, phoenix, and drake!"
"words can only go so far, let your actions speak for themselves "
is francious dillinger 
happy mother's day!
happy 5th birthday youtube!
money is the motive 
knocked a little dust off my golf clubs today
prowling eminemce in the jag
"   lend me your eyes i can change what you see, but your soul you must keep totally free "
at churchill betting the ponies
thank me later
if only i was an unforgettable california girl   
loves these <propfirst> county summer nights 
just saw the creepiest guy with a huge pedophile beard pulling out of love stuff
happy one year <propfemale> ida-paige goodan !!
"i live for the nights that i can't remember, with the people that i won't forget  spendin all the money that i just worked my ass off for doin things that i won't regret"
is an average guy that does average things in an above average way 
"august    best month of the year, 20 years running "
   sharks have a week dedicated to me 
"ok people  less than a week away from my bday  so call me, txt me, facebook me, whatever   just get a hold of me so i can let you know what you have to get me for my bday"
i'd like to thank everyone for all of the birthday wishes! i appreciate it ad im so glad i have such legit friends! haha
"put off some on-line hw due tomorrow morning    of course our wi-fi goes out just as i hit submit  touche insight, touche "
everyday cant be the best day  do what you can right now dont hesitate  thats why were tryin to make love and get paid  take the bad with the good now lets play
the  town 
"what does facebook not understand about \i have a test tomorrow\""???"""
no longer has a working cell phone  annoyed  
insurance replaced my phone    but now i have no <propfirst>  so hit me up
got a new phone    i need your <propfirst>!
lovin' this new ipod touch!
i am not a human being 
i be up all night whole crew in here
i could pass out right now      but no  this paper is gonna keep me up all night  im soooo ready for fall break!
"enjoyed coming home this weekend to spend time with the fam    got to see lots of hc peeps last night at the homecoming game, and to top it all off went to the uofl game to see a shutout! c-a-r-d-s!!"
thanks for the late night haircut <propmale> <propfirst> hinkel & <propmale> <propfirst>  wink 
    can't wait till tomorrow is over and get both of these speeches out of the way!
12s in the trunk hit like a <propmale> truck
"if there is such thing as a perfect song, it would have to be beethoven's moonlight sonata "
plan on heading home after class and sleeping all afternoon so i can stay up all night playing black ops!
way to break in the yum! center tonight cards!!!
i no longer have a cell phone   
it's about time to get a car with a working gas gauge 
anybody have an at&t phone they wanna sell me?  smile 
it feels like the weekend already
"gonna be waiting in pep boys for the next couple hours so if anyone wants to come rescue me, feel free  smile )"
"\hope springs eternal in the male gonad\"""""
snowmageddon 2011
"winter weather advisory today for: snowling green, ky"
