b1515c484895d7fb398ea97a1e5e07ae
yay! 2011 finally! happy new year!
happy new years! hope you all have a great start to 2011    basically i hope we make out
my shaving cream that i bought back in 2005 is finally empty  d: it lasted me so long!
i just connected my facebook to my stickam com account!  come view my live stream at http annoyed  stickam com johnmora32795
skool is for rabbits  sleepy  night 
is the hwk for hearn in alg  ii  <propfemale> 20?
tee <propfemale> like me and a flea in a sea of tea
"someday i'll wish upon a <propfemale>, wake up where the clouds are far behind me  where trouble melts like lemon drops  high above the chimney top that's where you'll find me oh, somewhere over the rainbow way up high"
going to go donate blood at red cross
i kno who gossip girl is    and she's orgasmic  playful 
hate when red cross e-mails me to donate blood after i have already and can't anymore till a month 
peta undercover investigation forces animal testing lab in north <propfemale> to shut down  ^ ^
helping cousin move in to dorms @ cal state la
"i made new friends  their names are <propmale> and <propfemale>, their pieces of grass "
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile smile  then put this as ur status and see how many people you have made smile"""
rop is boring  i have migraine 
happy hug a vegetarian day! ^ ^
just got free tickets to see legend of the guardians in 3d
good thing legend of the guardians tickets were free because it sucked 
someone got shot twice at parking lot  4 cops here 
"gunna go kill this cat right now for harming my poor lil baby lucky  (yes, i kno  so vegan like of me  oh wells )"
it's so cold outside!  surprise 
i drives ^ ^
at a peta protest for mccruelty 
long protest  i'm tired 
how does <propfemale> whitman improve the schools? o o isnt she taking even more money away from the schools? o o we dont even have paper in school     
drinking butterbeer! it's really sugary o o
"i'm not calling you a liar, just don't lie to me  i'm not calling you a thief, just don't steal from  i'm not calling you a ghost, just stop haunting me  i love you so much, i'm gonna let you kill me "
at knotts scary farm 
"<propfemale>, 3 pages of book done so far "
who won at the powderpuff game?
"she'll live you dry, sore on the floor, salt in your eyes and a wound in your soul "
"between two lungs it was released, the breath that passed from you to me, that flew between us as we slept, that slipped from your mouth into mine  it crept between two lungs "
bitch stop liking my shit! xoxo gossip girl haha
"there's a drumming noise inside my head and starts when you're around  i swear that you can hear it, it makes an exceptional mighty sound  louder than sirens, louder than bells, sweeter than heaven and hotter than hell "
"i run to the river and dive straight in  i pray that the water will drown out the din, but as the water fills my mouth it couldn't wash the echoes out i swallow the sound and it swallows me whole until there's nothing left inside my soul as empty as that beating drum"
for the research notes does she want us to highlight the article and put the work cited <propfemale>? or like does she want us to write the notes and stuff? and then do works cited <propfemale>?
"this will be, you and me, yes-sir-ee, eternally\hugging and squeezing and kissing and pleasing\together, forever, through rain or whatever\so long as i'm living, true love i'll be living\to you i'll be serving cuz you're so deserving\this will be, an everlasting love "
going to go donate platelets today 
google maps is so fucking stupid! made me waste 44$ when i could gave spent 14$ instead! ugh!
"halloween is weird to describe, we dress up in costumes and wear masks then go to strangers doors and threaten them, in return they give us <propfemale> "
"good day at pre school  helped 5 lil dudes make a sand cake then \drove\"" to the store and <propmale> e cheese   playful """
"just finished watching the final saw movie  i got my \i saw it first 3d glasses 10 28 10\""  the ending was decent  movie being released officially tomorrow """
"\wtf are you lip syncing? are you even lip syncing the same song?!\"" haha i suck at lip syncing """
"the fabric of your flesh, pure as a wedding dress  until i wrap myself inside your arms i cannot rest the saints can't help me now the ropes have been unbound  i hunt for you with bloodied feet across the hollow'ed ground  if you could only see the beast you've made of me "
"i love you so much, i'm going to let you kill me "
prop 19 lost    
"run fast for your mother, run fast for your father, run for your children and your sisters and brothers  leave all your love and your longing behind  you can't <propfemale> it with you if you want to survive "
my works cited <propfemale> is 3 <propfemale>s long o o
random strangers should stop adding me  and ppl should stop spying on my account and try to get other ppl to add me so they can spy on my account  it's to cute  in a creepy way 
worst migraine ever  makes me feel like dying  annoyed 
my dwarf rabbit is a fatty she ate all the lettuce and carrot and pellets  total fatty  but she pregorz 
going to the <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 midnight premiere tonight ^ ^
in imax theater waiting for movie to begin  1hr & 30more mins
<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 ended with such a huge climax  it was amazing 
"a kid at the pre school asked me if his mom was going to be okay all sad  apparently she's in the hospital with cancer  i told him\yes and played with him to cheer him up  i'm thankful that my loved ones are healthy "
haha macbeth witch scene in a club  witches trying to flirt with banquo = hilarious  playful 
playing call of duty black ops for the first time  i suck at it haha 
what color should i dye my hair next?  annoyed 
guess who has bieber fever?!  laugh  haha
"it's a passion, and emotion, it's a fashion, burlesque  playful "
coming back from yosemite  somewhere near bakersfield  '
is the psychology ch  9 study guide just one sided with 31 questions? or did i just get unlucky? o o
sometimes i eat family-sized portions of things and feel disgusted in myself  then i get impressed  then i get turned on 
whats the last step for the project in hearns for alg 2?
"\i got home today and had 7 notifications on facebook  felt like a fucking rockstar\"""""
almost done filming macbeth just need lady macbeth scenes  playful  the 3 witches sing a lot during the movie 
ugh! getting distracted from hwk  annoyed 
hanging hair color 
toners are crap  time to bleach and dye 
going to donate platelets tdy 
my arms are sore from the platlet and plasma donation  they stuck a huge needle in both arms and drained me for 2 hours straight 
weird  somebody tried to hack me 
"\resting\"" my hair for now  dying it on sunday  ^ ^ it looks weird though """
why is lady gaga a freak? and not the good kind of a freak  the kind that needs medical attention 
the one of the chicks that egg our house like every week and wish that we die got cancer  funny how things work  karmas a bitch 
dying my hair a color i haven't had for a very long time 
my hair smells nice  looks weird to me though  way different color  playful 
<propmale> potters every flavor beans r disgusting! i got onion  annoyed 
pretzel is a freak  (my <propfemale>) shes just running around hoping and digging on the floor and running back and forth and sticking her tongue out 
the greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance; its the illusion of knowledge 
research paper and lots of hwk to catch up on  annoyed 
one more <propfemale> and ill b done with the research paper! ^ ^
orajel works wonders on my wisdom teeth  smile 
writing conclusion for paper 
pain is pain  no matter how you look at it  to say that animals can't feel because they are less intelligent than us is an ignorant and stupid comment
how wonderful life is now that you're in the world
done with my xmas shopping ^ ^
i rlly wanted to buy this death cab for cutie shirt at hot topic cuz it looked rlly nice but i spent all money on buying ppls xmas gifts  sad 
"why can't we speak another language, one we all agree on? why and when men look outside, do they see houses, instead of the fields they grew from?"
went to a psychic w  <propfemale>  she didn't want to charge her cuz she felt she had financial problems but she did want to charge her 250$ for a cleansing  laugh 
i think i'm going to donate some platelets and plasma for xmas
my iphone got wet and it doesnt work so yeah     i wont be answering calls or texts  just msg me 
got 10 notifications today on fb  feel like a fucking rockstar 
so my demi permanent hair color finally faded  it is now officially a dark red instead of dark brown 
rum is nasty  i vomited 
<propfemale> christmas! ^ ^
anyone looking for a pitbull? this chick has one who is special needs  he's completely blind and just needs someone to love him  she can no longer take care of him due to her new apartment not allowing it  if no one rescues him he will be put to sleep due to his disability 
paramore broke up o o so intriguing
need to finish two more macbeth scenes   playful 
"so anyways, macbeth movie for english final is like 15 minutes long  need to shorten it down "
yay! i might get pitbull tdy  love 
<propfirst> is so cute!!! (my new pitbull  love 33)
o o the pitbull has really nasty farts o o
i cant resist my dogs cute lil eyes when he begs for food  annoyed 
i dont think <propfirst> knows how big and heavy he is o o he like squished me to death almost haha
i got invited to the same event not once but 5 times o o
"somebody used my credit card and made stupid purchases  annoyed \"",2010-12-30 01:50 smile 0""",b1515c484895d7fb398ea97a1e5e07ae,i wanna play hide and seek  annoyed 
i won at monopoly! ^ ^ had hotels like on all propertys and like 7k$ haha so proud of myself  playful 
"autumn came fast; dressed in slow-motion  picture perfect  death-row colored world; and the people are singing in the rain waving umbrella's, all the people are dancers in the show; and the crowd is a wicked alibi to stay together  the crowd is a mob set out to kill  they stay together  against the ones who slip, they close their eyes and grin "
time to edit macbeth down and add background music and fx then finalize 
yayness! old friend coming in 10 days ^ ^
the waitress from dennys was a total bitch  she got a <propfemale> as a tip  laugh  and tron wasnt that bad as i thought it would be  it was enjoyable 
think i might be goin to downtown la tdy 
black swan was crazy and fucked up  which in other words means it was amazing ^ ^
gunna get me a macbook pro 17 inch ^ ^
looks like my hair absorbed the demi permanent hair dye a bit too well     its dark red now  it should of faded alredy back to dirty blonde    
i like how <propfemale> roberts played a character that was pretending to be <propfemale> roberts  laugh 
"you said i was your everything  you said i was the one  you played me like a radio  you used to love that i had no shame  put my pain into words  hold my hand to the flame  hold your eyes up to my veins  call out, call out my name"
lady gaga's new single and album is awful  it's the same lyrics being repeated over and over  each line gets repeated like 8 times  she needs to start considering suicide very soon 
blah  editing takes to long for macbeth  just going to do a 5min trailer instead  haha
time to start fresh     
getting my iphone 4 soon    
leaving to get my iphone 4  yayness! ^ ^
yay! i love the iphone 4! ^ ^
i just realized i'm going to have to memorize my new number  annoyed 
vampire weekend is playing while im on hold w  apple  wink 
ugh! i've been on apple tech support hold for like an hour!
"so got an iphone 4 today which made me happy because my last phone had broke  unfortunately for me this phone burned up, now i need to wait 2-3 weeks to get my new phone in the mail  ugh!"
i love clitorus
i can webcam on yahoo messenger through my iphone facetime camera ^ ^ how cool!
<propfirst> is depressed 
<propfirst> is shedding abnormally a lot  i think somethings wrong w  him d;
so yeah i just watched a movie about a talking zebra running horse races     you could prolly guess how good that movie was       
"i opened my mouth to scream and shout and i waved my arms and flapped around but i couldn't scream and i couldn't shout  i couldn't scream, i couldn't shout   annoyed "
"i think my aunt has the worst car\me: there's a weird noise on this side\aunt: it's prolly what's in the trunk or maybe cuz the window glass is loose\\aunt: go wait in the car  you can take it for a spin if you want just don't turn on the radio\me: y not the radio?\aunt: cuz it ain't got radio"
who are we to be emotional? who are we to play with hearts     and throw away it all? who are we to turn each others heads? who are we to find ourselves in other people's beds? who are you to make me feel so good? who are we to tell ourselves that we're misunderstood? who am i to say i'm always yours? who am i to choose the person that everyone adores?
"bought plane ticket and hotel reservations to rome, italy for april ^ ^"
"this made my day \holy guacamole! you can put video as your status on here?! this is some bomb shit! ima go look for <propfirst> hiltons sex tape! girl is such an inspiration! ? haha\"" - n """
<propfemale> got suspended off stickam again     o o
does anybody understand ms naylors hwk? im completely clueless o o
"life includes pain, gettin old, disease, & death  we endure psychological suffering, loneliness frustration, fear, embarrassment, disappointment & anger  this is an irrefutable fact that cant be denied  it is realistic not pessimistic cuz pessimism is e playful ectin things to be bad  avoid unhappiness by not craving, wanting, & dwelling in the past doin this will result in a life completely free and filled with happiness "
i'm going to try out a new life style  smile 
goodnight  i feel so much better getting everything out in the open  ^ ^
my hair turned orange!  annoyed 
stupid demi permanent dye turned my hair orange  now i need to fix it   annoyed 
"<propfirst> made a mess everywhere and im like screaming at him and he's like giving the \uhh are you going to clean that up or somethin?\"" and when im cleaning it up he's laying down watching me smiling  lazy dog lol"""
my contacts got added to my phone but their names got deleted  wth? that doesn't even make sense 
they keep calling my new number for some guy named <propmale> 0 0
going to get my hair cut  hopefully they dont mess up 
i told the lady to cut half an inch and she ends up cutting like 2inchs  and charging like 100$ 0 0
my new number is 626 377 7298 so don't get pissed if you text my old number and you get no reply haha
finished all my psychology flashcards ^ ^
whats the psychology hwk? o o
i dont own my clothes but i own my mind 
all i ever needed was a little bit of love  left on the floor sore on the floor and salt in my eyes and a wound in my soul 
"i wish people would stop calling my number and leaving me voicemails for a guy named \javier\"" it's annoying """
i lost the answer key to the game i just created  annoyed  now im confused! lol
why do teen moms get rewarded with their on tv show?
i get butterflys in my stomach whenever i hear the text message alert because i know who it's from  love 
"sometimes i feel like saying lord just whats the use? i just dont care  time after time i just think it just no good  because sooner or later in life the things you love, you loose  but youve got the love i need to see me through "
presenting macbeth movie tomorrow  finally finished editing it down  original is about 20 minutes long  cut down version is about 12 minutes which is the version im presenting  playful 
the editing process made the macbeth movie go into really bad quality  filmed in 1080p but it looks like its less than 480p now  it looks really nasty  but im to lazy to fix it   laugh 
<propmale> is an idiot 
love is watching someone die 
omg! little big planet 2 was so short! beat it in like 5 hrs!
myy dog dreams more than i do  lucky ass!
"listen, listen, could be an addicition  missing every moment like a physical condition  it brings you down and isnt it profound  stop and take a second and look around this town  things are changing all the time  keep in mind when youre feeling kicked down  the doubt, the trouble and the drought  you take it in before it takes you out "
i cant believe they showed a 16 year old girls vagina on the show skins o o
i want to take you far from the cynics in this town and kiss you on the mouth  we'll cut our bodies free from the tethers of this scene  start a brand new colony where everything will change  we'll give ourselves new names  the sun will heat the ground under our bare feet  in this brand new colony 
need to go pick up the bro in like 4 hours  not gunna be getting any sleep tonight 
i hope theres not a lot of traffic @ lax  annoyed 
leaving to lax to pick up bro  ugh aint gettin any sleep tonight  hope theres no traffic 
"how come everyone says <propfemale> is terrible but she can drop a single without any promotion and have it go #1 in 17 different countries & a rumor with an appearance by her causes websites like twitter to shut down and non <propfemale> fans to purposely buy other artist music to try and keep her from slaying  bieber and gaga only been famous for a few years, <propfemale> has had fame for over a decade "
"<propfirst> is a poke addict and <propfirst> is a \like\"" addict  i suggest rehab  smile """
and even when it's eating me alive your power ties my spirit up inside there's nothing i can do to make it right i'll follow you forever thru the night  i'm part of you for the rest of my life the spell upon my heart won't let me lie  i'll be here now until the day we die  the voodoo is the one who will decide 
working at pac sun tomorrow 
i do not look like the t-mobile guy!
chill day at pac sun today  wasn't much work to do    
what's the hwk for psychology?
got to work register today at pacsun ^ ^ almost gave someone a 100$  playful 
an atom to atom  can you feel it on me love? a pattern to pattern  can you see it on me love? atom to atom  what's the matter with me love? it started from your arms and it's a catalytic  you're a chemical that burns there's nothing like this  it's the purest element and it's so volatile  an equation higher power sent and you'll forever inject 
erase all memory of existence 
blah  i hate the flu  first time in 5 years     
what chapter of psychology are we on?
love is watching someone die 
so i guess she died    blah  such a lovely week 
how can someone be so cruel?
"and her last message was \i'm glad  smile \""  if only she knew """
you shattered my heart  i tried to pick the pieces up but they cut me even further 
i feel numb  i want to wake up  i can shout for help but no one will ever hear me 
got <propfemale> + the machine concert tickets @ the greek theater  gunna be orgasmic  ^ ^
its not fair  i can never be right 
"if you could only see, the beast youve made of me  i've held it in the night but it seems you set it running free  drag my teeth across your chest and taste your beating heart  the fabric of your flesh feels like a wedding dress  ill hunt for you with bloody feet across the hollow ground "
so for birthday going to go to morongo casino to gamble all night haha then the next day go to the night clubs in hollywood just so i get the full e playful erience of being 18  laugh 
so got warrant for <propfirst> out  we need vaccination info which in order to get we need to kno original dr  which i don't  if we decide to re vaccinate we can over vaccinate and give him cancer  if we don't get info he gets put to sleep  ugh 
so lady gaga is half naked for her entire music video of born this way  touching her vagina for half of it and showing her ass the other half and she still says she doesnt like to sexualize her music? how hypocritical  the video would of been much more enjoyable if she wasnt so ugly looking  she looks like a deformed man 
"when you realize all you have is gone, what do you have to live for?"
it sucks when you get an eye infection and you do not have your glasses because they had to get shipped off to get the new prescription in them and you can not wear contacts due to the eye infection and you can't go to school or watch tv because you must be 1inch close to see anything at all 
i just wanted to go buy dye to dye my hair but instead i ended up having to go to rowland heights and cal state la  still stick in traffic  i'd rather of just walked 
"if a plane crashed into my room i wouldn't even flinch, i couldnt try to move  my mind is on you  you've got me caught in a place  panic for a minute  got my brain in a daze  i wish you weren't in it  there are so many ways to lose your attention  you can break everything but so what? i can take anything "
"will anyone b interested in buying a \stop abusing the pitbull\"" and \""stop cruelty against animals\"" t-shirt  i think it's 10$ and the money goes directly to american society for prevention of cruelty to animals   smile """
"for every shirt bought i will be donating $20, so the total donation of your purchase will equal $32  enough to give one animal a safe place to be and shelter as well as finding it a loving home  smile "
haha teaching how flip your hair and casually touch someone to flirt  laugh 
that's so mexican who can hop the border but have the intelligence of a squirrel  insulting? so is that's so gay  www thinkb4youspeak com
next friday my 18th birthday  going to go to morongo casino and resort and the nightclub and spa and pool and buffet and gamble haha
our neighbor who was also my babysitter when i was little and always said hi to me each day and was nice and made us food just died 2 hours ago of cancer  not sure how to feel 
1 spot left in car  anyone wanna go to morongo casino this friday  must have california id  message me  smile 
i have no problem wearing crocodile or alligator skin  they completely give me panic attacks and stuff 
15min till i'm legally an adult 
so i check my phone to find many notifications from fb of happy bdays and a notification of 500$ being deposited into my bank  great day so far 
takes forever to get to morongo
just got back from morongo casino  today was awesome   laugh  i'm such an addict lol and hollywood was fun  i wish i would of gotten carded though apparently i look old 
