c59cf0ab5c022e2c69fd60f6b224775d
hello to the louis-charles
"check out the game \color my world\"" by silver stitch it's cool"""
<propmale> gump: best movie ever
the one whose judgement counts the most is the one staring back in the glass 
been walking in the rain for 30 <propfemale>  it's not fun
"a best friend is like a four-leaf clover, hard to find and lucky to have"
"i will count my life by smiles, not tears  i will count my age by friends, not years  i won't be with someone i can't live with, i will be with someone i can't live without "
is there a way to get credits without having to payor join so group?
"\everybody hates chris\"""""
"hello, welcome to mental health hotline  if you are obsessive compulsive, press 1 repeatedly  if you are co-dependent, please ask someone to press 2 for you  if you have multiple personalities, press 3,4,5, and 6  if you are paranoid, we know who you are and what you want  stay on the line so we can trace your call  if you are delusional, press 7, your call will be transfered to the mothership "
"if you are schizophrenic, listen carefully, and a small voice will tell you which number to press  if you are manic depressive, it doesn't matter which number you press  no one will answer anyway  if you are dyslexic, press 96969696969696  if you have a nervous disorder, please fidget with the pound number until a representative comes on the line "
"if you have amnesia, press 8 and state your name, adress, phone #, date of birth, social security # and your mother's and grandmother's maiden names  if you have post-traumatic stress disorder, slowly and carefully press 911  if you have bi-polar disorder, please leave a message after the beep "
"or before the beep  or after the beep  please wait for the beep  if you have short-term memory loss, please try your call again later  if you have low-self esteem, please <propfemale> up  all our representatives are busy  by the way, that was a joke "
so hot in hear
i've really missed the carnivals in haiti  i hope they can start them again next year 
i failed to win a boltz award  i guess the <propfemale> point of view wasn't good enough 
july 11  winner cote d'ivoire
very disappointed with <propfemale> 
oh my gosh! what is up with <propfemale>!!!!!
<propfirst> feels satisfied 
the black stars
i wonder who's rooting for cote d' ivoire tomorrow 
i wonder how the brazilian community would react to a loss against north korea?
"switzerland?    come on, that's unacceptable"
"stupid artest, stupid kobe, stupid fisher and stupid gausol"
usa! usa! usa!
i just don't want brazil to win 
i wonder if brazil losing is an omen for what's to come for the other south american teams 
"africa, the most unlucky continent"
who doesn't love spain?
je commence à me souviendre de mon français 
i'm tired of not winning  we are better than that 
hey anyone in algebra 2  do you remember how to include the symbols like root square on microsoft word?
sour patch kids + 2 clif bars + chocolate chip bar + raisins + arizona + jones = great breakfast
thank you! those birthday wishes meant a lot to me  i will not forget you guys  have a wonderful night!
happy thanksgiving
i just started working on my outline  wish me luck whomever reads this 
sweet smells 
souvent je pense a vous madame 
"seducers, they come in deuces "
doing carts in the blizzard for 3 smile 0 hours sure is not fun 
in your eyes
konsa konsa konsa 
"suavemente, besame\que quiero sentir tus labios\besame otra vez"
i don't wanna wait in vain 4 ur love 
i hate liverpool
i've been duped and robbed by the state  i can't believe i allowed that  i hate myself for that  next time will be different 
