cad23a13806a9a7af2964ea7f984f32d
is sooooo ready to go home!!!!
shouldn't be on the computer right now  ha!
just found out her landlord won the amazing race     wtf
"is going to rename her dog \jenny from the block\"""""
"\the only way to comprehend what mathematicians mean by infinity is to contemplate  the extent of human stupidity \"" - voltaire"""
"yes! hurricane season is finally here! i can't wait to stay in from work and have a hurricane party    it kiiiinda sucks living so close to the water, but what the hell, i'm on the second floor    "
the dinosaurs deserved it 
"i'm not sure why, but when people misspell words, like super simple words, it drives me crazy! for example: definatley, fallow, tamarrow, certifectes?! and then when you tell them how to spell it right,  they get all mad and stuff    what gives?!"
anybody else wanna go on a road trip to co oct 8-14?
"man, i think i'm over facebook "
just got a badass walking staff 
like clockwork
f this 
note to self: don't scratch your butt after handling jalapenos  yowza!
i want to disappear
almost got beat up by a black-supremacist white guy    who tried to rape me and my sister     luckily we were faster     
what the f*** happened to summer?  annoyed  it's like 50 degrees outside   
"if one more person tells me to \be safe\"" i will throw myself off a <propmale> """
"great yoga sesh, beautiful post-rain morning, perfect for a nice hike in dutton island "
"2 new poles and a $100 gift card to bass pro shop    how could this day get better? oh yeah, my cat, <propmale> has just reappeared after beig missing for a week!!! go <propmale> bombay!!!!"
it's official  2 weeks notice is in    smile 
rah rah rah ah ah <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> gaga oooh la la??
"old friends are awesome! like 'old' as in knowing each other for a long time, not like retired, 'social security  benefits' friends "
evening longboard ride       smile 
"to everyone trying to instant message me: i spilt water on my keyboard - certain keys don't work  i have to literally copy and paste certain letters  it's a <propmale> pita  it's nothing personal that i won't respond, so please don't get butt-hurt, or do - whatever!"
"well, i can officially say that i have given a cat the heimlich maneuver "
4 mile skate for <propfemale>'s mango gelati topped with frozen custard      soooo worth it!  smile 
rock on blackhawks! heeeeck yes
the girl with kaleidoscope eyes
adventure time!  smile 
disc golf then catch up on some woooork  but good work   smile 
"disc golf, check! blackhawks game tonight, check check! camping tomorrow at suwannee complete with festival and another disc golf course, check check check check checkkkk!!!"
idiocracy has got to be the funniest movie ever lol
camping in the south on memorial day weekend    never seen so many dumb sh*ts in my life!
soooo anyone notice all the dead crabs washing up lately? yep  from the oil leakage   sad 
livin outside on the weekends 
fuggin wooork   
shuuuut the front door!
<propfirst> smith- i larvae you!
blackhawks- i had your faith!
white russians are fuggin' delicious!
"just about to buy some screeching weasel tickets, but it sold out 23 minutes ago! arrgghh!!!"
swimsuit time!
i love my family and friends!
whiskey is not meant for me     hopefully a little mother ocean will help me out 
">insert vague facebook status here<\vv insert desperately sought-after re-assuring comments here vv"
couldn't be happier   
rip yusuf! you were the best leopard gecko i ever had!  sad 
it's got electrolytes!!!!
somebody bring me a pizza  please 
i am totally getting a tokay gecko!
i think i drained the entire beaches alcohol supply last night 
unable to move!
i never thought of running  my feet just led the way 
headin' out for my daily adventure!
sake it to me!
likes this 
stupid car! stupid battery! stupid everything!
dear sun: you better be shining this afternoon! or else!
"is about to nip it in the bud \    or however that saying goes "
goin' beachin 
"i wondered why my house was shaking, and upon further investigation, i found my downstairs neighbor's cat ramming itself over and over into their sliding glass door "
too many things to 'like'  what if i run out of things to like? what would happen!?!?
come on friday
 love 's <propfirst> smith
the whole 'white shirt with jeans on the beach' photo look is so cliche  khaki's aren't any better either - i'm getting married in like a superman costume   
"attn: rt buds!  where did you get your ce credits, how much did it cost, and how long did it take you to finish?  i'm slacking    haha"
screw you bills! you pieces of sh*t!
likes the tropical depression   love 
50 50 pistachio ice cream and blueberry ice cream mixed with marshmallows = win 
so excited for the full week of rain coming up!!!
disc golf in silver springs - woot woot
bears in fl do exist!!!!!!!
colorado this weekend!!!!!
wooooooo!!!!!!!
shooting bully cats with slingshots is fun
oh mygod i love everything right now  not joking either 
my other car is a vulva 
"if anybody is bored, come up to <propfemale>'s in atlantic beach- <propfirst>'s bartending here now!"
midnite skate anyone?
"laundromat, pad thai, and wine! so classy!"
just caught a <propfemale> gecko in my bathroom! woo hoo!! his name is <propmale>!
"watchin the <propmale> zombie halloween flick, i'm scared!"
i am thankful for being so immature 
sure happy it's thursday
anybody wanna go to the springs this weekend? i have a giant innertube!
goin' shrimpin 
"planting grapes, passion flowers, strawberries, raspberries, and peppers   smile "
i love lunchbreaks!
kinda weird how you have to pay your cable <propmale> before they turn it back on 
dragonfly swarm going on outside right now 
enter search term: radiologic technologist jobs in washington state
people who work at hooters are officially lame  get over yourself  you're ugly and boring 
<propfirst>'s giant subs!
your earlobes line up with your nipples!
is 3 inches of rain in 7 minutes a lot?
i feel like widespread panic has been playing on my back porch for three days  ugh
i wish all the dumb people would strengthen our <propfirst> pool by removing themselves from it 
i'm camping in my backyard tonight!
sick of it all  i'm running away 
i am the garden master!!
"it's so nice out, just wanna leave work and lay on the beach!"
"i need to provide a little shade for a garden without having to buy a tree, any suggestions? beach umbrella?"
"relaxing tonight, planning on a wild adventure tomorrow "
get to da choppa
this must be thursday  i never could get the <propfemale> of thursdays
cracker barrel effing rules!
crab cakes and eggs <propmale> ftw!!  love   ginnie springs today?
i  love  my garden!
i just saw a water spout!
"busy weekend coming up  wanted to go outta town, but i think i'll have more fun going to my nephew's first soccer game instead, along with 3 birthday parties on the beach  god, everybody's birthday is this month, people must have a lot of sex in december!"
i  love  fl
monday funday 
aye yie yie   
up and at 'em    friday is finally freaking here  i think i'm gonna hit a 2 miler run to get started   smile 
"just catchin' some end of sumer sun  love  \ \ \ \or clouds for that matter, since it's cloudy  dangit "
doooesss anybody have any fishing equipment i can borrow for the day?  possibly a cast-net with poles? maybe a long bow perhaps for a nice little dinner tonight?  just throwin' it out there      please   xoxoxo  love   i love you 
feels good to break things 
 love  rain       sweepy time       smile 
quick round of disc golf at <propfemale> park       love 
gander mountain is giving away $250 00 gift cards to the first 1000 callers i just got this info from a guy in the fl game commission  it's good all over give it a shot  call 1-800-429-5483  good luck i got mine  gonna use it for my new kayak!
"skate, beach, sun, drive, food, beer, \ \ \monosyllabic day    smile "
widespread panic  now 
"legs sore, feet bleeding - from skating 5 <propmale>, dancing for 5 hours, or the 2 mile walk barefoot with somebody on my shoulders - i dunno   annoyed "
is not watching football 
outside!!!
"wow  the jaguars aren't sucking today, weird "
broken phone    again  please text me with your number! 904 540 5466
"dear harassing <propmale> collectors: if your job didn't exist, then your company's services would be cheaper and therefore more affordable and i wouldn't have any issues with being late on payments  so think about that before you start being an asshole "
"i am very thankful for the roof over my head, the food in my belly, and my good health  because there is 7 million americans out there who are unable to say the same   "
"i guess i can pick some mint from the garden and make some mojitos or something  kinda bored  where did this pre-made mix come from anyway? i just found it in my fridge, wtf?"
"swamp hike today!  you gotta enjoy the little things, because big things don't come around too often    smile "
"when one neighbor starts shooting fireworks, many will follow "
    umm does anybody know how to get the pink out of clothes if you wash them with something red?   annoyed 
mango marinated grilled mahi sandwich   i'm drooling   
"i have no idea what i'm doing, but nobody else knows this - shhh!!!"
anybody goin' to see the flaming lips tomorrow?
about to call in a bomb threat to work so i can get outta here!!!
"    looks like it's that time of ear for growing gourmet mushrooms - if anybody has any access to sawdust and or wood chips (preferably hardwood), it would be much appreciated!!!"
i thought i told goldschlager to stay out of my life    annoyed 
i hate doing things that i don't wanna do   sad 
a kangaroo has 3 vaginas 
"ok, so if you ever need someone to take a picture of you and one of the rarest insects in the world within a matter of 5 minutes     don't ask <propfirst> smith "
"hey everyone      \international capslock day\"" is today    oct 22    google it!!"""
i better have so much f*cking fun this weekend!!!!!!!!
nothin' like an episode of hoarders for some pre-cleaning inspiration 
"rt buds!  :  i am on the lookout for ceu credits, again  any recommendations, please give    love  you all!!!!"
very cold right now  very cold 
confusion!
i  love  my garden!
"antarctica- where it is dark 24 7 in the winter, celebrates daylight savings time  trains aren't allowed to arrive at the stations ahead of schedule, literally stop wherever they are and wait an hour before resuming  and twins born around the switch ( say 1:55am and (2 surprise 6am) will have reversed order of birth  because of the switch- the second twin will have a recorded birth time of 1 surprise 6am  ha!!"
happy radiologic technologist week!
planting some pretty awesome veggies!
beeyah
i've already stepped in dog crap twice today!
"a one-legged, 7 foot tall guy just fainted and fell on top of me! gross!!!!"
watching twilight movies     ahahhhahahaha i'm so f*cking lame!!!!!
wondering why at&t uverse has a telephone number for closed captioning support?
"yard sale tomorrow- atlantic beach!!  come one, come all!! appliances, aquariums, beach cruisers, furniture, and more!!"
yard sale today! stop on by! bring stuff! bring beer! woo!!
"damn drunk hippies comin over to play my djembe, breakin' anything that gets in their way - argh!"
"miserable people sure are funny  so desperate, haha!!"
goin to test out the new boomerangs!  smile 
"stay away from me, monday!!!!!!"
"i think one of my heroes has got to be that guy with the black suv fishing at the bottom of the vilano bridge every night  oh, and those fat ladies who got caught stealing from tj maxx by hiding clothes in their fat rolls!"
wtf why is it so cold?!?
"hi, i'm a boy and i'm f*cking stupid!"
"next weekend: disney world, birthday, chicago?!"
how are the cartoon avatars fighting child abuse? just curious 
the pineapple plants won't survive the weather!!!!
i'll play the number game- message me a number between 1-1000 and i'll tell you what i think about you 
i like living in florida and complaining about the cold weather 
attempting to learn the bass guitar   
disney world or bust! 78 degrees and rainy!
"universal all over again today  lovin my annual pass, thanks dad!"
"freezing here in florida, can't wait to hit the road for chicago- where it's always <propfemale> and warm   smile "
13 degrees and beautiful here in chicago!  on the way here i have seen 7 meteorites and 2 flaming semi trucks -it's like the apocalypse  awesome!!!!
some good food here in chi-town!
"ya know what really grinds my gears? people who think, act, and speak like they are way more intelligent than everybody else, but have absolutely no ambition to better themselves   "
"last night in chicago, sooo ready to feel the warm florida sunshine on my back again!!!!"
"i had a blast up north, thank you everybody!! but i am verrrry relieved to be done with that 17 hour car ride!!! hello, florida- you don't seem as cold as before   "
rt buds: i need advice on ce credits!!!!  do technical credits work for both state and national level? i found a workbook worth 46 florida technical credits but i am unsure if that is enough? how many credits do we need? 24? i know it's last minute but i am a huge procrastinator and will someday learn to quit putting things off     i'll work on that later  thank you!!!!!!
"to an astronaut standing on the <propfemale> during the total eclipse, the sun would be hidden behind a dark earth outlined by a brilliant red ring consisting of all the world's sunrises and sunsets"
http annoyed  www mailorderhusbands net order 
"me and @<propfirst> smith     we're somethin' else, i tell you  love you <propfirst>!!"
bootleg movies rule 
out of work at 1pm     disc golf? boomerang practice? bass practice? video games? beer?!?
"my cat <propmale> came home after being missing for a week lookin' like a zombie!!  one dragging leg, scabs all over, squinty eye!!  i wonder wtf happened to him!!   sad     (he'll be ok, though)"
dang man i just got locked inside of dutton island preserve!! i had to call from an emergency phone for help! wtf?
"new bearings on my board, and fresh oil in my car   dang i'm all lubed up and ready to roll!!!"
dear summer: please come back!!! i am so sorry for ever wishing winter would come!!! i'm freezing here! my heater is set at 85!! please!!!!
"so i have decided to take some grappling classes as well as survival\courses  if anybody is interested in being a kick ass partner, let me know "
does anybody wanna go fishing?
sand in my bed!!!! arrggghh - worst thing ever!!!
"i find it kind of ironic that out of the 730+ cities that have streets named after mlk, you can buy drugs and prostitutes on nearly all of them "
off work early for a little disc golf  smile  woot!!
full <propfemale> tonight!! arr-woooo!!!
"dang man, everybody and their mom is going to see galactic at freebird tonight and i can't go!!  noooooooo!!!!!!    sad ((((("
does anybody have an extra att phone?
"1  go to google maps and click on \get directions \""\",cad23a13806a9a7af2964ea7f984f32d,looking to buy a used macbook   
"broken phone  my home # is 904 372 7497\\yes i have a house phone \it was free with the cable bundle   "
burning calories like a fat kid on fire
brewing some reishi tea then headin off for a nice hike around little talbot island   
february 1st? time to start my summer veggie seeds! what shall i grow?
"i have an armadillo that tears up my yard every night, does anybody have any suggestions for an armadillo trap?"
dude  wtf is up with the black eyed peas performance? it's like a cross between the 2008 <propfemale> olympics and <propfirst> tucker's character in the 5th element   
it's kinda hard to take someone seriously when they have a constant wedgie
med rep brought us lunch: chicken nuggets and snickers!!!! haha how appropriate   
   at crazy fish bar on beach icw  they have 'kayak parking'!!
"love isn't about finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly "
the sun is shiiiinnning  - i'm a rainbow too
sooo happy my boyfran is home!!! let's get it on!!!  smile 
gettin' durtay with gardening
i just saw some lady walking a horse down my street    kinda weird 
it's like everything outside just woke up 
at home    siiick   sad 
sooo is there 2 shuttle launches tomorrow? 5 surprise 9 am and 4:50 pm?
ewww i just got somebody else's blood all over me     gross 
my cat has a fight club
"when your tv is broken, you find a lot of time to do other things   "
i've been on a rearranging-my-house binge this whole week
"mattress shopping  and yes, it is a big deal "
"having a bottle opener on your keychain is pretty convenient, but it's a lot more difficult to open your beer with the keys in the ignition"
at pleasure island in disney with <propfirst> smith and <propfirst> smith clarich
so sleepy! we didn't get back from <propmale> until like 1 smile 0 last night!  and all i can think about is my giant new comfy bed i got this weekend! and i know <propfirst> is still sleeping in it!    jealous!  x0
"just think, everytime you cross the street, people in their cars are guessing how many points they would get for hitting you   "
those old ladies at the grocery store who hand out free samples of pizza rolls are probably wiping their asses with those things before they hand them out
i don't understand these ponte vedra people     annoyed 
that's what japan gets for killing all those whales 
yaay i have a cleany weeny housie wousie
happy pi day everybody!
of all things to sit on    red taco sauce?!?! and i'm wearing lime green scrubs!!  x0
"i like how the parking lot for the legion in jax beach becomes so crowded, that people start parking at the aa  halfway house next door"
who do you think would win in an election: <propfemale> palin or <propfirst> sheen?
news flash: the <propfemale> is effing huge right now 
down at the beach tryin to shoot the <propfemale>
what do you do when you own 398723 pillows?
i'm capturing the armadillo  tonight 
goin' to guana
