d814bde8a8da393430e0c455f2a4c09d
saw sherlock holmes <propfirst> downey jr   love  go see it!
why is it so boring? someone talk
why is facebook so confusing!  annoyed 
my best friend  annoyed 
doesnt feel well
gotta new cell txt it 951-473-4326
sims 2   yes!
needs help with mla format
bored
why am i suddenly addicted to facebook? lol   
< < facebook
looking for a philisophical conversation
wants to start a story
ps could use ideas
wriers block somebody help me  annoyed  please!
studying   
just got done studying it was very productive
i want to go to havasu for some reason haha but its cold  sad  lol
`writers block help!
off to study facebook leave me stuffs
vampire sims=awesomeness  playful 
morning facebook i should be studying thanks for the distraction
beauty and the beast  love 
facebook chat work again!
i need help with quadratic formula!
goodnight facebook
"if we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair  we'd never have a friendship  we'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical  well, that's nonsense  you've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down   <propfirst> bradbury"
wants to go to church whos willing to take me?
sams here!  smile  bffl  love 
would like to meet a new friend for xmas
need book suggestions
yaaay! i passed math
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  laugh 
if i started a writing blog would anyone read it?
heres a tip: dont ever look at your old blogs that you dont update anymore
i'd like the world to know that <propfirst> lautner now is my phone and desktop wallpaper and yes hes shirtless  laugh 
why is it that when i try and start a conversation with people all they say is ok it makes me feel like people hate talking to me whatever
im just trying to be friendly with people lol
wonders what dancing is like   
is it weird that the majority of my ipod is christian rock music all of the sudden?
eating ice cream ill brb
yay! jareds in remission!
back from the river who wants to talk?
itunes is a pain <_<
lmao fb pirate bwaahaha
who felt the ground move please tell me i'm not nuts!
ahhh excedrin does wonders for a headache where it's as if you got hit by a bus
loves <propmale> mcgraw  laugh 
there needs to be a freaking dislike button
writing  love 
lets see how honest fb friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
wants new fb pics!
um i *did not* join the <propfirst> vick fan club!!! < < anyone know how to drop out of a group?
ra ra ahh ahh ahh <propfemale> <propfemale>ma gaga oh la la  playful 
feels like a car hit me {insert f word here}
lmao pants on the ground
beauty and the beast on broadway  smile 
facebook is being lame
exorcism of <propfemale> <propfemale> text me
thinking she should register to vote
really wants to go to disneyland for her birthday
is so annoyed that she cant add her friend <propfemale> as a friend!
just thought miley <propmale> was in pirates 4
who else heard thunder?
girls i have a question message me
wants to meet someone in a wheelchair like me  smile 
it takes a lot of will power to restrain myself from just plain freaking out and slapping the crap out of some really stupid people 
i do not have a doppleganger lame
eek the sickness in my house is bad
wants to find her <propmale>
ok is it weird that i got a request from a company that supplys medicinal pot in murrieta?
"you cannot undo anything you've already done, but you can face up to it  you can tell the truth  you can seek forgiveness  and then let god do the rest "
"<propfemale>  the most incredible friend anyone could ever have  she is incredibly beautiful both inside and out, even if she can't see it  she is absolutely hilarious, and extremely intelligent  she will be there for you no matter what, and gives you more than you deserve  she makes you realize all the good in life  she is your sunshine "
long day need a hug from my buddies
"i feel like god wants me to become more involved and meet people, but idk how or where"
doesnt understand why she has no life
needs thoughts to come out of her brain for this paper! i am stressed
what good is student email if the teacher never replies?
anybody want to <propfemale> out this weekend?
the office for the win  playful 
had a busy getting tutoring and now i must finish my paper
is now a registered voter  laugh 
so happy i'm getting out of the house tonight!
last night was a blast!
<propfirst> 7:1-2  love 
is now a greeter for her church every third sunday of each month  love  come see me!
totally not looking foreward to wenesday
hopes her math test went well
"loves her best friends <propfemale>, <propfirst>, grace and <propmale>"
why are fb chats erazing
erasing
a day of studying is ahead of me
ahhhrrgh why arent the articles emailing grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
yay essays < <
going out for my birthday today
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness  they are not looking for a cure, only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour? special education week: march 22-26"
really wants to see her best friend grace
really hurt her back dont know what to do
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  93% won't copy and paste this  i did but will you?"
doesnt feel well sad 
is contemplating sleep
is a horrible friend   
"dear jesus, am i doing something wrong? i ask you everyday to end my pain when i sleep at night  i ask for friendship and love from that special person  i read scripture daily, and i spend time with you daily  why are my prayers still unanswered? i do not blame you, for i know you have no time clock or years  i just hope you answer me soon  love  amen"
gets to go to church tomorrow night yay  laugh 
hopes her math test goes well
has writers block
"how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me--our very first encounter  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed at how interesting this can really be   "
is really sad  sad 
just discovered veggie tales  playful 
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again i thought of you today, but that is nothing new i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too i think of you in silence,i often speak your name all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake,for which ill never part   god has you in his arms,i have you in my heart!re-post if you have someone in heaven"
having a rough day with her hands
grape soda doesnot taste good  annoyed 
in pain  sad 
misses her cousin <propfemale> <propmale>
must finish her english essay today so she can start her psychology essay  surprise ) oh college how i love you!
loves lady antebellum  love 
wants to find her <propmale> blue october 21st  love 
hates the smell of nail polish remover
good morning world!  laugh 
it cant be good when it hurts to put weight on ur feet so you can straighten your knees so you can use the bathroom :[
is feeling the heat of college work right now  i'm so overwhelmed and stressed!
feels like she could hurl  annoyed 
stomach flu :[
i hate essays  annoyed 
got her voter pamphlet in the mail today  smile 
decided that she wants to go bowling
cold feet  sad 
"i feel like a cereal every morning i get up  i hear snap,crackle and pop "
omg google pacman
back feels amazing since she got anestetic shots  smile 
last official day of classes this semester
pandora radio=awesomeness
"like\ this status and ill send you a wallpost saying something i like about you  set this as your status if you're brave """
videos that dont load for political science 101 online aren't good  annoyed 
good morning stars shine the world says hello!  love 
so frustrated  annoyed 
ahhh how i love debating political issues in the morning
must stop getting distracted   
red jellybellies are quite nasty
go lakers  smile )
arrgh my laptop is about to get a free bus ride to out the windowsville  annoyed 
uggh cant sleep text if you're still up
idk how to get to sleep if anyone has any ideas text 473-4326
i'm determained to have a great day today!
"would like to actually finish one of the many stories she has started writing, but think they all lack in something"
people sometimes i swear   
school is tiring   
would like a hug  smile 
math class is canceled but now i will be super bored
so idk if i want to be a psychologist anymore now im thinking journalism does anyone else have no clue what they want to do as of now?
lady gaga while writing annoyed ove  love 
rawr printer is not working need to print stuff for english 103! d:<
i feel yucky at the moment d:
trying to do homework with the flu sucks 
essay time!
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it  put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste  i did  will you? show love to those who are in the fight and their family!"
pray i do well on my math test!  love 
off to class  smile 
math melted my brain today
home alone i need another box of kleenex!
introductory paragraphs suck lol
time to work on my essay on refugee camps in africa   fun lol
who's good with mla format? i have a question that needs answering!  laugh  please
battleship is harder than it looks  smile 
"who thinks a 72 38 percent in algebra 2 is awesome for me? like this status! oh, i like it on the bookself  smile "
math test cross your fingers  smile 
<propmale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> <propfirst> how i love you  love  you give me so much inspiration
would you put a hyphen between eight-thirty
so i got an 85 on my essay and a 78 on my math test i think today was a good day!  laugh 
omg beauty and the beast musical is going to hollywood march 2011  love 
paper is complete! all 1500 words!
wants to marry <propmale> groban  smile 
got a 93 on her latest paper! i now have an 86 in english 103!
math class today english friday then the river for a whole week awesome
so distracted   
going to the mall and seeing <propmale> potter w  my sister today!  laugh   love 
<propmale> potter=epic and i wish voldemort could smell how bad he stinks! except he has no nose  playful 
working on a <propmale> potter fanfiction!
peanut butter and banana sandwhich mhmmm  love 
"writing a letter to my best friend, who is also my cousin, who is in bootcamp love "
today is a study day!
what is with the <propfirst>? the game makes no sense not everyone needs to know what you think about another person  that is all i have to say 
"my life depends on this math final! i really do not want to take algebra 2 a third time! pray i do well if you believe, and wish me luck if you don't!"
having a hard day
people can you pretty please stop sending me farmville fishville or any other ville stuff? i do not play them
i passed math!  laugh 
<propfemale> text my phone
just watched the creepiest movie ever
i love writing  love 
i need new music any suggestions?
listening to pink!  love 
had an awesome christmas with my family!
what chapter did dobby die in <propmale> potter?
wants <propfirst> gillespie's  solo album for my birthday!
i want to throw my college algebra book out the window!
"dear homework, \\you are unattractive; there for, i cannot do you \\i show you no love,\<propfemale>"
