a8d5d0b8ddef37af79538979d506112a
"sneaking suspicion; the verification codes for friend requests are trying to tell us something  for example, the last request i sent gave me the code broccoli might  i think it's a warning about an upcoming produce uprising "
just realized how awesome i am
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wmhfn3mgwui\you will obey!"
this just in: i can't here myself think over the sound of how awesome i am 
it's always good to be modest
"you should always remember the three rs of necromancy; reuse, recycle, and reanimate "
"farmville rehab; open up their farmville <propfemale>, tie them to a chair, and force them to watch their crops and animals die "
the fact that i have nothing witty to say shocks and disturbs me greatly 
"really curious about who thought i voted for obama, you should get to know me a little better "
"anyone ever had corn nuts? hint: it's like eating salty human teeth  mm, delicious "
"uriah update: aparently, there is more past than i originally belived  5 pages of history so far!"
"the song \twist and shout\"" refers to snapping your spine and ulating about it"""
"reading the dornian heresy, best alternate horus heresy ever! makes me want to build an army of nurglite blood angels"
looking for voice actors for a series of audio clips for my d20 modern campaign  you would do brief things such as audio logs and the like 
starting a chaos spess mehrens army!
looking for voice actors for a series of audio clips for my d20 modern campaign  you would do brief things such as audio logs and the like 
just played a game of paranoia  now i'm high-strung and edgy  i had no idea how devious and crafty my gaming group really is 
"yerp  that's right, i whent there "
"whent to the <propmale> potter party at salem today (slitheren)  most of the party was me and <propmale> kholes sharing amused glances with each other whenever something really nerdy was said, i e  \let's do the <propmale> potter rap!\"" \",a laugh 5d0b laugh def37af79538979d506112a,wind the frog!
"saw the latest <propmale> potter movie last night  phenominal, truly  let's have a moment of silence for doby  (que a slideshow of images of doby)"
"had a double take at meijer today  i swore that i had seen <propfirst> abnett buying cream cheese right next to me! sadly, it was not "
ever seen pan's labyrinth? it's kind of like a grim-dark chronicles of narnia 
wind the frog
megamind was great 
just loved inglorious basterds  nice alternate take on the end of ww2 
fooom!!!
"learned today that next semester i will have b lunch  well, crap "
"today in history, the wright brothers made their historic flight in <propfemale> hawk north <propfemale>, only to shot down by the first anti-aircraft gun built by their spiteful third brother <propmale> redembacher "
spent my entire hour in <propmale> with a <propfemale> cane on my nose  thank you <propfirst> 
"a man sporting a starbucks uniform and wielding a katana was seen riding atop a man running at 60 <propmale> an hour  the duo slashed the tires of a black <propfirst> where a brawl ensued with a hulking man who was also on fire  in other news, a man with no face was seen driving towards the scene while a massive homeless man fired bolts of electricity from his fingers "
"if you have 3rd degree burns and then get 3rd degree burns over your existing 3rd degree burns, do you now have 6th degree burns?"
just got some dark reapers    i'm coming for you <propfirst> 
"i hate it when people like their own posts  not only does it show your narcissism and your utter arrogance, but it clogs up other poster's news feeds  people who do that make me sick "
"got a very strange request for a commissar <propmale> story  they (it was a group) wanted to have <propmale> leading sisters of battle with catholic schoolgirl uniforms over their armour  also, duke nukem  yep "
"take a stand, join the war clan  (wookies against racism)"
"i'm going to make something for the first six people who leave a comment  but if you comment, you've got to copy and paste this as your status and make something handmade for the first 5 people who comment on your status  it must be handmade by you and it should be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 "
woo! my faction finally picked me up after 4 days! yeah!
"yeah, the lazarus rp is really lethal! so far we have 2 deaths and pj was transformed into a howler  good times "
"ahriman- he    he ate my bolt of change   he just, ate it!\kharn- no!\it was also on that day that ahriman discovered his one weakness    bullets "
"just took my tie fighter for a spin, thank you imperial navy! also, completed my first mission "
you know what i hate? trolls 
could one of you fine people hook me up with someone? it's about time i got a girlfriend  thanks 
chaos dwarves: the best kind of dwarves 
"roleplay thread is working out nicely  the sorcerer failed to sneak through the killer's quarter in var'arth and a dark elf whisperknife beat the crap out of him before he retaliated with a bolt of lightning  i mean literally, the whisperknife kicked the sorcerer down the street! (the sorcerer is a kobold) "
"heat the meat\layer layer layer\melt to satisfaction"
"i have a continue this story thread on dakka, and this was the last post   \\yoda was quickly batter dipped and seasoned with eleven different secret herbs and spices, then popped into the ships oven at 350 degrees for an hour, as was the way of their secret ritual "
"congragulations, <propfirst> leclerc, longest living member of my lazarus rp thread!"
"no school! just got a call verifying my hopes! danke, totstrum, danke "
"just finished running a 4 hour lazarus game with 6 active players  after engaging in a three way combat, and a diologue moment, and a one on one combat, it's been one of the most draining e playful eriances of my life  cudoes to those that attended though "
"my aunt (from down south) always said i'd grow up to be a contract killer  \that boy's gonna be a' sassin' all his life \"" \",a laugh 5d0b laugh def37af79538979d506112a,"brandon: gaz! gaz! help me! ahhhhh! gaz!\gaz: ah gee, would you look at the time    gotta go \brandon: aaaaah! gaz! no! aaaaaahhh!"
"yo dawg, i heard you like batman, so i killed your parents "
why do i think this is a perfect god of war minigame?: kratos angrily pinches a pimple on his back 
"you stupid turb, if you wind my frog again, i swear, i'll tather you!"
"how can you e playful ect to kill your black pudding, if you don't kill your meat golem?!"
yay! was just promoted to fight corporal!
"i would like you to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same "
"first person to like this status i will list as my father, second, my mother, third my son, and forth and fifth my grandparents "
"did you know that they are remaking one of <propfirst> speilberg's greatest films, with <propfirst> <propfemale> instead of liam neeson? it's going to be called    \\schindler's fist!"
"i was going to do a pun about butter, but the margarine for error was too large "
how did i spend my saturday? i played mutants and masterminds and we watched my little pony for hours  time well spent 
"i feel the need to flex my literary muscles, so i challenge someone to a write-off! we'll both write stories within a specific theme, then have them judged by a third party  any takers?"
smacked my face on the sink whilst feeding the cats  words cannot sufficiently describe how disappointed i am with myself 
watching the blue man group on acid would be terrifying 
commissars- because combat against vastly superior alien races isn't scary enough for the peons in the trenches 
loved the uwe kind concert  i haven't been so hoarse since i dressed as a commissar and screamed at people for around five hours 
"what warhammer 40,000 faction are you? -- my result: the adeptus arbites and the munitorium  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 75094 referrals status?aid=100001053316898"
"slenderman, slenderman\\does whatever a slenderman can\\he eviscerates his foolish prey\\but not before he drives? them insane\\look out, here comes the slenderman!"
gotta get me some death jesters  just love the shrieker cannon 
"crosswords: my nemesis, we meet again "
took on yoder today  perfect tie  damn you <propmale>! maaaatttt waaaaarrrrddd innnn theeee forrrreeessssstttt!!!!!
"if looks could kill, you'd be a beholder "
"\a broken clock is right twice a day  a sundial can be used to stab someone regardless of the time of day \"""""
ogre leadbelchers  they ruin everything 
"just wrapped up lazarus, after several months of playing  can't wait to start the sequel "
"one day, people will call me 'sir', without adding; 'you're making a scene   \"",2011-03-29 22:40:48""",a laugh 5d0b laugh def37af79538979d506112a,"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well "
have the urge to write a fictitious history of the world  who's with me?
"this afternoon, <propfirst> and i rammed the exorcist-mobile into a morbidly obese defense attorny being attacked by nightgaunts  i love our gaming sessions "
"ales klar, herr kommissar?"
i have returned!
"uh, do we not have school today?"
happy kyletag!
i must eat me spinach 
wind the frog 
cannibalism should be grounds for leniency in murders because it's less wasteful 
well then! thanks for all the wellwishing! i appreciate it!
amnesia: the only game where you can break down walls with chairs 
"well, it took me three months, but i've listened to every zlad song ever made  i have only one thing to say about the e playful erience: i am the anti pope! like a lion kills an antelope! like a hammer hits a cantaloupe!"
like my status i will tell you 1  how we met  2  my first impression of you  3  what i like about you  4  my favorite memory of you  but like this and you have to put it as your status!(stole from <propfirst> stolarczyk)
"with luck, i'll be able to order rome this week "
"i don't understand what issue people have with the youth in <propfemale>  as i've never met them, i prefer to withhold judgement "
whent to the pops concert  your rendition of bounty <propmale> numbed the entire right side of my body  keep up the good work!
"could someone draw <propfirst> clements and i as we would appear in a cyberpunk future? i had this conversation with <propfirst> yesterday, and awesome things were discussed "
"oberst fu, you will be missed  you gave your life to continue the pointless bureaucratic process of the united nations, leaving brazil to create a half-baked plan to take police action to ensure that israelis and palestinians played soccer in giant stadiums in jerusalem "
"if a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat?"
"shut up, you kraken!"
"1  how we met annoyed 2  your name in my phone annoyed 3  have i ever liked you annoyed 4  what i like best about you annoyed    5  what i dislike about you annoyed 6  favorite memory of us annoyed 7  my first impression annoyed 8  how close we are annoyed 9  do i challenge you to put this as your status?"
i prefer my surgeon to be a scientist rather than an artist  just sayin' 
"what culture are you, sir? a dithering mole-ape? even a deviant hyperborean knows the importance of the addition of milk to any marble dish! me to <propfirst> clements"
just downloaded dwarf fortress! utterly confused! someone help me! yeah!
"i played <propmale> <propmale>'s voice clips backwards    scary stuff, man "
"<propfirst> daubenmeyer and i tried to take shelter in the salem choir room, but some low life was only admitting other choir members  he left us to die "
"\pelosi demands weiner probe\"""""
"i shaved my filthy neckbeard, i feel so liberated "
you are evil because you are a lemon 
"as you may know, i've started playing dwarf fortress, a game with a vertical learning curve  i will post an excerpt from mcbeardfist's journal every time i play, keeping you updated on my dwarves "
have finished another amulet  this one of sandstone  it menaces with spikes of sandstone  it menaces with spikes of leather  it depicts an image of a tree  it depicts an image of a dwarf  the dwarf is making a rude gesture at the tree 
i need someone to come over to my house and instruct me on how to play dwarf fortress  i know nothing  instruction guides and lps have been useless  i need someone to stand over my shoulder and point to what keys i need to press 
was chased three <propmale> by a swarm of angry deer flies  i love the north 
dakka has its own minecraft server 
interpersonal communications class- the only class where watching the breakfast club is mandatory 
"going to kick back, relax, and play some dwarf fortress "
we killed <propfirst>! forgive us master!
"just saw the deathly hallows part 2  man, too bad about hagrid, i really liked  what a way to go "
"with the blood of an enemy shall the marks be made upon the missile  then bless the missile and present unto the mounting  say the prayer of firing and curse the target  do this rapidly lest the wrath of the weapon be wasted  point the eye of the weapon so that it may see the object of its wrath  when the weapon has uttered its curse and eaten the soul of its victim, then shall you take up the next missile   "
the borders cafe' closes tomorrow 
"received honor wounds from larping  i am apparently well-versed in the way of the short sword, a skill i will continue to hone with each session "
"wonderful day at pandemonium, uh, 'today'  faced off against <propmale> yoder and <propfirst> nilles with <propfirst> leclerc  we would of won had it not been for the <propmale> wardian 35th "
anyone else notice that yotsuba's father is named 'mr  kowai'?
"currently in my 'terrifying' dwarf fortress, my siege mechanic has been eaten by a zombie panda, over four dwarves and several animals have been trampled to death by a deer skeleton, its rained non-stop since day one, the jeweler buried a pickaxe into the <propmale> in a fit of homicidal rage, a pack of skeletal badgers chases down anyone who leaves the fortress, and all the rotting bodies are making the dwarves sick  i love dwarf fortress "
"as per ordered by <propfemale> glass \\1  how we met? \2  your name in phone? \3  have i ever liked you? \4  who are you to me? \   5  what i like best about you? \   6  what i dislike about you? \7  a favorite memory of you? \8  my first impression? \9  how close are we? \10  do i challenge you to put this as your status?"
why does facebook keep suggesting friends from <propfemale> or east <propfemale>? was it something i said? i must know!
tried eating my breakfast left-handed today for kicks  i now realize that task is beyond me 
i hate it when some crazy bloke dressed as his dead mother tries to stab me to death in the shower 
"youtube, twitter, and facebook are joining together to form a massive social media conglomerate called youtwitface "
"i used to be indecisive, now i'm not sure "
do i know any jokes about sodium? na 
 thought provoking status
i'm scratching myself with a claw-hammer  why?
"just friended gha weslley cc'jjheyekhchhubbiee, one of the many people facebook assumes i must know "
"you what? i'm just going to friend all of these indonesians that facebook seems to think i know  if facebook thinks i know indonesians, then damn it, i'm going to know indonesians "
"heading up north today at 4, and will be back thursday  that is all "
guys! we missed h p lovecraft's birthday! we're going to have to serve some penance for this 
"had a wonderful time getting lost in the woods as the sun set and darkness descended  it only got better when we saw the femur bone  ah, the north "
"a good friend will be there to calm you down when you are mad, but a best friend will be holding a shovel asking\do you think the hole is deep enough?\"""""
something witty 
most dreadfully bored  reading my chem com book and pretending i'm an alchemist 
"facebook, you just updated yourself while i watched  huh "
slept in to 11 today  tomorrow morning should be barrels of fun 
"walked home with <propfirst> when we couldn't find our bus  made it home long before the bus did  i think that says something about the bus system  anyhow, i have a brotastic morning that starts out with early brit lit (my dream class), then moves on to <propmale> ii with the sole  man, this is going to be an awesome year "
"for the record, tarchala is not an epic african hero of song and legend, but a young white woman  man, and i though algebra ii was going to be cool "
got home the moment my bus pulled in  understand that i walked home  there's something seriously wrong with the bus loop 
"a female waved at me whilst i was walking home, as well as calling out my name  i saluted her as she drove past  who are you? i only saw your arm  please tell me, because this is going to keep me up all night "
"automatic doors need to open fast enough to accommodate my swift gait  i mean, honestly, i keep smacking into automatic doors because they're too slow for me  someone should look into this "
everyone needs to go and play dwarf fortress  i command it 
"lenin played the theremin  also, the soviets invented electronic music "
please copy & paste this to your status if you are constantly being asked to copy & paste something to your status by friends who copy & paste things to their status  many people won't copy & paste this but my true sarcastic friends will copy & paste it because they know this was copied & pasted from a dear friend in need of more stuff to copy & paste   thank you! and don't forget the heart    ?
"hat snorlax you just called fat? yeah, it's eating rare candies by the dozen for you to accept it \that gastly you just called ugly? it's been trying to learn a new move to replace its mean look \that slowpoke you just tripped? he has a learning disability that makes him legally retarded \see that hitmonchan with the scars? he fought in vietnam for your freedoms today  put this as your status if you're against pokebullying  help save a pokemon a visit to the pokecenter "
feeling the urge to write some <propmale> again 
"man, i cook food like a wizard "
going to write some more commissar <propmale>  it's been far too long 
working on a short horror story  should be done rather soon 
"consider this: in the legend of zelda: the skyward sword, you're pulling out people's hearts with a whip; so you can eat them "
been writing a bunch of short horror stories as of late and am looking for inspiration  anyone have any interesting story ideas that can be e playful ressed in a single sentence?
*implying a status *
the internet? that'll never catch on 
"must     not      resistance      faltering      speaking     in      sentence        fragments          \\truth         is          "
"it's rather difficult to compete with free food when you're sell pretzels for $2 00  in other news, i became the god of nuclear death as i worked the microwave "
"i added illuminati to my list of employers on my profile, now all of my suggested friends are scary looking eastern europeans "
 status 
"\the holy <propmale> empire was neither holy nor <propmale> nor 'the'\"""""
"today in the past: <propfirst> adams, the famed revolutionary and hypnotist, is sent to <propfirst> to help negotiate a peace with the british  during the talks, adams famously clashed with the french foreign minister <propfirst> gravier, comte de vergennes, a rivalry that threatened the peace talks  despite this, a peace was indeed settled with the british  the rumors that adams poisoned gravier with iocane powder are false  however, the rumors that adams shot and killed gravier with a crossbow at the end of the peace talks are true "
"i would like you to tell me how we met, but here's the thing: i want none of it to be true  that's right, i want you to lie  come up with the strangest, most out-there meeting you can, post it to this status, and i'll return the favor on your wall  of course, if you comment on this status, you must copy and paste it to your own  that is all "
