c1374853f9ee657be01d70315af0b340
luvs n hugs to all my family n friends on this new years <propfemale>! if i don't see u 2night no that i'm thinking of you n wishing a <propfemale> n happy night       p s   behave <propfemale> <propfemale> !)
going shopping with my sissy's be back later!
gonna watch some paranormal state bbl
singing happy birthday to <propmale>! going bowling 2night wanna go?!
loves her baby girl shyshy and wishes her husband a happy birthday smile 
shy stop it u turd!
farmville cash didn't work go figure knew it was 2 good 2 b true
nighty night my fb friends say ur prayers n c ya 2morrow!
"pretty pooped out had a beautiful day with my girls  went bowling, birthday party, was fun! and scored 156 highest score ever!) nnow time 4 a nap whew!! lol"
brb gotta go get a soda got cotton mouth like a mofo!
gotta work but thanking god it's friday!
off to work short day woo hoo! bbl my friends!
gonna go to the park with my lil' one and hit some balls  smile 
guess gonna fo back to the pub n do sum dancing w  my sis n bro~ talk to ya'll later my facebook friends!) hopefully won't be too wasted to get my password right lmao!
planting sum flowers with the girls n grillin' such a beautiful day!
"had a good day, survived the weekend n now i can't wait to see what 2morrow is gonna bring! gonna go to bed so it arrives faster !) goodnight my facebook friends "
full <propfemale>  smile  watch out lol!
ok off to work i go    poor work  smile  c ya @ 5 my facebook stalkers lol!
"it's gonna be another beautiful day, checked on sum friends  family evry1 has a positive attitude, n the weather is beautiful so off to work i go to feed sum hungry people n make them smile! have a great day!"
gotta go back 2 work 4 a few hours be back later  smile 
phew what a day  smile 
yep it's spring found a bull snake by the front door
"decorating eggs with my girls i just loooove holidays family, friends, good times smile "
it's going to be a fun n exciting day! gonna start off by going to church w  family n friends n then lots of fun with my girls  smile  have a happy n blessed easter my friends  smile 
off to work i go    have a blessed day my fb friends smile 
gonna watch i hope they serve beer in hell
i looove chicken in a biskits       smile 
went for a walk in the woods with my girls      felt like i was <propfemale> the e playful lorer rofl!
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as my fb family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who reposts
woo hoo got outta work early but don't feel well
's pillow has some very good secrets    she's going to go listen to them  wink 
is in desperate need of a stiff one      drink that is u perverts  wink 
turn up the music    block out the world  smile 
why is it that lemon juice contains mostly afrtificial flavors and dish soap contains real lemons? lol!
gotta go to work    there's a lor of hungry people depending on me lol! oh n i am getting my license this week woo hoo  smile  have a blessed day my friends!
i don't wanna! so there  smile 
"had a blast visiting my friends n family this weekend in w, wish i could've stayed longer but have responsibilities that can't wait n a funeral :gonna be a hectic week!"
way too busy thinking i need another vacation but alot longer this time lol!
going to watch my girl play sum softball go shy shy  smile 
my heart is heavy today but am going to be strong for my family i just wish we didn't have to do this again  sad 
 sad 
my baby girl has one heck of an arm  smile 
how do you do?!  playful 
good night and may angels sleep on ur pillow  wink 
o k  now i reeaaallly am gonna go to bed i swear this time i'm for real now stop distracting me facebook!
it's friday! time to play smile 
spending the day with family at dad's gonna be a good day except the hangover part lol!
<---  love  's her life  smile  having a good night have all neighbor kids n my girls camping out in the  backyard sooo many tents n not enough yard lol! kinda wanna join them but enjoying the laughters from inside  can't wait till rock creek  smile   love 
had a full but good day missed church again grr    gotta remember to set alarm or sumthing but went n helped mommy with her lawn n had n awesome softball scrimmage with shy then had to take my other baby girl back home ( i hate that time of day) then found a 1 2 bag full of morrels so all in all not a bad day at all! thank you jesus!!  smile 
"well time to shut down my dear facebook friends good night n sweet dreams, don't 4-get to say ur prayers  smile "
i'm tired of reliving mondays! lol!
"\ have you been drinking tonight?\""   no   \""step out of the car plz \""   i can't u get in! lol!"""
holy freakin camel crap! i think it's time for another road trip  smile 
just got back from camping with friends n family n already ready for next trip  smile 
grrr!
i'm totally addicted to sunshine  smile 
wishes that sundays came with a pause button  smile 
"working 9-5, girls last day of school hope they have a fun day, then softball game with <propfemale> <propfirst> welcome to my life never a dull moment always a blessed one  smile "
rain rain go away so my girls can go out n play 
is available in 5 different colors  playful 
is behind you mwahahaha!  smile 
watched my girl win her first game was so happy seeing her be proud of herself and teammates    wish she'd stay this age forever  smile 
"almost all accidents start with \ hold my beer\"" <propfemale> <propfemale>!"""
please live what you preach otherwise why preach at all?
happy birthday to me happy birthday to me happy birthday dear me happy birthday to me lol!
whoo hoo! back up n running  smile 
grrrrrrr! stupid laptop is down again! plz bear with me while 1) i fix it or 2) i throw it in the river!
my pet rock is ignoring me  grrrr    
off to work i go don't feel well heck of a head cold but what can you do     oh boy!
is thinking that her friends n family should buy a new laptop for her for x-mas so she doesn't have to be at the library all the time  smile 
"special needs kids aren't sick or gross  they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of those who have children with special needs    and those who work with children with special needs "
alarm clocks    cuz every morning should begin with a heart attack!
<~ thinks that thanksgiving is just a reminder to give thanks everyday not just today  smile  luv u all n have a safe n happy holiday  smile 
time to get my groove on :~p
my status is a secret so i can't post it  smile 
<propfemale> on tight little spider monkey!   smile 
i may not have a lot of $ or be exactly where i want to be but i still count my blessings everyday n night n thank god i'm where i am n not where i could have been n u should 2! luv my friends n family      sweet dreams  smile 
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if it has been months (or even years) apart  they love you   for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are smile "
about to do this night shift thing blah      
enjoying a nice day with my baby girl getting sum stuff done around the house she's a great lil' helper 2day  smile  just may have to go sledding later  playful 
the evil me makes the good me giggle  wink 
"says, if it start's to rain on your parade bring out the slip-n-slide n give me a call  smile "
long island ice tea!
who knew finding the history of ur house was such a pain!
packing sucks! i need a drink!
4 more days  smile 
gone bonkers be back soon :~ 
go ahead n keep throwing obstacles in my way it's not going to stop me or slow me down  playful 
"got moved out missing my homies already thank you to my fav  landlords they've been a big part of my n my girls' lives for a long time <propfemale> <propfirst> is upset she doesn't get to \bug\"" <propfirst> anymore but it's all for the best gotta get over the blues n get on with building our lives"""
day 1 begins with such enthsiasm n happiness too here we go  smile 
now that i've finally stopped being so busy i now have the time to go a little crazy being away from everybody feels kinda weird drinking alone oh well life goes on
