91dd0aad1b660d6db6a174631b24c6a7
movie nights are awesome!  smile 
"awesomely bad night lol   1 church 2 jogging 3 cooking 4 mcdaddy 5 sprained wrist, first time  annoyed "
"fun day with rachel  (well not really just saying that to make her feel special) lol, <propfirst> when u read this dont kill me please  i have witnesses! lol"
eat fresh   not fast! lol
im funny! lol
<propfirst> is weird! lol
"a lot is on my mind  god, my mom, family, educational goals, geting a job   a guy  annoyed  so pretty much  life! life is life  <propfemale> na na <propfemale>! lol <propfemale>!"
who ever is up for pranking my sis call or txt   this will be worlds biggest prank lol
"what a horrible movie last night, glad i barely payed attention   lol  smile "
home alone  sad  what to do what to do   
happy birthday georgio!! we love you!! god bless you lil <propmale>!!  smile 
cheesecake!  smile 
"<propfemale> looks so adorable when she is napping   i think napping is her thing lol she loves it n looks good when she is taking one  smile \little sleeping beauty  smile "
lost my cell  annoyed 
just tortured the cat with georgio   he went for a lil <propfemale> ride  smile  then we gave him a bath!!!   (i know <propfemale> will have the first say on this lol)
gonna go pick my my mommy up from the airport with my sis    i miss her so much!
<propfemale> garden  smile  i own that restaurant!
<propfirst> kept a n****!  smile 
slumber party in my room!  smile  wooo    rachel is the only guest! n thats enough!! lol
the house is spotless finally! lol  smile 
poor rachie!  sad  i love you hun   always there for u  we are sisters for life!   if something happens to me  if lol  i'll make sure to ask for specifically your blood   and if it rejects it   ill make it work!! my way!  smile 
huge crash on our street!   drinking is dumb! thank the lord <propfemale> is alright!
mall time  who wants to join   clackamas!  smile 
"if i text you, means i miss you  if i dont, means i'm waiting for you to miss me "
i had a great start today  got to spend time with my mom before work  smile  feels like fall now!
  how great it is to relax after doing nothing all day  smile 
"just went for a bike ride my mom, she's quick! she started racing lol  im worn out! wow"
went for another bike ride with mom to starbucks   this is going to be our daily routine! my legs just died on me  im not getting off this couch until its time for class lol
i dont think anyone loves <propfemale> garden more that me!  smile 
somebody stop mmehh! lol
right now i wish i had someone to hug  annoyed  home alone  sad 
"was poisoned and burned the inside of the stomach lining with acid (hot cheetos), threw up three times today, couldn't stand up because not enough vitamins got through  whole body ached from that, and wouldn't let food down  what a day!   thank the lord, im eating normally again! body still hurts but it will pass  smile  hopefully before 1st day of driving tomorrow w  teacher!"
happy lil me!
<propfemale>!
tag much?  i do lol
"ughhh! there is never time to e playful lain   u become impatient, confused, angry, then hurt!"
one more time  smile 
our team won! go ducks! lol rachel  no one was on ur team! haha
zumiez poster! oh yea
somebody poke me!!  smile 
man i love getting poked lol more more more!  smile  lol
night world!  smile  sweedreams
poke me!  smile 
wow more people are online at night
thanks to everyone who stay loyal to the pokes  smile  this keeps getting fun
my sister is engaged!!! 10 10 10  smile  pray for them please so the lord may bless them and their future together!  smile 
um  lol i know u all hate me for this (i have to though) who wans to play the poke game???  smile ) oo please please please
i wish i had someone to stay up with me when i cant sleep  maybe take a walk around the neighborhood in the middle of the night  annoyed 
i can feel your heartbeat -<propmale> iglesias ft  <propfemale> scherzinger
pokey poke pokadee poke poke!
yeah yeah yeah -<propfirst> brown
just pulled an all nighter with <propfemale> at subway! havent done that in a while!  smile 
i love being accomplished!
man stupid subway ruined my sleeping schedule lol thanks rache!!
man plans never work out!!!
i'm sick!!  sad  somebody cheer me up  annoyed 
brilliant people talk about ideas      average people talk about things       and stupid people talk about other people
you can't catch me! heh heh
chicken noodle soup! bn the best day so far!!
1 2 step
poke me
poke me 
poke me  
poke me   
poke me    
poke me     
whats really awesome is when someone is frying onions   and potatoes  laugh 
dont wash dishes too long lol ur hands will look weird lol
what time is it?
ahhhhhhhhhh good afternoon   lol i dont think i ever see morning unless im going to bed at  4am lol
church!  smile 
stressss! i don't need you so go away!  lol cooking for the entire youth tomorrow at the russian church  smile 
"read my note update everyone, it is worth it!"
good morning world!  smile  my goals r on their way to being accomplished! wwooo
18! still not excited bout getting old! lol
amazing night!  smile  love you all  i felt pretty special!!
"i cant sleep!   have u ever woken up with tears down ur face  frightened  im so restless right now, real torture"
i think ill go to bed now lol  smile   rachel hi!
