61a2a9c09e8a74d4a46ba9cc7a4abb0c
ellllo 2010!  smile 
sun is in the sky oh why oh why would i wanna be anywhere else?
and all that i can do is just laaaaaugh!
din din with zeee best people on this planet 
i have dreams of orca whales and owls but i wake up in fear
misses <propfemale>  sad   love 3333333333333333333333
"keep the change, ya filthy animal "
dancing with the stars   living in the sky with diaaamonds 
lamelame  sad 
"\darling    i don't know how to tell you this but    there's a chinese family in our bathroom \"""""
& damn damn damn i love you   smile 
needs to stop listening to partaaay in the usa!
baking!  smile 
goodluck to everybody taking zee sat tomorrow!
wants to watch how the grinch stole christmas nownownow!
homecoming yayayayayay!  laugh 
someone watch where the wild things are with me  pweeease!
lets get down to businessss aslkdjkasdsalskjd sososos excited!
 smile 
can't sleeeeeep 
the suns in the sky it makes for happy endingss  smile 
happy halloweeen!  smile 
someone take the sat critical reading section for me pleaseplease!
thank you thank you everyone!  smile  i willll get back to allll of you i promise!
maybe someday we will find a way to disappearrr just me & you on silver lining dreams 
<propfirst> kang you are a boss ahahahah  smile 
it's alllll happening!
happy thanksgiving!  smile 
yayaya go lynbrook basketballll!  laugh 
has yet to put up her christmas tree  what in zee worlddd?
i vant whipped cream!
ehehheehhee i cant wait for christmas!
finally putting up her christmas treee!  laugh 
merrry christmas! love   smile 
 laugh  laugh !
lets fast foward to summer breeaaak pwease!
cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballsss!  laugh 
young indigenous specie aka young money love 3
"1,2, ready, go!!"
i love my life  love 
bonjour crepes!
shindiggers love  dig it uh uh uhhhh holes!
juniorrrrrrs!  laugh  teenage mutant ninjaaaa turtlesss!
gooood luck valks love 333333
survived her first track practice yayayayayyayay  laugh  laugh 
can't focus 
fridayy!  smile 
is so incredibly happy  smile 
cannot wait for summerrrr!
aww <propfirst> lysacek! yayayay  smile 
kekeke oovooing with alexaaaa love 333333333 lava you!
ap bio or ap chem?! i hate making decisions 
valks competition finally yayayay!
masssive cleaninggg! yesssyes  laugh 
sun is in the sky oh why oh why would i wanna be anywhere else?
baking cookies & then out with some of zee best girlies on this planet   smile 
limo-ing around downtown san <propfirst> playing sweet or sour? yeeah <propmale>   smile 
has fallen in love with the where the wild things are soundtrack once againnn 
making bagels ehehe!
asdfuckjkasdkljasdadj
spring breakkkk!  smile 
tea-riffffic tea party!
goodluck sat-ers!  laugh 
goooodluck to everyone! we're almost done with ap testing  laugh 
yayayayay shen-shen's hoooome  laugh !
wherever you go there'll be love love loooove
is going to bring in summer by staying up watching criminal minds & then going for a 3 am strollll   laugh 
loves night walks   smile 
"needs to befriend <propfirst> \da gube\"" gubler """
is back from <propfemale> and overwhelmed with appreciation and awarness
thank you thank you thank you thank you everybodyyy!  laugh  laugh  you guys ruuule!
"i feel really lame for making this my status but somebody (i forget who) told me that we don't have late start tomorrow  is that true?! or am i just gullible? also, it smells feels like christmas and it delights me  *< laugh  (left - figure 11 2: <propfemale> wearing a <propfemale> hat )"
"i love my family, the holidays, and cookies "
"ap bio-ers! can you please tell me which diseases we covered in class? ie  huntingtons, albinoism, etc "
is obsessed with words with friends! if you have an iphone or itouch please download the free version (or you could buy it   whatever floats your boat) and we can duke it out  i'm lame 
ruvs <propfemale> pogrob love 
contact me if you would like to buy a car wash ticket! $5 on 3 26 @lynbrook parking lot  laugh  it's to raise money for the new viking boat!
so many amazing people! and i'm not just talking about you ivy-ers! alllll of you guys are amazing  smile  congratulations!
