f18d84cc3b01aefc4df5a942172bb046
knows whether or not she's going camping next weekend   
is idk   
has come to live in a truly pseudo-italian household   
is uber excited for camping this weekend  laugh 
yo <propmale> you forgot to sign out =p this is <propfemale> btw > smile 
is off for a fun-filled weekend camping!
juat got back from an exciting weekend camping   so glad that i went!
"has been reminded of her own mortality, but more importantly the mortality of others   "
is still hurting from the meningitis shot yesterday
"is paying airtran $24 just to sit on their plane, even though they already got $555 for the tickets  fml "
thank u mr  woolery!!! i love u to death!! well i did before but   
please tell me if anyone has sports med 1 or chriqui for ap lit and if so what periods it would be greatly appreciated   
finally saw transformers! amazingness!
does not appreciate at all not being trusted   
is trying to eat healthy for the next 2 1 2 weeks 
fun fact! termites eat wood twice as fast if listening to metal music 
has been reminded of the amazingness of summer camp  smile 
awesome shows on comedy central tonight   
has realized she's been kinda a bitch lately and is working on not being such a one 
got routed to the 405 south when she wanted to go north   ugh
has parents that dont trust her enough to go do smart-people homework at another person's house without doing drugs drinking having sex fucking around  wtf?!
kinda wants her   venter?   ventee?   person that she vents to back  i hope he's having fun on his oh-so-needed vacation but it would still be nice to have him back   
"is back! (for anyone who doesnt know yet)   had my custard, tried escargo, went to the wisconsin state fair, and visited with my not-oft-seen relatives   all in all it was pretty fun  was super ecstatic to be home, (u can ask he who ive spent almost all of the last 48 hours with, he'll tell u) and now   eh   "
is reminiscing     love 
has just finished <propfirst> gray   oh how bitter sweet that is   
"as the summer comes to a close, i still have tons of homework to do, have college apps due in 2 months (need to complete them and write essys), just registered for the act (ugh), and am, in general, stressed out as hell   save me, especially you who needs to get ur ass home faster than asap please!!! i need a break from madame bovary   "
doesn't have a <propmale> to breathe   
oh school today   damn cant believe its all over  doesnt even seem possible  i swear my epically awesome summer isnt done yet  hard to think that my next one will be as a high school graduate   
"so surprisingly enough (or not so suprisingly enough depending on your point of view i guess) i am excited for sports med! probably a little too excited  no, probably way too excited  so i guess we shall see if i should be   "
is   ok get this   icing her thumb cuz it hurts like hell after attempting to rip tape for sports med all afternoon   anyone else catch the irony?
hmm   a giant oh-so-lovable t-shirt and billy   nights shouldnt be so terribly bad   
"ran down the middle of the street barefoot to catch my fleeing dog   i think i deserved that oh-so-awesomely flavorful (too a point, i mean u really need the pepper to make it taste amazing, although the pepper makes it taste really amazing) subway sandwich"
is obviously a bigger screw up than she ever thought possible   now how to survive today knowing how much i have severely hurt my one and only because of it and do it dry-eyed? i dont see how either is possible   
 
ap physics: graphical integration  would anyone like to e playful lain that to me?
"\how wonderful life is while you're in the world   \"" love """
has spent the morning playing with her 2 new gb of music and its all epic!
is done with saturday asb for a while
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, whether we do or do not talk, please post a comment about a memory we had together  after, copy this paragraph and put it as your status, you'll be suprised what people remember about you "
loves   love
still loves love  and freedom 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts  and roses 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts  and roses  and chicken noodle soup 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts  and roses  and chicken noodle soup  and slow dancing  and reenacting nights of the past  and acting 6 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts  and roses  and chicken noodle soup  and slow dancing  and reenacting nights of the past  and acting 6  and giant sweatshirts 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts  and roses  and chicken noodle soup  and slow dancing  and reenacting nights of the past  and acting 6  and giant sweatshirts  and carving pumpkins  and early morning car rides 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts  and roses  and chicken noodle soup  and slow dancing  and reenacting nights of the past  and acting 6  and giant sweatshirts  and carving pumpkins  and early morning car rides  and holding hands 
loves   love  and freedom  and becoming italian  and very late nights  and subway  and spontaneity  and loving texts  and roses  and chicken noodle soup  and slow dancing  and reenacting nights of the past  and acting 6  and giant sweatshirts  and carving pumpkins  and early morning car rides  and holding hands  and talking  and church  and singing  and dancing  and being a git while singing and dancing 
for some reason has a need to declutter her life  wonder why   
"just wants to be accepted into college already! world: stop shopping and start moving again! i need an in! and im jealous of all y'all who are in already, u know who u are   "
is getting senioritis   now i just need my justification for it   
 love  8 months!   matt lauer can suck it!!! =p
loves   curling up next to <propfirst> 
stills needs to get in a group for the rollercoaster project   great   
loves   curling up next to <propfirst>  and playing left for dead 
ah the world crashing down on me   
sends her love to her love on k31  love 
finally has her love back! woohoo! i love you!  love 
"has 7 more hours of school left, then medieval times the saint <propfirst>!!!! christmas break here i come   "
is in saint <propfirst> bitches!!!! omg so much fun! travelers or absolutely retarded (and sometimes funny cuz of it) but whatever  this will be the best 9 days ever!
is on her way to slu!!! omg its gonna be so much fun! i so cant wait! billikins here i come!!!  smile 
hey guess what? i got into saint <propfirst> university!! hahahahahaha! im into college! bite me!
"according to greek mythology the first humans were created with 4 arms, 4 legs, 4 eyes, and 2 noses and 2 mouths  afraid of their power zeus split them apart leaving them to find their other half  these people are called soulmates   love "
9 months  love 
ah life is great    love 
so tired  hella crazy week  not over yet   gotta finish my nutrition project still   
hakuna matata
"pretty awesome night with my one and only  not even just pretty awesome, like amazingly awesome! i have so much fun just hangin out and being goofy with you    love "
turned in her tuition and housing deposits for slu!!! guess its official! go billikins!
is thinkin of applying for a job  how weird   
wants to talk to random people  anyone up for it?
changed her language on facebook to pirate  sweet!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!  i got into med scholars at slu!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! omg omg omg  life is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\if we put all our rings together we summon <propmale> norris\"""""
"apparently my great-grandfather used to grow cranberries for ocean spray   i now know why there is currently cran-peach, cran-raspberry, and cran-grape all in my fridge atm "
carpe diem  because you only have so much time to do what u love and to be with who you love  so <propfemale> each and every moment  because you never know when that moment will be gone forever 
someone special's coming home today!!!  laugh 
"happy 1 year anniversary!!! i love you, dude!  love   love   love "
18!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay! time to spend the day with my number 1 to celebrate!
went fishing today!!! yay!!! didn't catch a damn thing but it was fun as fuckin hell!!! wooo!!! (and im hyper!) let's go again! let's go again!
so just got back from the st  <propfirst> sports med competition   got rookie division 2nd place!!!! ooh so happy! congrats to will too! and to nd: 2nd place overall for large schools! woo! go knights!
grr just tomorrow be over already   so excited for thursday!  smile 
sports med trip yay!!!!! to nike factory tomorrow to buy some really colorful nikes then to washington 'til sunday!!! woo so excited!!!  laugh 
is in portland! and coach kramer is driving a minivan! i will remember that forever   
is cruisin to washington  everyone's asleep while i rock out on my ipod so interesting trip so far  just saw nike headquarters   192 acres of epicness  like omg nicest place ever  i wanna live there and legit could  and got nike gear half off with no sales tax! epic trip so far? i think so 
"is back from our kickass sports med trip to washington  so much fun, so many good times, discovered chuy is a little mexican (shouldve guessed by his name   ), yeah it was good  kinda sad about being home and def not excited for tomorrow   "
is at the griffith observatory seeing the magnificent view of la and the hollywood sign 
just got a macbook pro!  smile 
"prom was amazing! i had the best date anyone could've hoped for  will, i love you always  and <propfirst>'s afterward was def not bad either   and i guess that means that graduation festivities have begun   "
happy graduation to us all  smile 
so random question for the masses   do we get the professional pictures that were taken at graduation? and how and when do we get them?
is reading the notebook  thank you <propfemale> luehrmann!  smile 
is off to st  <propfirst> tomorrow! i should probably start that whole packing thing   
can't find her mailbox info for next year   
yesterday was amazing!!!! it'll be hard to top that one in the future  love 
"so my love left this morning to work at camp <propfemale> bay on <propfemale> for the next 5 weeks   i'm gonna miss him dearly but have fun, dude!"
seems to be angrier since will left   anyone wanna do something sometime this week to calm me down?
happy 4th of july! *insert american flag here*
i passed physics! not that it matters cuz i don't get credit anyway but still  who knew?
12 more days!
"got back last night from <propfemale> <propfemale>! kayaked, swam, hiked, did pottery (which btw i found out pottery isn't my thing) and pretty much <propmale> out at boy scout camp with my dear! it was such an amazing e playful erience! i love you dude! and once again, 12 days!  laugh "
11 days!
ooh less than 10 days!!  smile 
9 days!!! we're in the single digits!!!  smile 
8-ish days
thinks she just got a job   
is packing for college   this is gonna be a lot harder than i thought  oh and 2 days!!!
saw the taping of the tonight show yesterday!!! although they cut the funniest part out   if only the world could see stewie prank calling the president   
last day in california today
is in saint <propfirst> y'all and is here to stay!  smile 
moves into my dorm tomorrow!!!
is in the midst of welcome week and is superly enjoying slu!  smile 
done with first college class!
just finished week one of college! woo!
is making a life-sized periodic table
are you ready for some football?!?!?!
"it's been quite a long day facebook, yet not long enough, but more the former than the latter  to think that a day which i woke up as such a happy munchkin could end on such a dull note  goodnight "
wants to party!
i guess the best i can do is to do better
irony of the day: acetone bottle is not protected against acetone
super fun night last night! now who's ready for a fun saturday?
super fun day yesterday at the mall!!! west county mall is beast!
wants to get her cartilgae pierced  anyone know a good place where?
how did i possibly end up going to a school without football???
just did dishes for an hour and a half   omg
happy year and a half hun! i love you!  love   love 
lost her id   awesome   
wanrs to go to <propfemale> garden
just got <propfemale> garden!  smile ]
just finished a chemistry test! omg! yet not so bad   
"you know, shower shoes don't really work so well when the shower room gets flooded   "
just went with will 'tank' luehrmann to mcdonalds and got 50 chicken mcnuggets for ten dollars!!!!
rams-chargers game yesterday = so cool!!! omg and such a fantastic game!! must go to another football game   !
terrific night with the bf!  love  now to get ready for the second half of the semester
make a difference day today!!
fire drill at 12 smile 0am??
feels like she has asperger's   
"dear god,\please stop trying to test how cold you can make an early morning walk to class   trust me, it is cold enough and probably too cold already   please make it warmer   thank you \love, <propfemale>"
sick but happy  was annoyed but now understanding  was lonely but not whatsoever anymore  wasn't sure what was ahead before but can now see the sun so brightly!!  smile 
"i throw my skittles in the air sometimes saying ayo, taste the rainbow!"
omg is registered for next semester! this year is going fast!
back from slu encounter! omg best retreat of my life  sorry k28 you're still awesome but e39 love! ltf!  love 
just grabbed a stranger's ass  i've had my entertainment for the night   
power out in gries  woo 
going to bed  waking up at 6 to finish my history paper  then history and off to milwaukee! thanksgiving break here we come!  smile 
"dear st  louis,\thank you for welcoming me back after the thanksgiving holiday  i had an absolutely wonderful weekend in milwaukee  though it was cold   nothing like shopping at an outdoor mall in a temperature of 0  so your weather is a bit toasty atm but i'm sure we can make it work  thanks again and i hope these next 2 weeks can be great for both of us before i go back to los <propfemale>  smile "
"change your facebook profile picture to a \cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same until\ monday december 6, 2010, there should be no human faces on facebook! \it's a campaign against violence on children "
"finals study day today, stats and bio final tomorrow, chem final on friday, history final on tuesday, then   back in los <propfemale> on tuesday night! in a week! whaaaaaaaat??"
landed herself in an emergency room  again 
is back home after having emergency surgery   omg what a day!
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah it's snowing!!!!
needs fat pants
is about to leave lovely st  <propfirst>  los <propfemale> here we come!
apparently has textaphrenia
got her stitches taken out   
going to disneyland!!!
strangers are just family you have yet to come to know 
woo packers make the playoffs!!  laugh 
last day in los <propfemale>   
"loved being in la, but now it's time to get back to the stl!  smile "
