3f2537955c5d14bd1729b5da89e32c15
looks like everyone on facebook had as great a day as i did today   awesome!  happy easter everybody!
i saw a video on youtube where a doctor says you have to choices in life: you can either be fat or you can be constantly farting   tough call   
"wrecked the car   i'm very lucky to be alive   unfortunately, the car might not be for much longer   i hate careless truckers!!!!"
"i really hope it's true what they say about how chicks dig scars, 'cause i just got a few new ones   "
"ok, i want to have the greatest 30th birthday party known to man   any suggestions?"
cool shows coming up in knoxville: 5 21 mastadon 5 27 <propmale> young 5 30 <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> (at harrah's over in cherokee--see him before he dies!) 7 18 modest mouse who's in?
d'oh!  forgot to get my license renewed today   guess i get to spend a big chunk of my birthday at the dmv tomorrow   awesome!
i'm officially 30   
"this was, by far, the strangest birthday i've ever  had   blood was shed   police were called   and before you ask, no, it wasn't my blood and i was not in trouble "
"sometimes i want to copy someone's status, word for word, and see if they notice "
well apparently i'm the world's biggest douche    do i at least get a trophy or get to make an acceptance speech or something?
machete may possibly be the single greatest movie in the history of cinema   that was almost too much awesome!  wow!
"so am i the only person on facebook who's really, really excited about seeing danzig in knoxville in 2 weeks?"
"apparently, <propmale> savini is coming to  northeast state to give a talk   who else thinks this is cool?"
you have definitely read too much walking dead when you're driving home at night and seeing une playful ected <propfirst> of people out walking makes you wonder if the zombie apocalypse is upon us 
eis anything cool going on this weekend? it would be nice to get out for the first time in ages 
i've decided that i'm going to embark on a career as a screenwriter   my first project: the saw christmas special   who else wants to see this?
my brother in law is now arguing with my 3 year old nephew   the kid is winning the debate on points   
"wal-mart hired a band called \angelface\"" to entertain the 200 \""twilight\"" fans waiting in line for the new dvd at 11 smile 0 pm on a fri   they are playing incubus' \""drive\"" way out of tune and the singer sounds like urkel   no snarky comment can e playful ress how i feel   """
has anyone else noticed that the new facebook is eerily like the old myspace?
"i've got to admit, i liked the way they ended <propmale> this season "
"there's a movie on showtime called \royce\"" where <propmale> belushi is trying to play a badass commando   it's every bit as awkward as it sounds """
"<propfemale> christmas, everybody!"
"well, at least i didn't go to the music city bowl like i'd wanted to   "
looks like i'm spending the night with my mom at the hospital   i nay miss the student teaching meeting tomorrow   anyone care to fill me in if i can't make it?
the doctors confirmed today that mom actually did have a stroke   and they found out it's been at least her third one 
i can't student teach this semester   mom can't be left alone anymore and she has no insurance to pay for a sitter   this just got a lot harder   i honestly don't know what to do 
"mom got to leave the hospital today   now she's a patient in the nursing home where she worked, but they've been very good to her so far   i hope she can make a full recovery "
"to everyone who's offered their prayers and support regarding my mother over the past several days, i just wanted to say \thank you \""  you've been a source of strength in some very trying times and i will always be grateful """
now it's stroke #3 for my mom   that's a hat trick nobody wants 
we actually had a large number of kids skip school today with their parents' permission to attend the grand opening of buffalo wild wings   it's good to see this community has its priorities straight 
looks like another night at the er 
student teaching just keeps getting better and better   
"i heard on the radio today that today is the fifth anniversary of the last time <propfirst> <propfirst> said anything during a session of the supreme court   apparently, justice ginsburg challenged him to a game of quiet mouse and never bothered to tell him when the game was over   "
a new week is here   hopefully it'll be better than the last one 
tomorrow i'm supposed to check my mom into a nursing home   it'll probably for the rest of her life and she's only 55   please pray for her 
this whole <propmale> <propfemale> thing is interesting   everyone cheered when hamilton fired fulmer a couple of years ago after 18 years as coach and a lifetime as a vol   <propfemale>'s only been here for a few years and the reaction's a complete 180 
