36360b5d8a2953485ba62da3780e484f
????????????????
im prolly da only one up at 3 in da mornin
blah blah blah                                                 
2am      blah blah blah
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
that wuz da longest nap of my life been out since 11 smile 0
sumbdy help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!
bad f**kin day sumbdy stole my mothaf**kin phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
really dnt feel like doin dis wrk!!!
i hate midterms
im bought 2 go 2 sleep    see wat midterms do 2 u?!
"black glock, black t, diamonds hella? yellow, put them shells on his back, now they call him donatello!- da joker"
half a sub?! wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"drbsftnhtfrjuykyhuk,dgyjs4eh"
what's on your minds?
"she got dat good good, she <propfirst> <propmale> bad, and im attracted 2 her wit her attractive ass"
im so twisted i wlk in swirls
surf or die! surf or die!
retarded ass niggas get on my mothafuckin nerves
bored
fuck new orleans!!!!!!!!!!! atl niggas
mad as hell at madden
im out
bananas!!!
bored bored bored bored bored bored and bored
i wnt sum pancakes
but real tlk u really know who u is hahaha
can i hit her
damn i feel good rite now    be happy 4 me ppl lol
very upset   dats all
heyyyyyyyyyy! mrs  parkerrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!
let's gooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no phone aint dat a         
i had a feelin 2day wuznt gonna be all dat good
bored
blah blah blah
decisions    decisions    imma have to sleep on dis one
i think i jus effed up
bored
call of duty bitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shud i stay or shud i go    hmmmmmm              
damn damn damn damn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dis person is makin me real upset rite now
im out
so im sittin here and the day is slowly goin by   point being   im bored
bored out my mind
bak to bed i go
damn wat wuz i thinkin lol
delete!!!!!!!!!
ready to go home
headed to da crib nxt week   lets do it
sittin hea  on my space ship listenin to 3peat on repeat feelin hella good   damn its fukin tuesday!!
bout to go bak to sleep
y da hell ddnt atl pick dez bryant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wtf
y da hell are they interviewing <propmale> tebow so fukin long
man y so much stuff happenin wit only a few days left of school
hall 2 110   
bout to start gettin ready to leave dis bit
will be bak in lc in two days
damn can friday get hea any slower
im a nobody   nobodys perfect   therefore im perfect!!!
tired
i feel smart   but i feel dumb for postin dis
im out my mind jus blew a thousand swisher sweets
lakers and jazz enuff said
smmfh   crazy world
wonder watsup for today
man u can tell <propfemale> it get hot u jus be gettin mad for no reason lol
only in <propmale> county can u run over a wild hog    wtf   dumbass animals
feelin real determined rite now
well damn guess i gotta stalker
got a lot to do today   leh go
im madder den a midget wit a yoyo lmao
its officially hot as hell
i firmly believe dat sum ppl serve no purpose in life   jus sayin
lmao jus saw da funniest thing dis gone have me rollin for quite sum time
say wat?huh??lol
bored bored bored
still tryin to give that fuck dat u wnt me to give so bad   fan <propfemale> comin soon lol
wonder y we dnt speak no more
gotta new found craving for pancakes damn im hungry
boston baby! series tied    leh go!
damn dats effed up
y am i not sleep
i bleed green   leh go boston!   place yo bets ppl
nooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wtf!!!!!!!!
i almost crashed my bentley  
mustard
sleeeppppyyyyy
thinkin of a master plan lmao   dis ish crazy man   hahahahahahahaha
man i swear i got insomnia
whoa whea have i been swear i ddnt kno it wuz saturday
don't take life too seriously  you'll never get out of it alive lol
its funny <propfemale> ppl be mad at u over sum dumb ish cuz dey fail to realize u really dnt care but dey be so serious    so i ask   why so serious?
so i jus saw dis guy dat look like dat dude on da first men in black dat turned into da big roach   he wuz coughin and shit and looked me up and dwn like he wnted to try sum shit lol
hella tired
lmao   cleveland fans burning lebron jersey dat shit is priceless rotflmao
oh my damn sum chick almost fell goin up sum stairs   i wuz prolly gonna be da only one laughin
lol the stairs have two more victims lol
wow!!i am shocked and appauled and a lil upset   but 4 sum reason its kinda funny   really?!!???!!!!!!im goin to sleep on dat note
late nite munchies   
shittery   
silent treatment    wat r u nine??thought we wuz all grown ove hea maybe not
silent treatment    wat r u nine?thought we wuz all grown ove hea maybe not
hmmmmmmmmm              
the uppaaaa rooooomm lol
wat da hell   u got da mothafxckin audacity haha imma let dat shit ride tho   i think im too nice
i dnt understand   who does dis shit at four in da mornin plz go do da world a favor and kill yoself
and today concludes the most disappointing week of my life
da fuck?
   
in approx  three hours i gotta get up so y in da hell am i not sleep
damn i luv mondays
damn damn daaaayyyuuuuummmmm!!!!!!!
i jus saw a squirrel lickin a wall
up untill a couple of <propfemale> ago i wuz good stress free and happy now im pissed off to the fullest extent of the word
y wear a helmet when skydiving?   #justathought
plz tell me y da police decide to stop sumbdy in da middle of traffic we been sittin hea for da longest and its hot
wow   jus realized <propfemale> rida's name is spelled <propfemale>rida damn im slow lol
burn one
smmfh at these effing no life having ass ppl its jus sad and pathetic
"<propfemale> griffin: come on stewie, don't be afraid  it's just water, it's not gonna bite \\stewie griffin: shut up! i know it's not going to bite, stupid! what a stupid thing to say  you drown in it you moron! it doesn't have to bite you!"
why do i have so many issues wit my phone dammit
yall saints fans bout to be upset lol
need sum to do
don’t argue with idiots   they will bring you down to their level and beat you with e playful erience 
i take 3 l's to da head   love   live   life and im dead(wayne)
essay and presentation annoyed ong ass day smh
wow!  smh
smh this is just sad at first it was funny now it just sad smfh   lol cudnt help but laugh again aight im done
wth!! outta all da weekends they wanna pick dis one dis ish aint cool at all
fml
damn i got class in da mornin   fuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkk!
np#    good dank
np#   black and yellow
damn i need to stop procrastinating and get on this project
call of duty black ops    the end
mad dis dude in traffic digging up his nose
wats up wit da heart symbol? it looks nothing like a human heart   #random
"1 of the 9 things i hate about everyone: when people say \oh you just want to have your cake and eat it too\""  damn right! what good is cake if you can't eat it?"""
im out dis bit   
you kno u bored when  u go thru all yo old post all da way back to when you first started   smh
cudnt watch the rest of the game but dem falcons won hell yeah now i can sleep
"#2 of the 9 things i hate about everyone: when people say \it's always the last place you look\""  of course it is  why the hell would you keep looking after you've found it? do people do this? who and where are they?"""
"#3 of the 9 things i hate about everyone:when ppl say  something is 'new and improved'  which is it? if it's new, then there has never been anything before it  if it's an improvement, then there must have been something before it, couldn't be new "
man eff dis paper ion feel like doin it i'll take dis zero   sike!!! gotta pass dis bih
"so, eggman is the one behind all this, huh?    lmao"
damn who knew a nigga cud write a six <propfemale> research paper in 2 1 2 hours   shit got me hungry
i think im addicted to 5 hour energy shots
out   
wow smh one thing bout a crazy bish is she will do anything just to tlk to u    sending gifts and shit lmao wtf!!! imma take it tho
now im out for real
"when you throw a rock into a crowd of dogs, the only one that barks is the one that got hit    #stoledatish"
damn sumbdy feel me in im lost????
y i gotta have a late class today
outta here           
went from playin da old playstation to watchin master of disguise   throwback nite lol
how bout dem ducks!!!!
sum ppl are so confused smh
so i gave in and changed da numba damn i feel defeated
ppl makin me feel like im slippin   dey stressing over finals and ish and im chillin we gone find out soon enough
desean <propmale> is dat nigga   #theend
"y da hell dey keep comin out with new fast and furious movies? what more can they do seriously   \my car go fast\""   \"" no my car go faster\""   really?"""
cant sleep? watch american ganster shit go hard
bored af
birthday in a week   smh im gettin old
i want sum chinese food
thanks to all the ppl who wished a happy bday to me really appreciate it
tired as hell but i gotta go   #dammit
seahawks seahawks seahawks!!!!!! i knew they wuz gonna make it a game jus didnt wanna say it out loud lol now i can hahaha
oh shit my boy lynch jus demolished dem saints goddamn!!!!! best run i ever seen
madden or black ops   biggest decision i've made dis week lol
watchin fight club i forgot how crazy dis movie is   on another horrible note da falcons let me dwn not sure i can forgive them for this smh
tired as hell bout to go to sleep
tryin to pull an all nighter imma need a big ass cup of coffee
it's weird that you never know you sleep till you wake up   #weirdothoughtoftheday
guess imma go to bed now
lol wtf wuz that    
well aint dat a bitch   as soon as i open my eyes the bullshit begins smh
so damn bored i wish i wuz at home
up in smoke
it feel like summer a lil bit   #randomthought
bout to get on dis black ops once i find dat bit lol
green and yellow green and yellow   cheeseheads goin stupid haha
wacthin rugby and eating hot wings   ish kinda cool
damn gas high as fuck!
almost got a speeding ticket in sc started to mash out on dey ass till i got cross da ga border    ended up wit a warning hahaha bitches
jus one of dem days where it feel like cant shit touch you
damn i done heard of leaving a lasting impression on someone but goddamn!!! let da shit go   fly away <propfemale> lol
i see now dat imma have to go ghost for a <propfemale> move to another state and change my damn name
this sucks   
damn they finally got me smh
this day succcckkkkkkksssss   if u refer to my first status today u will see i had that same feeling earlier sometimes u can jus feel it lol
bow chicka wow wow   
