1830c7a1840cc2605df11955fe620988
stayed up till 4 am at my brothers house with his crazy friends    
"well im happy my parents are going out so i have the house to myself, but idk what im going to do"
im hanging out at <propfemale>  g's house
now im home and im bored!
is sick of getting  surfing wax in her hair [gross!!!!] its hard to get out too!
is signing out cause no on iz on at nine in the morning
is mad cause her parents are having a dinner party and shes not invited
talk to yall  later       signing out
im going to the aquarium                again ughh
"i just went to american eagle and areopostale, there iz an awsome sale going on and no one went shopping today so no one waz there!"
iz kinda tired after geting a five hour energy drink and staying up till 7 in the morning
"is soooooooo excited to go fishing we are going to drive around the bay and park the boat and go to california dreaming for lunch, get back on the boat and sing im on a boat till it anoys my mom"
iz sooooo bored
is watching the <propfirst> <propmale> memorial on the cnn newsroom channel
is crying from the <propfirst> <propmale> memorial
zoes parents are still watching the memorial reruns                                               
we finished painting my bedroom deep blue ill post a pic of it later                   
doesnt know what to do          
just came back from a baby shower    
iz about to die cause i cant go shopping at all this summer untill i get back from my trip ughh              
iz sore out of her mind from spending 9 hours training for my  black belt on augt 8th
i came home and had to take an ice bath to stop my whole body from swelling up after another day of 9 hours of practice!!!!!!!
just came back from practice and is bored  i wanna go to the movies!
is going to the beach on sunday to get massively sunburned and look like a raisin
iz bored but iz going boogie bording tommorow after church
iz  leaving in 5 whole days to fly to las vegas!!!!!!!!!!!
iz bored but has to wash dishes
was diagnosed wit scoliosis od the mid spina and has to be treateed for 12 whole weeks before she sees any type of slight improvement
im hoooommmmeeeeee!!!! from vegas finnally i had a blast
1 mrs perry-keyboarding 2 mr flinner-english 3 mrs diamond-math 4 mrs johnson-social studies 5 strings 3 [again] 6 mr mariake-science
iz planing on growing my hair to my sholders
just came from walmart where because of the tax free stuff it waz raining old people
iz tired from being in church alday           pastors anneversary
iz tired from eating junk food and staying up till five in the morning       happy b day <propfemale>!
i am literally going to karate tonight to work my butt off!!!!!!
"iz tired, but will see u guys at mtt tonight!"
though mr mariake's class and mr flinner will be very easy
iz listening to paramore
"just worked her <propfemale> off in karate, and iz  also scared because her balck belt test is in 2 weeks"
iz not so happy about going back to school tommrw
school waz interesting       but very boring every teacher had a lechure about his-her class rules and crap like that
school iz tiring and mrs peach [ people know who im talkin about] iz whako
iz bored but got bruised and hit in the face after black belt preperation class last night ouch!!!
craming for mrs johnsons test tmrw aaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!
iz bored
already hates math!!!!!
iz tired and iz about to take an ice bath frrom 5 hrs of karate!!!
"has to go train for 4 hours today,see yall l8ter"
waz so tired she forgot to clean her room and got her allowance taken away for the week!!
"iz exausted from school, to much thinking"
"iz so tired from practice, and drama, and homework        i wish the weekend would come faster      "
bout to head out for 5 hrs of practice      ughhhh
iz bored but got some me time in today     going to bass pro shops tommorow yay!!
iz doing mr marialkes project    ughh why does school require so much work?
iz thinkin bout bible boy           
just came back from a one year olds bday prty
"iz feelin like crap cause shes sick, and has to make a speedy recovery for saturday      "
i am officially a victim of the pre flu symptons        i hope its not swine     
may not be at skool tommorow    iz very sick       hmmm
iz tired az crap and wants this week to be over
fridayyyyy whhhooooooo but i cant party to much!!!  wink 
just bought the funniest parks and recreations episode ever!
watching the emmys!
finishing mrs johnsons crappy homework
about to start karate practice and i hope im not in trouble for being a couple hours late       
iznt very happy wit her parents right now    
"skipped karate, went to the movies and had a wonderful time, and i hope im not in trouble for skipping          "
iz freakin out cause her blak belt test iz less that three dayz away       
going to here last practice b4 being certified     
took here blak belt test today and passed and will post pics l8tr
can barely move shes so sore    
iz missing someone    
iz watching parks and recreations
watching cyote ugly da movie and the soup
haz got to go to bed    im going to columbia 2marrw bye!
went to a house warming party that wuz crazzy and went shopping at the tanger mall
"ironing clothes [ughh], and fooling around on itunes"
"iz extremely mad at someone, and iz going to relive stress at karate practice"
"got off from practice early b c i almost threw up,and iz sick and tired of someone"
gets to skip practice again and iz doing homework uggh   
gtg to bed early tonight  catch yall later
just got done wit math tutoring and iz about to eat dinner
iz trying to cram the unidentified 1rst quarter essay for mr  flinner
cant go to the game  stupid practice  uggh
listening to paramore while i clean    keeps me focused
iz tired and doesnt want the weekend to end
iz tired from that kithcen tour and has to go iron and study   ugh
iz tired and need a break from reality      don't we all need that?!!
"i just had to finish crappie extra credit for a 54 in mrs johnsons, ughh skool iz to much thinking"
"finally going to bed, but i didnt get to study for the keyboarding test"
im <propfemale> happy today both my parents are working and i dont have to do any chores!!!!!
listening to <propfirst> <propmale>      
im heading out to go get some xrays     
sticky fingers movies and 3 doctors visits  its been a crazy day!
ughh i just got in another verbal fight with someone   why does she have to be so complicated        
i just came back from saturday training and i got stung by a <propfemale> while running laps outside       
i made the stupid decision to wait to do my homework till tonigt       ughh now monday iz gonna suck     
"anyone with mr flinners stem sentances, please send them to me in an email       "
doing homework
going to the football game txt me if ur going!
practice dinner homework cleaning    why is life so dificult?
im <propfemale> tired    is it just me or has facebook changed?
goin to bed 
"i went shopping, got my brother a bday gift, and helped my mom cook    ughh what a busy day      "
"just came back from the naval base, and im about to go see couples retreat"
"ii had the worst time at the movies [my brother didnt show up, these old ladies kept moaning; one of them fell asleep and her arm droped all on me     it waz creepy!]"
"fun on the bus, bratty little kids, and a great dinner         ughh what a day!"
another crazy bus ride    but not crazy enough without <propfirst> d         
i totally went blind when mrs sauer and mr thompson were in the play    mr marialke looked drunk     but it was ok    i gtg do mrs johnsons cartoon so i can go see lady antebellum tomoorow night with <propfemale> and jesicca!
"my mom knows that im going to kelseys and to the fair so she tells me to clean the bathrooms, kitchen,living room, and my room, and iron       parents these days   tisk tisk"
i just watched one of the most gay backstreet boyz video and im glad that the boy-band <propfemale> has moved on      
ughh what a tiring day   plus someone iz really getting on my nerves     
im sick of fake ppl     
"im sooo sick, that i cant even drink <propfemale> ale without hackin    "
ughh im sick again      
i saw 2 missoinaries from my church cusin each other out in the parkin lot of my hair salon      that wuz weird     but very funny
ughh im soooooo behind in school work    plus to add on to my misery i have an f and a d on intouch   
i hate it when parents just look for a stupid reason  to take ur phone    ughh
ughh being without my phone iz just tearin me away     im waiting for my mom to maybe give it back     
i busted my lip at practice and had to come home early     ughh and i have to finish homework     
skippin practice tonight cause im loaded with work to do     
"i finally convinced my mom to get me a new pair of sperry's because i murdered my last pair          only one complaint, the new women's design looks like the mens ones"
ughh what a sucky day    but it will all be better bc im hangin out all day wit some of my old friends i havent talked to  in a long time tommarw    
ughh i have had a very boring weekend that has gone by to fast  
im gonna be cooked meat when my mom sees my interum      i hope ill make it to skool on friday   
ughh i wuz right     my parents freaked out about my interums!!!!  im lucky to be alive from all of the yelling i endured   
i am <propfemale> tired     but i plan to teach the little kids class tonight
im very tired from the carnival   and my mom iz going bezerk over cleaning the attics
having a very difficult day    
"even though the day started very slow, it ended up being a pretty good day   "
"finnaly, an actual break!  only thing i gotta worry about is the demo this weekend    "
im bored i gt cook stuff for thnksgivin wit my mom and now im downloading unuseful podcast to my ipod        
ughh  too much food  and too much fun 
holy crap today i had to fight of a little kid from the last american eagle sweater in my size     im soooo tired from shopping!  oh and also areopostale had been taken over by little kids  it was packed today! my stiff of a mom wouldnt let me get some new hollister shirts cause of the smell  how could u not love that smell?
"probobly goin to see the blind side with <propfemale> g     and were putting up the christmas tree, while we were assembling it it fell on me!"
the movie the blind side was so good! oh and we smothered clemson indeed!! ugh now im stuck home doing nothing   
ughh its almost monday     hope tommarow iz real good b c i don't need no crap   
"um   my mom iz makin vinicen chilli tonight   but i have to train longer tonight, that sucks"
watching tough love with my mom   
we were looking through the old yearbooks in ms skows room and mrs  <propmale> actually had hair   back in 2005
"doin crappy homework    why is homework even given? if we cant learn it at skool, we cant learn it at home   "
just got back from choir and karate   and i went to this christmas thing where there was nothing but old ppl   
"cleaning this morning, and latr going to <propfemale> with my friend jannyia white, then im goin to a prty after that   "
"my parents left me home to go see a movie, so im extremely bored"
"had a pretty good day today, im really late to practice though    and my mom is being a little brat  "
bout to study stupid math with my tutor    what a bore
my best friend iz finnaly back home! so we are makin cookies and catching up on things   
"chillin at home today, and im sad because my best friend has to fly home tommarow    "
"just got back from church,and ate dinner,now my mom ditched me and is going shopping  just great"
"just got invited to my brother's ugly sweater party   fun, i gt find an ugly sweater!"
"had a blast at my brother's ugly sweater party  they even put an ugly sweater on their dog, <propfemale>      "
what a crazy day  even crazier on the bus this morning 
"having a weird day  and my parents are denying me a pet,even though my brother had one at my age, thats jacked up "
bored  about to go see a movie and bored 
got <propfemale> keys new album  bored  watching <propfemale> griffin  and bored 
"im so excited, my brother is coming (and bringing his gf) for a get together  and he is bringing <propfemale>!"
ugh  my brother flaked on coming home today  im sad 
<propfemale> freaking belivable      she pisses me off 
"well my brother flaked yesturday, so hes coming home today!  im <propfemale> happy"
just got back from a x mas prty fun 
"going to <propfemale> tomarw, nothing today  besides church and hangin out wit my friend "
well our trip to savvanah is canceled  so idk what im gonna do for the rest of the day 
went shopping and found some hobo gloves at gap  oh and hollister is having a <propmale> sale 
going to sleepover at my aunts house and going to play paintball b4 we leave wit my cuzins 
"doin homework goin to practice later      i dndnt have to teach, yay!"
oh and boise state whooped texas behind last night!
didnt go to practice  doing ms j's stupid facts
going to practice  after homework  and im bored 
countdown to bday smile 0 days
takin the night off  going to little tokyo  then going to watch movies till my eyes bleed with my mom
i havent been on facebk in a while  <propfirst> barkley was funniest in the ski lodge scene on snl    thats funny stuff 
going to the movies wit my mom latr  i cant belive we have to go back to skool tomarw 
going to practice  then gonna watch my shows (abc 7-10pm)
went to practice   then to wal mart  some guy was screaming at a worker for showing him the wrong item he asked for something difrnt i guess 
i pulled ms diamonds grade from a 70 to a 90 in 3 weeks!
bored  and going to the movies 
just got back from watchin the book of eli   it was amazing!
"just got back from shoppin wit my brother, and i found an amazing jacket for 10 bucks at pac sun   thats dirt cheap for pac sun  oh and i saw mr marialke at panera bread "
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: pretty   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best
tutor iz late today  and im extremely bored 
"tired  the pep rally was okay, i didnt want to see my teachers dance like that  then im going to practice as always      "
just came back from kelseys   goin to eat dinner in alittle 
went to applebees wit my parents   nothin else
i finnaly got a twitter     
"on twitter, and i finaly got one and its kinda confusing    "
home    kinda tired
my mom flipped out about the resume quiz       i dont know why
b day: 10 days
"home   i didnt have a good start to the day, but as it went on, it was a litle better"
happy freakin birthday <propfirst>!! best wishes       
oh my god the <propfemale> sykes pants on the ground  parody from youtube is hilarious! check it out!
had fun wit <propfemale> yesturday we wnt and saw a movie      but im probobly not doin anything today
b day countdown: 7 days
home   bout to go to practice my <propmale> is back from <propfirst> and is coming to practice!
"just coming back from practice, mr <propmale> tore his entire bicep mucsle and we ran to ye old fashioned to get ice ,barefooted      i hope he feels better"
"doin mr flinners homwrk    bored, and im actually kinda tired today  "
just got back from practice    yawn  
that cemetary lecture was weird    im celebrating my birthday tomarw!!!
what the heck happend to facebook?    its my birthday today      i just came back from shoping  
not happy my mom took away my lifeline    my ipod
bout to leave for practice   that pottery lady for ms johnsons class kinda creeps me out   
just got back from la carreta for dinner      yawn       
"that potter in ms johnsons class needs to go     its like the <propmale> dust she has inhaled has made her insane, anyway      studyin 4 ms perys test and bout to go to practice      "
"fine, okay, it ''snowed''    idk what the big deal iz about it   "
"home   my neighbors were outside making snowmen at 1 in the morning, go to bed people its just water and dirt frozen together  jk the snow was fun"
"home, went to the air force base and got a new tennis racket   got from practice early, which is rare"
im on piknik editing pics        had a very interesting day  
we got our new uniforms for demo team and they make us look like bumble bees    the bus wasnt that fun wit out the detelli twins     
picnikin pics    yawn
came back from seeing shutter island with <propfemale>   that movie freaked me out! its not really scary idk why its rated r     
"just got back from runnin erands   saw a half bald guy playin guitar and singin, he stunk but i put money in the hat  wink "
does anyone know what the homework for ms diamonds pre-algebra class was?
"home, me and <propfirst> s were phsyco on the bus   at least i knew i wuz   hmm   "
"home, and im <propfemale> happy i get to sleep in 2marw mornin!!! yay  tomarow iz gonna be a breeze    i had a lot of fun talkin bout lamas in math  (courtney)"
"bored,my dad ditched my 4 his best friend    so idk what to do   yawn        "
"home, my brother is comin over in a bit      nuthin else really"
"my brother stayed 4 like 3 hrs and i played wit <propfemale>, i luv that dog  wink "
"home, bout to go to practice      had fun on da bus"
on facebook having another war with courney on depatie old status    good times
"home, and pretty bored   i left my flashdrive in my pants and my mom washed them so, all of my pics and projects are gone"
omgod snl is soooo funny! they just did a hilarious parody of we are the world    
"home, im hurrying to get my homework done so i can watch the finale of the bachelor tonight, ( i know half my besties think im crazy 4 watchin that stupid show)"
"o my god! my flashdrive has come back to life after being washed in my jeans twice, and that means i wont have to do my project over!!!!"
"home, and im not going to practice b c im sick     what a boring day"
sick   sad 
"home, not going to practice again    the bus was funny but we all had to cram onto one bus which was not that fun   "
yawn   
"home, bout to eat some very hot chilli my dad made     no practice, and im finishing my homework early so i can watch the extra special episode of the office (if you dont know why its extra special, its most likely you dont watch the show, jk )"
watchin the community     nuthin else
the office is sooo awesome   
"bored   going to demo team and church latr      the bus wasnt that funny witout <propfirst>, its was regular"
"my mom ran a red light somewhere in summerville that they dont need a light, then she blamed it on me for talking   and i didnt say anything to her       hmm"
hangin wit <propfemale> and jessica      doin our project    yawn    
just came from our first tennis match   the game i playd we lost by 7   but thats okay well do better next time!      about to go to karate practice
"whoever emails me, my email has changed so just ask me for it     "
"bored   my daddy's birthday iz tomarw    hes turning 53     yea i know, hes old"
"oh my god, <propfirst> s and i were lyri-cizing ( lyrics+funny interpretations of the words) on the bus today it wuz so funny      <propfirst> c, im sad u missd it all     "
"home, im sooo happy we dont have any work to do       im sad because <propfirst> s and i cant lyricize tomarw b c i wont be on the bus tomarw    "
really bored     yawn   
home   really bored  seeing my friends txting after church just makes me want my phone back even more   
"just got back from kelseys house, we made her dog go phsyco!"
im being lazy today and not showing up 4 practice     nuuthin else     pass was sooooo boring!!!
home    
"watchin the office, my back is killing me        "
"bored, had no practices      but hug out wit niya      nuthin else"
"bored probobly going to see a movie latr  got my hair all chopd up, and all my mom did was laugh at it        thx mom"
editing a new profile pic     
about to watch the box wit my dad   he finnaly bought his new truck were going to pic it up l8tr
just got finishd watchin the box    that wuz creepyer than shutter island   but not as suspensful
pretty usual day   in math we just sat there and played uno instead of doing our work      
just got done with boring tutoring   and im not understanding why my mom is mad about my report card when it was freakin awesome     
ready 4 friday   goin to the festival wit <propfemale> and <propfemale> after skool 2marw    nuthin else     
does anybody know if we had homework in ms diamonds prealgera class?
"jsut got back from the flowertown festival wit <propfemale> and <propfemale>, and had a blast   they were off their rockrs"
"stayin home 4 a while, some lady at the afb had spiked fruit 4 breakfast and she was kinda loopy      i might get my phone back after 2 whole months  idk how i lasted that long   "
bout to go to practice    pretty bored  i finaly got my phone back
just got back from wal mart      really bored      got lots of work to do
finishing t shirts     had a long visit to chiropractor   so my back is killing me
"home   im sooo happy spring break is right around the corner!   mrs  j's test was sooo  hard, and it didnt help that i didnt even study   "
editing videos     
"had an amazin day wit my fellow coon chasas    (inside joke), took some beast pics with <propfirst> santelli"
watchin 106 and park and the new new boyz song iz crap   its talkin about their jeans
"found like 4 dresses from the loft  at least one should be my 8th grade dance dress, anyway im probobly going to do some boring spring cleaning  sad "
trying to decide weather to go to savanah or chareston museum on wensday     
sick  sad 
found a new guy <propmale> shirt    pretty bored    waiting for @<propfemale> goodman come home all burnt up   jk
hopping date night wil be good
date night wuz hilarious!!!
pretty bored   
i have a buttload of work to do today   but im <propfemale> happy im going to flordia on friday  smile 
"home  gotta pack 4 friday, it will be good to get away from here for a while"
"bac from flordia, had so much fun"
really hurtin  
had a pretty good day  but im still failing ms j's class and ive done 3 extra credit projects    i dont get why
this like thing iz weird  cant they just go back to become a fan?
just got bac frum <propfemale>'s house   my knee decides to hurt when i got home    
sad  sad  just got bac from <propfirst>'s funeral   rip
got a snazzy new camera   
bout to upload a butload of pics from the trip   
tired   
finnaly finished editing imax trip pics   
not goin 2 practice  to much work to do    okay who gives you only 1 4 the study guide a few days before the test   mrs j does  ugh im gona fail her class
so happy its a half day 2marw
had a decent day   just laxin at home  
practice canceled   i dont even wanna go to skool tomarw b c im so tired  sad 
off  smile 
tutor canceld  my mom is super mad i almost faild mr marialke's class  but im soooo happy she didnt take away my ipod even though she still has my fone  
yay   new hot tub just arrived!!!
really sad  sad 
just got back from the seminar  my arms are swollen  sad 
"going to get a hair cut  sad  my hair is short enough, why does my mom feel the need to cut it?"
i am <propfemale> mad  my hair cut iz up to my ears and i hate it
home   still fumed after my haircut  but i gotta get over it   probobly gonna chill 4 the rest of the day
just came from gettin ice cream wit janyia   gonna probobly go to bed early
gmas over    sad 
"just got bac from dairy <propfemale> wit <propfemale> h, <propfemale> d, and <propfemale> and they were phsyco!!!"
bored   probobly practice   i am really tired so i slept through mr marialke's video
really sleepy  of coaurse our hot water heater has to be retarted for a couple of dayz      sad 
kinda tired 
i have the worst head ache from last night  stupid red bull
watchin dukes of hazzard
"my mom spilled an e playful ensive bottle of italian wine, and then blames me for it   that makes no sense"
nuthin   failin math unfortunately
exahsted going to choir practice latr
nuthin    probobly going to lax in the hot tub!!!
"just got bac from practice   <propmale> almost made <propfemale> blind  you just dont do that, dude  shes only 15   "
"chillin  watchin some tube, then going to the tubbb! had alot of fun on da bus jammin wit <propfirst> s "
i wanna see nightmare on elm street so bad!!!
"goodnight, facebook"
probobly just gonna go shopping   might go to the movies wit <propfemale> g 
on twitter  even though i think its pointless
nightmare on elm street was freaking  awesome   the only creepy part is when the kids are getting killd in their sleep    
got my fone back!!!!
i passed by a farm in the sticks visiting family and saw baby cows  now im considering heavily becoming vegitarian     
studyin 4 eoc's    so much fun
going to choir prac latr   had fun wit <propfirst> and <propfemale> h in 3rd today   with the cave and the strange colord frozen waffles    
"home from choir prac  my throat feels like crap,and my mom still made me practice    greeat"
happy   watchin house party  smile 
"i was getting out of the hot tub  and my dad latched the screen door without telling me  so im running in the house, and got a face full of screen door  not fun at all"
just chillin b4 prac     and im wondering why the yearbook company totally screwd up the personalized  yearbooks  mabye its <propfemale>
"really sad that it is me <propfirst> c, and <propfirst> s 's last bus ride together    that is sad        "
going to be doing a self defense booth at the women's e playful o tomorow 11-5pm     so i get to beat up the boys for demenstration!!
"gettin ready for women's e playful o  turns out my mom was freaking out about me being there from 11-5, so i cant stay the whole time   "
the rain was perfect today  i just sat on the deck as i got soakd  it was refreshing    
just got bac from church   was going to bass pro shops but i have to clean! thats not fair   
"i actually passed math    and aparently grades went in on friday, so why are they telling us that we have more assignments?"
really bored this afternoon  i have almost nothing to do    
really tired  gonna go get ready for the awards ceremony latr    
itunes is being so retarted  
i cried my eyes out today    i will never forget rmsa and my friends-the ones i gained and loss    
"sooo tired from the wedin last night  it was so much fun!! good luck to <propfemale> and <propfirst> wit their marriage!! i got a pic wit the usc mascot too! i saw so many ppl that havent seen me since i was like in diapers, i luv my extended family the hayes"
"gonna go to the movies with <propfemale>, her gma, and her gma's peeps   still really sad from yesterday"
got some new tunes  on my ipod  just got bac from <propfemale>  had fun  and right now im txtin <propfirst> and mego
my mom iz making homade peach icecream   yum   gonna be lazy all day long!
"its my moms last day working    idk if thts good or bad    gonna be lazy again, probobly gonna sleep ova at <propfirst> s   on friday   "
scrubs iz hilarious   
now im sick   greeatt
kinda bored   
had a good shopping day with my mom ( tht means no arguments) and gonna <propfemale> wit my best <propfemale> on friday!!!!!
havin another lazy day  these are getting pretty boring    might be goin fishin wit my mom dad and cousin tommorow mornin   
"just got bac frum practice, and i cant go fishin tommorow    but gonna <propfemale> with my capital b best <propfemale> <propfirst> s !!!"
just got bac frum the chiropractors   and i saw a bum with an ipod   
probobly gonna go get into the hot tub   
omg mtv really out did themselves this yr      
probably gonna just lax today     and finnaly convinced my parents to take a weeks vacay at the lake!
how did i get stuck watching grey's anatomy?
my mom ditchd me till two  so i gotta stay home and do nuthin   greeat
finnaly home   watchin cma awards and waiting till chealsea lateley comes on at eleven 
sleepy    watchin house party and getting my hair braided for the trip to the lake   
watching reno 911  tht show iz so funni!
just had the best tiaramisu on the planet made by yours truly    gonna go watch the notebook with my mom   
sleepy for some odd reason  going shopping for my mom's big five-zero birthday gift tomarw    
hmm    
really tired
going to see killers in a bit     
still getting ready for the trip to the lake next week     ahmon's coming ova latr today  
really sore    but going to my mom's bosses house to plot a suprise for her birthday!
going to <propfemale> with my brotha at the beach tommorow  
doing laundry  sad  but going to columbia tomorow! then lake wateree on sunday!!!
reeally sore    
just got bac frum columbia   had some intresting conversations on the bus
not getting the point of twitter   
tired  my moms boss didnt suprize her today but shes still happy bout turnin 50!  getting the last of the packing done for the lake this week goodbye facebook for 5 days!!!!
"just got bac frum columbia had the best time eva  caught alot of catfish tho    my mom got a ticket frum the game warden, my dad almost ran ova a police offica, and i got racoon eyes frum being in the sun to long  "
my straightener broke  sad   might be going paddle boarding this afternoon with <propmale> and my brother!
tired  just got home frum church going to <propfemale> g's in a bit    
doctors  sad 
i would rather watch grass grow than do laundry right about now    
just got drake's new album and its awesome    
i cant belive <propmale> carrell iz leaving the office    it wont be the same    its not like <propmale> iz gonna take ova   
bored    but might be going to see a movie latr
have to clean today    sad  might go see grownups later on   
i just realized lil <propmale> iz gonna be released frum prison on my brother's birthday   
"my parents got crab legs for themselves and my brother, and they \ forgot \"" me! but i had fun at the watr park with <propfemale> and her mom   """
cookin out at my casa today  might paddleboard and watch fireworks tonight
trying to find something to do in <propfemale> for our trip in a couple of weeks
"removing wall paper frum all bathrooms, alllll daayyy loonngggg   so much fun"
crabbin' tommorow  smile 
had so much fun crabin this mornin  bout to watch the collector  
"going into full \ goody two shoe\"" mode so my mom will let me go on a trip w o her         """
babysitting  sad    not my fave way to spend a satruday        
bout to go to <propfemale> g 's casa  then coming home and painting the bathroom walls  
confused     
really sore frum last nite     mite go and get a hair cut  sad 
"mite go see baby <propfemale> at eleven, if the hot water heater repair person doesnt take foreva    "
going to the beach super early tommorw  then going to pic up my aunt then going shopping on saturday in nc!!
just got bac frum the beach  had so much fun! the waves were perfect for paddleboarding!
"mr <propfirst>, ms <propfemale> and lyric just left the house   it seem like just yesturday she was just barely crawling now shes going to preskool      and when i asked her where her daddy was she said with the angels  smile "
southpark fest!!!!= me+kelsey g+ southpark season 1-7
the airconditioning in the karate dojo didnt strt working till the last 10 <propfemale> of class! it wuz like an oven in there! but gonna go get into the hottt tubb      
cleaning my room  sad  but <propfemale>'s comin ova in a bit      
"cleaning the hott tub rite now, but going to get my hair did in a couple of hours"
just got bac frum seeing salt  tht movie was soooooooo good 
cleaning out my closets for goodwill   then <propfemale> g iz comin ova latr    
gonna go watch friday the 13th with <propfemale> then in a couple of hours going to west <propfirst>    
just laxin rite now  going to see inception with my brother later on  
was supposed to b seeing inception with my big brother but since hes so cheap we saw salt (which btw was my second time seeing it)
going to the doctor's  sad 
my schedule iz okay and we went to open my locker and the dang thing took me foreva to open    cant wait 4 friday we are bringin the ville to <propfemale> beach!!!!
so tired   its amazing when you tell your mom you want something they want you to have  they go phsyco to find it    
"going to get my hair did   excited because my new demo team clothes, weapons and new gi pants came in    "
stuck home bc the peeps are at a banquet  sad   but getting ready for <propfemale> beach trip tommorow!!
i luv how after it rains there is always sunshine  smile 
"had sooo much fun with <propfemale> s, <propfemale> h, and <propfemale> g at <propmale>'s and the boardwalk in <propfemale> beach \ do you want some cream with that coffee?\"" haha   editing pics as we speak"""
so painfully sore after only the second day of camp   so happi i got out of going tomorrw for fresman orientation! and im still not happi bout going bac to skool   
going to see the other guys after freshman orientation with <propfemale> g tommorw!
"tired   got a face full of craziness meeting abbi and <propfemale> at arhs, but i had fun         i still dont wanna go bac to skool it iz way to early to be going bac  and im so excited bc the entire demo team iz going to the ymca to do some tumbling tommorw"
"my arhs schedule annoyed 1 mr peebles \2 ms tanner\3 ms emery\4 ms hurley\5 lunch\6 ms robinson\7 ms ledford\8 ms <propmale>    homeroom: fernandez-parker"
"had a blast with the team at the ymca, i finnaly masterd an arial, a full, and bac front handsprings! i also dont wanna go bac to skool      "
2 days left till we all enter the dungeon they nicknamed skool       
"the past three hours were a waste of my time, their money, and a slap in the face all at the same time      "
i dont wanna go bac to skool at all what so <propfemale>!!
exhasted 
im beyond the point of exhaustion    
soooo tired   mite b going to the movies tonite tho 
hmm   
sick sad 
"i need a new fone, and mother doesnt wanna get me one  sad "
so tired  i wanna shoot my english teacher for all this stupid grub work!!!!!
so tired  missin old buddies  already tired of drama  i already hate my english teacher ( ms <propmale>) ughh
im <propfemale> tired of school  bout to have tutoring then laxxin  homework for the rest of the day    no practice  sad 
"i absolutely hate my math class  none of my frans are in it, and everyone else acts so stupid     "
does anyone kno if we were supposed to read chap 3 or chap 3 and 4 of to kill a mockingbird for ms tanners honors class?
having bannana pancakes for dinner   my favorite
do not go see the last excorcism  it is beyond creepy!!!!!
"the top three things that made my day sucky: \1  my english teacher not liking my essay\2  being forced onto the newspaper staff\3  ppl being tards\what a sucky day i had    "
had a mediocre day    some ppl insist on acting like retards
just got home from practice and teaching the little ninja class  why are 3-5 yr olds have to b so dang hyper?
got a sore throat in less than 7 hours   great
bout to lose my voice  and thats not good considering i have to teach a class in an hour  
im tired of 2 faced ppl who have no respect for themselves or other ppl    and its only the third week of skool    
"i know were not in middle skool anymore, but gosh dang! those teachers must think we have nothing else to do but do grub- *cough* skool work"
"had fun hangin at my brothers caytis casa for the first time, and had fun playing with <propfemale>!!"
listening to vampire weekend
"homework  practice maybe  the lady in the front office gave me a \resposability'' talk about not having an id and having to get a temporary """
"i hate when apple comes out with an ipod that is better, and you just got the old one!!!! makes me want the new itouch    "
"i had a very suckish day: i left my id home, i had two annoying subs, and people dont understand the letters n-o "
"gonna stay in and do the l s p: lifetime, snacks, and pajamas"
"going to see lottery ticket with <propfemale> h,and abbi r later  the car wash was boring, and it was <propfemale> hot outside "
"trying to get my homework done, but facebook is sooooo addicting!"
my dad just has to have his day off on a school day! hes takin the boat out without me!!!!!!
its almost friday! only one more day at skool till the wekend  whos going to the game?
"goin to the arhs game wit <propfemale>   im so tired of skool, and drama "
im sick of skool  sick of the lazy ppl in my pe class  sick of the stupids in my math class  i could go on and on      
im exhasted  i am dreading pe bc ppl cannot play kickball  the rules are simple  but im hoping tommorow goes better than today!
"im so tired  today was sooo fun! mrs  tanners sub, seventh period, and the car ride with <propfemale> home was hilarous!"
im starting to realize i like sheltered little rollings better than <propfirst> ridge! its not what its crackd up to b  i miss my old friends  im starting to get sick of all of the dang camoflodge!!!! its like the kids raided bass pro shops hunting section!!!
"school to me at this point is just a prison to hold kids for the entire day so they dont run in the streets like hoodlums    im so sick of camoflodge, fights, and mrs <propmale>  anywho, bout to do her stupid portfolio then practice, then relaxation timeeeee"
im so tired  i wanna just go to sleep then wake up on friday 
ughh  why does school have to be so draining?
"so now my only set of ghetto neighbors are screaming at each other in the driveway  great, this is what i need at eleven at night "
i dont wanna go to skool!
im so tired  but i had a good day today  somewhat 
"i wanna go back to rollings  everything was so much more simple  anywho  science today was hilarious: megan: <propfemale>, my name is not wonderbread  <propfemale>: then what will it be? britten: it shall be nutmeg!!!  that period made made my day just a little better "
im watching <propfirst> timberlakes snl cup of soup skit! its hilarious! 'give it on up to homelesssvillleee!'
"im so tired  but i got choir practice, demo team, ymca, and salon time tommorow  i hope she doesnt butcher my hair when i say trim it "
"im so tired  overslept and missed choir practice, so now gonna go train all day at demo team  im now attemting to beg my dad to let us go out on the boat sometime this week   its not working "
watching august rush  that movie is so cute
im feeling very good today! it is sooooooo pretty outside  im hoping no one kills my mood 
i cant wait till i dont have to mention to kill a mockingbird! that was one of worst waste of time in my life! and ms <propmale> isnt making it any better  ughhh
im so tired 
uggh  now ive gotta haul my butt all the way back to the freaking country to play at the arhs awards ceremony       
"had a great day today ! two naps, a good math grade, fun at lunch, and 7th 8th period class change!!!! bout to make it even better by going to the dojo!!!"
"had a greeat day!!!  gym would b cooler if ppl actually did more than stand around, lunch was crazzy "
watching the season premire of south park!
having a good time on da bus wit <propfemale> goodman!
dragging my tired butt to practice
today was so much fun! lunch was soooo hilarious! bout to take a quick power nap and the watch the swamp foxes beat colleton county!
"had so much fun at the arhs football game  <propfemale>, cerria, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, were physco! but it was fun"
snl is hilarious!
just got bac from janniyas house 
"still mad, but dragging my but to practice in a bit "
yes!! goin to boone hall friday after all!!
so tired   but sooo excited to see my <propmale> <propfirst> santelli and to get everyone back together tommorow night! at bonne hall's fright night!
"trying to sleep in late, but i cant sleep!"
sssuuper excited!!! im so happy i get to <propfemale> with all my besties tonight at bonne hall!
omfg! bonne hall fright night is so scary! the clowns are the worst bc they like to touch  plus the hayride is scary  i had so much fun hangin wit my besties!
"omg! when i say to my hair stylist a 1 smile 0 appointment, that doesnt me i show up at 1 smile 0, and have to wait forever! im still waiting!"
watching whos your caddy  that movie is hilarious
bout to eat some vineson chilli   wink 
"bout to go to the asthma allergy doctorn, and getting a flu shot ughhhhh  i hate needles "
"had a decent day  not going to teach classes, or take class beause of stupid homework!"
"wow,arhs  camo day? thats a contradiction "
about to watch the wrong turn 2 
bout to go see paranormal activity 2   i hope its good
omfg just got finishd watching paranormal activity 2 that movie is sooooo creeepy!!! they cud have done better with the ending tho 
"nerd day was crazzy today! had fun, and dressing up as twins with <propfemale> goodman tomorrow! the only time that i was not happy today ws 2nd period ms tanners class   i  hate  that  lady "
"trying to live without eating meat  its harder than it looks! i lasted 2 days w o, devoured a chicken sandwich at lunch today, and im gonna start fresh tommorow!"
"oh gosh had to teach my old geezer parents how to operate the new cable tv system today, plus i had fun at lunch today "
why cant a half day be everyday?
a leetle tired  but im happy it was a half day  hoping tommorow will be a better day!
im exhasted! practice was rough  got some big news; im testing for my 3rd degree black belt in the spring!
at the dojo making a commercial for wave tv 
left the arhs homecoming early bc we sucked so bad 
easton corbin is ahhhhmain right now!!!
"i have truck loads of hw to do, happy birthday ahmon dewitte mcteer the best brother in the world, weezy is finally free, and life is good "
gettin my hair did  continue to pray for <propfemale> sands as she makes recovery 
"bout to head over to <propfemale> goodman 's to do a project, taste of the town was fun! our karate demo went okay except no one informend me we were wearin tottally diffrent uniforms, and there were no mats  sad "
"a little sleepy  just found out i tore a muscle in my knee, so no practice for me  sad  \watched my frans <propfemale> <propfemale> horan , <propfemale> goodman , and abbi laugh at me for almost having a mini heart attack because i thought i lost my wallet today "
"like my status and ill tell u why, wassup     "
bout to eat some whole foods pizza for dinner  yumm
bout to eat chicken with pasta and pesto  yummm then goin to see due date
had a pretty good day  still sick  sad 
"didnt have a good day  why cant ppl do others a small favor, and act their age "
still sick  but i had a better day
"had another bad day  some freshman need to grow up, seriously  being imature to be funny gets you but so far in life "
"school, ick   but its friday!"
had a pretty good friday  signed up for january powderpuff football!! thats gonna b interesting    
finally uploading the pictures from the easton corbin concert 
im sooo exhsasted  and i feel like crap  but ima smile bc we get out for break tommorow!
just got <propfemale> minaj's new album pink friday  its ahmazin!
"happy thanksgiving everyone!! enjoy the break while u can  bout to head to the country with the rest of the fam (its so country, walmart is like 20 <propmale> away)"
"having so much fun shopping! practicaly had to drag my mom out, but shes enjoying it too "
"<propfemale> tired from shopping yesturday  but i had lots of fun  bout to go to the adidas store, then im gonna come back home and work my butt off decorating the house with christmas stuff  ughh"
how bout them gamecocks? haha lets whip some tiger butt <propfemale>!!!
how bou them gamecocks!!!!
homework   ick
"had tonnns of hw tonight which meant no practice for me  sad  but tommorow is a half day! they are soooo usless, but fun at the same time!"
soooooo sore from practice  but ima put on a smile bc tomrw is friday!!
"so exhausted from the week  just got back frum choir practice, bout to watch some movies and b lazy for the rest of the night  tumbling tomrw wit the demo team!"
haha tumbling at the ymca was interesting   but i finnaly got a good front tuck!
had a great day today  smile  bout to hit the books for midterms 
"why do teachers feel the need to cram information into your brain just a few days before midterms, like its gonna make up for not teaching it  but its almost friday!!! lets go swamp foxes lets show them cane bay kids not to mess with the swamp!!!"
"had a pretty good day  i hope the performance goes good tonight! tommorow is my favorite day of the week, friday!!"
"my prayers go out to fort dorchester and charleston magnet, and the familes for their sudden loss  had an okay day  going to habitat for humanity tommorow morning!"
"studying for midterms, then basketball  1 more week till all dd2 kids r free!!!"
midterms start tommrw     ick
"it doesnt make any sense for teachers to cram information into ur brain, and e playful ect u to b a genius bfore ur exam! and who came up with the idea of a pe, journalism, and orchestra exam!? wow   "
"midterms: stress, no fun, stress, no sleep, stress, time wasted classes, and did i mention stress!!"
"absolutley exhausted! to the point that i was a complete emotional rollercoaster today   but i feel better now bc tommrw is friday!!!!! my besties <propfemale> <propmale>, and <propfemale> horan blow out the candles tomrw!!"
bout to leave for my aunts house till tuesday!! bye fb
pheww! super tired after spending 4 days with my parents fam  i had so much fun tho!
cooking all day long today   ughh
ughhh super tired from cooking all day  but tommrw is christmas!!!
my big brother got me limited edition crayola vans! thanks ahmon!
"what teacher gives book reports over christmas break?  oh   wait, mine do  sad "
going to see the little fockers with my bestie <propfemale> goodman today!
"had so much fun with <propfemale> goodman at the movies!      \zoe-\did u see that? \",1830c7a1840cc2605df11955fe620988,so ready to b 15  febuary 6th cant arrive fast enough for me!
"ughh getting back into the routine of a school day was hard! i almost forgot my locker combo, and totaly forgot my gym locker combo  but seeing my friends again was fun "
 sad  not my best day today 
powderpuff was awsome! were for shure gonna dominate the juniors!!
"rough bball practice, so im watching 30 rock to cheer me up   smile "
won my first basketball game this morning against summerville baptist!
basketball in a little bit  smile 
"ahaha had a good bball practice, everyone slackd off tho which means 25 more sprints on thursday  guess who will b kickin butt at arhs powderpuff and not running sprints?  you guessd right!"
im loving doing absolutley nothing on a rainy day  smile 
3 hour delay for dd2!!!!
"wait, if theres gonna b a delay, wat time do was have to actually b at skool?"
im loving not having to wake up at 5 to go to school  smile 
my dad was so excited about his new greasless turkey fryer that hes outside making one right now and its like 32 degrees!!!
i hope the weather will show mercy on cold little summerville tommrw afternoon bc my powderpuff coach is gonna make us practice outside  sad 
"just got home ugh im so tired! had a good time at pwderpuff, and ran into some old frans at orchestra rehersal  i learned a valuable lesson about going to big orchestra practices: dont show up late or u get put in the very back of the orchestra where you cant hear a single thing the conductor is saying!!!!"
going cupcake tasting!!
"churh in a little bit, then basketball!"
 smile 
my dad called me lil shaq bc i didnt jump for rebounds tonight at practice lol  playing cannan tomrw at six! wish us luck!
"lost my basketball game sad  but we had good defense  saw some of my fellow swamp foxes there, and i saw my bestie <propfemale> horan (aka vick)!!! school tomrw, then powderpuff!!!"
"so tired, and its only tuesday  powderpuff practice tmw  then thursday the freshman will crush the juniors!!"
powderpuff practice was so much more productive today!! except the sophmores were talkin sooo much trash  powderpuuf game tomrw   go freshman!!!
super excited for powderpuff torw!!! all yall ridge kids come suport ur gurl!!! freshman vs  juniors starts the games @ 5 surprise 0pm
"yea, thats right, freshman won the arhs powderpuff competition!!!! and errbody was talkin smack bout us!! we we proved everybody wrong!!!!"
im lovin life  smile  bout to head to church 
"goodnight my fb buddies! basketball bright and early tomrw morning!\-16 days left till im 15!!!!-"
i just learned a new lesson at my basketball game: basketball is not a sport for teenagers with anger problems  lol
"its too cold here!!! like, really, it needs to get warm so i can start fishin again!!!!"
"goin to church, then basketball practice smile "
ughh i didnt know studying greek mythology would be this boring until my english teacher taught it 
"uggh mondays are hard  going to karate for the first time in like forever, by now they must think im dead or something   "
"thinking about my birthday just makes me feel old now  i wanna go back to when there was alot less to stress about  like all the way back to, like, rollings   sad "
"wow  you know your high school fine arts program is flat out broke when you have to play a song with weird instruments, and random kazoo solos   wth"
i  hate  the  doctors  office   sad 
<propfemale> tired  im ready for it to be friday! goin to the blakout game vs beufort with <propfemale> goodman and <propfemale> sands!! go swampfoxes!
so excited to go to the bball game tonight! man ar was lackin school spirit today  
"the drama was a little intense at the basketball game, but the actual game was pretty good   even though we lost  idk where the energy was in the student section! no one had any spirit!"
"<propfemale> sleepy after running around all day  the funeral and burial was <propfemale>o deppressing sad  but i got to see my sick aunt, which was good smile  \-8 days till im 15-"
gotta love saturday night live!
"ughh its an awesome day outside, and im stuck inside doing a stupid essay   fml"
haha i had a funny monday  got a basketball game at seven  wish me luck!
"ughh slack basketball game! my team needs to learn that when u get the rebound dont get happy and run with the ball, without dribbling!!!! fml!!"
im hoping the sports med doctor doesnt tell me im out for the rest of the basketball season tommrw     crying 
"the perfect combination to end my night is me, myself, and a whole lotta <propfirst> <propmale> cds smile "
ughh!! i cant stand when the doctor reschedules your appointment the day of thr appointment!! fml
ive decided to do my english mythical creation essay on llamas (old insider) in dedication to my rollings buddies smile 
"i had a pretty good day today smile  gonna take a quick nap, then i got a basketball game   the fact that one of my best friends is on the oposing team is a little scary to me   "
haha just lost to old fort baptist 26-16 haha and i awarded <propfemale> horan official bragging rights haha
"crazy day today, another wild one tommrw  got a game at 10, gettin my hair did at 12, picking up my birthday stuff at 2, then going to see the <propfirst> ridge step show at six "
my last 24 hours as a 14 year old freshman  ima make these hours count smile 
"feels so good to be 15 smile  i didnt e playful ect anything from my parents, but i got a lg rumor touch!!!!!! this day can only get better and better smile  thanks to everyone for the awesome birthday text and wall post!!!!!"
thanks everyone for all the birthday wall post and text!!! today is by far the best day ever!!!
had a pretty good day today smile  basketball game in a bit 
"it irks my nerves when the reffs arent fair to both teams  ughh  im so ready to play on a sr  church bball team, with ppl my height and size!!!"
"ugh  found out today my basketball season is over, and my karate days are numbered  all thanks to my damaged rotator cuff   thanks ymca  fml "
"ugh  to add to my damaged shoulder tissue, ive got a stupid sore throat\\cold  fml "
"had plans to go see the roomate with <propfemale> horan and <propfemale> goodman, but my stupid sore throat cold got in the way   sad "
finally in <propfemale>! bout to go shop at bass pro shops smile 
"the only reason i dread valentines day, is bc ppl think its cool to go cheap  thats not the day to be gettin those cheap chocolates, and cheap <propmale> bears who smell like walmart "
had a pretty decent day today  smile   i miss basketball and karate  sad 
"so happy its almost the weekend! already made plans, and no school monday just makes it even better smile "
the weather is perfect! its making up for the bad day i had today  im excited for this weekend!
"why did my night begin with great italian food and hilarious stories, and end with more drama concerning the ridge? ughh fml "
hmm  wensday is a half day  im thinkin  watch south park all afternoon with <propfemale> goodman! yep sounds like a plan smile 
hangin with <propfemale> goodman! watching south park and eating eggrolls smile 
had an overall good day today  bout to go to physical therapy ughh
having a pretty good day today! out with some of my besties smile 
im off  i hope for a great monday tommorow smile 
ha only i wud think that being out of sports would give me a break   now im so bored!!
haha i love how my last name on my permit was almost mcreer hahaha but now ive got my permit smile 
had an okay day  why must people be so rude?
"just ruined my saturday night even more  i guess ppl have a hard time understanding that im <propfemale> lydell mcteer and im no \carbon copy\"" or \""look-a-like\"" to anyone """
"on my way to support nabc at the church leauge all-star game, listin to some waka flocka smile "
"just got back from the all <propfemale> game, and i got the individual sportsmanship award for nabc!! and good job to all the girls in the game, yall played hard!"
"just got back from the all <propfemale> game, and i got the individual sportsmanship award for nabc!! and good job to all the girls in the game, yall played hard!"
"just got back from the all <propfemale> game, and i got the individual sportsmanship award for nabc!! and good job to all the girls in the game, yall played hard!"
"just got back from the all <propfemale> game, and i got the individual sportsmanship award for nabc!! and good job to all the girls in the game, yall played hard!"
"well, i got my hopes up to get cleared to play sports from the doctor, and i got 3 more weeks of no sports sad  but its almost friday, which im looking forward to smile "
"this week has been so stressful, but im glad its almost friday smile "
"had a pretty good day  today is my dads birthday!, so im goin out to dinner with the fam in a little bit "
"had fun at my dads birthday dinner last night  bout to go clean sad , then goin to nabc basketball cookout smile "
hangin with jannyia white makin my english projrct and watchin some <propfirst> <propfirst>
watching the duke vs  unc game smile  lets do some work blue devils!
"listining to some lil <propmale>, goodnight facebook smile "
"suppper tired  tommorow ima be volenteering at sonic with <propfemale> goodman, <propfemale> horan, and the rest of the arhs habitat for hummanity kids smile  come and help our poor school out!"
"habitat for humanity fundraiser at sonic with the besties <propfemale> horan and <propfemale> goodman! please come out if you can and help out poor arhs, the sonic we are located at is on dorchester smile "
"haha had loads of fun at the arhs habitat for humanity fundraiser at sonic! \*standing by the road screaming, holding signs*\me-look at that car\<propfemale> h- it looks like it has some sort of syndrome!\hahaha half day tommorow"
had a great day today smile  and i need to drop some money in ulta! im craving new lotions and stuff smile 
people can have such unfortunate lives  just know that prayer can change everything 
"tell me why people had to pinch a sista, even though i wore green!? smh"
"doing chores all day sad  but hangin with my besties <propfemale> horan, <propfemale> goodman, <propfemale> durda, and <propfemale> sands tonight smile "
"had an awesome time at the movie with <propfemale> , <propfemale>, and <propfemale>s frans <propmale> and <propfirst>! saw some good frans from school, and some old rollings buddies smile  and we had loads of fun running around sears grand smile  \*random baby crying*\me: whats that?\<propfemale>: sounds like a baby having an excorcism \hahaha smile "
about to go get my hair done smile 
having an awesome weekend smile 
going downtown smile 
im completley in love with forever 21!!
gotta get off of cloud 9 and come back to reality cause here comes monday annoyed 
"ughh im havin a rough monday annoyed  first some idiot pulled the fire alarm so we stood outside for 45 <propfemale>, then i get in trouble for having two b's  lovely "
so tired  sixth period was the funniest today smile  im also feeling a slack day tommorow smile 
"im completley exhausted  i can already tell tonights gonna be one of those nights where i just do my neccesary homework, eat something, and pass out on my bed "
i had a great day! bout to go to my last pt appt!!! then i get to go back into my usual sports practices finally!
going to practice driving  but after all the mess we all go through in our slack high schools know this: a wise friend of mine told me that haters are just motivaters  keep that in mind 
"ugh packing clothes sad  lord knows the words \pack light\"" are not in my vocabulary! heading to florida tommrow!"""
"sittin in the car listening to kid cudi, playing games on my ipod, wraped up in a blanket  gotta love 7 hour car rides smile "
"its 3:40 in the dang morning, and i havent gotten one ounce of sleep since 2 surprise 0 yesturday morning   yep, im going to be\in such  a pleasant mood today  at this point, i just wanna ge the ish outa florida and come home!!!!!!!"
just got home from driving all over summerville smile  some people  in summerville ne<propmale> to take drivers <propmale> again   
flowertown festival with the bestie friday smile  im hoping it doesnt rain tho 
"just got out of karate class, and it feels good to  take class after practically sitting on my butt and watching the grass grow for almost 2 months     \aha field day\"" friday with all the besties  also a great excuse to get out of 8th period btw  and flowertown festival afterwards with <propfemale> goodman smile """
"extremely exhausted  but im enjoyin life smile  thank god for real friends  bc fake ones only want you when ur doing good, not when your overcoming obstacles "
"im so tired, but im determined to have an awesome time at the flowertown festival tommorow with my bestie <propfemale> goodman!"
"watchin talledaga nights with some theraflu, bc some little germy teenager at arhs gave me a slightly sore throat sad "
"just gettin home  i had lots and lots of fun at the festival with <propfemale> goodman and <propfemale> <propmale>!!! i saw some old friends, and made a little trip to rollings and <propmale> out with ms skow  i saw my girls <propfirst> wilder and <propfemale> cooper smile  and ppl need to remember: weave isnt suited well for everyone  some girls these days   smh"
"this is lovely  its a gorgeous day outside, and im really sick sad "
still very sick  but i know i have more fortunate health than someone in this world smile 
"watchin the kentucky vs  uconn game, while drinkin more theraflu  gotta love being sick sad "
ncaa championship game smile  uconn vs  butler!
looks like ill be pullin an allnighter because of homework  i hate being a procrastinator!
