03eac17a14ac0d04fa825f0e2e72c68b
"u'r looking for something u cant find , if u give it up u'll lose ur mind,there's always something in ur way , but what can u say u'r gonna have a good day  smile "
"in the end, we won't remember the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends"
"this is for last days in the shadows, and to know a brothers love   this is to lebanon angels and the rivers of our blood   this is to all of us, to all of us   so don't tell me if i'm dying, cause i don't wanna know   if i can't see the sun, then maybe i should go   don't wake me cause i'm dreamin' of angels on the <propfemale>   where everyone you know, never leaves too soon"
??? ???? ????? ????? ????? ??? ????? ??? ????? ?????
"dont search 4 love cuz u'll never gonna find it anywhere , let love finds u slaps u in the face n tell u yow bitch i'm here  playful  playful "
"put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour  sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute  that's relativity"
"everytime that i breathe, i can feel the energy  reachin' out, flowin' through, you to me and me to you  wake or dream, walk or stand, you are everywhere i am  seperate souls, unified, touching at the speed of light"
"dream as if u'll live forever , live as if u'll die today"
"not all scars show, not all wounds heal  sometimes you can't always see, the pain that someone feels"
"sometimes people tell u b like me 2 fit in , know ur identity is not in them , y should u measure the world by someone else's design ? , dont let anybody tell u who u r  laugh  u'll find urself in u  wink "
"c'est la vie , take it or leave it  laugh "
"i hold it true, whate'er befall;  i feel it, when i sorrow most; it's better to have loved and lost  than never to have loved at all "
i'll move on baby just like you when the desert floods and the grass turns blue when a sailing ship doesn't need her <propfemale>  that's when i stop loving you
what did the traffic light say to the car ?? dont look im changing  playful  playful  hheheheh
hede 3ashan el computer engineer      what do computers like to eat ?? chips  playful  playful  hehehe
how did the rocket lose his job ?? he was fired  playful  looool
hyde 3ashan ele b7ebo el 5as metle  playful    what did the boy lettuce say to the girl lettuce ?? lettuce be friends  playful  playful  bay5aaa  playful  playful  5asseeeeeeee
what do you get from a dancing cow ??? milkshakes  playful  playful  playful  hehehehe
why do they have fences around cemetries ? because everyone is dying to get in  playful  playful  playful  hehehehohohohohohhahahah funny shittttt !!
"no matter how fast light travels , it always finds the darkness has got there first and still waiting for it"
"joy is just another way of realizing how much pain ur feeling , and pain is maybe just what someone else is needing"
bokra a5er final w b3deen 3otle 40 yooooooooooooom !!!!!!!!!
"iz enjoying hiz \40\"" dayz 3otle  playful  40 dayz  playful  40 daaaaayz  playful  playful  playful """
"one minute i held the key , next the walls were closed on me , and i discovered that my cast stands upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand , it was the wicked and wild wind , blew down the doors to let me in , shattered windows and the sound of drums , people couldnt belive what i'd become"
"nas ben2abel nas w nfare2 nas w mosh 2adreen nensa elle kan ,meen <propfemale> el <propfemale> de meen <propfemale> 7lemsh <propfemale> yom law terga3 beh ayam za<propfemale>n , 3ala zekra sa3at <propfemale> 7asyatna zaman 3aysheen net<propfemale>na yom men el 3omr ele fat w n3eesh m3 nas kano a3'la el nas w ya reet law terga3 bena ag<propfemale>l zekrayat"
"life is not about how many breaths u take , it's about the moments that takes your breath away  laugh "
??? ??? ???????: ?? ???? ???? ?? ?????     ??? ???? ?????? ????? ??????     ???? ???? ?????? ????? ??????    ???? ???? ???????? ????? ???? ??? ?? ?? ?   ???             ??? ?? ??? ?????? ???? ???? ?????  playful  playful 
only a life lived for others is worth living
"i tried so hard not to lose it , i came up with a million excuses , i thought i thought of every possibility , and i know someday that it'll all turn out , i might have to wait , but i'll never give up , i guess it's half timing and the other half is luck , wherever you are , whenever it's right , you'll come out of nowhere into my life , i just haven't met you yet  laugh "
"u can go u can start all over again , u could try to find a way to make another day go by , u can hide , hold all ur feelings inside , u could try to <propfemale> on when all u wanna do is cry , and maybe someday we'll figure all this out , try to put and end to our doubt , and try to make things better now , maybe someday we'll live our lives out loud , we'll be better off somehow , someday"
"let it go , let it roll right off your shoulder ,dont you know the hardest part is over ? , let it in , let your clarity define you , let it slide, let your troubles fall behind you , let it shine, till you feel it all around you , and i dont mind if it's me you need to turn to , we'll get by ,it's the heart that really matters in the end  "
"when the cold hard rain just won't quit, and you can't see your way out of it, when your heart is full of doubt, and you think that there's no way out, you find your faith's been shaken, you take back what's been taken, get on your knees and dig down deep , you can do what you think is impossible, keep on believing don't give in, it'll come and make you whole again, it always will, it always does, love is unstoppable"
the guilty one is not he who commits the sin but the one who causes the darkness
"this is where i lose myself when i keep running away from you, and this is who i am when i don't know myself anymore , and this is what i choose when it's all left up to me , and this is how it looks like when i'm standing on the edge , and this is how i break apart when i finally hit the ground , and this is it hurts when i pretend i don't feel any pain , and this is how i disappear when i throw myself away"
"my heads aches from all this thinkin' , feels like a ship god knows im sinkin', wonder what to do and where is it to stay , these question like a whirlwind they <propfemale> me away , who will i turn to when the day wont give in , who would tell me how it ends and how it all begins , im only human"
"truth is, everybody is going to hurt you  you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for"
"dear agony just let go of me , suffer slowly is this the way its got to be ?\dont bury me faceless enemy , is this the way its got to be ,dear agony ? \leave me alone , just let me go , all blue and cold , just turn around there's nothing left"
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars, i could really use a wish right now , i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish , to go back to a place much simpler than this , and after all the pandemonium and all the madness , there comes a time when you fade to the blackness ,and when your plans unravel in the sand , what would you wish for if you had one <propmale>?"
"he doesn't look he doesn't see opens up for nobody he figures out , narrow line he can't decide everything short of suicide never hurts nearly works , something scratching it's way out something he wanna forget about a part of him that'll never show he's the only one that'll ever know"
ba3da l matare7 meshta2a nerja3 m3 b3d w netla2a wel dam3a l morra l 7arra2a 3m tes2al 3l 7ob l 3'ab bo3don 3m yakol men ro7e meshta2 w 3m 3d jro7e ya nasme la 3ndon ro7e w berjo3ek redde l a7bab <propmale> galma hisham ibrahim mustafa maher alsafarini mohannad haddad miss u guys
<propfemale> my ass  playful  <propfemale> la3ebe bs <propfemale> 7ameer kteer  playful  goooooooo <propfemale>  playful 
"it's not the tears, it's not the sadness, not the fears , nor the madness , some wish for one more try , others simply wish they could die  "
"i'm done with these endeavors, alone i walk the winding way , i'll live to die another day, until i fade away, why give up, why give in? it's not enough, it never is , i feel it growing colder , i knew this day would come to end , so let this life begin , living is hard enough , without me fucking up ,the final fight i'll win, but i will go on until the end"
twilight eclipse best twilight saga movie ever !!!
"intoxicated eyes , no longer live that life , i should have learned by now , i'll burn this whole world down , i need some peace of mind , no fear of what's behind , you'd think you've won this fight , you've only lost your mind"
"all is lost again but i'm not giving in , i will not bow i will not break , i will shove the world away , i will not fall i will not fade , i will take your breath away , and i'll survive paranoid , i have lost the will to change , and i'm not proud , cold blooded or fake , i will shove the world away"
talk to the hand cuz the face dont wanna hear it !!
"i find kinda funny i find it kinda sad the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had , it's a very mad world"
nothing better than a <propfirst> buble song when u r in the mood hope it lasts  laugh 
   
"all night starring at the ceiling , counting for minutes im feeling , this way so far away and so alone, but u know it's all right i came to my senses , let go of my defences , there's no way im giving up this time , and im all in nothing left to hide , im falling harder than a landslide , even if i lose this game im all in , im all in for life"
"in this wake i find myself, losing the will to resume this hell, when every breath is a dying wish, it's hard to follow the point of this, the broken place that i call my home, has deepened the sorrow that i've sown, and i can't erase what's in my heart, i want it to finish before it starts, i've been fading away , i've been waiting on a call, so now i've come to the final sleep, i hope forgiveness is mine to keep"
taking back control of my life
baby steps    
"i need a little more luck than a little bit, cuz every time i get stuck the words won't fit ,and every time that i try i get tongue tied ,i'll need a little good luck to get me by , i need a little more help than a little bit ,like the perfect one word no one's heard yet , cuz every time that i try i get tongue tied , i need a little good love to get me by this time"
"dragonfly out in the sun you know what i mean, don't you know \,butterflies all havin' fun you know what i mean , sleep in peace when the \day is done, thats what i mean ,and this old world is a new world , and a bold world , just for me ,it's a new <propfemale> \, it's a new day, \it's a new life \  for me\and i'm feeling good"
"when you're heavy like a stone , and there's trouble where you stand ,n surprise ne will tell your heart where to go , or make it feel something it won't ,you could rearrange the stars, and make them all your own , but you just cant live all alone"
30-10-2010 a day in history  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"waiting for a sign, praying to the sky , for love to come around so hope won't let me down , shadows <propfemale> on, the light is all gone , sadness calls to me, love come rescue me ,is there a hope beyond this night ?, here before the flames begin, as my passion dies within , as the darkness closes in , i hope the sun will shine again ,bringing salvation to a world on fire"
to 3ayta going to see 7assonaaa  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh 
"hover above my head and call me out , i'm beneath it all , just a thief caught in the red , hands dirty from the crawl , back to unsuspecting victim , waiting on a different view , but it's too late now to change , wrapped inside , holding tight to the memory of light, who am i ?"
"do you know what it feels like to be left behind? losing everyone around you in such little time it's hard to hide behind this frown, when on the inside you're on the verge of a breakdown i've lost everyone that meant the world to me  all i have left of them are these memories i feel like i no longer belong i fake my happiness to show nothing's wrong "
"no matter how many deaths that i die,i will never forget ,no matter how many lives i live, i will never regret,there's a fire inside this heart and a riot about to e playful lode into flames,burn let it all burn,i'm running from the light, running to the night, the quiet silence defines my misery,the riot inside keeps trying to visit me,no matter how i try,it's too much history,too many bad notes playing in my symphony"
"i'm at war with the world,and they try to pull me into the dark,i struggle to find my faith,as everything's slipping from my arms,i'm at war with the world,'cause i ain't never gonna sell my soul,i've already made up my mind,no matter what, i can't be bought or sold"
damn u msn 2011!!!!
ba6a6a !  playful 
