a28c5a75ef0efc73308406904f642c36
on my way to party in new orleans!
having fun little darling <propfirst> club new orleans boubons fu
l
kool met some new friends today
self motivated want stop until i get what i want
at work bored as hell wish 6 will hurried up
taco
32665
slow day
2 hrs to go count down on home sweet home cant wait
feeling tired and about to go to bed hopefully
well time to get up get dress for work today hope its more busier today haha
im in luv with a stripper
1 hrs to go had a great day so far let me be carefully 1 to go
time to catch a movie tonight
hell yeah im off wow time to have some fun
what a night time for walmart now need some items
well time for lunch time to find sumthing good to eat very hungry
2 hrs to go better day ahead
gd night fb
heading to the dentist to get my crown and my cleaning
well got the crown done my first
just left the dentist time to get something good to eat and maybe shop for some new work shoes they getting a little worn out
day started out good its crazy how ur day can go from being good to f=u i tell u
well 3 hrs to go let's see if ity end on a better note
need some sleep feeling bad
i had a wonderful day so far  the weekend almost here
man i luv my job sometimesthe peoples are so wild i tell u
every night the same damn i tell u
just left the movies about to shop for some grocery
"heading home, take shower hit the bed working by myself tomorrow damn i tell u"
1 hrs to go what a long busy day
@ the barber i must stay fresh
"@ work chilling, relaxing and having a gd time"
about to watch knock up after that it should be time to go home hopefully
the real is welcome the haters stay the u know what away
goodnite fb need sleep 4 work tomorrow i hope its be busy
what a hot ass day but @ least im not working 2 day thinkin about running today on the bridge need to lose weight
nice jamaica party but too tired to party
boring boring boring cant wait to go home
just waking up feeling so so
jfhryeuj
lights out fb work 2morromw
i had a wonderful day now its time to go grocery shopping than maybe do some running on the bridge
just finishes exercising! need to do it more often it make u feel so good 
i wonder why there are so many jealous peoples in the world?
up late again going from store to store searching 4 some floor cleaner
i can`t believe i`m just making it home and have to work early in the morning
gd morning fb another day lets see what happened
i am a happy and proud virgin! and dont care what no one think about it!
1hr half to go! hopefully catch a movie ( the e playful endables)if i get off this job on time  or maybe the casino oo something to have fun
the e playful endables kick ass nice movie so far
gd nite fb im feeling sick
had a great night and loving early morning now lets see what today bring
boring day so far! i guess i shouldnt e playful ected much
1 hr to go home sweet home i tell u i learned alot today about sum plps
"well up and ready 4  another week! let`s see how this one turn out! hope it`s better than last week ,"
cant stand nosey ppls at work! especially the ones thinking they run the show!
well on my way 2 walmart! than take a jog on the beach! i'm feeling so much better than earlier 
well back home since its raining on the beach
12 more working hrs to go! than im on vacation! hell yeah its time to party!
running on the so call boardwalk on the beach exercising with my baby brother
me and the beach just don't agree! i keep getting rain on once i leave my car
well guess they took the hint!
on my way to sonic! i tell u i am very hook on sonic nowadays! sorry <propfemale> and mcdonald's!
i need to go to the bank! too tired to move!
well on vacation but it does not feel like it! just found out that one of my aunti had a stroke and a massive heart attack!
well on my way out to pensacola beach and destin  trust me i need this one!
what a beautiful hot day! time to find something to eat!
well just found out my aunti pass away! well @ least she in a better place
well back home! had a fun night! time for some new orleans now!
"back @ work! o how i wish i was back on \vacation!"
had a wonderful day @ work today! i tell u it makes ur day a lot better and smoother when u have tru friends around! but boring when they`re not around!
nice applebee dinner! now time to head home tired as hell 
well 30mins to go! need 100 ones! time to party lol!
well just made it home! had a wonderful night! time 4 bed cant wait till tomorrow evening more fun ahead!
on my way to new orleans! hope the rain stay put!
trying to win some money @ harrah casino no luck so far!
man im having a good damn time! drunll as hell! in new orleans
too drunk to drive <propmale>
well broke my phone! need to get a repair quick!
cool just had a credit check with sprint! got approve for a new phone! 5 days to go before i get it! back under contract again!
gd morning fb! my new phone is coming today hope i luv it! or it`s going back!
gd nite fb! work in the morning!
well three hrs to go! head home and get ready the saints game!
went to sprint and took my phone back and got a new one plus i had to sign a new contract and get a new phone number but i`m loving this new phone
sleepy but can't sleep only one working in the office tomorrow should be interesting!
about to head to sonic and get me a slushes
i am having such a freaking bad day so far! someone please knock me the fl out! maybe when i wake up will be better!
just left the beach! now i'm home bout to hit the in a few! work tomorrow ugh! but it pays the bills ugg!
stood by long enough! time to move up and get what`s mind and f__k u hating ass plps and u know who u are!
i have to get out this house! i can`t take it no more! i`m losing my f kin mind!
had a good time last night! but all good things must come to a end!  hope today be wonder!
"i\ hate the fact that one of my friends that i consider to be one of the \best friend i ever known for such a short period is moving away! i \thinks i will never meet no one quite like her again!"
"well guess my weekend is reck since i got to work tomorrow! i'm so tired of this! but i'm going to make it though \"",2010-09-25 00 smile 8:52""",a28c5a75ef0efc73308406904f642c36,off the next couple dayz and it feels so good! now i'm wondering what ima do today!
tgif! i'm off!
it`s saturday! back to work! uggg
"my girlfriend\ sister just pass away and i had to be the one to tell the mother \daughter that her mother just pass away! it was the hardest thing that i\ ever had to do and i don't think i could ever do it again! at least she\ in a better place now!"
tired and sleepy goodnight fb friends if i can!
bored! but feeling excited about this coming weekend  finally i don't have to leave town to have fun! heeyal! i guess that's how it goes heeyal lol!
i can't believe some fool run me off the road in my car and i couldn't even get the tag number! i'm so lucky! i tell u there are some stupid driving ppls down here!
i am on a quest to get <propmale>! will do whatever it takes to get there as long as it's not illegal!
heading to cruising the coast!
just did my job interview and it went well! just waiting on friday for the next step in the process!
i just pull 9hrs straight on my new job and now i'm sore and have to get up at 9 in the morning for my other job!
happy thanksgiving to all my fbfs!
<propfemale> xmas to all my fb  friends!
about to hit the bed
at work bored out my mind
had a long night @ work last night now off to work again!
