5bf9afb8208135c02cae55b732a2dd41
let the packing commence     
packing complete  moving in in the morning 
my room is now officially a fire hazard 
<propmale> took 11 hours and 32 minutes to check-in my package! wtf
the google is broken 
google is no longer broken! yay!
 smile 
"google chat is down, and the elevator is <propmale> is broken  wtf"
"well, google is fixed  maybe that elevator can get fixed too "
thinks the village was struck by lightning 
emae 350 sucks  sad 
just walked back from ghettobell in a light rain at 2am  swisher was there  <propmale> was on drugs 
"\was at <propmale> wonka's light bulb factory \"""""
"what am i doing on a sunday night after 9 smile 0? yeah, that's right  i'm working in the lab in glennan testing samples that should have been all done by the end of august "
my solution to my emae 350 take home test is 18 pages long!
i thought my day was going bad when my desktop stopped working  then i found out that one of my roommates had his bike stolen  and then i found out that another one of my roommates had his car stolen  i guess my day isn't so bad after all 
vote <propfirst> karnick for homecoming <propmale> and <propfemale> dooley for homecoming <propfemale>!
abortion jokes are funny 
"due to the great village flood of 2009, the carpet in my apartment is extraordinarily wet and, most of the common closet space in my apartment is currently unuseable "
watched the ares i-x launch live 
just did his thermo 2 homework in under an hour  something must be very wrong 
is done with 830 class for the rest of the semester! w00t!
why are the browns on espn and fox?
just finished watching boondock saints for the first time 
finals are over!!!!!!!!!!!
home
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!
is in glennan all by himself 
back at case
"rush phi kappa tau! monday, <propfirst>  11, cici's pizza all-you-can-eat for free! meet at clarke tower @ 6pm!"
"rush phi kappa tau!  tuesday, <propfirst>  12, laser tag!  meet at clarke tower @ 6 smile 0pm!"
go vikings!
quaker steak! 6 smile 0pm! clarke tower!!
mountain dew = the path to being able to stay awake all night doing homework that's been put off by my new found procrastination
"the 2000+ words that i've just written may not be the best i've written, but they were definitely  the easiest i've written   and why did i just finish writting something at 4am? there must be something wrong with me  i've never procrastinated like this before "
"christian <propmale> mohr, you can keep your stupid circle "
i have an interview for a dod internship!
the next person to set the fire alarm off in house 5 will die a slow and painful death 
"so much to do, so little time  i wish that there were more hours in a day and more days in a week "
"its not cool to set the fire alarm off at 1:15am, not cool at all "
damn you case; why can't the internet work?
navier-stokes rocks my world!
i just almosted used the mouse for my desktop in an attempt to move the turn the <propfemale> of my textbook 
why is my econ homework 22 pages long?
productivity for the win!
so i can't integrate properly  this may be a problem 
wednesday's schedule: 2 exams and a quiz    
hoo-rah! phi tau!
"oops, just spent a bunch of time trying to solve for the wrong thing "
"now walk it out  now walk it out  now walk it out  now walk it out  west side walk it out, east side walk it out, north side walk it out, south side walk it out "
hallelujah! i got an 82 on my transport exam!
"encourages all his friends (at least those  able to) to come to phi kappa tau casino night: treasure island friday night, 8pm in carlton   sign up tables  are around   or you can show up night of!  all proceeds benefit some  amazing children, the kids of camp boggy creek   a camp for terminally  and chronically ill children   every dollar helps!"
"phi kappa tau casino night: treasure island tonight at 8! <propmale> commons, do it for the  kids!!!!"
"came home from work today, had to put my dog angus down, and bury him in the backyard  sad "
"there is a velociraptor at my door   when did i enter the \twilight zone\""?"""
let the waiting commence!
"attention all case students: become a fan of qdoba northeast ohio   if they have 500 fans by next monday, they're loading a free entree onto everyone's card!"
"out of town til sunday after 7pm   if you need me, call or text 440 452 8247"
"thank you, everyone, for the birthday wishes"
"has the best little ever, <propfirst> grzybowski!"
1 interview down   1 midterm and 1 interview to go 
1 interview and 1 midterm down   1 interview to go 
"\case democrats take over usg; spending is over budget \"" - case rinard"""
i don't appreciate it when my psychology prof  doesn't answer emails about which chapters are going to be on the test a few days before the exam 
"one presentation, one final exam, and one paper to go "
1 presentation down; 1 final and 1 paper to go
the only thing separating me from winter break is my senior project final paper
i am official done for the semester 
i have reassembled my desktop at home   i'm just afraid that my dog is going to chew on a cable 
i want my senior project grade!
fall 2010 gpa = 3 615!  highest gpa since fall 2008
i'm fairly certain that my lab has gremlins that keep stealing and breaking stuff 
the vending machine gave me a free bottle of pepsi with my mountain dew  win!
i am officially an engr 225 <propfemale> for spring semester 
i just got my flight info from the navy   i guess i am actually going to jacksonville 
leaving <propmale> at 10am tomorrow for jacksonville   i'll be back thursday at 11pm 
back in <propmale>   i guess i need to get my nose back to the grindstone 
"when paying $3,745 per semester for housing, one would assume you would get functioning heat all winter   apparently not at case western reserve university where the heat stops working when its 12 degrees outside causing the temperature in the common room to drop to 55 degrees with no sign of stopping "
the heat is out again!  i'm thinking about starting a fire in the common room 
week 4 completed   only 11 weeks remaining in my undergraduate college career 
so many emails   make it stop 
i hate <propfirst> smalley 
what i learned today:  don't ever buy anything made of fall-a-particle board 
i don't like teaching in classrooms with chalkboards; i end up covered in chalk dust 
is there medication available for senioritis?
first snow day in 4 years   thank you to <propfirst> givens for waking me up at 8 smile 0 to let me know 
english units are the bane of my existence 
in the navy!
2 parking tickets within 21 hours  thank you case western reserve university security and standard parking corporation 
