94de0457134ecc706a7e41ecb1f2085f
yay scooby-doo  smile 
lol! i love the blue collar comedy tour movies!  i'm constantly giggling!
never read the aeneid     it's boring!!!!!!
i need the motivation to work on my sociology paper!
ha ha ha   i love ralphie may's austin-tatious!!!!
poke war!!!!  laugh 
*giggles* poking is so much fun
i have my <propfemale> on my lap  laugh 
anybody know of 3 to 4 <propmale> changes in the character aeneas from the aeneid? lol
sitting in my comfy robe trying to write this stupid essay due tomorrow
woo! the essay that was due tomorrow has been extended to the 9th  excitement!
sweet!!!!!! i got a 99 on my sociology research paper!!!!!!!!!!
i'm excited   i'm watching my favorite christmas special on abc family    jack frost!  i can't believe it was made in 1979!
yum! phish food ice cream!!!!!
"is it may 15, 2010 yet?"
i get to spend more money on school books soon   woo!
6 more days  smile     but it hardly feels like christmas is so near
i should stop procrastinating lol
woo! finished the exam with 3 hours to spare!
"if my calculations are correct, i should be getting <propfirst>'s list again! sweet!  smile "
my grades were finally posted on webadvisor     i'm super happy!!  smile 
i will be so mad if my body decides to get sick 2 days before christmas!
boo being sick
"i have a lunabug on my lap, making typing difficult lol"
let's do the time warp again!!!!! lol
i'm actually enjoying pineapple e playful ress lol
i sang to a surfer at the dinner table because big bird said to and he's my leader  lol
i love <propfemale>'s funniest home videos lol   how can people be this retarded?
not looking forward to tuesday
so far i like my marriage and the family class    despite having to be there by 8 a m  at 5 p m  i get to see what my creative writing class will be like   hopefully i don't get an annoying teacher 
*sighs* my only class today is from 6-9:15 pm   i hope it is at least enjoyable
i hate when people try to be buddy-buddy with me when they hurt my friends   thank god for the delete function 
i've been ready for a nap since 7 smile 0 a m  lol
still excited about my nightmare before christmas laptop skin  smile 
why do i love the movie girls just want to have fun??
grr  i hate having class at 5
i hate it when i really really want to read but have a headache  sad 
i'm trying to figure out how to critique group 1's poems for my creative writing class   i've never been good at this lol   plus i have to write a discussion post for my business communications class   i wish i felt like doing any of this 
why is chicken lo mein so delicious?
go to urbandictionary com and enter your first name into the search  copy and paste the first entry and put it as a comment to your status update 
why does the snow falling look so pretty?  smile 
i really hope that they cancel my class for tuesday night 
this weather offers the perfect <propmale> for some reading  smile 
*sighs* i don't feel like doing my assignment for my business communications class
i should probably catch up on my reading for school
i can't wait for baked ziti  smile 
i hate when i'm sleepy and i know that if i go to bed i won't fall asleep 
i hope i never have to write another literary journal review again lol
i get to receive my take-home midterm tonight
i'm such a dork!  i got my take-home midterm at class tonight   i've been home for about an hour and a half and it is already done   it isn't even due until the 24th 
grr! my stupid mouse for my laptop decided it doesn't want to work anymore
yum! salt & vinegar potato chips  smile 
*sighs* i have a sociology paper due in one week and i am having much difficulty writing it   i hate having to write about myself   it never works 
part i of my sociology paper is done    now it's time to figure out part ii 
woo! i finished my sociology paper last night and got to turn it in a day early  smile 
"in a way, i'm glad for bcc's summa evals    maybe tomorrow night i will get to spend more than barely an hour in my class that is supposed to be 3 hours long "
"i already want more sea shell flowers from the barnegat lighthouse gift shop lol   i will eventually make a bouqet of them  smile   after all, they combine two things i love:  sea shells and flowers"
i'm feeling a little lazy right now lol
hmm   i wonder what movie i want to watch
i really don't feel like doing this one assignment right now lol
"well, my assignment is done     it took me 4 hours lol   i think it sucks so that probably means i did well on it lol"
"?????? o? ???o? ???? ?p???p ?,u?? ? ?sn???q ?? uo ????? o? ?u?????os s?? ????? ?s?? ?"
is it sad that my business communications class is my easiest one but i don't want to do anything for it? lol
yumm    starbucks passion iced tea  smile 
i'm soooooooo excited!!!!!! i managed to get a 100 on one of my papers for my social problems class  smile !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so my final for marriage and the family class took me barely 15 minutes to complete this morning lol and tonight was my last creative writing class meeting  sad   i'm really going to miss my creative writing class
"lol i love the show \world's dumbest   \"""""
"yummmm    i made steak, mashed tatoes and broccoli  smile "
my poor lunabug is going to hate me tomorrow
i'm super happy  smile     my marriage and the family teacher e-mailed me and told me i got a 40 out of 40 on my final  smile   smile   smile   smile    i'm still doing a little dance lol
grrr    i hate how the few times my internet decides to go stupid and slow is when i am on facebook 
hope everyone has a happy mommy's day  smile 
i'm so glad i finished my paper in time   of course it was difficult to do because my lunabug kept trying to eat my pen while i was writing and then would try to lay on my paper lol
yummm     fruit loops  smile 
"\my name is dug   i just met you and i love you \""  lol"""
"true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship     and pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been         repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one"
why is spaghetti the best food ever??
yummm   strawberries  smile 
i am not looking forward to my public speaking class this friday  sad 
i think lunabug knows my feet are ticklish because she keeps nuzzling and licking my feet lol
thank god for the wind today or else <propfemale>'s party would've been extra hot lol  smile 
i love how i forget that i can fast-forward through commercials when i'm watching something recorded lol
i should be writing my introduction of <propmale> <propfirst> gogh speech but i keep procrastinating lol
my cat is crazy!!!! she keeps trying to eat my hand lol
woo! got a b on my first speech and an a on my first quiz!!! my teacher told me that i'm definitely getting an a on the speech i did tonight  smile  and i'm pretty confident about the quiz i took today
i can't believe i have to kill the fly first so that lunabug doesn't go leaping around my room lol
"woo! just had my barnes & <propmale> day with my <propfemale> belly  smile \p s  the fudge double chocolate cupcakes from starbucks are super delicious!  smile "
my cat is trying to annoy me to death!  she just attacked my lamp and knocked it over just because she was chasing a dust particle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
grr   i have a headache and i really need to write my speech   it's on ramses ii and i don't know what i want to say  troubled 
"i just read \the giver\"" in a few hours    how strange lol"""
yum     cheese omelette and tadoes!  smile 
"according to my niece <propfemale>, my mom is \the best mom-mom ever in the world\"" and i'm \""the best aunt ever\"" lol   i even have the notes to prove it    kids can be so cute  smile """
"is it strange that they are playing \enchanted\"" on the syfy channel????"""
i just noticed that i have different friend's birthday on almost every single day in july lol
woo!  got an a in my public speaking class!  so my final gpa for bcc is a 3 859   i feel pretty awesome right now  smile 
gotta love shark week  smile 
i'm kind of glad we are finally getting some rain   maybe now the trees and grass won't look all dead lol
i love how i'm listening to other music but i still have iron man stuck in my head lol
it would be nice to know why lunabug is obsessed with my purse! lol   she is always trying to go through it
"lol my niece keeps asking me how to do things on dfferent video games and i have not idea    i keep telling her that i don't know because i don't play video games and then she's like \why not???\"""""
"hahahaha    i'm sitting here listening to <propfemale> (who's almost 6 years old) going \na na na na na   i won!!!\"" to the video game"""
i'm so glad i'm supposed to get colder weather on my birthday  smile 
i still feel soooo full from my tour of italy from <propfemale> garden and my home made birthday cake  smile 
woo!!!! 1 trick-or-treater!!!! lol
boy i cannot wait for all these campaign commericals and crap to be over with! lol
grrr   i hate when i have a headache but i don't feel like getting off the computer lol   i really should go back to the eye dr and get glasses again
*pokes* to everybody!!!!  smile 
"\life is no nintendo game\""    only eminem can get away with putting a video game reference into a serious song lol"""
i'm so tired but i can't fall asleep!    why am i watching <propfirst> rock? lol
"\i'm mr  white christmas   i'm mr  snow!\"" lol  i'm such a kid but i love watching these christmas specials """
woo! 6 more days!
i can't believe i just had to open my window   my room needs to stop being the warmest room in the house lol
i hope i'm not sick on christmas because i think i feel a cold coming on 
having fun playing with my nook  smile 
why does lunabug think every hoodie i own is hers?
"i know it hasn't happened yet, but happy new year everyone!!!!!  smile "
macintosh apple candle + candle warmer = awesome smelling room  smile 
peanut butter sandwich     yummm  smile 
"\it's so fluffly i'm gonna die!!!!!\"""""
"i just watched the two hour special \<propmale>\"" on the history channel   dr  <propmale>'s speeches still give me chills when they play them on tv """
i think i'm going to be getting an interview for a job soon    woo!  smile 
woo!!! i've got an interview tomorrow afternoon!  smile  i can't tell if i'm nervous or excited lol
so i get a call this afternoon from one of the owners of the company i was interviewed at yesterday   he said he heard from mr  fairchild (my interviewer) that i seem more suited for the position he was interviewing people for   i now have an interview on friday! awesome!  smile 
"here's a task for you  i want my fb friends to comment on\this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this as your\status so i can do the same "
can we skip the rain and just have the snow?  that way it will be slightly easier to deal with tomorrow instead of slush snow ice stuff
getting a little nervous about my interview tomorrow   the funny part is that i'm not too nervous about the interview itself   i'm actually nervous about the fact that one of the owners is going to be the one who will be interviewing me  lol
wooo!!!!!! so i meant to put this up yesterday but i didn't go on my computer lol   i got the job!  i start on monday  smile 
at least <propfirst> white is on tv lol
day 2 was a good day  smile 
fergie is too sparkly for my liking lol
good god! slash playing with the black eyed peas = no!!!!
i'm thinking about getting a skin from skinit com for nook but i don't know what to get a picture of
"\flours        i brought you flours\""  lol"""
"why is it that being at work today felt like a wednesday, thursday and friday combined? lol"
i'm not looking forward to tonight    it's going to be a difficult night   sad 
"like i told <propfemale> owens yesterday, i'll never be able to look at <propfemale> the pooh the same way ever again lol"
i really wish this grilled chicken marinara steamer tasted better lol
i miss my extra hour of sleep lol
i cannot wait till i get my glasses 
i really want to watch the boondock saints right now lol
"ok, this is weird   according to wells fargo, there was a cash deposit of $100 made to my account on friday, march 11, 2011   the thing is, i didn't make the deposit   i can view the deposit slip online and it's definitely not my handwriting   also, i don't even recognize the handwriting "
why does it have to be in the 70's on a day when i have to work?  it sucks since tomorrow is supposed to be in the 50's with rain 
i hate how i don't feel good and it's getting worse because i don't have my glasses yet 
yay! got my glasses!  smile  no i don't have a huge headache
*pokes* to everyone  smile 
i need a nap lol
why is criminal minds so interesting? lol
woo! free fridays for the nook  smile 
i hate the fact that i get such bad sleep  lol  i'm so tired 
"one minute the day is going by fast   the next, it's going be slow   this day needs to make up it's mind lol"
boo 4 more hours
yay!  got my hair cut  smile   no more hair sitting on the back of my neck
may 2 = the end of my first 90 days!  smile 
"in honor of the <propmale> wedding, use your <propmale> name \start with lord or lady,\then a grandparent's first name,\surname = name of your first pet\add the word \of\"" - and the street you were you grew up """
i thought that singing the song that's stuck in your head out loud was supposed to help get rid of it     so why do i have this song still in my head? lol
i got my photo id badge today at work   so that makes it official lol
