9c5fe82c55ad33a717f9701f8d2f07f6
only two more days of freedom  that blows
ugh psych project   awesome
i'm cleaning up cat throw up   not ok    
aleksandra bosniak is bored   please help
we'll miss you zacky!!
mamma mia! with <propfemale> and <propfemale>
i want to go to the bahamas now
let's go to the pool!!
i love <propfirst> supertramp!!
"so if you could stop with the bullshit, that would be great "
rip <propfirst> <propmale>
tonight was pretty great  smile 
i'm really tired  smile   and hungry 
let's relax tonight 
yay!!  <propfemale> and <propmale> are back!!   smile 
off to chicago!!  back in two weeks  smile 
i'm home!!
"after 10 days of sleep deprivation, i had a good 13 hour sleep last night!!  it was great "
wow   i should go to bed   night everybody
i miss my picotte buddies!!
picnic at 3 mile  smile 
"good night to you all   and if me being short is a problem, well then deal with it!!  (i'm talking to you <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>)   smile  love!!"
i wish it was tuesday already!!!!
"yay <propmale>, <propfemale>, and rj!!  love!!"
going up north   be back sunday   call me if you wanna!!   wink 
do you need to go drop some friends off??  wink 
"i miss you <propmale>, <propfemale>, and rj!! put up the pics soon!!  love  smile   love "
yea monkey    lay off on that stuff  wink 
prodigious!!
surgery sucks   adios wisdom teeth!!  won't miss you 
i love you grandpa
i hate ap psych hw <propfemale> much!! aghh
missing the days back in sarajevo   
well just great   i basically wasted the past two days and now there's so much to be done    sorry zacky  wink 
i want to go shopping
rrrr applications  sad 
would someone buy me a burger??  that would be ideal
at u of m right now  smile 
can we just skip to thursday
studying
ap psych    yeahea
paranormal activity  agh!!
soooo sick      sad 
feeling better  smile 
back at school   so much shit to make up now    
zacky's party tomorrow!!  yeahea!!
is borreedddd    
"yes, i celebrate thanksgiving in my country      wink "
still haven't started my hw  smile 
is torn between u of m and msu
i can't sleep  sad   school's gonna suck later    
this project can kiss my bosnian shkhjjhg
finished the psych project!!  woo
still haven't started my hw   oops
borrrrreedddd  
why does my mom always call me by my cats' names??
countdown to second semester anyone??
woke up with a huuuuge bruise on my thigh   hurts like a bitch
ugh f maus
i would rather not write a 6 pg paper
finished pic lit!!!!!!!!!  i have to recover now  
plans backfiredd    sad  borrrredd noww   text me
joy rides in the d make my life
<propfemale> may tonight??
i hate when people you don't know try to become your friend over facebook   especially when they're clearly over 21 and you're still in high school    
physics and pic lit tmrw!!  easy day
ap psych tmrw  ugh   but then i get to go home at 9 smile 0!!
"finals all done, but i have ap enviro hw    wtf"
damnit   i've been gone all day and now i'm home  why??
stupid enviro
planning on going to bed early!!  let's see how that goes  
no hw tonight  smile 
i love when you wake up and your mom tells you she's taking you to breakfast in your pjs  smile 
the most epic night ever   ale pissed and passed out and <propfirst> and me being shady in the garage  
i would have to say the best weekend i've had in forever   laugh 
snow dayyyy!!!!  gone sledding  smile 
"that was the best snow day ever!!  except, what happened to hanging out at 6 smile 0 ale!!??"
thank you so much ale and <propmale> for waking me up  it was great
r i p  <propfirst> <propmale>   i can't believe what happened   i miss you so much   this is the worst valentines day ever      love you man
i saw you on the news today and couldn't stop crying   you were like family to me   r i p  <propfirst> we love you and miss you   love 
to anyone in gp interested there's a bowling fundraiser at premier lanes on 23 and gratiot   $10   it's going to a good cause for an amazing guy   love ya <propfirst>   love 
"if i haven't told you i love you, i'm saying it now   i love all of my friends and everyone in my life   i'll never take a friendship for granted ever again "
"i want to go and see <propfirst> again, but my mom thinks i'm sick and she's making me stay home   i don't want to go to the doctors, i want to go to the funeral home and be there for <propfemale> like i said i would "
actually got to go today    
going to the mirage soon    love 
damn you school
soooo still haven't done my hw   is that bad??
"when a hw assignment says to do one or more of the following, why would you do more??"
i want it to be tmrw like right now
didn't study for enviro    oops
ughh project  
best four day weekend  smile 
8 more days!!!!  laugh 
oooo reflection paper for enviro   staying home tmrw maybe??
finished my paper   not going to school
"almost 18,can't wait!!  presents??   wink "
party with the fam later and then hw   woo
hw now    or later
breaking bad!!!!
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody!!!!  love 
today pretty much sucked ass
going to florida    when??
at a hotel in tennessee      should have been home by now   how the hell does it take 10 hours!! to get out of florida!!!!????  aaaarrrrgggghhhhh  i actually miss gp
leaving   be home way later
"<propfemale> glad to be home   didn't do any hw, but that's okay  wink   screw school"
"i want to care about calculus, but it's just not happening"
this is gonna be a good weekend
ap calc test wednesday   if i get better than a 1    i'll throww a partyy
partying it up tonight before i have to study the whole weekend
i love how i still get hw everyday even though there are just days left of school
more than halfway done with my paper!!!  be done before midnight as long as there are no distractions   yea about that
last full day of school tmrw  laugh   this calls for a party or something
best place to be during a storm: under a teepee made out of wood and branches   got eatin alive out there man
can't      sleep   ughhhoisjfosrrrrrrrr
what just happeneddd
can't fall back asleep   <propfemale>'s party later with 4 hours of sleep is gonna be interesting   i will take energy shots for that shit and crash later!!!
best party ever  laugh   time for another one now
shaving cream fighttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i freaking  love  you
who thinks i should get bangs???
i think a monkey broke my toe last night
jussst waiting around borrred   hair appointment in two hours   yay
bangggssssss  wink 
just got back from chicagooooooooo!!!  love  so much funnn
making invitations finallyyy ughhh
watchin teen mom   woooooo  laugh 
just heard thunderrr  surprise   guess no bike ride for me
i am realllyyy in the mood for some pancakes
what to do for the next four hours   hmmm
i am cursed
i hope that when i wake up later it'll be such a better day
wants to leave nowww  smile 
i'm so glad that my picturemate is nottt working      > sad 
brother <propmale> over for the weekend  smile 
so if my laptop doesn't want to give me back my cd that's cool too
just finished my playlist!!!  i should stop procrastinating     love 
<propfemale>'s partayyy
"neeed to go to bed, but i just can't   boreddd as hell, so if anyone wants to talkk  wink "
required community matters course   shit
passed the exam!!!  who cares if it was the easiest class ever
dad's on facebook now   uh oh!  love 
kid rock concert was amazing!!!  and the woods are not what they seem  surprise   oh and people suckkk
toy story 3  love   laugh 
i do not want to clean
robot essay   grrr
ohhh the day after a cedar point trip     oh yeahhh!  i'm doin the rip cord every time i go there nowww   love the millenium with all the lights on  love 
one more dayyy at home
last minute packing   aghhhhhh
in a few hours i'll be moved into my dorm  laugh 
gettin ready for orientation tmrwww   i neeed to make my bed a loft like now!!!
nothin else to do today   can't wait to <propfemale> with my sis!!!
got my schedule  smile 
first day in a while where i didn't have to wake up earlyyy
wish i had season tickets!!!  so tired right now   
wish i was back in sarajevo   
classes tmrwww  surprise   changing atmosphere and ecological issues
classes weren't bad today  smile 
the saints won by 5   and the line was 5   ties lose   damnit!!!
it's the weekend!!!  <propfemale> miller is staying over   ohhh hellz yea
michigan won!!!
8 smile 0 discussion tmrw      yea
"i don't even feel like going to these meetings, but i really should"
campbell's clam chowder is not that good      playful 
"it's raining and i have to walk to class in a half hour   oooh well, party in the rain"
comin home for the weekend!!!  laugh   party at bpoww's
lazer tag and death at a funeral  smile   pretty good night i'd say
shit!  last minute hw   i wish this weekend was longer
you're killin me chemistry
wow so we're playing with balloons in my atmosphere class
i really liked the blind pig   smile   wish i could have stayed longer thoughhh   stupid team hw!
it's my half birthday  playful   wish i was a bit older though to go to this bored to death screening
thank you very much random ass chick outside that screamed to her friend that she had a urinary tract infection   that was lovely
it's the weekend!!!  love 
go blue!!!  woooooo  laugh 
pretty fucking awesome day guys
"holy shit, 4 fire alarms in one morning   i'm taking a nap"
11 hours of sleep   amazzzing  love 
finally just killed that frickin bug that's been in my room for like 4 days
back in gp   my house is for sale   ???
sooo much hw to do tonight
who wants to be up this early???
"boom, boom, boom, boom!!!  wink "
weekend!!!   love   i'm sooo excited
go blueee  laugh 
amazzinggg weekend  love 
chem quiz and calc exam   awesome
hates when you get screwed cuz someone else fucked up
spider on the walll!!!
longest skypppe of my lifffe!!!  love it  love 
road trip and partyyy last night!  apple orchard with the powells earlier  love   now goin to see black <propfemale> with kellyyy!!!  pretty damn good break so far  smile 
"i wish it was summer again   then i could go to a bunch of shows like saturdayyy, but i gotta study for a chem exam   "
fuck fuck fuck chem exam fuck
just 5 more weeks until thanksgiving break   no biggie
project runwayyy!!!
"dear guys upstairs, nice music   you make me feel like i'm at home across from the people in detroit   fuck you  smile "
just got asked for my panties for some frat thing         
just woke up   latest time at school i've ever done that
it has been a very long night   
just got my markley <propmale> potter voucher!   smile 
volunteer: a person who willingly offers himself or herself for a service or undertaking   fuck you professor   what's the point of volunteering if you're just gonna give me a zero?  fuck food gatherers
i want the next four weeks to just fly by
dinner with the parents  love 
weekendddddd!!!  gotta clean my room now cuz the millers are coming over  love  meowww
party at <propfemale>'s  love  eating pizza in the hallway with <propfemale>   waking up with battle scars and food and drinks everywhere   & i didn't lose anything!!!  felt like the responsible one last night      best halloween weekend so far  smile 
friday i was a pirate   yesterday i was morticia addams   today i'm a college student   fuck
creando posibilidades for women of mexican origin   this is gonna be a long year
"drove around in a truck this mornin delivering food, passed my gateway test, and i'm still a little sick   at least it's not swine flu like last year!!!"
bpowww comin over for the weekend!  love   i should do my hw but   yea
actually done with hw before 10!!!  laugh 
worst night of sleep   
sooo i'm pretty sure i coughed so hard i broke a blood vessel and now i look like i'm from 28 days later    nice
gettin ready to go on another trucking adventure    wooo
guess no one's coming tonight so i can do my paper!  uhhh yay?
"what a freaking ordeal   my room is finally put together, i haven't started my paper   i'm going to bed  playful "
time to start that essay  sad 
procrastinationnnnnn!!! story of my life
"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who perished in the battle of hogwarts when it was under siege by the death eaters during the second wizarding war  over 50 citizens died in the terrorist attack against hogwarts  93% of people won't repost this  re-post this if you support dumbledore's army\\it's <propmale> potter week at markley!  go slytherin!  love "
busiest day everrr
math exam today   whyyy do i have to be sick?!
i feel better finally!!!  and one more week til i go home and see my fam  love 
<propmale> potter tonight with <propmale> bekowies and <propfemale> chrumcake !!!
hp7=best movie yet!  can't wait to see it again   tonight!!!  laugh 
goin out partyin for the night with <propfirst> o'grady and <propfirst> o'grady !!!!!!!!!  love 
three more days   three more days   three more days!!!
grosse pointe tmrwww!  i feel like there's no time to <propfemale> out with everyone i want to  playful 
two classes then home!!!  ahhhgawedhjfahghsdfs!!!
happy turkey dayyy!  christmas music!!!  yayyy  laugh   laugh   laugh 
 crying 
back at school after an awesome break!
needs more of that story that <propmale> and <propfemale> are writing with us as the characters   kind of the funniest shit of my life right now
hates studying for chem exams  playful  ahfodfhdsfsdhsdfh
gonna enjoy this free night cuz tomorrow i have to start a project   yayy   
i hate my eco partner  sad 
this instant mexican style chocolate drink tastes funny
apparently i look multicultural and not exactly what i really am   what nationality do people think i look like???
ohhhhhh what a night     wink 
basically 12 more days til home   one eco project and three finals to go   woooooo
<propfemale>  love   wink 
last full week of classes and i am so not in the mood for hw anymore
one more homework assignment and then study for a week  playful 
owls   not <propmale> potter   chemistry
i  love  sarajevo!!!!(#*@&(&(
taking apart my printer and making it work   black ink is kind of all over me
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status  ???"
yayyy new schedule next term  smile 
gonna hardcore study chemistry tonight   wooo
now that class is over it kind of feels like break already   ohh wait studying   shit  playful 
"happy 20th nog and dog!!!  love  aka mom and dad  smile \\<propfirst> o'grady"
chem exam 8-10   it's not in my blood to be a morning person especially in this freeeeeezzingg cold
one final down   two to go
i had a real breakfast for the first time in weeks with eggs and hash browns and bacon and everything!  laugh   todayy's gonna be a good day
just one more   just one more day and one more final and then i'm home and i can watch sherlock and other stuff and <propfemale> out and not study!!!  no more calculus ever
in three hours i'll be done with everything
been home for a few hours and it's been amazzzzzinggg!  laugh   about to watch sherlock  love  life is good
apparently <propfemale> already stopped by with some presents   good job mom  wink 
it feels good to just be bored
my sleep schedule is pretty much fucked
won't feel like xmas <propfemale> until i see my black <propfemale> fam  wink 
xmas was pretty nice this year  love   i love my family!
"so if i'm not watching sherlock tonight, then i might as well just go to bed"
last night home   
back in the dorm   woo
class for two hours then i'm coming back for more sleeeep!
english and spanish hw already   great second day of class
lunch and dinner should never be so close together like that   blahhhhhh
it's pretty awesome how my ctools isn't working and i have a shit ton of work to do this week
damn you outlines!!!
"j d  salinger, you are my favorite author, but damn you are making my life hell right now"
almost got impaled by an icicle walking to class today
"gpp here i come!!!  just gonna chill out, watch some sherlock, maybe make my dad watch hp with me, and possibly go to a concert   sounds divine"
don't want to go back todayyy  sad   more time to be lazy please
good thing i found out last night that my spanish hw was due today and not friday   i would've been so screwed
ghost   in the bathroom!  thought you ought to know  wink 
cousins are the first friends in life  cousins are there as childhood friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins   even if we haven't talked much lately  re-post this if you have some of the greatest cousins in the world  smile 
i'm done with my english paper and it's actually not a failure!!!  laugh 
finally this dreadful week is over  laugh   zzzzzzzz  love 
i don't think i've done anything this weekend that could be considered productive
<propfemale> mckay is so goofy!  what a great concert  smile 
i have huge problems when it comes to procrastinating   i don't know how or when to stop
"after i go out this door, i may only exist in the minds of all my acquaintances "
it's official   my friends all think i'm crazy now   good       _____________________ 
i hate english class so much   gahhhhhh
nine stories paper   soooooo pumped
finished my paper!!!  i might just cry of happiness
my pda always disturbs everyone in the community center
i need to finish my hw before the weekend!!!  too much shit goin on and lots to reflect on
"i am officially in love with black <propfemale> detroit great show, great night"
totally got left behind at the people mover today   by myself!!!  ohhh what a ride to that amazing red wings game  smile   r i p  <propfirst>  love   miss you   you probably would have laughed your ass off when i got stranded ;p
"just another day, no big deal  smile "
"\i'm going to go paint my nails black or something\""    lmao"""
"seriously, i am the master at procrastinating   probably because i hate my english class so goddamn much"
i am in such a good mood today!!!  laugh 
hmmmmmm someone wrote on my door that i have a secret admirer   ???
mmmmmmadsfdrgerkhp gonna watch a movie and go to bed early for once   maybe
anthropolgy paper=my weekend
"i know it's cold outside, but the reference room in the grad library is really fucking hot"
"put a photo of your pet, no matter what animal, as your profile picture! the idea is not to see anymore people faces until february 28 as to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse! if you are against animal abuse, copy and post as your status "
going to <propfemale>'s tonight!!!  laugh 
28 days later!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 
watching gasland   i am seriously depressed now
"mmmmmmbored, but it's better than being at school!"
write my paper?         or lotr marathon???   smile 
"think i can write a 5 <propfemale> paper in one day tmrw? \duh, winning"
"not quite done, but seriously the fastest paper i've ever written   bs!!!!!!!!!"
and the countdown begins: 30 days of class left  smile 
put this as your status and see what people rate you smile  1  crazy    2  i'd kiss you    3  hyper!    4  jerk    5  i miss you    6  best friend    7 pretty    8  smart    9  dumb    10  i would date you    11  random    12  hot    13  funny    14  huggable    15  amazing    16  loving    17  cute    18  beautiful    19  loud    20  awesome!    21  i love you    22  i hate you
popcorn
leaving all of your hw for sunday is such a great idea  playful 
writing that paper in 5 hours was the best decision ever!!!  laugh 
chem exam   ughhh my neck and head are killing me  sad 
"\check this shit out\""  -direct quote from my english teacher"""
"doing alll of my hw for the week tonight!  gonna be a long one, but when isn't it with me"
happy st  <propfemale>'s day to all from your mexican leprechaun  wink 
fuck! i lost my voice on st  <propfemale>'s day!  noooooooooooooooooooo
laryngitis ohh yeahhh      
er here i come!
meds making my mouth numb
addicted to tea and <propfemale>  smile 
thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone!!!  love 
19 more days of class  smile 
can someone just take over my life tomorrow between 11-2?  i don't think i can handle chem lab   hate hate hate!!!
going home!!!
feel like shit and have to write a paper now   great weekends are well worth it though  smile 
"is it just me   or is standing outside of my room fo 45 <propfemale>+ kind of creepy when i don't know who you are, or what you are doing, or why you are still here even though you know i am in the room now"
should stop goofing around and actually get shit done 
damnit <propmale> yacobucci and ale mcallister for making me wake up three hours earlier than i usually do on tuesdays!!!
