416c77588cdb245721868a110ef42c62
started the new decade watching football because of my older brother 
<propfirst> is the best brawl fighter ever 
just got a facebook!
is looking forward to bso master classes 
waiting for <propfemale> 
is enjoying a night with no obligations 
"8 days, 4 hours, 47 minutes, but whose counting?"
holy crap snow 
this is the best day of my life 
schools preemptively closed  sweet 
no school   again 
great christmas  new phone!
bored  gonna play <propfirst> 
just finished seeing avatar    for the third time  epic soundtrack blew my mind 
doing absolutely nothing all day 
what are they going to call this past decade? anybody know?
watching a very potter musical 
more snow? sigh   
"too little snow to sled, just enough to have to shovel my driveway "
great year  next ones gonna be even better 
go seahawks!
here's hoping for snow tonight
i just watched my brother getting 50 pounds of junk food for his birthday 
bso side by side today! should be awesome 
i'm gonna send the guy who sat next to me at side by side a pack of seltzer water 
e playful ecting a loss tomorrow   
doing   nothing 
trying a grade six solo this year  should be cool 
marching band leader training wasn't what i was e playful ecting 
parents are going to teach me how to study   
"whap and english tomorrow  oh, and wind ensemble "
today i found out my dad has more facebook friends than me 
"'played correctly, the french horn is the most beautiful instrument in the orchestra  played poorly, it is still better than the trumpet \-jasper rees """
just spent two and a half hours in a wegmans  i love that store 
just finished whooping my family at monopoly 
shoveling driveway  sometimes i really hate snow 
"i just realized that the tune to the alphabet song is \twinkle twinkle little star\"" """
snow 
outside there is snow  maybe no school tomorrow? all i have is hope  a haiku
paddle ballin'
this is the best thing to happen all year  except for the whole shoveling thing 
i am quite ready for the snow to stop now 
it's too deep to sled 
school? what school? what is this school of which you speak?
finally! my computer is back and i can resume wasting time 
all state was [insert positive adjective here] 
3 essays to write tonight  thank you nhs and gt english 
"journal done, essay one done  i'll tackle essay 2 tomorrow  now for regular homework"
homework officially done for the night! (finally)
just one 100 dollars from a scatch off  life is good 
i dislike english immensly 
i think we need more rain 
*sigh* orchestra tomorrow 
7 days
just biked around bwi  pretty cool 
<propfirst> <propmale>'s war  great movie 
washington  going all the way 
heartgold  finally 
18 hours of sleep in my own bed 
"very potter musical, soundtrack"
doesn't particularly care about basketball 
got a seltzer-maker for my birthday  its a good day 
"as of of 6 smile 0 this morning, i am officially 16 "
didn't even change out of pjs today
"there is no try  there is only do, or do not "
recipie for awesome: dry ice+anything
straight 1s
does anybody know how you do a works cited for one of the groups?
wind ensemble  ap calc  apush  physics  lunch  health  ap chem  english 
like this if you have b lunch 
"100-year old egg: looks gross, tastes awesome "
favorite pokemon? arcanine 
"so i was biking the ncr trail, and i passed three horsemen   "
"<propfemale> book, done "
roasting chestnuts 
so the rain literally ripped a part of my driveway off   
the j k rowling interview was really disappointing 
"enough with the stupid recopying of the anti steelers status  its not clever, and its not original "
"cool day, tomorrow will be even better "
air force one is such a great movie  it was a stange feeling wanting to kill sirius black though 
"conducter: \can anyone suggest something we need to fix?\""\",416c77588cdb245721868a110ef42c62,done  my chapbook that is 
"26 hours, 49 minutes"
24 hours 
so    first chair 
only a few things in the world are important enough for a status change  one of them is tubachristmas 
"rest in peace, <propfemale> edwards "
how bout dem seahawks  who dat indeed 
seahawks?
"thank you, bcps "
"yeah, school? i doubt it "
"apparently in ohio, only men remove their shirts "
orchestra was interesting 
