2fdba2a2ef150ba0b26d9b27634bbda1
first day of 2011  laugh  hope this years a goodun
agh i hate facebook lol    
playing life wont be on computer for a while bye!
i hate facebook i hate facebook i hate facebook  
hates facebook more so many people    so many comments   brain   shutting down   
wants to know where you learned english  playful 
can't sleep suuuppppeeerr jet lagged anyone else????
is so sleepy     head falling     
misses australia   davviiidddd!!!
is bored agghh nothing fun on this infernal website
misses her australia buds i love you guys!
just wants to wish you well!!
soooooooo tired      agh jet lag   
is not addicted! just bored and misses you guys     sad 
misses her australia budddsss!!!!!!!!!!!! i just wanna wish you well!
"is so bored  all the time  wish we had a plan everyday  that involved all you guys, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and australia!"
is listening to wish you well and missing australia even more!!!!!!!!
is packed up and leaving once again! ill be in lebanon and europe but will tooottaaalllyyyy keep in touch the internet does exist there  and ps- i am not addicted just dedicated to you guys  smile 
"wants to know if <propfirst> lied about the whole \bananas are an <propmale> not a fruit\"" thing   o o"""
cannot stop thinking of australia!!!! aghhhh take me baaaccckkk
"is in rome (yes the one in italy), bored, and missing my australia buddies!! love you guys  love "
heading off to the airport to fly to lebanon yayayay!
is in lebanon cousins are solo cute!!! missing you guys i just have one thing to say   i just want to wish you well!!!!
has been listening to <propmale> for hours  if i hear anyone say elephant one more time i may get violent 
just got back from the beach! sand has the amazing ability to get everywhere
i am a bomb technician if you see me running try to keep up 
chillin wit the family so many people all babbling in arabic    sigh  i just wanna wish you well!
"<propfemale>! <propfemale>! hopefully theyll win tonight, fingers crossed! for all you americans who that made no sense for <propfemale> is playing germany tonight in soccer!! missing you guys more everyday!"
<propfemale> looossstttt d: stupid germans   bunch of nazis   
two cousins gone three to go lol   the cousins that are left all like my brother more so now im boorrreeedddd 
doing fireworks tonight on the roof wit my favvorrite cousin <propfemale> batruny (feel free to  stalk her  smile !!
"didnt do fireworks sorry guys i lied! missiiinnn you!!!! ps- <propmale> im kidding! tooootttaaallyyy joking!!!!!!!! if that doesnt make sense, good  dont kill me!"
just got back from a conference thing met some cool lebanese and jordanian people!!!
to all my buddies at church of christ im sooooo sorry i couldnt come tonight i honestly tryed it just didnt work  sad (( if theres any oher event before sunday lemme know!!! love you guys and for my australia buddies (whom i also love  smile  i just wanna wish you well!
"is heading out for <propmale> tomorrow morning bright and early! gonna be like australia all over again minus my buddies, <propfirst>, & <propfirst>!!! so much time with brothers   might e playful lode   wish me luck!"
is chillin gin <propfemale>! i freaking love it here!!! took a gondola (sp?) ride and bought murano glass!! missing everyone more every second and ill be home soon  smile  i just wanna wish you well!
is going white water rafting today! too bad the weather stinks   aagghhh   almost home!! misssin everyone and i just wanna wish you well!
white water rafting ended up being reeeaalllyyy funnn!!!! our guide was from new zealand (sorry <propmale>) and i met some aussies! today is a big drive and chocolate factory tomorrow!! then im on my way home! cant wait to see everyone!!
"has just survived a 10 hour plan ride with no tv & a two hour delay, but im finally home!   with massive jet lag! if anybody wants to <propfemale> out with me (i know everyone does  playful ) im free every day after today!"
is still very jet lagged (its 6 in the morning!!) and has no plans for the next 5 days  sooo if you wanna <propfemale> lemme know  smile 
thought of something clever and funny to put as her status then forgot it  typical 
just remembered what she wanted her status to be! how far is it from overland park kansas to springfield missouri? its funny how im too lazy to mapquest it but not to lazy to ask you viz facebook  smile 
thought of something she wanted to be as her status then forgot it  typical 
"thinks facebook is stupid for asking me to put whats on my mind in this box   if its already \on my mind\"" why would i wnat it in this box?"""
love is a deep hole you just keep falling and falling and falling   (p s  if you saw the status i just changed this really is whats on my mind  playful )
"is looking for a current duke to marry so she can live in a castle, be financially sound, and be referred to as a duchess   smile  too bad there isnt a website called dukes'r'us "
just had the best two person party ever with her best friend!
school starts in 8 days yessssssssssss!!!
6 days til schooool starts! 6 days til schoool starts!  laugh  *singing and dancing*
is in a bad mood  > sad 
what is fun to do on the computer?? agh sooo bored  i hate facebook > annoyed 
is thinking little at all about nothing in particular
school is in two days ahhhhh yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
want to give a birthday shout out to her bestest friend in the universe <propfemale> johnsonhappy birfffday chicky!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i looovvee yooouuu hope its the best birthday ever!
so the first day of school     ah-freaking-mazing! loooooved all my classes and teachers (farrington all the way!- pretty sure i spelled it wrong o o) and guess what? i burned a cd with one song on it to listen to every morning   wish you well by my man <propmale> fanning!!!!!!!! missing australia and my buds in the middle east but ascited for sophomore year!
to  much  homework  which im gonna do now  smile 
you wanna know whats on my mind? if its in my mind why would i want it in this box? i dont 
people to people reunion? fail! less than 1 3 of the people were there! i am very dissapointed in all of you no shows! but for the people who were there it was great to see you! now to ap euro hw   away!
hates people 
grrrrrrrr
so much homewrk  imma do that now  smile 
weekday sleepover!  annoyed  look at me bein a rebel with <propfemale> <propmale> if her parents say yes   
five  tests  tomorrow  so  many  flashcards    
misses someone
has homecoming tonight! woo? youd think   then your best friend could be a mess (sorry chicka its true and you know it) and your date could break his arm 
<propfirst> hilderbrand* sorry
danced in the same circle with <propfirst> hildebrand at homecoming!
"hey poeple you know the radio station <propfemale> 102? (for all you kansans) well theyre giving away   a guitar signed by <propfirst> lambert!!! sooooo if you friend like them and they get 80,000 likes friends then they will give away this guitar and i want it  so pllllllllleeeease help me out and like friend them  smile "
is working on her hw! or she was before she decided to see if the internet was fun  it isnt 
is bored   sunday night isn't the same without all of the homework i usually ignore 
is so sick  bleh 
's friendship has been requested by a random stranger  does anyone know a dude named <propfirst> clarkston?
is going to worlds of fun tonight and then this weekend is halloween!!!!!!!
is booooorrrreddddddddddd
spraaankles! *hand motion*
is in love with muse!!! it rocked my face off
is gonna go see megamind tonight!! super psyched  annoyed 
then multiply it by                                             six!
is bored    i did my hw this morning  and now   im bored  so bored i changed my status from its prior awesomeness 
has been told to paste how did we meet??? as her status by anothers status so yea i did  smile  please repond i wanna know who remembers  laugh 
if you will ever drown in homework its sophomore year in high school  smile 
"recently got back from seeing <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows, part 1   some of you may be thinking \how is this possible?? it comes out friday!!\"" it so happens my good friend <propfemale> zak won    4 free tickets to see it before it comes out!!!"""
"i throw my yams up in the air sometimes sayin ayyyyyyo im okoonnnkwo\      -best ca class ever"
"just read mockingjay today   i can honestly say it dissapointed me, made me angry, and was one the the worst ways to spend a saturday in the car "
"discovered a <propfemale> in the <propfemale> of her australia journal with funny quotes, a couple being   \it's like jesus in a jar!\"" \""well you can bute a jellybean in half   \"" \""woah woah woah  back  up \"" <propfirst> groban ginther and \""id biscuit spelled bis-cut?\"" \""those are some big bunnnnnnzzzzah \"" <propmale> schugart"""
"finally changer her profile picture, sorry im a little late  annoyed "
got a christmas tree yay!
"is such an idiot! why isnt myprofile pic avatar??????? imm go change it now  smile \ps-for all the people to people people, are any of you considering costa rica? i got the flyer today and it looks cool  i prolly wont go but, just wonderin\pps-im not gonna change my profile picture so just imagine zuko's wonderful face upon my wall  smile "
so uh    facebook changed    ive been spending the past two days trying to find the button to change my status    i found it  smile 
just read every status ive ever posted  any other life wasting ideas?
best  night  ever 
i should be studying for finals    ha! thats a good one   but yet im really bored  im in facebook arent i? i cant get much more bored 
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this"
last day of 2010  surprise 
i love getting on this stupid website after 3 days to find no notifications  love you too guys  *just messin just messin*
*sigh*
second snowday in a row woot woot! looks like theres no ap euro test tomorrow  smile 
4 day weekend yusssssssss
omg p2p people! check your email  p2p is going to antarctica!!!
watching the australian open  definitly missin australia  made my dad eat vegemite  he made a nasty face  smile 
i want a pet ipod  one that runs and fetches and plays music  itll prolly be called the ipod 8 3  get excited 
i  hate  snow  days  but hey no ap euro test  smile  and loss of spirit week days  sad  and quality brother sister time  smile  and loss of pasta bridge time  sad  and then theres the whole snow thing > sad  i hate snow 
<propfirst>'s day  yay?
"just saw the bvnw musical  twas  epicly, amazingly, awesomely, fantastically, fabulous  oh and      i hugged <propfirst> hildebrand!  smile "
pasta bridge is destroying my life   if we dont go to competition because of some frozen water i will be extremely distressed  extremely 
dont you just love finding two other worksheets to add to your massive pile of homework?
the worst kind of work is easy and time consuming  aka stoichiometry which ive been doing for hours  grrr 
imma be 15 and a half tomorrow!
track  need i say more?
first day of spring break  i am so bored 
hey people to people friends! idk whether youre in town or not but if so we should plan a spring break get together! lemme know!
omg its pi day!
the final day of spring break       finally
"so just because <propfemale> black's song is a joke doesnt mean we have to hate her  seriously guys, cool it  she never did anything to offend you, plus i bet most of you guys would get the same abuse if a video from when you were 13 went viral  that is all  smile "
blueberry
in addition to my previous status   blueberry  sad 
