888e0aac5e11f087e9fad4c797e3a162
happy new year
baby zee got here just in time for all the celebrations lucky him
loves her son
new photos of zee
studying for exams
every old is young again but when did everyone young get old?!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a goodnight
baby zee is learning how to sleep through the night everyone cross your fingers   please!!  smile 
wishes things were as simple as when she was five   the good old days
its amazing how confusing things can get so quickly
first day of classes are great as per usual
is thinking about lunchables  mmmmmm
uploaded new photos 
apparently celebrity look alikes think i look like <propfirst> bledel most of the time so i guess i look like me cause i don't see the similarity
new phone yay!!!!
made the <propfirst>'s list!!! lol
life is moving quickly but i think i'm keeping up pretty well 
<propfirst>'s day makes me feel like eating massive amounts of chocolate and watching horror movies in my pjs  go single people!!!!!
wonders what all her choices will come to in the end
doesnt understand the assignment so cant write her paper ahhh
totally smiling reminiscing and remembering old times memories are sweet
sorry you'll couldn't comment my pics fixed it now  smile 
is everyone sick   ?!
mmm pizza!!!
"\only with the lord is there peace and love\"""""
frustrated
apparently my phone got wet hmm    new phone means no <propfirst> wah!!!
happy st patricks day
things always get better
life can be good
hmmness
some things must be left behind in order to progress yourself
facebook hmm was a good idea til i realized nothing happens on here
i am a new person
all my prayers are on your stomach!!!
lovin it
sitting here with a bad cigarette wishing i had money for a better one
new job at jims rocks
is it ever different?
why do people idk add me lol makes me wonder if i am noticed more than i think
smiling faces
feeling woozy
love sucks even when its good
confused
i realized today that i wont ever not be yours
crappy 48 hours finally home yay!!!
tired out of my mind!!! work was slow
what can i say except yes
hellsing ultimate kicks ass
can i just say that brownies are incredible
jealous of someone whos jealous of me   great im a loser
1st day and im beat five classes back to back uh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i feel hurt by him even though he isnt doing anything    
god damn im glad i didnt make that mistake
wow i am a fool
tired of trying with him
this sucks
god i wish i had a car a good time could be gone  if i dont get one!!
he isnt in my or z's life   what did i do? i should of never of even let him in my life   now z is gonna pay    
tired!!
its when im alone that my mind wont shutup
wow just got up feeling kinda lazy damn hmwk
thanks <propfirst>
a new way of looking at things
yay going to my parents til tomorrow   i could use a small time away
if i crush on my good friend is that bad?
i made a blog on blog com called life's aa permanent roller coaster check it out sometime
wowness!!!
ouchness bio exam i feel so lost in bio!!
seems like everyone has someone to console them   
praying for guidance
dating is so confusing
men suck!
took some photos with a guy super excited what you think of that one?
to much on my mind to share even
i find myself sitting in a lonely spot again   i miss them 
<propmale> is <propmale> lol
great day!!!
back at moms
going out tonight with <propfirst> <propmale> and <propmale>
looking forward
thank god im home from work
feel rejuvenated by fun at the arcade with <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfemale> 
uh i need to get my days and nights right waking up at four and going to bed at seven so isn't okay with me
freezing my tatas off brrr
god damn being 90 pounds in 20 degree weather!!!!
work work work work   i wanna play!!!!!!
everyone says i need a tattoo i got two though one looks like shit and the other is never seen   hmm guess i know why people keep saying i need one
praying i make millions   aware i'll be lucky if i make $20  wish me luck!!
woohoo $80 on a monday!!! i beasted!!! lol
muching on bagel bites mmm 
peaceful sleep   damn sun!!!
midnight munchies
trying to make million
grr i wish she would get out of my business
shes dating him? hes living with her? shes calling for what? omg everything and everyone is everywhere!!
its been a long night but i made good money and i am ready for another very long night   i think 
i feel like i am always working   off to work 
just got home from the hospital stupid stupid health 
sometimes    
what would you say if i asked you to be my <propfirst> lol
if you wanna do something tonight hit me up 970 4278
"\im sorry maam you had five hours to cancel your membership that was adequate time for you to cancel this account thank you\""   click"""
showering has always been a great way to start the day   even if i am starting at three pm  =p
reality is <propfemale> is a bitch
long day trying to find a ride to work
too down lately i think i am gonna fly a kite!!
shows how little my cousin knows me i so would run around in a mascot outfit 
"have love, will travel  hehe here i come <propfirst>!!!!! text me if you wanna talk (210)970-4278"
baby has chicken pox trip canceled  mom might go but looks like i am trapped at home with no car no work no plans and no $  wah
watching old movies with my mom who is tired as hell from being sick zach who has chicken pox and me the only healthy one   shit!!!!
thank god for good people id die without them
feeling really bad about a big mistake!!! so sorry!!!
baby boy double sick flu and chicken pox    this week hasn't been easy for him  but he is so cute and cuddly  smile 
i just found out someone i went to high school with is dead   scary ass place earth is 
addison lozano your my hero lol
bad moods always get better with good people by your side  thanks 
waking up with too little sleep to someone looking at my house damn moving!!
now that the strangers are out of my house goodnight all
up to early if youll wanna chill call or text me 9704278
i went to a strip club for the first time and got tipped for standing there 
"if i want sex i can find it, someone actually interested in me    more rare   sad "
ahhhhh wanna chill plz text or call me 2109704278
the view at the tower of americas is beautiful!
drove all the way to san <propmale> to pick up my new car only to discover the guy is a liar       still carless 
work again tonight pray i make millions of bucks lol
sometimes good things end for this one i cry and say i will always be your bff much love!
questioning what the next move is
im in so much pain
i have chicken pox   again  damn 
i have never been so openly used by a guy until now i feel like a whore   
finally walking around again  thank god i was so stir crazy 
"men are so confusing, women are even worse "
i realized last night talking to my mom that there's no way to please everyone    just wish i could stop hearing about it 
my laptop works again i feel free as a bird thank the lord!!!!
im a monkey   april fools =p
interview at 1 and work from 5-11 for sure going out after that hellish day
might be getting a car today
i am not learning spanish to get a job in <propfemale>!
"ahhhh what the heck  poke me if you ever had a crush on me, like this status if you think im a good friend, message me a '?' if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on this if we have had good memories  now lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status "
ever have one of those nights where you know you are being a huge idiot yet cant stop    oive that was so my night last night   im a tard 
i have to take a 3 hours bus ride please please please text me 2109704278
sometimes i wish things were totally different 
"if your mom is a hardworking woman, is your hero, helped you no matter of how bad you were or what kinda trouble you were in or was just the best mom ever, if you still have her or even if she is your angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mother  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one mom  ?"
so glad the drama with my ex is over maybe now a better man will come along to rock my world lol  =p
if anyone has any idea how i can make a quick $1500 please throw it my way 
pretty sure im losing my job wed happy birthday <propfemale>   
"\you grow up the day you have your first real laugh   at yourself \"" -ethal barrymore"""
booya so changed boring facebook into fun zombie cats lol
1 hour
sometimes i feel like i am freshly single but with my bday so close it feels like its been forever   
my boss fired me because i called fri to say i wouldnt be at work fri or sat and that counts as a no show on sat  fuck jims 
trapped at home wishing i could go somewhere so that at 12 i could get my first drink
going to the <propfemale> pub at 12 to buy my first drink yay for bdays!!!!
its my birthday ill cry if i want to   o shit i don't wanna cry 
so far my bday has rocked hope it keeps getting better
dinner with family then out drinking if u wanna join 2109704278
going to jiggers around 9 or 930 anyone can join
happy easter to everyone!!!!
great day
i left my phone where i was hanging  so if you hit me up and i don't answer i'm sorry  i should get it back around noon 
"i am so fucking sick of men and their penis' trying to tell me what to do! one more guy tries to use his \loving\"" me to get in my pants i am gonna castrate him """
the stars look beautiful tonight
sometimes i make myself look retarded and all i can do is the v8 smack on the head  good gracious i'm silly 
today i am busy doing a whole lot of nothing!!!!!!!
i have a few tobacco pipes if anyone wants to buy them hit me up at 2109704278
tomorrow is my first day on the new job  eeeeeek i'm nervous 
