f1ce22a57a366f19176ac82fe02dc9c1
not at the table <propfirst>!
"mabye in one hour life does change, but i know im still going to be the same nerdy and strange kid, but it is a new decade smile "
2010!!!!!
"it is 10 days, 4 hours, 50 minutes and 28 seconds until tuesday, january 12,"
is wondering when the real summer weather starts and the spring weather ends
ninety eight percent of drivers hit ice on the road and say oh crap the other two percent are from indiana and say hold my beer and watch this
if you watch the ring and get a phone call after it is finished does it scare you or do you pick up the phone and say wrong number
is <propfirst> holmes
ubi dubium ibi libertas
"poll-  in a three ways brawl who would win in a fight <propmale> <propmale>, <propmale> <propfirst>, or god?"
"random thought about the show dog the bounty <propmale>- if a non cop or law official looking like that came into my neighborhood someone would call the police on him,and i wonder if he in return could be put under a citizens arrest for impersonating an offic"
"wonders what else lies in the future(after school), im ready for surprises and hopes for a good one "
"finally <propmale> year, this time i want to stay busy"
well had a good time yesterday but not to self dont leave phone in pocket when you get in the pool
halloween tonight hope its a good one im not into disapointing thrillers
broke the east physics knuts stacking record with 34!
"one day life will call upon you to be strong either for yourself or a friend, will you be ready?"
wow     am  studies might keep me busy this year
"in the town where i was born , lived a man who sailed to sea, and he told us of his life in the land of submarines, so we sailed unto the sun, til we found the sea of green, and we lived beneath the waves, in our yellow submarine"
"christ you know it ain't easy, you know how hard it can be the way things are going they're going to crucify me "
"all along the watchtower, princes kept the view, while all the women came and went,barefoot servants too, outside in the cold distance a wildcat did growl two riders were approaching and the wind began to howl"
is not attending matts play    but good luck to all those envolved
"\what we've got here is a failure to communicate\"""""
"\i will take the boy and teach him the ways of the heard\"" <propfemale>'s dad on family guy"""
vote for <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
i found my dream job        walmart greeter smile 
i found the college fair interesting and insightful   but a sight of blue was displeasing and oddly brought a lot of confusion to my thoughts
huck finn projects + test over book - no one read it= bad
wow my street is now a pool      even the guy from the county came to try and fix the problem and was ankle deep in water     
"what ever happened to ninja turtles, the used to be prett cool now they are just dumb akward cartoon animations"
"works a booth at the e playful o tonight, could be cold, but no rain like last night so it should be busy"
ninja assassin!
"doesnt understand why people would race at midnight just to think there gettting a jump on black fri, only to find a crowd"
"\its a doughnut full of m&ms so when your done you dont have to eat any m&ms\"""""
"<propfemale> trek was actually not that bad, but land of the lost is still my all time favorite movie"
land of the lost!(sorry my keyboard was stuck on <propfirst> mays)
if i created a religion known as the way of the yoshi would you become a follower
"\dont make me get my dinosaur\"""""
i can use my <propfirst> moore skills and e playful ose this living social monster for what it truly has become- a passive agressive ebonics-slang trading network           
i dont mind the snow    not at all    but the ice thats gonna come     not a fan
ice    it came     still not a fan
now what to do      oh yeah time for the 5*5 rubiks cube!
2 hrs 27min 34sec 5 by 5 solved it            eat on that snake(jake)
found it nice to open facebook and see a bunch of happy birthdays    but email confirmed there were more  interesting????but to all of those that did   thank you!
"grapes of wrath      so confusing,i get into the story then a scenery chapter throws me off,i feel more aware of whats going on when i watch lost lol"
"\if i knew that my work would later lead to the creation of the atomic bomb i would have been a watchmaker\"" <propfirst> einstein"""
"finally, i have seen the hurt locker and precious,next in line-avatar and up in the air!"
finally a new pr 34 10 !
ok i have the intro down and almost done with the solo smile 
"<propfirst>'s project went well,way more people came than i thought      i guess i lost the bet lol jk"
"wow <propmale> was right it is true, sexton was a singer in a band and his musics on myspace!!! lol"
"tux ordered,crossage good,boot and ear   check   her dress from the awsome grandma check   the best friend    well of course smile , may 1 is only two weeks away"
"beach balls, glow sticks, club music      man that wasnt prom, it was a straight up rave that was missin the red bull"
"best american invention speech, culinary final review packet, ap physics exam monday    and only twenty days of school left, who wouldnt be excited"
"there, i changed the profile pic    better to see some change?"
ran the east 5k this morning   and now i know why the hills are the first thing people hate about it
"eh, its a two mile run kinda night   "
"i hope nothing bad happens tonight, weeks been enough so lets hope it ends well   "
"found a good list of 5k races to choose from, now i got to see what gutjar recommends"
"after next wednesday then its senior year, then one year later i graduate   then      work til i die haha"
i love how during the senior paper toss one person throws grad party invitations lol
(insert status here)
finally got to see shutter island!!! it was very good
thinks in the nba record book it should be in two categories- kobe vrs  mj and  the other players so <propfirst> barkley can  find something better to talk about lol
<propmale> swaim- think with your dipstick <propfirst>!
i wonder what the bestfwiends up to       hmmmm
hope the fahja (dad) is ok out in the weather i bet he got called in to work    
am i going to kings island tomorrow with <propfirst> brown? your darn right i am !!!!!!!!!!
had a great day yesterday!!!!! beast-6 invertex-1 other stuff- you know it!!!
my dad and <propfirst> were right   i just didnt want to listen
ok   meghan was right  smile  left4dead was worth playing lol
best two days of unplanned accidents that occur in a good way in the end? well of course smile 
never in my life would i have thought i would see someone jmp not only high enough to touch the top of the  backboard but high enough to kick the  rim!!!!lol
is of the living nature
"thank you father for telling me oj was a bad idea, sprite works so much betterlol"
"feeling so much better today, so is my sickie friend too lol off to make the best friends as good as i can    may stop at home to pick up an extra contact since i woke up without one ha"
rawr! thats all i have to say
just found evidence that running barefoot is better for your joints than running with shoes     interesting
"thought of the day: when did springer get rid of the chairs and get a stripper pole, its not as good as it used to be   sorry <propfirst> but im gonna watch maury til your show stops sucking"
red dead redemption or batman arkham asylam?
left 4 dead 2! forget batman and red dead lol
back to <propmale> tnight
"senior year\\1- gov, buntin\2-pre calc, gratz\3- english 12, vincent\6-sociology,  newland\8-personal finance, nading"
thank you <propfirst> brown for helping me find a good tv show      ninja warrior is the better of the japanese gameshows
i love it when you get a job and less than an hour later you get a call asking if you are interested to work for there company lol
"last weekend in morgantown for a good while, working 2-5 tomorrow"
new favorite show     cops! i love watching crackheads get arrested
i finally got to season two of supernatural!
one 5k down two to go
season 2 of supernatural down
season 2= 900+ mins season 3=650? thats crap
is there enough snow on my car      um its enough to make me want to speed then brake to see if it flies!!!
"you know what state you live in when all the little kids in your house can say \go colts\"""""
"\qwop\"" is the hardest game i think ive played ever lol but it looks like <propfirst> j fox running the mile so its enjoyable"""
"mr pottorff \ if you had a million dollars what would you do with it\"" me\"" well    i guess gamble\"""""
i bet the janitors got to take home alot of plado today!
"i love how i work in the pets department and people ask me about ipads and phones, <propmale> this is your job why am i doing it haha jk"
so yeah i turned on my xbox for the first time in three months and the second it went to live it gave me almost an estamatied hour of updates    and i just wanted to play left4dead lol
so i guess from now on when i go to work im in a different department
so tomorrow when im legal i guess im buying a scatch off ticket   if i win a million dollars welll       i guess i can gamble like i told mr  pottorff lol
thank you everybody for the birthaday wishes smile 
you know its bad when the teachers paragraph criticizing your paragraph is bigger than the one you wrote
mr  <propfirst> can now officailly be a miner from the goldrush lol
the cable guy  oh yeah
off to that   job
too much that seventies show? nah ill be ok
i officially love this phone 
"\where is your fresh seafood department?\"" what was i supposed to say to the guy lol"""
my moms cat learned a new trick   attack my feet while i sleep if he wants food thats on hungry cat
<propfirst> tosh has a point  wee man should be an olympic diver to raise attendance as well as awareness
oh no! it's the weekend   where is my gameboy
eight hours working au walmart   and i feel like i got nothing done
i found my gameboy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
watch that seventies show? sounds like a good idea to me
"i need to invent a hug machine, ide make millions!!!!"
"i remember last year when <propfirst> wall said \we gonna win this cause it ain't no spelling bee\"" you know how if got his scholar ship"""
