0045b92b4c7dd5bdf54a6285dda06f4a
"ok then  just so that my mother doesn't see the crap i say, i've created this  yay? o o"
"i love how i changed my name to \sayzrawr\""  laugh """
 laugh 
[so i have two friends   but ok then^-^] i dare you all [both] to speak with a british accent for three days!
"i got an imvu account  cause i was bored  so  yeah   smile \my user is necrolife in case one of you has an account   cause   i'm so bored!!"
marigolds smell like cat piss 
"i hate that new auto-tuned crap they call music which they play at all our school dances  why is it so popular? kanye west, t-pain, <propfirst> bieber, t i , and many other artists who fake having a good voice shouldn't deserve all of this attention just because they own a 100$ program which is able to automatically tune their voice  thumbs up if you agree "
i hate being short  maybe if i drink miracle grow i can be taller?
why can't british people pronounce the 't' in 'british'?
"buying a new laptop   a netbook  cause if i keep doing this   well it's a waste of time, my mom's not cooperating   "
what do i do???!! i think my mom (if she hasn't already) will downloaded webwatcher!!!! nooo!!! google it if you don't know what it is   it's a spyware   it knows everything from what websites you go on to every keystroke  help me   damn it if i can't talk here   then what??!!?!
life would be a lot easier if people did more than complain and sulk about everything 
the devil wears prada has the  best  song  names  evar 
"why do my friends keep saying \shizznit\""??!"""
epic  it's raining   i love thunder!!! and rain!!!! i'm going run around in the rain!!!! yayyy!!!!  laugh 
"yessss!!!!!! they deleted chatango, moved all the accounts to chattanga, and changed chattanga's name to chatango!!!! woohhh!!!! epic!!!! now chatango has the same interface as chattanga because it's epicer like that!!!!"
"i skipped school  playful  [well, i had a reason =~ smile "
angel grounded me!!!!!
"happy birthday, vocaloid meiko!!! wooh!"
do  not  say  happy  birthday  or  i  will  crush  you 
song mood : on to the next one - escape the fate
song mood: the flood - escape the fate
"what i love about escape the fate   all of their songs are the same amount of awesomeness, even though they have switched lead singers and guitarists "
"sometimes i wish i could change the things i've done  that's when i go back and realize    i can't, can i?"
it's just amazing    just amazing how quickly life can change   
what song shall i learn to play on guitar? comment it ^^
what's really annoying is being forced to remember things you want to forget 
"oldspicedude420 (11:18 smile 1 pm): ur making no sense \oldspicedude420 (11:18 smile 2 pm):    \1insanechick (11:18:51 pm): purple dolphin with an uncommon fetish!"
"the turnips of fully grown girls named barf, hold excuses for temper lists case church "
fish!
today has been the randomest day of my entire life 
nuclear muffins 
"save me, help me  the shadow of my own has become my only friend  please, can this be reversed? this lonely, resenting curse? i guess the blood on my hands isn't proof enough  do i need to die to show you what i mean? i'm living my life always ready to scream  i hate myself for loving you  i'm no good for you anyway "
the best thing about dreams    you can kill people for vengeance and you don't even get in trouble for it  laugh  but of course there comes reality u_u you still want to kill that person    <propmale>    i want to kill <propmale> > >
is her own mortal enemy 
don't go near the evil <propfemale> 
bye 
life is not my 'style' i guess  so thank you all for ruining it e__e bye 
the world alive is epic win  o o
x x yeah imma log on like once then uh    yeah imma quit    lol   
<propmale> mabbitt makes my life  lol 
