a66eebdaa5a9b82d639e42b6ff638f43
is in the mood for some <propfemale>
loves that <propfemale> deen is on <propfemale> griffin my life on the d list    amazing!
likes her senior picture!
in boston until monday!
is sad that she won't be able to see <propfemale> griffin when she's here  sad 
is at nylf med
is bummed nylf is over  sad 
just made yummy shrimp scampi for dindin!
had an especially good day  smile 
found the biggest blueberry she's ever seen in her life! ahh i don't want to eat it    but it looks so delicious   
stayed up all night  smile  wooo
is reminding all current members of the coronado band to come to the band bbq at sunridge park tomorrow from 5-8!
is reminding all current members of the coronado band to come to the band bbq at sunridge park today from 5-8!
success 
is voting for bri! you should too! 1-866-602-4805
wants to be back on mercer island 
is getting ready for bed before 7 smile 0  yessss!
just finished an amazing mwsg  sometimes i surprise myself   
had <propmale> yum soup for dinner  laugh  yesss!
loves naps
feels like watching lots and lots of movies  right now 
"has three new baby guppies! gatsby, eegee, and <propfemale>  smile "
thanks for all of the birthday wishes!  laugh 
can draw an intense plasma membrane  what up!
finished applications  aaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
can't find the strength to start her homework   
made a reading journal playlist  maybe i can actually get goin now?
"better watch out cuz you're gonna cry, redepmtion x will getcha cuz we're so fly"
wants some pancakes   
was pleasantly surprised after work  smile 
is gettin blessed by <propfirst> biden from space  god bless <propfemale>!
"can be lady gaga, you can be t-pain, we can be bringin on the boogie droppin rhymes like rain"
really wants to go on the amazing race
's new favorite movies are 500 days of summer and whip it
"oh <propfirst> valli, why does your voice have to be so irresistible?"
thinks knights are sexy
thinks knights are sexy    and that its freaking hard to type with a sweet thumb splint on 
got in to colorado state and is now a ram! woooo!
is pretty excited    and she pretty much can't hide it   
wants some more fried rice    last night was amazing!
is excited for halloween festivities!
wants to thank everyone who helped raise 854 lbs of food at trick or canned food tonight! woo!
loves the cougar pride marching band  smile 
loves knowing that she will never rehearse on the field on a tuesday night ever again  laugh 
"has left the field  thank you, thank you very much "
everyone should go to the craft fair in the cafeteria at chs! it ends at 3pm 
"is at a loss for words    750, to be exact "
"1,455  done!"
is excited to see <propfemale> carlson  smile 
made a pretty amazing gingerbread village with <propfemale> carlson  smile 
thoroughly enjoys fa-la-la-la lifetime
wishes her life was like glee
"is sad that she doesn't have very many sadies pictures  sad  post em, people!"
cried during glee  amazing finale!
gingerbread pancakes at ihop= complete and total bliss
really loves the nightly dances in the hallway!
played hair stylist tonight! my gal pals look hot with pink in their hair  smile 
byoc tea party    kind of awesome
baking a cake with <propfemale> stupak!  laugh 
"im not in room, im not in this hall, and im not on my computadora but i seem to be writing anyway  gotta love physic powers!"
had an amazing birthday  smile  i love my friends!
kappa <propfemale>  smile 
surprise! home for the weekend  smile 
"hello fort collins, so nice to see you again  smile  fun weekend back home though!"
studying now    but skating later! so excited  laugh 
i  love  kappa <propfemale>
had an amazing weekend with <propfemale> carlson!
is seeing dracula in <propmale> tonight!
jazzercise? yes please!
3 papers in 1 week is toooo many
really feels like dancing! too bad my favorite dance partner <propfemale> stupak isn't back yet  sad 
all checked in for my flight home tomorrow! so excited to see everybody  smile 
"loves her big, <propfemale> <propfirst> dingman so much  smile "
is home!  laugh 
doesn't like delayed flights
aahh it is so <propfemale>!!
"it feels so amazing to be an official kappa <propfemale> sister, i love you all so much! aot  smile "
laughs too hard sometimes
ouch 
i am hardcore craving some pumpkin bread right now
too  many  papers 
"aww, my first colorado snow  smile "
i wish walking outside in footie pajames was socially acceptable
fall break! fall break! fall break!
"so excited for my amazing sistergurrrl <propfemale> carlson, and my kd sisters <propfemale> campbell and <propfemale> <propmale> to arrive today!"
"as much as i love going home, it's always nice to be back in fort collins  smile "
i freaking love making paper snowflakes!
"is hot and dangerous! oh yeah, so is <propfemale> stupak and kalie mcquillen  exciting night with my gal pals  smile "
meteor showers are fun!  smile 
"fit everything into 2 suitcases, i'm proud of myself "
i cannot wait for my roommate best friend <propfemale> stupak to arrive tonight! this will be a funnn week  smile 
packing is nooo fun    why do i have so much stuff?
so excited to get back to colorado tonight!!
<propfemale> <propfemale> matter is my math savior
stayed nice and toasty walking to class in the beautiful -2 degree weather
congratulations <propfemale> jones on your absolutely beautiful baby girl!
"<propfemale> stupak and i have a tendency to sing really loud in the dining hall and get weird looks from people    so what, no big deal  haven't you heard beautiful singing voices before? they're probably just jealous "
i love me some zandannaline
i really like when i go to the health center in severe pain and they tell me that everything looks just fine! oh wait    no it freaking sucks 
zaney mcgaughey (zach mcgaughey) wants to smack the sand! i mean hit the beach   
laundry and math- 2 of my favorite activities packed into 1 fun night!
i just love baking cupcakes  smile 
i am loving life!
i like anthropology mostly because of the really cute videos of monkeys and apes running swinging around
"tests, job interview, paper- nice busy day!"
"my roommate is the kindest, sweetest, funniest, strongest, most beautiful and best friend i've ever had! i love her to pieces and felt the need to share "
so excited to head home today! and i'm bringin my man with me!  laugh 
exhausted    such a fun trip home!
you and me baby ain't nothin but mammals so let's do it like they do on the discovery channel
"yes, i like pina coladas and gettin caught in the rain  why do you ask?"
"its decided, <propfemale> and i are going to become extreme couponers, sister wives, and bake cupcakes all day long  tlc is giving us some great ideas!"
<propfemale> stupak's back on facebook! yay!
writing a speech on castration    let's do this
taking a break from memorizing my speech to paint with <propfemale> stupak  smile 
"got an a on my castration speech, hell to the yes!"
feels like the master of cake pops
i love that i thought i would be doing math for 4 hours today and i was in and out with an a on my test in half an hour  smile 
i am so excited for my classes for next fall!  smile 
i am so excited for my classes for next fall!  smile 
"hanson is still so good, don't lie- i know you at least love some mmmbop, kalie mcquillen and i aren't afraid to admit it"
you don't realize how much stuff you can cram into a dorm room until you have to pack it all up
why have i been having so many dreams about <propmale> <propfirst>?
mmm one of my best batches of <propfemale> cupcakes yet! cutting 40 cherries by hand and staining my fingers red was totally worth it
getting tickets for dci in loveland and in <propmale>! so excited!
this is the craziest storm i have ever seen! sounds more like war than just hail and rain
you know when you're really craving something and then you finally have that something and it is just so delicious you can't contain yourself? totally having one of those moments right now
i can't wait to be a cna! now    who wants to let me practice on them   please?  smile 
it's been the perfect weekend!
i feel like being in san <propfirst>!
"oh <propmale>, how i love you so  love "
"yep, it's 8:40 and i'm going to bed  uhh what?"
"hoping to rock the cna finals tomorrow! also hoping for a cna job, filled out my apps- fingers crossed"
i miss modern family! i don't want to wait until september for new episodes and the season 2 dvd!
"yep, it's craft time  wishing dessa markley and kalie mcquillen could make a michaels run with me!"
whoa! the loudest thunder i've ever heard and the most lightning i've ever seen! aahh!
i just really want to be on a game show
my dad has the best rib recipe ever! seriously!
i will always love sound of music! such a fun night with <propfemale> levine!
"i know i'm kind of behind on all this, but 24 is amazing!"
the past three times i've gone to the movie theater have been to see bridesmaids    is that bad?
"love should be multiplied, not divided- d104 kind of night with <propfemale> stupak!!! yaaay!!"
"uh, how is my showcase with a dvd player, treadmill, and a trailer worth more than a trip to las vegas, a trip to new york, and a new car? i don't think online price is right is very accurate  oh well, i won"
"i'm getting way too excited for classes to start, i feel a little lame"
"what is up with me? i am seriously obsessed with playing the price is right  \ps  i just won over $60,000 in cash and prizes, i know you're jealous"
i move in one week! can't wait to get into the new apartment
got a home healthcare job! yay!
thinks that kalie mcquillen is by far the greatest person on the planet  did i mention that she is also the most beautiful girl in the whole wide world?  love 
starting the semester off with sexuality and health    awesome
this semester is going to rock! loving my professors so far
"i am now the proud \parent\"" of a virtual baby boy for one of my human development classes haha"""
just 3 more weeks until the new season of modern family! can't wait!
i love my job!!
"i had an awesome birthday! thanks for all the birthday wishes! thank you kalie, dessa, <propmale>, and <propfemale> for celebrating with me! oh, and <propmale> and i won 7700 tickets at <propmale> & busters! ahhh yeaaaahhh"
"call me weird all you want, but i love nursing homes"
yesss bridesmaids and modern family season 2 dvds come out next tuesday! it will probably be the most hilarious day ever
today is the day i've been waiting for    season 2 of modern family is finally out on dvd! aaaand tomorrow season 3 premieres!
