b6686232fe6707a683c4461700ef73d9
"marriage is like a deck of cards, in the beginning all you need is 2 hearts and a <propfemale>, 10 years later you'll want a club and a spade!!"
people don't change -- you just never knew who they really were 
"i love those friends who you can go forever without talking to, but can pick up right where you left off- and be just as close when you do "
"god puts certain things in your life but you have to pay attention, if you don't recognize them you may miss your blessings!!"
"~ never take anyone for granted, hold them close to your heart, if you dont one day you will realize you lost your <propfemale> while you where 2 busy collecting stones    "
nobody can go back and create a new beginning  but everyone can start now and create a new ending   
is living for the nights she can't remember with the friends she'll never forget!!!
"vivian: when i was a little girl, my mama used to lock me in the attic when i was bad, which was pretty often  and i would- i would pretend i was a <propfemale>    trapped in a tower by a wicked <propfemale>  and then suddenly this knight    on a white horse with these colors flying would come charging up and draw his sword  and i would wave  and he would climb up the tower and rescue me  (quote from pretty women)"
"believes everyone has a destiny we can  choose how to get there, and make our own mistakes  but in the end the puzzle will fit together the way it was meant to!"
is on a roll today!! i've drank pepsi from a coke glass and walked in through an out door! why? because i'm a rebel   have a good night all im off to go bananas comedy club   
is on the island of misfit toys and kinda feels at home here!!
"<propfemale> visits have been canceled this year -- apparently you wrote on your facebook <propfemale> that you were nice and <propfemale> is still rolling on the floor laughing!!!\i want to wish all my facebook friends a <propfemale> christmas   "
is off to meet that gorgeous man of hers in her dreams again  if i wake up with messy hair you will know that it was a good dream  wink  night night xx
"i'm wondering    what was the person who discovered milk, really doing to that cow in the first place?"
more laundry and dishes!!  do they really have to eat and wear clothes every day?
"i got a box of calgon and did  what that lady did on the tv, laid back in the tub,\closed my eyes and calgon never took me anywhere that's false advertisement!!!"
"alright stop   pajama time! for those naughty people who don't wear them, close the curtains!!! google earth is looking     smile  night all  smile "
a life that touches others goes on forever   hope everyone has a good day  
"this should be interesting : compare your family to a tv show , what would it be?"
is making snow angels  hey wait a minute   why does mine have horns??
i believe in love at first sight  i e playful erience it every time i go shopping!
"your on a deserted island in the middle of the ocean, and can only bring one thing  what would you bring?? put your answer in the comment box  "
"is awake, is drinking coffee and is now waiting for an epiphany   "
is off the the american girl fashion show auditions  wish <propfemale> luck  everyone have a good day see ya later  
is remembering someone special today  you fly with the angels now but part of you will always be with us   happy birthday <propfemale> marie  i miss you  
"as i lie on the on the hot, <propfemale> white sand beaches of australia with my fruity  rum drink in hand, i pause to thank god for the blessing of my imagination!!!  have a good day everyone i have a sick kid and husband to deal with all day by for now  "
"oh! the weather outside is frightful! the snow is sure unsightful! in case you didn't know   i hate the snow, i hate the snow, i hate the snow!!"
"bleach, check, windex, check, scrubbing bubbles, check, maid? maid? maid?! damn, that's me!!"
is off to go finish my book    i have a new box of crayons and only 12 pages left!!!
   my  blood type is folgers 
"'s mind is wandering again   if you happen to see it, please don't step on it - it's damaged enough already "
"has been known to cause dizziness, confusion, heart palpitations, temporary insanity, mood swings, depression, and the giggles  use with caution "
did her taxes and is feeling kinda supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious today!  smile 
"anger management 101: take a \timeout\"" then clean the toilet with their toothbrush  smile """
is having a bad day   
why does facebook want to know what i am thinking?  do they not realize that is classified and somewhat scary information??
wow my baby girls a american girl model!!!yeah me
"today  i'm using big words to sound smart   sorry, i meant utilizing gargantuan idioms to simulate intelligence "
"please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has, or had, an invisible illness (diabetes, crohn's, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, fibromylagia, ms, copd, thyroid disease, lupus)  do it for all who have an invisible illness    it's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside "
"happy superbowel sunday, such a great excuse to eat junk food and scream and yell  hope everyone has a fun night!!"
"i'm not gonna let facebook suck me in today!  i have too much to do!  stepping away from facebook  really i am!  you're right, i don't believe it either! : )"
"when you feel stressed, just remember: stressed is \desserts\"" spelled backward   (so im off to eat a hershey bar or a almond joy cant decide guess i have to eat both!!)  """
i don't know why people always get so mad at me for always being right  i don't get mad at them for always being wrong 
awesome day! just try to wipe the smile off my face    go ahead! i dare ya!
"just got xbox 360 and kinect for valentines day, also <propfirst> and minne jammies and a big bag of cashew turtles   i love my hubby today!!"
to celebrate <propfirst>'s day change your profile picture to you and your spouse  significant other  re-post and make sure to tell how long you've been together   11 long years!!
"nothing says \happy valentines\"" like saturated fats and slutty lingerie!! happy valentines day to all  """
"saw a <propfirst> that was covered in dirt & someone had written \i wish my wife was as dirty as this <propfirst>\""  i wrote \""she is   when you are at work!\"""""
it is worrying when you realize your daughter is starting to get an attitude like yours  sad 
"if you dance with the devil, the devil don't change  the devil changes you "
when i was a little girl i used to dream about marrying a man in the <propfemale> tales little did i know it would be grumpy from snow white!!
just got done with cieras photoshoot for the american girl fashion show  
"when you 're sad, or feeling blue, someone somewhere is thinking of you  so when you're down, remember its true, somebody somewhere is dreaming of you "
"who needs a man when there's chocolate - comes in all flavors and sizes, can have it morning, noon or night, it's monogamous and satisfies when hard or soft"
"dreams are wishes the heart makes    sometimes they don't make any sense, but just wait    they usually e playful lain themselves    eventually   laugh "
"when it comes to my coffee cup, size does matter!"
"if you're troubled today remember to breath slow, take one moment at a time, put the stereo on your favorite song, and sing as loud as you can!"
"dear optimists and pessimists,\either way, the glass has the same amount of liquid \sincerely, a realist   "
husband says:where do you want to go? wife says annoyed omewhere e playful ensive! husband says: okay gas station it is!
"it's national book week  grab the closest book to you  go to <propfemale> 56  copy the 5th sentence as your status  don't mention the book  post these rules   \-and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh   (guess the book)"
"  is going to spend the day running around kissing all the people with shirts that say\ kiss me i'm irish\"" and see how they really like it!!"""
is busy looking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow!!
"i wish i could afford a maid, instead of just the costume "
"\all women want is adventure and security \"" ~conway twitty~"""
"in the end, its not the years in your life that count   its the life in your years  abraham <propmale>"
"you can never change the past, nor control the future, but you can change the mood of the day, just  by touching someones heart with your smile "
is off to work again  why couldn't i have been born <propmale> instead of good looking??  lol
"if you could only have one thing, which would it be?\1) intelligence;\2) wealth; \3) fame; \4) true love"
"women marry men hoping they will change   men marry women hoping they will  not   so each is inevitably disappointed \-- <propfirst> einstein"
"   is off to fashion show rehearsal  hopefully my little model will have fun, they are raffleing off american girl dolls  hope shes lucky "
be thankful i'm not a twin 
is going out to find garbage pail kids  ciera is obsessed with them  its crazy how she's loving all this 80's stuff  
"just stepped outside, closed her eyes, took a deep breath of fresh air, sipped her coffee,  perfect morning! what could go wrong? crap! forgot to put pants on!"
"i dont regret the things i've done, i only regret the things i didn't do!!"
