36ef4297b31c5cb31add6d81fa63951f
<propmale> 302 a!!!  anyone else in my dorm???
wilco fans are either raybans and skinny jeans wearing hipsters or conservative thirty somethings   nice to see the interaction (or lack thereof) between the two groups   wolf trap is way coollll 
almost shook hands with <propfemale> pelosi   thisclose   i will miss the roemers!!!
is a <propfemale> god (dess) 
"a brunette, not a fighter jet "
"is a brunette, not a fighter jet "
is all packed and on her way to elon this afternoon!!!
gleegleegeleegleeglee!!!!
"prefers it when people don't put their deepest darkest secrets, song lyrics, or quotes from fml or textsfromlastnight on their facebook status   "
copy this into your status and see what people rate you! 1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative  4: sarcastic  5: bangable  6: clubhead  7: moody  8: dumb  9: spoilt  10: mouthy  11: random  12: hot  13: funny 14: fit  15: amazing  16: tough 17: cute  18: gf bf type 19: player 20: whore
might like dancing to <propfirst> <propmale> while walking back to her dorm room a little bit tooooo much   
"ah, degenerate rappers   they probably want some ho's or something "
"is watching silence of the lambs, by herself, on a saturday night   lameee "
is 19 years old!!  last bit of teenagedom   
"meat is murder, but murder is also murder "
remember   treat a woman like a person   then a princess   then a greek goddess   then a person again!!
okayyyy    vocal adrenaline was just way better than new directions and they deserved to win   just saying   but stilllll    yay gleee!!!
so hot i'll melt your popsicle 
   i just realized my last status might imply some sexual innuendo   i was just quoting <propfemale> perry   ha   not   anything else   
true blood true blood true blood true blood!!!!!!!!!!!!
"continuing my series of favorite psych episode titles   he loves me, he loves me not, he loves me, oops he's dead"
"read my blog!! \rotyourbrain tumblr com"
scooby dooby doooooo    why am i always watching you?   playful 
likes it anywhere unforgettable 
gleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleegleeglee!!!!!
gonna get my wednesday addams on 
"home again, home again, jiggity jig!!"
"candles burning low, lots of misletoe   "
"*nodding* two eyes, that's the best amount of eyes "
back in richmond 
i'm number 6 
"well, i've been to a rodeo too   it was a cat rodeo   in a gay guy's apartment "
there are no dumb questions   allowed 
season 7 of peep show is on hulu!!!!
drinking sparkling water and eating grapes while watching once in my apartment!!!  soooo mature that i might need dentures soon 
"\even boys have something to say if you listen long enough \"""""
hereafter at the byrd theater!!
"i dreamed that you bewitched me into bed and <propfirst> me moon-struck, kissed me quite insane (i think i made you up inside my head )"
we are!!!
red bull ads make my life 
did you eat a brain tumor for breakfast?
"you say illegal, i say crafty "
summer in sicily!!   love 
"decorative pillows?  what is this, the white house?  let's have a look at those lightbulbs   forty watts, huh?  it's like the buckingham palace in here "
