ac2d45818b59f336d6c2ed1d5864904c
happy new year!!!!!!!
chill at home with my children and enjoying my three day weekend 
"im off work tomorrow, so im looking foward to cillin with the kids at home "
ttfn
does everyone have all there thanksgiving shopping done? or are you rushing out to the stores now 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!!!!!
"just got back from famous daves, had the all-american bbq feast, my bro's treat, thanks <propmale> (baby bro )  if you never been there you gotta go   mmm mmm good!"
"just got back from famous daves, had the all-american bbq feast, my bro's treat  thanks <propmale> (baby bro )  if you never been there you got to go  mmm mmm good "
"off tomorrow, got to run around like a chicken with my head cut off and get everything done i need to do for christmas   i have to work christmas <propfemale> and day   that sucks"
<propfemale> christmas to all !!! we wish you a <propfemale>??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•?? christmas??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•?? we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ? ? ? we wish you a <propfemale> ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??christmas ??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??    and a happy new year!??•*¨*• ¸¸? ¸¸ •*¨*•??    copy and paste~keep the wave going!
i hope eveyone had a wonderful christmas 
"glad my work day is over, now i get a day off only to work my @$$ off at home now "
"is off work today, handing some biz at home "
"is confused  im always making the decisions that make everyone else happy, and putting my own aside, people always say i need to think of me first but then why do i feel so sad when what makes me happy make someone else so sad? confusing huh? ?"
"good morning fb friends  i actually got a full night sleep last night  feels good i give god all the <propfemale> and thanks this morning, as i do every morning "
"do you ever just wonder, is this it? will there ever be more? some times its ok, i can ignore it but sometimes i feel so empty, and by myself "
"tired, gonna put the kids to bed and relax "
"just go home from church    good service, the devils on his toes though,you know he stays busy, but if god be for me then who could be agents me "
"just put the kids down, and got things ready for another day tomorrow, one more day then i get a day off  now its me chillaxing time "
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        93% wont copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least 1 hour"
"if a man has always been a dog since forever do you think there is a <propmale> he will ever change???, and if so how can you tell? is there such thing as having to much history, so much that you cant forget the past in order to move forward?"
16 years is a long long time  thats all im saying  is that to much history to move forward or is this all the more reason to move forward  confusing huh   
is there such thing as a sole mate?
"just got home from hangin out with the familia, we went out to infusinos for my sister <propfemale>'s birthday "
stuck at home when i was supposed to be at work cause my stupid piece of s#&t car died on me again and everyone ive called seems to have fallen of the face of the earth!!! and my kids driving me crazy!!!
"i'll step up to a challenge from a friend    i am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost, i hope i am right! let's lift up his name and make a statement! sadly, 97% of facebook users will not repost this   when jesus died on the cross, he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3%, repost this message  i'm one of those 3%"
"fernace is down, going to go cuddle with the living room with the kids and about 10 blankets     im freeeezzzing!!!!!!"
back to work tomorrow   rough week!
tgif!!!! this weekend is my weekend off too   yes!
"at home looking forward to church tonight, lord knows i need it "
"yup   its official    if a man is a dog then he will probably die a dog  i will never understand  its just sad if you ask me,  they will probably die old and alone "
"how evil are you? neutral  you are not evil, but you are not entirely good  your degree on the humanitarianism and indifference spectrum shifts on a day to day basis  lol   hope i am catching you on a good day   smile  3 minutes ago via quiz monster · comment · like · see wall-to-wall · compare results"
"tired, one more day of work then im off for 5 days    yea me "
"im off work for 5 days now    time to handle business  starting my fast saturday, 21 days, no food, god give me strength, there are so many things i need answers to  keep me in your prayers "
"im off work for 5 days now    time to handle business  starting my fast saturday, 21 days, no food, god give me strength, there are so many things i need answers to  keep me in your prayers "
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ? lmao lmao
thank you everyone for all the blessings and wishes on my birthday  i hate im not in my 20s any more but im blessed to have made it to 31 
i dont like this new <propfemale> look 
how do you log out?
im trapped in face book!!!!! help!
"had a good five days off of work, so not ready to go back, i need five more "
"about to go to bed now, got to get up early for work tomorrow, supposed to be a snow storm i hear  so im gonna dream about summer  goodnight  smile "
"finalllllly, i get a <propmale> to go on face book "
"luv & appreci8 the people in your life that care bout u, 4give & pray 4 the 1s that h8 u, b thankful & appreci8 what u have & stop complaining bout what u dont have  life is 2 short & precious, & could b gone in a blink of an eye  2 all my amigos, fam, & luvd 1s    i luv u, & appreci8 u, u make the blows of lofe not hurt so much  2 all my h8rs    i luv u, & appreci8 u, u helped make me stronger "
"luv & appreci8 the people in your life that care bout u, 4give & pray 4 the 1s that h8 u, b thankful & appreci8 what u have & stop complaining bout what u dont have  life is 2 short & precious, & could b gone in a blink of an eye  2 all my amigos, fam, & luvd 1s    i luv u, & appreci8 u, u make the blows of life not hurt so much  2 all my h8rs    i luv u, & appreci8 u, u helped make me stronger "
work    kids    family    bills    bills    bills    friends    lord god i ask you to please give the strength to continue carrying this life on my shoulders  help me to always smile and be kind  thanks 
work    kids    family    bills    bills    bills    friends    lord god i ask you to please give the strength to continue carrying this life on my shoulders  help me to always smile and be kind  thanks 
"i enjoyed this nice day off with the kids, we went for lunch, out for ice cream, and cleaned the yard  back to work tomorrow sad  i need a good month off "
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to a <propfirst> <propmale> concert tomorrow night and im excited  for once in a <propfemale> time im gonna get some me time  smile 
countin down the days    3 more left    then im off work for 10 days  im so happy i could scream!!!! smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
"hmmmmmm  lots on my mind  what to do   what to say   and how????? hmmmmmm  why do people lie  its easier to just keep it real  how do you, or should i say why would you keep a such an important detail of your life a secret from someone your with for so long?"
"things you should not lie about in a relationship  *your name   *your age   *if your married   * do you believe in god or somethin else   *and if you got kids  i think these are the basics  all the other details are important too, but these basic things lay the ground on if you even wanna be in a relationship with that person or not "
1st day back to work today after being off 10 days    ugh    i need 10 more days  better yet i wish i could just be a stay at home mom again 
can you believe we live by <propmale> lighthouse by memorial and 6th and my daughter is going to school close to high st  and main st  and racine unified says i live to close for her to catch the school bus  shes 5! and has to walk?
zzzzzzzzz   i wish!
"excited about tomorrow its my lil reynas 1st day of kinergarden, and <propfirst> 1st day of 5th grade  <propmale> goes back to school in september, hes a 7th grader  ahhhh    3 down and one more to go  next year when i got a day off at work i will actually have a day off     well at least half a day, till they get out of school "
i need a private investigator    any body know one?
wondering when ill get a break  feels like never  i am truly thankfull to the people in my life that help cushion some of lifes blows  i dont know what id do with out you all 
why cant i pull myself out of this blahhh feeling? i need to get my butt back into church regularly  i believe there is only one who can help me with this one 
"i have five people worth of laundry and my d@#n dryer broke! i suppose i could go to the store and see if theyll give me a new one with my looks   lol   not! what in the world else can go wrong, and what am i gonna do now!!! i swear when it rains in my word its a freakin huricane!"
"you ever look at a close friend and think hmmmm why do i got butterflies in my stomach, and why am i so happy to see them or  talk to them? is it     no, it cant be     but then why do i feel     nah, its all in my imagination     or is it???? advice anyone     i never looked at him like that befor    what does that mean?"
so so sleepy 
"hey, is that picture of my daughter in the regular paper too? how do i find out what day it was in? if anyone has that paper can i have it please   smile "
i hate that every dang game i start to play on here i get into then they cut you off and you got to pay money to go any farther   frowny 
"dang is everyones head packed with snot! eyes so red from itching you look blowed, and oh yeah forget the box of tissue ill just take a towel!"
yeah!!!!! just got done bustin peoples a$$ in some bones!
why do people say things so hurtfull when they know they will regret it later? i just dont understand   i always told you you dont know what you got untill its (im) gone  so dont be mad  grow up and lay in the bed you made 
in deep deep thought  am i making the right decision   or will i regret it later  how do you know when someone is the right one for you? can a couple make it if one has hurt there partner in a pritty big way?
"im freezing, and my bones hurt!!!!"
"is sick   i wish i could change out my lungs like you can change batteries  one set goes bad, you just buy new ones, pop then in, and your good  to think ok breath in breath out, and it not be so easy sucks!"
speechlesssssssss
gettin our new phones!!!
if you reach for my hand i will hold it if you kiss me i will kiss back if you capture my heart i will love you if you fall i will catch you so no need to worry
"it doesent make no sence the way parents let there children act! rediculous, and we wonder why society is so f#%&ed up  what happened to morals, values, respect, disapline, and some damn home training!!!"
"going to bed, got <propfemale> work early    not feelin to good sad "
"when i see you i catch my breath, when you speak my stomach does flips and when you say my name my heart beats out of my chest and i cant help but smile "
got a lil alone time     ahhhhh
"you know nothing will be right if home aint right  so i guess my starting point is me, and ill leave the rest up to god "
"ahhhh    just got off work and off tomorrow, get to chill at home with the familia  smile "
chillin with the baby sis  smile 
