3ca1e9a6e549d3c4a7a0bcf2edaf46d7
first drunk night of the new year was perty legit  smile 
sucess in the building haha
there's so much music to be heard! im turnin into a music freak  muse is the current obsession  smile 
can you get to your future if your past is present?      
"so last night was interesting fights, cops, ppl going to jail wow i love my friends haha"
applebees is always bomb! yumm yumm
the grad always shoots my energy back down to zero ugh 
i got a shopping addiction and no job im on my way to sucess haha
lakers baby!!! all the way! sucess bitches sucess!
u no how i do what i do <propfemale> i do wat i do! haha or sumthin like that    smile 
cool i like standing around for three hours waiting for the lakers then only seein three minutes of them nd not even gettin to see kobe lame 
can you really forgive if u can't forget?
so even after da bp disaster obama might give da go ahead for shell to start drillin in da arctic ocean  wow were going towards a happy earth folks
i hate awkward dates deres always dat awkward moment <propfemale> their tryna muster up da courage to kiss me n all i wanna do is get da hell out of dere  annoyed 
you can't respect somone who kisses your ass
screw twilight   true bloods the shit!  smile 
"maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed maybe they're supposed to run wild until they find someone, just as wild, to run with "
just got a new phone and lost everyones number    shoot them at me  smile 
all superheroes are gay  look at their cotumes!
"\i'm an alcoholic that loves to party\""-sucess spoken like the true rook he is haha"""
why are the previews almost always better than the movie itself?   
what the hell everyones gettin paid today except for me  ugh i need a new job  sad 
life needs to get more interesting    
its rare <propfemale> i wake up at 9 in the morning so i took the opportunity to do a lil tannin  smile  feelin like its gunna b a good day 
when the house is a'rockin don't come a'knockin  is that how u say it? haha
how come when ppl start having drama they always find some kind of quote that says wat dey dont wanna say nd post it up everywere? hmmm   
looks will only get u thruw the door  brains will keep u in the game
ugh is it just me or are ppl turnin more and more lame gaaay
i need to get rid of one of my bad habits  hookah or casino? i wud put drinking in there but im tryna be real  smile 
don't pay attention to the horns  they're only there to keep the halo up  smile 
hooka for 3 hours cant be healthy    
wow is this really going to be my first saturday night staying in?? its as rare as haileys comet!!
im in desperate need of an adventure  need to bust a mission or somethin!!
there's only one me in the galaxy  i am an endangered species  this kind of flower dont grow on earth  just letting u no for wat its worth 
i dont know who you think you are but before the night is through   i wanna do bad things with you  =[
ain't that a bitch 
wuda been a darn good time at da hooka lounge if dose beezies didnt have to go n kill my night ugh beezies dese days wat am i guna do wit dem
wow more than a week sober  kinda surprising but obviously not impossible  smile 
i aint gunna lie  am startin to miss a few ppl and our good-ol times
"finally decided  bartending school, here i come  smile "
just doing wat i do best  smile 
its funny how i'm the only one who ever gets hurt at work  just bumps n bruises so i'm gooood  smile 
work hard  party hard? i wish!
i have an angel on my shoulder but a devil in my head 
is too legit  smile 
"\it's you  it's always been you   \"""""
im bored  entertain me  smile 
i feel like going crazy but nobody wants to go crazy with me  sad 
screw work! next time they call me in at 8 ima tell them i got kidnapped n call back later 
screw <propfemale> <propfirst>  screw orcutt  screw guad  and screw the parties that get busted at 11 in the fuckin night  so irritated 
oh my gosh there's a drunk guy at my work literally on the floor and not wantin to get out  haha funny shit 
oh casino please be good to me tonight  smile 
how come my day off is my busiest day of the week?
"he's your <propfirst>, shes your <propfemale> and im your snake  wink "
grad grad grad!
one four loko and im buzzed with a hangover the next day! did i suddenly turn into a rook??
parents leavin to mexico tonight for a week!  smile 
ive done the merry-go-round  ive been trought the revolving doors  i feel like ive met somebody i can stand with for a minute  and dont you want to stand with me?
im tired of all these lil boys  seriously 
so ready to get drunk tomorow n do somethin stoopid
are all bosses assholes or just mine?
ugh im tired of these games  i jus need to find a damn guy already  or maybe girls wud b easier haha
jersey shore is like a bad car crash  u no u shudnt b watchin but u just can't quite look away     smile 
 love  pauly d  smile 
i need excitement  i need adventures  i need to get out of <propfemale> <propfirst>!!!
"oh chapelle, why did u ever have to run away? ur show was the sheeeet!  love "
<propfemale> is a bigger bitch than i could ever be
people are going crazy! i blame the heat 
"i was born round,  i will never die a square "
nothing tastes as sweet as what i can't have 
date like  a man so you don't get played like a bitch 
t-shirt tiiiiiime!  smile 
oook 4th person to tell me i look like pocahantas  wat the hell 
and that was the day that i promised  id never sing of love if it does not exist 
"how bout we skip the arguments and jus say i'm right, i win, i'm awesome, etc  etc  smile "
hangover and breakfast with the family  typical sunday 
gotta stop lookin for love   lettin love find me  smile 
i wish i was <propmale> and spoiled so i wouldn't have to work nemore!!  sad 
<propfemale> far sooo good  smile 
new single record: a year and 3 months  gotta say its a personal best  smile 
if u want to reach me u can find me on cloud 9  smile   love 
not even high but im feelin tooo good right now  smile   love 
me + him= a whole different level  smile 
halloween <propfemale> we were lil kids meant dressin up and <propfemale>  now it means dressing up and alcohol  smile 
"i'm his pinky, he's my brain and together we'll take over the world   smile "
dennys at two in the mornin after a couple of drinks is the biizznesss  smile 
been pulled over twice in my long life time n both times i get a warning  got an angel watching over me
i can conquer the world with one hand as long as you're holding the other  
bromances are the funniest thing ever
u no the night wasnt a success <propfemale> ur d d  is more drunk than u r  annoyed 
beer pong is so played out  annoyed 
its good to no that if he promises the world  he will deliver  smile 
damn is everyone gettin pregnant now??i got baby zuri  soon to be born alanah (idono if that's how u spell it <propfirst>) n in a cuple months baby iris yay! as long as theyre not my kids im happy haha
sometimes parents just kill everything  annoyed 
so what the heck is up with this illuminati stuff?? did they get tired of talkin bout 2012? lames 
first weekend without the bf  girl time  smile 
alcohol is never the answer  but it makes for a very interesting night  smile 
wats the fun in playing it safe? i think id rather misbehave ; )
sun!!!!!  smile  if it goes away today i swear ima punch somebody  be warned 
i'm leaving <propfemale> <propfirst> for an even smaller town  just my luck   annoyed 
were here to fuck shit up!
i  love  my boyfriend  smile 
i got dreams to big for this town
first time bein at farmers market   its kinda like the remate at night lol
its hotttt!!! time for a much needed tan im tired of the vampire look
i love havin my own hookah  smile 
oh yea jersey shore yea  smile 
i'm sick and tired of <propfemale> <propfirst> and everything in it 
for once i'm not going to the grad under the influence  hmm idono how i feel about this 
the reason god put spaces between your fingers was so that someone else could fill them up 
wouldnt it be the perfect crime  if i stole your heart and you stole mine?  love 
no lie this time  i'm done drinking  retirin beer pong and done with shots   smile 
friekin missed my jersey shore! i need my novelas lol
sooo false alarm  guess i'm not done with my drinkin days  smile 
treat a girl like an angel and she'll take you to heaven 
i have a meano hangover n i'm being forced to go to the movies with my lil brother  fml
taking care of this lil kid is too much work! im not having kids till im 25 and i can afford a damn nanny 
im not a stoner or nethin but daaamn i can sure space out  just another one of those days  sad 
i'm already mentally preparing myself for a doooown ass weekend  smile 
yup i love starting the week of on a bad note  just love it   annoyed 
anybody who doesn't get outta my way <propfemale> i enter the freeway is gettin flipped of  jus warning u 
sitting next to you doing absolutely nothing means absolutely everything to me  love 
you don't have to look too hard for heaven and hell  they're right here on earth  its up to you to decide which one you live in 
i think my moms butt hurt cuz i'm not requesting her on facebook haha
night went from bad to worst but at least i got to spend time with my wonderful bf  love 
woke up with a hangover even thow i didn't drink  guess my bodys just used to wakin up wit hangovers every sunday  annoyed 
is getting tired of this 
life kudnt b any more perfect gotta wonderful boyfriend amazing family by my side n my girls that i love to death  yup  perfect  love 
