6ecd687b263e54d2dfb1eee205bf2618
my big brotheris officially a sailor for the us navy! he's leaving for basic march 24th! yay mikey!
this night turned from sucky to suckiest! and i wanted to stay home tonight    damnit!
yummy! strawberries for snack!!
my day just became awesome!
i wonder    do did authors write books or plays to be picked a part and analyzed by school children? i think not!
graduation day! yay!!
yay!! shrek with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
it's going to be hard sleeping at home without him here where he belongs   
running  it relieves stress  it also proves how out of shape you really are  damn 
one more month!! wooo hooo!
"\you will have full contentment by summer's end\"" -panda fortune cookie  i hope you are right fortune cookie """
can't wait 'til monday!
"dear man on motorcycle, did you know your lisence plate says b cup? why man on motorcycle would that be your lisence plate?"
yay! tomorrow is monday!  smile 
what do you say we leave for california?
about to watch toy story 3!! i'm sooo excited!
does anyone know somewhere that's hiring? i really need a job 
two more days suckas!!
less than 12 hours unitl i am no longer a minor! wooo
there is literally nothing like giving a fifty pound puppy a bath!
"you may say i'm a dreamer, but i'm not the only one  i hope someday you will join us, and the world will be as one "
have you ever been so desperate you framed your dog?
bahahahaha!
take me to the river! throw me in the water! it's time to go tubing! yaya!
woke up crazy early today! but i had fun morning with benji and janelley!  smile 
interview in half an hour! woot woot!
back to the drawing board 
if i had a million dollars   
"i've got a fever, and the only prescription    is more cowbell!"
i like it on the kitchen table 
how did we meet? (copy this to ur status and see who remembers) 
"i hate it, i hate it here "
"if i go to jail, will you go with me?"
thug means never having to say you're sorry 
guess what!! i like sushi  laugh 
"oh my god, <propfemale>, you can't just ask people why they're white "
weeds!!
saw tangled! it was adorable    now i want a chameleon  smile 
"watching vh1 divas salute the troops! it makes me miss my brother even more, but i'm super proud of him and can't wait until he comes home for a visit!"
313 you are the most lewd female i have ever met!! but it always makes me laugh  laugh  you're awesome and i love you  smile 
"9771900 - i think you are effing adorable! i'm glad to have met you  you're really sweet and when you're not it's always funny, not because of how you say things but because of what you say  smile "
24-ahhh! i miss your face!! i loved that we had english together every year and i miss buggin millanes with you! i also miss the stories we would write with <propmale> in <propfemale>'s class! those were the best  smile 
"397 - i love you like a fat kid loves cake (probably more), more than a stoner loves his special brownies  i can't wait until we get married when we're 40  we'll get divorced and end up getting married "
"0 1 - sorry, i rounded  i think you're a pretty funny chick, you made drawing waay fun  i especially liked it when you, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, and i would get in trouble pretty much everyday!"
i want soup!
"ummm    no mr  astronomer guy , i am no gemini  you can suck it!"
"\you can't just walk in here with a big banana and e playful ect everything to be peaches\"""""
i forgot how creepy parts of the lost boys are    but it's still awesome  smile 
"so, i found a strange dog wandering around the house  i guess there's a hole in the fence and they have four little white blonde haired dogs  the dopey looking one keeps going through the hole "
ahhhhhhh! i won $100 dollars! suck it!
"a chicken and an egg are lying in bed  the chicken is smoking a cigarette with a very satisfied smile  the egg is frowning and looking frustrated  the egg says, \guess we answered that question   \"""""
"i went on an unanticipated run this morning, my ankle e playful loded, but now i know my way around the new hood  thanks lilo "
i swear i just got over being sick like two weeks ago  stupid 
i feel terrible  sad 
now it's just annoying   
who has two thumbs and has to go to the doctor tomorrow? this chick  fml!
i want soup and ice cream  those would be the best right now 
my younger brother is home sick today  i think he's addicted to the nfl  he's either watching the nfl network or playing madden 
"my day was legit, my home arrival adorable, grey's anatomy with mama is the <propfemale> to my day "
the snozzberries taste like snozzberries 
my brother is going to <propfemale> <propfirst> beiber for once again stealing his hair style  do it 
i have the attention span of a two year old 
\fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living," it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope \"" \"6ecd687b263e54d2dfb1eee205bf2618,<propmale> has been whining for like half an hour  annoyed 
i think i'm going to dye my hair! what an adventure that will be  laugh 
went to native with the fam and i got to see my second family too! exciting  laugh 
i want to ride in the cash cab!
"a best friend is someone who supports you unconditionally  when the going gets tough, a best friend is right there beside you "
"oh my gosh, i hate females "
