539ec06cc60414d6c30b10ede1841646
bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
chewing gum
goin for a drive   smoke break!!! hells to the yeah! lol
my glasses are crooked>[        woody!!!
bed!   sweet and wonderful bed   i come now to your warm embrace   wow   that sounds gay   haha   goin to bed!
home from work and dead tired
ummmm   yeah
chillin at home bored outta my mind!
can't wait to get to <propfemale> this weekend!!!!
tired!!!!!!! 4 hour car trips alone suck!!!!!
home from work   yay!
just got a big bill   ugh  that kinda puts a damper on goin back to <propfemale> in two weeks   maybe lol
no more homework for 5 days!!! hells to the yeah!!!
bored!!! making plans to move back to <propfemale>!!! one more month i hope 
drinking orange pop! talkin to <propfirst>   
i hate ohio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gonna watch pulp fiction! yeahs to the hell!!
thunderstorm!!!!!!!
worried   always worried  sad 
hanging out with the coolest people ever!!  smile 
home  catchin some z's    hopin for the job in <propfemale>                                                     
doing homework!
pulling an all nighter 'cause i got nothing better to do! lol
2 in the morning and still not asleep yet   got work in 3 hours haha
headin to work!! still got no sleep!!
gonna try for some sleep tonight!!!
late homework to do then sittin on my ass for the night   might go for a walk to clear my head  annoyed 
pissed off!!!!
pullin an all nighter again!!! hells to the yeah!!
gettin ready for my trip to <propfemale> tomorrow morning!!! nervous bout the job interview though   
back in ohio! tired as hell and not looking forward to work tomorrow   hope i didn't get fired!! lol
i didn't get fired!! hells to the yeah!!
waiting for sun to download   doin some readin then maybe some gamin later   
got work in 2 1 2 hours! guess i'm pullin an all nighter again! lol
bored!! tired of ohio! can't wait to move home!
none too happy right now!
home from work  went to the bar for a couple of drinks with my co-workers after work   had a good time 
got a bottle of captain and nobody to drink with    sad 
sittin at home doin nothin   gonna watch the fireworks by my lonesome self tonight   
   
"welcome to the united states of america   please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the american solider  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree   copy and paste in your status   god bless the usa and the people who protect it!!!!"
sittin around doing nothing on my day off!!  smile 
i think my <propfirst> is dying!
played some sun today it's pretty freakin awesome!!
pullin an all nighter   might take a few shots of rum for the hell of it   idk
sittin at home playin around on the interweb   
home from work   went to the bar with a friend from work   had 2 tall boy <propmale> lights and a shot of jack!!   feelin pretty good lol
sittin at home talkin to <propfirst> on the phone   got nothin else to do today
doin homework   woohoo!!
t h   love 
gettin ready for my trip to <propfemale>!!  smile 
headin home to <propfemale>!!
planning my trip to <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sooooo    i definately fell asleep at work today! lol
packing things up for my move back home at the end of the month!!!  smile 
afjasjfdasjdfajsdfljsadflasfffdfvncfiondscviou9qr7809734r9thsdfa87934r7erf46s4f6sd54fvgsdfsfa4dgsd5afvasd651sd6vasdv
5 more days!!!!
almost there!!
"so, if things keep going the way they are   i might not be moving out to <propfemale> after all!!"
tomorrow's the day!!!!!!!!!!   smile 
moving to <propfemale> today!!  smile 
loving life in <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
just chillin
uhh   just a bit bored
i feel like there's something i'm being called to do   i just don't know if i can
so i'm definately gonna do it!!!  no more trying to deny what's inside    it's who i am!!
just chillin   
bored    feelin like an idiot! lol
"hyped up on caffeine, chillin at home!!!"
just a little pissed off!!!!!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
chasing skinny rabbits!!
don't just sit there   do something with yourself!!
did you hear what i said?!!
when life gets you down            yeah   i got nothin   
so   pulling an all nighter   yay!!!
going to the bar with my bro   suit up!!
watching saw iv with some blue wave in hand   hells to the yeah!!
just a bit drunk!!!! that blue wave did me in pretty good lol!!! hells to the yeah!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
gettin some auto insurance   
got some auto insurance   
just chillin
is anybody reading this?
hello world    aren't you dead yet??
goin for a drive   
