2863eb1d48e4a10f4ad473720926a102
happy new year ya'll!
is back from nebraska
obay gravity --- it's the law!
"\knowing is only half the battle\"""""
is listening to the transformers score!
"\fate rarely calls on us in a moment of our choosing\"""""
knowledge of one's limitations and the ability to operate effectively within them are also strengths
"be quiet, why this anxious heed  about thy tangled ways? god knows them all, he giveth speed, and he allows delays  e  w "
is trying to think about the flow of water
has been thinking too much
just realized how cool watercolors are
gave my last speech for speech class  yeah for prunes!
is glad i gave my speech last week; too sick this week to give a speech
my cold is finally leaving me be
"like jesus out side the tomb of lazarus, i am angry at the sorrow that death causes"
is it weird for me to say that my favorite tv show right now is the old 1960's speed racer cartoon?
"yeah to christmas break! i hope everyone's finals went well, and all have a great christmas!"
"went to the doctor’s to have my annual physical and am now signed up for an mri  true test for claustrophobia, hehe    sigh"
"my dad, <propfemale>, and i survived and conquered the red ring of death in our xbox 360!! booya!!"
"gettin' ready to go to my mri, weee   "
surrvied the mri  i wonder how long the results will take 
happy new year everone!
"never received a water <propmale> in the mail for my apartment, so i looked at my internet account and sure enough i had a amount to pay, plus a late fee, sigh"
i karate chopped a bannana at the dinner table because i am a ninja!
loves learning from teachers that love to teach!
"woo! had a slightly stressful day where my car's engine light came on and, at first, wouldn’t go above 20 mph  but god was good and got me to class and later to a local hyundai dealership who fixed it up  yay  laugh "
"ugg  worked really hard to do and understand my csc333 assignment and was really proud of solving the answers  but the teacher updated the list of problems a day or so after i wrote down which ones they were, so i ended up failing that assignment miserably "
"i love that my two new bata fishes swim to the edge of thier tanks to greet me now  though, they demand that i feed them some yummy blood worms, i still think its cute  laugh "
"yay! just got out of my csc 333 test and it went really well! my other classmates said that it was really easy, but is that supposed to be a bad thing?  laugh "
"want something funny to laugh at? go to google, type in: 'where can i find <propmale> <propmale>', and press i'm feeling lucky   laugh "
homework
"is now 22  wow, how time flies "
"its my brithday, and i'm sick  but i feel so blessed, that i can hardly tell  laugh "
"in my dreams last night, i made up two really cool songs that i was jamming to  then i woke up and forgot them  sad day "
"was turned down for a summer internship  oh, well  it was a great e playful erience for the interview process  now i just need to figure out what to do with my summer "
yeah    made it! end of semester! wahoo!    *crashes*
"my <propfemale> is starting to talk words! or at least tries to, he mumbles a lot  laugh "
saku called himself a pretty bird today  laugh 
"life’s too short, too precious to live it in regret"
got an escort ride to my car in a upd squad car today!
"woke up feeling bad from my cold, then my toilet wouldn’t work, and then i dropped the toilet lip and it broke  sigh… going back to bed… "
"gave blood today at the sfa student ministries  ahh, the power of bribery by pizza  laugh "
