5f3a97ab2626745074f3b4d2a2384f40
is starin at random objects again
"is starting school again, but is way more excited to go to this one than high school  way more!"
thinks that electricity sucks 
just got all of his wisdom teeth removed  ow!!!
loves the avatar!!! i have a new favorite movie!!!! i have seen it 3 times in the past two weeks and am going back for more!!!
finally got my flight simulator x gold edition and thrustmaster t 16000m joystick!!!
now has two (2) computer monitors up and running together!!! and it's awesome!  laugh 
<propfirst> rockwell and <propfirst> kinkade are my favorite artists in the world!!!
is shocked he go the day off    but who's complaining!
finally just finished watching 2012    what an awesome movie!
just got another hdtv   
just got done playing fable ii for 7 hours straight!
is going to go see <propfemale> in wonderland in imax!
finally has texting!!!!!!!!!! yay!
computer is finally perfect!   intel pentium d cpu 2 80ghz with 4 gb of ram! not to mention 2 great games running smoothly at <propmale> graphics- flight simulator x: gold edition  and  age of empires: gold edition!!
why does it have to be fucking cloudy out!!!
needs to loose 80 lbs to join the united states <propfemale> corps!
needs to think of something to post as his status    
wants a cadillac eldorado!!!!!  sad  fuck!!!
just watched the last episode of avatar: the last airbender    and it was so badass!!!
"just got off from work, worked 11 hours straight! doing it again tomorrow!"
"went to the eye doctor today for a checkup, found out i have 20 10 vision! which is absolutely perfect vision if you didn't know!"
today was a beautiful day! a little sun burnt on the shoulders but its all good!  laugh 
"great day to be on the island today! to bad i can't stay longer!  crying   today was great though! knees sore from pedaling, ass sore from sitting, burnt a little on my face and arms    but i wouldn't trade this day for anything!"
xbox day!
"i love my new computer!!! asus cm5570, pentium dual-core  cpu e5300 @ 2 60 ghz, with 6 gb ddr3!!!!!!!"
can't wait for saturday!!!
another fun day at work in the sweat box!
had the most amazing weekend!!! went by way too fast!
had an interesting weekend    not really looking forward to the week    lol
another day    *sigh*
off to florida for 2 weeks tomorrow morning! i'm going to miss my computer lol! at least i'll have my xbox!
"destroyed my phone by jumping in a pool when it was in my poket! and insurance lied to us and they wont cover it! but florida is still fun, forecast calls for rain every single day lol!"
celebrating in florida my grandpa's 90th birthday!
95 degrees out and at the beach!
"finally back from florida! good to be home! overall i drove 2,772 mi! coming back i drove straight through for 20 hours doing 1,230 mi! that was a fun vacation!"
"enjoying a nice day! t-bone steaks, hamburgers, and sausage on the bbq!!  laugh "
had a fun time at university of michigan with <propfemale> armitage!!!
"just saw a ferrari 308, ferrari 458 italia, and aston <propfirst> vantage all within 10 minuets while going through downtown birmingham!!!"
had a good night!!!
at university of michigan with <propfemale> armitage! go blue!
"ran this morning, felt pretty good!"
just got done seeing jackass 3d
"had a great time at necto last night with <propfemale> alltruthsandnolies <propmale>, and <propfemale> armitage!!!"
"r i p - limewire: may 29th, 2000- october 26th, 2010    you will be missed!  sad "
about to see hereafter with my mom at birmingham paladium 8!
????
"3 years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you! 10 years old: mom whatever    17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years old: i wanna leave this house  35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom's house  50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i    would    give up everything for my mom to be here with me    \post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom!!!"
alright university of michigan! way to go! tate isn't so bad after all! lol
"just got done with another morning run! running isn't that bad, the more you do it, the easier it gets!"
school  yay 
just got done with a 2 mile run  watching the lions game! happy thanksgiving! go lions!!!
"rumack (<propfirst> nielsen): can you fly this plane, and land it? \<propmale> striker (<propfirst> hays): surely you can't be serious  \rumack (<propfirst> nielsen): i am serious    and don't call me shirley \\rip <propfirst> nielsen, you will be missed"
why can't it just snow and stick already?!!
yes!!! way to go lions!!!
fuck!!!
driving down to florida with <propfemale> archer to go see <propfirst> e patterson!!!
"i love spanish soap operas, even though i can't understand a word they are saying!!! lol they are nice to look at!"
finally back from florida!!!
just signed up at planet fitness!
?_??
just got done watching the extended avatar the movie in 1080p on my computer! finally after 7 days of downloading off the internet!!! (its a 16gb file!)
i hate the winter sun  ???(?_?)???
i love snow!!!
