d25ea2bb15b11732e313c76843c00c93
is loved by <propmale> 
loves <propmale> <propmale> 
fukken kweerz 
sleeps better with you here 
feeling sick-ish  hope to sleep it off  third shift will wreck a chick 
bleh 
has thwarted nature with her spf 80+ block 
you must be an illusion 
is a professional napper 
what've you got to lose?
"without <propfirst> may's, i don't know what to buy   "
is the token vagina  you are welcome 
are you a riddle to solve?
my first born son will be named lion-o
is marinating in hair dye 
"there is intense, and then there is me   oh ya "
is more than a little excited about staying for asu 
how on earth could i be anymore obvious? it never really did and now it's never gonna happen with the two of us 
browsing the internets for shopping 
my feet hardly make a sound when walking on the <propfemale> 
thinks <propfirst> hawking is truly the key to the secrets of the universe 
there are a million reasons why it will never be you 
i'm not sorry there's nothing to say 
just stop it 
love feel you do 
i wouldn't have it any other way 
"<propfirst> cheek: \there is no way to cleverly indicate that i shoot paper towels from my nips \"""""
is down with this jive 
was chilling with the goddamn batman earlier 
loves love 
is better  < 3
is totally settled in with her asu schedule 
has caught the death 
it would be such a beautiful moment to see the look on your face  to see that you know now 
"stalker's my whole style and if i get caught i'll deny, deny deny   "
is scared of always wondering 
"it's a lonely truth, that i can't change you "
is free from the sin that is work 
"i ain't got no dope  all i got's my forty  i ain't got nobody, baby, that i can call my shorty "
apply for part- or full-time romance 
shit  i <propfirst> the disappointment card  can i get a re-do?
"pay attention, my love, 'cause it's over "
"<propfemale> oshea, i do not know who you are  why is facebook so focused on suggesting you?"
is totally moving in with the coolest guy ever 
this is just nonsense 
"\put your mouth on my lips\"" makes me think of cpr   not sexy """
needs a roommate  any takers?
notices an unusually large amount of statuses dedicated to god  is there a wave of miracles happening that i am missing out on?
"'cause you and i, why we go carrying on for hours on end  we get along much better than you and your girlfriend "
"sitting in her new apartment  and a little unsure of what to do next    goodness, i need a roommate "
is a surefire adult now 
builds rocking entertainment centers from milk crates  i fucking rock 
is having some shower 
"canada, you music me so good "
thinks every girl should go free-balling at some point 
i  merely  enjoy hurting people and ruthlessly advancing my own interests  is that so wrong?
"if you don't shoot it, how am i supposed to hold it? give my gun away when it's unloaded "
blergh this mess 
yes 
has a secret lesbian crush on <propfemale> degeneres 
sad fact: nazi kittens are just as cute as regular kittens 
no words  no talk  just dreaming 
p s                                      i love you 
is the trouble you look for 
is now a brunette beauty 
is torn between naming her new kitten <propmale> or <propmale>  perhaps a combo   maxierre 
why do lab reports have to be so damn hard? it's just regurgitating information  why 
i'm sinking like a stone in the sea  i'm burning like a bridge for your body 
<propmale> is sleeping in his litterbox    crazy kitten 
"\that's it?\"" but i know what you really mean  you mean: \""awww that's it \"" 'cause two minutes in heaven are better than one minute in heaven """
robots and dinosaurs rule my mind 
the death will be the death of me 
i really need to find a roommate 
this is a hatchet-to-the-face kind of day 
"but life, turns out it's nothing but a dream  and i'll miss it when it's gone  i want the story to go on and on and on and on and on  but it can't go on "
judge if you want  we are all going to die  i intend to deserve it 
let's play a love game 
my fear of bears has bypassed rationality and now encompasses even gummi bears 
is procrastinating this paper so damn gooooooood 
"confessingly, this is the first time i've loved you, and god i mean it, god i mean it, i hope i mean it "
damn this paper and it's need to stifle my writing creativity 
i shan't suffer this torture any further 
boooooyfriennnnnnd 
"baby, this is love  i'll come down to hell to keep you company "
my kittens multiplied  i am the kitten messiah  there is now maxierre and nine   <propfirst> cheek named them both  he is surrogate daddy  i loves my crazy cat lady tendencies 
"ohgawd,doubleshifts,holycrapi'mtired "
is rocking legend of dragoon 
by the beard of <propfirst> <propfemale>!
well shit 
i will just turn off the lights to hide my shame 
well if you wanted honesty   
maybe i did steal your heart  and i am such a perfect criminal  that you never even noticed 
stop pulling on my heartstrings; i'm not your puppet made to dance 
fuck yes  it went through!
the wall next to my desk in my history class reads:    <propmale> pittman gave me syphilis 
my name is <propfemale> and i will love you the best way that i know how 
i've got lips that long to kiss you 
facebook chat hates me  fyi 
   someday 
: where did i go wrong?
my love is the perfect crime 
"run, polanski, run!"
adult billz suck 
is hungry  damned piercing   
love is all you need 
"life is very short and there is no time for fussing and fighting, my friend  i have always thought it was a crime  "
motherfucking cheez its 
"what are some favorite passages from divine comedy? help plz  full passages, not quotes "
"oh, receiving end of sirens, you brighten my morning "
has her passion back 
"teeth whitening, yay!"
i think i want a tattoo of wonka's boat speech   
isn't afraid to say she is more than you can handle 
is fucking sick of your bullshit 
moar cawfee
"they were stealing a kiss  look at their lips, still shiny  "
is going out   laugh 
had a super time 
   what's with the red boots?
grawr 
does not squeal when she is excited 
must be an illusion 
cannot write a conclusion paragraph to save her life 
"first, gas  then, jonesboro "
you've got my heart in a headlock 
"damn you, <propfemale>, and your ability to make me question my sexuality "
i think i kind of like you   love 
"wanna make out and kiss hard, wait, nevermind "
life is a heck of a lot more fun with you around 
is still covered in paint 
moar 
"\oh!\""  \""what?\""  \""your tongue ring startled me   \"""""
is a'firin' her lazorz 
"i immediately judge people on how lovely our children would be and how well my name would blend with theirs in a marriage ceremony   which, of course, are the only reasonable ways to pick a mate "
is the boss 
would rather be pantless 
they call me mellow yellow 
workworkworkworkworkrushtothebankworkworkworkshovelinfoodworkworktakealittlenapworkworkwork 
is going to kill nien 
is giddy for later 
lurv the rain 
 love  i hate <propfemale> 
just realized she hasn't eaten all day 
"paranormal activity scared the shit out of me in a way that hasn't happened since i was 6, watching chuckie, and still collecting porcelain dolls "
"is having a nap  text me sometime, <propfemale> "
has a kickin' batman tongue ring 
i love being your loser 
 love  _  love 
o-[ love   love ]-o  robots love too 
mine - jmh
"when you leave, my colors fade to gray  little lover stay  all my colors fade away "
c-c-c-combo breaker!
so good it's almost too much to believe  it's your slow sweet smile tells me you always know exactly what it is i need 
is sporting some tiger ears 
"heaven, have mercy on me "
"\bang!\"" goes the gun """
"<propmale> is cooking for me, omg   love "
fuck the alliance 
lawl  proof that <propmale> has emotions:   he suggested we go off to canada and elope  win for <propfemale> 
"mr  fate, it's always a pleasure to have you here   love "
listen  the bells ring  the living are dead and all the dead are living  the war is over  this is the beginning 
love me dead 
will name her second born son alastaer 
"i kind of sort of like you a lot more than i had originally planned, <propmale>   love "
no  : [
and the wait is over   love 
made cupcakes with boy tonight  and they were good   love 
i don't add people  people add *me *
klutzy <propfemale> does not grace 
shit  accidentally in love 
more cupcakes  lemon this time  i am a baking fool!
who the hell is this <propfirst> bieber kid?
i wonder if he knows he is all i think about before i fall asleep 
don't leave me high  don't leave me dry 
babyluv   
"yo ho! all together, hoist the colors high  heave ho, thieves and beggars  never shall we die "
i am the mastermind 
yum  vanilla cake with a white chocolate gonash all covered in milk chocolate icing 
melting white chocolate  resisting urge to cram said chocolate in face-hole 
just the two of us 
scorpions are a deadly mixture of arachnid and lobster  *fear*
"heaven, have mercy on us "
"<propmale> <propmale>, you are super awesome "
"jake: a sex god with a massive penis and long wavy hair he has a penis of about 17 inches and is a god of sex  he is known for giving people malevolent orgasms with only a calculator   thank you, urban dictionary "
"an entire weekend of <propmale> potter, ohmehgawd! with e playful anded scenes and a new director's cut never before seen! my word!"
"i loves you, boifrehnd "
"\this is the worst rape ever! it doesn't even feel good  all you are doing is hurting me  stop that \"""""
"oh, furries  you have such silly sexual desires "
being a hobo is the best plan i could ever come up with 
"furniture shopping! for i am an adult, you see "
is agnostically polytheistic 
"thinks the \learn about your personality by what position how much sex you have!\"" quizzes are trashy and posting them makes you look sleazy """
"thom yorke, i like you more than silly ol' radiohead "
"damn, pandora  you sure are on ball today "
you gotta nerve to be asking a favor  you gotta nerve to be calling this number  we've been through this before 
it's always better when i'm with you 
woke up alone 
has an intense love for charming mustaches 
dreams of <propmale> men in steampunk worlds 
"all that i'm after is a life full of laughter, as long as i'm laughing with you [jake harris] "
had her debit card turned off for being in debt and just found twenty-six dollars in her pocket  fuck yes   mlia 
proud member of d a 
your love means everything 
would be a christian if <propfirst> <propmale> were god 
"<propmale>'s new favorite toy is a drinking straw  he will just cart that sucker around in his mouth, bounding and purring   god help the one that tries to take it from him "
"you're a bitch, but i love you anyway "
ships marigold x angus 
"has super love for you, mr  <propmale> <propmale>  you're a peach "
silly workplace is silly 
is one less lonely girl   love 
likes being a super nerd  it's my thing 
is incessantly worrying about what fatal disease might be currently eating away at her vital organs 
is a jerk 
i think i'm falling for you 
"just got off work  graveyard shift, booo "
"<propmale> i am <propfemale>  i like things  i am dumb  love, <propmale> "
"is going to kick your ass, <propmale> <propmale> "
who the frick   !?!
ebay is wearing out my f5 key   
vargas girls  yusplox 
"i love you, but i've chosen darkness "
"oh gawd, mysterygoogle has eaten my spare time "
"oh lawdy, thom yorke! how lovely! -jams to not-christmas tunes on christmas-"
tonight's the night i shed my wicked soul 
has got a hot date today 
it's a snack  but more than that? it's also a pack 
"my name is <propfemale> and i will love you the best that i know how, but you have got to help me out "
little lover stay 
"more often than not, feels an irresistable urge to scroll through all status updates and comments just to correct any and all misspellings "
you are beautiful 
"ebay, don't fail me now "
wants to tinker with metal bits 
"bought a masonic pocket watch on accident  thanks, mom "
and force we will use 
<propfemale> makes me want to be a cooler person 
"now, i don't believe in soulmates, but you are pretty damn close "
loves you the most 
just a'waiting for <propmale> to get off work  then we're going to party all drunken and hardcore and whatnot  totes srs 
i want a pedobear pillow pet 
"robots, please "
   i dropped my fall semester and still managed to pass my world lit ii class  o o
"one of those days, eh? one of those days   "
has been productive  this day just might be salvaged 
is wrangling her some classes to be a student this next semester  appointment tomorrow with an adviser  huzzah!
is in no mood for your defensive sass  calm your rage 
"has had the best day ever   i met with my adivser and have made it to school this semster  on the way to his office, i found a $20 <propmale> in the grass  i go to the mall and despite having an upgrade in bra size, <propfemale>'s secret manages to find me some super cute sale items  i used a $100 gift card and the $20 for the three-dollar-and-some-change tax "
"i take my boyfriend to lunch on the rest  my check at lunch is exactly $15  i still have money for a tip  in the middle of lunch, he surprises me with a phenomenal sapphire necklace  i absolutely love him  10 10 rating "
babby  i wants it 
"   got called into third shift  job hunting, plz "
needs some of your fabulous affections 
is pure energy 
laughs at you 
my new genre is children's erotic fiction 
   and ash rains down from the heavens  the apocalypse is nigh! prepare yourselves!
business time 
time to browse some new mmo's 
things unknown to me  things i couldn't see  you know i've never cried  my distance became falsified 
is hungry  where's some food   
hahaha  win 
   um  what?
shit just got real 
just cannot sleep 
is stupid-hungry 
"good day is good  i love you, <propmale> baby "
is retarded  durrrr durrr durrrrrr durrrrrrrrrrr
doesn't like you some days 
this went super well   laugh 
we descended like vultures 
wonders why you don't seem to like me anymore 
methinks it might be naptime  love 
no more silly squabbles 
fuck this noise  i'm going to the <propfemale> 
it's a muse kind of day 
"oh god, too many blankets!"
is loved by her boyfriand 
has defeated the hunger with fruity pebbles 
"<propmale> <propmale>, you sure are dandy!"
is going to come to your house and kick your mom to death while you watch 
"\   no  we will not use the ninja turtles to name our future kids \"""""
"take that, rude health clinic woman! i win!"
no more going to the dark side with your flying saucer eyes  no more falling down a wormhole that i have to pull you out 
nuwai 
so much rage 
voldemort is baffled by <propmale>'s apparent lack of the ablity to die 
can save you hundreds of dollars on car insurance 
"if i could be so bold, i'd ask you told hold my heart in your hand   love "
i love you  quit raging at me 
"is gonna be your girl, <propmale> <propmale>   love "
"oh lawdy, <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale>!"
"would like to be with <propmale>, doing some silent hill kind of business "
"have fun on wow  i'll have fun being alone tonight  you jerk     i love you, <propmale> "
's ovaries are showing 
is getting bored of facebook 
"is a doctor, not a scientist, dammitt!"
tall socks are necessary for snow trudging 
would like a roomful of kittens and puppies please 
my hobby: perusing facebook pictures of old high school enemies while cheering on how fat you got 
murr and other such growls of discontent
food needs  growing desperate  and weak  body fading fast  the light is so  bright 
"   hot wings  but no salad, guys "
has finally decided <propmale> the kitten is an asshole 
cooked some snazzy manicotti for her man   love 
is in a remarkable relationship with <propmale> <propmale>    love 
we will be reborn in the cold womb of the ocean 
dreamed a badass wiccan dream involving some guy named sargon 
"oh, dhs, how i loathe you so "
has the dumb 
"aspires to be emeril, without the pompous catchphrases and unecessary band "
is in the family way 
is wasting time on faecbook instead of getting ready for work  making the right choice? i sure think so 
slipped in a puddle at work today and has a ghastly tear in her <propfemale>  dx
"no, that's cool, guy  we are totally friends  no worries, k?"
has anyone heard anything about <propfemale> henson? i need to reach her plz 
lololololol@roxxxy the new talking sex doll  <propfemale> at it's finest application 
does not sleep well with you not here   annoyed 
feels rather sexy today 
speaks a mongrel language 
is a happy momma bear 
jurassic park is the shit 
<propmale> needs to love me more 
   why doesn't work ever get cancelled for weather? *sigh*
sort of fancies the new facebook  it only looks complicated 
"oh, blah blah blah, your needs "
is getting ravaged by this baby 
watching armageddon with mom  papa bear is the sexiest black man alive 
blergh  work 
"shut up, icp  you haven't earned the right to talk "
"   facebook, what you doin' now, eh?"
"<propmale> <propmale>, you sure are snazzy"
spent the day with <propmale>  sure was swell  i love that boy 
"feels an extreme lack of <propfirst>'s creativity, but does not want to suck up it up and purchase love "
ohgodbrokensleepsotiredneedanap 
's legs and feet hurt  massage plzkthx 
has a pretty momma 
yum  spinach dip and lays chips followed by a bowl of raisin bran crunch to soothe the stomach 
subtext!
it has been a sloooow night 
the only thing irritating about <propfirst>'s day are those that whine about how lonely they are or who complain about how commercialized a holiday it is 
"oh, so i see the floor is here "
slept a lovely sleep 
has some hunger  maybe if i had a loving boyfriend to attend to my needs   
took some pictures finally  i enjoy days off with <propmale>   love 
is just an alliance in love with a horde  *sigh*
<propmale> suprised me with lunch at casa brava! he even splurged on dessert! i am so spoiled   laugh 
slipped on the ice at the bottom of the stairs  my knee hurts  ]:
has joined a cake decorating class! step 1 for owning my own cakery has been enacted!
anyone know any good stuffed animal sewing pattern sites? looking for something to  make teh babby 
would love to be a pastry chef 
has an unpleasant cough 
needs a raise or a new job 
has taken sick 
attempt #1 to be creative 
"wtf, facebook "
"ohhhh god, sickness "
doctor says nausea gets me medicine  *sigh* another pill 
"illness, begone!"
's throat is on fire 
has had better days 
"a soothing bath, perhaps?"
survived work 
   house cleaning  *sigh*
omg i lurv hisself!  love  love  love  love  love 
so much rage in one little girl 
has got blisters on her fingers 
is babby excited 
   boyfriends  8|
"oh, <propmale> urkel!"
i'm so obsessed  my heart is bound to beat right out my chest 
"oh, the ravaging hunger that strikes me so!"
the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had 
pregnancy makes it way harder for me to not be a jerk 
murrr  i have to babysit the children at work today 
house hunting!
i'm awesome because i'm me  -points to self-
dreaming a funny dream 
doesn't want to do all this alone 
is your soul sister 
is your soul 
"bought some ring pops  oh, nostalgia!"
recovery from work 
these sweettarts have never tasted so good   love  love  love 
bought her puppy a badass harness  poison skulls all over it  hahaha  yes 
had a good night with dad   love 
work is blargh 
has been on her feet since six o'clock this morning  pain is pain 
ms  pacman 
jalapeno cheddar fries 
"ya, aggressive-aggressive, ya!"
woke up to red <propfemale> cake  oh lawdy!
birthday naps with boyfriend sure are swell  let there be cake 
dislikes going to eat fancy dinners as she will inevitably lose them later that night 
"facebook chat, you are fucking my night up  way to go "
is no longer friends with the dastardly fellow <propfirst> cheek  anti-heart 
full work week is full 
"oh, national geographic  you sure come up with the craziest things "
"shut up, <propfirst> pattinson  and take a bath "
sleep medicine creates job complications   annoyed 
full metal jacket  love 
how about a shower? yes please 
"blahblahblahblahblah<something interesting that spark controversy and or clever responses>blahblahblah oh god, please notice how neat i am "
getting some new glasses   love 
is going to dinner?
is bored with the internets 
12 weeks 
would like to sport a fancy moustache 
today is cake day!
youda best 
"oh god, rain  -plays-"
 joyful  <propmale> got me where the wild things are   love 
"facebook, why you having troubles?"
is finally home from work and has played with zelek  it is now naptime   love 
and the lightening strikes 
   snow white it playing on abcfamily  -watches-  laugh 
my life would be empty were it not for qc 
is officially rockin' some nerd glasses  photos to come   love 
is dating a rather snazzy gentleman   love 
i totally own my first pair of maternity pants   laugh 
"it's a new <propfemale>, it's a new day, it's a new life for me "
will om your nom 
social darwinism has been activated  know your place 
lounging in bed all day is pretty nice when there's a cute boy to join you 
"oh, xkcd, you always know what i want "
my fat ass says no to denim today 
<propmale> harris: you have an incredible gf  that is all 
is pretty snazzy 
hears a heartbeat tomorrow   laugh 
ohshitnewpictures love 
is having phone troubles 
this is our baby and we have every right to be happy about it to whomever we want 
 laugh  zelek has hiccups 
is going to work and adult swim is still playing  this is suck 
's momma sent her flowers at work!  love 
is feeling rather poorly  <propmale> doesn't want to take care of me 
alien and the resulting sequels are awful 
"man, people whine a lot on here "
is making a baked potato  : d
"get outta my way, saturn "
cap'n knuckles is cap'n a yew!
made a kickass cake 
getting ready for job #2 
"a bite of food, then off to job #1 "
"is free to dream of steampunk worlds  goodnight, lovelies "
is awake!
i am hungry and also being abused by a 15lb puppy  this is an awful combination 
"captain planet, he's my hero "
job #2 
is gunna eat you 
parasite shows on discovery channel always get me nervous 
you make it easier when life gets hard 
"well played, <propfemale>, well played "
"bedtime  g'bye, world   love "
nerdy drunken makeouts  i love you jeph   love 
did not break the corn 
"boy howdy, do i love nerd boyfriend  <propmale> <propmale> , you sure are wonderful   love "
would like to wear a formal dress today  a pretty deep green 
"it is difficult to dress shop online when i know by the time they arrive, i will probably be too preggers to wear them "
has the queasies 
"i love you, <propfemale> "
is hanging out with dad today 
can totally kick your ass 
it might just be <propmale> and cheese time 
river monsters is a terrifying show 
"oprah winfrey, you are ruining my nature shows "
has absolutely nothing interesting to say today 
drinking milk from the jug just makes it taste all the better  yawm 
is pretty razzed about her new job   love 
is feeling some hunger  quick! someone bring me some subway 
does not want to be up this early  no 
has decided to do non-denominational egg decorating this year with <propmale> 
loves sunflowers 
would like to watch dark <propfemale> now  
really enjoys wearing boyfriend's clothes 
oh god  kfc mashed potatos and milk from the jug  life  is  good 
fucking april fool's day   
they cannot control us   
is feeling some sleepy 
is also hungry   
i'll be your friend and i'll be your lover 
my spoon is too big 
listening to people bitch about flowers can really give you an awful headache 
does not roll around in spiced meats 
is awake much too early to deal with angry people 
's body hurts 
got a surprise movie trip to see how to train your dragon  i'm kind of pretty ecstatic about that <propmale> <propmale> boy 
<propfemale> lies self-slain in the garden 
is tired from cleaning the house  it is animal crossing time 
is an emotional hurricane 
"supposes it's bed time now  mostly from boredom  goodnight, lovelies "
is having cheetos for breakfast  cheetos and dasani 
is pretty snazzed about her bangin' new sunglasses 
s m peters is a marvelous writer and i more than recommend him to anyone looking for a new author 
"i taught my puppy to pick me flowers  oh god, so cute "
is gonna go stomp a bitch 
love is like an aero plane  you're jumping then you're praying  lucky ones remain in the clouds for days 
zelek is rockin' a badass pink collar  he looks so pimp  <propmale> hates it   love 
would really like to eat some m&ms right about now 
has officially purchased her first set of onesies and newborn diapers  this shit is real 
is pretty in love with <propmale>  yup 
the rain is cold  oh goodness 
took that nap and made it her bitch 
is going to eat a bowl of cocoa pebbles and enjoy a big ass orange  this is good 
is destroying a bowl of crunch berries 
just burned the dickens out of her thumb 
is having one of *those* days 
you are in so much fucking trouble 
just spent the last two hours fighting with her internet  i hate technology 
did not win the powerball yesterday 
this has just been a terrible day 
my hobby: randoming xkcd comics until i am either too depressed or confused to keep clicking the mouse 
is binging on sinestro 
my baby is as big as a turnip 
"would like a good night of sleep, please "
is going to spend the day cleaning the house and then potential house0hunting this afternoon 
is tired of scolding <propmale> 
has had no luck so far looking for a house  what kind of place goes for $700 monthly with only three bedrooms one bath?
is very okay with her new zaftig look  i can rock it 
just ate at sonic and realized she is still ravenous 
"would like <propmale> to see her  after work, but he's too good for that, now isn't he?"
loaded like a gun 
razzamatazz 
anyone want a puppy? he is three months old  a lab mix  he's house-trained  the apartment is just too small for him  he needs a good yard 
"social dawinism: know your place, bitch "
superfast jellyfish 
i don't care if monday's blue  
sad daily comics are sad 
job application today 
i love you 
coloured the shit out of a sunflower 
please don't go  i want you to stay 
love is a verb 
-sigh- procrastination over  time to do taxes 
is very tired 
lol @ gustave the crocodile 
impulse haircut makes me feel sexy  will post pictures 
has had a ridiculously productive day 
is very tired but is unable to sleep  thank goodness <propmale> is here    love 
doctor appointment at nine a m  why is this not sleep tiem?
oh god it's early  baby doctor and then more sleep 
babys' heartbeat was 151  we find out the sex on the seventh  may  7th   love 
naps sure are swell 
needs new pants   some that fit  :  
"look, facebook, i just want to play a game of scrabble  stop making this difficult "
is playing the system today 
there are no hugs in a gentleman's battle 
has a job interview today 
"no  <propfemale> wakowski does not live here  please stop calling me, mr  colletctor "
really does have the best boyfriend imaginable  i love you <propmale> <propmale> 
there are some very grungy children running around wal-mart in packs today  it was a little terrifying 
the seventh cannot get here fast enough   
why is it so damn hard to find one full-length video of a comedian?
captain crunch and a few rolos  what more could a gal want?
is pretty sure she just found the crib she wants  productive day!
hey <propmale>? you're kind of awesome 
<propmale> took me on a rather enjoyable date  how lovely!
d'aww  sleepy boyfriend is sleepy   love 
is trying to convince <propmale> to follow through with his promise to take me to memphis this weekend 
sooo  i was having a terrible day  but then <propfirst> <propmale> came to my rescue with baby shower plannings  i do love him so   love 
loves the silly foreign boy at subway who hit on her   love 
puppy goes to his new home today  -sigh-
does not like you and hopes you know this 
i have friends 
is rather charmed by this boyfriend of hers 
is binging one some stars  this is good 
at home gender prediction tests are funny   laugh 
heaaaaaaadache 
"i bought a \new mom 2010\"" shirt today  it feels great  and a little cheesy   laugh """
would love to be eating some ihop right now 
is crankin 
cannot keep track of the days 
"oh, modcloth  your swimsuits are divine "
3:42 p m  might be the new naptime 
"this year, i'm thinking the pin up girl kind of swimwear "
<propmale> and i fed the fish at the pond cheese nips! what a grand afternoon!
emotional day was emotional  sleep time to restock on silly tears  g'night world 
mall shopping has made me sleeeeeeepy 
good nap was good 
will not be buying gender neutral outfilts much longer 
i loves <propfemale> klum 
bitchin'
would like a boyfriend that was awake while hanging out with me rather than asleep 
fun rain is fun 
is going to feed some turtles chocolate cheerios 
that was easily the worst night of sleep i have ever had  thank goodness i didnt' have to sleep alone   _ 
is not happy 
first day on the job and already have a nemesis  lololololololol @ my life 
is very very full of steak  tasty!
has 12 days until baby-sex-find-out day  oh goodness!
i am thinking it might be time for some spring river funnsies 
you know what's nice? not being 20+ years and still going to prom 
"i know how lazy it is, but i loooooooooooove online pizza orders "
must find pants thatfit 
"my beloved, do you know   "
meh  bed time  must work on the morrow 
mehhhh  day two of traininz 
bweee! finally off work 
baby causes an uncomfortable amount of back pain 
bowl of cereal and then bed times 
went grocery shopping on break  and now an attempt to ingest food  i like new job 
i have hurty feet 
is so sleepy  so very very sleepy 
wild russia 
ohgodsleeeepy  work tomorrow from eight to five  g'baiwooorld 
freedom from the master that is lowe's!
i would really like my baby to have <propmale>'s elf ears 
i would do anything for a good footrub  -sigh-
">__>  we ran out of spoons, so i used an ice cream scoop to eat cereal   "
"oh god, early "
"do not regale me with every minute thought that crosses your otherwise empty mind  i, nor anyone else, gives a damn "
has gotten very baby fat recently  oh my 
"last day for the week  oh, days off, here i come!"
   works again tomorrow  days off are for chumps 
hooray for shoe inserts!
"so i was bangin' this chick, right?"
is pulling a mid shift today  you shant be without my presence long!
"oh god, there was a spider in the shower and i tried to kill it, but it ninja'd away  now i have a revenge spider on the loose  ohshit "
"had a pretty razzin' day  you are all so jealous  especially that bitch, <propfirst> prks"
baaaaaaaaah  bad dreams 
just wanted some donuts for breakfast  fuck 
bad day 
i am much too lazy to get gas this morning and shall instead bum a ride off of someone   laugh 
i'm gonna break your heart and get away with murder 
"you're a jerk, <propmale> <propmale> "
sooo  i put a dollar in the machine to get a dr  pepper   and five more spit out  holy shit 
very sleepy and feels less than positive 
hot momo is everything i want to be 
is going to the park to make those weird ass spinny seats her bitch  word 
tomorrow is my last day of thinking of baby as genderless 
babybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybabybaby
and @<propmale> <propmale> are having a lady baby!
rages at traffic today  lawdy 
lol @ the lovely young mexican lad that wished me a happy mother's day 
writtle babeh ger!
loves her little family 
gets a surprising amount of exercise just from putting on some jeans 
had a pretty razzin' day with madre 
hoorah for target registry!
"<propmale> is having a fit about jaydis, so the search continues  -sigh-"
liek a bawss 
is going to memphis with <propmale> today for baby shopping browsing 
had a pretty swell day with the <propmale>  babies sure are neat 
wooooork  nine to six 
"has had a very nice day  lunch with <propfemale> simpson, new baby name books, and went home from work an hour early to find a cute young man lounging in my bed  how delightful!"
so <propmale> debunked jaydis as a name  therefore  we have finally agreed on wryn ainsley <propmale> for our little girl to be 
a thunderdome challenge should be the common solution to everyday obstacles 
new clothes!
is off from work!
it's ridiculous how often you break your promises and either don't seem to notice or don't care  i'm not sure which one is more upsetting  yeah  sweet dreams to you too 
oh xkcd  thank you for brightening my day 
baby wryn is hungry 
smells ketchup   annoyed 
dislikes her procrastinating boyfriend 
had a pretty damn good day today  mm yes 
early job is less than fun 
they will not destroyyyyy usssss 
having some rage control issuse today 
my dreams are beyond unusual   annoyed 
name-searching leads to the largest fights 
is browsing some new phones 
my full sized mattress officially no longer supports a grown man and his pregnant lady 
"oh god, home cooked spaghetti  yawm "
it's like my heart is a sad little man 
is much too tired for this nonsense today 
i would much rather be spending this evening with <propmale> watching <propfirst> farley and gang walk the big walk 
i want <propfemale> corn  i need this 
is preparing for the work front  it will be one of *those* days 
this is feeling like a dr  horrible kind of day 
bleh  i need a  sweet and loving boyfriend to coddle and pamper me tonight 
"is awake, sweet jesus why??"
is really something special 
"i do not need my sliced cheese \loaded\"" with bacon  thank you """
is very very tired  working eight to two 
baddayatwork 
subway is the shit 
has a pretty wonderful boy 
bought some snazzy new curtains for the baby's room!
this sour green apple big league chew is the *best* gum i have ever chewed  oh god 
is making oreo bonbons 
i think river monsters might be my favorite show right now 
needs to go swimming 
"that's enough, <propfirst> mencia "
it's a brand new day 
just finished watching <propfemale> trek with <propmale>   love 
jakkkkkkke   love 
would like to find another job 
needs more tall socks 
   friend request denied 
"is hopefully getting a new phone friday, thanks to the male component of her parental unit   love  dad "
yummy sub sandwiches 
rescued and returned the neighboor's kitten  i wish i had kept it instead   
8== laugh 
"is pretty razzed about her new phone, mattress, shirts, and shoes  dad days are the best "
   census bureau  gah 
wait  i'm a woman; i have sandwich e playful erience  i should apply at a sub shop!
is pretty damn excited about these hot wings 
does not feel good   love  boyfriend to make me feel better 
baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahworkbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
feels less than positive and work is not helping that very much 
"is very tired, but excited to see boyfriend tonight "
is the calm before the storm 
is with her baby and the baby  it's a good thing 
sickness 
is awake and sickly 
dislikes this food-body disagreement situation 
found a new webcomic  ^___^
i read postsecret in hopes that someone with my problems will tell me how to fix them 
is rather baby-excited today 
momma is home!
the best time to wear a striped sweater   
cupcake hunting 
found her pregnancy-approved swimsuit!
epicute com is the most adorable site i have ever visited 
is pretty crazy about that boy <propmale> <propmale>   love 
"i would really like to sit down and watch the dark <propfemale> right about now  yes, please "
is going swimming!
invented a new swim move  the jellyfish 
would like to talk to her boyfriend please 
feels silly   annoyed 
apparently has a working laptop?
is hungry 
"thick and thin, baby, we'll get through it all "
"man, fb sure is depressing today  cheer up, sad clowns "
had a baby doctor appointment today  they surprised me with another ultrasound! for certain a girly baby   laugh 
jamming out to muse while cleaning the house 
just got her nails did 
has a way better boyfriend than you   love 
"man, you are really annoying "
"i am watching a commercial that is advertised to stop sleep farts  because sleep farts are the leading cause of divorce  \better marriage blanket \"" wtf """
pokemon movie marathon? well i know what *i'm* doing today!
you are all fags 
anyone need their house cleaned?
does not like being so much farther down on your list of priorities 
"more housing cleaning today  oh, it never ends "
is jewelry browsing 
 rage
shanalogicking 
is off to bed  early morning swim time with the boyfriend  : )
is customizing her own ring   metalwork
 love  <propfemale> gold
freya <propfemale> <propmale>   love 
wants a little goat 
donoteatthoseyouwilldie!
*sniffle*
so how's your quiet desperation going?
it is much harder to swim when your center of gravity has changed and you do not know how to compensate 
needs <propfemale> corn 
two can keep a secret if one of them is dead 
would like time to take more <propmale> photos  i sure do fancy those 
neurotic 
 love  <propmale>
wants to go to kleinfeld's 
jerk turbo tax saying everything was all good and clear  you liar 
"don't feel bad, army recruiter guy  you had a nice pitch  just  you know  baby "
has had a busy day of workforce and dhs  i am very tired 
is pretty excited about this move-in thing 
"i like to comment once on a long thread, disappear, and show back up right at the end to comment regardless of whether i have any idea what is going on "
"and now, it gets better!  love  <propmale>"
is not very good at this pregnancy business 
is pretty excited about the next three workless days with <propmale> 
   i may have just witnessed a commercial advocating infidelity  wut
is pretty thrilled about these steaks she's marinating 
enjoys putting dinner together for her little family   love 
it's like rain on your wedding day 
"is establishing a new sims 3 family  hooray, fat girl <propfemale>!"
"if i could go back in time, i wouldn't stop hitler; i would go back to something bigger  i would let jesus live  what would that do?"
wants to go to a water park 
watching e3 
broke a nail while moving furniture  dammit 
has a wonderful dad who bought her both a new comforter and <propfemale> corn 
washing the new bedding for our snazzy new <propfemale> 
*sigh*
stupid waiting week   
 laugh 
is jamming out to some <propfirst> talent while <propmale> throws down on wow  good times 
<propmale> <propmale> is a total bitch  just saying 
"when i speak, my words are just white naked sound "
"is sporting her first set of tan lines in many years  and hot damn, they look good "
"quiet down, baby girl! it is nighttime, not gymnastic time  shush your movements "
showertiem 
stupid government and it's stupid laws 
"could not wrangle her a wink of sleep, despite a ridiculously early bed time "
"the angels broke the pledge and they revealed themselves  they came to take you in, guided you up in their wings  they could not believe it  we were oblivious, fucking idiots  savages all knew nothing "
was pretty thrilled to see some buds up at casa brava  you know who you are 
has a pretty darn cute baby daddy 
is in a relationship with <propmale> <propmale> 
badnewsbears  my sims 3 dedication is wasted  family glitched and had to be trashed  -sigh-  take two 
"is very heat tired, but was glad to see dad "
"oh, j k  it wasn't an important talk or anything  after your game, maybe "
working on freya's plush toy 
room cleaning is tiring 
pickle spears sound wonderful 
really likes people sometimes 
is very tired from baby registering with <propmale> 
"oh lawdy, kohl's has a registry!"
"has heard nothing but wonderful things for the chosen name of her child and is delighted to have found something less ordinary  thank you, <propmale>, for this exciting time in my life "
yawm  homemade macaroni and cheese      
oh goodness  active baby girl moves and plays on mommy's bladder today 
i'm pretty excited for <propmale> to come home from work   love 
is thinking it might be time for a friend's list purge  i care not for you petty nonsense 
soooooooooo sleepy today  pillow <propmale> is the best 
i am pretty stoked with this shitton of rain 
being tagged in notes makes me feel like my thoughts are important  i like this 
"i planned on a hella lazy day, but something in the pile of laundry growled at me  i guess i'll work on that bizz first "
no one wants to go swimming with me  and drowning is a nasty side effect of pregnancy for me  *sigh*  i will substitute a lukewarm bath instead 
"i am not particularly religious, but a few youths from a pentacost church are going door to door asking for prayer requests  and only prayer requests  it was rather nice "
blah  blah  blah 
has become crazy bored with this social network and is thinking it's time for a break from it 
"mmm  yup  that would be another bout of nausea sneaking up on me  thanks, freya "
i am going to kill this dog and blame it on the storm 
"while i will not ban your opinion on my child's name, i do request that if you do not like it that your e playful ression of that dislike be given with some civility  thanks "
"the earth would move, but we would stand in place out in the shadows of the day "
had a grand swim time with <propfirst> <propmale> and madre!
is setting aside some time to do some full-on etsy shopping 
it's a good baby day 
look here at&t  i have wonderful signal  now send my damned texts messages 
"i am not sure why it is taking me ages to get a text message to send, but it is very irritating "
defend what is yours  they will not take our souls  it's time now to rise and fight 
"river with all the pals was crazy fun, but i am glad to be home with my baby "
is trying to make this a good day 
it kind of hurts when those kind of words you say kind of turn themselves into knives 
is going to fall asleep and let pandora pick her dreams 
hooray! our kickass snail bee baby bouncer is here!
crazy love for <propmale> and baby 
just bought the snazzy bedding  kind of looks like we dig woodland creatures 
oreos for breakfast  yum 
shower loofa on a sunburn was a bad idea in hindsight 
hungers 
etsy shopping!
new bouncer? check  sweet crib bedding? got it  blazing new diaper bag? oh yes  this baby is a go 
so sleeeeeeeeeeeepy  early wake up from <propmale> was early 
is so very very tired from carrying her weight in groceries up those blasted stairs 
 love  dear girls above me
my pet peeve? spilling beverages down my ample cleavage 
has some rage for you today  and you damn well deserve it 
i want to make soap 
would like a baby animal  maybe a rabbit  or a goat 
cupcake making 
"first, hair coloring and then cupcakes "
feels better now 
has a brand new thermostat!
ten weeks left 
"vanilla icing and barbeque chips  oh god, yes "
i want a long haired kitten 
what a swell evening!
dreamed about big colouring books and innovative murderers 
i bit my lip very painfully while eating french fries  i am confused as to how  but now i am dreadfully wounded 
i convinced my dad to grow out his facial hair so that i can call him grandpa longbeard 
has babies on the brain 
had fun with the gals and <propfirst> <propmale> doing baby shower plannings   love 
baking eases frustrations 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeird dreams 
smbc rocks my world 
needs to cover up according to <propmale> 
sleepy 
crashed bros night  my bad 
i just demolished that package of strawberries  and it was good 
is awake and ravenous 
has decided on a shorthair exotic 
"give it up, boy  give it up or you're gonna die "
going to a movie with dad!
is home now  it was a grand day with dad 
i am getting another tattoo very soon  and it is going to be huge 
this kind of sucks 
is chock full o' sleepy 
naps are the greatest 
i bought a tank top!
"the crib is up now  bedding and all  pictures will be up later  i love you, <propmale> <propmale>   love "
you make it easier when life gets hard 
kittens please 
today has been a good day  i am pleased 
i think it should be taquito night 
is always hungry 
it's fruit time 
"all the lonely people, where do they all come from?"
is nine weeks and four days away from her due date  goodness 
"oh, <propmale> sparks  i love you "
d'aww  <propmale> cleaned up the house without me telling him  his reward is another month of wow  i enjoy this relationship 
is fighting some hardcore heartburn  perhaps some m&ms will soothe the ache 
we have a doctor appointment in roughly twenty minutes 
"oh lawdy, nexium is e playful ensive "
i am hungry  mayhaps it is a pizza hut night 
"just sent the little girl kitten, who seems to think i am her surragote owner when her family is gone, back home to the right place  she is so cute "
cannot find her phone  wut 
found it!
bah 
is starting cupcake preparations 
is heavy with sleep and baby 
mmm  broccoli and cheese 
snails!
slept all day  and feels like she could sleep some more 
truly enjoys baking 
"decal 1, bought and shipping "
is always hungry 
keep calm and <propfemale> on 
"does not like chinese, but decide we should eat at new hunan's tonight  good girlfriend powers activated "
dislikes this sneeze pee combo she has going on here 
i  need  sugar 
"mind of a ninja, body of a manatee   annoyed "
is too hot to bake right now  but soon!
oh no!
sometimes it hits me just how much i love that <propmale> <propmale> kid 
headed out for some errands  hooooot 
quick! name some consignment shops around here  i need formal wear!
"has a date with a handsome young man for shark week  best date ever? oh, i think so "
is baking up a storm 
four hours later and the baking is done 
watched the nurses at ammc take footprints from a <propfemale> baby girl 
"before i met you, my heart was a crap taco "
kind of has some ridiculously kick ass friends 
"no really though, everyone who came to the baby shower, you guys are amazing  the gifts are so wonderful and a huge help  thank you all so much "
is simming while waiting for the three hour block of grey's anatomy 
watching hairspray!
i guess i should tackle that laundry  
worst  superpower  ever 
needs a reality defining totem 
nice  and now he's openly tearing my shit up 
hooray for ups delivered wall decals!
has bills to pay and starcraft ii to pick up 
would like to see some adorable <propfemale> animals 
"mmmm  that is some tasty, tasty heartburn "
heat death 
you don't have to be perfect to be everything i need 
has no ethnic culture 
has a wonderful boyfriend who gives wonderful back rubs 
does not sleep but merely hovers on the brink of relaxation taking note of various body aches until it seems a decent time to arise 
is reviewing the map before friend tiem 
"boifran tiem nao, plz "
is going to print some photos and start some scrapbookinz!
needs a haircut 
appointment went well  one more two-weeker 
cleaning is tiring 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is hilarious 
perhaps a nice relaxing bath?
"kat <propmale> d, you are trying too hard "
"uh, <propfirst> mraz on vh1? yes please "
is making some super french toast 
needs more food 
i am going to eat this pizza and then cuddle that boyfriend 
silly baby girl says no more laying down 
"could not decide between her cheeses, so will be having a grilled cheese sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese for lunch "
these popsicles are amazing 
freya wants <propfemale> 
shark week and a trashy novel? oh yes 
is awake?
make the lambs stop screaming 
i am going to eat this <propfemale> bar and wait for <propmale> to come home  i sure do love him 
"oh shit, river monsters!"
you are all very silly people 
freya has been up all night and as a result so have i 
too hot 
is applying wall decals and then shall post nursery photos!
"oh jaysis, that's some back pain right there "
is lolcatting 
i want to go see a manatee 
is going to drink this <propfemale> d and scrapbook these photos  it's gonna be a party tonight 
scrapbooked the hell out of those two pages  it's nice to have such a cute boyfriend to bedeck with stickers and tags and patterns 
this is ridiculous 
might be hungry if it weren't for this heartburn 
would like to be less broke so that modcloth can has her money for cute clothes 
is missing a boyfriend and has found a snazzy new baby carrier  not as nice a replacement as i had hoped 
is thinking of making some soap 
bought tons of junk  also a cute shirt!
has a boyfriend that is too many states away  i am not pleased 
baby girl says night time is for playings not sleepings 
it might be haircut time 
"bed, i suppose "
is an emotional creature 
"oh god, the heat  haircut at two  i'm a be super fly "
bearded hats? yes please 
feeling impulsive 
being tired from vacation doesn't give you the right to be a jerk  i was only trying to tell you i miss you 
this bed is too big 
well i rather missed kansas city  successful trip is successful 
"what you've got, boy, is hard to find "
come take my hand  we'll walk this road together 
"road weary, but home "
is going to read herself to sleep   love 
sex and blizzcon  best  dream  ever 
off to walmart  gonna make myself look supa fly 
is overwhelmed with the amount of things that i still need to do 
would like to sleep  preferably without nightmares 
thirty-six more days 
<propmale> comes home today   love 
is binging on some queer as folk   love 
hanging curtains is difficult work 
hangs a mighty fine window cover  yessum 
does not respond to unknown <propfirst> 
"god, i love scrapbooking "
may have found herself a snazzy new clutch!
enjoys some strange dreams 
just finished naps 
is making cap'n crunch her bitch 
loves pretty trinkets 
it's all good 
i turned sandwich eating into a business 
tooooooooooootally polished off that subway with some ice cream  i  love  food 
does hobby lobby do gift cards? because i would like some of those  scrapbooking is e playful ensive  but i neeeeeed 3-d stickers!
is cooking mexican chicken with <propmale>! we could have planned this better    lmao 
"i had to fight my way through a crowd of bony old women to get to the stickers, but i am very excited about all these snazzy scrapbooking pages i now have "
had a pretty swell day 
needs a new camera  old one is janked 
"is suddenly very sleepy  nap time, methinks "
"is more than a little done with this whole \pregnancy\"" thing  it can be baby time now?"""
"good morning, world   love "
"is probably going to buy a useless video game she doesn't need, but will play too much anyway  priorities "
i like playing with custom jewelry sites 
would sleep all day if she could 
my life has never been better since i met you 
i love spoiling <propmale>   love 
freya sure does love those french fries 
i wish we had a real bakery around here 
is baking the hell outta these cinnamon rolls 
has now eaten the hell outta those cinnamon rolls  oh yes 
bath time then jonesboro with <propmale>  i think this might be a wonderful day 
"ordered pizza  and now, the wait "
has an inferno raging insider her chest 
seems to be having strange phone issues 
all babies need knitted hats 
it's one of *those* days 
<propmale> was a mind trip 
first thing i'ma do once i've got my un-pregnant body back? splurge at modcloth on way too many little dresses 
bwee! <propmale> got me a new monitor! huzzah for a full screen!
is still waiting on several pieces of mail 
has weird dreams  o o
had a ball at <propfemale> gramling's baby shower  but now it might be nap time 
awwwwohshit 
"god, i love naps "
cracked open the nail polish and temporary tattoos  i feel pretty 
had a blast with the family last night   love 
price comparisons!
be damned these squeaky hinges!
doctor visit  bbl 
"no, rude ob nurse  contrary to my appearance, i do not weigh 200+ lbs  less sass when i am on the scale, please "
has a hot date tonight   love 
meh 
feels foggy today 
hungers 
is going to finish all this laundry  today  i mean business 
"suddenly realizes she has only one set of crib sheets  online shopping, away!"
i am never more excited than when my animal crossing weather matches the true weather outside 
"i love you, mr  <propmale> <propmale> "
shaved my legs  total accomplishment 
i have the ashleymadison com commercial jingle stuck in my head  infidelity  it's exciting  you should try it 
"ya, i think i'm pretty beat from all this cleaning  still have so much left to do  thank goodness for such a wonderful guy to help  i loves you, <propmale>!"
has been confused as to why it takes her clothes so long to dry  turns out the tumbler for the dryer is out of whack  nice 
google maps says it's not a place  what do i do 
just got back from the baby shower  it was wonderful 
it's feeling like a day for a baby 
has a beautiful little girl  pictures to come 
"i promise i'm not ignoring texts or calls, i am just very busy  but i do love all of you and the support feels great! so go and admire how pretty my little fraidy kat is   love  love  love "
"for the life of me, i cannot remember what it is like to sleep a solid eight hours "
a brief hello to the internet  our run-ins are far and few between 
freya has gained six ounces and grown an inch  oh my!
needs more baby family photos 
my dreams inspire tattoos i'm not brave enough to get 
this is probably my favorite metalocalypse song 
hmm  cut my bangs a touch too short it seems   
is attempting to figure out her friend code 
looks to be that job-hunting time  suggestions?
will hopefully be working this time next week 
<propmale> and i get into some pretty serious fights over aliens and predators 
oh hell yes  <propmale> <propmale>! let's make that happy bush 
not so hot at that sleeping thing anymore 
is still awake  this is problematic 
looks to be bed time  g'night world   love 
is on a hot date with a stylish young man  i even fit into my skinny jeans!
macaroni time  so much hunger 
needs a new scrapbook for baby 
you are a dentist  that is basically a maid for my mouth  don't get high and mighty with that 'dr ' shit on me 
is badgering freya to keep her awake 
has a fantastic boyfriend for letting me sleep in all day   love 
it's a beatles kind of day 
why does <propmale> call dr  mccoy 'bones?'
is off to see some of the family!
this baby is so awake 
"oh, hell ya  <propfemale> bride "
is going costume shopping for little freya tomorrow  bwee~!
"365 days ago, you nerdily propositioned a relationship via facebook and i accepted  that was easily the best decision of my life  i love you, <propmale> <propmale>  let's keep it up "
perhaps it can be *my* bedtime now 
"hello, darkness, my old friend "
"has a one-month-old baby  huzzah for the development of maternal skills! i love you, freya   love "
had freya's pictures done today 
is deadly tired of maintenance men fiddling in the apartment  the only good out of this is a snazzy new shower head 
"if <propfemale> grace doesn't talk about it, then it's not important "
wishes she could fall asleep at the drop of a hat like the rest of her family 
thinks a hobby lobby trip is in order 
oh my  she's developed real tears  her cries are doubly heartbreaking now 
wtf is wrong with the like button 
"nay, we are but men "
put that stroller together like nobody's business  time to take that bad boy out on the road 
right fancies that <propmale> <propmale> lad 
sleep is but a dream 
is surprising <propmale> with mexican chicken for dinner 
my screaming little angel 
thinks someone besides the cast of tru blood should get an award 
"you got screwed out of that award, <propfirst> c  hall  i'm sorry, bro "
high gearscores are sexy  6865? yes please   love  that <propmale> kid 
is less than thrilled about this new momma body 
today is friday not saturday 
had a pretty ballin' lunch with cool aunt <propfemale> 
cannot deny the urge to run around showing off new scrapbook pages  irresistible 
that girl is poison 
is dismantling a freemason pocket watch 
just used the last newborn diaper  moving on up to a size 1 
rages over losing ebay lots 
social security card came in for freya  she's a real person according to the us government 
is working on getting one of them job things 
baby pictures are in  now i need to invest in some snazzy frames 
is listening to her two children play 
thinks it might be time to clean out the old friends list  all of the things you silly people say are useless 
wants to learn to play the cello 
when there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire 
every day is a good baby day  freya is so laid back 
is you is or is you ain't my baby?
is binging on bleach with one stud of a man 
"when my child smiles, her face looks exactly like d"
"it's his hat, mr  krabs! he was number one!"
only just a dream 
"i wanted love  i needed love  most of all, most of all "
is getting a bit frazzed about this rock hard place situation 
yup  i'm sick alright 
goal for the day: sleep 
well that's not good   
"oh my  fb has gotten all into this creeping thing  i just found my new hobby  see friendship, awaaaaaaaaaaaay "
oh hail ya  i found my lip balm!
is determined to beat this sickness  interview sunday 
should probably start checking out that housing market 
jamming to black sea by the contact   love  love 
"we fall back sunday, yes?"
"  my child makes noises that sound remarkably like she is imitating wobbuffet \\i have never loved her more "
   oh yeah  i'm allergic to poppyseeds  this was a mistake 
"we loves bath time, freya and i "
missed the orange completely and now gets to wear a fancy bandage for an accessory 
mmyup  totally can't sleep 
interview at belks went well i think 
"i would do dirty, dirty things to <propfemale> if given half a <propmale> "
is lonely 
hermione and <propfemale> vs  the space wizards is the most amazing fanfic i have ever read  i love you jeph 
kind of wants to put a splash of color in her hair  am i too old for that now?
got the job at belks!
needs to go to walmart  *sigh*
how irritating 
"friday, i'm in love "
has had a very long day of jobbing and is ecstatic to come home to her babies 
wants to plan a wedding 
"hot damn, i love fb "
has ruined fingertips from moving and cuting a bunch of coardboard boxes 
"is sporting a fancy two month old child  boy howdy, i love this gal "
works the floor at belks today  ladies underknickers  how exciting!
is off to play sims  it's a good thing 
needs a day off 
gets to go into work an hour early  > > hooray?
gets to colorize the clothes for corporate to admire  awesome 
"is spending her only break sitting in her blazer in front of the apartment because she doesn't have any house keys and <propmale> isn't answering the phone or door  yup  having an insanely bad day  not hungry in the slightest  no worries, gaiz "
the <propfemale> <propmale> show is the business 
freya got her shots today and did beautifully  she was tough 
aw hell yea  dr  suess' how the grinch stole christmas 
is house hunting 
shablagoo!
hates restless sleep filled with paranoid dreams about being late for work 
works eleven to seven  bai gaiz 
how gravy! i got paid today! and not one of those piddly little starter checks either 
"has one hell of a <propmale>  <propmale> <propfirst>, you sure are super "
"i just cut the dickens out of my ankle while shaving  oh my! bandages, away!"
"ah, exhaustion, my old friend  i cannot say that i have missed you "
mmmyup  time to get back on that zoloft regime 
has a blazer with no fuel  d:
needs an adorable 1st thanksgiving photo 
is having a delightful family dinner  only thing missing is my <propmale>  we're just waiting for his work day to end!
"has an early morning dishing out some bitchin' deals to old women in jumpsuits  night, losers "
wrapping gifts is the best job ever 
*sigh* only six more hours to go  halfway there 
leaving my little family every morning is really starting to take a toll on me 
the simplest thing seems to be my baby girl's favorite song  she has such good taste 
would much rather be curled up next to <propmale> and freya spending way too much money on cybermonday  work is blah 
"it took a while, pandora, but we get each other now  i love you "
quick! she's napping! run to the shower!
how 'bout that  it's naps o'clock 
just did a little creeping 
"gave freya squash tonight  it went well, i do believe!"
you're everything i need and more   love 
my dad is better than your dad  these are facts 
do not want work!
profile picture  you are not doing it correctly 
my oddish is better than all a youse 
work is dumb  i want hometime with <propmale> and freya 
has endearing photos of freya eating squash 
would like to commission an artist to sketch her something dark and macabre  takers?
i am too inept to figure out why my camera refuses to upload my photos to the computer so that i can share how adorable my child is 
i would really like to have a pet hedgehog 
"and so ends a once beautiful relationship  damn you, blizzard "
sometimes it feels like the things i want are so far out of reach that it is silly to bother dreaming 
"welp  until this frilled <propfirst> game decides to up and die, i'll be off doing other fancy internet bits  enjoy your nonsensities!"
lololololololol  i got separated from my work pals for being too chatty just like in those high school days  it feels good to irritate the man to the point of action 
what a long day of work   
just wrapped for a fellow that was either gay or british  i'm not certain which 
being a mom rocks 
works at 5 a m  tomorrow  i suppose it's bedtime 
yup  today will be chock full of boredom 
fraidy kat is three months old!  love 
<propmale> brought me flowers! a tall bouquet of yellow daisies! this is my forever man 
"yes  we all realize you are excited  but one exclamation point is all you need  and stop using the ellipse, you overgrown child  you're ruining the special charm "
needs to get this stupid camera to upload 
zohmygoodness! freya sat up all on her own for several minutes! she balanced her self with her arms holding the blanket! i am a proud mommabear 
is finishing tree decorations and putting the first present under tonight 
"ah, the holidays  i do believe i could use a drink "
is working the business outta this job today  12 30 to 10 
yup  that there baby girl just rolled over for the first time 
werkin  1-10   annoyed 
today is balls 
haters gonna hate 
off to get pictures with <propfemale> 
<propfemale> pictures and hibachi buffet  today will be a good day 
spent the last twenty minutes talking to the <propmale> funeral guy and now thinks she wants to be a coroner 
lady gaga's christmas tree song is not really a christmas song   > > this is not holiday appropriate 
"when decorating the wrapped presents, i often try to match the ribbon colors to those of the wizarding houses  i am nerd "
is reading the dwarves by <propmale> heitz 
oh no! red ring!
fraidy kat found her feets  and she is ecstatic 
"no one wants to put shriveled, disappointing nutmeat in their mouth  --- <propfirst> rowe"
putting together all the baby things!
is watching freya stare at her mumma's new silver piano music box that plays fur <propfemale> 
hurt my back something terrible 
my chest is large and lovely  why in the world would i want to cover it with hideous full-coverage nude bras? nowai  i want sexy demis  give them 
"freya is literally screaming in glee  apparently, baths are the shit "
feels like a vnv and mraz day  let's start this off with a little lucky and a bit o' beloved   love 
"when you look this delicious, it's hard not to have a good day "
has a kohl's gift card to blow 
"you tried to reach deep, but you couldn't get in  now you're outside me  you see all the beauty  repent all your sins "
today was a lovely day out with my little family   love 
jersey shore: return of the shore is on right now  the premiere  god yes 
going to work for the official longest day ever 
> > i taught freya to howl like a wolf  my kid is amazing 
what a satisfying feeling to be able to find out what freya wants beyond basic food or hygiene needs  she just wanted the singing toy mumma and daddy got her for christmas 
"in spite of your malicious and unfounded alliance hatred, i am pleased with this review, yahtzee "
my first dance on my wedding day will be feeling good by <propfemale> samone 
"four months old  we love you, freya <propfemale> "
"yes  your fantasy personality sign has changed  the world turns  it happens, brah  chillax "
has a baby that has slept all night for the past three nights  it is fantastic   love 
it's like a gold mine  but with fur 
stumbled upon her senior scrapbook  what a trip back 
"\i want to build a cave of very very soft blankets and live in it \"" --<propmale> <propmale>"""
you're like a disease 
my old lady cardigan makes me feel sexy 
work is over!
six o'clock comes much too quickly 
would like to get her hair done 
if you're at an intersection and you don't use a blinker then fuck you 
woke up at five just to be told she didn't have to come to work until eight  long day will be long 
why are the words on my computer so <propfemale>?!
he's a jerk  but he's my jerk  and i right fancy that 
the day's end is sweet when you die in my dreams 
> > i got brownie in my eye   
it would be so much easier if you people would tag one another in your statuses so that i don't have to creep 
yup  today will be balls 
all of you are butts 
freya said mama!
"heros marathon with <propmale>  he's a stud, he is "
i never sleep well when i know i need to be up quite a bit earlier than normal  blergh  working seven to four today 
yup  imma hottie 
is trying to tear a hole in the seam of reality 
the earth would move but we would stand in place 
"aw, hell yeah, animal planet  narwhals!"
my eyesight has taken a considerable turn for the worse  looks like my nerd glasses are year round now!
ha! freya laughs and giggles now instead of baby coos  you folks are missing out on primo cuteness 
today will probably be the longest day ever 
is creeper creeped 
ravenous
is gonna get fly doing some zumba at curves 
the weather is b-b-b-ballin' 
aaaw yeah  discovery channel's strange addiction is over a furry   love 
is cooking an early birthday supper for that handsome <propmale> lad 
i am living with an unbelievable moron and a gibbering baby   annoyed 
is still at work  ohgod 
   back at work 
little lover stay  or all my colours fade away 
"got off work early tonight! also, you early bird well-wishers are super pals   love "
dcuo is pretty ballin' 
this birthday was the business  and you were all a part of it  awesome   love 
ha  freya is learning very quickly to give kisses  how adorable!
aw hell ya  i found my receiving end of sirens cd! today is good day 
"give me gravity, give me clarity, give me something to rely on "
devours books 
is sitting in a salon chair getting her hair dyed up 
i  am  fly 
the only one for me is you  and you for me 
no  kid rock is not cool  he is terrible  and so are you for liking him 
this baby  is so noisy  rofl 
"happy six months, fraidy bug! we love you   love "
mortuary science funeral services only require a two-year degree and a year of apprenticeship  snazzy 
my baby is so awesome  she's squealing along to dr  horrible   love 
"welp  left a message for mr  pace  we'll get some more information tomorrow, i hope!"
i want a subscription to <propfemale>'s magazines 
i hate today so much 
i do fancy a waltz right about now 
sims medieval comes out today   love 
<propfirst> mraz plays during most of my ballin'-est moments and this is pleasing 
can already tell it will be another sleepless night  six o'clock will be here very soon 
talent for the craft runs in our family 
it's a pretty sweet gig i've got with <propmale> and freya   love 
"every time <propmale> and i kiss, freya makes an obnoxious \pay attention to me!\"" noise  lmao """
"in my world, <propfemale> does not ever stand for american idol "
is painting!
and the first awkward wobbly steps toward crawling have been made 
and so the diet starts 
is watching some black butler! she
goodlordyouareunfortunatelooking 
do not want work 
"hay gaiz  i'm going to whine about all the stupid little problems in my life, but be vague about it so you all have to pretend to give a shit! kthx  sad (((((("
"commercial tagline: \tired of mainstream music? listen to a day to remember \""        lol'd """
is watching more black butler with dearest <propmale> 
the only downside to having such a beautiful daughter is that everyone wants to stop and ogle  murr hurr   smile 
what's that ruckus? what's that ruckus? what's that ruckus comin' through the night?
would you lie with me and just forget the world?
"no  i am not pregnant  though i am horribly aware of how much extra weight i still have  thank you for your concern, old women of paragould "
"after a powerhouse starter's workout at the hospital, it is donut time!"
seven months and growing fast   love 
i always feel a strong sense of pride after successfully cutting my own bangs 
feels delightful from a good night gymming 
welp  freya's got teeth 
"the enrichment center reminds you that the weighted companion cube will never threaten to stab you and, in fact, cannot speak "
just one more day  and then i have the weekend off  one more day 
is on a mini vacation with <propmale>!
will soon be putting together freya's easter basket and perhaps a few eggs 
a crawling baby is just a <propfemale> natural disaster 
i love lemon   love 
"oh, receiving end of sirens, you always hit that musical spot "
cleaned all the nonsense out of fb 
is watching casshern sins and reading d  gray-man 
rofl @ hln still casting about the <propmale> wedding 
doesn't work today  shit  back to bed 
shit's not real until it's facebook official 
freya slept in her own room for the first time last night  how swell!
is just exhausted 
