745d1ae18ad5b47b4eb417d0423c247c
my back hurts       cough
"since when did punching someone in the face not mean \hello\""?"""
hates skinny people
"is going to a funeral, yay "
"nothing, as usual   smile "
i love not doing what i'm supposed to be doing 
"i'm tired, but i don't wanna sleep "
ice cream is awesome 
"good night, cruel world "
"man, i am so not psyched for tomorrow!"
"not the worst day, but not the best  indecision "
it's saturday   
i'm a little annoyed everyone thinks i'm anorexic   annoyed 
i hate disney channel!
is still grounded! yay!
where have all the good jews gone?
i just almost got struck by lightning  i'm gonna go cry now   
yay! the weekend! i have a ton of homework    sad 
halo!  smile 
i hate essays  > indecision 
what!? no mom! no mom! i wasn't even there! i wasn't even there!    well <propmale>'s a liar!  mom you always do this! i wasn't even there!
is finally home! this day took forever!
looking forward to that three-day weekend 
free freaking friday 
ahhh! physics is impossible!
it's saturday! it's saturday! it's saturday! i love saturdays      
i'm pretty pissed off now  i'm gonna murder a certain someone      
homework and video games don't mix   
wooh!!! school!!!
it's friday! field-trip day!
what would i do without netflix!?
i'm aiming for the bushes      
i can't believe the week is almost over already!
football sucks   indecision 
ahhh! saturdays are so eventful!
i want halo: reach!!!
wooh! dad's gonna be gonna be gone an entire week! i cannot wait to be pissed off again when he gets back!
"i hate everything about you! why do i love you?       oh, wait  i don't "
i wish i had money for things and stuff 
the world as we know it will end in a matter of moments 
cookies are delicious!  smile 
walking home in the rain isn't as fun as it seems   sad 
is making a delicious cake right now 
short bus shawty!!!
yay! saturday! too bad it's almost over 
today was interesting  a lot of people freaking out 
it's a great day to wear a striped sweater        smile 
i wish <propfirst> hawking lived next door to me  then i could do my physics homework   indecision 
i'm sick of hearing about all these kids killing themselves because of bullying   sad 
sleeping is awesome  i think i'll try that now 
"essays are a bitch  oh, well  i'm going back to sleep   wink "
is anybody taking the psat tomorrow?
i don't care what anyone says! i'd bone! lol
just watched the boy in the striped pajamas  i'm not sure how i feel about that yet      
did someone say twist off! *snap*
have you ever wanted dinner       in a tube!!! hungertube   smile 
"love may be blind, but i'm not  heehee "
falling down sucks  i don't recommend doing so 
anyone up for some russian roulette?
i'm so sick of the internet!
"i'm so frustrated right now, i could punch a puppy and drown a kitten!"
halfway through the week yay! but i still think more than two days of school per week is superfluous!  annoyed 
i am so sick of domino's!
i don't think there's a second of the day when there isn't a song playing in my head  and i don't think i could possibly resist singing it   smile 
"i sliced my thumb open last night and it refuses to stop bleeding  on a lighter night, it's almost thanksgiving!"
it's good to be back in civilized country 
yay! procrastination!
i refuse to reform and change my profile picture to a stupid cartoon pokemon  you'll just have to deal with looking at my face 
"yay! i finished my poetry project, and it only took me 2 and a half weeks  lol "
is that all you've got?
i welcome the warmth of tomorrow 
"sooooooo, there's there's this thing called a doorhandle, and apparently you have to utilize that before walking into the door  now there's a knot on my head (and it's not in my hair)  someone should have let me know      "
"dear christmas, \hurry the hell up cause i'm\sick of being cold and not \having presents \\yours truly,\anonymous"
"well! i just watched eclipse, and it literally (seriously, not kidding ) made me cry  i shed tears over that movie  it was an abomination "
exactly 7 days till christmas!
"wednesday, what a gay day "
listening to music makes me happy!
it's officially christmas <propfemale> as of 23 minutes ago  i guess i'm a little late      
"man! christmas is the best!!! <propfemale> christmas!!! everybody! unless you're jewish, then you can suck my balls "
i'm about to kill my dog 
oh! god! zac efron and <propfemale> hudgens broke up! how am i supposed to move on from a break up like this!!??
i just watched <propmale> gump  the whole thing this time  i have a new movie to add to my favorite movies list   smile 
being cut off from the world isn't as fun as it looks  indecision 
oh my god! our break is over! this sucks    i'm gonna stab a leprechan or somethong   
anyone know where mrs  <propmale>'s room is?
i need sleeeeeeeepppppppp!!!!!
i don't think i've ever looked forward to going to bed as much as i do now 
sex robot! he's sexing up your town! he just wants to get down   
"man, i really want some red lobster  i'm just craving that right now   "
"i've come home, and now i wonder, \why is my dad playing my xbox?\""\",745d1ae18ad5b47b4eb417d0423c247c,"man, facebook is so lame        wait "
just found out i'm not a <propfirst> anymore  nothing makes sense these days    d:
i miss that's so <propfemale>
so glad i missed my governor's honor interview because of swine flu      indecision 
having no homework feels weird 
"i wish there was more to do here than get pregnant    wait, no i don't "
words can't convey my disdain for you 
why is <propfirst> mayer such a douche bag?
"watching invader zim  it's such a weird show, and it's kinda gross  i love it "
i really want some french fries    i think i'm a closet fat chick 
so   bored     must              eat
"socialism ? communism, communism > socialism  take that <propfemale> "
i'm so glad the warm weather has blessed us with its presence  took long enough though 
"there should be an \enemies\"" list on facebook """
i didn't mean what i said  it was the heat of the moment      
i love bonzai  it's delicious 
"excuse me, sir, you seem to be peeing upon my leg "
