03a90a940c1ce7db42520f90af3b27c7
o what a night!
okay so it didn't last long!  muhuhahahahaha   
wants to puke   bleeeeh
attack of the mosquitoes lxxxvii
www posecais com
democrats=republicans 
get me the mother f out of la 
love peanuts 
has no money
one thing they were right about   we really do learn and grow everyday 
was smashed by a truck in <propfemale>'s car     sad 
woke up and can't quite turn my head to the left    off to the hospital 
"<propfirst> caught coda eating his <propfemale> roasted cashews and he screamed at her, \hey! no fair!!!!\"""""
making a grand isle list   
loves saturday nights with her boys  smile 
needs a wizard to zap my neck back in shape 
loves jort   the bestest friend ever 
gettin' ready for paradise   ah' i can already smell the dead fish and stale alcohol 
change is an open window to see the things you were blind to before
"and <propfirst> posecai bought flips, salty peanuts, and watermelon and strawberry blowpops on august 4, 2009 at 12 smile 0 a m   somehow <propfirst>s flips made it out the bag and into the pantry, but my salty peanuts and watermelon strawberry blowpops and the bag are mi"
loves panda girl 
's tears have caused a migraine 
"had a dream i was pregnant  fished around for an answer to this o' so realistic horrifying dream, and discovered it represents a new growth in my life, growing creativity   my creation, or creativity is \kicking\"" to get my attention   smile """
my goodness! <propmale> ledger was finer than frogs hair!
is spending the whole day with the right side of my brain 
"dear self,      lullaby and good night, with roses bed light   with lilies o'er spread is baby's wee bed   lay thee down now and rest, may thy slumber be blessed "
the earth rotates around the asshole 15 times a year 
is being harassed   <propfirst> and jut are rapping and shaking their butts on me   maybe they put a secret ingredient in the soup they're making   
la la la lalala la la la la land 
can't figure out why i even get on fb 
is excited to go hiking tomorrow with jort and <propfirst> 
orphan is a fucked up movie 
"we all die   the goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that ill  -palahniuk"
is funny
"for every up there is a down, for every square there is a round, for every high there is a low, for every to there is a fro    to and fro, stop and go, that's what makes the world go round "
has a broked air conditioner 
school 
going to <propfemale>'s 21st birthday bash!
is missing
is floating
"ate a sloppy ho, sloppy sloppy ho "
kickoff in +90 minutes
misses mrs  <propfemale>
is shleepy 
meep  surprise 
is ready for paradise   by that i mean death valley 
anyone have a sprint phone they don't use?
<propfirst> delaune check it??? fb loves twitterrrrr!!!!
  can't  read  any  longer   
is going to have a peaceful day 
"f shiz i am bored, just waitin' on the boys to get home   hm, where could they be?"
"espanol class isssssss cancled!!!!!!!  wonderful day people, wonderful day!!!!"
it hurts under my thumb nail 
needs to get rid of shit!
arms are open   blissfully welcoming october 2009 
brees just blocked for bush 
needs help finding a monologue   by tonight or tomorrow?  please!  i am not an actress and i don't even know where to start!
is riding a bike downhill and cannot find the breaks 
omg i need an effing monologue
"is obsessed with her smart, sweet, loving, caring, handsome, hilarious, amazingly perfect man "
haha just ate a warhead and it was awesome
got your costumes ready?????
is costumin'
"when witches go riding, and black cats are seen, the <propfemale> laughs and whispers, it's near halloween   "
last night was off-da-chain  herd?
and <propfemale> altmeyer  love  butterflies 
is getting paid to love a pinecone 
"today, i changed a tire by myself   i am great "
"         continuum was better, sorry jcm "
is fallllinnnnngggggggg
girl can't help it!
bangs?
has to keep reminding myself 13 days   13 days 
<propfemale> dargis how long does this damn disease last?
wish i was on bourbon right now 
it feels so good to live in december!
loves my fantasies!
is home alone  sad  no one to play in the snow with   if it happens 
to all my friends(old and new) and to my family   i love you!  thank you for being part of my life and letting me be part of yours!
life is hilarious! i love it!
5 days   
is wanting something   
don't stay up till midnight to make sure the past year leaves   stay up till midnight to e playful erience and welcome the glorious year of 2010 into your life!  love 
"\this is the best party of the year!!\""--victoria ruiz"""
"in b-rizzle, unfortunately "
change of  love    missed the boys!  cookin' n drankin' life is sweet!
you need tennis shoes to play tennis
i don't think i'm gonna go to no anymore
 love 's college
"when eyelids want to close, they'll know how "
headed to n o  and can't wait to breathe in that sweet saints super dome air on sunday!!!
no words 
i cannot believe i do not have one picture from the best day of my life!
there is a cute little brown mouse hiding behind my toilet   how do i catch him to set him free???
who dat?
baby i'm a saints fan dats why i say who dat!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> has had my  love  for 5 years!
4 days 3 hours 46 minutes and 22 seconds
3 days 4 hours 2 minutes and 40 seconds
2 days 5 hours 23 mintues 1 second
wish we could bottle this feeling!! who dat!
is craaaavin a chicken ceasar pita and red cream soda from cafe royale and served by <propfirst> delaune!!!!!
cannot wait for abita strawberry   should be coming soon right?
laissez <propmale> bon temps rouler!!!
there is still a part of me that wishes i were <propfirst> 
mochi  smile 
cruel cruel cruel cruel 
silence will break your heart  love 
i  love  my coda beanz sooooo much!
"hello little speck of light  you are so high up   yes, i am still here   deep deep down in this cold dark hole  i still have the shovel, but i've dug too deep and now i can't get out   so   i will go to sleep   goodnight little light "
music  love  love  love 
music + strawbita =  love  love  love 
chasing   
"maybe, just maybe at some point in my life i'll get to e playful erience a whole week free of migraines "
after monday and tuesday   even the calendar says w t f  hahahahahahahahha
"walked in on a snowcrab creepin' on the living room floor, dinner!"
burn 
drafting   and it's a problem because i don't know how????
"anything other than yes is no, anything other than stay is go, anything less than 'i love you' is lying "
 sad  missing you
i am drivin'
i am yawnin'
i am so tired of googling images!!!!!!
another one 
purchase of first rhythm&soul album ever   sweet 
phone is activated!!
"ketchup   catch up!  no, ketchup   seriously, catch up "
i lost it 
<propmale> pothead and the devils lettuce
clean or study? clean or study??? clean or study???
is freakishly good at climbing 
"is at barnes   studying   on friday   on spring break   i had to have hit my head, hard!"
"is sleeping home alone for the first time ever! i am scared shitless, but i also feel invigorated and a new sort of  independence upon me  strange "
"just watched hbo's new series, treme   it's about new orleans after the storm   lots of great music and stories  watch it!!!"
¡feliz cumpleaños <propfemale> baquie !  back to your roots tonight! <propfemale>! <propfemale>!
i didn't know till tonight but glee is awesome!
i love colors!
"mornings hate me  i hate mornings  but i do smell pancakes   we may be okay today <propmale>  scratch that  splendid day, i say! a splendid day indeed!"
i transform into a straaange little person when i am bored out my box!!!
"i decided to go ahead and drink an ice cold 7oz coronita, while finishing my paper and studying!  finally celebrating cinco de drinkooo!!!"
hello summer  wink 
tubing  with  jort  and jom 
and <propfirst> are having a beer for dio 
"<propfirst> posecai, keepin the party goin since 1985 "
loves me some <propfirst> posecai!!!
pen  suh  cola 
"@<propfemale> altmeyer and i are busy, scuba diving  dats what's up "
"ten thousand dollars, a case of whiskey, and a dozen hookers is just enough to bribe a missouri state legislature   in case you're curious "
is going to red <propfirst>!!
is cookin' with posecai!
it's official  i am cutting my hair off 
ducote daredevil blood 
xtra large
today the universe has filled the wild blue yonder with breathtaking clouds  it is awe-inspiring and it feels so good 
i wonder if you would be closer with old friends without fb because you'd have to call to keep in touch-or-not friends at all because you still wouldn't call and you wouldn't have fb to communicate and update you on their lives  just pondering my relationship with some people and facebooks influence(good or bad) on it 
"oil spill, still troops across seas, gay rights, environment, healthcare, immigration, senate house elections etc  this country needs you  the world needs you  we can make a difference, but half you write about your anticipation of jersey shore instead  it's insanely depressing  please do not give stupid people on tv your attention when so much is going on in the world  you're better than that, i promise "
boys>girls
"gettin down in the bst! good drank, good food, great crowd!"
i will never be too old to play football in the rain!!! but everyone else is  sad 
how to get your boyfriend and friends to play in the rain with you: throw mud at them and run  laugh 
hedz up: me fone es brokened 
i'm goin' back to new orleans to wear that ball and chain
gotta love middle of the night grand isle runs!
if it's too loud   you're too old 
maybe i am a bitch
hey mr  seagull with the cantaloupe   ya can't eat what ya can't chew!
i need a bicycle!  sell me your bike!
listening to beethoven pandora and drafting  it works  laugh 
on the road to 8peat!
i am so left
someone pinched all my nerves in the night
¡dl??
hey nfl!  you make it extremely difficult to concentrate on my studies! js 
"happy 18th birthday to my beautiful, sweet, smart, talented, and amazing sister, <propfirst> ducote !  i love you!"
"3 waking thoughts: i love metal in autumn, i'm unprepared for this 45 degree weather, and \fat pig\"" is going to be tha shiz """
college is eating my soul 
stop talking to me about people and stop asking my opinion about how other people live   i don't care what other people are doing   and i say that with love 
a weekend wasted isn't a wasted weekend 
"i am only what i create   all that exists, exists only in my awareness  -scriabin"
love that 1 3 of the theatre department is wearing purple  smile 
come give blood tonight at the 13th gate! you get $5 off and get to cut the line!!!
what the shit summer? git the hell out of here  now 
just got home from the theatre    you people better come see fat pig next week!
who gave me herpes?
it's november   don't forget to watch the leaves turn 
congratulations to everyone who was a part of making lsu's lab studio production of fat pig real!  please support us and come see the show!
5042310630 is back in business  wink 
<propfirst> bought me a <propfirst> today 
there is a wild sparrow in my kitchen
home is where you are 
"well i'm not the worlds most passionate gal\but when i looked in her eyes well i almost fell for my <propfemale>\no-no-no-no <propfemale> no-no-no-no <propfemale>"
between the starlit sky and the mirror sea sleeps an overwhelming bout of infinity---today was cool 
need netflix movie recommendations  now 
club 181 is sad right now 
club 181 is poppin' right now 
breaking point
finally 
pandora only allows 40 hours of free listening a month and my time is up  meep 
black swan  one word  intense 
a beautiful day for a forever young birthday 
bout that time to celebrate the awesome life of <propfirst> posecai
restless  coffee and tortilla soup  powder and boots  triangle and saints 
i'm sorry  i can't help that babies creep me out 
i really adore the une playful ected 
sometimes you just need a little best friend and ice cream moment in life  perhaps <propfemale> altmeyer will be a good companion and accompany me tomorrow evening?
i'm boring
phoneless  call <propfirst> 
i love that i love <propfirst> posecai and i really love that he loves me back
do you ever research for inspiration to the point where you've discovered so many inspiring things that you become uninspired? i do 
i'm used to being good
"well, this is the third time this week the people in my new house are partying at 3am aka i have to move so if anyone has a room   please give me details, thanks"
i just want to procrastinate  sad 
gotta finish these metal children renderings so i can go out with my boo for our anniversaries babies!
fuck the radio 
i never got to see the white stripes live  kiss c
"two sacksa' crawdads, a kega' beeah, and some sun shine"
braaaaiinnsssssss
sometimes that fire inside that pushes me to constantly create actually starts to burn 
flowers are blooming  smile 
club 181 is open once again!
i love mardi gras
