4617c6e4f6380da938d3546972de2b66
is drinking coffee and doing homework  good and evil 
wishes every morning could be as flippin sweet as this one!
is being bathed by my <propfemale>  i do so love my little gremlin 
is about to play some tennis  sore arm tomorrow fo' sho'
is watching <propfemale> at <propfirst> haskell's! cheers!
will be in hawaii in two weeks! can i be cryogenically frozen til then?
my blackberry is broken    sad 
nobody panic!!! the crackberry is back up and running  smile 
"if i put the lime in the coconut, will i really feel better?"
is feeling the sting of regret   
is tired of coming in last place 
encourages you to punctuate responsibly 
is wondering if the cure for a cinco de mayo hangover is a breakfast burrito 
could be the new spokesperson for red lobster 
has a very broken air conditioner  hot yoga anyone?
earrth's children book six - land of the painted caves will be released in march 2011!!!!! finally!
is either going to punch or hug someone random today  voting starts    now!
just put liquor in coffee    and it was tres tasty    win? or fail?
"really wants to pie macroeconomics in the face    if everyone pied it in the face, it would increase the demand for pie and prices would rise     see? learning "
just got a tip for having a <propfemale> pack discussion  i rock so hard 
is canoeing this saturday and i need a partner!!!
ocular fluid!!!!!!!
needs a snuggle <propmale> to brave the storm with 
is headed to the boro    can you get a ticket for facebooking while driving?
can't sleep  feeling crummy  wish i had someone to talk to   
just witness an old lady getting so excited her teeth popped out 
"has the next two days off (woot!), but can't leave town and has no plans (not-so-woot)"
wants to go out!!! arg!!!
wine-o-clock came early today     thank you fifa
"mmmmm, coffee "
"a wise indian once told me that despite you, life goes on   and no matter what, you're always gonna be okay  so very true my friend "
"from tfln: \went to the career fair today  i handed out many resumes to find out later that they say i have a bachelor o farts degree   top that \"""""
just got done watching legion   i am now terrified of old women and small children and i want wings reaaaaallly bad 
must     have     sushi    
getting my name changed to <propfirst> 'badass' bohannan 
just updated to facebook 1 7 on my bb and it won't connect to the fb server!!!! gaahhh!!! help!!!
"i could swear i just saw the arvest sign say \deficated to your dreams\"" """
"i wish facebook would let me \dislike\"" things    like farmville status updates   """
is watching cat videos on youtube     with my cat   i think <propfemale> likey
time to make a wish!
need  more  coffee 
must move     can't sleep    
needs more coffee!
it's a badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger    mushroom mushroom
who loves orange soda??
"if you're going to pay for your drink by throwing your money at me, e playful ect to get your change back the same way "
i want to get you a black cobra     just to put around the neck 
tried to check in to hell on foursquare    guess i'll have to make a new venue 
just downloaded age of empires to my blackberry    take that iphone! take that droid!
and we're off!
"14 hour trip in 14 words: missouri, sunset, kaaaaaannnnsssaaasss, starbucks doubleshot, a town that smelled like poo, colorado, sunrise, sleep "
is sampling beer @ the coors factory 
and we're off    again 
"remember kids - pants up, collars down "
some people just need to beat their children 
blackberry 6 0 on october 1st!!!!
there is never enough time 
first day at the new job!  hooray!
hates being an adult  when i'm sick i have to make my own damn soup 
"ever feel like maybe you didn't miss the boat, you just got on the wrong one?"
is #1!
eating a very lonely (but delicious) lunch   
