6bba315c450feb56170a26ba58a8ada1
i dont like drop d tuning but it sounds awesome
what the crap cmon bears geez
i hate losing
headache
i am not a credible source!!!!!
i am so glad im not in tuscaloosa right now
aight finna clean up and then go shoot sum old classmates  paintball redux
so the new spiderman is gonna be revamped to look like twilight    wtf
im still waitin for a certin president and v p  to get brought up on war crimes and for  corruption my goodness you democrats are softhearted
"how do you feel about people who take \come as you are\"" too litterally to church"""
our love is like a honeybaked ham  pink salty and unclean in the eyes of the lord
goldschlager is the worst idea ever
who cares what <propfirst> mayer says  i love my black women   now lets move on
if you havent got that new <propfemale> yet    whats wrong with you?
is laughing at my peoples in alabama  as i trip over this melting 6 to 8 inches outside
nothing said on any social networking site should ever be taken seriously 
wwbd what would batman do?
finna get my workout on yeah!
hope yall dont kill me 4 this
i wish there was a way to go to sleep with out head trauma or drugs
gorillaz new album just isnt hittin the spot for me   i just need to let it fester for a while
what if people with evil intents eyes glowed white    watching c spann would be interesting
spring foward!
this statement wouldnt be funny if not for sarcasam and irony
"gentrification:the socio-cultural changes in an area resulting from wealthier people buying housing property in a less prosperous community  consequent to gentrification, the average income increases and average family size decreases in the community, which may result in the informal economic eviction of the lower-income residents, because of increased rents, house prices, and property taxes"
history shows that change is not only possible it is inevitable  adaptation or extinction!
happy ressurection day    keep your eyes on south africa  things are gonna blow up
today is the aniversary of dr  kings assassination 
of all the places the eagles coulda sent mcnabb    why redskins  that's like farve to the vikings
chillin out with <propmale> <propmale> on my lunchbreak 
what do yall think about females  who allegedly get raped by athletes but then file a civil suit instead of a criminal
geez why does my body hurt
i wonder if bowser tweets when he kidnapps princesses  and if <propfirst> updates everytime he kills somthing or gets a powerup or coin
ballys trainer just kicked my abs' a$$
i need to get back on training mode  a m<propmale>ial <propmale> would be nice too
the reason why love hurts you is because you accept it as an inevetability  love like a child
the kfc double down sandwich is materialized sin    why would you do that to yourself fried chicken should not be used as bread buns
r i p <propfirst> gunterb k a  gunner  we'll see you again
i remember gettin some white af1s tryin to walk in them and not crease them or get them dirty  that was a huge waste of time
i need a good stiff drink
pen 15
rip @<propfemale>
r i p  <propfirst> gunter 
@ dragonfly with kita bka the boop!
orland has a really nice <propfemale> garden
unattended children will be given an e playful resso and a puppy!
progressing my life step by step    i was falling to much leaping and bounding
what has 100 balls and screws old ladies?
35% body fat   ugggh i gotta get through this
ladies    smoking makes your bath n body works lotion smell like you're incontinent
i'm so glad business have stopped putting  com inthe name  especially when they didn't have a website
my name is    shake <propfemale> the mic rula the old schoola you wanna trip ill bring it to ya!   i'm sorry
i found my 2004 mcat practice test smh
don't panic!
"q o d  from kc; women, if you meet a man between the age of 27 to 30 and he doesn't have kids  what are your first thoughts?"
i knew i loved u b 4 i met u  i think i deamed u into life
"i can't live my life this way! i know there's things in my life that imma let go, starting tonight"
anybody watchnthe fight tonight ?
it seems all of facebook stopped to watch boondocks
oh you and your group thinking knee jerk reaction hyperbolies  ur so funny
shake weight failed then rebranded for men  the commercial epic fail!
i'm in the ghettoest mall ever 3 footlockers 5 empty stores and a planned parenthood center next to a kid clinic
watching iron man 2 with a bad chick lol
let me get a window seat don't want nobody next to me
out of my mind    and just in time
i just want bet to do better    not go away
<propfemale> preggo lady drinking in the bar    what's up?
really cavs??? really??? <propmale> sucks
sigh    can some one show me where that boston band wagon is at again?
moar!
<propfirst> the green white ranger (<propfirst> <propfirst> frank)is a mma fighter   you may now crack your jokes
these droid phones are coming out atleast once a week
i want the bulls to bring back the pinstripe uniforms
is it true that capt <propfemale> disappears in when a republican is in office and reappears when a democrat is president?
that chocolate covered woman is my weakness
in a foul mood n this traffic jam aint helpin
i'm tired and i feel queasy
325 lbs!    6 months n only lost 25 lbs  i wonder  if i can lose 25 before my b day
question: women do you date outside your race? why or why not?
hello
"i just got \rings\"" at a gas station"""
<propmale> artest is a nut lol
it was an awesome 2 days away from work so sad that i hafta go back i could use a 3rd day
attn: preggo ladies cc: future preggos: you look cuter in a shirt that fits properly
attn: preggo ladies cc: future preggos: you look cuter in a shirt that fits properly
i'm so uneasy about the bears this year  but i think the nfc north has 4 legitimate contenders
is an artist of destruction and futility
at this juncture i'd like to say something profound yet words fail me again
lmao beware a woman that only shows up when you're winning
i never thought of obesity as an eating disorder b4 hmm
this hockey game is intense
i miss playin uno during lunch at mp
cook county is havin an e playful ungement summit 6 5 8 smile 0 to 6pm at eisenhower hs
if you're comin back for plan b every other week    you might as well get birth control it costs the same geez
the day after leg day is always brutal
alcohol and women are the cause and solution to all of lifes problems and definitely to each other
is it fair to retaliate on somebody who made a small mistake
y r dez birds so fkin loud
a pro athlete approaching me in a bathroom asking if i'm ready for a pro glide® challenge is not my idea of a good time
"why do women always think a man is tryin to \holla\"" even when he's just saying hello?"""
is not a very happy person right now
forget basketball hockey is where its at! go blackhawks!
blackhawks woo!
i think common almost sideswiped me
did vh1 just officially replace bet or am i the only one that sees it coming
imma need people to stop asking rappers insightful questions  its not cute
i can't change how u see me all i control is if i care about how u judge me    and i really don't care
"um hypotheticaly what would you do if one of your \private\"" pictures videos got out    hypothetically of course"""
when we lessen our women our condition seems to worsen-common: real people
these peoples excersizes look more like they're just humping the machines than working out    too early 4 pure comedy
<propfemale> much streaking!
<propfemale> dagger is forever burned in my head dam good city dam good beer
its been an amazing 3 years for the blackhawks 
give me the strength to love those that curse me
i'm not cheap or nuffin but $6 for 1 beer? really!? i'm never clubbin again
gosh i didn't realize it all these years  i hate scooby doo
puh puh puh puh puh pah power!- <propfirst> crews
aww dangit vy a strip club brawl really?
magical things happen when i imbibe libations
i hope <propfemale> latifah never verifies her sexuality    it really aint nun of your business
workin on it
hyper!
celebrating juneteenth with sobriety
if it wasn't for adult swim™ i'd be a happy well adjusted adult with a regular sleep schedule    yay!
if you had to tell the truth for 24 hours    who would you avoid?
i need ideas for a awesome adrenaline fueled weekend
all these reports on concussions and football have me abit worried
sothe bet awards are on      let the roastin begin
"these fb comments r more entertaining than the bet awards show\mmmmm <propfemale> long"
is it a <propmale> tribute or lil waye tribute
shes kinda hott preggo   
did they forget to turn on em's mic at first?
im re in love with <propfemale>
"juice and \drink\"" dont mix well"""
are black americans  brainwashed by the democratic party?
i don't understand why people think billionaires should ail the country out  aren't they as entitled to keep their money as you are? if you had a large sum of money wouldn't it be in your bests interest  to hold on to it and not invest in a failing economy?
do it
here i am    rock you like a hurricaine!
some one once argued me down that boxing wasn't a m<propmale>ial <propmale>   
sooo     about this <propfemale> <propmale> video     isnt that technically child porn you have on your computer now?
what does <propmale> <propmale> dress up as for halloween?
they should have let <propfirst> <propfemale> finish the season    the whole thing is sickening
happy birthday to the most devastating diva of them all <propfemale> thegreat
if telling the truth meant you lose everything would you do it    not saying keeping quiet is right but you're gonna lose either way  and you cant say you would'nt do the same
silly me    bought a game that my video card cant handle 
