a6fd390efbaba86ecb6d33b5712ca10a
great night!
"food in ibiza is questionable! and \american\"" food in the ibiza airport is down right garbage! going to claim jumpers when i get home!"""
vale!!!!! la nueva palabra de el <propfemale>! (el mismo de <propfirst>!)
to the louvre!
is workin it yeaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
<propfirst> and janalle are insane! i'm getting ready to go to sleep! never leave your facebook active in around girls!
stuck in london for 10 hrs!
in chicago!
going to have the house to myself for two weeks! chea!
hope everyone had fun at the party! and the lake!
grg
"what is your favorite store boutique to shop at? and why? i'm not talking about a department store like macys or nordstrom    but stores like: <propfirst> vuitton, up against the wall, chrome hearts, true religion, <propfemale> <propmale>, true, etc "
scratch that! i think hot import nights is next weekend 
making up a convention session tomorrow!
yeeesssssssss! pizza has been delivered!
just downloaded some of the new <propmale>! wow!
is sleepy!
feeling gooooood! at d-boys!
you ain't gone tie me down!
considering coming out of retirement   
474!
does anyone know how to implement a shopping cart on a web <propfemale>? could really use the help!
who is buffon?
love how everyones update is about the weather!    hope tahoe is getting a few inches!
thinking about the bed!
not really feeling the morning!
trying to hit up the snowboarding e playful o in the city today!
bored!
attempting to finish up a talk 
la bound!
feels good to be home!
time to get back to the gym!
"work has slowed for the winter season! i'm enjoying the bum lifestyle! wake up, go to the gym at 6, come home around 8, eat breakfast, shower, get back in bed!"
claim jumper!
audio push!
in a few days i'll officially be old (relatively)! i still remember kindergarten!
searching craigslist for a spot in tahoe 
i think i'm done with this quiz crap! just took a quiz and it automatically sent to whom ever it chose in my friends list 
just got back from tahoe  had a good time  met some cool people 
let the countdown to whistler begin!
someone texted me about a resellers permit today  but i swapped phones and lost the message  hit me up again if it was you  thanks
interesting night!
tahoe is probably beautiful right about now!
hey people my phone will be off for the next week or so  if you need to reach me for some reason i will be checking my facebook from time to time 
home tomorrow    after one of the best trips i've taken in a while    i will miss canada!
"home again, and will be gone again tomorrow! gotta love it!"
<propfemale> will be missed!
kirkwood!
i'm hungry!
no work    might as well hit <propfemale>!
"just got back from tahoe, and i'm already anxious to travel again! i don't know if i'll ever be able to kick the habit!"
"if i offered you $1,000,000 today on the spot, or an investment account with a starting balance of $0 01, but doubled in value everyday for the next 30 days which would you take?"
gotta love extreme pizza!
what am i doin!? oh yea that's right i'm doin me!
i want a decent cup of coffee!
burnt out on facebook! but can't break the habit! oh well     
first day back at the gym after a 3 week hiatus is always the hardest!
this rain is messing with my money!
"\i better find yo lovin!\"""""
just saw a beautiful blue and white stripe gt 500 on the richmond parkway! almost shed a tear! who the heck needs new school!?
good morning all!
learned how to sample today! i'm juiced!
first weekend in a long time where i pretty much stayed home    i have to say i kinda loved it! let's try for a repeat!
"hey guys i'm selling various 1987-92 supra parts, as well as one 87 turbo targa top rolling chassis (no engine, transmission, stripped ) i do however have an na complete engine, ecu, and w58 transmission up for grabs  if you're interested in any parts, or know someone who might be, hit me up "
"another friday at home, and got down to business! things are looking up!"
i want to be on the cover of forbes magazine!
canada bound!
"last night talked a little too much in spanish! and thought i lost my glasses!    still loving vancouver, and the people out here! the bay has competition!"
"seat 1a, f-cabin, first off the plane    feels pretty good to be home "
listening to temper trap and <propfirst> sharpe in preparation for outside lands  i want to recognize more than just kings of <propfirst>!
on the road to washington 
feels good to be home 
hey guys apparently someone hacked one of my email accounts  so if u get an email from kwamekgregory@hotmail com do not open it!
interesting weekend   
thinking about watching inception this friday   
bumping <propfemale> holding you down (circles) @ 2am
looking forward to winter!
gonna miss the girls!
"want something off 4wheelparts com, or tires send me a message "
burnt out on 24hr fitness! especially hilltop! in desperate need of a new gym! taking sponsors for club sport! anything helps    thanks 
paving in what i heard is supposed to be 106 degree weather    this should be fun! i thought we got away from africa   ?
might be sun burnt for maybe the second time in my life   
in love with a 918 spyder!
right above it!
please tell me it's a joke! i'll laugh i promise!
then there were two   
pouring some out for the homie   
so it was all in <propfirst>'s hands! not sure if we're calling this a failure or success   ?
<propfirst> got next!
enjoying being my own boss! if only every job were like this!
sleepy!
"\a\"" students work for \""b\"" students at companies owned by \""c\"" students  while \""d\"" and \""f\"" students drop multi million dollar music albums """
"\rap song\"" or \""what's my name\"" u pick i'm on em both!"""
vibing to beats by kwam!
"u can bet that, never gotta sweat that!"
interpol!? why not?
"dark fantasy, all of the lights, sky might fall, fire!?"
always sleepy   
in need of caffeine!
ready for another international vacay!
wish i would've bought way more aapl! got a 60% return!
i am batman and <propfirst> <propfirst> is my <propfirst>
<propfirst> is trippin!
would love to be in monaco may 26th - 29th!
so car trouble on the way to la is always fun! especially before u get to the grape vine!    made it anyway  i may need to get my party on and unwind!    anybody want to buy a <propfemale>?
loving this weather! it's probably dumping in tahoe! can't wait for christmas weekend!
i officially will never try and go to barcode again  if there's ever anything going on there count me out!
#26 feels like we're getting closer daily! and i'm loving it  hit me up anytime u want to talk u know my number!
"#69 i still got more gigs, vocals, and game than u lol  jk  love u for life! take care of that baby! gotta kick sometime "
"#777 love ur style, yes u're one of the best dressed chicks i know  ur fam is off the hook! have had some good times lately, hope to have many more  we should talk more often! see u weekend after this one! splits maybe? lol"
"#55   #100 never really got the <propmale> to get to know u well, but from the few times we've <propmale> out u seem pretty cool  maybe we'll kick it in the future "
"really am burnt out on the club scene, but i guess i'll be going out this weekend  gotta show the sis the ins, and outs    who's down?    man i'm getting old "
"#211 always been a good friend to me, hope i've been the same  we go way back! and hopefully we got years to go  good seeing you at the meeting tonight, even though i was looking at the back of your head  lol"
#007 really got to know you well in tahoe lol  you're always fun to have around! why aren't you around more often?
#6481 i haven't seen your toes in years    i'm sure they're just fine lol 
#14 why are you leaving! swear you're commiting a sin! have never had a dull momment around you! you will be missed! mad you didn't come this way more often  i'm sure my good <propmale> will miss you dearly! and we need to go out dancing at least a few more times before you go 
"#99 great times in spokane, even though we were like the only 3 black people in a 100 mile radius  you're a pretty chill guy  didn't know jws can cus in washington lol jk  but u gotta come to the bay! or tahoe this winter! there will be plenty of good times  tell everyone i said hello up there "
#111 wow had some crazy times! can definitely appreciate your openess! gotta say i miss you  we gotta get together soon  in the mean time text me 
got roped into this number thing   
#21 seems like we've lost touch  missing you! you are one great dancer  miss the times at slide lol! and being around your bubbly personality  you rank highly on my list of top chicks!
up at 3:45 to move a machine near halfmoon bay at 6  made it all the way there only to find out the job was cancelled because of rain  gotta love construction in the winter! cell phones exist for a reason   
"#2132 you stay representing for us chocolate people up north! still down to fight for u lol! still think about the times we had in whistler down to this day! especially the hot tub rendezvous, u me and <propfemale>  not to mention longhorn, and who can forget about the dancing  consider u a great friend despite how often we see each other! hoping to reconnect in february "
24hr fitness is ghost town at 1 surprise 0 am!
logic 9 upgrade    worth the money?
outdoor hot tub in tahoe! 4 days with good friends! potential for a sick party! counting down the days!
ready for it to be thursday!
"didn't see the whole thing, but marley and me is a pretty good movie "
only 4 more days!
scotch and americana 
my little sister is my sunshine and i would not be the same without her in my life  she makes me smile and  happy and she's the best   so glad to have her on my trip
"great weekend! it will be missed!    and thanks all for the well wishing today  think i have one more 27th to look forward to, not sure what comes after turning 25   "
wish a few things in life were a heck of a lot easier!
gotta get out of this house!
drag racing on <propfirst> ness in an end dump  showing these s&s boys how to drive!
moment 4 life! been on repeat for hours! literally 
more work please 
i would like something with more than 180hp by summer  i wonder if i'll actually make it happen   
"just got through driving a <propfemale> sl63 definitely made my night!    scratch the last post, i need an upgrade "
so sleepy!
pretty sad    it's been so long since i've updated edited my website i pretty much forgot how to do it   
"just got schooled by a 40 year old, on the bench, in my own house    ouch!"
out here digging for a drunk man! this is not fun!
"at work in orinda watching this man get kicked out of his home, a house that he built, by his wife  i really feel sorry for him    i've always wondered how that works  how is it that the woman kicks the man out? lol"
