cd6239a29aa5b9861cfdd118b11a69c3
where was this little blue pill years ago?!  happy days   happy days   
aaahhhh!  finally getting my voice back   watch out kids!  7 days of flu hell   beware!!!
is watching her children sleep   they are so darn cute when they are sleeping!
is making the sauce for tamales-tonight's dinner and the rest of the week's lunch   (why can't i make smaller batches?)
estoy cansada   buenas noches 
is bored   doctor won't let me return to work until january at the earliest   i've been off of work since july   i'm going crazy!
this is for you kelly   my life is one big <propfirst> springer show!
"it's 1:52am   i can't sleep   i have to get up with the kids at 6am and here i am, like a moth to a flame, gazing at the computer screen playing silly little kids games "
"it's another beautiful day!!  time to take <propfirst> on our 6 mile walk   have a good day   get outside and enjoy it, it'll be gone before you know it "
"is listening to and, unfortunately for the neighbors, singing with the beatles \all you need is love\"" while getting ready to go out   happy friday everyone!"""
two words for you   men suck!  could anyone answer me this?  since when does a woman being sad equal she's cheating?
"is going outside to change the oil in her car   yes guys, some women actually do know how to do this "
"time to turn up the music, rock out and annoy the neighbors   enjoy the gorgeous weather "
tequila   mmm   need i say more 
my head and arm hurt from last night   men!  i think it's time to cut my hair again   that way no one can grab a hold of it and yank on it 
"is making cookies   kids are sleeping   house is clean   it's nice and peaceful in the house   so, back to doing what i do best "
any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out and i am tired!
sick again   everything is moving in slow motion today   hurts to even think 
<propfirst>'s birthday is monday   starting to get ready for his party on sunday   cake is in the oven   making him a neopolitan dragon cake   simple cakes just won't please him anymore   i think he just likes to watch mom shape the cakes and decorate for hours 
i want my gas stove back!!
"is wondering:  what is the purpose of life?  are we mere test subjects to determine the amount of pain one can tolerate while still clinging for life to that miniscule glimmer of hope that something positive will ever enter our lives?  or, is there something more?"
mexican night tonight   masa ball soup with tacos de carne asada   have a good weekend everyone!
i don't care how many boys are in this house   the toilet seat goes down!
pacquiao vs  cotto tonight   can't wait!
and pacquiao takes it!!!
"i hate turkey!  why does it always have to be turkey?  give me duck, cornish game hen   anything but turkey   why, mom, why?!  guess i better bring the salsa to add some flavor so i can choke it down "
best part about turkey leftovers   turkey tamales 
"is cleaning house   weightlifting after that   must keep occupied, thinking is dangerous!"
"dinner is over   yeah!  30 minutes notice   no pressure there   2 mexican entrees, 1 chinese and 1 american along with appetizers and dessert (not taking any more requests, ever)   why did i ditch the microwave?!  if you thought that was good, next time give me an hour "
?? i'm feeling wings though i've never flown   got a mind of my own   ??  guess what kind of mood i'm in   
"man may have discovered fire   but, women learned how to play with it "
"life may take you where you least e playful ect, but have faith that you are precisely where you are supposed to be "
"they say that everything that happens to you good or bad makes you who you are today   i wonder if my life had been easier, would i be a kind, compassionate person or a shallow, selfish bitch?"
"today's fortune cookies:  get ready for a life-changing event   and   embrace change, don't fight it   hmm, i could use a little change   a big change would be even better   feeling quite restless right now "
everyone can make you happy in life  some do it by walking in   some by walking out!  i'll be happy tomorrow when my soon to be ex-husband goes back home 
on my way to child support to get screwed by the state of wisconsin again 
"usually when i get screwed, i enjoy it   the child support system in this state is royally messed up   my husband not only does not have to pay child support, i have to pay him when my doctor releases me to go back to work   he has the kids 2 days per week   i have them 5   and i have to pay child support?!"
ahhhh!  peace and quiet   just what i need   that and a bottle of <propfemale>!
owwww!
word to the wise   do not call me at 3:45am and e playful ect me to be nice--unless it's an emergency 
"completed the children in the middle class yesterday   now waiting for my husband to do the same so we can get this divorce over with   first he stalled by not making the child support appointments for two months, now by not taking the class when scheduled   will this ever end?  i want my freedom!"
is being held hostage by her bed   please do not attempt negotiations until morning 
and me without a shovel!
i think everyone else's snow has blown into my yard   i can only see 1 2 of my car and i have no shovel to dig myself out   any kids in the area want to make a few bucks?
finally ventured out to get the mail   snow drifts mid-thigh   walking with a 4 year old tomorrow to get a shovel should be lots of fun 
8 year old is throwing a temper tantrum because the 4 year old messed up his temporary tattoo while he was applying it   15 minutes in   let's see if this one lasts 2 1 2 hours like the last one 
hmmm   how long will the mania last?  started just before thanksgiving  god i love this feeling!
is running in overdrive   2-3 hours of sleep per night for the last 2 weeks   need an outlet!
is sick and tired of cowardly men   please guys   grow a pair!
is it over yet?
"the key to a happier world is the growth of compassion  we do not need to become religious, nor do we need to believe in an ideology  all that is necessary is for each of us to develop our good human qualities "
"i finally got the ok from the doctor to go back to work   she said i'm responding very well to the meds   what she doesn't know is that i stopped taking the meds around thanksgiving and have been testing a theory about diet and my disorder and feel better than i ever have in the past 16 years    unfortunately fml e playful ired in oct, so now i have to find another job "
too sick to go home for christmas   don't want to infect the entire family   <propfemale> christmas everyone!
"1 1 2 <propmale> to make todays mileage goal, but <propfirst> is bugging the crap out of me   i guess it'll have to wait until he goes to sleep "
"to all you moms out there, join the fun & re-post this as your status update  how much did your children weigh at birth?  let's see if i can remember them all jolene   after all i am getting old   ryan:  6lbs 8oz  steven:  8lbs 1oz  drew:  7lbs 4oz  mark:  9lbs 13oz   it's amazing how my smallest child at birth is the largest now and the largest at birth is my smallest "
first day volunteering at wtc as an esl and math tutor   it was lots of fun   forgot how much i enjoyed doing that 
urbandictionary com just called me a nympho and a whore   how rude!
off to see the personal trainer   i may not make it back alive 
"okay, i survived   but that woman is nuts!"
where is the escape hatch?!
woo hoo   new car!  old one is getting stripped and going to the boneyard   good  riddance you pos!
you can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into 
cleaning house   happy friday!
"suffering from meat withdrawal   what i wouldn't give for a big, juicy hamburger right now   oh well, back to my black bean chilaquiles "
had a ct scan done today   they blew one iv and had to put in another   hospitals suck!
happy st  <propfirst>'s day to all especially the person in whitehall who found an envelope with $3200+ and decided not to turn it in even though it has all the rightful owners information in it   thank you very much   may <propfemale> bite you in the ass!
nothing like a little fun to get your mind off losing a few thousand dollars 
anyone know where to purchase malt syrup in the lacrosse area?
"first concert you attended! everyone please play! copy & paste this on your profile, then put your first concert at the end of this sentence:  quiet riot 1984"
"life is like a jar of jalapeno peppers:  what you do today, might burn your ass tomorrow "
had my last wisdom tooth removed today   2 hours later and i still can't feel half my face 
it's going to be a quiet day in my house   at least on my end   the kids are going to love it!
is feeling politely confrontational today  would anyone care for a piece of me?
i see earless chocolate bunnies   
making the ultimate mexican comfort food   chilaquiles   yum!
"took the kids to the sweet shop   talk about lack of impulse control, but so worth it   sweet shop deluxe   heaven in a bowl "
still trying to reorganize my kitchen since the ex went back home   at least the rest of the house looks good 
making homemade cinnamon rolls   nothing like having a big ball of dough fly out of your mixer at you while sitting at the table 
"messiest cinnamon rolls i have ever made, but soooooo good "
"obviously, not having a good day "
"enough procrastinating, back to writing my business plan "
"writing a business plan is a pain in the rear   so far, all i have done is the description of the business, vision statement, and the mission statement   i've been too busy creating and recreating the menu to get any further "
tamales para cena <propfemale> noche con camarones en chipotle y sopa de limon y cilantro   it's going to be a mexican weekend   kids are in black river with their dad 
"just sent a message to <propfirst>'s father   i guess i do have a bit of fight left in me   tomorrow, off to the courthouse to file papers to enforce my visitation rights   1 1 2 years is long enough "
needs a good stiff one   or two   
off to orientation   hope i don't fall asleep 
is in a foul mood this morning   maybe i should go back to bed and try again 
"what did i do to deserve this?  damn, <propfemale>'s a bitch!"
14 days until name change   now i have to get used to signing my maiden name again   wonder how many times i'll screw that up 
thanks to everyone who helped me reach the 200 goal on mma   now for 250 
is in desperate need of a haircut   
i wonder if urban dictionary has a word for facebooking while drunk   
time for a road trip   i feel the need for speed!
where's a good place to go in lacrosse to get shitfaced?  i haven't been to any of the bars in the area in almost 20 years 
"sorry to slam the door in your face, but you have treated me like shit for too damn long   why the hell should i treat you any better?"
happy birthday to all my friends whose birthdays are this week   hope you have the best birthday ever!
watching the hangover   perfect viewing for someone getting home at 6am and going on 3 hours of sleep   need a good laugh!
?? sweet dreams till sunbeams find you   sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you   but in your dreams whatever they be dream a little dream of me  ??  good night 
9 more days until my divorce is final   men are lucky   they don't have to go through the process of notifying everyone of a name change   again 
the headache i've had for four days has now been upgraded to full blown migraine 
why should i take it laying down when bending over is so much easier?
glow-in-the-dark condoms   now you see it   now you don't   
be careful whose toes you step on today because they might be connected to the foot that kicks your ass tomorrow 
"i think my emotional detachment switch is broken, i'm not supposed to care, but i do "
"while you scream at your woman, there's a \man wishing he could talk softly to her ear    while you humiliate, \offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding \her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man \wishing he could make love to her  while you make your women cry \there's a    man stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if \you're against domestic violence ?"
"ok, had enough sappy music today   time for some metal!"
"went to the optometrist today   he was checking my eyes and told me that my eyes seemed a bit irritated   of course they're irritated, you just put drops in them "
would someone please help me pull my foot out of my mouth?  it keeps getting stuck in there 
just got a phone call asking where i was at 7pm   he said he drove by and my car wasn't here   bull!  i've been home since noon and have the maniacal postings on facebook to prove it 
"if you're going to call and <propfemale> up, at least make it challenging by blocking your number from my caller id "
"they say a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live     repost if you are \lucky enough to have at least one of these types of friends"
"good morning my dear mr  sun, i miss you   please come back   i long to feel the warmth of your touch against my face once more "
off to the children's museum
"please ignore all invites sent from me   clicked on a link and it sent out invites to all friends   i apologize, please ignore "
i am bored out of my mind   even boxing is incapable of holding my attention for more than a couple of seconds tonight 
"crazy assed drunk just called wanting me to pick him up from neillsville   does the word \children\"" mean anything to you?  they come first and i make no apologies for that """
i hate when bugs fly down my shirt then i risk indecent e playful osure trying to get it out 
"<propfirst> does a great job riding his bike   now, if he'd only learn how to stop "
"results of today's walk ride with the kids:  1 skinned knee, 1 bruised elbow, 1 exhausted 4 year old and peace and quiet for mom by 9pm   let's do it again tomorrow "
making a celebratory dinner for my ex   i promise   no poison   
sometimes you have to lose your mind before you come to your senses 
"the new mechanical horse on cafe world just reminded me of the one at the old arcade that used to be in bridgeview plaza, a black and yellow swimsuit, and singing \i wanna be a cowbee   and you can be my stinger \"""""
learn as if you were going to live forever   live as if you were going to die tomorrow ~mahatma gandhi
"what is your purpose?  clear your mind, open your heart and listen   it will come "
"what part of \do not call me\"" is so hard to understand?"""
"hot water fixed   now, i can start making tamales "
so <propfirst> won   round of applause for being mainstream and sounding like everyone else out there 
"reason without faith is blind, faith without reason is dangerous "
"\patient endurance is what you need now \""  hmmm   since when have i ever been patient?"""
the human mind is like a parachute   it only functions when open 
just a couple days in to summer vacation and i'm already getting irritated by the neighborhood kids invading my house   it's summer   go outside and play or i will destroy your game systems 
i've been informed to turn off my phone and not answer my door tonight   thankfully his friends are still looking out for me 
"my oldest son was right, i would have made a good drill sergeant   i've been barking orders at my kids for the past 45 minutes   they made the mess, they will clean it up "
"fall tuition paid    now, i need to get my books "
that was fun   maybe next time he'll think twice before he comes into my home and starts crap with me 
it's quiet   too quiet
off to the minnesota zoo with the kids 
"i hate driving in the cities, especially when i get forced to take the wrong exit and the exit ramp to get back on the highway is closed   thankfully we made it home before the storms   now, i should probably eat something since i haven't had anything besides wontons all day "
taking the kids to copeland park   they can play all they want and i don't have to tie any more water balloons   at least for a few hours 
finally made it to the park after stopping at sse music for some new reeds and a couple of instruments for the kids 
"i guess any long distance walking is out for a while until my foot heals   at least i can still lift weights, but calf raises and squats are out "
"the man is leaving friday   now, who am i going to argue with?  arguing with myself isn't nearly as much fun "
finally moved the solid wood dresser upstairs   by myself   damn thing weighs over 200 pounds   only dropped it on my foot once   where's a man when you need one?
people who change their minds constantly really piss me off   especially when it affects my kids 
you cannot control other people's actions   you can only control how you respond to those actions   blocked and deleted 
"i try to be nice   but, sometimes, it's so damn hard "
"in desperate need of a babysitter   after the week i've had, i need a night out "
"we may have had our ups and downs, but the last few years have been worth the ride   take care of yourself and try to stay out of trouble 'cause i cannot be there to bail you out "
"poor <propfirst>   with all these tornado and storm warnings, he's having trouble keeping his lunch down "
took the kids to the beach in <propfemale> today   i have a feeling sleep will be elusive tonight   i am one crispy critter 
"the reason i do not belong to any organized religion is because the practice of compassion and forgiveness has given way to the practice of materialism, discrimination and judgement   is this really how god wants people to behave?  treat others with respect and dignity, kindness and compassion "
"all i want is one good night of sleep   someone make the dreams stop, please "
i sat face to face with a hummingbird this morning   it was absolutely beautiful 
making cupcakes with the boys   it looks like a bag of flour e playful loded in my kitchen 
homemade tacos <propmale> pastor   i'm in heaven 
"is about to practice her magic act   let's see if i can make myself disappear   bye-bye folks, i'm out of here "
"hmmm   rendezvous closed in less than a year   so, we have a man who cannot efficiently run a business running the city   what were you people thinking?"
"humor is always appreciated regardless of the source   as i was driving, i noticed a sign in front of a church and had to laugh   \fight truth decay   study the bible daily \"""""
spent the day at the pool with the kids   hope everyone has a great time at the reunion tonight   have a couple for those of us that can't make it 
wish i had a babysitter tonight   a trip to lacrosse would do me good right now 
"can't wait until i see one of my neighbors   her son was over here earlier and took my bass clarinet out of my closet and threw it in the driveway   the gooseneck and <propfemale> are dented, keys are bent and the mouthpiece is chipped   that kid is so lucky i'm not his mother "
time to go hit the bag until i cool off 
"if school wasn't starting in a couple weeks, i'd pack up and go on a long road trip "
"in full cleaning mode   house is getting cleaned from top to bottom, including ceilings   i won't be able to talk for a week or so after bleaching everything   my kids are going to love it "
sipping my creme brulee coffee and waiting for the kids to go to bed so i can clean the rest of the house without interruption 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes   i appreciate them more than i can possibly e playful ress   have a wonderful day!
"made it through day 1 without eating   now, let's see if i make through day 2 "
toilet was overflowing when we came home from eau <propfemale> today so now i have to call the landlord again to fix yet another problem  at least it's not the boiler this time 
"cinnamon rolls for morning, dough is resting peacefully in the fridge after i beat the hell out of it "
must   write   paper   must   write   paper   i'm losing the fight with procrastination   it would help if the first marketing assignment was at least a little interesting 
"showing symptoms of an upswing   insomnia, hyperactivity, general intolerance to stupidity "
second day of classes and i have come to the realization that i have no <propfemale> for disorganized instructors 
taking a break from business law (yawn)   took this class 16 years ago   not much has changed except for the size of the book   it was a lot thicker back then with a lot less pictures 
yay!  finished the marketing assignment 4 days ahead of schedule   no more assignments to do until wednesday 
wooohooo!  it's almost 5am   isn't insomnia great!
am i really that unapproachable that people feel the need to talk to me through friends?
looks like i'm taking the kids to the emergency room with me 
off to take a cold shower   
went in for a body composition analysis   this is the first time i've ever liked what a doctor had to say 
really?!  come on   i think you need to have your eyes examined 
ok   this is becoming very entertaining   if you really want to play   then let's play   but i want to see some originality   try for something i've never heard before 
disorganized instructor from hell   
"so tired   business law, intro to business, and marketing today   death by chapter reading   must stay awake   give me multiple projects   with deadlines   entertain me!"
can go from complete sanity to lunacy in a matter of seconds   engage with caution 
<propfirst>'s first day of school didn't go so well   he didn't get home until almost 5pm   his brothers left him on the bus and he had to ride the entire bus route before coming home 
"this morning's conversation: mark: \i don't want to go to school   what if i don't get off the bus again?\"" me: \""1  you don't have a choice   2  i'll be waiting at the bus stop   they won't be going anywhere until you get off \"""""
trying to exercise a little self-control   minute by excruciating minute 
kids are playing at mcdonalds   i'm trying to write an article on employee retention   it's due wednesday  i should have been done with it yesterday   i'm a little behind this week 
<propfirst> broke my laptop   one weeks worth of work   gone 
i'm so tired of trying to be good   i want to be bad   very bad 
"i'm a bad, bad girl!"
"<propfemale> may be a virtue, but it's not one i possess "
"wow, do i have a lot to atone for   time to bring out the whip "
"i may enjoy certain things more than the average person, but that does not make me an addict "
happy 9th birthday <propfirst>!
"it's so nice having my computer back   now, i can give that stupid netbook to the kids   damn, those things are slow "
<propfirst> is way too much like his mother   i'm going to have trouble with that one 
hoping to get the home gym set up in the basement by this weekend 
"why is it that furniture looks so small in the store, but when you get it home it looks huge?"
"texting the ex, texting a friend, chatting on facebook and on messenger   multitasking at its finest "
"i hope my washer and dryer get here soon   i'm patiently waiting to mop my floor until after they deliver   ok, maybe not so patiently   i really want to mop before the kids get home "
"just finished my power point presentation on learning styles   hmmm, what to do next?  paper on global marketing or macroeconomics?  it's friday and i'm doing homework   how pathetic!"
i need a truck or a van   something big enough to transport a 259 pound piece of equipment   and a man to help <propfemale> it   any volunteers?
treadmill is up and running   thanks dad!
softball with the kids in the afternoon   softball until 6   holy cats i'm tired!
i am so screwed!  when will i ever learn?!
5 pounds in 3 days   that's a good start 
"oops, i broke my halo   guess my horns are getting a little too big "
one good whack over the head with a baseball bat ought to do it 
they want us to leave arcadia   how the hell are we supposed to get out!
"kids are out playing in the yard   can't fault them for that   i was doing it last night myself   yeah, i know, i'm a big kid "
state patrol heading this way
i wonder how long it's going to be before the school reopens   i hope monday!
i hate mood swings!  all i want to do right now is beat the crap out of something 
"laying in the grass doing homework and talking to the neighbor about hispanic men and their egos and how they hate getting a taste of their own medicine   needless to say, i'm not getting much done "
nauseous and exhausted
"damn, am i hurting today   bruised hips, thighs and a strained calf   "
"had to sit down and have \the talk\"" with someone last night   i hope he understood """
just call me the annihilator     smile 
what does it take for me to speak spanish fluently?  anger and lots of it!  love it when i get to be mean for a good cause   the look on his face was priceless 
"looks like i may need the assistance of the police department tonight   that is if he follows through with his threats   hopefully, he's just blowing smoke "
unadulterated happiness
really wish the kids would contain their mess to the play room 
"saw this on a friends post earlier   secrets to a happy marriage\1  it is important to find a woman that cooks and cleans \2  it is important to find a woman that makes good money \3  it is important to find a woman that likes to have sex \and most important   4  it is important that these three women never meet "
"life comes with no guarantees, no time outs, no do overs   live life to the fullest   tell someone what they mean to you   speak your mind   dance in the pouring rain   fall asleep watching the sun come up   smile until your face hurts  don't be afraid to take chances   love like you have never been hurt   but most importantly, live in the moment, you never know when it may be your last "
wish i could just let go and say how i feel   
it's useless quiz time!
they say that the eyes are the windows to one's soul   i think they're right   
the greatest control is admitting you have no control 
"if my personality had a flavor, what would it be?"
if i'm sitting here quietly with a devilish smile on my face   be afraid   be very afraid!
go confidently in the direction of your dreams  live the life you have imagined   ~henry <propfirst> thoreau
working on my spam presentation   i never thought an assignment on spam could be this much fun 
what's the difference between ignorance and apathy?  i don't know and i don't care 
your proctologist called   he found your head 
"honesty is the best policy, but insanity is the best defense "
hanging out in platteville tonight   i really like it down here 
"fish heads, fish heads, roly poly fish heads   "
face your fears to find what you seek   follow your heart to find happiness 
why do i feel like i haven't accomplished anything today?
es el <propfemale> que abraza el cuerpo en amor verdadero 
"in your life you will find one person  the love between you will go beyond words, and be spoken deep within the eyes  this feeling, this connection, will never be broken "
"i'm feeling so girly today, i'm even wearing a skirt "
gotta love sundays   cleaning the house from top to bottom   wonder if i'll lose my voice again 
hmmmm   that's all i have to say today 
sitting in class   bored out of my mind 
i hate looking for apartments!
looked at a couple of places today   no way in hell am i paying that kind of money for a crappy apartment!
"<propfirst> was home sick today with 104 degree fever   gets to stay home from school tomorrow too thanks to the 24 hour rule   luckily, no vomiting, for now "
get the pleasure of driving all the way to tomah tomorrow to look at a house   yay!
furniture sitting outside in the lawn   somebody take it please!
finally found a house   it's a huge old farmhouse that just needs a little love 
"existential philosophy   nope, i've got nothing "
"commitment is healthiest when it is not without doubt, but in spite of doubt  it is not a contradiction to believe fully yet have doubts   it is nothing but an awareness that truth always goes beyond anything that can be said or done at any given moment "
shields up!
"ahhh, the goldschlager went down so good last night   a couple more and i would have been singing   unfortunately, i have school in the morning, so no drinking tonight "
"well, time to hit the road so i can get my marketing assignment done "
can't seem to get warm tonight 
i think i'm seriously developing a shoe fetish 
"i made three promises to myself when i was 17   1  never fall in love   2  never get married   3  never have kids   damn, i broke them all   just a little out of order "
my head is definitely not in the right place today 
i really should be working on my business plan   it's due in 2 days 
"the marketing section of this business plan is giving me a headache   after i pick up the kids, i'll throw on some suicidal tendencies and bust it out "
back in platteville for the night   why is it that i feel so comfortable here?
life's a terminal disease 
"we grow through adversity  we need not seek it out; we can all look back at moments when our lives were in utter chaos, desolation and despair   growth comes when we respond to adversity by stretching just an edge beyond our talent and e playful erience   ~dr  <propfirst> d  wald"
"if you find yourself walking through the bowels of hell, run!  you're in my realm now   abandon all hope ye who enter here "
"warning:  i am cranky, tired, and prone to taking things the wrong way   approach with caution "
guess what time it is kids   it's cleaning time!  grab your buckets and your brushes and hop to it!
pounding out the homework today   that's what i get for not doing anything this weekend 
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas   ewww!  i really need to move south 
i think hell just froze over 
school has been cancelled tomorrow   at least i don't have to call in now 
i got busted singing in the kitchen   nothing like belting out a tune and having someone walk in on you   smile 
patiently waiting until friday so i can take my last final   business law   all other classes are done for the semester 
looks like any toys the kids left outside before the storm will be left behind   i hate moving in december 
finally got my grade back on my business plan   199 200   hurry up and return it   i want to see where i lost a point   i just hope it wasn't something stupid like a spelling error   i forgot to spell check before i sent it off 
good thing i keep track of my grades   had to correct a 14 point mistake by my business law instructor 
"out of the ash i rise with my red hair, and i eat men like air  ~sylvia plath \lady lazarus\"""""
i think for christmas i'll get me a pair of black thigh high boots   sounds like a good present to me 
"finally finished christmas shopping for the kids today   now, it's time to get some fun things for mom "
time to slip on the boots and go to bed 
5 days left to finish moving   nice time to get sick 
anyone know of any local organizations in need of kids clothing boys sizes 3-6?  i have a couple bags full that i am looking to donate 
4 0  smile 
20 pounds to go to get to where i was 10 years ago 
one person can make a difference   a million can change the world 
<propfemale> and peach schnapps   what a wonderful combination  smile 
"they are all dead to me   if i never see or speak to them again, it will be too soon "
yay!  abnormal psychology in 30 minutes  smile 
-23f when i went to school this morning   like riding in a lumber wagon 
porterhouse and baby bakers   it's been so long   i almost forgot how good beef is in steak form 
i'm a little suspicious of my housekeeper   things just aren't adding up   it should have been a lot cleaner in here when i got home from school 
love my collar!
guess i better start my ethics paper on the morality of infidelity based on various theories   i suppose i have to include divine command and natural law   let's see how many feathers i can ruffle this week 
