8804c19dd97a0bd54244feaceaee43ec
<propfemale> christmas everybody 
got my first iv today  thought the ordeal was over yesterday and boy was i wrong lol  hopefully i actually pass this little bugger soon 
"finally passed that little pain day before yesterday, then felt like crap yesterday  what a week, lol "
i saw what's left of the mcdonald's in monett  all i can say is rofl 
starts his next semester of college on tuesday  awesome!
"since the afc decided to come down to a farce playoff team and peyton mcchoke, and i hate <propfirst> favre's guts, i'll be bandwagoning the saints this year  go brees!"
"if anybody in my mafia has a passport i'll trade pretty much everything in my meager collection for it! if not, i could use the baht envelopes, i'll do my best to send them back!"
screw <propfirst> favre and go saints!
"huh  can't get to my profile through the profile link or the one with my name, but if i find one of my pics and click on it i can get there  now i get to figure out wtf is going on -_-"
figured it out  doesn't mean it's not retarded 
won't be long now til i get my money - and a car! thank god    
civilization 5 was announced today! can't wait!
hopefully by next weekend my car's heater core will be in!
"monday my car will finally be legal  woulda been today, but i forgot the <propfemale> release  stupid me   "
car's finally legal! bout damn time too!
found my notebook but still need to find my education textbook  at least i managed to find half the missing duo - much thanks to my education teacher for it too 
just finished my 5-hour teacher observation  now to put everything off for 3-4 days so i can enjoy some of the off time!
death by snu-snu! rofl futurama is awesome!
hermes is an annoying little bastard   
anybody have a green bowler's cap in mafia wars? i have 4 of the laser sights from the crew collection so whoever spares a cap for me will get one!
two hours of sleep sucks total ass sad 
"i have: 2 gps signal scrambler, 5 classified report, 2 guidance module, 2 map of the  garage, 3 shipment info, 3 tracking laser sight  i want to trade down to 1 of those to get what i'm missing: access code, guards  schedule, schedule of truck route, ultralite fuel cell, microchip fitted key,  counterfeit id badges  if you need something and have extra of something i need, let me know so we can set something up!"
"has no idea what to do for this philosophy of education paper  everything i put sounds like \what they want to hear\"" and that's not right  ugh """
happy easter everybody!
"apparently i'm losing my sense of humor      bad joojoo for me, cause i love it crying "
hey terrorist! terrorize this!
bored out of my mind  ugh  nothing like spending most of a saturday at home doing literally nothing    
is resigned to the likely future 
has visions of baseball bats and <propfirst> guns dancing in his head 
what a night 
t minus five minutes to <propmale> capone kicking <propfirst> <propfirst>' ass!
"\i serve this country at my pleasure  and we all know you can count on me pleasuring myself!\"" rofl <propfirst> stark is awesome """
"i am gonna be pissed as hell if the aztec wins tonight  i want to call a fight correctly, dammit!"
"please put this on your status if youknow,or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it wasobliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understandthat the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wantsonly to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues tokillinnocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make thisyour statusfor at least one hour?"
"congratulations <propfemale>! next up is college, with a clean slate, so make the most of it!"
"nazi ss vs viet cong in just over an hour! hitler's boys won't be giving up anytime soon  too bad the james capone replay is on    grenade vs rifle at long range? wtf?\ gun vs gun, dammit!"
going jobhunting tomorrow  hoping i can find something that will fit around class  wish me luck!
"job interview today at 3, place called vector  i need the $$$ so i hope i get this job "
"<propmale> centurion vs rajput warrior tonight  that metal whip might be cool, but tower shield = win!"
"the immortal won, making me 3-5 for this season of deadliest warrior! only thing that made tonight better was spending it with her!"
"wow, that was a lot of clips to listen to for the baroque and classical periods  to all those thinking of taking music appreciation online for an easy a - it's more work than you think!"
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone! happy birthday to me!"
"great-grandpa gripka just got some really bad news  2-4 for weeks to live, tops, before stomach cancer gets him  we love you grandpa!"
"wee vee fell victim to the uss iowa  figures  first scharnhorst and now iowa, can't get the rolls i need to kill the biguns when i need them sad "
musashi one-hit-killed bismarck and akagi but still ended up in a draw cause of freakin' submarines   
"been a rough day today  hopefully all the bad joojoo is gone  rest in peace, sable  was hoping to see you one more time before you went  thought i had a few more years  to anyone who reads this, make sure you <propfemale> your (and your parent's friend's family's etc) pets while they're alive "
weapons up for mongol vs comanche     my choice hasn't changed  mongol all the way!
"done with school til the 23rd  bout time, too  screw online classes "
discovery channel really should do some new stuff for shark week  air jaws and the ilk get boring    there's only so much you can say about great whites jumping out of the water  yeah    i'm bored 
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his her family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for our freedom  it's military appreciation week         repost this if you are in the military,    love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero, or appreciate our troops!"
school starts for me tuesday  gonna be awesome 
"ugh, ten bucks of gas in my car only gets a trip and a half to school  oh well, gotta finish switching locks and i can change it8-)"
"i shot a man in reno, just to watch him die     <propfirst> cash rules "
"c-base test friday  i'm told it's like the act, but i have to write a 5 paragraph essay  if true     too easy "
c-base seemed simple enough  i'll find out how i did here in a few weeks  now all i got to do is test into math 107 and i'll be set to graduate in the spring!
"woo, tested into 107  definitely gonna get my aat this spring  can't wait, either  been busy as hell getting things done and it's only gonna get harder the closer may gets "
fuck madden 11 and the stupid passing changes 
going spelunking tomorrow for geology class  gonna be all kinds of interesting 
how bout them steelers8-)
"as much as i like the production i'll be getting in my league that i started mcfadden is, where did the real raiders go?"
"i hate you, <propmale> manning "
"got my c-base scores today  composite 377, scored in the 92nd percentile8-)"
"<propmale>, boardwalk empire, a steeler game actually airing in missouri, and the walking dead  spectacular night, even if the steelers lost "
"what a way to start the week  new house, <propmale>, boardwalk empire and walking dead, a steeler win and wins in every one of my fantasy football leagues8-)!"
just a few more weeks left  cbase and caap tests done  scheduling for spring done  projects for tech for teaching and observation for teaching professionals almost done  can't wait til winter break 
30 days and i'll be home for a little while  can't wait 
rip great grandpa 
"new policy: if i <propfemale> anything out, the person i'm <propfemale>ing it to will pay a down payment of whatever it costs to rebuy said item "
"gonna be on my way to clarksburg tomorrow  the insanity that was finals is over, looking forward to relaxing for a while "
o'hare wants me to pay for wifi  gotta be the greediest retards i know  unbelievable 
"school started back up  6am to be here by 8 is way too early  heard that the cat i used to live with, frosty, joined sable (our dog) a few days ago  gonna miss them both "
pittsburgh steelers going to the super bowl again! first to seven lombardis!8-)
go steelers!
"ugh, <propmale>  should have treated your receivers like they were in bathroom stalls  probably would have won then  at least it wasn't <propfirst>  thank god for that "
yay my sinus infection is going away! tae kwon do would have sucked hard if it hadn't 
hm  the next 21 and a half hours couldn't go by faster  could they? i hope they can 
"the rock! i haven't watched wrestling in years, but i got a stream of that in a real quick hurry  it's amazing how quickly the fans turned on cena  the attitude <propfemale> isn't dead yet!8-)"
"holy crap i need to practice my kicks and form for tae kwon do  then again, coming off a sinus infection really didn't help lol  i'll do better next week!"
time for a back to the future binge  great <propfirst>!
rofl so much irony packed into not even half of the first back to the future 
1 21 gigawatts?! where am i gonna generate that kind of power!
hm  looks like time for some deadliest warrior 
red = best hair color ever 
been a good day today 
provisionally accepted to my 4-year school  awesome  spring break needs to come faster  these two papers suck 
"after watching my ric flair and <propmale> hart dvds, then reading jericho's book    i realized there's no way i can watch wrestling as it is now "
holy crap i think that was the best mic work i've ever seen cena do 
"sweet jesus, that has to have been the single worst <propmale> i've ever seen  <propmale> 11 was better, and bam bam bigelow was in its main event!"
