896ffc8cd6b2915b8633689fe47f5472
happy new years!!!! bring it 2011!!! lets see what you got!!!!
din din time!!!!!!!!! pizzzzzaaaaaaa!!!
bed time!!
"gotta mow the lawn after i eat lunch, my day is just a box full of chocolates "
"cant wait until next week for snl cause they will have <propfemale> white, this week is just zach gailfianakis "
"you work so hard to get something, and then once you get it you love it so much that in the end; it ends up owning you "
"you work so hard to get something, and then once you get it you love it so much that in the end; it ends up owning you \+ <propfemale> white on snl in like 8 mins!!!"
"you work so hard to get something, and then once you get it you love it so much that in the end; it ends up owning you \+ <propfemale> white on snl!!!!!!!!"
"had fun at school, and made liitle kids laugh   loudly and now my head hurts from falling into the pit so much "
is bored!!!
happy that the bus driver has a funny bone cause i could of gotten written up for dancing to the front of the bus & back with a funny look on my face 
is pumped!!!! whooooooooooo!!!
"had a fun ride home by sticking my head out the window and yelling shamalalala w  an evil look on my face and screaming it evily  prob freaked someone out, but it was fun!"
i have to come up with a monologue for drama 2 w  2 totaly different characters talking about the same thing      maybe <propmale> cliton and some australian british guy talking about health care          
have to mow the yard today 
took a break to eat lunch after i need go and do the back yard
finaly all done w  the yard 
going to picnic soon 
"the picnic was fun, had lots to eat "
is bored!!!!!!!!
well felt like    well still kinda feel that i have a chip on my shoulder and it dosent want to go away    and i dont know why      hmmmmm   
"well today is better,i dont have that stpuid chip on my shoulder, i am half way done w  my monologue "
"well i did my interview for the vietman war thing and my uncle was a gunner for the navy swwwweeeeeet!!, and now i only have to do my other monlogue and i am all done with final projects"
that stupid chip came back today and i was like forget this so when these girls in 3 mod were talking bad about my partner i snapped and got those freshmen to be quiet  i feel great!!!
"goin to bed soon, cant stop doing the <propmale> and the just kidding and get it out of my mind, cant wait for tomorrow get out of school at 11 whoo-hoo!!"
is going to the shooting range soon  fun!!!
is bored!
is all done w  2 <propfemale> vietnam history report  now i get to lay back for the rest of the day 
only a couple more days of school left!!!!
watching last comic standing  funny!!!
"did my drama final, did great even though my allergies were kicking my butt  tomorrow u s history & geometry  only 2 days left!!"
"did my u s history final, got 5 points away from perfect  tomorrow geometry part 2 & last day of school tomorrow!!!!!!!!!"
"schools out for summer!!!! had fun on the bus, kept danceing til i got off  <propfirst> is the best bus drive ever!!!"
doing nothing but video games all day 
"just watched the blind side finaly, its a great movie "
just finished watching <propmale> gump  gonna watch it again on tbs  its   so   great   its    like    a    box   of    chocolates 
i love night moring!!!!!
is going out to go get an allergy shot 
"went to 5 below after shot and got some stuff and then went back to the car and looked at the change and realized the girl gave me 30 cents over what she was suppose to give me, so i went back in there and gave it to her and now i feel great "
       so       yeah       
seriously can’t wait for zombie night!!!!
loves <propfirst> powers goldmember!! cant wait for zombie night!!
only 17 hrs & 3 mins til zombie night!!!!!!
only 6 hrs and 15 mins til zombie night!!!!!
only 3 hrs & 15 mins til zombie night!!!!
only 2 hrs & 10 mins til zombie night!!!!!
only 1 hr & 24 mins til zombie night!!!
"zombie night was fun!!! cant wait for snl, showing <propfemale> white again! sweet!!"
is really bored out of his mind!!
am i the only one seeing an orange ish <propfemale>??
is bored and cant wait for church to do skit!!
is bored!
pumped and cant go to bed b c not tired at all      strange cause i only got like 6 hrs of sleep last night 
still pumped and still cant go to bed b c still not tired at all      strange cause i only got like 6 hrs of sleep last night 
been up all night and still not tired      its going to be a loooooonnnnnnnggggg day 
is bored!!!
"was reading about a billboard sing that some one put under god on cause it said one nation indiviisble, and i find it funny how people think they know the bible like the back of their hand even though you can tell they only know the stuff that someone else brought up in an argument b c they cant think for themselves  i  practically cry laughing cause they their like robots"
"is laying back, watching <propmale> fergurson, and drinking grape juice, then bed, then stuff, then subterranean players "
"is chillin, then church, then chillin again "
"went to church, then five guys, now home and chiilin"
"just got back from hollys, fun time, now chillin "
is chillin all day 
"is now chillin w  my cat, drinkin grape juice, and wacthing <propmale> ferguson "
chiilin
"is going out for a bit, then chillin "
"finaly back from picking raspberries, now time to chill "
"chillin, then subterranean players!!"
chillin and drinking cran-cherry(mmmmm cran-cherry) 
"had fun time at church, was picked to pray and i think i did good "
now only has 1 video game left to beat before sunday 
green team!!!
"is chillin, eating pizza and drinking dr pepper, and prob gonna play a game  mmmmmmmmm dr pepper!"
"there was an earthquake?!? neh slept through it  beating kingdom hearts 2, today then chillin "
well beat kingdom hearts 2 and kicked xemenas no-heart-semi-existing-in-the-realm-of-nothingness-nobody-organization 13-megalomaniac-tyrant-evil-number 1-of-the-organization-killing-anyone-in-his-way-and-wanting-mainly-riku-but-aslo-sora-as-his-servant-and-emotionless-not-listiening-to-ansem-the-wise
reality week!!! green team all the way!!!!!
"now back from reality week  didnt get pick up til about 3 smile 0 but thats ok i got bk  now tired, chillin "
chillin
"is sorry to say it but has spent about the last three hours cleaning, moving, and setting up a surround system up stairs and it can only surround dvds b c it dose not come w  the cords for the tv      so now chiilin "
chillin 
"has realized the more you chill, the faster you get bored     so bored & chillin "
got a haircut    much shorter  now chillin 
chillin 
@<propmale> gicking and @<propmale> murphy thank you for doing the argument practice b c when i came home i got in the house before my dad and acted like my dad was yelling at me the whole way home and my mom believed me and i almost got my dad yelled at before i stopped it  i thank both of you for making us do that argument game it was one of the funniest games ever!!! now chillin 
"worked out, gonna take a shower, then chillin "
"church was great, drama went great, going to eat lunch, then target "
is done working out and gonna chill after a shower 
"pumped b c i get to <propfemale> out w  <propfemale> lawson!!, then subterranean players!"
had fun w  <propfemale> lawson and subteranean metting was fun to  now chillin 
"happy left-handers day!!!!, and chillin "
doing nm all day just chillin 
"chillin  gotta be at church early, giving blood then uprising right after  its gonna be a fun day "
notihng to do    so bored        
"had a fun time serving w  <propfemale> bachman , christian badolato ,and <propfemale> <propfemale> smith at the horse rescue farm  almost had heat stroke     so that made my day  tired    prob going to bed early   "
"had a fun time today w  <propfemale> bachman , christian badolato, <propmale> hughey , <propfirst> lascuola, <propfemale> <propfemale> smith, <propmale> shaw, <propfemale> lawson , <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> scobee, <propfemale> patterson, and everyone who else was there(b c i am hitting a blank)   vampires suck is very funny  it was great movie to see w  christian friends  now chillin "
had a fun time hanging out w  friends  now chillin 
can't stop listening to ff5 love addict      hi i am <propfirst> horn        and i am addicted to the love 
got my i d and have to mow the lawn soon 
chillin
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not contagious they want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't \copy and paste this  could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it's special education week"
chillin here in <propfemale> and waiting to go to rehersal 
"the wedding was great, had great time as video guy, but i cannot stop thinking on how my \baby\""(skit for 9th graders) went today     so    someone tell me!!! lol"""
back from <propfemale> and now chillin 
going to church soon  and today is a sad say b c school starts tomorrow  sad     i say we go to our schools and burn them down!! down to the ground!
first day of school was boring  going to church soon 
chillin   then church  fun day!!
so    how many people are pumped for wed?!?!?!?! i know i am!!!
"auditioned for the fall play \exit the body\"" and i did great(atleast thats what the poeple who were watching said)  smile !!!!!"""
is pumped for monday b c i got a call back!  smile  but now chillin 
had call backs today    wont find out til wednesday    5 girls are going to get cut and 3 guys are going to get cut  sad  idk how i did    it was intense you could feel the pressure   but going to first monday night subterranean players meeting!!!! it will be awsome!!
school was good got a part in the play!!!! part i wont know til tomorrow  but prob verne a redneck sheriff so awsome  smile !!!!!!
"ok well school was good    im in the play, have the part of verne the red neck sheriff   fun fun!!!  smile  lol and now chillin "
so i asked my parents if i can serve and they said yeah   but then they said we want to go to 1 service when my dad doesnt do sound board and leave right after   which means i cant serve   which sucks unless i can get a ride home after 2nd service  so if anyone lives in westminster or close to me and can give me a ride home after church then hit me up ples!    chillin today  doing some stuff   
if anyone lives close to westminster high or passes <propfemale> wagner and can give me a ride home after 2nd service so i can serve hit me up   also going to fall fest so if you are reading this and thinking about going then go tonight between 6-10pm or sat 8am-12pm b c then i will be helping   and it will be better  smile  lol
yyeeeaaahhh!!!! thank you god for rain!!!!! and so much of it!!!!
"so     today i feel better   then what i did yesterday atleast i dont need a blanket to keep me warm     ok now i feel like covering myself w  my balnket again  why is it that when we have to do something we dont want to, but when we dont have to do it anymore we want to???     and now chillin w  my blanket    "
"chillin all day w  music, then homecoming "
"is being told by <propfemale> bachman  to change his status b c she dont like seeing the same one from last week so let me change it for what i will be doing tomorrow or today    chillin w  music, and chillin "
had a fun time at <propfemale>'s  rlly tired from the week and have to memorize fall play b c we go off book this monday   so fun fun   
happy halloween!!!!!!!
"<propfemale>!! <propfemale>!! <propfemale>!!! i hope we dont get any trick or treaters, or i might steal their <propfemale>!!! <propfemale> in the veins!!!!"
is super happy and hyped up b c he got to see the gf  smile   smile !!!!    rehearsal tomorrow at 9:45am  sad  but atleast i get to be w  fun kids 
had a fun night! and i got to <propfemale> out w  mi girlfriend  smile  that is a great friday night  smile 
the hunt was fun!!   the only bad thing is that tomorrow there is still school  sad 
exit the body opening night tomorrow at 7 surprise 0-7 smile 0 cost is 7 dollars come out and see it!!
"veterens!!!!!    going to opening night soon,come out and see it doors open 7 starts 7 smile 0 cost is 7 dollars at westminster high school "
totally rocked the opening night!!! it was great!! come out tomorrow or sat at 7 surprise 0 its over at 9 smile 0ish and its 7 dollars  believe me its worth it!!!
   have nothing to do tonight?? have 7 dollars?? looking to laugh?? or even want to do something better tonight?? then come to wesminster high to see exit the body   it will leave you satisfied  smile 
show went good  had fun  now chillin w  a diet dr pepper and an apple   come out tomorrow for the last exit the body showing  believe me if you need to laugh then you need come out and see it   its only 7 dollars and you will be glad you saw it  doors open at 7 starts at 7 smile 0 
"last night of exit the body at westminster high   come out and see it if you want to do something its worth it, its 7 dollars  doors open at 7 starts at 7 smile 0 and ends at 9 smile 0ish  you wont leave disappointed"
cast party was fun  play went good  only got very little sleep before going to church today  so tired 
"go on google and put in \limewire lol\"" its kinda funny """
is thankful for finding the last diet dr pepper hidden all the way in the back of the fridge  my night is complete 
ministry teams tonight!!! but no uprising wed!!! i knew i was right christian badolato !!!! so come to ministry teams!!!!
"just got back from allergy testing, the woman kept laughing at my faces when she poked me in the back, so glad its over  wait a <propfemale> i have to do it again next tuesday, oh sweet god in heaven "
happy thanksgiving!!! i am so thankful for everyone in my life 
"tomorrow is wear blue for all the kids who have killed themsevles b c of bullying, depression, etc  so wear blue and creep people out "
<propfirst> is mean to his mother!!!
"tomorrow is wear blue for all the kids who have killed themsevles b c of bullying, depression, etc  so wear blue and creep people "
"auditions went good  had to walk home, not that bad  please if you drive and you see someone walking towards you and you have your brights on please turn them off b c it makes the person walking rlly mad b c we can not see when you have your brights in our face, and when you turn them offf believe me you get a big thxs from the person "
found out my old geometry teach mr palmer died today in his sleep  he went for surgery and somehow became infected after they were done  he might of been a hard teacher but he was fair and a champ! he was a <propfemale>! and yet some people made jokes!    *sentence not acceptable to put on facebook*     atleast he's rockin out now 
snow! snow! yay! wait    you mean to be telling me we still dont have the blower ready yet? crrruuuuddddd!!!!!
"had a great night, got to <propfemale> out w  my geliebte  smile "
"half day? yes, went like a blur? yes, had a test?, yes, failed it? maybe, fell asleep when you got home? yes    all in all awsome day "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
today was        hmmmm         super-duper-awsome-majestic-magnificent-fun-to the <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!
"look back on 2010 i see where i made mistakes, misjuged, misunderstood and things fell apart, or i got hurt  or got into trouble but then i also see the good, great, and awsome things i did or that happened and i love how it turned out but all in all 2010 was an awsome year for many reasons and next year will be even better for many more reasons so bring it 2011!!!"
i wish red bull would would have the same effects as family guy red bull  that would be awsome!
we better be off tomorrow!!!!!
"my first night w  no eminem or weird <propmale> to listien to before i go to bed, i dont think i will make it a week, but then again i have buzz so i might be safe "
how do you make a friday night perfect you ask? by hanging out with the best girlfriend ever <propfemale> bachman  smile !!!!!!!
"sometimes i wish i could go back in time and change something just to see how much it would affect the present, and keep it that way if i like it better that way "
no uprising!!!!! ahhhhhh!!!!!! i hate snow     
i hate snow plows!!!!!!!!!!
"i really wish i could jump off my balcony and land in the snow safely and not get hurt, but i think it would of been smarter to do it last winter  hmmm what to do tomorrow??????"
"just found out that doc(the man that practicly saved my life when i was a kid b c i fell off stairs and hit my head straight onto concreate and he was there when i woke up, and helped me calm down) is really really sick   sad "
"got to hang-out w  the best girlfriend ever, <propfemale> bachman!!! that is the best way to end the week "
ahhhhh!!!!! i hate snow!!!!!! ice!!!!! sleet!!!!!! all of this!!!!!
ok so does everyone know that <propfirst> county only worked in 4 snow days?? so we owe 2    that is some bull to the <propmale>!
"kepts hearing and reading people say that i am watching the superbowl for the steelers to lose, or im just watching it to root for the packers, or something close to those two  but why dont we watch it for the same reason our fathers-father(or just father) watched it   for the commericals!!!!"
i can not wait until this week is over!!!
so i think i made the spring play   b c the acting i <propmale> gicking it    the dancing i did better the second time    the singing well the teacher said i was real good and i should join the chorus and told my drama teacher im a good singer b c she told me     so im kinda feelin it     
opening night tonight!!!! gonna rock it!!!!
just had a really good show!!!! tomorrow again!! then fake prom!!!!
2 night of the winter play westminster high school theatre presents: odds & evens: dating disasters!!!!! then fake prom!!!!
show was good!!! and fake prom was great!!!
hmmm     werid     show(and everything that goes w  it) and fake prom and im still not really that tired 
3rd and final night of westminster high school theatre presents: odds & evens: dating disasters!!!! come out and see it!!!! starts at 7 smile 0 cost is $6$!!
"last night show went really good!!!! cast party was crazy, went to church and gave blood and almost passed out, but it was fun and helped me realize something and now my arm hurts   well atleast i saved a life for this pain  smile "
"happy valetines day everyone! hope you each have someone specail to share it w , especially b c its a monday  but if you dont then remember you still have your friends "
"who did it? and if it was you, you know what i mean "
tonight is going to rock!  smile 
awsome night with the best girl ever!!  smile 
"\hey yo neighbors! boom!\""  smile """
"has a writing project that is due in 2 days, and my teacher still hasent graded or put notes on my rough draft    is he trying to make me be a procrastinator?!?! b c i already am one!"
"had a fun time at alg!!! other then not going lazer tagging   i made a avatar pizza(and im talking about the last airbender, not those blue people) and watched a war movie   pretty much like stoners   "
"last night was awsome!!!!! and now i have to write a book report  sad , but atleast i had a great night with <propfemale> bachman!!!  smile "
got a cell for my 17th birhtday!! message or comment me your #'s(i will delete the comment ones so you wont get random stuff from other people) and i will tell you mine or txt you just tell me which
spring is comin in full force
time to reherse dance yay!
i have to watch the simpsons for class man i love pop culture!
about to watch gamer
finally saw gamer the action was really good
baby <propfemale> and <propmale> goodnight  smile 
stayin home sick sad  so much pain
how do u have fun in target? by playing w a shake weight right behind someone while makin faces
realized god doesnt want me   yet    he is not ready 
you better watch out i have my learners(finally) and im not afraid to use it
great! you know spring is coming after you see a spider
why do i have to feel sick at the end of the week?
why do i have to feel sick at the end of the week?
i feel hungry but i dont want to eat 
