9f4ac066784cc346682827109d988871
hello 2010!!  hopefully this year will be as good or better than 2009 
i caved in and finally made a facebook 
just moved back in   enjoying the quiet solitude before my roomates come back 
one more week of classes!  i can't wait for this semester to be over!
why do i always procrastinate with papers?!
one paper down   three to go!
yay!  my assignments for this week are all done!!!!!
only 2 more classes this week!
"well since my roomates and their stupid friends refuse to let me sleep, i am up for the day!"
i love all the pretty snow flurries we're having here!
five finals and i am done for the semester!
finals: 2 down 3 to go
i am officially done with my first semester of college!!!! yay!!
wow  theatre fest was pretty fun and tiring to work at   i'm kind of glad it is over 
yay!  my internet finally works in my dormroom!
"wow, my refund check from my <propfemale> was over 2 thousand dollars!  its a great day to have checked the mail box!"
have the design sculpted into a rubber stamp 
oh my god!  i think one of my roomates is going to have about six of her friends sleep over tonight after they go get drunk   lovely 
"2:50am, watterson towers   what do i here? \may i have your attention please   there is a fire in the building \""  when do i get back to my room?  4:15am nothing like frozen hands and toes to start out my monday """
getting ready to go do 10 hours of paint crew   yay!  then 12 hours tomorrow 
i swear if my roomates don't let me get a full night sleep this weekend someone is going to die!
wooo!  snow is so pretty!
all three of my classes today only lasted for twenty or thirty minutes   what a great monday!
got an a+ on my social psychology exam!  yay!!
thanks practicum for making it practically impossible to audition for the freshman one acts!
"\success has a hundred fathers while failure is an orphan \""  it is so true """
i have auditions tomorrow and saturday at 11am   didn't start to freak out until now 
"well, apparently i am still not good enough to get into the acting <propmale> here   guess i'll just curl up in a dark hole and disappear "
paint crew is officially over   yay!!!
"dear isu fire alarms, you have once again forced me to stand in the freezing cold for two hours for no reason at all   hopefully this hasn't cost me the <propmale> to see <propmale> <propfirst> because then you might find out what a real fire is like    love, <propfemale> gardner"
loves hanging out with friends at steak n shake at 3 in the morning making friends with the waiter 
nothing like another pointless fire alarm to break the monotony of my afternoon 
thanks for all of the bday wishes 
note to self: don't take the stairs down while carrying a full laundry container   it leads to falling and bruises 
loves having my dorm room to myself!
italian filled up 1 freackin' day before i could register for it   great   i hate you icampus for giving me a crappy day to register!
yay!!!  i just happened to check when one seat of italian opened! it's now in my schedule!!!
"wow, it rained for about three minutes and the road by the dorm is already flooded  luckily i just sit in my room and laugh while people try to walk through it "
is angry that i can't go to the aha film festival tomorrow   i hope it goes well for everyone   i'm sure all your movies are great 
"wow, i didn't realize how much i used my computer until i couldn't for two days "
"hm, spilling apple juice all over my shirt on my way to my first class   great way to start the day "
"ugh, i still have some green makeup in my eyebrows and hair line   when will it go away!?"
just found out that my roomates's printer is broken   now i have to figure out how to print something at milner before my chemistry lab tomorrow 
"wow, it's weird to think that i will be home in three weeks "
yay!  i have a job interview for next year at watterson tomorrow 
one more week of classes!
one more week and i will be out of my dorm!!  yay!
abstract makeup design   guh!!  why is this so hard?!
secured a job for this summer and next school year   pretty good day 
is excited for mock prom tonight!!!
two finals on tuesday and i am done!!!!!
my finals are done and this time tomorrow i will be out of my dorm! yay!!
got an a on my chemistry final!
"no, heroes!!  crying "
i love the 70 degree weather we're having 
congratulations to all the 2010 graduates of ths!!  i wish i could have been there   sad 
is getting very frustrated with the postal service
no air conditioning at steak n shake for my 8 hour shift   can you say heatstroke?
never assume anything because you usually end up being wrong 
had a rock fly into my windshield at 55mph   now i have to replace it on friday 
ugh!!  this has definitely been one of the most frustrating summers of my life!
off to mattoon today to decide what i will be doing the next few years of my life
attention to all my friends from isu: i'm sorry to tell you that because i manage to screw myself over with financial aid i will not be returning to isu   i will miss you all   don't worry i will come and visit   thank you for the great year i had with you 
wonders if anyone else has road rage when pushing a cart through the aisles at wal-mart?
feels like a moron and should learn not to get prematurely excited about anything 
loves having people in my life who can make me laugh when i did not even feel like smiling  smile 
"got my books today, classes start monday   i wish i could feel excited about it "
tune in between 7 and 8 every monday and wednesday morning starting next week to hear me on 89 9 fm wlkl   i will be broadcasting live during that hour 
"have to wake up and leave at 6 tomorrow morning for my first day at the radio station   ugh, i miss sleeping "
made a little over $100 in tips today at work   yay waitressing!
"cheeseburger+cheesecake= weird, bad feeling in stomach "
is excited to visit isu on october 8th   i just wish i could stay longer than one day    sad 
i almost forgot how much i hate being sick
only one more class this week! and i will be at isu on friday!  this week should be good 
coming up to isu tomorrow!  i'll be in the bone student center between 9am and 2pm   hope i get to see a couple friends there 
"oh, isu you still have my heart   after visiting today, i miss you more than ever "
"should not have taken that nap before work, now i am bouncing off the walls "
history paper #2 down   now time for radio interview assignment 
times like this make me want to punch school in the face 
no classes tomorrow!  i'm excited!!
"comp paper, blech "
wishes that sleep was not needed so much
"class at 9 smile 0, i woke up at 10  oops"
"research papers, guh  i can't wait for this semester to be over "
"got an a on my comp paper, getting a 99% in the class   heck yeah!"
"no final tomorrow, yay!"
"first final today, can't wait to be done with math"
fall semester is over!!  looking forward to a few weeks out of school 
had first class today   i am already freaking out by the amount of work i'll have to do this semester 
"attention all my fb friends: this semester me and <propfemale> <propfemale> lawhorn will be on lake land's radio station 89 9 fm from 10am to noon every week   if you have a twitter account please follow us at @thejuicebox899 here you can tweet us a request, shout out, or give us a funny joke you heard and we will read it over the air, as long as it is appropriate "
"dear lake land, please close when it snows like this   i don't think i'm willing to practically kill myself driving to mattoon anymore   thank you "
rip mrs  volk  you will always be one of the best and most inspirational teachers i have ever known  my heart and prayers go out to your family  you will be missed 
"tree branch fell on the house last night, lost some power for a little over an hour  glad it was fixed so quickly "
no classes at lake land tomorrow!
"my class is cancelled tomorrow, but i still have to drive to mattoon anyway  awesome"
like me and <propfemale> <propfemale> lawhorn's group party hard hour and request a song for us to play on 89 9 the <propmale> alternative   do it now!!!  we are on air now until noon   listen live from anywhere on the station website  do it now!!
love this weather right now   being able to drive 30 minutes with the window down is amazing 
just confirmed a business for sales project!! heck yeah!!
i think i might have broken my pinky toe tonight   stupid walls!
is about to throw my laptop at the wall 
woke up at 8:15 class starts at 8:40 and i live half an hour away   only 20 minutes late   great way to start the week 
no writing class today!! yay!!!
thanks for all the bday wishes   i had a good day   now to study to be a certified rmp 
passed my rmp certification with 94% booyah!
"ugh, so sick!  can barely function   i hate being sick!"
i karate chopped a fireman in my car because i am sexy and i do what i want!
resume done and ready for the job fair tomorrow  bring it on!
sales class why you make me so busy?
i am excited to be coming up to normal and isu this weekend!  i hope to see some of my friends up there 
me and <propfemale> are on the air for the party hours until noon   tune in to 89 9 the <propmale> alternative wlkl lake land college to hear us or go to our website at 899the max com to listen live from anywhere in the world 
just bought my tickets for rock n roll tomorrow!!  so excited to go back at isu for one night!
