9b4b33ec81f50616732bbd631fb4f2ad
   here you are down on your knees again   
"who effin knows  it's supposed to freeze over too  so we may  we're going to end up not having a spring break if it keeps it up  which will suck   supposedly in the month of feb  we are supposed to get 5 big snows   and we've gotten 2 plus what it did last night, which wasn't much except freezing really  so  we may be getting some more "
needs a roomate in <propfirst>!!
"here you are down on your knees again, trying to find air to breathe again  only surrender will help you now  i love you, please see and believe again "
"suck my clip, swollow my bullets, and don't you spit  eeeeegggghhhhh "
"suck my clip, swollow my bullets, and don't you spit  eeeeegggghhhh  party a la casa de darian friday  smile "
i'm busy fuckin' the world and giving the universe my damn tongue 
music suggestions anyone?
"frosted like the frostin' on flakes, we call it ice cream "
"so let's say, we've done this all before  cause' i know you play your games, and i run the same "
"i wanted to be that breath of fresh air, when everything smelled so insincere but this taste still lingers in my mouth, deceit has ways of sticking around  and i'm ready to disappear, vacation seems far, seems far from here "
party a la casa de darian 
"if i could take you somewhere, i'd take you to the darkest place  scatter you in <propmale> forms, admire the whore beauty in different ways  your hands on picture frames, your eyes in the glass, wear your face as a mask"
"hold on, excuse me ma'am, what come on my sausage biscuit?"
ooo yay! wet seats in the iroc  just lovely 
<propfemale> is the masta  masta beta 
"wake, wake, wake her from this sea of white linens and extract the drugs from her dreams, and sew her seams with delicateness 'cause beneath her chest sits the heart that i live for, you'd kill for, the angels would die for "
lovely friday
3 dogs and 3 cats   what have i gotten myself into??
eclipse tonight    yyyyaaaayyyy!!!
your mom is economy size 
going to a party all alone  i'm terrified  people are scary 
how about the new season of true blood? ccccrrrraaazzzzyyy
"and it's all in how you mix the two, and it starts just where the light exists  it's a feeling that you cannot miss and it burns a hole through everyone that feels it "
"i'm an ocean in your bedroom, make you feel warm, make you wanna re-assume, now we know it all for sure "
15 days 
13 days 
12 days 
7 days 
3 days 
finally 18
can't believe i'm sitting at the house on my 18th birthday 
dscc is about to get my foot up their ass!!
i need another job  bbaadd 
i love how people get the tattoos i wanted!!
it is entirely too hot 
some people just make me sick 
"here i am trying to live, or rather, i am trying to teach the death in me how to live "
bout to get tatted up!!
<propfemale> <propfemale>!! yyeeeaaahhh!!
"well baby, to a hammer everything looks like a nail "
has the coolest boss ever  he is pretty much the shit!!
loves how my boss likes to put statuses on my effin facebook!!!
got <propfemale> tickets!!
"every day i see my dream, i see my dream son "
this lust to my <propfirst> almost feels like a gun 
<propfirst> or no <propfirst>?
"those pretty girls can play their games, but they're damn well going to know my name "
classes tomorrow  ugghhh so nervous 
you know you're redneck when you do the cotton eye <propfirst> in the club!
homework and hypocrites  woo 
i hate college 
"being faced with what i'm faced with i feel like i can't rock  like a rock hit my heart, started to chain the day, and e playful loded into pieces "
"and no i'm not afraid, at least not to die  i'm afraid to live and not remember why "
"<propfemale> lambert, you are only a few hours away!"
so what's this boring friday got in store for me tonight?
bonfire tonight at la casa de darian for ambers cumpleanos 
"<propfemale> is a crazy bitch my friend, and i hope she visits your ass real soon "
you're gonna need a bodybag i'll break bones you didn't know you had  when i'm done there will be nothing left of you for your friends to hold on to when they find you cold and blue tonight face down in a parking lot  next time around think about what you say before you run your mouth cause you're all alone and you're nothing without your friends now  you can tell the pavement what you really said but i already know 
"i love my brother so much (<propfirst> <propfirst>) hes the coolest guy youll ever meet, this isnt him"
do you ever feel me?
is so sick of assholes!!!
i hate that i care so much 
english homework   psychology homework   philosophy homework   history homework   speech midterm   does it ever end?
anyone have any motivation they can donate?
"\everything is water\""-thales"""
is soooo sick of doing papers and speeches 
visual aid speech on regerative medicine   psychology paper on meth   english paper on  something   philosophy paper on ontological paradoxes  anyone got any suggestions?
i need powerpoint!!!
what is the point in having teachers when they won't e-mail you back or answer any of your questions  i think i would be better off teaching myself 
"smexy-another word for sexy  but better  a mixture between sexy and smelly , if someones smelly but you would like to f*** them they are smexy  \\ ew   whats that fishy smell?\"" \",9b4b33ec81f50616732bbd631fb4f2ad,woo for friday!
is anyone doing anything tonight? gee 
i was born on 7 31 and i live in the 731 area code 
anyone know anyone who has any <propmale> sheperd puppie?
anyway know anyone who has any <propmale> sheperd puppies?
"poppin bottles in the ice like a blizzard, when we drink we do it right, gettin slizzard "
some teachers are just assholes 
"poppin' bottles in the ice, like a blizzard, when we drink we do it right, gettin' slizzard "
woo  100 on the philosophy final  let's just hope my other 5 finals go as good!
"making potato soup and writing a research paper, all at the same time  woo for multi-tasking "
"fml! i just got an e-mail from my online teacher saying sorry mr, harper   i'm not too sure what to think of that  "
"woo  100 on the philosophy final, 100 on the speech final, let's cross our fingers for the other 4 "
ugh  i wish i could have an essay written at the snap of my fingers  i'm ready to go to <propfirst> to see my besties 
christmas shopping  fun fun 
eff this hole in my shirt  no matter which way i sew it  it just gets bigger 
i feel like shooting myself in the face 
"why are some girls so naive? he didn't unbutton your blouse to see a better view of your heart  oh yeah, can't blame you for trying "
"her mind's made up, the love is gone  i think someone's trying to show us a sign, that even if we thought it would last   the moment would pass "
homework date with the boyfriend   smile 
uughhh  fml  my phone just decided to not work anymore 
tattoo suggestions?
i hate being completely awake so late  boring 
woo for fridays and tattoos 
cross your fingers i can activate this phone!
i have to find the movie hotel rwanda 
hhhooommmeeewwoooorrrkkkk!!!!
"they say i look yummy and they want a taste, but i'm a human, not a sandwhich  haha"
<propfirst>!!
i don't sympathize cause' you're a simple bitch 
man it's thursday  bww sounds amazing!
"in my space shuttle and i'm not coming down, i'm a stereo and she's just so monotone, sometimes it's just me and my bottles all alone, i aint coming back this time "
"everyone thinks that i have it all, but it's so empty living behind these castle walls, these castle walls  if i should tumble, if i should fall, would anyone hear me screaming behind these castle walls, there's no one here at all, these castle walls "
ready to have a great night with <propfemale> <propfirst> hart and <propfemale> argo!!
i want a <propmale> sheperd puppy 
wooooooo friday!
so   i thought spring break was a break? please tell me jscc teachers why i have work in 3 of my classes!?
i wanan get out of this derned house 
is ready to see all my wonderful friends in <propfirst>!
