21089e33cb7cc8603e738db28ee349a2
"fire it up! fire it up! we pushed off, we're rolling boulders  crashing down the mirrored stairways  two of life's best mine canaries"
it's not enough  i need more  nothing seems to satisfy  i dont want it  i just need it 
need to feeeeeeed!!!
"out, txt me"
clean shave baby
ceterum censeo carthaginem esse delendam
is it weird that i have contacts who i've classified as do not answer?
"i think you need a shotgun blast, a kick in the ass"
"taking out the big guns for the 4th, txt me"
gonna make this a night to remember
how sad it is when people buy tickets to a funeral and what a sad it is for a man whose body is paraded around for the entertainment of the peoples   what a sad sad world
"good food, good company, & good storys is all i need"
running through a lightning storm=very very very very bad idea and the tree on my lawn split in half  dont ask questions
"there was a time when my world was filled with darkness, then i stopped dreaming, now i'm supposed to fill it up with something  there is a hole and i tried to fill it up with money, but it gets bigger  to your hopes, it's always running  i'm still trying"
"you're a joke, completely a waste of time  if you were dead or still alive i dont care"
"raffting down the deleware tomorrow at bout 9, u wanna go better let me know asap"
"i find it kind of funny  i find it kind of sad  the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had  i find it hard to tell  i find it hard to take  when people run in circles its a very, very mad world"
i'll <propfirst> murphy slap the taste outta your mouth
i'm hungry
3 weeks then i'm gone  hit me up
needs a brake from the ordinary
"a lush and fertile planet; the earth at a time when the dinosaurs roamed  a peice of rock just 6 <propmale> wide changed all that  it hit with the force of 10,000 nuclear weapons  a trillion tons of dirt and rock hurttled into the atmosphere creating a suffoca"
who throws cupcakes?
less then a week  hit me up if you want to <propfemale> out before then
embrace the impossible with a <propmale> purpose while walking a righteous path and only then if you are truely worthy will you be rewarded
n surprise ne is asking anyone to forget but we have to look to the future
dangerous <propmale> is back!!!
life without risk is no life at all
did we regret? would we forget? winters have come and gone   
lonely are the brave
"quitters never win and winners never quit, but those who never win and never quit are idiots"
"well i'm home now   hit me up tomorrow, up for 33 hrs, i'm beat"
relaxin hit me up
"if your father is a poor man, it is your fate but, if your father-in-law is a poor man , it's your stupidity"
there's a fine line between genius and insanity  i have erased this line 
i hate facebook b c it wont let me upload over 200 pics   so wat i have 467 pics
why do we thrill at destruction and yawn at creation?
i wish that i knew what i know now when i was younger  i wish that i knew what i know now when i was stronger   
what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object?
needs a new car battery & possibly a new altinator
people look for complicated answers when something terrible happens  maybe we were caught by surprise  n surprise ne is asking anyone to forget but we have to look to the future   
"you say you have money, you better be sure  'cause these hard times will drive you from door to door"
just won 2 tickets for a cruiz in the bahamas  no joke
"don't blame us if we ever doubt ya you know we couldn't live without ya <propfemale>, you are the only only only"
redownloading my entire library
if you stop being the victim you might be able to better your life on your own
false promises of the flesh
"food shopping and then nothing, hit me up"
esse quam videri
txt me
ah made a big mistake
if u want to remember my bday its march 15th  dont send me that calander thing
"got lost for 3 hours, looked for 3 diffrent roads with the same name,hit a deer, & messed up my arm, just to go backwards up a hill   "
needs help with this philosophy exam
bring back those good old days  nothing feels right  nothing ever goes my way
just got home from work   madd tired  text me
"if we wanted to, say we wanted to, if we wanted to save the world  where could we start? how could we start?"
"<propfemale> <propfemale> hakusho, bringin bak the old days"
the early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese
"quitters never win and winners never quit, but those who never win and never quit are just idiots"
real life aint like the movies  life is just a bunch of storys you go through and they all end sooner or later 
"take it all in stride, atleast you know you tried"
"take your time, dont live too fast  troubles will come and they will pass  forget your lust for <propmale> man's gold  all that you need now is in your soul "
"finding little stick figures in odd places? someone making a lot of noise at night, moving your stuff around, generally being a pain in the ass? if this is happening in your home, you probably just have children, and a straightforward beating will suffice "
i'm gettin too old for this stuff
the days get shorter and the nights get cold  i like the autumn but this place is getting old  i pack up my belongings and i head for the coast  it might not be a lot but i feel like i'm making the most 
"i remember a time when we were not at endless war, when every day was not a struggle to exist in the face of terror and despair, when our families were safe at home , our children safe in bed  i remember   "
just can't get a break
"cogito, ergo sum"
well buckshot is my bread and i'll drink whisky instead of water cause i can't stand to be sober in this place
madd tired
90 days of sweat and dirt feel like 1 night when you've got nothign left
wouldn't that be sweet if you got mugged and you had a sword? i'm takin this shit back to the 12th century
"bout time we get some snow, i love the cold"
warum gerade ich? welches tat ich sich etwas zuschulden kommen lassen?
"gonna break it, gonna wreck it, gonna try to make it all make sense   "
"well the point was fast but it was too blunt to miss life handed us a paycheck, we said \we worked harder than this!\"""""
"stop sending me stupid messages! i don't care about your stupid causes, stupid groups, and stupid invitations to a window licker's convention"
i'm gettin too old
1 more day
"finally done!!! maddd parties, hit me up"
"well we moved to the left and we moved to the right and sure as hell we stayed out almost every single night but if the partys' over, if the fun has to end could you do this my friend would you just please bury me with it"
die hard!
"cheers to those who wish us well, all the rest can go to hell"
12 highlanders and a bagpipe make a rebellion
my life has passed me by and i don't know why  i keep searching for something that i never found while these weeds get deeper as i turn around and time growns older and i've grown colder  so long has passed that i forgot to count
"wer wartet mit besonnenheit  der wird belohnt zur rechten zeit  nun, das warten hat ein ende  leiht euer ohr einer legende"
new years party in bethlehem <propfemale>  who wants to join?
i need a haircut
"headin down the florida, hit me up, gonna be a boring & long ride"
60 degrees and <propfemale>
"i hate people, i really do"
"wer wartet mit besonnenheit, der wird belohnt zur rechten zeit  nun das warten hat ein ende,leiht euer ohr einer legende "
loving this weather
full <propfemale> at night = my delight
khaaaaaan!!!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
am i good or what baby?
"the universe is shaped exactly like the earth, if you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were"
beauty is wasted on the stupid
work midnight-3 smile 0 am wooohooo!!!
the good times are killin me
its every other day   
get on with it can't you see it's time to quit
rego homo hominis et planto mundi pareo
"thanks for the birthday wishes, if your old enough i'm hittin up up the <propfemale> branch in new brunswick, your welcome to tag along  hit me up if you are"
thanks for the bday wishes
the measure of a man is what he does with power
"2 steps foward, 3 steps back  without warning, heart attack  he fell asleep in the snow, never woke up, died alone  i dont wanna be, i dont wanna be me, i dont wanna be me anymore"
"i'm still trying to make my mind up, am i free or am i tied up? i change shapes just to hide in this place, but i'm still, i'm still an animal"
we see the world through shattered eyes and in the end you'll find theres never enough time
ich habe hunger
"now if your feeling bold, don't say that you've not been told, she'll knock the <propfirst> off your tower"
"i am not the kind of man to run away  i will stand fact to face, toe to toe with anyone, yes anyone"
its me against my dogs
its pandorum!!!
<propfirst> hood suckeddddd
"i seen three men hangin' from a sycamore,their bodies were stiff as a two by four, and their heads were tilted down towards the ground, and it ain't been long since they been up there that their bodies turned cold hangin' in that air, and they might have froze before that noose got to them"
"when its over turn down the lights, don't wait for me  i'm pretty sure i wont be comin home tonight"
who throws cupcakes?
found out what dreams really are!!!
"i hate broken bones, get blood everywhere"
you will know me by the scars i bare
gs4l
i miss hawaii
i am a soldier of rome  i will not yield 
"if one can not control the violence of the beast, let it run free, kill or be killed   the beast will have it's day"
"there are reasons each of us are born, we have to find those reasons"
"look what you've done to yourself, yeah you've lost the will to do what's right again"
i hate nurse practitioners
<propfemale> nienawidzi? <propmale>
why am i so cursed?
quam operor ego teneo totus <propfemale> populus?
ego sum non a vir
"ego sum permaneo of mei genus, totus somes quondam validus populus"
shark week!!!
i guess the good times they were all just killing me
don't be affraid of the dark
"well the point was fast but it was too blunt to miss  life handed us a paycheck, we said \we worked harder than this!\"""""
finally home!
"i hate when people say \we\"" but only mean you"""
"i get satisfaction everywhere i go, where i lay my head that's where i call home  doctor or lawyer i'll never be  life of a drifter,the only life for me "
"the weak are meat, the strong eat"
2012: best destruction of the world i've seen yet
"even as i left florida far enough, far enough wasn't far enough, text it"
"you keep on singin the same song, let bygones be bygones, you can go on and get the hell on"
"we drank up all the whiskey and we partied every night, like we could be the last the bounty they said to shoot on sight"
throw me a bone ye men of great
"you know the thing about a shark's eye chief? hes got lifeless eyes, black eyes like a doll's eyes  when he comes at ya he doesn't seem living   until he bites ya & those black eyes role over white  i'll never put on a life jacket again  1100 men went into the water   316 came outta the water, the sharks took the rest   "
"if you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you "
"bottomless breadsticks only keep you at the <propfemale> garden for so long before you look up and ask yourself \why am i here with all these fat people?\"""""
"deep wells must be dug if you want clear water, so it was & so it will always be"
never forget
plastic beach = awesome!!!
i hate my brain!!!
"10,000 bc sucked somethin aweful"
i don't wanna be like james   james is sad
well his heart ain't made of nothin but piss and vinegar and his boots have trampled more than you would know and his breath has split open the thermometer on the sill  like slivers of lead inside your food he's the poison inside you and you eat until you're full and you eat until youre full   
since when does sex come in a happy meal? no you can't have it your way
"i 1 paragraph <propfirst> beck tied one of the most positive words in the english language to hitler's genocide  its 6 degrees of <propfirst> bacon, except theres just 1 degree & <propfirst> bacon is hitler"
"put this in your status n see what people rate you\1 = crazy , 2 =i'd marry you , 3 = talkative 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = i'd kiss you, 7 = moody , 8 = smart , 9 = energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11 =random, 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough ,17 = cute, 18 = beautiful , 19 = freak , 20 = i love you , 21 =i'd do you, 22= awesome, 23= loyal"
"one day the water's gunna wash it away, one day the water's gunna wash it away\and on that day   "
i miss a hot fire on a cold night in the pines
everyone's asking for help these days      don't do read things you can't manage grasp
lol bwahahahahahahaha
i'm punching someone in the head tomorrow
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=k1-travp_xs
"i just don't know if i can jump back in again, i just don't know if i can do this all again   "
get busy livin or get busy diein
paranormal activity 2 was an awesome movie
i pitty the foo who be tellin them lies!!!
whats your name? whats your number?
the only reason for time to exist is so that everything doesn't happen at the same time
pissed offness
caesars do not yield   we conquer!!!
"if someone knew the burdens and endless paperwork of running a empire, one wouldn’t pick up a crown if he found it lying on the street"
just can't take it anymore
do not poop where you eat   thats why there are no restaurants called the bathroom
they put kratos in new mortal kombat!!!! can't wait to play it
alea iacta est
what happened to the bar tender? guy sees an empty glass and all of a sudden hes judge crater
there are many things of wich a wise man would wish to be ignorant
the 80s almost killed me let's not recall them quite so fondly  some kennedy oded while we watched on mtv  in the 90s we were wired and well connected  put it all down on technology and lost everything we invested 
its like a taco inside a taco within a taco <propfemale> thats inside a kfc within a mall thats in your dream!
piscataway doesn't believe in plowing
"in my life, i have seen people walk into the sea just to find memories, plagued by constant misery   "
i'm still a pisces!!!
gettin too old too fast
not feelin so good about things
gettin a new dog possibly soonish   maybe
so no taquito   
here comes global warming!!! we   we didn't listen!!!
"son cover your ears, lord how the blast will ring and when that rumbling shakes the walls you can hear that devil sing"
"never look back, never look back   the past is a wilderness of horrors"
warum gerade ich!?!
i want to retire in portland next year
the dream of the 90s is alive in portland!!!
why does everyone keep stalking my <propfemale>!?!
you can't just choke all your problems away!!!
"you're on thin ice here    but do you get off the ice? hell no, you jump and down like a lunatic having a conniption fit"
epicly phenominal awesomeness!!!
jurassic park time baby!!!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!!
the u s  needs to stop liberating countries   at least make them a state or something!!!
i came upon a shanty town full of bitter men  where carved into a crude wood sign it read 'welcome to the end'  for a dollar you could buy a girl of every possible design but you couldn't find one decent man or a word spoken kind  whiskey was for supper a man couldn't ask for better!
"back in jersey, sooooo good bein home   people outside of this state should deff not drive   they're all inbreds"
