d6d273e9e520e1ac687ba671ddc44b79
going boating!
is home 
is bored now 
has finally gotten her new laptop!!!
is no longer sick    and has soup belly!
i have swine flu    this sucks!
"outside my window there is currently something or someone making circus noises, and a car alarm and police sirens are going off  my nyquil is starting to kick in so it feels like that whacked out scene in dumbo    this is all after two and a half hours at the dmv earlier "
we just had a fire drill in the dorm  guess who was the lucky person in the shower was?
i hate having to fast prior to blood tests  especially when the appointment isn't until 1 smile 0 
"my house got hit by lightening- again  when i was home alone- again  this time though it didn't short out the tvs, computers, and radios  this time the lightening took out the air-conditioning  in the summer  in florida!!!"
"finally used my web-cam thing-a-ma-bob, check out the new pic of <propfirst>, age 19  who had someone ask if she was 15 today  i'm gonna end up being carded when i 30 aren't i?"
i'm currently trying not to squeal like a 13 year old girl meeting <propmale> bloom 
i miss my friends who are currently all around the world! especially those who are really far away right now!
"everyone, comment and say what city and country your in!"
"the ucf math and physics building was just evacuated for 25 minutes, searched by cops for 5 minutes, and cleared  guess i have calculus after all   "
remember   
root beer floats are made of win!
"i think my upstairs neighbors are currently practicing for river dance  that or they listen to weirder music then i do (and i listen to traditional <propfemale> folk music, circa pre-1750, on occasion) when they're throwing a party   "
final exams are over!!!
home for the holidays! hooray!
"good news everyone, my ankle is not broken! just badly sprained! for full details (aka me b*tching about it) read my note, \why is it always me?\"" hope everyone else's new year is going better than mine so far!"""
"good news! with the new ankle brace i can now take a few steps, so no longer am i hoppy-girl, now i am hobble-girl!!!"
