aec8f8d5b9f9c74965b99cd3ce7bbd6f
i love my sisters! go greek!
second day of the fourth visit to the hospital with my mom  annoyed 
has done absolutely nothing all weekend except read a book assigned at the beginning of the semester   
i hate presentations!
loved the <propfirst> centennial dinner! congratulations guys!
always waits 'til the last minute to go christmas shopping!
 playful  i have work in an hour and a half    fml
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
6 days til i'm 21!!! yay!
i love all my agd sisters! thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  probably doing something this whole weekend!
<propfirst> fiasco and b o b were amazing!
oh how i regret checking my grades this morning   
just got a tan! i'm trying to get summer ready for hawaii!
is on her way to hawaii! finally!
i hate sunburns    but i love hawaii! sucks that i got one my first day on the beach 
"my bartender said he'd do <propmale> if he wasn't so delicate, he said he likes to be the girl    i love hawaii!"
"bff: do you like cake? \me: i love cake    and brownies too!!!\bff: no fool the band!"
girls night at lavo!
here's a ten now shut the fuck up!
is right with <propfirst>!
omg! i was literally an inch from getting destroyed by a bitch in an suv because she didn't look and she still tried to talk shit  fuck! i was scared!
"its like i had the chippendales in my room, i knew what i wanted to do but i didn't know where to start  -<propfemale>"
man is the only being who knows he is alone 
needs a change   
"starbucks, i give up on you  damn you for running out of bagels, and then damn you for getting bagels and running out of cream cheese!"
they should have tranquilizer guns on airplanes for children who decide they wanna cry like they got the shit beat out of them the entire flight 
i just waited an hour to get my hair cut fixed from thursday    i came home and realized i don't have my house key! fml nobody's home!
"don't go to <propmale>'s, refuse to wear the hat, then wonder why you're getting a lap dance from a half naked overweight man named taco "
why does god always take the best people in our lives?
hey everybody we're probably extending the car wash until 8 or 9 pm so if you can't make it til then that's fine we'll be here 
"thank you so much to everyone that came out and supported our cause, we really appreciated it  my family will be out there again tomorrow so come get your car washed, same place "
rho gam retreat!!!
is having a sleepless night    too much on my mind
tried sleeping with my retainer last night after after years of not wearing    ouch  sad 
getting my hair done    kinda impatient 
hard day today    in the end the people that matter were there for me  funny how there's some people you think will be there for you no matter what and they let you down  sad 
my teacher says confusion spurs learning because we must decipher what he teaches  well the problem is deciphering what he's trying to say through his accent not what he's trying to teach 
tailgate! whooo! enough said 
random radio listener: you burn only burn 200 calories during an hour of sex  host: how do you know this? random guy: googled it 
worst line: so how old are you?   21? oh i'm 27  at least i'm not old enough to be your daddy  i was only 6 when you were born  (awkward silence)
stoney's wooh!!!
maybe they didn't forget you  maybe they just never cared 
"well i guess it would be nice, if i could touch your body  i know not everybody has a body like you   "
finally done with day one of recruitment! all i want to do now is sleep 
so proud i'm an <propfemale> gam!
can't wait for the tailgate tomorrow!
"i dig my toes into the sand  the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds, strewn across a blue blanket  i <propfemale> against the wind, pretend that i am weightless and in this moment i am happy, happy   "
i like it on the floor of my room 
how'd it get so cold all of a sudden? i need to unpack my sweaters already 
i'm on a bus!   it's not a boat 
crush was pretty amazing    like always  i love my sisters 
drake + weezy! + bird man + <propmale> = awesome good times last night!
being alone on christmas is gonna blow!
have to leave for work in 20 minutes! ugh i just wanna stay home 
ahhhh! finals! i don't wanna study    ugh!
"oh mexico, i can't wait!"
never fly continental airlines ever!
"oh <propmale>, what do you have in store as you hold me here against my will?"
