22863be4e6b97cdafa32415e8c9d8238
"tonight was, sister love , mission to reddlands, ppl, it was weeeeddddtastic, to mission two crestline, homies, weeeeeeeeeeeedtasticccccc times two, almost got into an accident, but i whippedd my bitch and not a scratch(; i drive too fast haha  good new years weekend love "
new to this?
it always comes back to you  it always comes back to me  i love you 
"love is evil, spell it backwards "
"i love you, and that's all that matters  i'm sorry   "
"if you deny your heart, your denying life, and without life    there is no you    denying yourself will just lead to unhappiness "
"baby we should sleep on it tonight, and give our hearts just one more <propmale> to change our minds "
your happiness is conflicting with mine  it won't work like this for much longer 
"what you say, it don't hurt me    no more  bitch, you get no love  haha( smile "
"what you say, it don't hurt me    no more  bitch, you get no love  haha( smile  single fursure love ((( smile "
our hearts changed our minds  love 
i really dont like anyone right 
i really dont like anyone right now 
"bitch, bitch, bitch  that's all you ever do!"
"&frankly, i can post whatever the fuck i want on the internet  period "
"omg, thank god for church love  it really lifted me today, i really needed that "
i feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders love ( smile 
"hello boys, hello girls love  i've had my inner beast in hiding for 7 long months(;"
"&you men wonder why we don't trust you, why we don't give you our hearts  ha, when you call my name out at night    remember i an't coming "
"long night, good night  love "
new photos love ( smile 
life is one big interesting puzzle  i love it  love 
"wow, life is so complicated  but it's funny how simple love is    love just wants what it loves "
what is the point?
crazy love 
every guy needs a muse love 
it's october already?!?! time went by <propfemale> fast 
i'm so tierd of idiots 
"wtf does \hmu\"" mean?"""
new addiction: poker  (&my gambling diease just gets stronger )
"last night showed me who really cares, and who really needs to stay out of my life "
lmao 
"today love 3    i'ma \nascar that bitch\"" haha!"""
((( smile  &wtf?!?! lmao all night!  love 
relieved love ( smile  everyday gets easier and better than the last 
"fuck what you heard, the world is [mine ]"
finally friday!! love ( smile 
intense!  love  good friday ( smile 
saturday love  whoot whoot! mmmmmm( smile 
your a fucking creep  stay the fuck away from me 
"wow, i never would have thought you'd be such a creep "
look for me on facebook love  &&i love lazy sundays( smile 
me + morongo = poker allllllllll niggghhttt love 3 latteee!
"ha  <propfirst>, you need to get over yourself, immediately  lmao "
no shame in my game love  f' itt 
interview tm!  love  wish me luck?
"dang, i hope i get the job! i did pretty good at my interview today love  pray for me please! love "
thank god i went to church tonight! man it really helped me get my head on straight again love  everything is amazing( smile 
too much bullshit 
"heck yes! i got a new phone, texting picturee, and internet love  hmu! for the digits( smile "
another interview tm( smile 
"its official, i'm the dumbest woman a live hahaha  fml  but i guess i'm also the happiest "
haaaa  you'll regret it 
"lmao all dayy all dayy  haaaaaaa  funny how you can cry over me one second, then i catch you for cheating on me, and then you cry some more, then you act hard like you don't care? ha  yall an't foolin me that's fursure  lmao  funny tricks  he was mine for the past 7 months, and mines when you kissed him  and mines tonight  haha  but i just through him to the curbb  fuck itt love "
"ha, last night made me wana turn into sammi when she got down n crazy with jwow  haha  but f' that  no one is worth that haha  i'm over it  work tm love 3( smile "
"saturdayyy, tryin to get a lot done tonight, hit me up!"
ha  love ittt
"just got home, i'm alive!"
whoooo wants to play pokerr?
"and basically, i don't give a fuckk "
"\i've been through a lot\"" is over used  why don't yall just stop going through shit like your some x-man?"""
"\halloween\"" is just another excuse alcholics use """
"fuck grimey people, period "
"best way to e playful lain me: i'm a warrior  period  matter of fact, i'm the amazon <propfemale>, bitch "
"i just wana meet my soulmate, get hitched, and have little warrior babies "
"haha, i hate people that one minute talk shit about people behind their back like they can defeat them, and the next kissing their ass  funny as fuck "
"i'd lay down anything for you  true shit, you make me forget about everyone else, they an't got nothing on you "
"i'm lesbian for the night  if you see me at the clubb tonight, hitt meee upp  late love "
"i love how weak bitches cry for attention on the dance floor with weaaak sexuality  i command attention with the <propmale> of dance, i battle the boys, i go hard  become a warrior, or get over it like a bitch "
ha just got home    crazy saturday 
i made it another day  thank god love  
"i love how sexist the halloween costume desiners are  halloween is just another form of male dominiance, and their egos  females: don't fall for the bullshit  let's take the \weener\"" out of \""hallo weener \"" hello weiners? use your brain more than your boobies ladies( smile """
thank you lord love  you really saved my ass today 
"i don't talk shit, i talk real shit "
i know who i'm getting fired soon( smile  haaaa!
"thats what i thought, baby back bitch "
"i've never said this on the internet but, i love my car love  <propmale> taco @ 2:13 am  besties only( smile  gnight!"
"always calm, if you an't calm, its cuz you an't winning "
regulator out! hahaha 
"haha, nosey bitch had to go and read everything i wrote to someone else, and then talk shit to that person about me  via internet  wow  when it had nothing to do with them  now isn't that drama? grow the fuck up  lmao "
"i wish facebook had a button called, \punch \"" for all them scarred bitches who avoid and run in real life  ( smile  let em think they some types of hard  haaa """
<propfirst> smith; r i p  that just broke my heart          heart-broken 
tonight was bomb  i got dowwn  dj played for me love goodnight( smile 
i'm grateful to even be living this rollercoaster called life 
"ewww, you make me sick  you make me wana throw up  nasty "
narcotics anonymous 
"fuck grimey drama filled fake bitches haha  \alll dayy alll daayy \"" haha """
<propfirst> brown love  <propfemale> boxer love  <propfemale> karris love  prop 19 sad   heart-broken 
fuck you  i'm not the sucicide bomber anymore and you never were the promised land 
"yeah bitch nigguh, i am irreplacable  thats the only fact you ever got straight  haha  keep beggin, but it an't working( smile  single freedom feels sooo good love  not gonnah give it up for [no] bitch "
finally friday! love 
wow  haha smile 
haha fun night love  i realized the funniest stuff tonight  loved it haha 
besties bday tm!  love 
"i think its funny when you get someones number, talk to them for like a lil bit for various reasons, and then never talk to them again  so now you look thru your contacts, and your like    who the fuck is \ash from temecula\"" ?"""
"sorry boys, i'm looking for a higher pick of the litter "
"so i burnt my finger, its really annoying    reminds me of you "
"ha, chump you think you can step up to the professional? psh, please  watch how quick you get put in your spot  haha  i love na love "
"love should only affect your heart, not your life  real shit "
fuck myspace 
why the fuck is lake elsinore so far  haha 
"i need a bestfriend that can keep up with me  so if you like to club, party, rave, smoke, and most importantly dance, then hit me up  i'm looking for a role girl  a girl i'll always take with meeee( smile  on the weekends! chill guys may apply too "
"slow shuffleing goes lame  i think if you can't handle going faster and moving more, then your just lazy haha  with lame talent  dance, furreal  don't limit your body to just one style of dance, create your own style  furreal "
"so far, i know of 3 parties outside sb, and a club  who's down to rep 909 tonight?"
first day on the new job  tierd  haha 
smoking with <propfirst> tonight love  perfect way to end todayy( smile 
"haha, tonight i got my dog high by coming home from a sesh and then constricting the the left over smoke outtah my lungs for my dog to hit it  twice  she loved it  now shes bloodshot red eyed high haha  poor dawgy annoyed  i gottah take care of her tonight love  she's not \optimium dog\"" right now  haha  love """
"sore, thank god for weed love "
"mmmmm, bitch you a fish, i'm looking for a shark love "
"i do me, you do you  thats the way its fursure been since before you were a sixth grader "
yah feel me? love 
"never touch a boy, and rock a man's world   love "
loved the smoke sesh with stephhy&&sarrraa love 
"haha, wow, if you only knew  ha  great night love  can't wait till tm night, then friday, then saturday, then sunday  hahahahahaha  <propfemale> know how i do it(; there is no rest for the wicked "
"i never grasped how much i hurt you, untill last night  i guess i've always been a little heartbreaker  cold as ice baby love  it's hard to break what's frozen solid! hahaha "
life is filled with gun's n <propfemale>'s 
"finallly friday love  gonnah have the dancer's code of honor tonight  smoke, party, dance! hell yes  i win, win, win, no matter what "
party  riverside  who's down? hmu 
it's not my fault i'm a crazy bitch that grew up in the hood? don't disrespect  tonight shall be legit  got room in my car if anyones tryin to party in riverside( smile  hmu 
great night  now goodnight smile 
these boys straight unattractive 
i'm really sick    like seriousli can't even leave my house sick  someone come make me feel better!  sad  smokee festt at my house? love 
"bitch, you know i can fight    bet you wish you knew what else i can do  ha, you don't know me hoe  (;"
give me your mind  i'm mind fucking you now  now i'm done  on to the next one 
"mmmmmmmm    baby you go hard on thaa pl radio  every dancer needs her dj love  romance and music, together forever "
like this if you are attractive 
got <propfirst> <propmale> 's baby shower invite today in the mail( smile  who's going?
fuck temps 
foood is bomb   smile 
you bitches can lick up my sucess 
whos down to blaze?
smokin dat bomb love 
i need a connect in the northend of sb  now  hmu 
it's funny how fuckin sad people are  and it's sad how the media e playful loits people's ignorance  fuck black friday  ha  waiting for days and hours to save 25% on each product  fuck that  haha  and their still clippin' coupons? wow  all the while the stores will still get bank  haaaaaaaa  poor americans 
"fuck your cousin  gone out,  love "
"yeah gottah know what to do  on sight, on sight  good night! smile "
"party in the northend, or fontana with muh bomby on top of bomby girl? i'll take some of that everlasting bowl please  (; i think my mind made up "
"tonight's agenda: smoke fest kick back in highland, then party in fontana, then after party in sb to top it off  hmu love  down people only "
fuck sundays  whos down to smoke 
fuck the bullshit 
pink pussy and white wine  (;
"long day, stoner night love "
obviousli she wants it  haha  (;
like this if your in love with being single  i am love 
there an't no rest for the wicked(;
"dear my old hood, you took the best of me, turned me into the worst  getting off your streets was the best thing i did in my life  old homies, still doing the same grime  i miss you at times, the gun powder, the white lady, and yes, even the thrill of the <propmale>  every day in you only had the same goals  i thank god for everyday i'm free from you  but if anyone asks, \i didn't see shit \""(;"""
someone give me a good excuse to tell the people at narcotics anyonmous for why i don't wana go to the meeting tonight  besides that i'm a pothead  thank you love 
i love people   ( smile 
let's get it crackin tonight love 
love is a waiting game for two 
"i love <propfirst> <propmale>  i can't wait to see the mini tutuface( smile  her baby shower was the buisness love  smoke tonight, fade, eat, and sleep  sounds good to me "
haha  beach night smile 
i love being single!  smile 
no strings attached anyone? haha 
fuck the bullshit 
"wow  i pretty much got the option to live anywhere in the us  i don't know where i want to go, i love my california smile  help? whos down to get an apartment with me if i stay in cali btw   "
"\your a beast thats why \"" ganja + tuesdays + gym = gtg wit <propfemale> rodriguez  love """
fuck 
"mmmmmmm, shopping  (;"
"let's get this shit straight, fuck hoes, fuck slutty bitches who think they can dance but they just grind on guys, fuck scarred bitches that say they wana beat my ass via text, then next day i show up and i bang on they( my ex) boyfriend and his house and his grandma and her, and don't come outside for the fade not once "
so i'm a bitch when i'm bossed up? haha 
"knotts with <propfemale> rodriguez  was so fun love  this weekend was super busy, but all types of fun "
likes all the random people in her life  mall time w  <propfemale>  shop  ganja  eat  sleep 
i can't be tamed 
"making bomb burritos for the fam, then gonnah get ready for tonight( smile  i swear, i'ma nocturnal creature that feeds on tha ganja haha! p s  i love sephora with all my  love "
fuck my life  haha 
last night was crazy 
haha  there would be a gorgeous guy behind me 
i bang limp bizkit 
i don't give a fuck bout no trick or no <propmale>  it's all about what's mine 
likes tonight being a success love 
some people know no bounds 
"i don't need a boy that asks, i need a man that grabs  knows what's his, no need to second guess  pin me to the bed, and get vigirious  put in as much work as i do  i need a boss, a man that can back up his ego  roast, boast, and toast kinda man "
"p s , westside  stay banging "
bomb on top of bomb  (;
stfu 
"remember one thing and one thing only, your feel safe, but your really not  wicked <propmale> thoughts "
blaze tonight?
fuck bitches that talk shit yet can't take a hit 
11% of 52 3 mb uploaded  hahaha this is intense  i'm never getting myself into this bs    ugh  soooo not worth it  guys are grimey annoyed 
"people* who care, are people* who get hurt "
"only thing quicker than my hands, is my mouth "
what a wonderful world love 
i need a new connect right now haha 
i got too much booty for that boy to handle  hahaha 
"run this shit like a mafia love , or run like a punk bitch "
"today i got hunted and out smarted the other <propmale> hahaha  he was mad he didn't get me   hahaha  can't catch meeee! haha  oh and that subway white boy, the punker mexi girl and arabian manager i had laughing with my knowledge of their work place  once again, your in my hood  hahaha "
"and if all you leave em with this none sense, your going to leave them with a mystery they want to solve  if you leave em with answers, you'll leave them with something they'll never remember "
"trying to keep me outtah trouble is like trying to keep the sun from shineing, and trust, the excitment makes me wana give all you mother fuckers some third degree burns "
jg wentworth is the sexiest old dude 
"tonight love  got my car, got my bitches, got my weed, got my money, got my destination  hahahaha, got my objective: dance, and go hard into 2011 love  happy new years everyone, see you later my beasts of the nights(;"
i gottah fight a felony? fuck the system 
"it's official, i'm looking for a dance studio and or a dance crew, that doesn't focus on one style of dance  i rock em all(;"
who's trying to match a bowl or two?
is masturbating 
because i'm cool like that  (;
i can show you how to unlock yo' body 
you irritate the fuck out of me 
"love should be the easiest desicion in your life, if it isn't, its cause your fuckin with the wrong person "
"i hate when bitches put on 3 by 4 inches of bright blush on their face, in the wrong spot of their face too, looking like a porcelain clown doll  get outtah here with that weak fake shit "
"the official name for my vagina is cheetah  yeah, i copy right that, bitch "
"at work, dying for some weed  off at 9ish, hmu if your trying to smoke  no flakes "
"fight for what you want, fuck being peacefully tamed  go hard  just a stoner thought  bang bang bang  bitch  westside   smile "
"i know i can't ever legally own or use a gun, but i'm going hunting  i don't give a fuck   love "
"sorry facebook i been gone, i was getting some head "
boys need to stop getting into fights at the bar over females 
"hahaha i told you i'd get you bitch  talk shit, get hit!"
this bitch needs to leave so i can masturbate in peace 
i think i'ma make an appearance at cajon soon    hahaha  sounds like fun( smile 
"who wants to go to the beach tonight, blaze, drink  let me know asap cuz we finna leave soon "
"this is why you guys don't deal with wifeys, so i don't like what shes saying, so i <propfemale> up    then she goes and calls my cell over and over again like 5 times, then my house too, then texts, then calls    and your just like    dam    stfu, you buggin  thank god she an't got my bosses' number shit    haha "
"and then when she cries it like a bitter sweet surprise  fucccckkkkkkkk, i fucked up my babby lovee   sad "
came to work to deal with dead puppy    yeah    no fair 
mission after mission  cash after cash    idk    doin' it right  all fun smile 
damn     haven't had <propmale> in so long    wish they weren't all the same  ha  step yo game upp boyyss 
"what's on my mind? not a damn thing, thank god   love "
"they ask how i do everything right, i say, i don't have to do much, but be me    haha "
"i feel like some man hunting, or should i call it bitch hunting? hi, my name is pain, and i don't give a fuck what you say cuz i got yoo' name  and thats all i need   smile "
"i an't a hater, yeah i'm a regulator, but that shit just comes back to dumb fucks  revenge is bitter sweet, espically on these streets  but when you just show just a bit of your badassness, they just don't understand it  they just love it "
"weed, peforming arts, and money  all day all day "
i thought i told you that i won't stop  haha love 
dam  i heart you  hard 
so fate is calling 
i forgot what this felt like  i guess thats what hearts are for 
i love all you bitches on the real 
"i hate dam crazy bitches that make up their lives on fb and make up boyfriends profiles and yet are never seen or photographed together haha  and that start a gang of drama with it all, just for attention, yeah    fuck you fake bitch  i knew i would figure out who was the real one haa "
"i just want to kill some <propmale> beasts, chant to artemis, <propfirst> my skin with the beast's blood, over and over again    soooooo relaxing "
wake and bake smile  i work sorta too much  but at twelve bucks an hour    who gives a fuck!? hahaha   smile  well work then play on friday(;
life is so great 
sometimes i miss having a bf  i really just wana hula dance on <propmale> 
"those who seek to defy the rules of life, are always the ones to blow your mind; the ones highly criticized  let them live among you in peace, act as branches intertwining wise knowledge in a hectic, chaotic world, they are the peaceful reminders of human potential  yeah, bitch you can quote me  i love writing, it's too easy "
"ipad, anywhere((;"
i wonder if there's any black guys that only date within their race  haha 
"i got valentines even tho i don't celebrate valentines haha  got court on valentines day  haha  fuck the system  got 99 problems, and they all bitches  i feel like vandalizing  i always feel like that tho  that and getting bitches are two of my hobbies  i'll keep performing arts, beyond my last breath  why i insist on being single they ask, cuz i'm too dam picky, but idgaf, cuz only a titan can tame a titan "
"ballet, ballet, ballet, i don't wana do fucking ballet! i'm totally trying out for so you think you can dance next season   smile "
"and with you in my heart, it's a battle between love and life "
"anyone hating on lil <propmale>, where's your success? get some, till then, stfu "
why are some people just filled with bullshit? fuck tha bullshit all day  i hate the fake game gotta impress other fakes people too  im too raw for this skunk 
i swear i could write a <propmale> on you sluts 
"love peace, but from past e playful ierances, can't have peace with love  that changes with time  good valentines week smile "
all you people need to stop with that foreploy 
"you know what i hate? people that post obvious shit  and act so hard for it  like start the day with a bowl     ugh mandatory? get in a brownie too, first thing you eat  duh  work, duh  school, duh  guys offering you free things n being overly polite, duh  buy your own car, duh  love shit, so played out, and words coming from ignorance  please thrill me with an actual topic, instead of the obvious "
"dear san bernardino, there's some ghetto shit goin' on here "
"and i don't got marks, cuz i know how to avoid them  i swear this world gonnah leave me enraged  i love this life, but i miss you  i could say that same line a few hundred times  time separates us all, and love is like a tie  i'm just so lost in thought  only clouds can keep me sane  and there goes the switch, the emotions are off  lick my butt hole bitches "
"420: we should go to 420 fest this year together smile  but your beauty is intimidating, your strength is inspirational, your laughter is contagious, and i understand you  you pretty awesome, real, and you don't give a fuck what they think, ur super dope  and it's sexy when u rollin or packin, <propfemale> don't even kno  i say homo shit sometimes, but i'm half homo what u e playful ect, but it's platonic the love i got for you smile "
"i swear i need a camera crew, my life is just too funny, and sad  ha, but fuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccckkkkkkkkkk it "
"protesters in libya go hard  i really been feenin for a good protest walk, or a march for a good cause    let me dance in front of your tank, put a <propfemale> in your barrel smile  ever since the <propmale> of pop died, i feel a swagger harder than my own, it's like a connection from the grave  i feel it "
"my lil bro goin to work with me todaayyy, hope him n my darling samirah hit it off! shes so cute she needs to be family smile "
"i'm with greens in my piece i packed, n i drop the green some how, and my wonderful dog straight up leads me to it  always have a plan b set up  training bitches is too easy "
phones broken  fuck my life  who's going to beyond wonderland? hmu if you wana go ((;
fixed my phone  thank god for my brain 
"what babygirl wants, babygirl gets(;"
"im trying not to be so crazy, but this new blade of mine is makin me reconsider "
"i got badasss blades for sell, hmu, surgical steel  comes with cases  i still got some muscle builder stuff too from that pic "
why are russians so hot? fuck <propfemale> 
"baby girl i didn't mean to make you gay, if i knew you would want a commitment, i wouldnt have pulled your pants down, my bad "
"ps, it's a girls world(;"
"if your going through hell, keep on going, dont slow down, if your scarred, dont show it, you might get out before the devil even knows your there "
"dear world, i hate love, i love love when others can make it work, as for me, i'm too complicated for that shit  but i love to see people in love  love "
"taste my perfume bitch  lick, lick, lick(; birthday tomorrow, don't really give a fuck, just wana go to long beach with my girls(&guys with pussaays), get blown and educated at aquarium of the pacific, next weekend is the party weekend love  beyond wonderland "
any one whos sober right now go weak as snail sex bitchesss! birthday girl smile 
"birthday, going hard! thanks for all the lovely people who are participating, and thanks to all the lovely people who wished me a great day(( smile  ily!"
"lmao high school bitches, so immature  why talk shit on here, but not to the face? why? oh yeah cuz you a wana be bad bitch, trick you an't shit, my fist make contact within a blur, so stfu before you get served   smile "
"you lost me, hope your happy, i am! ( smile "
"i got <propmale> on a waiting list, pussy right next to me, i'm after your heart, just please take mine love "
"thanks for all that information hun, it helps the hunt, but now i'm on to the next check box "
tonight love 
is too much to ask for someone smart and not a liar?
"when she strikes, she is not seen or e playful ected  when she hunts, she uses her beauty as an advantage  when she conquers, she takes your dignity and evidence with her    she is a black widow, and we are just living in her web "
i got one thing to say to you: suck on my clit bitch 
who's down for the friendly fade? dude or female  idgaf i been feenin 
"so i have two jobs already, and now an interview at 4 today for an advertising firm in riverside    ahhhhhhh, you wana know how i do it? win em with yeah words! don't hate on my success bitch  now i'ma go harvest some of my bros pee  hahaha smile "
"who just nailed a second interview with a marketing firm that sells discounted tickets to all <propmale> sports events? oh yeah, me! 10 hour, 9-5, monday thru friday, great benefits, and i get to keep my other job( smile  haters gon' hate, i am not lucky, i am blessed!"
"guess who got that marketing job? oh yeah, me! this job actually gonnah add 400-600 a week smile  (depends on me) &now im at my other job in the pool love  c r e a m !"
god bless you all 
"hey starting this saturday look for me at northpark community church, i am going to start volunteering ever saturday morning to coach the girls mma class, bring any kids you got, it's free and fun smile  we got a guy coach for the boys! hmu for info love "
"money, money, money smile "
"i an't got time for this shit  oh, and i love tits! like this if the good ole us of a should have a national topless day smile  yay yay!"
"at the doctors, bangin on em wit tha ipad speakers, i dont give a fuck, boss'd uppp  yeah, i just shited on em "
"is it tooo much to ask for a guy that just grabs? fuck society's rules, i'm from the dirty <propmale> bitches!"
"i love my jobs  i love watching people have sex    live  girls are awesome, thank god for all the beautiful women  and thank the devil for the forbidden fruit  the green one too  if i had a <propmale> i'd cum on yeah  <propmale>$$$$$$$$$$ out  oh, got a sick ass japanese surgical steal blade with case, retail val: 275  yours:80  i kept the pocket knife cuz it's siiiiiiccccccckkkk  hit me up "
i miss you 
and i always find something wrong  you been puttin up with my shit just waaaay to long  i'm so gifted at finding what i don't like the most  ha  truest ish    single life baby(;
"did i mention i got a brand new 2011 honda civic? based off my income bay bay, it's mine!  smile  haters gon' hate "
sick days are for the wealthy 
"everytime i party i turn into the entertainer, aka dance ballerina, so everyone always shouts my name and shit, and then they like puddy in my hands, go ahead put a <propfemale> on me, it's my birthday? tell me all the blunts are mine for the taking? now i got a kush <propfemale> over, dam  fuck it, that ish was fun "
