a42e68c56df7bbd30f83b99ce68f9fe7
what happened to those days of eating convenient store fudge rounds and a pints of chocolate milk for lunch and not gaining a pound?
my lunch is doing summersaults in my stomach!
for once my husband is not as stressed as i am   i think i understand his frustration now 
guess i'm gonnna be in the burg friday 
holy crap!  the allergies are kicking my butt 
happy hump day!
is it the weekend yet!?
wouldn't it be great if there were at least 2 extra hours in a day!  that would sure make up for the time wasted in the car everyday 
i can't wait to get out and enjoy this beautiful weather!
i'm going to see cake!
the joys and pains of parenthood!  i might not get to see cake afterall 
cake was awesome!
wow do weekends go fast!
journey has a philipino front man!?
off to see journey!
gosh i love <propfemale> oil!
"enjoying some quiet, alone time!  ahhhh "
is the weekend over already?
"crap, i just got snotty with an important person!  oopsie!"
it's friday and life is good!
these allergies are kickin' our butts!
what's new in the zoo?
i'm very sad i missed the <propfirst> mccartney concert!  tickets sold out so fast     sad 
"when life gives you lemons, make lemonade "
"this just in    'we are all mutants', scientists find   we all have at least 100 new mutations in our dna, according to research published in the journal current biology  – bbc news"
watching the rain fall makes me hungry for some chili 
going to read the scandalous gospel of jesus : what's so good about the good news? by <propfirst> j  gomes   i'm very excited by the reviews   it sounds like there might be a few challenges for my faith here    smile 
"i've got to say it's very unnerving to see one's child bleeding, even if it is only a nose bleed   she was calmer than i was about it "
is this week going to end!?  hope next week is better than this one 
i made it!  now for some fun and relaxation!
can't wait to see my handsome tomorrow!  it's been a long week 
"is anyone else having trouble resisting the urge to eat junk?  i'm blaming either the weather or the impending holidays   the chocolates, cheese, and fried foods keep calling!"
everybody having babies and my looking at joy's baby pictures is giving me the baby fever!
why is it that spreadsheets make me so happy?
i'm suffering post-holiday chocolate withdrawls!!!
<propfirst> bon jovi you are incredible!
must sleep   
so much to do and my <propfemale> to be lazy is so strong   willpower!?
thank goodness for good neighbors!
"is there a name for a person who always leaves you with <propmale> hangers when relaying messages via text, email, facebook, etc?"
my daughter is jamming out to the beatles!
it's so good to have my handsome home!  i missed him too much 
"andre: ahh there's nothing like having a beer after working out \brandy: so you can replenish the calories you just burned?\andre: there are no calories in this (beer)"
"dear mother nature,\ please turn the pollen count down   \love <propfemale>"
"wow, my kid will eat anything   she was just eating sardines with her daddy!"
"gotta get offa here, the suction seat has struck again!"
joy has her first loose tooth!!
joy will get a visit from the tooth <propfemale> tonight!  smile 
