2b48b8a9efb00f037e64aa69b4ad368d
can't wait to be <propmale> and powerful and actually do some good around here   annoyed 
"am i the only person in the world that thinks paranormal activity was not scary one little bit? c'mon it was a well made movie, but scariest film of all time no way "
lovin' this snow!
"this just in: <propfirst> bay to direct film based on popular \avatar\"" toys """
there is a distinct possibilty that my soulmate is in prison 
just installed windows 7 with minimal discomfort 
forget what i said  installing windows 7 on a custom rig is a neverending carnival of terror 
"i litterally saw a chicken cross a road today, when i did i took a step back and reflected on what i wanted from life  turns out i wanted some oreos  thank you little chicken brother for showing me whats important "
"you can't call me when your dead, boy!"
is delerious from fever 
is feelin' fine 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
\for me to have everything i want, your going to \2b48b8a9efb00f037e64aa69b4ad36 laugh ,ants have wings now? what the heck? nature sucks!
oh my lord   the burning   ouch 
man + t shirt = manatee shirt!!
why hello there four day vacation! i don't think we have been aquainted yet 
is super duper awesome for having a mario yoshi shirt!
testing out my new phone
i 'm bulging with what could be muscle 
is dancing the wounded turkey 
splice = pokemon gone terribly wrong 
"the\ a-team: (noun)  a film in which it reminds <propfirst> of a time when action \movies were fun and didn't try to tickle the viewers frontal lobe with exaggerated depth and half assed plot twists "
"future-proofing : the ultimate and unattainable\ concept of building a custom computer  the philosopher's stone of\ pc building and the devil's errand, driving those that pursue it to insanity   playful "
my dad was in an e playful losion and lost the use of his pants 
"customer: do you still have those black brothers on sale?\me: i think we discontinued those about a hundred and fifty years ago "
alright! big dog killed a skunk! now she and almost the whole house smells like dead skunk! i'm so proud!
wants to kick whoever designed ati's catalyst control center in the teeth 
<propmale> singleterry is a bad ass!
magnets! how do they work!?
"\what do we have to worry about? only that each one of us is wearing an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on our backs \"""""
"on september 13, 1985, super <propfirst> bros  was released in japan, meaning \the world's most famous plumber's most famous game is now 25 years old  \happy birthday!"
"nothing drives like a bulgarian car, 0 - 50 in about an hour!"
m1rr0r2 r m0r3 phun 7h4n 73l3v1510n
<propfirst> watkins: technology specialist! coming this fall to the wb!
i have had hundreds of successful relationships 
i just discovered my mom has bigger balls then i do 
sneaky snake snacks
"he's climbin in your windows\he's snatchin your people up\tryna rape em so y'all need to\hide your kids, hide your wife\and hide your husband\cuz they're rapin errbody out here"
\get the hell away\,2b48b8a9efb00f037e64aa69b4ad36 laugh ,"\i don't know who to trust \""\",2b48b8a9efb00f037e64aa69b4ad36 laugh ,"what is he that build stronger than either the <propmale>, the shipwright, or the carpenter?\the gallows-maker, for that frame outlives a thousand tenants "
word of the day: disastertastrophe 
"a brave man loves the feel of nature on his face, but a wise man comes in out of the rain "
has anyone realized that a drive-through atm's buttons have braille inscribed on them?
"there have been others, to be sure  there are always others  but you know, mr  <propmale>, the difficulties between men and women  how seldom it works out? yet we all keep trying, like fools "
"for what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose \his own soul? what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?"
"\i will have to kill you myself\""\",2b48b8a9efb00f037e64aa69b4ad36 laugh ,"the day my father odin banished me from asgard, i was bitten by a vampire and had radioactive waste dumped into my eyes "
we're out of beta and releasing on time 
"\like i told my last wife i never drive faster then i can see  besides that it's all in the reflexes \"""""
tron: legacy = video game: the movie
"that is the way it always is  my startling realizations, undone by inconvenient fact "
"ahhh! nothing like 12 hour work days to invigorate the blood  oh, and dear <propfemale>, your gift was very well appreciated and it was a life saver, as it turns out some mountain dew in the right place can make all the difference in the world   smile "
"when i eat a lot and i think i can not eat anymore, i go to the bathroom, then i can eat more!"
you never know til you try 
we're putting the band back together 
potato laser
welp  there goes another seagate hard drive to the island of misfit toys   sad 
"my mom always told me to never talk to strangers, and this one doesn't have any pants on "
"see a playa hustlin', comin' up from nothin'"
"question: <propfirst>, why do you work so hard, and take extra hours?\answer: have you seen the release schedule for games this year!? the 3ds alone is going to set me back 250 bucks!"
i have finally realized my firstborn's name: protoman light watkins  laugh 
i made it out of my driveway   and then almost got stuck in the middle of the road 
"not gonna lie, a snuggie would be really useful right now "
let the sweet glow of high speed internet fill my soul with kilobits once more!
what has science done!
i just took out my contacts and came to a startling conclusion    good lord i'm blind 
hey everybody! i just wanted to say thank you for all the birthday wishes  they were much appreciated 
"there comes a time when the jewels cease to <propfemale>, when the gold loses its luster and the throne room becomes a prison   "
i downloaded an emulator for my phone!!!! now i can play pokemon everywhere!!!!!
its a miracle of clumsiness   
what is a man? a miserable pile of secrets 
i sear it! by the power of the blue ranger!
be careful! she has a ninja cat throwing ability 
theres no easy way out there's no shortcut home
it seems logic took a holiday when frankenstein's monster started chasing around the wolfman in the hedge maze in dracula's backyard across the street from the haunted <propfirst>'s  
it's a good day to die  would you like to know more?  smile 
think of it this way: it's only a dollar a day for the next 685 years 
old <propfirst> always says: what the hell 
which way to berlin?
"\how do i get a prescription for medical marijuana?\""\",2b48b8a9efb00f037e64aa69b4ad36 laugh ,procrastination has failed me yet again   8(
the bad news is you may have serious brain damage    the good news is you are taking it extremely well!
"\the birth parents you are trying to reach do not love you  please <propfemale> up and don't try again later \"""""
i am the law!
it's morphin' time!
