9040314196c50db4013d70f30fd2f138
sleepy        
had a great day with the family!!!!!
frustrated   like you wouldn't believe          
midnight showing of transformers was tits!!!!!!!
got a job at target!!!! my favorite place ever!!!!!!
tired from spending all day in the pool!!! zzzzzzzz   
baby bro got a ps3   i've never seen him so happy!!
<propmale> potter in 3 1 2 hours!!!!
"got my microsd card, so now i have 20 new beatles ringtones!!!! hooray!!!!"
hanging out with my two favorite men!!! my little bro and my husband!!!!
playing little big planet!!!!
i saved three lives today by donating blood!! what have you done???  smile 
grrrr homework!!!! no more papers!!!!!
is e playful eriencing <propmale> writer's block    grrrrr     
had a great day in pasedena yesterday! u2 rocks and we had a good time!  smile 
hates being home alone   so boring   
looking for a new job   its time for change
watching ufc 105
happy turkey and day of thanks!!!!!
excited that my family got a little bigger yesterday!!!
halfway though season one of dexter   that show blows my mind!!!
happy new year!!! everyone be safe and remember to have a place to sleep or a designated driver!!
happy 1-1-11
going to the <propmale>'s game tonight!!! happy new year!!!!
o my god we are behind the kings goal   yes that means i get to look at quick's ass for two periods!!! go kings go!!!
can't win them all   at least we were there and had a great time!!!!
great job kings!!!! beating those pesky leafs!!!!!!!
soooooooo bored right now   cant wait for tomorrow!
taxes are done!!! whohooooo!!!!!!
looooooooooves her new classes this spring!!! advanced criminal investigations and forensic anthropology!!!!!
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!!!!
its amazing how much you don't realize you use something until it is missing!
"i love bargain books   i bought five new books and a puzzle, and only spent 30 bucks!!!"
"<propmale> is delicious   the fifth book of the <propmale> series is set to release september 7, 2010!!! i am so freaking excited!!!"
go kings go!!!!
"make that avatar madness stooooppppp!!!! it is just the story of pocahontas, only with blue people instead!! stupid over-rated movie "
"okay, so the kings lost a crucial game five   and lost 7-2  but you know what, game six is a new game, and its home in la  kings win on sunday, its a new series, and it all comes down to game seven on tuesday night "
"just finished reading shutter island by <propfirst> lehane  it was an incredible read and i highly recommend both the movie and the book  this is the only book i've ever read, where the movie is almost exact to the book  now i can finally start my <propfemale> scarpetta series by <propfirst> cornwell!! hooray!!"
<propmale>'s birthday is almost here   i'm so happy!! nothing like family time!!!
the interviews today were so stressful   i hope i get offered the position   i never want to go through a panel like that again!!!!
but the fool on the hill sees the sun going down and the eyes in his head see the world spinning 'round 
last final exam tonight!! then i'm free until summer school starts!!
done with finals   another semester down   now i must just sit and wait for grades!!!
got an a in advanced criminal investigations!! hooray me!!!
all my grades posted! got a 4 0 baby!!! whooohoooo
aaaaaghhh sooooooo boooooored!!!
playing with my ds   playing my croosword game!!  smile 
watched a forensic show on tv the other day   the case was about a woman who poisoned her husband with an oleander plant   i thought of <propfirst>   
"is very disappointed that she got a b on her anatomy and physiology exam   however, it was a tough test and she scored higher than most the class who failed   losers   "
has been in line for two hours at the financial aid office and is still 20th in line
blah
football and family    that's how we roll!!  smile 
we're going down   in a spiral to the ground    and no ones gonna save us     not even god
so sleepy      zzzzzzzzzz
and if u go   i want to go with u   and if u die   i want to die with u    take ur hand walk away
"your in my mind, all of the time  i know its not enough  but if the sky could cry, there must be some way back, to love and only love     electrical storm    baby don't cry "
beh    school    beh
hey look at me using my new htc phone!!!!
ugh work      
i freakin love invader zim!!! this cartoon is awesome!!
oh weather you are so rainy and awesome!!
"kyle: \weiner are never appropriate!\""\",9040314196c50db4013d70f30fd2f138,raven: \kyle," i wrapped all the christmas presents yesterday   they look quite nice \"" \"9040314196c50db4013d70f30fd2f138,"raven: \for someone who used to play hockey you never want to go roller skating with me \"" jake: \""cuz i don't want to skate around like an unstoppable moron\"""""
"raven: \where would i be without my work peeps to keep me entertained?\"" matt: \""you would be sane \"""""
"jake: \haylee could you stop playing that piano so loud! i can't think!!\""\",9040314196c50db4013d70f30fd2f138,standing in a midnight release line for a video game that i will never play   that's how much i love my brother   
christmas is 45 days away   hooray!!!!
happy veterans day!! thank a soldier for serving our country and never forget they are the reason we have our freedoms!!!
is it a coincidence that everyone is changing their profile pics to cartoons or did i miss something   
"yesterday we honored <propfemale> harbor and today we honor the loss of <propfirst> lennon   although not my favorite beatle, still a man of talent   "
the sigh of relief knowing the two rough finals are over and i have two easy ones ahead    fall finals also means christmas is almost here!!!!
<propfemale> excited for christmas i can't stand waiting!!!!
ahhhh work!!!!!
hope you've all been nice so <propfemale> will leave you presents!!! <propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!!!
go pack!!!
another day at work   sigh   
grrr can't get the internet running on the computer which means i will not be able to attend class in the winter   
finally off!! as soon as the lod opens the door i'm bolting home!!
day two of diet and i'm cranky and have a headache   day one if exercise   well the jury is still out on that one   
day three: less cranky   craving sugar and soda   going hiking later   hopefully that will brighten my day   
asvab test today   wish me luck   my future depends in it!
83 on my asvab!!! whoohoo!!!
the nightmare before christmas on blu <propfirst> is freakin awesome!!!
dreaming about pancakes   then suddenly i remember i'm only allowed to eat rice!! ahhhh!!!
ahhhh work how i loathe you!!!!
kings won tonight 6 to 4 against the blue jackets   hopefully this means a home win on monday night too!!! see ya boys in la!!!!!
kings game tonight!! can't wait to get out if work and head to the staples center!!! go kings go!!!
i meps on thursday the 20th   everything is moving very fast!!
line scores were awesome!! lowest was a 105! i get background checked over the weekend then lock in my job on tuesday!!
meps is being pushed back to friday   
my little bro asked me to teach him how to read music! o glorious day!!
all packed and ready for meps! i'm a little nervous   
in san <propmale>!! meps is tomorrow!! hooah!!
damn you meps making me wake up so early   yawn   
at 1530 today i took an oath as private first class gannaway to protect my country against all enemies foreign and domestic  i ship out on june 14 
hooray for hockey!! go kings go!!!
kings whipped boston 2 to 0!!! hooah!!!
last home kings game for 30 days   sad face   go kings go!!! whoooooo!!!
kings just won in a shoot out!! it was beyond any epicness i have ever seen!!!
hurry tax return and get here!!!
pt kicked my ass!! but i love saying i'm a future soldier of the us army!!
ufc!! go <propmale> <propmale>!! all american fighter!!!
packers!!!!! super bowl champions!!!!
