2fd06547865a32e3b23414ddf9a7f635
"4 stage crew, 1 cymbal spot open for winter percussion  and i think several pit spots including auxilary and 1 synth  most likely have a lower price for these positions  join or be drafted "
"thank you, all!  laugh  hope you have a good <propfirst>'s day chinese new year's sunday!"
"team usa will trump team canada in hockey  otherwise, i lose 20 bucks "
tied game  go usaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
fawk 
"just discovered hey, soul sister  i'm probably light years out of date, but this song is boss "
much props and grats to the crew of the hurt locker! this year's candidates were all very good 
who knew our second civil war was going to be fought ironically over health care?
anyone know what friday's french hw was? s'il vous plait?  laugh 
boats  costumes  accents  oh my!
five days in ohio and i be darker than a kenyan 
"wells and <propfirst> are being transferred to another room for testing, so the bc party starts at regular time now (8:40)  spread the word!"
am i the only one whose formspring is broken to hell   
holy balls  who else felt that earthquake just now?
forward this: anyone who has seen <propmale> boyer after 1st period please comment  he has gone missing and police have been notified  post this on your status and spread the word
celtics lost 
north korea won 
no pit rehearsal tomorrow  spread the word 
no pit rehearsal tomorrow  spread the word!
no pit rehearsal tomorrow  spread the word!!!
no pit rehearsal tomorrow  spread the word!!!!!!!
fuck spain 
"it takes a lot of nerve to say, but after inception, i am a <propmale> dicaprio fan "
"what      the      fuckin shit fucking shitty shit shit fuck  onemanga is closing down  no joke, go read the notice  this blows <propmale>  go to hell and meet your mothers there, fucking american anime licensers  i wish i had inception powers, so i could happily enter your fucking heads and implant the idea that you were never born  dipshits  fucking desperate for revenue is all "
"are you fucking kidding me? it's a whole\damn coalition of japanese and american groups targeting over 30 sites  sigh  you know what!? <propfemale> and russia do a lot of shit, but they dont pull anything nearly as fucking ridiculous as this "
"as of bleach chapter 414, gin ichimaru   continues to be my favorite character! (mangastream has the update if you're interested)"
screw bleach 415  and there wasn't even an orihime screaming aiiiiiiizeeeeeennnn heeelp me! i'm moving to one piece 
code geass  best anime i've ever watched  wink  and one of the only shows that have ever made me tear up  all hail lelouch <propfemale> britannia 
"did they really use river flows in you for twilight? did they really? wtf, six million views? this used to be an asian-only song  i hate vampires even moar now "
getting owned by physics 
bleach 420 was   touching 
"dear homework, thanks for being a pal and being practically non-existent on this beautiful wednesday night  yours forever, <propmale>"
strawberry pancakes 
getting owned by physics   again
"questbridge  if your website is going to be down on september 30, why did you make september 30 the due date "
you flaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaake 
the power of music makes it feel like that physio practical suddenly doesn't matter so much 
<propfemale> <propmale> is a c c  that is all 
who else is wondering how the hell they missed that many points on the stat test?
"well, at least this means we don't have to miss the walking dead ^ ^"
"happy turkey day  or, if you're vietnamese, happy spring roll day "
"got a webcam ^ ^ add me on skype: <propfirst> nguyen, mall3t_man1ac@hotmail com"
whoa 
huge proponent of honesty my motherfucking ass 
what to do with three copies of madden nfl 2005?
pluto: i will always remember you as the smallest planet of my childhood 
anyone wanna tell me what the physics homework was?
they actually call your parents' cell if you try to excuse your own absence  i guess that kind of dedication is what you need to get hired in the attendance office   laugh 
