ee7365a42493a8675ed8deb1d1dfc1a2
making some progress on my apartment    finally!!!
my internet magically fixed itself today    yay!!!
i love it when cute guys give me their number   to call or not to call    hmm   
 smile  all i can do is smile  smile 
my dad is trying to moonwalk    it's a pretty scary sight!
"writing    well, trying to write   "
the only person you can count on is yourself    and even that's a lie!  i always seem to f things up!!!
my sofa feels sooo fantastic right now!!! ahh    
i really should be sleeping   
ah!!!  i need sleep    or caffeine   either would work really!
wow    i sure didn't e playful ect that!  hmm   
it just keeps getting better     smile 
this isn't supposed to happen!  how do i make it stop???  ahhh    i'm so confused!!!
drinking lots of wine with <propfemale>! mmm    so yummy!!!
<propfemale>    it's your own fault that you have wine in your hair!!!  smile 
this totally sucks!!!
wine on an empty stomach is never a good idea!
"i need this f-ing song out of my head    i'm about to scream!!!  please, somebody make it stop!!!"
ahh    my bed feels goooood!!!  too bad i rarely sleep!
ahh    home at last!  apparently i'm missing out on quite the party outside my apartment    crazy neighbors!!!
i'm so bored   
has writer's block   i need inspiration!!!
gotta love rainy days    although i'd love them much more if i could stay in bed all day!
and i'm home again    i miss colorado already!!!
different than other guys    ha!  i've heard that one before!  you're all the same    there's really no need to try and fool me!
"i'm sleepy, but i can't sleep    imagine that!!!"
waiting for <propfemale> to finish watching glee so i can go get her drunk    bad day will soon be a good day!!!
we're having uncomfortable discussions about sex    stop asking me questions!!!
and i guess that was your cue to exit    nice knowing ya!
now that i can actually send mms pics    it won't actually send!  go figure!
i can hear it in my head    why can't i play it!!!!  frustrating!!!!!
seriously    wtf???  wow   
so i came home to an apartment complex full of cops    apparently i missed one hell of a party last night!!!
playing some guitar  smile 
only i could cut my finger with a butter knife    now that takes some talent!!!
finally listening to thrice's the alchemy index   there's some great stuff here    i approve!!!
spaghetti o's and nacho cheese doritos must have been created by god    oh and plastic spoons too!  smile 
of all people you were the one who made my day better    weird!
i feel like death    this getting sick business is no fun!!!
"i'm really tired of dealing with this shit    people, just leave me alone!!!"
awkward moments   
i smell like a smokey campfire    i wish i actually got to enjoy a campfire instead of cooking steaks all night at work!!!  sad 
i have a sudden burst of energy    at 2 smile 0 am   damn insomnia!!!
what the f    it's after 7 smile 0am and i still haven't fallen asleep!  argh!!!  apparently i have a lot on my mind   
it's snowing!!!  smile 
"starting off the new year sick    no fun!  i never get sick, so what's the deal?  can't wait to feel better!"
you know there ain't no rest for the wicked until we close our eyes for good
"i've been awake for umm    40ish hours   sleep, must sleep    and hopefully soon    preferably before i have to work again!"
"on my way to <propmale>    5 days of relaxation, friends and beer, lots of beer!  good times will be had!!!"
is being punished for having such a great time last night   sad 
i miss colorado already  sad  i had such an amazing time and can't wait to come back!  i'm pretty sure i should be living here    i love me some mountains!!!
i think my mind is in the gutter today    i never realized how many dirty songs are on my ipod   i officially feel violated!
"and i'm home again    boo wichita, boo!!!  i want to relocate!  any suggestions?"
sometimes i feel like a glorified babysitter    tonight was one of those nights!
just had a <propfemale> for lunch with mom and dad!  mmm   
it is so f-ing hot in my apartment!!!  how many times do i have to call maintenance to fix my shit    really?  i guess i won't be cleaning today after all!
really???  i should've known better    sometimes i hate being so damn reliable!
oh how i need to find some motivation today    usually that's not too hard for me!  so what's the deal?
so i didn't find motivation to clean today    but i did find the motivation to go to a concert and drink buckets of beer!!!
really?    now i have a fever too  sad   i'd sooo much rather be hungover right now!  too bad i never have the luxury of calling in sick to work!!!
thank you to the men of wichita for the constant reminder of why i prefer to remain single 
"poured wine for the walkabout tonight   now i'm home and having my own wine walkabout    consisting of me, a bottle of zinfandel, my comfy sofa and a movie   ok, it's more of a \sit\""about really    the important thing is the wine!!!"""
"i feel like singing the \hallelujah chorus\"" right about now!"""
sunday breakfast with the girls    a little housecleaning    and then off to work   a semi-productive day    although i'd rather be sleeping!  i'm still sooo tired  sad 
the excitement has officially worn off    i'm so over this!
working on no sleep    again   just one of my many talents!
sooo    dairy <propfemale> ice cream cupcakes are the greatest thing ever!!!  it's the little things in life that make me happy  smile 
an une playful ected ass-kicking at work tonight = no after-work beer for me  sad   definitely not on tonight's agenda!!!
i need to stop watching movies with happy endings    they're making me bitter!  where's my happily ever after damn it!!!
"sooo    i guess i won't be sleeping before my 15 hour day of work after all  sad   insomnia, you are so not cool!"
"if i have to work like this all summer long, i might start hurting people    this heat makes me tired and cranky!  not conducive to a pleasant work environment!!!"
"i am one f-ing pissed off bitch right now!  what part of \it's 90 degrees in my apartment\"" do you not get understand?  if you have to fix my a c every other month    then it's not fixed!!!  seriously    i feel like i'm in the kitchen at work again!"""
"after a long exhausting day of work, i just walked into my heavenly 72 degree home   life is good again!"
so excited for tomorrow    margaritas by the pool and a night with the girls   i'm so lucky to have the greatest friends ever!!!
"when things get tough, i don't cry    i just shut people out   so i am officially hanging my emotional *do not disturb* sign until further notice "
"and at the end of the day, the big kids will play    on the slip 'n slide!  good time friends    good times!!!"
"just destroyed the mutant spider that attempted to take over my home!  i feel victorious!!!  as usual, my cat was worthless   "
"if only these stomach pains would go away, maybe    just maybe, i'd be able to finally fall asleep!"
"after 3 days of miserable pain, i think my stomach is finally better!  of course i've barely eaten in those 3 days    we'll see how this food thing goes   this is by far the best but most painful \diet\"" i've ever been on!"""
my brain is at capacity    i feel like i should be watching reality television to eliminate this problem 
"it's 11 smile 0 and i'm tired    this is fantastic!!!  11 smile 0 pm that is!  so much for reading tonight    oh well, another night "
not quite the saturday night i was hoping for     sad 
i'm ready for a holiday that i don't have to work    i hope everyone enjoyed some fireworks and blew something up for me  smile 
"i just saw a deer on the side of the road at k96 and woodlawn    thank you god for amazing vision, and thank you deer for not running out in front of my car!"
ugh!  ready for another saturday    particularly this saturday!  2 days off in a row = amazing    water park with friends    and our 1st annual <propfemale> races!  can't wait!!!  week go by fast    please!!!!
ugh!  what is a girl to do   
had such an amazing time tonight!  can't wait for saturday!!!
"friends, i would just like to point out that i uploaded my pictures first    yes, first!  so, there can be no talking shit this time  smile   now time for a little music productivity!"
my bar looks so sad  sad  good thing i've had drinks to make to keep me busy!
this is turning out to be a good week    make that a great week!!!  smile 
"had such an amazing saturday    winery, bbq, great food, awesome company!  good times, good times!!!  now, if only i had time for a nap today   "
"came home from work to find 6 wasps in my apartment    yes, i cried "
30+ down    you picked the wrong girl to mess with wasps!!!
"so excited for 7 glorious, almost perfect days in the mountains!  there's only one thing missing   "
"wait, who just beat you at scrabble mom?  yep    that would be me!"
so frustrated    i don't know what more you want from me!  i'm really trying to be a good friend!
counting the hours   
"colorado, zoobilee, and a fantastic weekend ahead    this week just keeps getting better!"
too early for an otb swirl?  i think not!
"at so you think you can dance in kc    amazing seats, amazing friends = awesome time!"
i think i need a new shoulder    or maybe even a new right arm!  this pain is getting a bit ridiculous!  sad 
i may have spoke too soon    dang it!
5 hours of sleep in the last 2 days    25 hours of work    it's a damn good thing i don't require sleep to function    only caffeine  smile 
today definitely feels like a monday    and i feel sorta icky too    not cool!  i'm sooo ready for this weekend already!!!
my employees are so sweet    tonight they made a card for me and signed it after finding out my <propfemale> died   thanks guys!
"once again, another amazing weekend    i think i'm getting a little spoiled!  i really wish monday wasn't here so soon   hopefully this week will go by really fast!"
'tis the season for pep talks   my annoyingly optimistic self sometimes amazes even me!
"sometimes the stress seems so unbearable    i don't know how much more of this i can take!  i'm trying to stay positive, but it's really hard to "
i'm so lucky that i have someone in my life who can put a smile on my face even on my worst days!
"thank god for beerfest    it may not fix my problems, but it sure as hell will make me forget them!!!"
"ahh    so glad to be relaxing after 9 hours of work   today's highlight was definitely not the fever, chills, aching or throwing up all day!"
is sooo looking forward to thursday!
i feel like i could sleep for 12 days straight and still be tired   i want my energy back!!!
"yep, definitely should've taken a nap today before work    long day, and it's looking like a very short night   it's gonna take a lot of coffee to keep me awake and functioning through the day!"
watching films in my anthropology class    it's about as much fun as being tortured!
"ugh    everyday i wake up hoping to feel better, but i only feel worse   not cool!"
oh i really wish i could take a sick day    i just hope this 14 hour work day goes by fast!!!
"so the highlight of my day is definitely not being stranded on the side of the road waiting for a tow truck in the snow and cold    i really am starting to hate my car right now, even more than i already did!"
"despite my body feeling blah today, i've been quite productive and i like it!"
"i really hope this isn't round 2 of being sick    thankfully, i'm finally home from work and can get some sleep!"
it's friday night    and my drink of choice is dimetapp   how sad   
do i really have to go to work today?  ugh    i want a snow day too!!!
"whenever i'm having a bad day, i take my aggressions out playing angry birds    it's very therapeutic!"
good wine    good food    good friends    good times!!!
wow    did that just really happen?
hero of the day: <propmale> carr   thank you so much for your help!  i owe you!
so glad today is over!!!  i'm hoping for a really good day tomorrow to make up for this shitty one!
i really need a nap    i don't think work is the appropriate place though  sad 
"i'm free!!!  well, at least until sunday   so happy for a day off work!  smile "
coffee is not working this morning!  damn    i knew i should've slept last night 
let the brewing begin!
it's a great day to be a shocker!!!  smile 
i have to be awake in 2 1 2 hours    tomorrow's going to be a long day of work!
it's almost 11pm and i'm eating my first meal of the day    i never though a salad and green beans could taste so good!
"i really just want to crawl in my bed and fall asleep    work, can you go by a little faster please?"
boy i'm tired    i need a nap    or better yet    a ton of caffeine!!!
yay!  my mama is in town  smile 
moving day!!!!
excited to see stars go dim at riverfest tonight with <propfemale> belisle and <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile 
laying out with a <propfemale> in hand    don't mind if i do!
thanks for all the birthday wishes  smile   i had a great day!
ugh    i have the most excruciating headache! not cool!!!
"just gave my car a bath    looks so pretty!  smile   geez, it's hot outside    now i need a bath too!"
"so ready for the pool    and a drink!!!  that'll fix things, right?"
"homemade granola, fresh fruit and yogurt is such a good breakfast!  i could eat this everyday    well i guess i already do eat it everyday!  yum!"
what a perfect lazy sunday    until now  sad 
feels good to be home    but i'm missing colorado already!  thanks mom and dad for a great vacation  smile 
i'm so annoyed    is this day over yet?
oh how i wish i could be at home in bed right now    not feeling well at all  sad 
"breakfast with the girls, pork in the smoker for dinner, homemade potato salad and coleslaw done, baking chocolate chip cookies for dessert, and watching some football    what a perfect sunday!"
not in the halloween spirit    maybe it's because i have to work 12 hours today  sad 
