c3ac4d463809b904dd4c4d8b76954251
just got a new job    i feel like dancin 
think i mite be gettin sick    sigh i just need to lay in bed and cuddle all nite 
felt like i had the flu or somethin the last few days    oh well its over now plus its my friday 
"your only funky as your last cut    keep ya mind in the past ya gon\ be a has what """
graveyard shift ha ha my favorite   not!
"three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind "
havent been to sleep yet n i have work at ten  lol as my faded boy <propfirst> would say    im fcukn up 
thinkin about my mom    ha but when am i not     2 more days and then im off  i need a wild night out 
off tonight    bout to hit the gym  might step out tonight 
"lookin for a second job, somethin flexible to work around my screwed up graveyard and swing mix at ip, plus different days off every week  phwew    highly unlikely but im up for anything "
am i a player? ha i wish people would quit listening to the bs & get to know me before they start assuming shit all the time  lmao i cant help it im pretty!
off tonight and tomorrow night    nothing to do  gonna see about hittin the studio 
i love pie!
"im about to jump this sh*t off, change never phased me, im so high on voltage that theres no need to crank me! mcqueen"
"graveyard shift, overtime, no sleep    who needs that these days?"
well my horoscope is tellin me that i have a crush and the attraction is strong    where are you? 2012 is right around the corner you know    gosh!
"hit the gym,took a shower, washing clothes, cleanin up, runnin errands later, pickin up bro from work, lil bros baseball game and probably makin jambalya tonight  damn    anybody else wanna add to the list?"
"talk about me if you want to    but speak easy because after i <propmale> through all the bullshit that came from your mouth, i come out clean and you still dont know me!"
alone at the house bored  waiting on <propmale> to get off the school bus so i can help with his pitching before his next baseball game 
11 11 make a wish!
"damn    someone broke into the house right down the street from mine yesterday at 10 smile 0 a m , layin in bed hearin noises got me paranoid as hell  lmao i needsome security!"
just woke up    lol about to try and wrap some spring rolls  then hit the gym!
"about to go to bed    off tomorrow, definitely gonna hit church "
the fortune teller said i was mahatma ghandi in my past life    lmao what went wrong with this one?
rule #1 never leave a fellow crasher behind!
i feel like a zombie! insomnia is definitely not fun  getting off graveyards asap 
what is today? lol is this real life?
5 more days until im off    then its time to throw down for the bday!
"lil bro had a sleep over, so when i got home i cooked em all breakfast and then we played baseball lol i let the 12 n 13 y o's win!"
"i seen a <propmale> man beg, i seen a good man sin, i seen a tough man cry, |i seen a loser win, and a sad man grin, i heard an honest man lie  seen the good side of bad and the down side of up and everything in between  i licked a silver spoon, drank from a <propfemale> cup and smoked the finest green  |\everlast\""<<< good shit"""
well    so sick of this bs  declined yet again on fasfa  sad   hopefully next year 
"ive never judged a mans wealth by the money in his pocket    only by the content of his charcter! maybe im just different, who knows?"
its always somethin    this why i dont make plans 
"ha its my birthday    what a day  can not complain at all  i slept like a baby    like the first day i was born, pshh cuz i was so f*ckin tired from workin all night last night "
"thanks for all the bday wishes, its my day off too tired for anything    shower then bed mkay "
do what feels good!
"if it is something, then why call it nothing, speak on how you really feel and act on the feeling that makes you really feel something "
dinner: a bowl mixed with cupcake pebbles and fruity pebbles and a banana  good workout good night!
"im just sayin    take me out to dinner,  its the least you could do for letting me make you happy!"
"just sayin    life could be so much better, but it could be a lot worse too  thankful for the things i have and working for the things i want "
a lot on my plate right now    feel like i have stopped in for the buffet of bad luck! fixin to eat everything in site and sh!t out greatness!
"pumped right now    just got out the gym  feel like i smoked crack or something  time to get some rest though, work 12 hrs tonight "
"hitting the beach today,volleyball and the fresh smell of oil    cant wait  at least ill still look good "
"lmao    hard for you is easy for me  two words that always get me through: f@ck it! ha one of my fav days of the year tomorrow, not!"
"its hard for me to be happy on a day like to day   but then i think of all the women who  helped me and guided me through to today and i am thankful to have known them  so happy mothers day to mrs  <propfemale>, mrs  <propfemale>, mrs  <propfemale>, big <propfemale>, the wonderful ladies in my family, all the ladies who raise children and are real mothers, and of course thanks to my mom for always guiding me, <propfirst> and <propfemale>e through everything "
"haha, if i liked it, i would of went for it  if i needed it, i woulda of\earned it  and if i wanted it, i would take it and you would like it!"
"government population control: well they cant pump the fish full of steroids and chemicals, so they said f@ck it and just spilled oil in the water "
hopefully gettin a day job instead of graves    hopefully 
"reminiscing about old times, old friends, and lost memories  listening to a song that always lifts me and keeps me straight  always know anything is plenty "
\i\,c3ac4d463809b904dd4c4d8b76954251,"as easy as it looks to you, i make it look so easy! by the memories that im makin and the impression that im leavin! forecast: slightly cloudy but w  lots of laughs  no real reason to be above the clouds but its hard for me to be under the weather!"
"good times yesterday, preciate the invite from lil sis and jmiah  chilled wit fam  back to work   "
hit the gym and ran    alot  then cut grassand weed eated  damn ya boi is tired  definately need a massage 
baby i could give you more than you ever had and never hand you a materialistic thing 
"new phone    no <propfirst>, text me with name so i can get everybody back "
"i got a hold of you but its not a til death grip, its more like locked lips, i like the way we kiss, and ill carress ya mind and ease ya pain, baby this not a game but if it was im in like espn and thats the truth like my names s e a n!"
it is not half full or half empty    it is just half way  half way too what? i guess half way to none  isn' t that empty? yes but grab the pitcher and refill it and its half way to full  i would much rather have a full refill than a half refill  <<< randomness in my head
oh btw how's your life?
"strength does not come from physical stature, it's the charm and beauty inside somone's soul that keeps them moving  we workout to look good but without a soul you are not good looking "
take a <propmale>    its only one  life presents you with plenty more!
"i am ms worst person :{ was told so today  on the flip side, at least im the best at something!"
"a lot of people want me to lose i think the cards fixed, tryin <propfemale> make it rough on ya dog i think tha yards fixed!"
chunk chunkin up the deuces    \i hate liars, f$ck love i'm tired of tryin \c3ac4d463809b904dd4c4d8b76954251,"did you see that sh$t? woooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwww     f$ck yea u s  to the top 16 baby, what a crazy game  still cant believe it  now time to go to sleep  good night u  s  of a!"
damn! does the grass not always seem greener on that other side   
dont slip     
"sometimes i sit back and wonder       what if mlk was still here today? you think we would fall behind him and march to get this oil spill fixed? just sayin somethin needs to happen, you mean to tell me bp does this shit for a living and doesnt have a solution to this problem yet? just sayin, sh$t gets deeper everyday "
"i appreciate lil <propfemale> comin out and chillin with me at the studio  good to see him  on another note i have an amazing idea that will soon be in the works, with the help of a couple people, could be somethin big  but i cant exactly say right now  more details later "
hahhahaaha some women talk a good game but wouldnt want me to get a hold of em   ill handle that @$$ like a real mans supposed to and they know it 
his name is <propfirst> mcqueen and windows7 was not his idea!
what?!?!?!?! off tonight    a friday? yep    what you doin? idk but gettin into something 
happy birthday to my lil bro <propmale>     13 yrs young today  ha i remember like yesterday changin his sh!tty diapers  time flies!
come on    i know the aliens are comin this independence day! i just hope will smith's ol' a$$ is still able to save us!
"smokin' ribs, beef loin, chicken, and sausage today     i think that covers pretty much everything, not fish but i like when mine isn't marinated in castrol gtx "
"his head spins constantly like gears in a clock, yet he is always lost in time  and he never pinpoints one thing to do, and his roads have no signs  he takes a second to think, but his thoughts wont unwind, he's trapped inside a world thats smaller than his mind "
my computer is a ratard    wont let me upload any new pics   oh well you'll see me when ya see me 
lebron what???? all i heard on sportscenter is <propfirst> cowboys are ranked #2 baby! superbowl champs this year at home 
don't ask for permission    ask for forgiveness 
"i see stars from above    question?????>>>        if the universe is ever e playful anding, then what is it taking over? ask your local scientists that  i dont have an answer, i know who does  he hasn't answered my question yet  has'nt really answered a lot of my questions but i'll keep talkin to him until he does  then i'll get back to ya "
"life     hahaha! its thrown me nothing but curve balls  yea i swing, hit it sometimes  mostly though its a strike  let it throw me a fastball, i promise ima knock it out the park!"
"the past made you,    yea u right  its about where you goin tho pimp  grab a hand and pull somebody forward next time  i don't have time to be set back with negativity "
"whatever\you thought about me     was probably wrong  whatever you think about\me    is your opinion  whatever you know about me is    100 "
"no man's knowledge can go beyond his e playful erience  therefore \knowledge is proud that he has learn'd so much and\ wisdom is humble that he knows no more "
sunday night baby     hall of fame game  cowboys and bengals  i can already feel football running threw my veins    and of course cowboys are going to win 
"i think a mans worth is really weighed by his compassion for humanity    its not really about the 1 you care about the most, its how you care about most as one  sacrifice is the reason we all have a <propmale> to own our own mansion in the sky with gifts of <propfemale>  you look at it as me getting ran over, i look at it like if i had to struggle, at least you didnt "
"just to let you know, i'll probably laugh at most sh$t that makes you mad "
maybe its my swag    
just hopped out the spaceship   
really??? 3 times   its gotta be a coincidence 
negativity: a sore on my a$$ 
you the type that gotta call in the goons    i come one deep strap like a army platoon 
"no since in arguing     if we cant reach a common ground by talking, then yelling definitely  wont get it resolved  i don't do the whole arguing thing, i'd rather just realize there's a difference in opinion and start from there "
"right:in accordance with what is good,or proper  in conformity with fact, reason, truth, or some standard of principle; correct: correct in judgment, opinion, or action  \\so, what happens, when you want something that is right, but cant have it?"
"my eyes always <propfemale> low    i'm not half asian, but thanks for askin "
yea the early bird does get the worm    but the 2nd mouse always gets the cheese!
"good times, good memories, & good people are priceless  make it\worth the next persons time to get to know you  misfortune happens to\everyone and yea we might not be the <propmale> and famous but i see greatness everytime i get on here "
maybe its my dougie     
"dunkin asteroids in the milky way for breakfast right now, ha ha long ass night at work, feel like i cooked for at least half the people on fb "
no matter where he goes    
wow    crazy a$$ dream last night  hope it holds some truth through my interpretation   if not i guess thats why its a dream 
"whether pain or pleasure: i know that i have lived because i have felt, and,\feeling giving me the knowledge of my existence, i also know that i\shall exist no more when i shall have ceased to feel "
"predictions here: vikings:28   saints:24  its gonna be close but, vikings edge it out "
cowboys    its alright ima still rock yall even tho we lost  i wouldnt do you like the saints fans!
"shut eyes make the world to big for you to comprehend , but to open makes it to small for you to live   i aint talkin about dyin, im just sayin, if knowledge is power    how much do you really want?"
in the lab: im in my own zone this shit got me throwed off
hit the studio last night      i guess you had to be there  i post a link soon for everyone to hear  to far out there right now 1
"now\let me take you to a place far beyond, in whole nother galaxy, travel in ya mind, e playful lore ya sexuality  melt yo imagination and mold\it into reality  ya he<propmale>s my <propmale> galary girl  can you feel the\pictures that i painted"
"happy birthday to my lil bro: <propfirst>  22 today     haha f^cked up mode, already!"
"when there is a time where words are needless, the right e playful ression on someones face is plenty sufficient  yet, in times where an e playful lanation for the une playful lainable is needed; all we have is a blank stare and its never enough  r i p  to my grandfather  words cannot e playful ress what you mean to me "
aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh this weather  who wants to cuddle?
theres only one way to go    
that's hhhheeeeeerrrrrrr        that's her that's her that's her        
lay it down
"<<<<yep that's me! got\new beats that'll be posted in a few days, just gotta make the videos\and add the sound  don't be scared to give me your honest opinion, i need all the criticism  possible  <propmale> recordin session\tonight>>>>\smooth<>rich<n>dominic>>>>>>> yall\ready?<"
"\ha for real i ain't no wanna be    b$tch i'm a gonna be  when i was 5 my momma looked at her son n told me boi you gon' break hearts cuz you too cute for just 1!\"""""
too many erkels on ya team; thats why ya winslow 
i didn't really say to much    i think she heard my swag 
cowboys? worst team in nfl?                                          yep
where you been?
"you aint the only one thats got problemz, you aint the only one that knows pain  get  up off yo a$$ n just solve them, you still gotta <propmale> to make a change "
they want me to change     for what?
on that level! ha    so far past the clouds i could hear a martian fart!
and i dream               dream of better days 
this is not a democracy; its a dictatorship                                                  and i'm <propmale>!
glad i dont work swing yard tonight  about to get into somethin 
tuesday     prolly the most boring day i ever saw
"number\game! send a number 0-500 to my inbox and ill tell you what i think\about you in my status   only you will know who you are!"
"120000- you always been real  true to yourself  always cuttin up in class back in the day  even tho we dont talk anymore, always a good friend "
"76------ woa, my first memory is playin football in pee wee  all the way to state after we won and you called <propfirst> bateaste phone on the bus ride back (he didnt know it was you) and said you had his girl then he blew the f*ck up  good times  i wish you nothin but the best "
"427------ my fam    wow, what to say? been threw a lot of ups and\downs  you still always been there for me  and i got you always  i need\to come yalls way one week and chill  sucks yall left from here "
"1984------ ha, a wild one  i like you tho  a good mother, and really\seein you raise your children on your own kinda makes me see you as\some kind of a super woman  makes me have a lot of respect for single\mothers too  and we need a drink sometime "
"307------- we aint really chill in highschool, but we did get wasted at\the hard rock many times  cool as a fan  and i know you care a lot\about your child  good people "
"#77------- i havent seen you in a while, but i do remember me, you and <propmale> always on the bus cuttin up  damn we gave poor mr  <propmale> hell  where you been?"
"211------- a sexy one  i aint really know you til you and the homie got\together  definitely a down ass chick in my book tho  mad love for ya "
"11-------- damn     i could write a book and it still wouldnt be enough\to e playful lain how much you mean to me  everyday im blessed to have you as\my sidekick  i feel like i should be there for you more  i got you and\two others over everybody  ev-er-y-body! oh and of course i love you "
"#22----- we had a lot of good times  i dont think ill ever have an absence of passion for you, nor a lack of respect  strong willed for real  a beautiful person and soul even tho i feel like i caught the short end of tha stick  two words     my nai "
"#75        if i was a few days earlier  i always think that about you \but i do have respect for you stayin true to somethin you believed in \i like when we talk  plus you make me laugh  i cant wait to see you\again "
damn    what to do?
yyyyeeeeaaaa        that one
to everybody >>> its triple x-mas     be happy! party wednesday      around 11 until! hit me up for details!
i have grown to believe there is no such things as haters     just secret lovers 
party tonight     ill see you there
"i go hard 4ever, thats just how i'm designed!"
"you quick to judge but i'm glad i've struggled  it's easy to hate me, it's harder to love me  even if i don't make it i was as close to perfection as i could be  what did you e playful ect? i'm only human "
i gotta get it all n you don't even know the half
"<propfemale> the folks livin fast     i'm sorry  <propfemale> the folks not, i see ya "
put me on repeat; lets go again and again
to mlk    to the homies   to everybody    to the truth   
i knew when i seen the pastor tonight the word was gonna be strong     not that strong though  revival was off the chain  i cant wait to toss my crowns at the lords feet 
ill see ya up the road    in the upperr roooommm
"side note: seen two of my bois sittin in a truck today in the front yard, it wasn't crunk but it was on, wish i coulda hopped in the back, asked where they was at, where they was goin, and if i could ride "
"the difference between a story teller and a messiah; one tells the truth    the other, just stories  if you think the truth wont set you free    ha, keep tellin stories "
