367b8da0f4aa2c318b27e4e390669053
is cool with whatever god's will is! we can't stop him just trust in him completely 
ok does anybody else thinks its funny that <propfirst> <propmale> died? like is he really gone?
is fallin in love all over again!    damn  hope it works out this time 
i now have a very low tolerence for niggers!
hates barbershop they're never open when i need them 
"is reflecting back on the past 12 months of his life   friendships, relationships, love and spiritual growth [smiles] what a difference a year makes "
is at his mother's bridal shower    don't ask 
"wow its only been three days   and i'm on a natural high and anyone trys to bring me down they're going to get their ass kicked, psych naw lol, but seriously im floating on cloud nine!"
awwwwwww
"oh my gosh, why is everyone running around like a chicken with no head "
im getting sick to my stomach
life is what you make it  if you sit around doing nothing thats exactly what you'll get   not   however if you get off your couch better yourself life will be better for you as well 
i should've just went to my church like i'm suppose cuz this preacher is twisting the word all up 
sooooo bored
how u doinnnnnn
at the clear store with yogi! we not buying nothing
yo window phones are the worst  dont even let the thought of getting one cross ur mind  trust me 
yoooo omg my grandmom is jamming to <propfirst> <propfirst>! lmao
yo this egg nog is hittin  smile 
happy new year everybody!!!!!!!!
what the bible say?
yo i cant stand kids with no home training   where is their owner?
"needs some more of that egg nog  i kno \egg nog\"" season is over but my mom made some """
this is a shame i only know one person number by heart smh 
this nigga but to get cussed out for real   eatin all loud n my ear!!!!! he really knos how to work my nerve
soooo bored
gettin off this computer for now
i wish i could tie up u up in my shoes    
yoooo i miss middle school   good dayz!!!!!!
hungry   wat do we have to eat?
listening to <propmale> go hard!
that was mad fun!
got the itis like a mug!!!!
"lmao ok i just saw the \booty pop\"" commercial  wth they make your butt look hard and fake ok   it kinda grossed me out """
that was the quickest banana puddin i've ever made
omg i am getting old  im done dancing for the day 
"its funny how ridiculousy childish people can be  like, what are you trying to prove? whatever it is, prove it to someone else cause your wasting your time and working on my last nerve "
"i pray for you more than myself  seeing you hurt breaks my heart in a million pieces  when ur eyes becomes full of tears, a wave pours from mine  i feel you deep in my soul no matter how far away you are  you will always be apart of me   and something is still missing "
lets see if how well i can tell this story     
"coke, by itself, is not all that good"
is mad bored 
today turned out to be a gret day      praise ye the lord!!!!!
why does it feel like i have boulder resting on my chest?
"all i wanna do is eat, eat, eat"
"first it was the guy in ihop on sunday, now this fool  what is it with people thinking this patch of nappy, blond hair on the side of their head's are cute?"
why are we still fighting the lies that there is no hope for us? we both know there's still something there   we just have to face it head on 
"i want some banana pudding, peach cobbler, vanilla bean ice cream and alot of it too "
these two people are really giving me something to do  lol
"i like kids dont get me wrong   but when there are four \busy bees\"" i develop a strong dislike for them """
last night with my girl tianah andrews reminded me of the good ol' dayz   tonight is about me and my fam   well at least until 10      
is l-o-v-i-n-g <propfemale>'s new joint    under construction!
"\you got me under construction      brick by brick   \"" this song was definitely for us """
happy birthday to me!!!!!!!!!!! yay
"trust in a relationship is so easily lost but so hard to rebuild but we're doing it   we got a long road ahead of us, but i'm strong and so are they "
"is thanking everyone for the birthday love   it was great, especially the end of it  laugh    but most importantly i must thank the father for allowing me to live another year "
"i am not waiting up for her  she needs to hurry up cause i just and i am getting the \itis\"" like crazy    """
watching <propfemale> girls and trying to straighten up   
"i want some food   some unhealthy, heart attack giving, deep fried in crisco, smothered in gravy, double <propfemale> giving, deliciously comforting soul food   with a pan of banana pudding-homemade, i dont do instant!"
o how i love my #1 bff
<propfemale> or beyonce?
like are they serious? people still doing drivebys  wft this aint compton
t g i t  lol   one more day left!
"if you sugarcoat everything to a person they will never taste the bitterness of their breathe in the morning  keep it real! if they effin up, let them know   tell them to get themselves together  all that \awww boo boo it'll be fine   \"" stop! thats not solving anything  real friends dont bite their tongues even if it hurts    honesty really is the best policy """
everything is just fine!!!!!! feels good 
oooook <propmale> is now on the top of my list   this has been a long time coming
ugh i am sooo sick of turkey wings if i hear anything else about a damn turkey wing i am going to snap  im too young to be eatin old folks foods every night 
the good news just keeps rolling in 
"dont you hate it when u wanna wear something but dont know what happened to it between the other day, when u saw it in the closet, and now? smh now what am i to wear?"
"\paint the perfect picture  bring to life the vision in one's mind  the beautiful ones always smash the picture   always everytime\"""""
i am really hooked on <propmale> right now    what is going on?
i'm up and not its time to work!
"time to get this work done for my \boss\"" lol"""
from one job to the next   i need a nap
needs to go to sleep but my mind keeps going back to how great my day was  laugh 
its such a beautiful day out  too bad i won't be able to enjoy it 
throughout the twelve years of living in this house we've never use the bar for anything other than storage   i come home today and my basement look like buttaz! whats going on here?
people run their mouths like they run track and are never right   get all the details first  damn!
ugh i dont know what to write  what in the world is wrong with me?
"i must say, <propfemale> is an absolute bitch  thats what happens when you stab your friends in the back then treat them like a throw rug, homeboi  i dont feel an once of sympathy for you  you got what you put out  the funny thing is i knew it would happen "
just woke up from a lil nap 
on my way to this parking lot for 8 whole hours    yay me   lol right 
putting the final touches on my idontknowat2callem's paper   
ok so its like this   i dont think we're the same <propfemale> 
two whole dayz without seeing my yog  good thing my schedule was fixed today!!!
doing some birthday shoppin   he is not going to see this one coming!
"i do what i do because i love you  relax, everything is gonna work out just fine   trust me "
is on his way to work    
"so i just came home from work and there she is, drunk and beggin me to bop   like what am i to do?"
is mad bored yo!
"trust is our biggest issue, once we build that up we'll be alllllright       "
i want a yorkshire terrier but i was told i cant have one   and i was gonna name him prince   man!
through it all i will always be there for you no matter what happens 
ugh so much on the mind i need to go to sleep like now
ok so am i the only who was not feed tonight? like i could've stayed home   
is watching <propfemale> girls 
i hate getting up at 4 cuz i dont go to sleep until 3 
sardines and saltines    i must be hungry
"ugh i missed church, it was ok tho meet some  interesting people and did some networking, guess looks do get you places after all lol"
"listening to \the beautiful ones\"" by <propmale>    """
"i'm goin, i'm goin, im gone   and hes out of here   o btw i need my keys back so you cant get back in!"
yay i found one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"they're talkin football   greg and i are in the corner chillin, he givin his lil input lol   ahhhh this place! gotta love it!"
my hearts at a low  i'm so hard to manage  i think you should know that i've been damaged    ugh i eefin love tlc
you just don't wear boots with shorts   i don't case he they are polo
ugh i just can't wait    any one have 1k they can give me   key word give  this won't be a <propfemale> 
i swear satan just waits for you at the foot of your bed so he can start his mess   but god is still good and i will continue to pray worship and trust in him 
what is <propmale> <propmale>'s phone number?
yeeesssss keep offering me this overtime     cuz i'ma keep takin it  thank you!
awww even tho i'm here for 16 hours it doesn't seem that bad since i have company
good morning all and what a great morning it is! ahhhh    
has cleansed himself of all that is of my past     relationships   
i am freaking starving
listening the clarks    good morning fb
scrapple egg and cheese on a crescent    
off to the second shift
is sitting in this booth going crazy  who wants to keep me company til i get off?
has the best relationship    with god 
so what is it called when guy does drag but he does it has a guy   like beyonce and <propfemale> fierce? is that even considered drag?
damn i almost forgot    and i was so ready to in home 
in thy holy will    
is starving   i can't leave my booth  i need food like now! ugh
like wtf i'm running on e  if i don't get some food in me i don't think i'll make it home 
" smile  good morning facebook   listen if you aren't a good friend, you probably know it already  don't get mad when your true friends push you to the side and befriend new ppl or start chillin with ppl who rank higher than you on the friendship scale  what do your friendships means to you?"
"sitting here waiting for 1 to get here so i can leave and go to rehearsal  after that, make last nights dream a reality   i'm ready (in my <propmale> songz voice lol)"
you're right! i can't pray for you      you're not saved  however i will pray that god does save you!
ima start throwin shade     
yo i'm sooooooooooooo gettin a ipad  i think i'm in love lol
i'm late i'm late    i'm really running late
yesssss ulexis cossie   now thats ssaangin! we were good today    
"wow for once i went to bed early  now i'm up, well rested, and listening to <propfemale> <propfemale>"
just had an epiphany   time to change it up again
smh why do i like the <propfemale> silverman program? i usually hate stuff like this    
"is wondering why would they them \insomnia cookies\""? sounds suspicious to me   they probably good too lol"""
white ppl sorry upper class white ppl really kill me  like your cash flow don't mean shit to me   you are not special 
omg i locked myself out the booth
"i don't consider <propfemale> and cece's music gospel more so love songs  when do they ever acknowledge god? furthermore, you didn't find christ cuz you weren't looking for him  he found you  you were not banging on his door he was knocking at yours  okay?"
yo i thank god for bible study and study of the living word 
ooooo ms  celie i feel like sanging     
hey who wants to keep me company?
"she really think i dumb  you're not gon just fast talk me and think i'ma just go with it   i'm not changing anything and your're not getting anything    niggas! i tell you, man "
awww    stop you trying too hard   its the lil things that impress me like the way you see things   
morning folks   blueberry coffee just might be a new fav   i don't know yet
now how old is <propfirst> <propmale>? to old to be getting his seventh divorce  like are they serious?
"is crazy full right now and i didn't even finish my food   here comes the \itis\"""""
come on man       
and its all good   got alot of confirmation tonight between church and the car   whoa
that was one hell of a sandwich 
i don't know these frappes from mcdonalds might be better than starbucks 
pepperoni and mushroom pizza and kill bill   feels like friday already
friday is here   the sooner they leave the better
"<propmale> shrier, owner of the <propfemale> owls, is one rude you-know-what  i'm just doing my job homeboi "
lord jesus thank you for the heat but uhh i wasn't e playful ecting it to be so hot   
i'm definitely gettin my license this summer cuz i'll be doggon'
i can stand on my front steps and see a better fight than this   where's <propmale> and whats his face?
i was not impressed   that fight was horrible
is a <propmale> disappointed       no i'm really disappointed 
i do what i do because i love you  making you happy makes me happy  smh
this lil girl is in this store cursing this lady out for no reason funny thing is the lady is smilin each time the girl eats more food  lol special sauce lol
good morning people   why is this lady sitting here telling me about her period?! like 4real tho miss
how the hell you call somebody to come pick you up and get mad at em cuz you gotta work a block to meet em? u got it all twisted homegirl 
ugh my first gray hair
good morning facebookers i pray yall have as much as a good day as i   love ya!
lord they takin my sundays from me!
is bored   somebody please call or text me!
i don't mind babies making noise on the bus  but you can do something to comfort her 
65 yrs old with a facebook   you have a hard time trying to turn the computer on  how you gon do this?
sooo umm what does that mean?
off to work i go
ugh monday is near back to the grinding stone  did the weekend even come?
good morning everyone
lol why is this lil boy standing here talking bout how he got fish-face   with a full <propfemale>  you look like trout homeboi ctfu
is bored  i want some company
this old hexyins
this old man on the 23 just picked up a wallet that had fell out some girls pocket and instead of giving it back he goes thro it and keeps it   old ass niggas!
someone i knew in high school is wanted for killin a 67 year old man over an argument he's 17 and i whole dumb ass
chinese or caribbean    maybe a gyro  help me out 
prayer still works yall!!!!!!!
had mad fun with my man <propmale> browne and saboor fahkir-warren now its time for my <propfemale> girls!
ugh i hate doing incident reports
awww <propfemale>'s all empty now 
omg why this grown ass lady got this booth smelling like all types of dog [beep] like wtf
"if i hear \my lord\"" one more time    """
yo that was the most interesting train ride ever   full of drunk white college kids  there's nothing like it 
from broad to 3rd the lightening was flashing and the thunder rolled but it didn't start raining until i got on my front porch  nothing but god
at the bus stop looking at these addicts arguing about whose gon buy the crack and where they gon do it at   sad
this his nice a lil reunion in the basement   the whole linton street gang now where <propfemale> and <propfemale>?
i wasted all that time looking for something that was standing rite in front of me
hates it when ppl start makin assumptions without going to the source first   i was not talking about my actual mother damn
fw: hi thank you for your help  smile 
"if this was the mid 1900's i would hop on a greyhound, leave my heart in philly and follow my dreams "
walking in a empty mall kind of makes you feel like your the last man on earth   mad wierd 
i think i'ma get me a ticket i need a change of scenary 
so now what?
good mornin fb  i'm ready for today   i'm covered
is putting his friendships to the test   
i pray this works 
i always thought your friends were suppose to be there   my bestfriend ain't even there  well at least i thought he was 
good morning fb  all is well 
i hope we have a meeting soon cuz i'm so over this place 
so i'm in abington and these two white boys are tp'ing someones house  like wtf   now you can't help but call them nothing else but some  niggas 
can't wait three day weekend ahead   what to do? p-a-r-t-y!
this gyro is hittin!
omg why does this girl have me in condom kingdom lol
there comes a time where we grow up then there's when we grow the hell up  its time for me to grow the hell up  can't keep playin around 
"is sick of hearing \damn why you single? i know muafuckas be on your top!\"" listen when i cross paths with the right one my relationship status will surely change """
i'm bored!
"\he brought of out alive alive   i never shall forget what he's done for me \"" y is this song stuck in my head?"""
come let us worship the lord and the beauty of his holiness   i want to sing that song today   umm bishop ross    lol
who cookin out?
is watchin robocop 2  so you mean to tell me that this lil ass boy is on the most wanted list and shooting a machine gun  and this is someone's favorite movie!
at the lakes  found myself a cookout lol
i feel so uncomfortable   i'm out 
omg the smell of my place is seeping through the walls into the hallway   it smell so good in here 
i really fucked up this time  i pray this isn't the end 
i need to get away
i need to invest in digital camera asap   next pay definitely
is at broad and girard waitin for 15 so i can go home 
just found out i'm going to nyc on the 27th   someone needs to go shopping 
omg what the hell did i eat   
damn it straight to hell  my black shoes are still wet  good morning fb
this is some ol' bull$#!+  like there are no cars coming thro here 
y would you ask me where the closest supermarket is when we're standing right in front of fresh grocer? what you really wanna ask me?
we should protest septa  they talking bout $39 for a weekly transpass  they must be out they rabbit ass mind 
omg am i peeing every 5 <propfemale> 
what a great morning we have been blessed with  i'm sorry but i feel running a marathon lol  may god continue to bless you throughout the day  love ya!  smile 
this is sooo not my job  i am not apart of <propfemale> police 
ignorance is the night of the mind  a night without <propfemale> nor <propfemale> with no sight of sunrise  therefore the ignorant one who lacks the fulfilling spirit of god will often be blinded by the son that shines thro us  however those who live by the spirit never witness the darkness of the night cause he positions the <propfemale>s and <propfemale> inorder for us to get thro the trying times of the night 
starving
i can't stand hos like you letting the whole world hit  and you real proud of it 
like my hips are double jointed  my walk is natural so stop tryna imitate it cuz you'll break something 
i feel like sanging <propfemale>
so i'm watching the marriage (i can't spell rite now lol) anyway its a tp play and its amazing how he got the concept of what marriage is  thank god for my pastor 
i don't care who i'm with my first love will always be just that  and probably my last   
y do ppl play games with the heart  like be real with your shit and let me know up front cuz i'm not a mind reader 
where the hell is pintos 
your true colors are showing honey    and it doesnt corrdinate
a heart is like a gun   you shouldn't play with it someone might get hurt if not killed  and its trigger has a mind of its own 
church folk and gay men throw the most damn shade its ridiculous 
ok two can play this game   i'm going out   
woke up on time but had a <propmale> distraction now i'm mad late 
whose report do you believe?
friday saturday and early sunday morning   and it was all good  i need my rest tho
lord jesus only you know    
"the unsaved always justifyin what they do with \well god forgives all\""   how wrong are you """
omg the trolley lost power like wtf  ugh its always something  good morning ya'll 
for the first time in a year i'm writing again   and what a topic! now if i could only get back into designing these clothes i'll be alright 
trying to figure out a way to lift someones spirits without making a stop to wine and spirits 
sweet
i'm bout to add your name to my vocabulary   
omg y is deacon mosley tryin to lead pass me not lol this too much for me
last night i had a dream and was put to the test! would you die for the faith or sale out and take the <propfirst> to feed your kids? now thats the hardest decision of your life! good morning folks!
is she wearing a bra?
this nigga must think i'm stupid 
part of me wants you part of me don't part of me is missing you part of me is gone   cuz when i think about you its bittersweet
the tings folks do with bananas
is tryna do the right thing and leave you alone but i dont know    
you made me an instrument of praise  to god be the <propfemale>!
at the hospital with my mother
omg hospital ice is the best ice 
o my gosh   
i really need to stop comin here
in order to become an adult we have to let the foolishness of our childhood go and cleanse ourselves of what held us back for so long 
it would rain well i was downtown now wouldn't it  least i'm not as wet as others i saw 
off to work i go        
is at work stealing all types of internet     gotta love wifi
who up
yo i am loving lil <propmale> right now lol    
o hell no! why this stank ass nigga chose to sit next to me on the trolley    there's like 32 available sits  and i got the window sit  its too damn hot 4 this
watchin <propfemale> in wonderland     does <propfemale> hathaway has to walk like that  but i can't talk lol
back to work
whoa i was feeling myself a lil tooo much     lol o well
this girl betsta be here @ 6am cuz i'm ready to clock out go home to rest
omg i'm watching the bet awards red carpet and <propmale> songz's mother is beautiful     
yes t i !!!!!!!!!!
lol <propfirst> burrell! leave it to her to make a secular song into something holy
the heart want what the heart want  there's nothing we do about that
see baby it really ain't a big deal  i mean you're nice and all but if i met them when i met you they definitely would've got the phone call    
i hate being the bad guy ugh!!!!!!!!!!!
damn it straight to hell
there is nothing like clean chinese food lol
its not want you see that makes a person who they are but what lies beneathe 
"\she don't have to know\"" by <propfirst> legend    great song lol  wink """
"so i'm on the l, its crowded, and this nasty ass white couple are making out  i'm all for pda nowdays but where is the self-control like now "
"\sure looks good to me\"" by <propfemale> keys  another great song """
this feels good 
its such a <propfemale> day yet there is so much damn shade at this cookout     lol i love queens lol
yesterday was quite interesting!!!!!!!
"good morning world! well i'm in a ultra good mood, hope you are  have a great day  love you all  laugh "
on my way home to pass out    i'm so tired  catch up with y'all later
damn i swore i was on time
is it suppose rain
watching the sex room video again and ooooooooooooomg lol
"i really hate it when artist lipsync at a \live\"" performance"""
ummmm yea now i'm mad
i need a second job  who's hiring?
just left my grandmom party and omg did i have a great time lmao  now i'm at ihop with <propfemale> 
just thinking about what those kids did to that white man on the bus makes me wanna cry 
you're so oblivious to whats really going on  its me you should be worried about    i feel so bad  wink 
love is in the air      
an hour left then off to be with my baby!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
yo i'm up and out extra early
its not what comes out your mouth that's makes it dirty its what goes in it and i    sorry i don't do that lol  wink 
if she calls my phone to tell me about something that i knew about since yesterday or to see how i'm making out once more i am going to tell her about herself
sitting here thinking about last night and what she said about my umbrella   crazy lol
ugh my head is killing me    
praise ye the lord!!!!!!! i am so ready for church!
had a great time at the diner with my peoples 
i'm sorry <propfirst> brown but i don't want anyone following me like twitter  that's mad ground for potential stalkers   
i hope this rain stops by 11
"it read: \a new relationship is about to <propfemale>  you will be blessed \"" i didn't need a fortune cookie to tell me that  with who would've been of great help!"""
call me what you want but my mind is made up  i'm just counting down the days so i can start cutting niggas down like trees in the amazon
seven stars and a charmbracelet
yes!!!!  this drunk ass nigga finally left my lot tryna get at me lmao  i'ma need a bodygraud goin home 
had the best time last night!!!!!! now i'm feeling every bit of it     
i walk to the beat of a different drum 
soon and every soon
can't wait to get my break   
"yo! this girl is really doing her job   she better work lol  meanwhile, i'm enjoying the fact that there aren't any customers coming "
so i'm waiting for the sub and this one guy is going off  he mad about something  and every nigga down here looking and listening  smh lol
this was such a waste of a saturday  i could went shopping like i wanted 
i knew that was going to happen i can't be mad though considering the circumstances 
this nigga trippin mad hard   
ima be nice and wait til she done then read her so well i could write a paper on it  lol she is really tryna read me  let the session begin     
"so we went out for breakfast early this morning and this oldhead gave us his \blessings\"" lol  like we're not even together we were just hungry"""
strange fruit-billie holiday
bored hit me up
and back out the door i go   let the fun begin
<propfirst>'s on broad and <propfirst> b i'm there
am i that mean?  i don't think so
ugh i left my charger at work 
"so you get other people for the doing the very same thing you're doing yourself    and you could \almost be a saint\""?lol  nigga please!"""
having the time of my life and i own it 
i really don't feel like going to work
i hate uniforms
now you would think that with all the food i've been eating that i would gain a few pounds  people would kill for my metabolism   i want some meat on my bones!!!!
im with the other browne and i love it 
"\we just got in the house   wtf make you think i wanna go to anyone's diner? you better eat those chips and swallow your spit to wash that shit down     \"" that's what i really wanted to say but i'm hungry too so let's go """
"last night was crazy enough  being rescued then carried out the club like <propfirst> in the bodyguard  smile  naw i'm straight my \knight in shining armor\"" might not be there to save my ass this time  my ass staying in the house tonight    \""farmer's\"" orders"""
im so sweet and innocent   bullshit! nowadays never underestimate me 
so hungry
this nigga has grass
im sooooo in love  laugh 
woke up this morning with a smile on my face   even tho my phone is dead 
<propfemale> vu!  i wonder what's going to happen today  wink 
a hour and 45 minutes left please hurry up
you had me at hello   when you walked into that room you had me at hello hello helloooo 
what is taking this trolley so long to get here like really
closed minds will never know because never open the door to let anything in  weak minds never understand cause they aren't strong enough to <propfemale> the truth 
beginning to see the world in a whole new light  thanks
"\i like you alot but   \"" hmmmmm i guess   whatever that means"""
"\pick my friends like i pick my fruit  my father told me that as a youth   \"" grooving to the baduizm album """
i'm being quite selfish and insensitive smfh
i think some lightweight shopping is in order  smile 
two more days and zanai is all mine  can't wait  laugh 
getting my hair done for this party tomorrow  i love reinventing myself  let's rock!!!!!!!!
friday!!!!!! you're finally here!!!!!!!
finally got a <propmale> to watch ru pauls drag u    night whatbi e playful ected  sad  i thought this was like charm school
we all want to be accepted in one way or another  some will do whatever it takes to be accepted by altering themselves  if you can't get down with me then we ain't getting down period
in my <propfemale> hill bag
tell him i need him  tell him i love him and it'll be alright 
let's do this
umm ok
they're all liars!
so sleeping? smh   right!
no you're not disappointed in me  you're disappoint because you weren't able to change me  in all truth your actually disappointed in yourself   not my problem 
lying to me only makes it easier for me to get the hell up and leave and not give a rats ass about your feelings when i do leave   and i'm not leaving alone 
i need to take my ass to sleep but i can't stop writing  o well red bull gives you wings right
"\me n u now naked \"" what the fuck is that? is this some new form of courtship i've never heard of? so disrespectful  i do have that much respect for myself  ignorant niggas!"""
yes!!!!!!! seph jones is back and i love it    i came a long way
i go to church because i love god and want to know more about him  i smoke weed cuz it gives me a greater appreciation and understanding of life; it takes me to another level   my high  so i guess that makes me a hypocrite right?
knowledge is infinite therefore it is infinitely flowing through me
<propmale> marley!!!!!!!
o god i love my people 
you hate me because what? cause i'm able to be who i am  pity and a shame
black are beautiful 
"my man is just that   a man  strong, black, and beautiful and i love it "
friends should know why they're friends  tell me y your friend if you can't remove yourself please! i don't like wasting time on people
get high as i high above the clouds on another level  that high! and stay there 
"\i wanna go high   so high\""  <propfemale> feat  balil-cosmic journey"""
we are beautiful because of who we all  the most gorgeous woman can be the ugliest bitch on earth
i'm in the business of construction not deconstruction 
"\one is the magic number\"" <propfemale> <propfirst>"""
"i'd rather lose everything being me than gain the world being what you want me to be, losing myself in the process"
"loves hearing: \i don't know who you are anymore \"" yes i know  i didn't know know who i was  i was too occupied following your social code of conduct  i followed my own now so get to know me  hello i'm <propmale> nice to finally meet you    """
one dutch left and nothing to fill it with smh
who up for a good blowing session?
get high and stay there
time to enter into my world of dreams and endless possibilities  gn my ppl
he's left too smh
wtf
he came home from work and went out to find them   awwwwww my hero  laugh 
"\i can't understand human curiosity was it good 4 u? was i what u wanted me 2 be? (controversy!) \""- ankh fyre"""
well she likes liked it i thought it'll nice of me  but only for 24hrs    maybe
"\cause he is the truth and he is so real and i love the way that he makes me feel  and if i am a reflection of him then i must be fly cause his light shines so bright\""- <propfemale>  <propfemale>"""
my world is so peaceful right now 
how beautiful peace is  everything is at ease  not even your thoughts wander  im at peace
im on the level right pass the <propfemale> 
not in the mood    
guess i'll be fashionably late as usual
coming down but soon i'll be back on my cloud
time to get lifted
"what a day! picnic, chilled with the auntie, then partied, now it time to enjoy some peace"
why hide the beautiful person you are?
"\all for one and one for all\""    naw i'm straight! i'd rather stand alone standing for something i believe in oppose to me foolishly following your self-liberating beliefs """
i wanna do bad things to you!!!!! yes true blood is finally on     im hype lmao
stewie is working that hat! and its cocked to the left lol
why can't i sleep?
i feel rather nice today   
this is what happens when you drink cheap wine   you irritate me with cheap drunk talk
"how you say \i keep it all in to look strong\""? cry  a man who keeps everything inside will eventually e playful lode from the burden he carries on his back  a refreshing comes with crying; it keeps you strong  holding on only makes you weaker as time goes on """
"why do we say \i wanna be like {whoever}\""? we should choose our words wisely  being like someone means creating a living replica of them and carrying out every characteristic they possess  every giltch and fawl  yall can keep that shit"""
"how can you choose life? i don't get it  life chose me  why would want to come into a world as deceptive,  corrupted, and ignorant as this one?"
i don't want followers just work with me so we can spread the word
i hate waiting
is enjoying his view right now   wink 
why is this nigga looking at me so hard? i mean damn 
so if you can't encourage yourself then what do you do when no one else is there to give you a little picker-upper? why do i need someone to come through me to pick my head 
"\if a lie gon get me through i'd rather not the truth  if the truth gon make me cry i'd rather just lie \"" i don't agree with that  tell me the truth no matter how harsh or hurtful  living a lie is living a life filled with constant lies   especially to yourself """
what did i do?
i'm life is like a good drama  i need to call hbo   logo definitely
whoa crazy dream! why was he crying so hard? something is wrong   
it was a good day  it was really nice  then dem niggas fucked it up   bitches!!! lmao
such a small world filled with small minded people  shame
my choice of words can seriously tear someone's spinal cord out because i don't argue   i smoothly tell whoever it is about themselves then kindly turn around and walk away with a smile on my face   very simple  meanwhile you leave them standing there looking and feel like shit  try it out 
needs an acting gig 
okay i'm back now   had a moment
"life is a tragedy for those who feel, a comedy for those who think "
"listening to <propfirst> <propfirst>    \i got a woman\"""""
i need a band and back up singers    and writers  let's make music
"\trust in me in all you do  have the faith i have in you    \"" <propfemale> <propfirst>"""
time to read these bitches  where are my glasses?
on the phone with a telemarketer and this nigga is telling me his entire life story   i'm not interested at all  why are you calling me?
you just lost one
"<propfemale> bailey-sherard!!!!!!! you feel like sangin cuz, \sista u been on my mind    \"" lol"""
<propfirst> holiday- come rain or come shine      
"why does everyone think i lack emotions? like, yes, i'm still human! smfh"
so we're at pelandding chillin and this fucking rat comes from nowhere  smh but sweet
time to take a nap    a much needed nap! gn fb
"i refuse to become a \crying drunk\""    """
fight it!!!!!!!!!!
"\my life is here    \"""""
true blood finally!!!!!!!!! omg what did i miss smh???
is loving the new girl!!!!!!!! lol
if you buy your clothes in an extra-small when you obviously wear a medium-large please stop!!!!! you make my shopping time much more difficult than it should be 
"try to play straight, how your whole style bent?"
why is it so damn hot? i don't get it 
loves his lil sis preddigirl tee
this dorky looking white guy is trying to <propmale> this black hood rat   funniest shit i've seen this far  ctfu
can't wait to get off work 
omg this heat!!!!!!!!!!!
i believed in what you said; keeping me among the dead  animal conditioning just to keep us as a slave but i'll get out    i got out 
"\macaroni\"" is getting bolder by the day smh"""
so i'm up early   very unusual
sexy underwear!
i hate taxis  i need a car badly 
if i have children society will hate them because they won't give into the social pressure of being accepted 
"\gotta find peace of mind\""-lauryn hill beautiful song"""
every time we submit our will too someone else's opinion a piece of us dies 
awwwwww dinner and a movie      laugh 
strawberries and cool whip  wink 
you make my desires pure 
"lately i've been getting alot of sugar and salt concerning my \dowm with social acceptance\""    what makes us real isn't the fact that we are seen or heard but the simple realization that we live our lives the way we choose that's keeping it real  we try some hard to be perfect when the truth is perfection doesn't exist so it's not real  everything has a fawl  stay real  one """
i want <propfemale> bradshaw's closet!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> thongs lol
yes i was in all those emotional states of mental instability; that was when i was constantly killing myself by submitting my will to cater to your views on how i should live  i no longer live my life in a closet  i came out a long time ago  i disagree 
so i have to wait another week for true blood?
"\my boyfriend is better than yours\"" bitch"""
i have domestic abuse defense legs? right lol
completely irked
so i'm off what is there to do?
"good morning love,\\don't let go  stay how we were, melted in the warm embrace of the love that we share  let's stay in this current state of mind, peace of mind  good morning love "
and it keeps getting better
"when people think you're crazy they will leave you the hell alone and life becomes so peaceful  so as far as yall know i'm a complete lunatic, ok "
slept my entire day away  now time to get make some music
then came you    
i refuse to sleep all day like yesterday  wake me up at 12   1 smile 0ish 
"we can't tell people about a life we've never lived  i share, with you, wisdom life has shared with me  it's a blessing to be so young and so wise "
help me please help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my mother-in-law     love her
thinking about taking up journalism  it feels right 
i see gay people!
at bar with my babe about flying high
in love park watching this homeless guy bath  such a sad sight but this is the reality of it all  we are too privileged and we take even the smallest things for granted 
we laugh at those who are so less fortunate than ourselves  if we look into the lives of others taking in all their pain we will be able to see just how quickly it could all vanish  stay grounded and real 
omg if i have to get out this bed one more time 
the victims of saw really kill themselves  there is always a way to get out physically unharmed
so you write me a song and can't remember how it goes smh  least i have the words  i can wing it 
the journey the heart takes you on is amazing  my travels have been every bit of a great e playful edition  like searching for atlantis    
can't sleep and mad bored smh
my world so peaceful  my thoughts are finally organized  i love late night writing!!!!!!!!!!
i still can't sleep omg what am i going through?
"so, wanted some more sleep"
"yesssssss gave to the \man\"" all over the steps of city hall  right on lol"""
wisdom is better than silver and gold 
i need some bucks 
ugh people nowadays are so immoral smh
this man has a hit out on me  smh it's really not that deep 
"i hate white walls, so    blah "
i love the way i choose my words  just listen to me   
he repeats himself  smh
just told this crazy bitch to sprinkle some strong dust pepper into her man food   what have i done 
i have no more crayons in my box   omg
i'm going to be a god father!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so effin happy to  laugh 
bored
had a blast with @<propfemale> bailey-sherard and zanai    and the cat d'_'b
rise and shine!!!!!!
silence can be the loudest things at the most important times 
i can't lose by telling the truth and you can't win by telling the truth  smh ugh i'm not in the mood 
job hunting         i need two
"\the recssion is over   \"" more lies i'm sure d'  'b"""
i have a plan   
work!!!!!
ok ms  <propfemale> you better get that man!!! this lady!
sexy
i hate using other peoples shit smh
"just want you around, just need you around "
"look into the eyes of the oppressed  see how depressed from the stress they caused, keeping them chained to a desk  smart in the head but without a degree he's dead  this corrupted system of education and labor  i will never work for the dead so consider me dead "
bout to go in
[pondering] can lust and love really coexist?
"i can't leave it alone    next up \textbook solutions\"" stay tuned"""
irked!!!!!!!!!!!! i need to get to a phone asap
ok now i'm straight
this time next year i will be in a brownstone 
"blasting mos def and the roots on a crowded \segregated\"" bus   and i'm the only one standing """
dante     go to sleep
"\early morning rising\"""""
"\i go through obstacles like a whole box of condoms\"""""
time to take off business
how often are you happy in your relationship?
it was a good day and it's about to be a grreeaatt night!!!!!!
"\ain't no birds gon slow me down\"" in my sound proof dimension """
"i love when people try to stereotype me  they can't cuz i'm not the typical \anything\"" """
"i've learned some very valuable life lessons and i've matured tremendously from them  it's time i, officially, move on to the next chapter in life   adulthood "
"\i give lots of shits\"" lmao"""
are we having a boy?
"i didn't choose to be a writer, the pen chose me "
is he serious? lol
good morning!!!!!!!!!
feeling secure now that i know the reason
zoned out
soooo sleepy   
hate it!!!! just hate it!!!! time to go (in my <propfemale> voice)
"that's see, who's online?"
wisdom does not come with age but through the eyes of the e playful erienced 
it reeks of cheap cologne 
people tell me the craziest things about themselves  i don't know your name but i know your entire life story  i don't think i'm going to have opened conversations anymore 
it's been 220 for the past half hour #iaintinthemood
just left chinatown i'm on my way
i wanna go back to sleep
when the rain falls it doesnt fall one mans house
i never knew love before then came you 
hitting the city    hope i don't melt 
yo <propfemale>? who the hell is <propfemale>! i am a boy <propmale> l<propfemale>o
<propmale> and <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!
writer's block  d'¬'b
now that's going green 
irked
at work    seven hours to go lets  lets see how this thing goes 
bored
soon and very soon
time to go!!!!!!!
the nastiest church juice ever 
"figures, story of my life  i should've kept my mouth shut  smh"
spaghetti!!!!!!!!!
what a day!
i'm angry because its 1am and i have on clothes 
got the itis like a country bama named <propmale> on thanksgiving  smh
when i get home me and my sealy postipedic are going to have one hell of an affair!!!!!!
i'm sure there are plenty of people who would just die for me to waltz them into a state of freedom that only they can obtain from within 
time to go
"omg i can't decide on what to wear,"
i need bucks!!!!!!
listening to fantasia
"in a realtionship is happiness, aside from love, enough? is it all about the smiles, blushed cheeks, and twinkling eyes? what is a relationship all about?   truly"
im bored  who feel like chatting
i love this cd!!!!!!
i wanna        wink 
ugh it never fails and tianah andrews logs out everytime  smh
good morning facebook   good night facebook  see you in the pm 
now what does this say about your character? smh
i so hated this computer right now 
irked niggas working on my nerve 
i feel rather nice
guess i did have time
i want a <propfemale> ale   
uuuggggghhhhh now i have to wake til i get home 
just another hour and i'm gone now its time to do my job for once
"how old are we?   exactly, get yall shit together! yall irking me! btw   good morning fb   smh #niggas"
fantasia take me home girl!!!!!! time to go!!!!!!
what do you put n you oodles of noodles?
"\wait wait    \"""""
"move on baby, come and get this love "
it is not your kids fault they have no home training so i'ma slap the shit out of you cause they should know better 
he's lying smh
doing some much needed cleaning 
"all this love, yes, it yours  more need to your perfect  say the word, if i make a wrong turn just give  me some direction "
and it feels like d'u'b
two months and i will be her son   
on the ihop menu  what you want?
making nothing into something     they will never know 
late and irked   
getting sick #iaintgottime
there are times     annoyed 
and i'm bored    thinking about growing my hair 
i know i'm wrong 
yo mc hammer just killed it!!!!!!
bored
need to get over this cold by next week  my voice is shot!!!!!!!
why are we having a entire conversation through fb chat and we're lying next to each other  bitch use your words verbally
"\i don't want to go to work [tonight]   i gotta get up   \""-jill <propfirst>"""
a nice <propfemale> would break this cold   vsop anyone?
ugh all these people please do not call me
and my pen is bleeding gracefully   
ugh an hour and some change left  i can not wait to get off work  wish quay <propfirst> didn't have class but #whateva (in my voice hood rat voice)    and sorry for shutting you down 
poppin these hallz like they mints
lmao this nigga has been reading me all over twitter  smh lol
"i don't wanna do shit but lay here, drink this tea, and have a conversation with m j "
i work wih the most confused individuals on earth   how hard is it to understand a schedule?
idiots
i am not in the mood for the bullshit #nottoday
lets have a #champagnechroniknightcap
"we live in a lie for one of two reasons: either we're afraid of the opinions of others or we are too ignorant to walk in the truth, conditioned to believe our feelings are sin  i thought the truth shall set us free "
feeling so much better
<propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\nobody else has that charm\"""""
catching up on my fantasia for real  work at 12 ugh
did this lil ass boy just throw me his shit so he wouldn't get arrested? fuck that nigga get your shit!
"so, whose next?"
both sides fried
ass
well that's done!
"chucks, ball shorts, a thermal, hoodie, and sunglasses   total butch <propfemale> right? smh"
needs to let go!
i made it!!!!!!
read between the lines 
what was i dreaming about?
dead like me
always something
these dreams i've been having lately are crazy weird 
late for work smh
"no, you got it all wrong! i'm a good boy who's good at being bad  0 smile "
"so if \eating ain't cheating\"" then what is it?"""
"the saying \you can't choose your family\"" is a total lie  family isn't defined by the bloodline you stem from but relationships that we build with people """
i want some banana pudding   the real kind no instant shit
yurp!!!!!
on the bus bored hit me up in the chat box      please!
so why this girl look like jovonnie?
im so sleepy right now but you will never by looking  btw i'm hungry who got me on those meal points
is having a gay ol' time  #noshade
i'm hungry but don't know what i want to get 
i'll be damned if we go backwards as a nation  go and vote!!!!!! keep democracy alive!!!!!!!!
"don't just tolerate me, that means you really don't accept me for who i am, you've just realized that i'm here and not going anywhere so you've learned to accept that  but, i want more than tolerance   "
just got back  soooo psyched!!!!!!!! such sarcasm
i jus oh so love tianah andrews & ayashe theelittleone <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!
can you pay my bills?
i wanna know what i'm getting    
its been way over an hour
waiting   
3 months     
last minute shit smh
watching the super <propfirst> bro  super show  and eating spaghetti
woody woodpecker!!!!!!!
i think i'm about to start shopping at baby gap
"\i've been missing a man's touch low these many months \"" i just love stewie lmfao"""
almost time to go home  hope this girl on time 
i guess i'll see ya next lifetime 
just woke up   time to start my day
i miss my yogi bear
in this body that i occupy i'll ask you questions that will make you cry  its very sinister in this land of mind 
getting my money right
damn just shit on my parade   some bff lmao
yo its like such a beautiful morning 
niggaz are always late!
ring with <propfemale>s not a <propfemale> ring   remember that
do i give you tevin campbell or <propmale> stephens?
he put something in this spaghetti #imsureofit 
whatever!
i need a camera
watching lost for the very first time  i'm always late smh
i guess i don't watch television because i'm too emotional 
hurry up
   skeletal and malnourished   
i am sooooo happy
"wait did we just share a \marriage\"" moment"""
t-mobile is trying it
sipping on some seagrams   
i'm stranded!!!!!!!
why is everyone reading <propfemale> minaj lmao
xena: warrior princess   hmph better than power rangers any day in my book
"there is a horrible looking that says \local to pattison station\"" with \""southbound\"" for reassurance  there is no reason for you to ask me if this train goes to pattison ave """
"my neice told me \don't trust them new niggas over there\""  wtf tell them again zanai lmao"""
what the hell are vegetarian eggs?
just woke up from the best nap now i'm eating some cream of wheat 
home
"guess its time for me to get up to prepare for this \reading session\"" """
he's on his way!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
going to work!!!! what a blast this'll be!!!!!!!!!
pass the peas like we used to do 
it takes a lot of courage to be yourself when the person you really are is the person a lot of motherfuckers have a problem with 
at work 
theres something about you
what shall i watch
o how i love giant!!!!!!!
for colored girls tonight!!!! can't wait
well congrats mr  <propfirst> <propfirst>  your movie is sold out  now i'm forced to watch paranormal activity 2  well done!!!!!
   and this is what you get   
so happy i can't hold it in
let's play a game   
bored
i dont like people
i love the way he smells
"\waddup ho\""   excuse you!!!!"""
why is everyone getting sick? not cool
i love tuesday's
who up? hit me up
time to gooooooo
this is going to be a good day  no matter what!!
"\if he hurts you i'll kill him!\""     """
sorry    if you would've gotten here a lil earlier you would've gotten these seats   sucks huh? lol
this girl and these damn sunflower seeds
                        
"\i got sorry at the front door  you can keep yours\""-jo \""red\"""""
my love is so wide you cant get around it 
bored   hit me up
"\we're not gonna pay last years rentttttttt   \"" right just paid this months"""
my imagination is one of a kind  the benefits of being a pisces
what do you really know about?
why these hoes in wawa so damn ghetto?
i see where smart water is so smart it tastes like dasani to me 
this is fun  idk y it just is  lmao
the games as old as time 
cup of noodles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"house clean, clothes washed, heads are done  time for the chicken <propmale> "
right right! cuz you already know  #<propmale>
y she jus give me <propmale> this lmao
"who the fuck are \us\"" and \""we\""?"""
and he's sleep now i'm bored
hit me up
"forgiveness is not for them, its yours "
dumb ass questions  #notimpressed ask me some real shit
"q: whats yours favorite sexual e playful erience?\\a: lol i am the e playful erience"
"q: voulez vous coucher avec moi ce soir \\a: ah no maybe some other time lol"
lying in the dark looking at the ceiling wondering when will my body decide to go to sleep
tis tis tis smh
inbox your questions all lines are open!!!  smile 
"q: if i jumped off a bridge would you jump to save me?\\a: if i jump trying to save your dumb ass, who gonna save my dumb ass? no, jump off a step and i'll be there "
"\king daddy dick\"" lmao"""
rldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldbrldb
"when in love, we open the doors of our heart to another allowing them to become one with you; y'all in love  but what if they never walk in? pull me in "
questions anyone?
just got off the phone with mommie dearst
thanks for the smile and blushes  smile 
guess im a beautiful idiot
i'm bored
this prime rib sandwich is fixin to do one thing
sick
follow me on twitter @dantsworld
"a big i love you to my fav ppl quay <propfirst>, <propfemale> bailey-sherard, <propfemale> stamps, preddipink' mamacita, <propfemale> <propfirst> hayes, and <propfirst> t  <propfirst>"
o and the bestie tianah andrews how could i forget? smh
#irked
that was good
woke up this morning with a smile on my face 
inspired
mormans!!!!!!!!!!!
soooo happy i just got the phone with my god mommy   laugh 
pandora is giving me everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"new places, new things, a new story in life  i'm all for it "
the problem is that the cup of noodles is downstairs and i don't feel like getting out my bed 
bored on a tuesday night with nothing to do  [sighs]
i need something to do tonight like asap
she loves him!!!! somebody's making #progress
"woke up and behold, snow "
guess whose coming to dinner?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
the latest of <propmale> smh
total 360
#tearingshitup
doing some research
what are they hiding?
15 minutes of sleep smh   only 3 people to blame
"damn textbook solutions! the dumbest nigga can get a $56,000 job over me because he holds a lil piece of paper with a degree  some ole bullshit if you ask me  is it even about the intelligence or capability and quality of one's work anymore or, more so, hiring employees with degrees make coorperate <propfemale> look more coorperate than it actually is? smh"
another married momment  gn fb  smile 
"\phone the president\""? what? lol"""
splitting headache like shit
question?
i heard this voice before 
"love me back, loud, let freedom reign, on pink friday"
i'll drink to that
"\i may be bad but i'm perfectly good at   \"" rihanna- s&m"""
damn already  he early
i did this shit two weeks ago smh
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo umm yea
these niggas were scared lmao
i am very impatient 
in rehearsal and i'm ready
christ was not born the last month of the year  we just celebrate during that time  it just sounds nice
my yesterday lifted a weight from my today 
want some soup
ok i'm bored and giving in  send me the <propfirst>!!!!!!
#29 i love the way you're coming into your own  ily ya sis
#26 i wish closer than we are
#56 sorry it didn't work out but u a cool dude
#1234 #yesssshoney lol with you its always tit for tat   this or that
#7 you aint scared of no bitch or nigga  you my hood-bitch lol
#66 my favorite lil sis always keeps it real ily
#10 what can i say? you've been with me through everything  you never changed and never stopped caring  ily
#20 did you catch contact? lol
426--remember your mom having a fit cuz i we walked through 13th st? lmao  but we been right there for each other since the 2nd grade  i proud to have you as my bestfriend and im sure itll stay that way  i wouldnt do anything different but we do need to talk more lol
i needed this
phone died
"\you do not write the way you talk\""-monique branch     took my writing to the nexr level   thank you"""
"\pop that pussy and shake that ass\"" \",367b laugh a0f4aa2c318b27e4e390669053,can you realistically e playful ect the world to understand the relationship between two people?
what am i wearing today
i absolutely love fruit roll-ups
thinking about the conversation i had with my mother earlier  she put everything in prespective 
"\heyyyy boo-booooo\""  smile  memories"""
whose you god 
d'_'b    bored
"they don't get the meaning, just the money  they commerialized and rearranged  lied and stole  killed and destroyed  using something of such importance to millions of people to pay their collectors "
the writings on the wall
bored
"\ur a reformed whore who may have a relapse   \"""""
follow me on twitter @reformed_ink
over it so i'm checking out until further notice
bored and feel like talking  hit me up
they cover up their fuck ups and condition us to believe it to be true 
"no stems, no seeds"
where ever i move ima need a nice size garden  ill save sooo much money    and make some
i feel like talking
changed everything about my music
once we've learned our lessons we'll be able to live
bored o_0
i think my phone is off  o well internet still works 
guess not lol
i may not have kids but i do know there's more to raising one than just taking care of them  what are you teaching them? what wisdom are you passing on to them? our kids will not be fools of the world 
damn phone off and staying that way until the 7th  oh well internet still work 
o btw gm fb
glad nobody was behind me lmao
"grandma, why do you have california <propmale> on your spice rack?"
this is going to be great!!!!!!!!  smile 
snow is evil
yooo i need to eat 
i shouldn't be bored   
you know what really grinds my gears? leaving tax payers to dig their way out while plows are sent out to clear out a damn parking lot  at least they have priorities   
bored
where is the <propfemale> i knew as a child?
glee!!!!!!!!
and i smile everytime
i am sooooo madly in love with my boyfriend   he deserves a foot rub with my tongue
quay <propfirst> is an idiot and preddipink' mamacita and <propfemale> <propmale> should be slapped for thinkin im putting my tongue on anybodies fuking feet
all done
im definitely getting a cut
we finally #fuckedup a meal smdh
he is going off lmfao
damn moochie
i said the po-pos gon b knockin at yo doo doo lmao
can you say high?
how you driving a taxi and dont know where shit at?
cuz im from #thehood lol
why is this butch <propfemale> giving me so much?
if you wanna instill social justice in your children why not raise them where social justice is the most corrupt 
"just woke up from a much needed nap  but i had mad fun this weekend, can't wait to do it again  smile "
"everyday when you're walking down the street and everybody that you meet has an original point of veiw  and i say hey,  what a wonderful kind of day   "
i love this phone
"\you gon believe them over me?\"" shut up nigga lol"""
got the number changed hit me up if you want it
just perfect damn screen cracked
time to start cooking
i need some new friends my social life sucks like a $2 hooker
what ever happened to sars?
for that to be my first time that was damn good
this girl about to tear these white girls a new one
"what the fuck is this shit here, family reunion on the bus?"
dinka-what?
disgusted
feeling it
ok i'm feeling it lol
camden smh y'all gon show y'all ass   and that's the shade
love these #extenzecommercial s
its always the ugly ones
i may not have a ton of friends but i have five of the most beautiful friends i could ask for and i wouldn't trade them for anything
the past two days have been the best
"you know i get the whole \the world don't need to know my business\"" theory however there's a difference between keeping your business just that and lying about who you are  #notcool"""
people make me sick  there's too much shit going on to be worried about if your next door neighbor pockets are as empty as yours are 
i don't have time for the bullshit so keep it  get at me after you wipe your ass 
i how these kids don't think they're going over with these snow days and delays     it don't snow in june and by time they make up these days july gon be damn near over 
i feel like going out tonight   something simple just chill
"wednesday i only ate lunch, yesterday a medium soup from wawa, haven't ate anything yet and i'm not hungry  like wtf i don't even get the munchies anymore  i know i need a to eat but i'm forcing myself "
let's start a movement
yessss i'm eating!!!!!!!!!
yo these are the best fucking frutty peebles i've ever had
now i can't sleep smh
ugh where is sister honeycomb? i need sister honeycomb
"chrishaunda\\oprah's niece"
yesssssss ms  <propfemale> lmao
ard barack i'm listening  say what you have to say 
don't judge me
so this car just got stuck in the drive way  i wanna laugh but that'll be rude  right?
i hate labels
all these fucking seeds
on the job market and caught a sale 
my eyelashes are real  yours are as glued on as that shit on your head #tackylookingbitches
i need some #shoutingmusic bad
if you run out of ideas call me 
very low tolerance today    
omg i can smell everything and its making me sicker than i was 
"submit the truth, leave the deception of thy youth"
the wicked find me guilty but jehovah will prove my innocence 
dying on the outside so the person on the inside can live
we really shouldn't #talkshit cuz we all go thro shit and the #shittalkers who talk the most shit be the ones with the most shit #oneply
just saw my future and i know how im getting there 
this winter shit needs to stop like yesterday
"watching the fresh <propmale> of bel-air, the old <propfemale> was the shit  the light skinned one was too \bel-air\"""""
"so i'm starting a magazine, what do y'all wanna see that y'all aren't getting from other magazines? all ideas are welcomed "
"when your life is spent living up to the e playful ectations of others you loss sight of your own  its your life, outside standards will only trap you in a box and prevent you from living up to your full potential "
we put so much emphasis on material things that we loss sight of whats really important in life 
sing children
i love classical music
an independent country that teaches it inhabitants to depend on its government  where's the independence?
"we preach tolerance, love, and equality however in that same spirit spit at the man whose heels are higher than yours "
if we focus more on the spirit within we won't have to focus on the spirits around us   everything will reveal itself
"will you be able to survive if the earth, somehow, returned to it's natural state?"
the spirit of freedom was lost within the walls of the authority
now i feel like a lil video chat   
how can we praise a friend then shoot that same friend down because he has a different point of view 
you win now not realizing that by winning that lost your guaranteed to loss in the end 
"my mom don't want \no dirt\"""""
i dont know why these lil boys think they be inventing shit  ain't nothing new under the sun homeboi smdh
almost there   
"the mind is like a garden, sometimes it's not ready to be planted with the seed of truth "
these people   
"to have knowledge, you must first have reverence for the lord  stupid people have no respect for wisdom and refuse to learn  http annoyed  bible us prov1 7 gntd"
delete
"to have knowledge, you must first have reverence for the lord  stupid people have no respect for wisdom and refuse to learn  http annoyed  bible us prov1 7 gnt"
everywhere i go it's some attention seeking bitch sit down
thristy camden jawns
now that's black talent for your ass
like are we extinct?
so your mad cuz some dirty ass lil boy was talking shit about you jacket? i guess that makes sense   
ok now i'm ready
ok todays going to be a really good day!!!!!!!!!!!!! = d
be grateful-walter hawkins
lol awe <propfemale>
so is this like the gay section of the bus?
re:5
re surprise 
re:9
re:7
i wanna share my outfit with the world  only me    
"all i wanna do is write, past on the wisdom i've been given, and be free "
how can i be free if i must over up the <propfemale> of my soul 
"funniest thing: woke up, showered, dressed, and everything that comes with that  looked at my phone   \gtfoh it's only saturday  hype for church lol   well least i know what i'm wearing """
today is going to be a good day
ooooo they're high waisted   
going to long island drive
yay my nephew godson  is finally here
i often wonder how different my life would be if we'd never met   
who knows   who cares   who knew   
"ego is a manner of arrogance and complacency  if a person always insists on his or her thinking, preference and habit, does not compromise comparatively with anyone, his or her ego is rather serious "
you are the subgroups of yourself
-quay anthony   sorry
"good morning peoples  the average person has a new thought every five minutes  so if that's the case, what are we thinking about and how are we incorporating our thoughts, questions, and ideas into our daily lives? how do we benefit from these ideas, if we even have  how are you acting on them? see my point?"
we work good under pressure and come out dressed in silver and gold 
3hrs left
"had a wonderful time today  just wanna thank everyone who came out, it meant alot"
"hey guys political chic is now up and running so check it out like now!!!! like really this my baby   \\http annoyed  www openzine com aspx publisherzine aspx?id=41865&issueid=17673"
yessss sista souljah
#birthdayhigh
thanks everyone for all the birthday love  i love you all! muah
kiss
"you can't be gay in a alley way, they say it's not safe, sorry k   "
my love is too me to be thrown back in my face 
i understand the game   
"with his mind free from the inflow of thoughts and from restlessness, by abandoning both good and evil, an alert man knows no fear "
rise and shine
ine playful erienced people die because they reject wisdom  stupid people are destroyed by their own lack of concern 
fashionably diversed
these niggas suspect
she a lil too comfortable
i can't give you things of material but what i can offer will stay with you forever 
she always got something to say  shut up hoe
"#wakenbake change is a natural part life  who wakes up and can say i'm the exact same person i was last year? anything that doesn't change is dead and anything dead can't grow  so we better be changing mentally, spiritually, emotionally, and intellectually   growing"
let me count the ways
how can you make a decision blindly? remove the vail then walk through the door 
tea anyone?
crazysexycool
i got this- <propfemale> hudson
"erase, replace, embrace new face"
i didn't lose the game i just stopped playing  that's what happens when you get a man  #sorryk
i wanna go back to sleep
i wanna start my day off with some new music  what should i get?
"good mornings, good mornings, good mornings  happy march 29th"
that was some god given sleep
eliminating all impurities
omg tianah andrews i'm so embrassassed lmao
"what the fuck is inappropriate? just because you don't like that i ask truthful questions, you take it personal and say i'm being inappropriate and disrespectful  well now, when did being truthful become disrespectful? #deception"
"hey go check out the newest issue of my magazine political chic!!!!!!!!!! it's worth the hype lol\\http annoyed  www openzine com aspx publisherzine aspx?id=41865&issueid=19917"
damn cat bagging her head against the floor      
#singing come on in the room
hmph seems i don't have every <propmale> album he ever made      
"know what i want? two belgium waffles w  fresh blueberries-no syrup, an omelet w  bacon, onions, ham, <propfemale> peppers, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, and mushrooms with a dash of hot sauce, some scrapple, home fries with heinz ketchup, a nice green tea latte, and some sliced mangos    "
"two moms, complete opposites, two totally different relationships, but they love me all the same  i'm so blessed  laugh "
"big man knocked out, lil man went back to sleep   now what?"
last day with lil man  sad 
sooooo tell me what you want what you really really want   
need a good movie to watch    
"this storm will not soak me in sorrow, pity, nor stress  i got my umbrella so i'll never get wet bitch"
"#randomthought what if god isn't just a spiritual deity but the earth as a whole  it supplies all our needs, knows all, see's all, creates all, can kill all, controls all except the actions of humanity who depends on it  just a thought   "
ok time to work
i may be bad but i'm perfectly good at it 
hungry
rain + my hair = problem
"so lilith and <propfirst> were both created from the ground, equality, but <propfirst> had the idea of her being submissive so she left  \if god made us equal why should i submit\"" i can dig it  so god made <propfemale> from <propfirst> so man could rule over all things women included  story has it that lilith refused to return to earth and now causes affliction on 100 offsprings of her ex and his second wife a day  i can dig that   like a shovel """
watching banned from the bible    very interesting
"never sleep, running out of thingssss to do, bored and full of energy, story of my life smh"
there's something about writing by hand  it just feels right   like writing   #typotypin
i really want to release the new cover of political chic      
nope
working    
pillow! mattress! sleep! how y'all been     finally going to bed ttyl
never put all your money in one bank   lesson learned 
so here's a question folks!! who's going to do my hair? hmph
sooooo what's the plan?
mind ya business
why is this white girl spitting like this wtf
it was fun until it wasn't
selah
and he came
"because i'm quiet you think i'm oblivious to the deception you convey to be reality  well, sorry i'm mute but my ears tell your lying and my eyes see through to truth "
how bored am i         ?
the rhythm of the world tires me   
"the newest issue of the most breathtaking magazine political chic!!!!\\http annoyed  www openzine com aspx publisherzine aspx?id=41865&issueid=20187"
i really hope no one sits next to me   
wish me luck y'all!!!!!
"allowing god to work through me enables me to come from behind my own insecurities and confront the world  i find that the less i focus on myself and what other people may think or say, the more i can be used to spread a message beneficial to the spiritual welfare of whole of humanity "
"\you make your <propfemale> pure   \"""""
i don't e playful ect to be justified by these laws of man
happy mothers day!!!!!!!!!!!!
they're just pissing on us without the courtesy of calling it rain 
"all this conspiracy, don't even buy it  cover ups got you dancing in the street  drugging them til they're dumb  til the day the man from the sea takes his sit while the man of the earth ejaculates from the seduction of a whore #babylon"
we know so much but don't know shit
like mad bored and feel like talking   
