90a5f1d0bd6d3499b8ae7863980eebc7
thanks to everyone who told me happy birthday  i 'preciate the sentiment 
"pms sucks, man "
so much homework to do this weekend!
mw2!
can't sleep  watching the green mile 
"just got mcdonald's, exercised two days in a row, and made a 95 on my calculus exam  feelin' good "
"sooo many things i want to do, but have neither the time nor the energy  and i'm only 18  sad "
feelin' like shit  time fo' bed 
kinda bummed  but i've decided on mw2 alll day 
beauty is pain!
"to whoever answered that question about me, i did cry once during the titanic "
ow 
emesis 
does anyone know    if you have to complete your detention the week it's assigned to you?
force unleashed?
"\you never called your penis a 'wiener'   that's a pretty good track record \"""""
"\   that shit wouldn't be continuously producing dragons \"" - <propfirst> <propfemale>"""
fuck you verizon!
"i prefer facebook to myspace, because here it seems the only people who add me are people i've actually heard of "
getting so much computer science done  hooray for spring break 
sooo bored 
"watched \teeth\"" for the first time last night  sooo good """
i hate you steam 
fulfill all your weeshes with my taco-flavored keesses
school  how unfortunate 
man 
<propmale> cruise is a fudge packer!
just got a job today (working tomorrow)   need to finish all my ap homework   gotta make room for a doctor's appt  somewhere   started my period  this week is going to be epic  in a bad way 
it's been a long year  i'm sure most of us deserve to go to the beach this summer 
um  i didn't know that would post everywhere 
chocolate shakesss 
fml 
"workin' 10 hours tomorrow, then 9 on saturday  oh yeaaaah "
"it's me, i'm <propfemale>, i've come home!"
day off today  finally   smile 
"yaaaaaaaaay a day off   oh, wait  i have an infected splinter "
dead spaaaaaace 
is not looking forward to work tomorrow 
predators tonight!
don't call me <propfemale> 
"i'm gonna ask you this only once  do you, or do you not, know about the bird?"
"blue lips, blue veins  blue, the color of our planet from far, far away  blue, the most human color "
move-in day  feels like the last several moves  will be hard to concentrate at work 
i miss the <propmale> kfc  smile 
word whomp!
"ea is shit, a company of shit that shits all over every game it markets "
great day off in <propmale> 
worst eggs evar
hot dogs with cheddar cheese
"today is intro to logic w hood (11 smile 0-12:45) and cal i hon w hemasinha (3 surprise 0-4:40), then work 6-cl  hello!"
"i am so tired, it feels like someone just beat me up "
watching faerie tale theater on netflix!
quake ii!
those who survive the joining can become immune to the taint - <propmale>
aris chemistry hmk   god save me 
"just need to write my conclusion, yes!"
"the world would be mine, were i only a few inches taller "
argh 
yeah weather!
chilling at home before an hour and forty minutes of the most boring calculus class ever 
wow  that chemistry homework was brutal  and i did -not- rise to the occasion 
two hot dogs are better than one 
e playful ensive chinese food 
fudge your ridiculous parking regulations! the injustice!
and two burritos later   
great books midterm for the lose  sad 
work 11-cl tomorrow 
today*
will we have a quiz in great books tomorrow  i hope not 
ugh 
pulling a chemistry all-nighter 
what a nightmare 
too homework to do my tired 
is happy sophocles is easy reading 
so much to do   so little time 
work open-close tomorrow  yikes 
i am considering taking all my classes on mw (with the exception of lab)  anybody have any advice?
"the things i want to say, but do not say "
"at the risk of sounding stupid, thucydides sucks "
"one more lab, woo!"
welp  finished my essay 
"watching the fellowship while online christmas shopping, happy times "
"no need to argue, one of the best albums ever created "
great books final in an hour and a half and i just barfed  ha!
i l0ve h0r$es!!1!  love 33  laugh 
"so excited the semester is over  for the next month i'll be working a lot, spending time with my family, and working on the apt "
"just saw twilight for the first time  terrible, terrible movie "
will someone please tell me what <propmale>'s revenge is all about?
yay grades!
lose and loose  there's a difference 
watching meet me in st  <propfirst> alone by the light of the christmas tree  so peas-ful 
anyone play mw2 on pc?
@ hotel in mobile  smile 
thanks to everyone who told me happy birthday 
shopping for clothes is depressing 
power <propmale> this month is $185 for my one-bedroom apartment  one eighty five 
"oops, forgot to pick up my great books final  <propfirst> phillips, i should have let you pick it up  wink "
meh 
sleepy 
everyone was wearing fingerless gloves
"if i were <propfirst> jett, i'd be super pissed about <propfemale> <propmale> "
it is a beautiful day outside finally!
going to look at cats today
lab day sucks 
my <propfemale> likes music
"gotta have my bowl, gotta have cereal"
considering leaving honors  worth it?
suggest to me a name for a kitten 
the sports metaphors they make in the universe make the show disappointingly lame 
hot n' spicy cheez-its 
long day  love coming home to a night alone  annoyed 
some people
i can't open 2-liters by myself  lame 
would rather study anything than what i need to be studying 
last day of chem lab  smile 
so excited to get my free sorrento downloadable cookbook  hehe 
about to play gun 
"if i made a minimum of an 85 on my last cal  ii exam (the grades are not posted yet   of course), i have to make at least a 94 on the final to get an a-  really wishing i'd completed the extra credit "
