ffa3783b6fffa570eb71bf12c15f83b1
super    people seriously confuse me   
's ankle is starting to swell  sad     
is super        
the kitchen smells like tempura shrimp    
is sooper            
my chat is failing me    
ha ha! victory!
"anything that can go wrong, will   "
yeah  i'm never having this conversation again   
is just super       
is superwoman   
watching fireworks on the roof of a '79 cadillac   
is superwoman      
has butterflies in her tummy    ?
is superwoman           
has butterflies in her tummy    ?
has giant butterflies in her tummy    ?
's euphoria is officially gone         
bruised her knee tripping over her cousin's <propfemale> car             
still has butterflies in her tummy    ?
is in way over her head being left with small children        surprise 
seriously needs to stop being an over-achiever     
is superwoman          
coffee is desperately needed      
go rockies! kickin' some ass!
is super              
"is probably-most-likely the biggest nerd in the history of ever  and if not that, then pretty damn close  woo hoo"
is kind of loving the raconteurs right now
's wrist really hurts   
"woo hoo, sprained wrist  very painful    "
's profile has been officially hacked by <propfirst> muahahaha!
oh  this hacker may very well have done something bad   ha
is just a little pissed at <propfirst>
is suffering from a severe case of musical adhd        
just discovered she shares <propfirst> norton's taste in music   odd   
is very mad at a person for bumping into her with a pumpkin       > indecision 
good food and good company  life doesn't get much better 
still has a luaghing head ache     
got socks for christmas  smile 
is awesome                
"just got really bored, joined a shit ton of random groups and then realized i notified all of my friends about it in the process  stupid facebook and it's notifications!"
orange juice and pez  good day 
i desperately want a blue slushy       
deffinitly just gave myself a bloody nose with a computer cord   yeah   that wasn't cool   
"it's raining, life is good"
"d: i just saw that guy! j: what guy? d: you know, that guy we met that one time we were hanging out with that friend of yours - that guy! j: 'cause that helps   "
"what are friends for, right?"
agh   the day   it burns   
it's too early   go away sun   
"you person, have offically confused me "
"i hate when you miss someone, but you're not supposed to miss them   "
"\according to this water bottle we all evolved from squirrels \"" \""ye-what?!\"""""
just drove past an ostrich farm in virgin utah on our way back from an impromptu chiropractic opointment   ah vacation
"i'm so obviously awful at this, how can you possibly e playful ect me to take the lead?"
slept in a very cold car last night  i hate sharing a tent with someone who snores  hooray for the motels
home at last  my bed has never been more comfortable
"oh, i see how it is "
can't sleep   
"\you know what i feel like? spunky mac-an-cheese \"""""
just watched kick ass  best  movie  ever  made my life 
oooowwwwwiiieee       sad 
i think i'm in love with <propfirst> greene
"is getting a job, no not because she is broke, but because she is bored "
"uncle’s wise advise: when in doubt, burn it \\my family's   i think the word is awesome   "
"new text-only number  for emergencies or if you're bored, whatever  1(720)515 7936"
i kick ass at tick tack toe!
i'm bored       
my mommy's awesome  smile 
i slept all day  why am i still tired?
oops       
well that's super     thanks guys      
"1: stop being so emo! 2: i'm not being emo, i'm being artistic  1: what's the difference?"
hooray  five hour drive tomorrow 
"finally home  what an amazing, tiring week!"
safe is sexy
well that was really creepy         
ugh   this is a problem    
"just saw dinner for schmucks  some really bad parts, but over all a good laugh"
best rockies game ever! go tulo!
off rafting today  probably won't be in touch with anyone until the afternoon 
well that was fun   though i'm a little burnt    
"is anyone interested in going tubing on tuesday maybe? i've got family in town so plans might change, but are you up for it?"
ouch
key to surviving school: coffee 
<propfirst> you forgot to mention you'll be taking me to lunch too  and russian <propfemale> trees actually don't grow the type of <propfemale>s you eat and so <propmale> is in the clear  wow  wtf haha
"if i don't get an a on this, i'm going to have a hissy fit  i worked my butt off and added like twelve extra things to it  and pictures  because i overachieve like that "
well it's about time 
"i got a new phone, hooray! now it can actually do the thing phones were intended to do!"
go new vista frisbee!
let them have cake
"find what makes you truly happy, and do it "
protect your oscillating fan from <propfirst> hasselhoff 
scratched my leg up pretty nice climbing today   
hahahaha
peaches are delicious 
i like it on my desk 
ah! there are not enough hours in the day!
"\and you enjoy making keys?\"" \""obviously \"""""
love your body! it's amazing!
snow 
"hey we're on vacation, let's sleep in a little  oh wait, it's already 9 here and we have like six places to go see today  great, so let's get up at the same time we normally do    "
"change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is for your face or other peoples' faces not to be seen until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy and paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same "
i could get used to this view ?
csi: crime scene investigation or csi new york? i can't decide 
super           
"i love when one person can restore my faith in everyone else  there are really angels out there, and they deserve so much better than us "
well shit        
so  sore  can't  move  gahh      but it's cool cuz i worked for it  laugh 
off to alamosa  wish me luck!
"it's good to be back, but i wish i could have stayed longer"
oh my god - oh my god - the bvsd <propfemale> is yellow! yellow is almost red! oh please turn red! please!
