ed0e93232409441c15fe510ba09d60a6
"happy birthday me   violent nosebleed after midnight   barium milkshakes for an upper gi and small bowel series of images for breakfast  but - i went to kobe japanese steakhouse for dinner, and managed to get a piece of shrimp fall down twixt my b00bs   i"
"omg - any tips for minimizing physical anxiety?  feel like my heart is about to bust from my chest, which may look 'neat' but will not be fun "
2 surprise 0 am; sleeping pills haven't kicked in   plan: linkedin & pogo
"2am, waiting for sleeping pills to kick in   meanwhile; pogo, linkedin, facebook  smile "
sitting on the front steps so <propfemale> can play outside for a few   waiting on <propfirst> to return from atlantic city; lucky sob   planning on attending church this weekend (show of hands for those amazed)   trying to commit to a week without er visits!
upper endoscopy scheduled for friday - ka-ching!
"i love going under; best sleep ever   however, i do not like being told to not drink coffee or eat spicy foods   what else is there?"
i have a new baby corgi girl  smile   thanks <propfemale>  smile 
grr - photos driving me nuts  smile 
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence: greenock, scotland"
no love for hour long conference calls when the restroom beckons loudly!~
"just got my new swimsuit; looks good, considering  smile "
oh my word; that went so well   excited!  hopefully i'll have news to share soon 
its hard to write resignation letters 
watching 'the <propfemale> compass' with the kids   trying also not to wring necks 
"mmh, double t florentine omelette with double mushroom "
"who knew that puppies would act like frozen peas were prime rib?  <propfemale>'s grabbing a few - dashing to another room, eating them, then dashing back   sometimes she chases them about the kitchen floor    smile "
apparently i am too chipper in my short-timer's mode 
"i still care about this job, which leaves me feeling (still) frustrated and wanting to wring necks   oh for some stress relief  smile "
who knew that clothes shopping would be such a workout   i am so p00p3d 
to all the people i've worked with at csc; its been a pleasure working with you   now you don't have to be nice to me  smile 
"first day of new work went very well   working downtown is an exciting way to practice the skills i learned driving in downtown sf   and amazing - the client actually had most of my accounts, and a machine, set up *faint* "
"okay, i'm just lost   4 work emails total today   this would have been the number i received per hour at the previous two jobs   single task processing is hard "
"not that i have many complaints, but   i can access facebook but not my email?"
"grateful for my babies on mother's day, grateful for my sister-who-is-like-a-mum, grateful for my mother-in-law who i adore, grateful for my step-mum, grateful for my mother who would have loved her grandkids to pieces   okay - time to stop being sniffy  smile "
"rockin' - i see an orthopedic doctor today; his last name: tarantino \just as cool; my allergist's name is bacon "
"okay, so i got cortisone shots; dr tarantino blames my bursae   tennis elbow in my right elbow   cortison shots has some anasthetic in them (yay), but this morning, my hip hurts soooo badly   waiting for cortisone to kick in now to stop limping "
guaaaaau:  where's the toothpicks?  so tired 
"my main pandora station has megadeth, bronski beat and <propfemale> piaf playing pretty close to each other "
"i almost cried - waking up bs = 98, after drive to work and coffee = 126   of course, the irony is that i am more likely to hypo now "
off to atlantic city today  laugh 
mmh; single malt oban 14 yrs   my tailbone is warm 
"oh, and i bought a pandora bracelet; boy, girl, and heart charms "
our pool arrived   now it needs to be set up; goodness knows how long that might take!  kudos to <propfemale> for all her hard work!
what is it about 20-something unmarried men that makes me want to wring their necks?
omg - so tired   i was introduced to (and played) frontierville last night   i'm so pathetic  smile 
happiest i have been in a while   thanks for all of you (you know who you are) who have put up with me  smile 
"okay, how many of you have heard the term 'tarball' on the news lately and gone 'huh, i never did think of it like that'?"
"my little girl (the furry one) is getting 'fixed' this morning, micro-chipped, and maybe having her hernias fixed (they may no longer be an issue) "
"i swear, i just ate a strawberry that barely fit in my mouth   and yes, i have a big mouth  smile "
so hot - 99 degrees  playful 
"baltimore women; if you're interested in research studies   \http annoyed  www jhsph edu hipstudy hip_study index html"
oh - the ecstasy; i just had uni delivered >melt< 
"ew, physical therapy at 7 smile 0am   but!  it does appear to be working  smile "
"bad news: eye prescription got worse  playful  (and my eyes are still dilated)   good news:  most of the retinopathy seen last year is gone, specifically the stuff at on my macular nerve; he only saw one wee spot on the left side   woo "
oh how wounding it is when your friend requests are not responded to *wail* 
"i swear, i feel like i work in liliput; only a few folk in my work area are my height or taller   i thought smart people were tall (of course, applying logic; this does not mean that short people are dumb) "
i was amused to learn that an old school-mate (you know who you are) thought i was 'quiet' back then   now; the additional adjectives included 's<propfirst>' and 'large'   some things never change  smile 
"in wilmington, delaware tonight   woot!"
nice; i won some money at poker  smile   made up for the hip so sore i could barely walk 
"you know, i am looking through pics in other folks' albums and i think 'i lived then and there, how can i not know these people?' "
ordering from fiesta mexicana - some amazing food 
bought some clothes from torrid last night   i feel so saucy  smile 
"twice in the past 30 minutes, my cisco phone has on its own gone to speaker phone and dialled <propfirst>   i'm highly amused   i suspect our cubicle move today has something to do with it  smile "
"augh; bought 19 8ft long 2x6 weathertreated board and crammed them into my car   only at the last two boards did a home depoter assist   oh to be young and cute   on the other hand, whiney preteen was shoved in the back with the boards "
"in delaware for pre-birthday weekend   stuck on 95 for an hour at 10pm; but here now   poker tables - i will see you tomorrow, poker tables "
know anyone in the baltimore metro area looking for a job; helpdesk work - excellent communication skills and computer savvy needed?  drop me a message for info 
classes start today   i will persevere and get these last 13 units 
first day of kindergarten down!
"those who grew up (or lived for a long time) in scotland - do you find that drizzly weather makes you itch, like the ghost of midgies past?"
go ravens!
"good grief, cold-sore relief can cost way much   it better work!  stupid herpes labialis!!"
hard to play on facebook games with corgi on laptop 
stinky corgi is now washed   she is trying to get the smell off by rubbing herself on the carpet as often as she can 
omg - so pooped   back to school night for c - though his teachers seem really nice   but that was after working + driving since 8:10am   didn't get home until almost 9 (and ravenous)   stressed about semi-annual nephrologist appt  tomorrow 
"evidence of my love for the boy; i spent the evening with him at boy scouts \amazingly enough; i remembered the pledge of allegiance and said it (even though i think its     odd) \not up for praying though; but i do wonder where the lord's prayer varied between the uk and us (debt debtors, trespass trespass against us) "
i like it slung over the banister 
*cringe* here goes nothing; format c: on my laptop   crossing fingers 
i signed the membership book today  smile 
"hmm, 98 rock baltimore is going to be doing this sunday's game day at the end of the street at silver spring mining co - <propfirst> hall  "
looks like i'll have an a in my psychology of spirituality and religion class   i am soooo dragging my feet on my english 101 class though 
"what a great weekend!  went on a <propfemale> walk saturday, helped out a scout leader in c's troop   today i completed the scout work, loved my time at church (book sales), bought plants for planting at the church, and now i done be pooped   sleep-time "
i didn't think that by taking this job i'd be writing pl sql and perl   i feel quite chuffed that i can do both  smile 
"i enjoyed some cider and whiskey the twisted harp   but boy, do i feel old  smile "
woohoo!  my laptop is resurrected!  almost a month down 
i bought a bushel of apples today!  also purchased a cauliflower that is the size of a large basketball (are there small ones?) 
so proud of the boy   he came in 6th out of 800 scouts orienteering   it was his first time doing it too   he came home ready to eat a horse and was out cold in bed within an hour  smile 
blah   stupid car won't start   here i am in a downtown outside lot waiting for triple a     playful 
"great; aeron chairs, you suck!  all of the ones in the office have little cracks on each side under the arms   i leaned to the far left to pick up something and the crack broke   okay - i do have a fat hiney, but the cracks exist on everyone's chairs   smile "
"and i said that this was a perfect scottish day annoyed baltimore, md:  http annoyed  www weather com weather today 21236:4:us"
our 6 person team is occupying an old training room   no one else in my team is in   i am all alone 
really enjoyed our sermon today on free will destiny   rev  also talked about the the fates; love the concept of the moirae    smile 
anyone familiar with owb - oracle warehouse builder?
flu shot done!
heap!
"augh, as if i wasn't stressed enough from this darn writing class, my exam date is during our mandatory work weekend  playful "
"best oracle 'action' in response to issue:  \*cause:    user attempted on operation on an external table which is\           not supported \*action:   don't do that!"
exam complete  mandatory work weekend ahead 
thank goodness for restaurants that do all the thanksgiving cooking    smile 
we enjoyed tangled  smile 
hello voice?  please return 
"seriously, voice, come back home; the bronchitis and abcessing tooth miss you "
root canal on abscessing tooth done  voice is still lost    playful 
heading to atlantic city for the weekend 
augmentin makes everything taste horrible 
liking my new phone  the lg optimus  working on the typing though
<propfemale> christmas   i miss so many of you!
ooh - its snowing  smile 
score:  remote car starter from husband  smile 
