5a6f8fa7663e0e67502793fc9006e6b1
"2009's ups and down: mom had knee surgery, local businesses downsized, my sister lost her job, my nephew went to afghanistan  but on the up side: i have a new great nephew nahum <propfirst> born oct  25, my nephew <propmale> and family moved back here from wisconsin, i still have my job, mom's surgery went well, <propfemale> begins a new job in 2010, and my nephew <propfirst> will be coming home in 2010 too  happy new year's everyone!"
bummer! wvu lost   sad  let's hope for a better outcome for the buckeyes!
"just had a house full of family over today  sister <propfemale> and her significant other <propmale> and her kids <propfirst> and <propfemale>, their sister <propfemale> and em's fiance <propfirst>  my nephew <propmale> and his daughter <propfemale> also stopped by "
"start the new year on a postitive  choose to be look at the good in people, the positive in situations, the growth from challenges in our lives and pray for those still surrounded by darkness  if you keep your light bright and burning  it will show others the way "
"gotta work on craft ideas for vbs  got any ideas to help teach the 10 commandments, please share  going with a train them this year "
"i'm so psyched about vbs this year  i found a train pattern i can use and got some boxes to make a train for the stage area  now all i need is the time to put it together  help spread the word vbs at norwood united methodist ages 3-12, july 27-31 6:25pm-8"
pastor <propmale> archer is back at norwood united methodist church (3 sundays a month) his first sermon was today and it was a good one  hope you can come hear one of his sermons  worship service is at 9 smile 0 am
finally got my car wash today  just in time for the rains to come tonight 
"spent the afternoon making a cardboard train today with my extra special, extra sweet, very talented and super smart neice  thanks m!"
too tired to type tonight  13-1 2 hours makes for a really long day  maybe tomorrow 
today went much easier than friday  it's hard to say good-bye to friends you have worked with for so many years  i just have to remind myself that nothing ever stays the same and that change can be a good thing  god sees the big picture and all we see is 
"don't forget the williamstown ice cream social is this friday, july 17!! great chili dogs, dessert and of course ice cream!!"
"i think my laptop needs a cup of java  it's acting slow, goofy and a little unresponsive  i guess even computers can have an off day  we'll try that chat again later <propfirst>  glad you didn't loose your job !"
"ya'll stop by norwood united methodist church (colegate & oakwood sts) to meet our new (returning) pastor    <propmale> archer and his very terrific wife <propfirst>  picnic starts at 4 p m  should have music, food and some games too  hey em, hope you (maybe <propfirst> too) "
"thought for the day: you can't see where you're going, if you're always looking back "
"thought for the day: most food that isn't healthy tastes terrific (ie: ice cream, cheesecake chocolate, nachos, fries, cheeseburgers)  does this mean skinny people enjoy yucky food or lack taste buds (brussel sprouts, tofu, unbuttered, unsalted popcorn, s"
finishing up some vbs crafts today with my niece em and sister <propfemale>  hope we get a good turn out 
"thought for the day: if smiles are free and easier to do than frowning, why don't we smile more?"
"these quizes are almost as fun as asking an \eight ball\"" if i'll get a raise at work this week  response is usually \""outlook fuzzy try again\"" lol does anyone even remember the \""eight ball\""?"""
another long day at work (14 hours) ugh!  and another long day lies ahead tomorrow  double ugh! need to hit the shower and then my bed  night all!
"another long day  hoping tomorrow is shorter, but still have a lot to do considering next week is vbs at church and i'm also helping with a funeral dinner  hi-ho, hi-ho!"
"attention face book friends  face book has agreed to let 3rd party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission  click on settings ( by the logout link, on the right, top <propfemale>) select privacy then newsfeed and wall then facebook ads  then "
"it's been yet another loooong day, but i did bake two pies (<propfemale>) after getting home about 9 smile 0 tonight  now its time for beddy-bye  "
"rain may make flowers and crops grow, but it makes me tired and sleepy  of course working all morning and early afternoon on a funeral dinner may have had something to do with it  ha! time to work on the slide screen data for church  <propfirst> and glo are comi"
day 2 of vbs and what fun we had  my niece <propfemale> is helping me with crafts and my niece <propfemale> is a group leader and my nephew <propfirst> is assisting with games  my sister <propfemale> is another group leader and my mom is registering kids  i also have one great neph
went to <propfemale> fabrics today and ran into my good old friend <propfemale> bauerbach hendershot <propfirst> and two of her four kids  what a great surprise 
vbs tonight at norwood united methodist church  starts at 23 colegate drive  teaching commandments 5 and 6  yeah!!
vbs is wearing me out  whoa! are the preschoolers full of energy this year  and the snacks really aren't that sugary  weird? maybe i'll double up on my vitamins tomorrow 
"<propfirst> (our poodle, schnauzer, carrin terrier mix) is not feeling well and gma took him to the vets  my two great nieces aren't feeling well either  need prayers for all three "
gotta bake cookies for vbs finale   maybe chocolate chip or snickerdoodles
"our dog \toby\"" pancreatitis has flared up again  very dangerous  if we can't straighten him up here at home  he'll have a long stay at the vets or worse  praying he doesn't get worse """
"<propfemale> went to mmh to visit a friend only to find she had been sent home  yeah!! what great news  now she's going to relax this afternoon after a week of vbs and doing laundry all day saturday (<propfemale>) but it's all good, cause that mean we all have clean clot"
my brain is drained tonight  don't even have a clever thought for the day to write  but to keep with my positive them this week  tomorrow is always an opportunity for improvement 
thought for the day: stop worrying about tomorrow - today is enough to take care of 
had chipotle chicken tonight  man was it hot! my tongue is still numb  some might say that's a good thing  thank goodness all i need to do is type on fb  thought for the day: wonder if anyone ever died from being a taste tester?
"just shot new pix of <propfirst> for his fb  can't wait to see which one he picks  the poor baby is having his toes operated on tomorrow  pray for him  <propfirst> may be 16 and 6 feet tall, but he'll always be my \wittle <propfirst>\"" to me  i wuv all my nieces and nephews (great ones too) """
really craving chocolate tonight  must have ice cream! preferably chocolate with chocolate chunks and chocolate hot fudge sauce  now where to find such a dessert?
or jamocha almond fudge sounds even better with hot fudge sauce! hmmm but where?
just said good-bye to me nephew <propfirst> and niece glo as they head back home to stausburg  miss 'em already 
"just finished the data screen for church, time to tackle the laundry and vacuuming - woohoo what fun! where's <propfemale>'s brownies when i need them "
got my great niece coming to sunday school and church tomorrow  yeah!
"played apple scrabble with <propfemale>, mom and <propfemale>  then made western omelet scramble for my mom and sister <propfemale> tonight "
well it's official - my sister <propfemale>'s dog apparently doesn't like doggie beds  gma bought him one so he would leave <propfirst>'s alone and he's chewed a hole in it twice now  goofy dog 
"i must be getting old  i come home tired, go to bed earlier and wake just as tired as i went to bed  blah!!!"
had problems with my printer connection tonight and thank goodness my family it guru was only a phone call away! super <propfirst> to the rescue again!! gotta love those tech heroes!
"nothing exciting today  laundry, uploaded the data screen slide info, prepared a sunday school lesson for tomorrow  sometimes quiet days can be good for your mind, body and soul  don't forget to go to church and tell your father thanks for all the little things you take for granted "
mom is finishing up her stew  smells yummy  she's a heck of a cook for 80 years young! cornbread and beef stew  mmm! mmm!
too tire to type any more tonight  it's a ibuprofen and chocolate night  unfortunately all i have is the ibuprofen  lol night all 
"another loooong day at work and going in tomorrow too  hope i get a lot done, cause there's an awful lot left to do for piggyview  would like prayers for my nephew <propfirst> dye, the 447th - and all the men & women in the us military  their families could use some prayers as well  god bless them all - keep them safe and protect them   strengthen them mentally, physically and especially spiritually - amen!"
"busy, but productive day  built ads in am, took a much needed cookie baking break at church, back to office to build more ads, took the family out to dinner, typed up the church worship data slides while my sister found me some stuff to help teach my sunday school class tomorrow  all my days should be so productive  unfortunately, i'm so exhausted from the rest of the week, i'm too tired to appreciate it "
anyone interested in volleyball? our church is trying to start up a weekly indoor fellowship volleyball: it will be wednesdays at 8 surprise 0-10ish pm at norwood church on colegate  anyone is welcome  we need people 
"thought for the day  friends may not make a hard job easier, but they do make a hard job a lot more tolerable "
"got home before 8 p m  tonight yea!  reminder to all that school is starting up again tomorrow   drive more carefully than normal  first day of school is exciting for little ones, causing them not to use their heads  so use yours instead "
"why is it the hardest lessons in life come when you least e playful ect them and usually when you're the most tired, stressed or pressed for time?"
"thought for the day  even though the economy is tough right now, remember the best things in life are still free   smiles, hugs, laughter, friendship, and prayer  take advantage and do them often "
"gotta find a place to do my auto safety inspection tomorrow morning  you would think this would be easy, but it's not  i'll probably have to go to vienna or parkersburg  personally i think the whole inspection thing is just another way to rip off the west virginian residents "
"got my auto safety inspection sticker this morning  yayoo!!! now i'm good for another year  yippee! they actually found something wrong with my car, so maybe the inspection thing isn't as bad as i thought  needed a brake light replaced  can't see those when you're driving "
"chinese food tonight  yum-yum  triple delight with egg rolls  had to eat it alone though cause i didn't get home til 9 p m  and my family had already eaten by then  i'm having to eat alone a lot these days  (how sad, but at least i have food to eat, a job to go to and a home to go to at night ) life's good  god bless ya'll and good nite "
"cleaning day today vacuuming, mopping, laundry   it's a dirty job, but somebody has to clean it up  smells like it's going to be a loaded up baked potato night "
my eight-year-old great niece <propfemale> and maybe her 3-year sister (<propfemale>) are coming to church tomorrow! yeah! and they're staying for sunday school  that means i get to teach little ones again  double yeah!
"<propfirst> your calendars september 27th norwood umc is having a family fun night  look for corn hole, hillbilly golf and chair beachball volleyball (and of course food) should be fun  bring your friends "
"family day at the old homestead  two great-nieces, one great nephew, one niece and one niece-in-law mom, sis and me  sound like a pizza, pizza lunch for sure "
"chatting online with family is nice, but hugging them is nicer  wish this fb could send a hug as well as a smiling face  at least it allows us to share videos and pix, hear their voices and see their faces  guess that's better than not hearing or seeing them at all "
volleyball this wednesday at 8 pm at norwood united methodist church (corner of oakwood ave  and colegate drive) if anyone is interested 
"volleyball was a hoot  need more players  wednesdays at 8 pm  come on ya'll if i can do it (and i haven't played in about 20 years)  i know some you others can  hey <propfirst> woods, your older brother <propmale> played and is pretty good too "
trying to teach my older sister how to use the fb wall  even though i'm tired and want to go to bed 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  we are only as strong as the weakest among us    if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day"
"family feuding really brings me down  drains the energy right out of ones soul  and money is such a stupid thing to fight about  we are on this earth for such a short time  it's too bad we put such significance on pieces of paper  but it's those stupid pieces of paper that put a roof over our heads, food in our bellies and heat in our homes  but those stupid pieces of paper will never make us truly happy "
"klove 91 3 fm (belpre) - great christian music station  very uplifting music and christian advice ministry  worth a listen, even if it's for a hour or two a day  they have stations all over though, possibly near a town near you "
"first time in 28 years i haven't worked at the fair  yahoo! got to catch up on some badly needed sleep and rest, as my migraines are becoming more frequent and lasting longer each time  boy, i hate those things "
"played volleyball tonight with my nieces and <propfirst> \the spiker\"" long  need more players  wednesdays at 8p m  it's good fun and exercise too  norwood united methodist church  you don't have to be a member to play """
"life's path is never straight and that's no accident  it's so we can't see what lies ahead of us around a bend or over a hill  that makes our journey more interesting, challenging and full of surprises (some good, others not) all of them events to learn from, grow from and teach from "
had a lazy sleep-in day today  needed the rest more than i thought  maybe i'll bake some cookies tomorrow  need to get this mop on my head trimmed up some time soon!!
time to start thinking about what to fix for dinner  hmm maybe omelets 
"sometimes i think some children just grow into bigger children with bigger, more e playful ensive needs!! and no matter how many times you cut the apron strings, they just keep hanging on "
getting my hair cut tomorrow  yeah  maybe i'll be able to see the computer screen again without squinting through my bangs 
love my haircut and am looking forward to sleeping in
off to a baby shower for <propfemale>  later
<propfemale> and her siblings and their grandma just left to get their pictures taken hope everyone smiles pretty 
"my great niece <propfemale> will be cheering at her first home game sunday at 4pm not sure who the puntma devils are playing, but should be fun  she has a soccer game earier in the day, but i won't be able to make that one "
back from dinner at the galley  now its apples to apples time or what if 
"what's up with young people quoting music lyrics on fb?? not sure the significance of this or what it's supposed to mean  anyway, need to finish the laundry and start something for dinner  better check the freezer  although i'm thinking <propmale> and cheese (the old fashion kind you bake - not the blue box) "
"family fun night at norwood united methodist church - this sunday at 6 pm chair volleyball, corn hole, hillbilly golf, munchies and more  y'all come!"
"<propfirst> is coming with my great nieces for a visit yeah  mom made some cookies for tomorrow's family fun night at norwood united methodist church - 6 pm, but i'm pretty sure the girls will get to preview them tonight,"
rainy days always make me sleepy  why is that  still i got a lot done 
just finished playing chair volleyball  what fun!! great fellowship!
this is great chili and cornbread weather  hint hint mom!  by the my sis surprised me tonight and fixed dinner  and she didn't burn the rice  well done pastor <propfemale> 
well dances with the <propfemale> is on  catch ya tomorrow  love that snowboarder dude and of course <propmale> hough  ozzie's daughter isn't bad either 
i love the fall   crisp morning   colorful foliage   football games   candy corn   jack-o-lanterns   apple cider & donuts   ghost stories   trick or treat   chili and cornbread   scarecrows   octoberfests   polka music    i mean who doesn't like polka music?!!
"if we could see each other as god does, we would truly be ashamed of the way we talk and treat one another  we can't see what goes on inside the heart the soul and the mind   but god can  and praise the lord he loves us regardless of our shortcomings!"
waaay passed my bedtime - need to get on this fb earlier in the evenning  gnite-all!
"i think halloween came early, because grimlins have washed out my fb wall  wierd!!"
missed <propfemale>'s soccer game  sad    but she's cheering at a football game later today  maybe i can catch it 
"missed my niece <propfemale>'s soccer game  sad  but she's cheering at a football game later today, perhaps i can cathc it  my nephew zach and his auntie went around the neighborhood and sold <propfemale> bars for 4h  he sold a whole box today  what a pitchman he turned out to be "
"<propfirst> diehl gets all his \most excellent\"" cooking skills from his gma dye - bet you thought i was going to say me   didn't yo?!! lol"""
"tough day at work  i knew it would be yucky before i got to work this morning because <propmale> horton's ran out of my oatmeal, so i had to settle for a muffin  each time that's happened (4) the day just get progressively downhill  thank the good lord that each day only has 24 hours and tomorrows start a new fresh day "
my sister <propfemale> strained her back and needs some healing prayers 
"fall seems to be the season of ups and downs  may other seasons have them too, but i notice them more in the fall "
meeting up with some friend from my ou days tomorrow  can't wait to catch up  yeah!!!
"my nephew <propfirst> will be coming down tomorrow for mhs homecoming dance on sat  he's got himself the threads, the ride, some friends and the right attitude - to have some fun  drive safely "
taking a day off and am supposed to clean up my car for my nephew to use  but idk  it's cold outside  maybe not 
<propfirst> arrived safe and sound  showed us his white suit and spat shoes  he's gonna look good for homecoming! now if he just doesn't spill anything on it  lol
gotta quit playing these stupid games  they're addictive and too much eye strain  long day tomorrow  time for bed   good luck tomorrow <propfemale> 
"been a busy weekend  thanks em, mom and <propfemale> for helping me with \ss\"" this week  couldn't have done it without y'all """
"i'm a great aunt again  my nephew <propfirst> and his wife <propfemale> had their second son sunday, october 25th  nahum <propfirst> dye weighed in at 8 lbs  4 oz  mom and baby are doing well and daddy got to hear his son cry via telephone while his is in afghanistan "
"if you dont like the new fb, here is how you can revert  look to the top left menu and click on more  then click & drag status updates to the top of that same column  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default when you click \home\"" """
"it's been an exhaustive past two weeks  glad my coworkers got a little breather, but will <propmale> a lot happier when our dept  gets back to our complete, reduced laid-off <propfirst> again  lol   15 hours days are hard on this old girl "
"happy halloween everybody! just finished helping serve our church's soup sandwich lunch - it was a terrific craft show  sorry the rain kept people away  now it's off to finish the data screen for sunday's worship service and prepare for the \trick or treaters\"""""
"long week, long day  time  for a hot shower and bed  (okay maybe a hot cocoa then bed)"
helped em grade papers (only fair since she helped me with scary stories) now off to dinner at dutch pantry  yum 
"short term goal: to love the lord with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind, and with all my strength long term goal: ditto!"
"glass half full, glass half full, glass half full  i believe that if you allow it, being surrounded by negativity can actually suck the energy out of your soul  days like today real put your faith to the test  hopefully (and with a lot of help from my lord) i passed "
"friends are angels sent by god to comfort us when we are sad, to support us when we're weak, defend us when we are vulnerable, encourage us when we have doubts, listen to us when we need to vent, forgive us when we are stupid, and love us no matter what  thank you, lord for all of my angels!"
"everything we do   at church, at home, at school, and yes, even at work    should be to glorify and honor god   he gave us all the talents we possess and we need to use them to reflect our gratitude  that's been helping me a lot this week  i have to keep reminding myself of that though - often!!!"
"pray for our soldiers both at home and abroad and their families - that god will protect them and keep them safe, keep them faithful, keep them from evil  pray also that the light of christ jesus will shine into the hearts of the talliban (and all muslims) so they will realize that the christian faith is based on love not hate, fear, power or greed "
"em i almost tied you at scrabble tonight, so close, but no cigar "
"raked up about 15 bags of leaves with my nephew and his family yesterday  too bad williamstown doesn't have curbside leaf pickup   also helped my great nephew <propmale> celebrate his 7 birthday today  cake, ice cream and balloon animals and hats "
"holiday stress is beginning early - at work, at church, at home  just have to keep reminding myself the what the reason for the season is  i also need to start learning how to say \no\"" """
"gotta come up with a song to teach the youth at church for christmas, do a sunday school lesson plan, upload the sunday worship service slides and cut up some business cards for work  and i haven't had dinner yet  yeah!"
em and zach came over today and we took advantage of the warm weather to put up the outside christmas decorations  em is an angel to put up with my short fuse when it comes to christmas lights  thanks em!! you too zach and for helping rake leaves too!
look out back and can't believe all the leaves and my niece and great nephew just helped me bag up 2 bagfuls sunday  less than 24 hours and   they'rrrr baaaack!!
"dances with the stars, pumpkin pie and hot chocolate with whipped cream  yum  later folks  very productive day today  whahoo!!"
"busy sunday  went to church, taught children's church, taught sunday school, took mom and zach to lunch, then went to annual charge conference in belpre  now getting ready to eat  need to rethink teaching methods in sunday school   ages vary too much 3-8 "
"happy thanksgiving y'all! if you want to volunteer or just don't want to spend thanksgiving alone, stop by norwood united methodist church tomorrow for a free community thanksgiving dinner  choose to help (or not), but enjoy a great dinner and good fellowship  remember to count your blessings and praise god for all he does for you - every day, 24 7  our god is an awesome god!!"
"thank you lord for giving me all of my life's e playful eriences - good and bad  they've made me a stronger, wiser, more understanding person and hopefully a a more faithful disciple of your son jesus the christ  thank you for all the angels you surround me with - those i can't see and those disguised as my friends  you are an awesome god!! amen "
"another community thanksgiving dinner over  good christians serving good food and fellowship  more than 200 deliveries take-outs and about 200 eat-ins  lots of hard work, but even more fun!!"
"my great-nieces, <propfemale> and <propfemale>, their mom and dad, my nephew <propfirst> and my brother <propfirst> are over for thanksgiving dinner #2   more turkey and taters  and pumpkin and pecan pie! yummy!!!"
"love listening to christmas carols - traditional, secular, modern  just the thing to put me in the christmas spirit  so, deck the halls, dream of a white christamas, and go tell it on a mountain (or wherever you live, lol) jesus christ was born to save us all "
"what's your foundest chrismtmas memory? mine has to be the year my dad and mom got me my first actual sketch book and pack of pastel pencils and charcoals  it wasn't the items that touched me, as much as the thought of knowing they had notice my love of <propmale> and believed in my talents - probably more than i did at the time  what's yours?"
"gonna turn five youngsters into a nativity creche - not gonna be easy, but hopefully it will be fun  i know the kids are looking forward to it "
"time for potato broccoli cheese soup, and crackers "
"found some costumes for the kids, now i just need to get them to learn their song "
"took a day off work and got my hair cut, went to the grocery store, ran into <propmale> and <propfemale> (not literally),slipped and fell in the parking lot, fixed dinner for the family, and now as i'm typing on fb, i've realized i'm gonna be a little sore from the little slip at gg than i first thought  oh mr  advil   "
"i've got to stop taking days off  the first one i slipped and fell in a parking lot and on the second, i spent most of it in bed with some 24 hour bug  glad i didn't take the whole week off "
thanks everybody!! you made my day a little cheerier and brighter!!
"dress rehearsal with the kids this morning was insane!! hope they do better for the real deal this coming sunday, dec  20th  i have a angel who wants to play with the baby jesus, and a shepherd who forgot his sheep, a sheep who thinks he's a dog, and only 2 of the 6 kids have any clue what the words to the song are  it'll be entertaining if nothing else "
put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or has had cancer       dear god i pray for the cure of cancer       93% won't copy or paste this      will you? i did!!!!!!!
really needs to start bakin' some christmas cookees this week or theys just ain't gonna get done!! (that was just for you em ) teehee!! drives english teachers crazy when you don't use correct spelling and grammar 
"gma & i  finally got my nephew's boxes packed  not sure they will get there by christmas, but soldiers enjoy packages all year round  right? i on the other hand finally got my christmas gifts wrapped "
made <propfemale> nut truffles tonight for our cantata sunday night at church  already have some cookies for the caroling  need to start baking cookies for christmas gifts now  mom mixed up the dough today while i went to the grocery store for her  i loved decorating sugar cookies  (love eating them too)!!
"surprisingly, the kids program at church went off great! the angel stuck her tongue out at the shepherd and the sheep had a bout contrariness before they performed   ,but when they actually got up in front of everyone, they pulled it together and actually sang the song! i was impressed  thanks be to god for getting them to behave cause they never did it for me at rehearsals  lol"
"'twas 3 days before christmas and what would you know   ads are piling up and the servers are slow  the ad staff is grumpy cause lineage is down, even though they've been calling on businesses all over town  i choose to not let it ruin my good christmas cheer, and pray the things will get better with the coming new year! <propfemale> christmas y'all and to y'all, a good night!"
"they may want to take christ out of christmas, but they can never take christ out of me  if you are proud to be a christian and are not ashamed of christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world  most people will be too ashamed or scared to do it  god bless those of you who can do it  <propfemale> christmas to all my fb friends"
holidays are only as hectic as you let them be 
go bobcats   beat the herd!!
whew! 2 christmas dinners in 2 days is too much! time to slow down and take a nap!
yeah! steelers won!! whahoo!!
"took down the outside christmas lights and is looking forward to the buckeyes, wvu and cincinnati play football friday! and maybe catch a glimpse of the bobcats in the parade "
"wishes she could have the faith, trust and energy of her childhood for 2011"
start your new year with low e playful ectations and work upward rather than setting your goal high and being disappointed!
"hump day tomorrow   and during home hunters week, that's quite a hill to climb  glad god blessed me with good people to work with  makes the stress easier to handle "
"it's a pizza, pizza kinda night! $5 00 buys dinner and two lunches with the leftover  what a deal!"
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting   wonder if i have 20, or more, brave friends who will do this"
roads are nasty  stay home if you don't have to be out and about  less traffic also helps the street crews work on the roads and i'll worry less if i know my friends are safe at home   laugh 
blue polka-dots!
french vanilla cream
silky raspberry
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour?"
"don't let the cold weather dampen your spirits  use this opportunity - play games as a family, clean out a closet, get organized (tax day is coming), cook a family meal (try out a new recipe), make hot chocolate and popcorn and watch a movie together, read a book, write a friend, listen to your favorite tunes or be still and listen for god "
good day to bake something   maybe some chocolate chip cookies! or snickerdoodles  both go good with hot chocolate  however gotta balance the checkbook and do laundry first    sad 
"checkbook balanced! laundry is finished! snickerdoodles are baked!! now for a late supper, some hot chocolate and the season premier of \chuck\"" yeah!!"""
"lord, help pull your saints together  help us work as one body, one mind, one heart through the strenghth, light and love of your son jesus "
i ran over my best friend's boyfriend in an elevator because i'm not crazy 
lord be with all those who were affected by the earthquakes in haiti  guide and help those who are going to their aid  move those who are not to help support those who are  and help all of to be truly thankful for all you have bless us with and protect us from  help us to remember we're here to serve you and to serve others  amen
"took my mom and my sister, <propfemale>, to applebee's for mom's 81st birthday! she got a complimentary chocolate sundae, <propfirst> to by an retired pastor and took a doggie bag of the dinner she couldn't finish  so tomorrow she'll have lunch too  love my mommy!"
"norwood united methodist church held it's first monthly free community dinner tonight  served over 70 spaghetti dinners  hope to serve even more next month   ham & bean soup wtih cornbread  <propfirst> your calendars for the third friday of every month (except novemeber) that's the free community thanksgiving dinner  if you need a meal or don't want to eat alone, come enjoy  if you want to help contact the church "
"this status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status  you only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour  lets all do our bit to help"
"jealousy is a ugly, evil, untamable creature  never let it enter your heart, because it will poison you   mind, body and soul and is hard to cure  thanks be to jesus, our lord is a forgiving and loving god!"
if you get a <propmale> to sit it out or dance   dance!!
"the things <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>, jr  preached about and sacrificed for mean little if we don't put them into practice of our every day living  remember looking backward never gets you anywhere "
"aocdcrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 57% of plepoe can do it"
"sometimes we're so intent on being in the driver's seat of our lives, that we become more intent on the destination than the trip  if we would let god be our driver, we would enjoy the trip more "
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ  and the <propfemale>n solider  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste in your status "
"\an open mind becomes a trash can if the owner doesn't have sense enough to sort what goes in it \"" -<propmale> haas  copied this from my <propmale> <propfirst> haas' wall - great quote! just wanted to share it"""
"my nephew and neice, <propfirst> and glo came down from strausburg for an surprise visit  played apples to apples and had lots of fun   laugh  love them both "
"finally got to start moving stuff back into my sunday school rooom  it's been painted and the floors cleaned, waxed and buffed and new curtains  now to redecorate the walls and bulletin boards "
it's amazing to me how many of my friends on fb have common friends with my other fb friends  weird 
i need to plant a coffee bean bush or i need to start drinking another caffeinated beverage with no calories and artificial sweetners  lol (i wonder how many beans one bush yields ) lol
"facebook running slow lately? go to \settings\"" and select \""application settings\""  there you will find the \""show\"" drop-down box  click on \""added to profile\""  if you see one in there called \""un-named app\""    delete it!!!! it's an internal spybot  pass it on!"""
"looking forward to the weekend  hope it doesn't rain the whole time  cold i can deal with, but cold and rain makes it tougher to keep the home flames burning bright! and i always want my \little light\"" to shine bright every day  with god's help i will   smile """
it's celebrity look-a-like week  guess who i picked!!! good likeness i think   smile 
"gave our dog, <propfirst> a bath tonight  boy did he need it  hopefully my sister and mother will get off my back about it   at least for a couple of weeks anyhow "
"ho-hum, ho-hum, this day's been draggin' on  not much got done  it's cold and dull  ho-hum, ho-hum, ho-hum! a cheery tune and music always cheers me up!"
if you could use just one word to define what you hope this year would mean for your life this year what would it be?
"watching a scary movie \1408\"" weird  later"""
"just found out her sugar level is normal, her good cholesterol is up and her bad cholesterol is down and her blood pressure is staying where it's supposed to  yeah!! thank you lord!"
if we could see and hear ourselves as others do   we would more careful with what we say and do  so think before you speak and look before you leap 
"don't worry  smile more, laugh often, be happy, tell people you care about \i love you!\"" you'll live longer   or at least be less grumpy and miserable to be around """
"shoveled our sidewalk and my car out, even did my next door neighbor's sidewalk   just in time for the city to send plows to block my car in again  yeah!!  sad "
"doing laundry, played games with my family and now it's superbowl time  bring on the commercials  lol"
"okay adults  the kids have been praying for snow so they can get out of school  i say let us adults who have to go to work, shovel sidewalks, driveways and clean off our cars start praying for sunshine and warmer temps (you know an early spring) come on we can do it!!!"
"please lord  i love the four seasons you provide us, but prefer seeing \your sun\"" a little more """
every dark cloud has a silver lining   we just have to know where to look 
the weekend is feeling like coming up for air after be held under water by some tangled up seaweed  it feels good to be free and breath some easy 
help my mom bake cookies and made her and my niece em some of my soon-to-be-famous blueberry oatmeal pancakes  yummy!!
happy <propfirst>'s day and if you have any doublts about who loves you? know that your heavenly father loves your   always and forever 
"man, i've got to start double checking my typing on my post the typos are horrible  : ( sorry!!!"
went to make some brownies yesterday and forgot my mom put a tupperware container full of cookies in there to clear off the kitchen counter a little  phew did that stink and make a mess when i preheated the oven without checking it first     won't do that again!!
will this white stuff ever stop!!!!
"been in a real low funk all day today and having a little trouble shaking it off  think i'll listen to some praise music on klove, that always helps!"
"a veteran is someone who, at one point in their life, wrote a blank check made payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to and including their life  that is honor  there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact! copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom  (god bless the us armed forces!)"
8 years ago my father passed away  i was just thinking how much has changed since then  i guess there are only two constants in this world  one is the that our lives will change  the other is that god is always there to help us deal with these changes - good and bad  thank you lord for being there even whent i didn't realize it 
"memories are god's way of keeping us close to loved ones who passed away, friends who have moved away and our childhoods which have faded away "
why is it healthy food always give you gas??
"busy month ahead at work  so much to do and no time to do it in  man i wish the big wheels didn't hack our department in half  don't know how we're gonna get the work done  hh, macc, reg bee, design-an-ad, spring sports, progress, i-77 and toh is coming soon too  yee-haw march is stomping through like a den of lions!!! hear em roar!!"
"oh mr  sandman, bring us some sand  mixed with some cinders or some salt would be grand  we just need a little on the hills and the bridges  just so we can make it home over the ridges  mother nature, we've had enough  please let the sun come out and help melt all this stuff  it's not that we don't except a little flurries or snow, but it's been snowing for more than a month now! mr  sandman bring us a plow!"
"got the nicest neighbor down the street from us  he shoveled our walk, around my car and even my next door neighbors walk   as well as his own  that's what's called random acts of kindness   pay it forward  i know i plan to  : )"
trying to ween down the fb  too much time spent in front of a computer at work to do the same when i get home 
"visited with my niece and nephew from strasburg, made brownies and name cards for the regional <propfemale> and had a lot of fun  i miss having them around "
"this community has some really smart kids in it  and really nice too  if you don't believe me, you should come out and watch the regional spelling <propfemale> sometime  i was happily amazed this year  great batch of spellers this year  good luck to our regional winner <propfirst> <propfirst>!"
a little chocolate makes any food taste better   even turnips   smile 
days are getting longer and yet it's still dark when i get up and dark when i come home  weird 
"taking a vacation day tomorrow  hope to get some easter door prizes for an easter <propfemale> breakfast my church norwood united methodist (colegate dr  & oakwood ave ) is having sat , april 3 (call 374-5606 for reservations) and then it's off to church to help fix the free community dinner friday, march 19th, 5-7 pm - ham and escalloped potatoes  busy  busy  busy "
life is a journey   enjoy it!
"learn to focus on the positives in life   every day and in all people  everything and every body has got something good - focus on that  today for instance was both busy and stressful   but i got a lot done - a very productive day - busy, but productive  thanks be to god!"
most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be  ~ <propmale> <propmale> as for me   i choose to be happy 
"imagine being an overnight celebrity, loved and cheered by thousands  then in just five short days these same people have you arrested, beaten, stripped, drove nails through your hands and feet and <propfemale> you out like a prize turkey - all so you could be forgiven of all your sins and shown how much god loves you  isn't it about time to tell him thank you  visit your church this week "
"prayers for <propfemale> ? --- god in heaven hear my  prayer, keep <propfemale> in thy loving care  watch over her throughout the  night, keep her safe within your sight  stay by her side in all she do,  bless all those who are praying and love her too  ***please repost this  so everyone can say a prayer for <propfemale>***"
"getting ready for the free pancake breakfast with the easter <propfemale> at norwood united methodist church, saturday, aprill 3rd, 8 smile 0-10 smile 0 am  no cost, but do need to reserve space, call 374-5606 and leave a message of how your name, many will be coming and ages of kids "
west <propfemale> is in the final four!! how 'bout them eers!!
tomorrow at 7am please stop what you are doing  and say a prayer  doctors will be taking miss <propfemale> <propmale> nichols for her biopsy at this  time  please pray that the lord will give these doctors wisdom and that  the procedure will go well  together we can pray towards a miracle for  the sweet girl who has captured all of our hearts!!*** please copy and  re- post*** more details in tuesday's <propfemale> times 
"this is the time for healing and forgiveness   for it is in forgiveness that we will find healing - mind, body and soul  thank you lord, jesus for showing us the way "
"going to bed early tonight  gotta get up early tomorrow to help make pancakes for our free \breakfast with the easter <propfemale>\"" meal at church  pray all goes well and the easter <propfemale> doesn't pass out from heat exhaustion  it's supposed to be 80 degrees tomorrow  what happen to spring?? we went from winter directly into summer  weird """
"wonderful pancake breakfast with the easter <propfemale>  thanks <propfemale> dunaway, <propfemale> diehl, <propfirst> hays, <propfemale> rake, <propfirst> lumbatis, <propfemale> <propmale> and of course <propfirst> cottontail for making this breakfast extra special  thanks to <propfemale> watson for shooting these pictures   smile "
forgiveness is key to beginning to loving others  you can't love others while holding a grudge 
"nothing stirs up fb feedback more than postings of emotional, religious or political content   true in public conversation and true in written words  you can take it to the bank "
been a realy loooong day  hoping tomorrow will be shorter   smile 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient,  family and friends who have lost their battles with cancer, and in honor  and encouragement of the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on  your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer   ? april is cancer  awareness month! however, the need is every day "
gave our <propfirst> a bath (he really needed one) and still needs a groomer  the little guy really needs a trim 
some days just have too much drama in them  should be a way to spread some of it out over the week 
"ever watch geese fly? talk about teamwork  even geese know that they need to switch gears and let others take the lead sometimes  we need to take a pointer from them and learn not to do everything ourselves  when we find ourselves facing strong headwinds or troubles, turn to friends and the lord for relief  god never disappoints and is always ready to catch us when we fall "
the tone used is sometimes as important as the words spoken 
"keeping in touch electonically is good - keeping in touch personally is even better  don't lose \touch\"" with friends and family - let them know how much you love and care about them   every <propmale> you get   love """
"dead battery, borrowed car, good friend, jump car, back home, fb connection to old ou <propmale>  a typical day in the life  lol and tomorrow i get to do another one  thanks be to god and thank goodness god loves me!!"
say prayers for my great niece <propfemale> (3) and my great nephew <propfirst> (3) both are having out patient surgery friday  <propfemale> is having tubes put in her ears and <propfirst> is having his adenoids removed  also prayers for my friend <propfemale> who is staying with her mom who has alzheimers while her father is in the hospital with pnuemonia 
is looking forward to a short visit from her nephew and niece - <propfirst> and <propfemale> from strasburg  who are kinda late getting here  so i pray they aren't having car problems 
<propfirst> conant just installe a beautiful wall to raise up our flower bed in the backyard and fixed the bricks around our pear tree  now i need to plant some flowers   smile  however that'll have to wait til next weekend cause it's laundry day today  it was so much fun having <propfirst> and <propfemale> come visit  wish they lived closer  i miss them 
"looooong week  i know i'm looking forward to a little rest this weekend and possibly plant some flowers in our new flower bed out back   also - need prayers for my great neice <propfemale>, 3  she's got a bladder and kidney infection "
my nephew <propfirst> was invited to the honors banquet at his school in strasburg for the second year in a row!! congrats <propfirst>  i'm so proud of him   laugh 
rainy days don't always get me down   sometimes they offer me the opportunity look inside for things i need to work on   smile  spring cleaning my inner me 
got the flowers bought   now if the weather cooperates   maybe i'll get them planted monday!
"over the last few weeks, i've come to realize what wonderful mommies my nieces, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfemale> are  all of them different, but so very much the same  all share the unique characteristic of putting their children first above anything else  truly very loving mommies bringing up some very beautiful children  god bless y'all and here's praying all of my great-nieces & nephews start feeling better really soon "
getting psyched up to take zumba classes!! yeah!
zumba classes (latin dancercize) will be taught by <propfemale> dunaway at norwood united methodist church on mondays from 5 smile 0 p m  to 6 smile 0 p m  only $5 a class and she will be offering punch cards for a discount to frequent students  wear tennis shoes and comfortable clothes  open to anyone who wants to have fun and get fit  church is located at the corner of colegate drive and oakwood ave  1 block up from greene street 
are you ready to zumba?
"zumba classes (latin dancercize) will be taught \by <propfemale> dunaway at norwood united methodist church on mondays from \5 smile 0 p m  to 6 smile 0 p m  only $5 a class & she will be offering punch \cards for a discount to frequent students  wear tennis shoes & comfortable clothes  open to anyone who wants to have fun & get fit  \church is located at the corner of colegate drive & oakwood ave  1 \block up from greene street "
happy mother's day!    to those women who spend more energy on their little ones than she does herself   to the women who open their hearts and home to adopt a child   to the women who take on the challlenge of being a big sister or <propmale> mother   to the women in changeup roles who are now caring for aging parents especially those with alzheimers  you are amazing!
"took my mommy, sister, niece and two great nephews out for lunch today! families   good times and bad   gotta love 'em  i know i love mine!!  smile "
zumba class was a blast! it's not too late to get in on the fun and fitness  two classes now being offered  mondays 5 smile 0pm-6 smile 0pm and thursdays (starting may 20th) 6 smile 0pm-7 smile 0pm  $5 00 a class at norwood united methodist church  totally a blast!
"hey west virginians don't forget to get and vote tomorrow tues , may 11th"
managed to get to the polls before they closed   my perfect voting record is still in tact!
weird dinner tonight   scrambled eggs and animal crackers 
"in need of prayers for a fb friend friend'sdaughter\ audrin <propmale> and her family  today, her 2 year old daughter wasdiagnosed\ with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even if you don'tknow \her, god knows   please post this to your profile for 1hour andsay a\ prayer for that little girl and give everyone you know theopportunity\ to do so  prayer is energy, please re-post this so theprayer chain \grows"
i like it under my desk or in the hallway 
is glad it's friday!!! it's been a tough week   took my sister out for a belated happy birthday present 
"enjoyed most of an simply, ordinary, run-the-mill, didn't-get-much-done day  and you?"
"made a d-licious 3-egg omelette for lunch today   with sauteed onions, fresh mushrooms, fresh tomatoes, black olives, a little mrs  dash, black pepper, topped with fresh grated romano cheese and shredded smoked apple cheddar cheese "
"zumba lovers (or those interested in latin dancercize)  remember there's a class at norwood united methodist church tomorrow monday, may 17 at 5 smile 0 pm; if you can't make the monday night class   there's a new thursday class starting up on june 3rd at 6 smile 0 pm only $5 00 a class "
be on the alert   apparently strep throat is going around   my sister <propfemale> picked up a bad case  she can hardly swallow  prayers
"lord, they called me for jury duty tomorrow  i pray i don't have to serve and more importantly that i find a place to park where i won't get towed and the right governtment bldg  i get really lost in parkersburg    "
"as of today, there is a new privacy setting \called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook \",5a6f8fa7663e0e67502793fc9006e6b1,no jury duty!!! whahoo!!
"free community dinner at norwood united methodist church this friday, may 21  chicken and noodles over mashed potatoes and <propmale> slaw  any one may come and are more than welcome to enjoy a hot meal and good christian fellowship "
"i consider all of my friends angels on earth  i don't believe in coincidences and firmily believe god helps guide us in life, so we can help each other when we need it most "
"if we all did something nice to three people tomorrow, they would be more inclined to pay it forward to three others and pretty soon everybody is doing good things for each other   i can only imagine   "
check out google search <propfemale>  it pays homage to pacmac's 30th anniversay  i love pacmac   what fun!!
wonder community dinner tonight at norwood umc  served about 100 chicken noodle over mashed potatoes dinners  love doing these free dinners  wish i could help with them more!
"another great zumba class  next class meets thurs , june 3 at 6 smile 0 pm and mon , june 7 at 5 smile 0 pm  monday class won't meet on memorial day "
why is it easier to put weight on than to take it off 
waaaay too many finales on tv during sweeps   most of which could be done in half the time 
"god didn't put me on earth just to fulfill a to-do list  he's more interested in what i am than what i do  that's why we're called human beings, not human doings  happy moments, praise god  difficult moments, seek god  quiet moments, worship god  painful moments, trust god  every moment, thank god  ~ from an interview with <propmale> <propmale>, pastor and author of \a purpose driven life\"""""
"wishing everyone a wonderful memorial day weekend  remember to fly \old glory\"" with pride & respect this weekend  god bless all our soldiers - past and present  please if you are driving this holiday weekend   leave with enough time to get there without speeding   use your seatbelt   drive defensively   and please don't drink and drive """
"a usa military member is missing their family\ while caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this, military\ members all over the world are saving lives  it's military appreciation\ week    repost if you are in the military, love a military member, \hold memories of a fallen hero or appreciate the military!!!"
had a wonderful visit with some of my nieces and nephews  had lunch with all my sisters kids except <propfirst>  we even ate at applebees hoping he would be working   but no luck  love you all 
my sincere thanks to our men and women in the military past and present  my god bless you and your families and your sacrifices on mine and every us citizen's behalf 
? \perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our\,5a6f8fa7663e0e67502793fc9006e6b1,"don't forget zumba class (latin dancerize) tomorrow - thurs , june 3 at 6 smile 0 pm at norwood united methodist church  $5 a class  instructor is <propfemale> dunaway "
had fun at zumba class tonight  missed my nieces though  sad 
quite a storm we had last night  if you don't believe me check out my picture in friday's <propfemale> times   it took out our tree in the backyard  bye-bye pear tree 
"prayers needed for my niece <propfirst>, who is having kidney stone problems!"
"attention those with small children!!!!!!!!!!!\ all and i mean all children's tylenol and motrin was recalled  the \concentrations are wrong and it has stuff in it that is causing \intestinal problems!! if you have any in your cabinet throw it out  it \isn't even available in stores! use an off brand like equate  refund: go\ to mcneil com"
lord please tame my temper and help me think before i open my mouth 
"zumba class at 5:50 monday night at norwood united methodist church  <propfemale> dunaway teaches this one and personally i love it  great exercise and fun too  $5 a class, wear tennis shoes and comfy clothes "
"today was good - didn't get my laundry done cause the washer is broke, but my sister and i ironed out a lot of great ideas for crafts for our church's upcoming vbs  i helped my mom unwrap an entire package of york peppatties & didn't eat even 1 & i had 4 in my sunday school class today!! yeah!"
want to put a little fun back into your work day   have your office remodeled while you're still trying to work in it   tons of fun   really!!!
"new carpet    $7 00 per square  new paint for walls   $40 00 a 5 gal \bucket  watching coworkers try to figure out how to paint walls, rip up \old carpet, roll out new tacky carpet glue, lay new carpet tiles and \move furniture & computer equipment around in one room while still \getting our work done   priceless!!"
finally got moved into the my new work station and i gotta say   i sure hope this is the last time i've got to move at work   this is my 7th time i've moved my work station  that seems a little excessive to me  and i've lost my swingline stapler too!!!
it costs more to repair appliances than to buy new and replace them   no wonder there is so much waste   makes no sense 
"washer is finally kapoot! had to go to the laundromat  man, i'm glad i keep loose change  around  needed lots and lots of quarters today   sad   on the other hand, the place wasn't busy   so i read a couple of devotionals while waiting   smile "
man i miss our washer    sad 
happy father's day to all daddys and those who step up to be big brothers to boys and girls with no dad's and to those who open their homes and hearts as a <propmale> dad and or adopt a child 
"what a busy, busy, busy week at work and it's not even hh week  all this remodeling and coworkers on vacation is hard on this ol' girl  really need to get some rest  but as bad as it is on me i really feel sorry for the wonderful job our maintenance, techies and and carpet layers are doing  phenominal job!!"
"sorry i haven't been at zumba lately  busy couple of weeks at work  hope to be there monday  i miss all my zumba buddies, the music, the awesome instructor    and the exercise too of course   smile "
"this is the day that the lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it  ~ psalm 118:24\and what a beautiful day it is!  smile "
wishes she could wipe out the worries of her loved ones   but is thankful she knows that god will do that for her  praise be to the lord  he truly is an awesome god!
"good news always makes me smile   smile  my nephew <propfirst> is stateside again and will be back in ohio this week, we're supposed to get our washer fixed tuesday, my cousin <propfemale> had a healthy baby boy named <propfirst> 6-25-10   ~ sing praises to the lord!!"
the dye washing machine is finally fixed (although i haven't actually used it yet) i'll let you know for sure this weekend   smile  happy hump day everybody!
dill pickles or sweet pickles on a relish tray   what do you think?
happiness is knowing god has a plan for your life and brings loving family and friends to help you along the way   smile 
"had a great holiday weekend   welcomed home my nephew <propfirst> after he did a year tour in afghanistan (party was great thank <propfemale>), got to see my all my nieces and nephews and great nieces and great nephews at one time (very rare)   got a start on the sail boat deoration for my church's vbs   played games, lit some sparklers, with <propfirst> and glo  one day off work really rejuevenated me!"
"needs sleep    long work day, long work week  on a high note, get to celebrate my nephew <propfirst>'s and great-nephew <propmale>' birthdays tomorrow at \water wars\"" at camp babcock  lol prepare to get wet!"""
needs to work on the big sail boat tomorrow so that it is ready for vbs july 26th-30th at norwood umc
the big boat for vbs is (pardon the pun) sailing along smoothing according to schedule 
really bummed  gonna have to find another source of exercise  sad  zumba classes are too early   
"had a great day off from work   had brunch at <propmale> horton's with an old friend, <propfemale> smith, worked on the big vbs boat, had lupper at las trancas with my niece and ran into another pal, <propfemale> mcneill zielinski, went back to church and cut up fruit with my niece for the church's free community dinner   served more than 80 dinners  praise god for days like these "
is blessed with two fabulous days in a row  thank the lord the skies cleared up in time for my great neice's 4th birthday party and everyone had a great time (thank you <propfirst> and <propmale> - the kabobs were great!!) the little guests had so much fun in the pool and i had fun seeing my neices and nephews  love ya'll!!
"laundry day - not so much fun, but ya gotta have clean clothes   could be worse"
is just trying to stay up on both feet today  lol
"looking forward to next week  my neice and nephew are coming down for a week to help with vbs at church  they are such sweet \doobees\"""""
looking forward to a week off work  <propfirst> and glo are coming down to spend a week and help with vbs  yeah 
the vbs boat is done and most of the decorations are up  preparing crafts for vbs next week at norwood united methodist church july 26-30 from 6pm-8:45 pm  <propfirst> and glo got in just about an hour ago   yeah!!
two days into vbs and i'm tired already   but it's a good tired  26 kids tonight! and we'll take more 
went to <propmale>'s beauty academy yesterday and my niece and i both got a fabulous hair cut - mine of course needed a little coloring too   lol    glo doesn't have that problem yet 
"is sad cause my niece and nephew just left to go back home to strasburg  i am glad i got to spend a week with them and happy much of my family got to help out with vbs this year  nieces: <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, nephew <propfirst>, sister <propfemale> and my mommy  god bless em all  love you all "
"hi-ho, hi-ho   it's back to work i go  i took a break, the week was great! now it's back to the daily grind i go! yo! i'm a very blest person indeed  thank you lord for giving me the rest when i needed it and a job to pay those bills "
"cholesterol is up again = more oatmeal and no more fries, burgers and other fried foods  gotta find me a zumba dvd "
church   lunch with family   got some bts supplies for my great neice haley   gas for the car   now it's laundry and vacuuming   life is good  this is the day the lord has made   let us rejoice and be glad in it 
in kind of a funk all day today   hope tomorrow i'm back to my spunky self   i blame my allergies  darn pollen anyhow!
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke,when your house is a mess, about\ your past, or if your family is filled with crazies   they love you\ for who you are! a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking\ and never question the friendship   repost if you are blessed       with\ at least one true friend  they will know who they are "
i am ready for a weekend   after this week and knowing what's coming up next week   i'm gonna need the rest!!
"lord <propmale> me the serenity to accep the things i cannot change, the courage to change the things i can and the wisdom to know the difference "
"love listening to klove    91 9 fm (contemporary christian music, uplifting messages and programs, prayer hotline, great motivation) possitive, encouraging klove   if you haven't given it a listen   give it one hour   you'll be hooked!!"
when life hands us lemons   it's not just about making lemonade   but be grateful to have lemons to make lemonade with 
without a little rain   life would be dry 
"fb pass-along!! attention!!!!!!!!! do not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\"" it is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos  this was on fox news at 5  please copy and post!!! let's keep our children safe!! (please take a minute to copy & paste  )"""
"if you look for trouble, you usually find it   so why not look for positive and solutions instead "
"life is a highway   enjoy the ride    bumps, detours, rough, smooth, construction, <propmale> holes, slick, narrow, wide, twisting, turning, winding, highs, and lows   it's not about getting there    it's about the journey "
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has \lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to \conquer it ! post this to your feed for 1-hour if you know someone who \has or had cancer  many won't copy & paste  i did, will you?    miss you daddy!"
west virginians get out and vote today!! polls open til 7 smile 0 pm
"and my mom gave \toby\"" a bath and blow dry job  now he looks like a cotton ball """
loves it when my department is working full staff   smile 
"two things we can always depend on \1  things change\2  god will always help us deal with the changes "
"just got back from prayer study   and realizes all of us need to pray more   let's start by praying hurricane \earl\"" won't do much damage and take no lives as it drives up the eastern us coastline   hope you'll pray with me """
"my peaceful dinner was ended with a visit from my overly energetic, but lovable neice and her two bottomless pit boys  wow can those two eat!! 2 pears, 1 apple, 2 yogurts and cookies   well at least most of it was healthy  lol"
"the principles we base our lives on reflect a lot about ourselves, families, communities and country   so shouldn't those principles be faith, hope, <propfemale> and love "
happy labor day - and a special salute to those who had to work this weekend  god bless y'all 
wants to make a possitive difference tomorrow   we'll have to see have that pans out 
there's not enough hours in a day or enough days in a week   and i know there's not enough weekends in a year 
was in a baking mood today   homemade apple crisp and oatmeal craisin cookies   yum yum!!
"<propfirst> & <propmale> and \the girls\"" came over to see the fireworks   but every time they step out of the house to walk down to the river   it starts pouring the rain  praying it stops long enough for the night sky show """
"my sister <propfemale> is trying to give \toby\"" a haircut while my mother holds him   try to post a pic when they're done   unless he really looks bad   hehe"""
gotta get control over my anger   praying god will help me tame my temper or at break my boiling button 
go bobcats!!
"do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what \is helpful for building others up according to their needs, that it may \benefit those who listen  - ephesians 4:29   boy, do i need to read and pratice this one daily "
feels motivation is key to any successful venture   what motivates you?
put a little love in your life today = letting christ shine from your heart today 
if we could only see the world through the eyes of christ   
"god watch over my country, my family, my friends and your church    these past few days the devil seems to be playing havoc on them all  thank you father for all you do for me and keep"
"consider it pure joy, my\ brothers (and sisters), whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your \faith develops perseverance  perseverance\ must finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not \lacking anything  ~james 1:2-4"
love it in the hallway!!
"\               yes, <propfirst>'s one sin brings condemnation for everyone, but \christ's one act of righteousness brings a right relationship with god \and new life for everyone \               \               \\               (romans\ 5:18 nlt)"
just finished re-reading the book of james   a lot of nourishment in just five short chapters  a good read for everyone 
it's clergy appreciation month   have you thanked your pastor lately?
"october\ is cancer awareness month: in memory of every cancer patient, family \member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of \these who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love \someone who has or had cancer  miss you daddy!"
"i listen and read quips and quotes from youth and recognized the frustration, anger joy, excitement, passion, bordom and confusion in their tones - full of emotion  been there  it takes a lifetime of living to begin to understand that \all that drama\"" is needed for strengthening our foundation and faith """
\i used to wander off until you disciplined me; but\,5a6f8fa7663e0e67502793fc9006e6b1,"listen to advice and accept instruction, and in the end you will be \wise    many are the plans in a man's heart, but it is the lord's \purpose that prevails - proverbs 19:20-21"
my soul finds rest in god alone; my salvation comes from him - psalm 62:1
"concentrate on this sentence 'to get something you never had, you have  to do something you never did ' when god takes something from your  grasp, he's not punishing you, but merely opening your hands to  receive something better  concentrate on this sentence    'the will of  god will never take you where the grace of god will not protect you '"
my great nephews zach and <propmale> help me plant some chrysathemums and daffodil bulbs  then we raked up a few leaves for them to jump in before bagging up a couple of bags  those boys just don't run out of energy   wish i could borrow a couple of ouces of it 
"hoping and praying tomorrow brings sunshine, a healthy, happy birthday boy, and an adjustment to my attitude meter toward the positive side   had enough negativity today to last me the rest of the year "
"sun came out, nahum enjoyed his 1st birthday party   who could be negative with so much positive surrounding them "
"having faith is like being a pumpkin  god picks you\ from the patch and washes all the dirt off  he cuts off the top and \scoops out all the yucky stuff  he removes the seeds of doubt, hate \& greed  he carves you a new smiling face and puts his light inside \of you to shine    for all the world to see  this was passed on to me by\ another pumpkin  now it's your turn to pass it on to the pumpkins in \your patch!!!~"
survived another week at work - shorted handed   thank goodness god doesn't take a vacation 
thank you lord for all you do for me  let me always be mindful of all the wonderful things you have provided for me and help me to use them wisely 
"the heartfelt counsel of a friend is as sweet as perfume and incense \                                (proverbs 27:9 \nlt)"
"helped my great nephew zach celebrate his 8th birthday, good times, good cake, great memories  love you <propmale>   smile "
"for with you is the fountain of life; in your light we see light \~ psalms 36:9"
love the lord your god with all your  heart and with all your soul and with  all your mind and with all your strength  ~ <propfirst> 12 smile 0
a big thank you to all us veterans who have served our country and those still serving  god bless you and your families 
"so far my week of vacation, i've been able to scratch at least one thing off my \to do\"" list  yeah!!!"""
"lord help me appreciate all that you've provided for me, the angels you've surrounded me with, the talents you've given me    help me to use them wisely to serve you and others   freely, unbegrugedly and with a loving heart "
took my mommy to the cemetery and put holiday flowers out on loved one graves  beautiful day   was a little disappointed with the grass trimmings covering up the markers though   even so was good remembering our loved ones 
feeling guilty   not doing enough to serve god  need to put him first in my life   that's a toughie   and yet it shouldn't be 
"crazy weather has everyone's sinuses messed up (inluding mine) hot, cold, <propfemale>, rainy   but i refuse to let it get me down  god created different temperatures, sun, rain, frost and snow   each for its own purposes   just as he created a variety of people - each with different talents and purposes  variety is the spice of life  praise be to god!"
"community thanksgiving dinner looking for volunteers to deliver meals  want to help? meeting at norwood united methodist church sat , nov  20th at 10 am \need a meal   reservations and dinner request should be called in by nov  23 374-5606"
"is truly thankful   a loving, crazy family, good health, good job, good friends, terrific coworkers, wonderful church and an abundance of food & clean water  i have clothes, shoes, a roof over my head, a warm bed at night  i can vote or not vote, <propfemale> a gun, worship where i choose, have a good education  most importantly, i know jesus christ is my lord & savior and it is through his grace i am made truly free "
"had pancakes for dinner   but it was the family i had over to help me eat them that made them taste sweet  thanks <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, mom and even <propmale> \the grinch\""   love y'all!"""
"had an interesting sunday school lesson today  psalms 139  why do we try to hide things from god when it is he who knows what we are going to say and think before we say or think it? guilty feelings, mistakes, sins   he sees them all and still god loves us  how awesome is our god   amazing is his grace!"
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your\childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday\(december6), there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion\of memories  this campaign is to stop violence against children "
thinking she should bake some cookies this weekend  maybe even make a pot of chili or soup 
knows where i get my stubborn streak    (kmart blue light special)
did you know that the group asking for everyone to change their profile picture to a favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles  their doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon  it has nothing to do with supporting child violence awareness  it was on tv show that warns you about internet frauds  pass this on to everyone that has a cartoon profile 
it's the most wonderful time of the year   
"thanks everyone for making my birthday xtra special  god has truly blessed me by surrounding me with angels on earth disguised as family and friends who are always there when i need a smile, a helping hand, a laugh, some help, a shoulder to cry on or a ear to bend   hope i can return the favor  god bless you all "
"is anyone else having trouble \clicking on the fb notification listing\"" and not going to where the person left their commenet??"""
holiday question of the day: what's your favorite christmas <propfirst> (traditional or secular)??
holiday question of the day: what's your favorite christmas cookie?
"holiday question of the day: \if there were 13 days of christmas   what gift would you give your true love on the 13th day of christmas?\"""""
"the faithful love of the lord never ends!\his mercies never cease \great is his faithfulness;\his mercies begin afresh each morning \i say to myself, the lord is my inheritance;\therefore, i will hope in him!\~ lamentations 3:22-24 nlt"
"cast your cares on the lord\   and he will sustain you;\he will never let\   the righteous be shaken  \~psalms 55:22\\thanks to my cousin <propfemale> for her inspiration for today's verse\"""""
holiday question of the day: what's your fondest christmas memory?
"sing joyfully to the lord, you righteous;\   it is fitting for the upright to praise him \praise the lord with the harp;\   make music to him on the ten-stringed lyre \sing to him a new song;\   play skillfully, and shout for joy  \blessed is the nation whose god is the lord,\ the people he chose for his inheritance  \~ psalms 33:1-3, 12"
"holiday question of the day: it's a fill in the blank    \\i'm dreaming of a _____________ christmas\"""""
holiday question of the day: do you prefer store bought or homemade gifts? (be honest) 
holiday question of the day: have you ever re-gifted? (be honest)
(sing to <propfemale> claus is coming to town) i better be quick  i better bake soon  i need to wrap gifts and be ready by tomorrow noon  my nephew and niece coming to town 
holiday question of the day    what's your favorite part of christmas?
"holiday question of the day: (fill in the blank)\\tis the season to ______________?"""
holiday question of the day: what's your favorite christmas animated movie? (i know you watch them  lol)
"christmas cantata, christmas cookies, christmas lights, christmas carols,   i love christmas!"
"cousins are the 1st friends of our lives      when you grow up, they are still your friends    repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world!!!they may not be part of your daily life, but they are never far from your thoughts and memories  lord, i thank you for the wonderful cousins that you have blessed my with "
i have the bestest friends at work   makes my job's stress factor much more tolerable 
"<propfemale> christmas to all and in the words of \tiny tim\"" god bless us everyone!"""
holiday question of the week: what is your favorite memory of 2010?
what do you think is the funniest thing to have happened in 2010?
what's your favorite movie for 2010?
"wishes everyone peace, love and happiness in 2011!"
"search me, god, and know my heart;\   test me and know my anxious thoughts \see if there is any offensive way in me,\   and lead me in the way everlasting  \~ psalm 139:23-24"
"keep this going! heavenly father, as we embark upon this a new year, walk through my home & take away all my worries & any illnesses & please watch & protect my family & friends  in jesus name, amen! this prayer is so powerful, stop what you're doing & set this to your status  watch what he'll do!! believe & receive!"
o-h-i-o   go bucks!!
" without wise leadership, a nation falls; there is safety in having many advisers  \(proverbs 11:14 nlt)"
"make a difference   by brightening someone's day   start with your own candle inside, and then pay it forward with a smile, a hug, a sympathetic ear, encouraging word, a donation to <propfemale>, sending a card, make a phone call, open a door, say a prayer "
prayers needed for <propfirst> dunaway  if you know him or even if you don't pray for god's healing and a support for him and his family 
"i believe in jesus christ & accept him as my personal savior  two facebookers challenged believers to put this as their status  in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers i will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven  this is simple  if you love your god & are not afraid to show it, copy & post "
"seek good, not evil, that you may live  then the lord god almighty will be with you, just as you say he is  hate evil, love good; maintain justice in the courts  perhaps the lord god almighty will have mercy on the remnant of joseph  - <propmale> 5:14-15 (niv)"
"do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin destroy, and where thieves break in and steal  but store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal  for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also  - <propfirst> 6:19-21"
why is it snowy days seem to drag longer than <propfemale> ones?
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what everyone wants- to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you'll never understand a situation until you are faced with it"
"it's fellowship friday - be kinder, gentler, more loving and caring to everyone you come across this friday - a smile may make a real difference in someone's life "
my momma's birthday is today   she's another year finer just like a good wine and e playful ensive cheese   she just gets better and better  happy birthday <propfemale> dobbins dye 
"anxiety weighs down the heart, but a kind word cheers it up ~ proverbs 12:25\so don't worry about what might happen, could happen or even will happen   but take your concerns to the lord and ask him for help   seek a friend's counsel   and if you are the friend, give wise and comforting advice and help the troubled when you can "
"it is a sin to despise ones neighbor,\but blessed is the one who is kind to the needy  ~ proverbs 14:21\simplified \love one another\""  smile """
our people must learn to do good by meeting the urgent needs of others; then they will not be unproductive  <propmale> 3:14 nlt
"sometimes it's hard to keep your own pilot light lit    that's when we need to stop relying on our own resources and put our lives into god's hands  when in doubt always check with \the original manufacturer\"" """
"keep me safe, lord, from the hands of the wicked; protect me from the violent, who devise ways to trip my feet  ~ psalms 140:4 niv"
"humble yourselves before the lord, and he will lift you up  - <propfirst> 4:10 niv"
\never stop praying  be thankful in all circumstances," for this is god's will for you who belong to christ jesus \""\"5a6f8fa7663e0e67502793fc9006e6b1,everything is permissiblebut not everything is beneficial  everything is permissiblebut not everything is constructive   ~ 1 corinthians 10:23
"god is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the spirit and in truth  ~ <propfirst> 4:24 niv"
"sitting down, jesus called the twelve and said, anyone who wants to be first must be the very last, and the servant of all  - <propfirst> 9 smile 5"
"be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love  - ephesians 4:2"
"passing this along    i know nothing about these horses \52 thoroughbred horses need homes  will go to sugarcreek this saturday for slaughter  gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them  most broodmares are broke and some are in foal, weanling, yearlings, 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded  free and papered  friend of th   e deceased is trying to find homes: 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 barnesville, oh"
"made two apple-rhubarb pies for our church's baked steak dinner on friday  norwood united methodist church  $8 adults and $4 kids 2-12 (4 smile 0-6 smile 0)\also put together a texas chicken casserole for our super bowl lunch at work "
"you are the light of the world  a town built on a hill cannot be hidden  neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl  instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house  in the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your father in heaven  ~matthew 5:14-16"
"had dinner tonight with my momma, em and jon   then we played \outburst\"" and my niece <propfemale> is the reigning outburst champ!! she won both games  i'm thinking dominos or scrabble on a rematch """
"it's the rhythm in my life, the joy of my soul, it's compassionate, strong, sensitive, faithful, and giving   and oh so precious and fragile   and it's red "
"the lord is my rock, my fortress, and my savior; my god is my rock, in whom i find protection  he is my shield, the power that saves me, and my place of safety  ~ psalms 18:2 nlt"
"search me, o god, and know my heart;\      test me and know my anxious thoughts \point out anything in me that offends you,\      and lead me along the path of everlasting life \~psalms 139:23-24 nlt"
"come close to god, and god will come close to you  ~james 4:8 nlt"
time to do the laundry    yeah!
my nephew changed my burned out brake light  what a good-doobie he is   smile 
"had a fun weekend with <propfirst>, glo and shelby   there's just nothing more hilarious than playing \bullcrap\"" with my mom and my nieces and nephews  what a hoot!"""
seems so quiet now with the kiddos gone  miss my abd and gad    and s_v  don't know your middle name <propfirst>  lol
if we all had the faith of child and the energy of one too   
t-i-r-e-d tired   can't wait to get this regional spelling <propfemale> over with   ugh!!!
"some days have bumpier paths than others lord   and today was one bumpy path!! it's all good though, cause it makes me appreciate the the smoother paths when they come along even more   smile "
"dont let evil conquer you, but conquer evil by doing good  ~ romans 12:21"
"introduced my great nephew zach to a card game today   now he's crazy about \crazy 8's\"" lol   he's pretty good at \""blink\"" too """
why can't healthy food taste as good as unhealthy food?
i wish i could give up my anger for lent   any bad habit actually   but i would start with that 
don't forget to turn your clocks ahead one hour tonight!!!
"nothing like remembering to turn my clock up one hour, then forgetting to set the alarm   managed to wake up with about 15 minutes to get up, dressed and out the door for church  what a morning!!!"
daylight savings had to be started by a man    no sensible woman would put people through these weird time changes 
"wishes tomorrow brings peace like a river, love like the ocean and joy like a fountain to your soul and hers too "
"dear god, i come to you as humble as i know how  i confess my sins, those known and unknown  lord you know i am not perfect and i fall short everyday of my life, but i want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy  thank you for my health, my family & friends, the roof over my head, food on my table, and everything i have  re post if god has blessed you in any way "
"thinks that during lent, people (including herself) should give up their steering wheel and let god be the driver of their lives for a few weeks "
"good news! \it's <propfirst> 3:16 day\""\",5a6f8fa7663e0e67502793fc9006e6b1,"twill wish me friends an early \happy st  <propfirst>'s day!\"" especially <propfemale> \""tweeterbug\"" smarr """
it must be family night   here at the old dye house  lol
took my mama to applebees for dinner and saw two old friends   peg <propfemale> and <propfemale> jones   and my nephew <propfirst> who was hosting  highly recommend the cajun shrimp & pasta   yummm!
"church, lunch with my family, watch my two great nephews most of the the day and evening   played games, put together puzzles, walked the dog, fixed dinner, read books   boy am i beat  will have no trouble sleeping tonight  energy is wasted on youth  lol"
another season of dances with the stars - not sure i'll watch don't recognize many names 
"the trials in our life help define our character   temper, anger, frustration, apathy, self-esteem, anxiety   sympathy, <propfemale>, confidence, determination, flexibility, creativity, adaptability, cooperation, and even love  think about the how you handled the last roadblock in your life   then ask how you could of handled it better "
"was just thinking    if peace, love and <propfemale> spread as fast as the flu and was just as contagious   what a wonderful world this would be "
it'a official   i have bronchitis   again!!!
this coughing stinks    hope to get a least one night of restful sleep tonight   with god's help i pray i'm successful 
tgif!! looking forward to relaxing and healing this weekend!!
okay it's week two and this nagging cough bronchitis thing has become officially annoying   2nd bout of antibiotics    hopefully this one will work 
feeling lots better   thanks for all the prayers and well wishes  guess that new improved antibiotic seems to be working   lol   but i'm thinking the prayers is what's going to put me back on top 
\a cheerful heart is good medicine," but a broken spirit saps a person's strength \""\"5a6f8fa7663e0e67502793fc9006e6b1,prayers for my niece jackie   she's got some serious back issue and financial problems too  god love her and give her the support and healing she needs so badly 
"week 4 of this coughing, 3 weeks of antibiotics, 3 doctors, 1 chest xray, 1 cat scan   and still no one seems to be able to give me an answer or a cure  very frustrating  should i get another test (bronchioscopy) or second opinion?"
went to the cemetery with my momma and put flowers on the grandparents and my daddy's graves  really miss them  then i took mom out for brunch  good times and warm memories 
"finally   feeling some better, thanks for all the prayers and well wishes!  love "
maundy thursday service at norwood united methodist church in family activity center at 7 pm  if your church isn't having a service   please come  if you don't have a church   please come  dress is casual and holy communion will be served 
"greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe with your heart!"
"a gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger ~ proverbs 15:1"
"for you know that it was not with perishable things such as silver or gold that you were redeemed from the empty way of life handed down to you from your ancestors, but with the precious blood of christ, a lamb without blemish or defect  - 1 <propfirst> 1:18-19"
