9f2382c1d8d33c6a0de5d21e8a75b40f
feels like it is time to get more tattoos    thanks rog
gets so stinkin addicted to these quizzes!
is so bored and cannot wait until the outlaws and the gremlin leave tomorrow  smile 
thinks that some people need to educate their minds instead of their sex lives
just spent some time outside with my hb!  it is sooooo beautiful outside today and the outlaws are finally gone so it's a mighty fine day!!
all i can say is good thing i am going into the medical field because it suits me perfectly  playful 
curious as to what brought this on
job hunting is giving me a headache!  if i have to fill out one more application i am going to freak!!
"is a little annoyed, a smidge hurt, and really confused"
boys are stupid heads  smile 
ugh its so muggy in my house    blah
anyone have any tranquilizers?  maybe some duct tape and a leash?  my gremlin is going crazy and driving me insane!!!!1
had a rediculously good time tonight!  tomorrow better be just as good
it's funny how some peoplecan just ruin a night
instead of going out i am going to job hunt   sounds more productive doesn't it
in portland enjoying the sun and awsome hotel room waiting for <propfirst> to get her butt over here
had a blast with my other half and the kids! dinner time now!
fishing tomorrow?
"ugh, shoulder's in bad shape today  sad "
"havin a bad day   i have a migrain, my shoulder is killing me, and i am having \trust\"" issues       can this day just be over?"""
ok what theme should my birthday be this year?  any suggestions?
got my nails did!
rrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwrrrrrrrrrrrrr
you are not my knight in shining armor   you are just a stable boy   i dont want you here
ugh
<propfemale>?  i lost you?!  where did your pregosaurus rump go?!
i am very excited about the email i just got!
time to visit mr  treadmill   thank goodness it has an ipod <propfirst> and fans!!!
"me-\<propmale> why are you crying?  just try the crab i know you'll like it\"" <propmale> *crying*- \""no!!\"" me- \""why not? \"" <propmale> *still crying*- \""because its looking at me!!!\"""""
this has turned into an interesting day      
    and not a good interesting either        
made it a quarter mile more on the treadmill then i did the last time   yay me!
is torn   oh the pressures of speaking my mind    watch ncis or bed?
"oye, can't breathe out one side of my nose   don't you hate it when that happens "
i am in a <propfemale> phase
excited for this weekend!
ugh i am so impatient   i am trying ro keep myself busy but it isnt working very well     side note    i need new tires!
bed after 3am and up a 6:22   ugh its gonna be a grrreat day
i got the job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  officialy i am a beauty consultant with bare escentuals cosmetics  coming soon to <propfemale>'s in <propfirst>!
gotta be outta the house by 8am to go do more paperwork for my job
i really addicted to sorority life!
spending the weekend in heels  gotta get used to it for work
is contemplating sleeping with my new heels on
call that girl bojangles     
you need someone crazy like me  wink 
have you ever felt like you want to scream at the top of your lungs for someone to pay attention to you?  i feel like that     it's weird   i am very mixed up
is missing izzy
is still missin iz  sad   i hope that he makes it through without any permanent damage   he is a fighter and i am sure he will be ok! i just wish he would get out of icu so i can go see him   oh and his medical bills are pouring in so the family has set up a fund at obp for him   please go donate!  just the little donation is a big help   he would do it for us 
went 2 13 <propmale> on the treadmill today!  better than my 2 09 yesterday!
"ugh, i exhausted myself and now feel sick  sad "
hmmmmmm 9-9-9    think this is gonna be a good day for me?
9-9-9   and it's my birthday   hope this means good luck  smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!!!
"if demanding the respect i deserve makes me a bitch, so be it "
"had a stinkin' good time tonight, even with a sunburn and being sick!  so glad to see ang!"
gotta relax and try to get well decause i work tomorrow
sick of being sick    time for a nap
"at home, alone, thinking about love and life and all that it has to offer me if i just allow it "
would you like me to punchisize your face?
this chest cold is taking it out of me!  had an asthma attack for the first time in years this morning    i think it is time to rest
another day at work in <propfirst>   man i need new tires!  someone remind me of that later this week!
work tomorrow 9-6 to get ready for our big grand opening on friday the 18th!!!!!!  woohoo so excited to have our bay done and all of our product out!
<propmale> just told me an awsome story about a bear named snake friendship 
i want noodles
"woohoo!!!! no more us bank!  they're a bunch of fat, smelly, see you next tuesdays!!!"
"hahaha i am dancing in my room to \part in the u s a  \"" and my cat is looking at me like \""wtf is your problem\""!  it's truely awsome"""
has a small obsession with batman
i am really considering decorating my room in batman!!  is that weird?
<propmale> is home from preschool with a cold today  sad    i  have work from 5-9 smile 0 tonight  ugh droppin weight like mad   need more work clothes but i am broke until friday 
christian bale is by far the best batman ever!
"the thing about glitter is, if you get on you, be prepared to have it on you forever  cause glitter doesn't go away  glitter is the herpes of craft supplies  "
i think i am gonna pop in my belly dance work out dvd and dance!!!!!  i am in the mood to move  smile 
on second thought i want a grilled cheese   hmm grilled cheese or belly dance   or grilled cheese and belly dance    oh the dilema
"do not accept a friend request from <propfirst> butterfield  he is a hacker  tell everyone on your list because if 1 of your friends adds him as a friend he will be able to get your computer's id and address  so, let everyone know---copy and post as your status "
i really need a second job  sad 
i am really craving thai food today! and for some reason my mom feels the need to follow me around the house and invade me with her h1n1!  back off before i lysol you woman
wants a really really good storm
<propfemale> in the with the proposal  laugh 
i need to find my very own <propfirst> reynolds
so frustrated i could scream!!!!
catching up on some shows
is waiting for the one love that gets me so high i have no fear at all
is waiting for the one love that gets me so high i have no fear at all
"i need everyones help!  i am going eighties punk for halloween   i will be working and handing out <propfemale> at the mall so i need to go all out    if anyone has face paints, puffy paints, anything brightly colored or acid washed, really anything that looks like it could be eighties punk i would love to borrow it!  send me a message if you do or if you have any ideas "
forgotten    
forgotten    ugh!!!!!!  i swear there are no jobs for people in this town right now unless you work at the hospital   i have to have a second job but i cant find anything    
has a headache for the third day in a row   i wish this sinus thing would go away
you have no kefe that is why you are so uptight and skinny
you have no kefe that is why you are so uptight and skinny
wants to get a gym membership
wants to get a gym membership but doesn't think she can afford it
i really believe they should install pop out cup holders in lap tops    its pure genius
"clean sheets, clean blankets, clean floor     bed time"
i really dont want to get up for work tomorrow
is exhausted  playful 
at 3:20 four years ago today i became a mommy  smile   happy birthday <propmale> <propfirst>  laugh 
drinking peppermint hot chocolate and watching law and order svu
so stressed out it feels like someone is sitting on my chest
watching <propmale>'s reaction to a pixie stick and its hilarious
well this is going to be just a lovely week here with my dad               > annoyed 
just wants to cry         
goin to see new <propfemale> at 3am!!  pure craziness!
home from my new <propfemale> adventure and it was sooo worth it!
has to get ready for work        bla
is doubting myself
i had no idea that <propmale> <propfirst> was in tropic thunder but its awesome! def  his best most awesome character!
happy thanksgiving everyone! making my first  thanksgiving all by myself  turkey and all  smile 
dinner turned out perfect from the turkey to the pie
why aren't any of my home slices online?
"grrrrrr broke a nail  on a lighter note, what kind of mischievous shenanigans can i partake in on my days off this week           "
<propmale> and i are having a camp out in the living room by the christmas tree!  he is asleep and now i have nothing to do  sad 
dear santa    did you get me text    
my insides are dying  p
is c-c-c-c-c-coooooooooooooooooold
"just had a random flash back to high school days   we were all in <propfemale>'s car and <propfirst> was ridin' b*?$%  it was late at night and whenever we passed someone <propmale> rolled down his window and sprayed the person with silly string!  then he thought it was funny to scare the crap out of all of us by pulling the \e\""-brake without any warning   i thought cass was gonna castrate him!  good times  smile """
ooo i love white collar
working on a project for christmas for my parents   i hope it turns out!
has a headache from eating too many cookies and <propmale> has the stomach flu    yuck
watching <propmale>
how could they make a <propmale> finale like that!!!!!!!  i can't wait another year to see what he does!  what will i do!  poor <propmale>      
rest in piece <propfirst>   i am so glad you have been found
pretty sure i have a b12 deficiency
getting ready to eat some chicken and watch the hangover   cuz i own it  smile 
playin wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
i wish i had siblings
there are some people that need to just stay out of your dreams!  you never think about them and all of a sudden you have a dream about them and they are on your mind the rest of the day   bs   you should get to control who is in and who is not allowed in your dreams
i should sleep considering i have to drive to work at 9 smile 0 am       but sleep doesn't sound fun right now   on the other hand braiding my hair does 
i am an odd bird
black  smile 
is lonely
there is nothing to do   boo   hiss
crap i thought i closed tomorrow but i open!!!!!!  good thing i got that last minute urge to check!  so much for getting any sleep :{
i danced with my best friends boyfriend riding a motorcycle cause i'm sexy and do what i want  smile 
"pant's on the ground, pant's on the ground, lookin like a fool with your pants on the ground!"
"don't you hate it when people ask what you're doing at times when it's quite obvious? i'm up on a balloon milking a chicken, what the hell does it look like?"
"is really, really, really irritated!  can you be that selfish?  really!"
i prefer to deal with my demons as they escape 
"\our best friend <propmale> is probably face down in a ditch right now with a meth head butt f@#$%^g his corpse!\"""""
i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts deedaleedee           
i prefer to deal with my demons as they escape
"i have been able to dodge the sick bullet all season   now it hits me full force!  sore throat, muscle aches, the works    it just had to be this week didn't it!"
is soooooooooo sick
didn't get any sleep last night   ugh i cant wait for this flu to be over
time for bones and then bed
"change your profile picture to someone famous (actor,musician,athlete) you have been told you look like  then post this to your status"
i am sooooo addicted to monopoly for wii
"every girl thinks this world belong to her, no matter what makes her purrr, she's a super <propfemale>"
ugh so much for my three day weekend   my throat is ulcerated too     still     lovely
chocolate milk has a special place in my heart
<propmale> is making it so hard on me tonight   he does not want to sleep alone in his room tonight and he is balling   i have to stand my ground but it's sooo hard when he cries like this 
<propmale> is finally asleep so i'm am off to dream land because i'm sure at some point tonight he will help himself to my bed
oh sweet mango sticky rice  you never fail me
tummy's full but it was oh so good!
ugh what a terrible f'ing day
wants ice cream
only best friends talk to each other on the toilet
"\what knees? that boy is riding a fucking chicken!\"" -e  c  smith"""
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness!!"
"attention !!!!!!!!!!do not join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title *\becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\""* this is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos!!!!!!! please copy & paste this to your status and pass it round       before someones photo are used inappropriately"""
the fast and the furious and spaghetti with meatballs   its a good night
our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch
i have over 1700 messages in my junk email folder!  unread!!!!!
never try to raise a child in the same house as your parents!  they don't give a shit about anything you say
doesn't know what to think
will there ever be someone who is patient enough?
<propfirst> i miss you!!!
ugh you make me vomit in my mouth
i'm soooooooo bored and missing people
"dear friday, why must you be such a tease   you are the start of the weekend   but the weekend i must work   sincerely, me"
great white buffalo
looking at little dirt bikes for my little man!
ugh i can't breathe! can't sleep   <propfemale> you should have left your inhaler!!!
"don't you just love those \friends\"" that treat you like you don't exist except for when they get bored or need something!  you know who you are and you suck!"""
"i am a cook, a housekeeper, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a maid, a taxi driver, security, and a comforter  i don't get holiday pay, sick pay, or a day off  - work through the day, and sometimes through the night  i am under paid, and over worked  now tell me that your job is harder than mine  i love every moment of it because i am a mommy  repost if you are a mom"
is fighting back the urge to tell some people where to stick it       it could possibly cause a shit storm but then again it could totally be fine   it all depends on if they are going to be adults about things
if you are brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3 talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8 dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny  14: fit   15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute   18: rude   19 annoyed imple   20: strong
is so angry right now that i might lash out at the next person who speaks to me!  trust me my lashings aren't pretty
i just got stung by a bee     on my butt!!!!! what the f kiss % is that about?!
it was the summer of '69
gonna <propfemale> upside down by my ankles   awesome!
oh my gosh  what do i do!  clearly whatever i am saying isn't working   i am worried  i hope this is just a phase
is missing a lot of people today
"dinner, drinks, a movie tonight with some besties   kinda excited  laugh "
is super tired and does not want to work open to close tomorrow
i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts dee-da-lee-dee     
ugh i'm sooo tired      
doesn't know exactly what to think about this    
come on <propfemale>!  <propfemale> in there girl! the baby is almost here! if not already
my ipod is dead  sad  it gave me 5 good years and now the buttons don't work   no music at the gym for me for a week until pay day 
on the counter
i think i was drunk the entire time i thought you were attractive
day six of six tomorrow   and it's a nine hour      i already know it's gonna draaaaaag
i clearly have superior genetic material  laugh 
i just want it all to end
oooooohhhhhhh i want an audi!!!!
ugh what a day    gotta make a doc appointment on monday
i love south park!   laugh 
ok so who ever wants me to do their makeup for rhody days needs to hit me up soon  smile 
thank you thunder for waking me up an hour and a half before i had to get up!
is in a funk
got a new car!
is broken
old habits die hard
"this is going to be a long and stressful day!  i just pray that everything works out   this guy puts a new meaning to the slimey used car salesman   ugh, i just want this to be over "
putting the missing pieces of saturday back together  wow the things i do when i consume long islands!
is feeling blah and missing my friends and missing doing stuff    blah
i wish i could talk to my cousin   he always makes me feel better about everything 
"so tonight in the shower my son decides to take a nibble off the bar of soap  sitting in the bed after crying because his throat \burns\"" he says to me \""that soap smelled good but it really didn't taste good\""! i could not help but laugh!!"""
"i really, really, really need a vacation!"
mother nature you are an epic failure
does anyone know how to get a owner's <propmale> for a used car that didn't have one when it was purchased?
why are you so scared of me?
i need to sleep because i need to be up in a few hours but i can't   i have to much running through my mind   i just don't understand a lot of what goes on  it's very frustrating 
that's what she said       
"i really really really want to play hooky today   alas i can't, there is no one to cover if i don't go in   boo hiss"
such a nice day!  gonna go work outside  smile 
in portland but this mini break is not long enough
made some looks for my portfolio at work today   now to only put them on a face     
just spent three hours power washing all of the patios and the house  now time to clean the kitchen and then mop  what a way to spend a day off
i really need to get the old me back  this version just isn't cutting it 
your voice is like the combination of fergie and jesus 
your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus
so there are little flying beastly bugs in my house  i got sick of hearing them fly around so i hooked up the bug zapped      in the house  now all i hear is the sweet !zap! and then the pleasent smell of fried bugs
"what a crazy night morning! banshee hill, fun people, gettin stuck, you name it it happened  kinda worth it though "
is having serious trust issues  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  oh and on a seperaye note i want my old friend back
i don't know what to do
a night of angry beavers on netflix! a good ending to a trying day
going to get more tats   at least one more    haven't decided where and what i want the others to be yet
"note to self: remember the site\tattoo johnny\"""""
"if you are a guy fucking 4 or 5 girls, i can show you something wrong with 4 or 5 girls  if you are a guy treating one woman right you won't have time for other girls because if you treat a woman right she will do anything for you "
i am gonna freak the fuck out!
i'm sooooooooooo bored
does anyone know what the weather is like up river?
"as of today my \summer\"" is over  the weather has sucked and now i will be either working or going to school everyday  mother nature you really let me down this time """
to my <propfirst> friends  who needs or knows someone who needs a roomie? it would only be for 3-4 nights a week  let me know 
had fun at the rodeo  feel like i'm gettin sick    again  have to work the next two days  tomorrow is gonna drag
god bless the u s a !!!!!!!!! happy independence day everyone!
oh the possibilities    
new day   new perspective   new ideas   new plans    new!
is a little sad
my new moto: i am too fabulous to turn into a bitter asshole!
trust is a hard thing for me to find right now
"had so much fun tonight! it was definatly needed  on another note, my <propfemale> sting is now a <propmale> problem  i think i might have to go to the er tomorrow because i don't think it can wait till my next day off "
doesn't know what to do anymore   i feel like i am never gonna shake this problem i have
wow  i probably shouldnt be so reckless
i think it's time to  change some things
summer is almost over and i have yet to have or go to a bbq this must change!!!
hold on tight to what you feel inside the ride
hmmmmm what to do tonight
got a facial this morning   next i am gonna have my underarms waxed!  yay me  smile 
so glad i hve tomorrow off!  spending it with some of my favorite people  smile   it is much needed
"\apparently i look like chopped liver   \""  \""in that case you make liver look damn good!\""\",9f2382c1d laugh 33c6a0de5d21e8a75b40f,"ugh, i hate this  annoyed "
love me some <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
i'm gonna telaport you to your death sentence
woohoo <propmale> <propmale>!!!!!!
it does what it's told or it gets the hose!
feels crappy and let down
i from ala-freakin-bama!
i had to work fourth of july weekend and now memorial weekend     awesome    or not
correction- i had to work 4th of july weekend and now labor day weekend   awesome   or not
a seven nation army couldn't hold me back
happiness is a habit- not a circumstance
drink a little drink   smoke a little smoke
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes!
i am really impatient   it's a pain   now more than ever!  normal would be nice  annoyed 
wants to go mudding   right now!
is smiling because i am your daughter and laughing because there is nothin you can do about it   laugh 
gonna go see heart with some of my bestests tonight!!! pretty much the best tuesday ever!
is so hurt right now  not cool kids not cool!
is so tired! i am going to take advantage of the nice weather we are suppose to have tomorrow and maybe go and get some sun  sun does the body gooooooooood!!
good things are coming my way  smile   i know it
"so sick of your fake ass, rude, jealous shit     be gone!"
why is all the rum gone!  because i drank it  smile 
i am selling everything that isn't nailed down! first to go are my coach bags!!!! if anyone wants them before i putthem on craigslist let me know  also if there is anything of mine that anyone wants just give me an offer  it has to go  baby stuff and all!!!!
is the last one to go  might as well count me out since that will never happen!
please pray that i am not getting sick!  i don't have time to get sick!!!
ugh is ssssssiiiiiiicccccckkkk!  must nip it in the butt by sunday  i really hate being sick 
mmmmmmmm eating apples and peanut butter  i'm not sure it's the best sick food but i can't sleep because i'm hot and can't breathe and it's better than chips and dip!!!
doing a sinus rinse with one side congested = saline coming out of my eye  it was kinda of neat actually once i got passed the initial creep out 
oddly enough i would much rather be at school then sick  this is lame
so  looking for a roomie in <propfirst>  if anyone knows of anybody let me know
when one door closes another door opens      right?
"you may nor be able to change a characteristic you were born with, but you can change your attitude, your outlook and the way you live your life!"
oh my gawd     it looks like a pig in a blanket 
off to give a facial
running on two hours of sleep in the last thirty  but it was fun!!!!!!
miss my friends
you can always tell who is a real friend; when you have made a fool of yourself they dont feel like you have done a permanent job 
had soooo much fun with so many people that i have missed for too long!!
dinner done: check        hunter in bed: check         not ready for bed yet and wondering what to do: check check
does anyone need a roommate in <propfirst>?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh a day off tomorrow  my heart is happy
i really want to see burlesque
o-m-g my back is killing me tonight!
my baby is 5yrs old today  i guess he's not really a baby anymore  my little man is growing up!
i may appear harmless     but inside       i'm completely badass
"i am happy with the decisions i have made in my life even if they haven't been the easiest  i have met and <propfemale> people i would have never met if it weren't for paths i chose to take  now, if one would just join the walk on my path that would be kinda sweet     just sayin "
don't ask the lord to guide your footsteps if you are not willing to move your feet 
so excited for this weekend!
raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways!
could use a lower back massage right now      a heating pad would be great too
tired and stressed
if man will cheat with you he will cheat on you 
"congrats d!!!!what an awesome, busy, beautiful day!"
if a man will cheat with you he will cheat on you  let's have more class boys 
made homemade chicken and dumplings for dinner
bleh
was up all night with the damn flu that's going around  i'm so tired j just want to cry   kiss (
i have lost 4 lbs since yesterday with this flu  i must say that it is not worth it
good things need to happen to good people more often 
i know what i have to do  i don't want to   i knew it would come though   i guess sooner is better than later? :{
is starting to feel crappy again!!!!!
if i knew what i was doing i'd be doing it right now
"no <propfemale>, no <propfemale> can touch what i got   yeah i'm a wildflower"
"has a new favorite lip balm! ah the simple things that can brighten my day  now, if only my skin would clear up i would be a happy girl   for now lol"
"dear 2011,  i know you are not here yet but i would like to request that you are better than 2010  if so i will welcome you with open arms and run away with you  that is all "
so many decisions that i have to make   none are easy   i the best choice is also going to be the hardest     
just a few more days and the scrubs will be coming out of my closet again 
so i have an ipod touch   i plugged it into my computer to update it and now it is frozen    i cant turn it off or reset it   any suggestions?
876-5309
back at school!!!  man i missed it!
in class   gonna get a facial soon    ready to go home already   blah
"we just have nothing in common  you like being fat and ugly  and well, i <propmale> like fat and ugly people  lol love it"
i'm sweet and innocent  being mean to me is like clubbing a baby seal!
gonna paint my nails and clean my room tonight     maybe  sounds like a good way to spend my friday!
"oh, and it's time for a hair change"
"i am not drunk  i am a loud, friendly, clumsy person by nature "
what is a friendship without trust?  is it even a friendship?
ugh my skin hurts
so sick of people's negativity! your complaining is getting old   grow up
i have eaten so many carbs this week!!! ick feel like crap
ugh what a day
"dear mom, please stop putting the peanut butter in the refridgerator   it becomes too hard to spread and i lose interest and losing interest in peanut butter is a shame"
going to <propfemale> <propfirst>'s house!! woot woot
oye
so that kid was kind of awesome  too bad it won't ever be 
"i'm comin home, i'm comin home, tell the world i'm comin home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday "
i couldn't figure out why my legs were sore    then i remembered   drunken twister
making some changes and getting rid of some toxicity in my life (mainly people) and it feels sooo good! i haven't felt this good in a long time 
let the training for the hood to coast 2012 marathon begin    tomorrow  wink 
wow i am over this day already  so sick of peoples attitudes  cute kids      cute
is really really really going to try and get up at 5am to go to the gym before i leave for school  wish me luck for i am not a morning person  i pretty much don't function till 8 at the earliest  i need at the help i can get right now!
can't decide if i should go out or go to bed tonight 
i'm just exhausted  who wants to work for me this weekend so i can have a day off  don't everybody all jump up at once 
i really want to see the black swan!
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr i'm so frustrated  i hate it when u get this frustrated and there is nothing i can do about it 
it's my friday!!! whoop whoop!!! i feel like celebrating tonight  smile 
<propmale> is just so darn sweet sometimes  smile  he melts this mommy's heart all over again  i love my little man
its my day off  smile  i feel a lazy day coming on  maybe gym in the afternoon smile 
i love texts from last night! they make me laugh and brighten my day no matter what is going on  smile 
ice cream and a movie with the little guy  pretty good night if i do say so myself
"ambien induced coma? yes please  smile  i need it badly  now, who wants to join me for some crazy dreams!"
really needs to get back into photography and scrapbooking  it was so relaxing  smile 
"love all, trust few, do wrong to none"
ready for new tattoos  smile   now to go look for ideas    
hmmmm no longer interested  this seems like a cycle i am starting  i am losing interest in people very quickly  shame
does not want to get up! it's my friday    i can do this     
"so the saying \nice guys finish last\""      i am wondering if that is also true for girls?"""
"just watched \the science of sex appeal\"" it was very interesting!"""
listening to <propmale> playing with cars in the hall way      it's hilarious
aaaaahhhhhhhhhh! it's so fluffy i'm gonna die!
"here is something to ponder: if we constantly lust and <propmale> after someone that we can't have or someone that is running from us, what happens if we catch them? do we lose interest and find someone else to <propmale>?"
got up at 5am and went to the gym!!!!! yay me  i have only been trying to do that for a week now  fingers crossed that i can make myself get up tomorrow for another go round  smile 
"<propmale> was just beak dancing, naked, in the bathroom "
"so over it  smile  you, my friend, are nuts  smile "
love the sun  smile 
"have a long day ahead of me   school, doctors appointment, work, and <propmale> has pneumonia    blah"
i hope you don't catch a cold from the ice inside your soul
really people? stay out of my business  if i wanted you to know what was going on in my life i would tell you  does that make sense to you?
so stressed out i could make myself sick
"as long as you know that you are doing the right thing, or at least trying hard to do so, then that is all that matters "
man  i wish i wouldn't let people affect me so much  words do cut the deepest  i wish it would heal already 
sometimes the only thing you can do is to just let it go 
as long as you know what what you are doing is right or best at the moment then have no fear  so what if people judge you because they don't see the end result or the whole picture  if you are doing what is right that is all that matters 
there is something so comforting and calming about holding a child 
is missing someone tonight  chicken licker 
"i am so blessed to have such a close group of friends! most people don't get to e playful erience the type of friendship that i have had with my girls since as far back as middle school  <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, cass, <propfemale>, and jess   i love you guys  happy valentines day b*tchs!"
watching finding nemo with my <propfirst>
is very confused
monster trucks? yes please!
oye oye oye what  a week so far lol
is trying to get into running  i am sure i will love it once i get into it but getting there is the hard part for me lol
be what tomorrow needs 
had an amazing day  laugh 
"ugh  i can't sleep and i desperately want to  i am too excited, or nervous, or scared, actually i don't know what it is but it's keeping me up and i don't like it  mixed feeling will you please go away so that i can sleep? thank you "
well      i'm up  sleep didn't last long  morning came to quickly  joy 
off to the grind  blah  but later i am getting my hair done and hanging out with @<propfemale> killingsworth!
snow day for me!
has had a smile permanently attached to my face all day  i like it  it can stay for awhile  although my cheeks are getting sore it's a good hurt  smile 
i love sausage!!! and fyi <propfemale> smith is who i truely admire!
mixed feeling back  not a good thing 
had an awesome night with the best friends ever!
happy  smile 
<propfemale> is not a virtue that i have nor will ever acquire  just saying lol
can't sleep  thinking a shot and some ab workouts will do the trick?
is sassy
mmmmmm mmmmmmmm goooood
awesome
some things are sometimes beyond repair
does not feel well :{
"dear flu, please go away so i can get back to school and life in general  i know you really seem to like me but we just aren't meant to be  it's time for you to move on to bigger and better things  thanks a million  \            <propfirst>"
you can tell what kind of mood i am in by what i am listening to     this is a limp bizkit and manson mind of day!
"my dad-  <propmale> how many ribs are you going to eat?!\<propmale>- i love ribs!  i can eat them all day!!!!"
"computer back-check, taxes back-check, feelin good- check check"
sometimes your judgment for a person and their actions can become clouded   you just have to remind yourself why you formed that judgment to begin with 
ever have that feeling where you want to yell and shake someone because you think that what they are doing is the wrong thing to do but you have to bite your tongue and hope for the best?        yeah           i'm there
so flippin' proud of myself right now!
an affirmative thought is 100x more powerful than a negative thought
has faith and is happy  love 
just met an inspiring person and we had the best discussion   makes me feel like i am making the right decision    like a confirmation  smile    love 
"so the us supreme court has ruled that you have the right under the first amendment to protest military funerals    i invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my second amendment   repost if you feel the same! \if you don't stand behind our troops      feel free to stand in front of them!"
positive   positive   positive   positive  love 
"floaties on-check, school in the am    wake me when it's over"
ok ok i am showering  if i have to leave my house at least i am going to do it clean and presentable
it's my friday and i couldn't be more excited!!!
is in so much pain         ugh!
sometimes life throws you curves to keep you on your toes  learn to be flexible and prepared   think shadowboxing 
"no one tells me that i can't have something, that i can't do something, or that i can't be something  no one set boundaries for me  it's a joke if you think i am going to comply with them "
my son is such a smartass!!! i thought i would escape having a child just like me if i had a boy      i was wrong
starfox for n64 with the little man
"fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me"
watching how to train your dragon with the sick little man  shoulder is still killing me but a little dose of toothless and a heating pad will make the day better  oh and some abidjan and dumplings  smile 
"i think i might make a \my theme songs\"" playlist on my ipod   what should some of the songs be?"""
"\i'm getting stupid loose\"""""
i may look sweet and innocent   but inside  i'm completely badass  smile 
is    very    tired    
love getting my baby fix!  i'm a junky  smile 
everyone should watch the garfunkle and oats videos that i posted!
i have to start running! not only for the weight loss benefits but for the de-stressing benefits as well
nothing was ever accomplished with tears
i think i just threw up in my mouth a little bit 
"attn: burrito  i have requested may 20, 21, 22, and 23 off  if i get the days off who from oregon wants to go to washington?"
house is spotless and smells wonderful  possibly time for a nap?
i feel like baking  hmmmm what should i make?
"\i'm not just playing a guitar; i'm playing a guitar that sounds like dolphins\"""""
"clean house, the smell of baked goods, heels, and pretty nails  a successful sunday if i do say so myself  smile "
some people are just nuts     
it's official! i need a new phone  my contacts keep getting deleted and it keeps resending sent messages to people over and over again!
"\put your junk in reverse!\"" \""no! you put your junk in reverse!\"""""
you will never be happy if you constantly feel insecure and intimidated by other people  be strong in yourself and you will be strong in your relationships  true story 
ok facebook friends  i am looking at the samsung fascinate and the droid2! does any one have these phones and if so what do you think of them?
the only way the frogs could be louder is if they were sharing my pillow! it's just rude 
annoyed with people but it's going to be a good day
i danced with me best friends' boyfriend riding a motorcycle because that's how i roll
"is confused and is not sure what to do   well, i do think i know, but i don't want to do it  damn "
coloring and watching a movie with my offspring
i am woman hear me roar
cheers to the new and working on improved
it sucks to be friends with someone who doesn't give a shit about you  i guess you wouldn't really call that friends at all   awesome     
wants to be swept away  knight in shining armor  head over heels  the works  fate    surprise me 
"monday isn't so bad when you have it off  eating breakfast, watching law and order criminal intent, and in a couple hours i'm off to the gym "
i want my phone to be here now  seems like it won't be here until tomorrow though 
is so angry on so many levels right now 
