d0488a5700b9cccab8bcb429e2552325
bar bound! love u <propmale> great friends and great company!
wonderful new years! hopefully it's the beginning of the most wonderful year yet and it def couldn't b better
gettn everything ready to leave tomorrow ughhhh  but spent the whole day with the man that i love  smile  really gonna miss not being with him everyday
lasagna yummmmm!
one of these days my patients will run out and i will punch u n the face  wink 
spent all day with the family! cocktail time with the old man  wink 
got everything today gonna be up all night cooking 4 the family reunion  what fun
had a great time at the reunion glad i get to see everyone!
things are about to really change! i am so mentally tired!
glad 2 have such great friends! i love u <propfemale> i would kill 4 u! we got this! fuck these men!
hanging out with <propfemale> and <propfirst>! i am content now
"there comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama & the people who create it, and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good  after all, life is too short to be anything, but happy  repost, if you agree "
me and the family just got home  we went out 2 dinner! had a great time!
cant wait 2 be gone! tired of the bullshit tired of the cheating and the lies! i am so done and i cant wait 2 leave! life is gonna be awsome here shortly!
i am happier now then what i have been n a long time! things r awsome! it has took alot 2 get me here! d-i-v-o-r-c-e smile !
trying to find a apartment   no luck yet! wishing my ex would stop calling u take that sorry and shove it up ur ass!
can't wait to get off work vodka calling my name with my girl!
me and <propfemale> gonna go c the nashville nubbin  it $5 to meet em and $10 to see the nubbin  it worth it because u will b amazed at how small it really is!
went on a date last night  had a great time until my keys became mia and he told me he is going to be a dad in 2 weeks wtf doesnt sound like a single man 2 me!
hitn the bars and backroads again after work  smile 
me <propfemale> and <propfirst> all <propfemale> out 2day went and got ice cream  smile   miss these guys so much! we had great day! this part was 10000 times harder then leavn that <propmale> head i actually miss them that whats different! hope u can all get 2gether real soon!
got a place finally! i cant wait 2 start moving!
cant wait 2 go ridn! 2 more days nothin like bn on the back of a bike hitn the bars and backroads!
had a wonderful day! watchn the kids swim <propfemale> and me enjoyn the sun! had a great ride and great company! glad i get 2 c <propfemale> again b4 she leaves!
<propfemale> and me have been cleaning and unpacking all day  we almost done just taking a break  things r startn 2 really come 2gether i couldnt b happier!
one of these days i will have it all figured out today is just not it
glad 2b n my own bed n my own place! i havent had ne freedom n so long its def different  its weird 2 b n a house with no noise or someone getting n bed with u after wakn up 2 get em chocolate milk  i miss all u guys so much!!! silence is different and no wonderful kids around is sad and different! but all n all i am holdn up good and no matter what went wrong with me and dad i love u all very much!
cant wait till 2night! drinks  smile  and good company!
me and <propfemale> at the house  we waintn on the kids 2 go 2 sleep  this is y its so hard i miss these babies and getn 2 spend more time with them  sad ! but we all still 2gether even though me and him r not!
we still up bout 2 crash  kids went 2 sleep and adults had cocktail time  hope they sleep in lol
please keep <propfirst> carrs family in ur prayers! <propfirst> was a great man and has been in pain 4 so long! his dad and brother are going 2 need gods help threw this awful time!
fubar!!!
y is it so hard 4 me 2 just stick 2 my diet! loose 5 and then gain 10 yea obviously this diet thing isnt workn! do so good and then everything! want 2 loose it so bad but i just cant seem 2 get my mind set 2 stay away from the junk food!
didnt think things could get ne crazyer   i stand corrected!!!
rip <propfirst> carr  may god b with his family as he is laid 2 rest 
weekend is almost here  smile  bike ride 2morrow hitn chesters and leos
just got home  they bike ride and the company turned out 2 not b such a great time xsept 4 bn with my girl <propfemale>! thank u hash believe it or not i had a wonderful time  wink 
its monday 4 me  sad  but my weekend was awsome!
hangn out with <propfemale>
life is good  smile !!!
budweiser  smile  great way 2 finish off my night
just layin around  me and <propfemale> are recovering from last night  miss not bn with em as much!
how is it possible to have strep throat n the summer? blah  sad 
i feel like death!
sat is almost here  cant wait the whole day and night gonna rock! great people 2 b around all day and cant wait 2 c his face when i roll up! a hell raisn day!
had a great night! glad i get 2 c u <propfemale> and shuck! had a great time!
ready 4 bed stayn up all night and day is overated
thinkn bout getn on the treadmill  just thinkn bout  it havent moved yet 
a budweiser or 3 and then bed
getn ready 2 go 2 dinner with an old friend  after that we will c what the night has n store
had a great time 2night! its always nice 2 c an old friend! its crazy how things change from day to day
a drunk mind speaks sober thoughts! and i think i might have some thoughts like that alittle later on
glad 2 just b relaxin with my good friend
feeln sad  sad ! i thought i had it all figured out at one point n time  i wish i had my old life back  sad ! things hitn hard 2night!
2 day is a new day
come on weekend!!!
goin on ride then out and about with <propmale> gonna b another vodka night  smile 
enjoyd my days off  was around great friends all weekend but its back 2 work 2morrow
happy birthday old man! 61 my god lol!
<propfemale> and me just got done canin salsa yummm  time 4 bed  smile 
thank u all 4 the birthday wishes! had a great day lunch with my family and seen an awsome bar fight 2 end the day lol
just enjoyn the day
people amuse me i swear
my night has been wonderful  smile !what more could i ask 4? great friends all 2gether   life is good!
bed yeesss finally wore out
getn ready 2 meet up with my sissys 4 dinner then its off 2 work
so ready 4 a change  smile 
went 2 go get a tat and totally changed my mind  the artist had one on his palm like i had wanted needless 2 say when the other artist told me it would fade that didnt even compair 2 the shit he had on his palm! def glad i didnt let the other guy do it b4 i found out what it would have ended up lookn like!!!
just relaxn enjoyn life  i am n an even happier mood then usual if thats even possible  smile 
hangin out with my sis today
getn ready 2 go on a bike ride
i am soooo hungry! now i remember y i am fat dietn is just 2 hard!
just flat pissed off!!!
sunday is almost here yesss! got alot 2 do this weekend  but also got plans with some great friends which i def need after the shitty week i have had
fubar!!!  smile 
just got home  i have had such a great weekend! <propmale> out with great friends all day and even gave n and finally ate pizza yummm diets can b bent every once n a while
all my housework is done and the bed has never looked so wonderful sleeeppp
just down  sad 
great night  smile  thank u friend! i am happy and satisfied
just here
all ready a crazy day and its not even noon yet but what r friends 4
the friend made me dinner 2night  wink  its so weird 2 b happy again  its weird but i am happy
just a great night! now its time 4 bed
feeling some better  still sore and tired but get the stitches out tomorrow yesss maybe some of the swelling will go down then
i dont want to c ne more ice cream 4 a while!!!
confused!!! what to do???
2day years ago was a cold day in hell!!! happy wedn anniv 2 me lmao!!!
i like it on the floor
food is amazing! after living off milkshakes for a week chicken noodle soup is wonderful!
poker run n the am  smile  lookn foward to it! the pretty weather is almost gone at least one more ride b4 winter
had a great day! poker run was awsome everyone had a safe great ride
so glad its my weekend! goin on a bike ride n a bit then drinks with some friends tonight  i cant wait def needn a good time!
had a great night with <propmale> yesterday  now that i have recovered lets c what i can get n2
all i can say is wow! first times are always amazing
is it something n the air? two people i close with got n fights one last night one little bit ago  its crazy!!! at least my friends won lol
exercise is over rated!
bullshit or drama is something this girl doesnt take kindly to! go somewhere else with that shit!
<propmale> and me goin to the gym  our weightloss efforts have lastd longer then usual lol
good luck to all the bow hunters this am  hopefully b makn jerky soon
got a car today yessss! it su laugh  not b n able to go as a please  then went to train days with dad ate all kinds of awsome food  its bn a good day
had great weekend! five more days till its here again
gettn ready to go out to dinner  date nights are awsome even if i am sleepy
warm toasty bed  smile  there is no better place right now
"going to go tan then make some dinner  date night at home  smile  nothing like a movie, dinner, and some quality time together under a big warm blanket "
weekends here yesss! getn ready to go out with some good company
gettn ready to go eat at chilis
i sometimes think i just cant b ne crazier! what a night wow!
cleaning up some then going to tan
hanging out with <propfemale>  miss our visits!
 smile  just really happy
its so crazy how life changes day to day  i am def n a different place now then what i was even a few months ago  couldnt b happier and we will just wait and c where it goes from here
been watchn the rambo movies all day hells yesss
so glad its the weekend  gonna go c my daddy for a while  dinner date tonight and housework n between busy busy day
haha it didnt work! still with em!
getting ready to go c the man who i hate the most n the world   the dentist! wish i could cancel again but guess i need to suck it up and go
great amazing night last night and a wonderful morning  smile 
tired uggghhhh but luckly tomorrow is sunday lots of sleepy n store and as always date night some much needed quality time
headn to greenvalley yep yep
had a great night out last night  now its time to go back to the real world ughhhh housework
goin to get my tat worked on finally
happy turkey day everyone!!!
all bundled up and relaxing in bed  it is def cold just the begining of another long cold winter
its 2am on my night off and i am sober wide awake and content what is wrong with this picture hmmmm guess its good lol
two faced drama queens make me laugh! next time maybe u should get ur facts straight
"if u ran as much as ur mouth does, u might b in better shape"
"need to b hiting the backwoods soon need a break,some stress relief, and some deer jerky"
16 hours tonight  sad  blah but had such an amazing night sooo i guess its ok
glad the team is back  smile  it rocks go team fatty lmao-kasey and <propfemale>
so tired! cant wait to b n my big warm bed with the man!
so i woke up to water all n the floor and all over everything  the neighbors pipes busted and i got shafted with everything bein wet and ruined! i hate life
they r still working on the water leak its been crazy! they pissed off the neighbors and threw them out and the neighbors payed em back by leaving the water runin over from the sink soooo like i said i got the ass end of the deal ughhhhhhh
great night! glad the water is fixed now if my cell phone would just work  should b gettn my new one soon
i have had a great day  i am happy and it just seems to keep gettn better hopefully it will just keep gettn better
layn around with the best man ever  smile 
had some rockn home made meat balls that the man made and now just watchn a movie  have enjoyd my days off and time with him but guess its back to the real world early in the morning
cant wait to get home  gonna spend the evening with the most wonderful man! everyone have a <propfemale> christmas! so happy  smile 
<propfemale> christmas to everyone! hope everyone has a safe and blessed holiday! i am spendn it with my hooker <propfemale> go team and bout to b spendn it with the man great great christmas!
wonderful wonderful day! i just keeps gettn better and better!
"we r going to bed early! shower,bed,and well hmmmmmm     "
wish i was at home n the nice warm bed watchn porn or somethn with the man lol  come on come on
feels like a hell raisn night
going to my dads to eat  gonna b great food and great company
happy and loved! that's all i can say bout that
it's almost new years  i have been countn down this night  me and the old man gonna drink all day and night and c what kinda trouble we can get n too
miss my man  sad 
glad to be home  just relaxn at the house
life is so great! i c now what happiness is all about and how life is suppose to b  smile ! i am happy and it's about damn time lol
the white hair is almost all gone at least for a few weeks  just watchn tv with hashbrown wishn i was home with him
its almost friday  smile  cant wait to get home! gonna have a great weekend lots of quality time with him
i have never had to much fun   almost bar bound
so much to do today
goin out with the man i soooo love him gonna b a fubar night
home early with the man i love! not a crazy night but pretty close time for some quality tlc action! i don't thinknit could get ne better!
had a wonderful weekend! so hopefully it is just the begining of a great week and an even better weekend
get to go home tomorrow nstead of friday cant wait
hangn out with <propmale> under a nice warm blanket  glad to b home
y the hell did i quit drinkn? i need a strong drink and something to cheer me up
laundrys done packn has begun now shower then some bed action  smile 
happiness is wonderful! the week has def been filled with alot of good news
the house work is done now gettn ready to go to the mall then to my dads  cant wait till tomorrow wish me luck  smile 
everything went really good yesterday all i can do is wait now  keepn my fingers crossed
well i have been laying on the couch trying to motavate myself to exercise but i am thinkn bout cookn dinner nstead go slimfast team
i have done some pretty stupid things but hey i'm little bit harder and a whole lot smarter thats how i got to be this way
hangn out with my girlfriend today go team love u hooker  smile 
wishn i was home all loved up on the couch  tired  sad 
just so happy my out look on life has changed so much! soberity lmao and a man who makes me so happy and feel like i am the only person n this world life couldnt be better
dinner is fixed the house is clean now for a movie and a beer with the wonderful man
cant wait to get back home have a great evening planed some quality time and lovens with <propmale>  just happy  smile 
"great day! just got home went up n the woods, drank some beer, and had some great action  smile  happy valentines day to me!!!"
bennys workn late so pickd up some lonestar and we ate while he was workn  had a great valentines day  house work then back to work 
tired aggravated sober and thirsty and yet life goes on
almost time to snuggle up n the big warm bed  def feels like just a night for sleep
today is def alot better day which means it will most def b an even better night! glad things r back to normal
one more day come on come on
the weekend is almost here  gonna spend some time with the wonderful man and all i can think bout is cabbage rolls yummmmm thats def on the agenda
talkd to my best friend for a while tonight miss cn her but it was nice to catch up! goin to bed early with the best man feel blessed to have such great people n my life
i love u!!! wonderful night with u <propmale>  smile 
guess the weekend is over  sad  oh well five more days till its here again
me and <propmale> joined the gym today  felt good to begin our diet plans  hopefully they stick this time lol
<propfemale> out with <propmale> just relaxn  cant wait for us to crawl n the bed  feels like a good night
stupid people make me laugh
today didnt quit go as planed  disappointed  sad 
cant wait to get home and get n my big warm bed
cant wait till tomorrow <propmale> and me gonna have some much needed quality time and an amazing day i am sure  smile 
<propmale> and me hade such a wonderful day i am sooo happy! now for the best part     bed hmmmmmmmmm
