3d0fe3e5063145e0da20eb933a8cadbc
"happy father s day to all the great fathers out there!!!!! childrens are a blessing, got 2 thank god for my angels!!!!!"
"happy b-day 2 my good and great friend <propfirst>!!!!  love u boy,  keep doing wat u do  wink ) <propfirst> jackson   r i p    you will be missed but your in a better place "
i'm happy bcuz in a few hours   i'm gonna be a grandmother!!!!!!!!woo hoooo
"i'm officially a grandmother of a healthy baby boy!!!!!!   7pounds and 19 inches!!!!!   yaaaaa hoooooooo!!!!!!!   time 2 celebrate, god bless my little angel!!!!!!!!"
i'm soooo happy my little angel of  my life is finally home!!!!
i'm just enjoying my beautiful and handsome grandson!!!!
"more pic of my baby grandson,  today he's 5 days old!!!!"
today is my b-day!!!!!!!   and i still have to cook ;-((   this sucks
trying to get rid of this cold and it's killing me because i can't touch my grandson!!!!
i'm very happy and grateful!!!  my grandson is one month ol today  wink )   and it has been the best month of my life!!!!!  love my babyboy   new pictures of my little handsome boy
happy labor day fb friends!!!!!!
"i just put new pictures up of my little angel, my adorable 3 month old grandson!!!!!  he's soooooo cute    my baby!!!! god bless him"
"good mornin fb friends,    tgif!!!!!!! time to party!!!!!  can't wait till it's night time!!!!!!lol"
"good morning fb friends and family,  happy thanksgiving to everybody  wink )   give thanks and be safe!!!!!!    god bless"
<propfemale> x-mas fb peeps   have a happy new year!!!  be blessed and be safe
32665
watching caso cerrado
well i see your bored
about to fry the yum yum porkchops
there are 4 things in life you can never get back      1) a stone after it's thrown  2) words after they are spoken 3) time when it's gone and 4)life after it's past    so live everyday as if it was your last!!!!
sometimes you'll never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory wink )
"love without condition, talk without intention, give without reason and care without e playful ectations wink )"
"go sox go!!  go sox go!!    it,s all black and white  to the fight    they will win today    all day, everyday!!!"
happy fathers day to all the great dads!!!!!
"one thing i've learn about life        it goes on\one thing i've learn about love       it never last\one thing i've learn about friends   they change fast!!!!!!"
"one day he's going to wake up and realize        \everything he should of said\everything he should of done\everything he always had and\everything that's now gone"
"there comes a point in your life when you realize who matters, who never did,  who won't anymore and who always will  don't worry about people in your past, there's a reason why they didn't make it to your future "
"our best things in life are unseen,  thats why we close our eyes when we kiss, when we cry and when we dream!!!"
"i would gladly be your neighbor in any games if you need to e playful and, just add me "
"if anyone needs a neighbor for any of the facebook games, feel free to add me!!!!"
"having a few beers bcuz it's friday!!! but not to much    i have school tomorrow morning but hell yea!!! listening to old school music, mr loverman!!!!! yeaaaa babyyyyyy!!!!!!!"
"happiness keeps you sweet, sorrows keeps you human, life keeps you humble,  success keeps you glowing but only god keeps you going!!!!!"
"god has a reason for allowing things to happen in our lives, we may not understand his wisdom but we have to trust his will   happy easter my fb peeps!!!!!!!!"
"mom is such a bless word, the loveliest i've ever heard, a toast to you above all the rest, mom your so special, you are simply the best!! te amo mami!! may god give you many years so you can always be by my side   happy mother's day to all the great mothers!!!!"
