68ea8bcabbf28239a400d19f87c7e9e7
is fantasizing about fresh homemade blackberry jam    only 2-3 weeks away now
"crap   two frankenstein cellphone charger creation attempts and all i got was a lousy message saying \charger not supported\""   i guess this is why i'm not an electrician """
is out with the boys for pride weekend!
bacon!!!!
juat made skydiving reservations   oh yeah!  can't wait  smile 
was up waaaaay too late last night rescuing the enslaved planet earth from the ur-quan masters
"so much to be excited about    its blackberry weekend, finally    time to make gobs of jam with my little sister!  and then its off to la for a week of skydiving (yeah!!!), no doubt concert, and my best friends  smile   and maybe some killer shopping too"
ugh morning   tums: located   more sleep: i think i'm screwed   sunshine: not on my good side right now 
just had the most amazing time skydiving today    spirn twirl spin twirl all the way to the ground!!! <propfemale> gliding sounding fun now   
back in seattle after 8 days of fun in la    gotta say its super nice to be back in my own bed again   dearly going to miss la shopping   and must go skydiving again soon!  next time from 18k feet?
"excited    just found out i'm getting my mom's gorgeously ornate italian mini grand piano, which i've been lusting after for 20 years! where to put it    petty detail to be figured out in time, and insignificant compared to the importance of this fabulous instrument  even worth changing living quarters "
"saw family yesterday, and mom sent me home with a ton of books she knew i'd want  i get home and sort through the goodies and find this one book she snuck into the bunch just to torture me a little: <propfemale> asher's costume book  if you need to make a child's halloween costume in the form of a club sandwhich, a christmas tree, cooked (or smoked) salmon, potted flowers, or a jellyfish, this is your definitive guide "
"needing assistance    no rush    i have this blender that simply will not unscrew from its base   (this is not some girly ploy, you know me better than that)"
i want bacon
is basking in blackberry jammy awesomeness
blackberry thorn scratches + scrubbing dishes = somewhat unpleasant  blackberry thorn scratches + applying nail polish remover = <propmale> youch 
"wants another tattoo soon   what and where    then when shortly to follow   decisions, decisions "
"just found out upon renewing my apartment lease that i have, in fact, had a parking space this whole time here   5 years   sketchy former landlord never mentioned this, never handed the spot over to me   so about all that neighborhood circling for parking desperation    really, really, really sorry "
just found out last night i am going to be an aunt   ?!  still in a state of shock!
what better way is there to wrap up an awesome night than with mortal kombat with good friends?
quan <propfirst> rules
"has totally rediscovered trip hop music:  sneaker pimps    iamx    and of course my favorite goldfrapp    and so many more, and totally loving it   <propfemale> - thanks right back at ya for our music lunches!!!"
is super excited - just ordered a ddr ps2 game+pad from amazon!  smile 
crap crap crap crap crap   deadmau5 is sold out   ummm    i don't suppose anyone has an extra ticket?
finally getting around to putting all my trademark recipes in a book so i don't keep forgetting them!
"just discovered dance dance revolution (the home version) as the funnest home workout i think i've ever had!  by golly, i think i just found the workout routine i can actually stick to!"
"the trojan hunt has failed and now the primary hard drive wipe begins   this had better be worth it   i do not like not being the adminstrator of my own computer   nope, not one bit "
can't   hold   off   anymore   must   have   reeses peanut butter cups
watched the entire the godfather series last weekend for the first time ever   it was so unbelievably good i had to go and watch the entire series a second time 
i love halloween!!!!!!!!!!!
"snip, glue, sew, snip, glue, sew   "
"doesn't6 lik,e fake nails theyy are so har to type wth!"
is at home sick with some voice-robbing yucky thing   fun fun fun!  i guess i'll finish cataloging my books now 
at home trying to get well and watching pee-wee's big adventure   oh the memories   
says having a bunch of reeses <propfemale> in the fridge is way too much pressure
's apartment smells like sick people 
just made ice!  if you look out the window you may also notice a flock of pigs flying through downtown seattle   smile 
"glad for monday!  yeah, you heard me   this entire weekend had been vile and must die "
just dipped into the jar of bacon fat for a fried quesedilla    so tasty
"presents wrapped, apartment clean, cookies baked, and going to my brother's wedding tomorrow   wow, someone in my generation of my family actually getting married    whooda thought?  (way to go and congrats, <propmale>!)"
nasty virus alert - a google hack that produces genuine search results but redirects your mouse clicks to ad sites   mcafee doesn't prevent it   you might see the domain thewidgetautoparts com briefly are you are being redirected today (it changes daily though)   oh and it makes your pc run hellishly slow   i had to do a system restore in order to get rid of it   
why am i up this early on a saturday?  ow my head hurts   happy new year!
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!
"packing packing packing    and so excited for my trip tomorrow!  this feels so much more exciting then just simply going somewhere leisurely, for once "
is back from kansas city
"who loves 18 hour \naps\""??? i do!"""
thinks facebook quizzes are about as valuable a source of information as as the national enquirer 
cheetos and red bull go really good together 
just wrapped up fashion scrapbook night - most fun and interesting saturday night activity i've had in a long time!
"looking for a hair color correction e playful ert    any out there?  i need someone e playful erienced in correcting precolored fragile, fine hair   sooner the better   the black hair must go!  (semi-permanent my a--)"
stupid rubik's cube   75% is not enough   i will beat it   i think 
"twist, swivel, twist   still hovering around 75-85%   but i'm gonna do it   maybe   btw its really funny how many people have told me to just change the stickers and nobody even seems to know anyone who has ever solved this dang thing "
i want thin mints
dmv from hell day!  went to renew my license and was informed it was suspended   in ca   in 2003!  how?  i never drove there   got my license here 2x since then   finally all cleared up   5 hours and 5 lines and 4 faxes and 100+ phone calls later   fun fun   and this gets to come out of my vacation time   yay   
"i have a handful of 12oz jars of blackberry jam left - made last summer during blackberry season - and i'm giving the last of them away   if you want one, let me know "
"dreamt she ate a bunch of fresh pineapple last night   then this morning, she woke up with a cankersore!"
thinks she pulled her right shoulder playing air hockey   competitive?  never   
thank god for spare favorite earrings!
but thank nobody for dry flavorless manderin oranges   yuck!
lol    one of the boys left their make-up here
latest book just arrived in the mail: beelzebub's tales to his grandson   very first sentence is 118 words long   oooooo boy 
"hollywood has butchered yet another cult favorite story: clash of the titans   sad because the cast and their acting were really great   but they took backseat to uninspired 3d objects flying at you, blasé fight scenes, a godzilla ripoff kracken, and a truckload of other cliche, cookie cutter movie crap, and nothing of the humanistic charm that made the orginal so awesome   i am not at all pleased "
fell mouthfirst into a wedge of cracked pepper french brie and found her way out through the bottom of the wrapper
long live halloween hello <propfemale>!
"crazy weekend, wild times with <propfemale> and her boy davey, and plenty of stories to remember   alls well that ends well!  and tiesto was just awesome, great fun deancing with <propmale> and <propfirst>"
"i just need to say once, just once, that i find the \send to voicemail\"" feature of cell phones to be the single most highly abused method of discourtesy in today's world """
really giddy    just am    yeah     smile 
"life is: \   like an algebra problem painted by <propmale> dali   x might lead to w and w might lead to the color blue   and the color blue might lead to a chicken quesedilla \"""""
"finally bought my plane ticket to go visit nyc!  gonna check the place out, enjoy the city and figure out a plan for moving there in a couple years"
"good morning, sunshine!!!"
"   am feeling increasingly ill and like this is just the tip of the iceberg   one the bright side, i have my first homemade chili at my side, and its really yummy!"
this tdss rootkit in my nvata sys file is really pissing me off   almost as much as holier than thou <propmale> users do 
countdown begins    two weeks until nyc!  and from the look of my luggage you'd think its just two days away (i wish)
"is thinking sinister, evil thoughts about access 2007 right now"
"settling in for a peaceful evening with my new english teacup, dainty strainer, and a delightful strawberry darjeeling tea"
new york new york i must e playful lore museums shopping clubs galore tick tock tick tock five more days to go can't wait can't wait i'm just all aglow!  smile 
"is off to the airport to go to manhattan, nyc!  (btw i can't believe i'm up this early   scratch that - i've been up this early zillions of times   but i can't believe i woke up this early!)"
"finally broke down to check faceb    i mean e-mail   loving nyc!  about coming back    well ny isn't free so i do think i'll return, even if only to prepare for my move here in 2 years   i've never been more certain that nyc is where my heart is   i've never seen a city with more soul, creativity, passion, shared values, drive, and true love for their city than here   i want in   now "
"back from ny, and have chronicled all of my days' events, curiousities, observations & thoughts in over 100 pgs of writing, notes, memento scraps etc   basics include 5 museums,  3 clubs, 1 statue of <propfemale> by schooner, locale visits like times sq, soho, brooklyn, queens, 3 street fairs, 1 <propfemale> hq visit, best shopping ever, & so much more, & most of all the wonderful friends made at the hostel!!!  ny   mwah!"
"would like her lunch delivered to her work desk by a guy on a bicycle, please"
just bought a pink shirt
is giddy    enrolled in college today!
"stiffed  playful   3 weeks ago in soho tried on a dress, loved it, bought it   as i was buying it the cashier took some time to admire it while simultaneously appearing to have some difficulty ringing me up, and elisting the help of a co-worker from the floor   eventually she finished    apparently far more so than i realized until it was too late   what do i have here, size large?  great   "
wants to order pizza and play video games all day
"thinks its very silly that we americans usurped the word \football\"" for a sport where the object is 1  not a true ball and 2  carried by hand most of the time"""
is feelin spicy
"oh fudge    my plans for a hot bath thwarted by temporary add and am now left with a nearly overflowing chilly bath, and no more hot water for about two hours   hmph "
"has decided that this scorching day will be punctuated by a double, perhaps even triple round of baking  crazy? maybe  delicious? definitely "
"part 1: had my first nightmare in over 20 years last night  stuck amidst a swirling mass of nothingness, gray and black ambigious formless objects, forever changing like a section of a kaleidescope, swirling and swarming around me  it was terrifying  i tried to crawl out "
"part 2: then i remembered that i was dreaming  i told myself to wake up  i couldn't  i screamed and screamed and told myself to open my eyes, and shook between the waking and dreaming world, but i was stuck  finally i opened them and woke up with a jolt, and threw my back out in the process \\this morning was not a good morning "
"finally upgraded to the \rugby\"" phone   will i be able to keep this one intact?  only time will tell """
it's finally time for my yearly blackberry jam making binge
"first batch of blackberry jam successfully complete  smile   but since my usual spots are demolished, there may not be much more this year   gladly accepting recommendations for good picking spots    will repay in jam"
chocolate bacon martinis are so much more awesome than i ever imagined possible
it's such a fuzzbrain friday
"please, my lovely pet fishy, would you run to the store for me?  i would like some hot soup, a lemon, <propfemale>, lozenges and some of that zingy <propfemale> tea "
sunday morning *gasp* stupid internal clock
"got home from the dentist, straight to the kitchen to get dinner (so hungry!)  and realized quite disappointedly that she was going to need a dribble cloth   yay   "
lost her giant rhinestone cross earrings  sad 
thinks its just about time for 4 cheese baked <propmale> n cheese
"is happy as a clam with tickets to atb, <propfirst> oakenfold, deadmau5, the bloody beetroots, and freaknight all over the next 60 days  smile  oh yeah "
yaaaay! my local qfc started carrying organic cruelty free bacon!  bacon bacon bacon!
"   annoyed that every new computer part has arrived in the mail except the power supply, which makes assembling my new pc this weekend mostly pointless"
oh boy oh boy oh boy!  my cpu power supply has finally arrived   let construction finally begin 
my new pc assembly project is officially a huge success!
ambien is freaky wierd
one free pumpkin spice scented jar candle to whoever wants it    you know you want it
i love love love halloween!
"had a night of serene perfection at freaknight as a roadkill <propfemale> kat    pics coming later   infected mushroom are brilliantly talented   best freaknight act ever, i think "
is extremely tired of watching <propfirst> springer (for research)   next time i need to choose an essay subject that doesn't irritate me to no end 
open opinion question: should journalists working for non-partisan news organizations be permitted to make partisan political contributions?
had a little juice mishap followed by a failed keyboard surgery attempt    anyone have a spare clunker keyboard they could <propfemale> for a couple weeks?
"is anyone following this news on <propfirst> assange?  what do you think?  highly suspicious charges because of the enormous political impact of his work, or just a brazen man calling foul when he is actually guilty?"
"is mildly amused when someone spends 15 minutes trying to argue the benefits of a specifically innacurate mass communique, only to approach me half hour later suggesting a \compromise\"" that is exactly what i told them they should do to begin with """
thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes!!!  smile 
i woke up this morning truly convinced that i had just been white water rafting at the head of the rio in the heart of south <propfemale> 
hey people    my sister and i are deadset on doing a whitewater rafting trip in south <propfemale> some time in the next few months   would be fun to have more people join; costs about 4k for a week for all e playful enses inc airfare   who wants in??  smile 
"is exhauasted from 6 hours of skiiing today, but its a good exhausted"
ow ow ow ow ow
the <propfemale> is always nice but tonight its simply breathtaking
i got mah new skiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis  smile 
says that she says that she's not saying what she's not supposed to say without e playful licitly saying but by saying so much about not saying she says everything 
i want to ski tomorrow    one of the last potential ski days of the year  sad 
"la <propfemale> <propfemale>, to the store i go, its a massive <propfemale> attack so to the store i go"
"some days you just wanna go back home, crawl into bed, and play video games all day   today is one of those days "
goin skiing this saturday    holler quick if you want to go too (boarders ok too of course) need to know soon for ski shuttle reservations
"loves finding bolthouse farms green goodness and san pelligrino in my fridge after an intense ski day   yum and so refreshing, too "
omgomgomg    i just filed my 2010 tax return and found out i'm getting 9 whole dollars! shopping spree time?
"just bought a near front row center ticket to see ther merchant of <propfemale> in britain this may, starring <propfirst> <propmale> as shylock <featuring my biggest grin ever>"
"good god    just discovered two fraudulant charges on my credit card for $99,999 each!  fortunately they were both blocked by my bank as suspect, but now i'm going to have to get ocd on finding out what this was all about"
"i'm probably not the first person in history to notice a fiftyfold increase in productivity while listening to background classical music, but dude    i've gotta say holy cow, just the same "
thinking its kind of frightening how the line between politics and reality television is gradually disintegrating 
