e4b8846c61b6d3c111ae6b13e2918374
i found marley at last!  smile 
first day of school!
life's been good to me so farrrr  smile 
bored
is very optimistic about life  smile 
bored!
every little thing's gonna be alright!  smile 
punk to funk !
can't stop partying !
"it is not okay to shoot a guy in the <propmale>, goddamnit!"
goodnight & sleep tight! big day tomorrow 
fuck the internet
"i like having someone make my day  smile  been a busy day, just trying to relax! i think i'm addicted to sims 2  surprise "
 annoyed 
i wish i didn't sleep so much today or had someone to chill with right now because i am so bored and wide awake! laaaaame 
i hate writing autobiographies  sad 
finally finished all my work!  laugh 
sleeeeeeepy 
i love the weeekend  smile  i can't wait for the beach! i missss the coast!
party like tomorrow is my funeral  wink 
"it was worth the wait  smile  school today, not looking forward to it! i'm still sleepy, but i don't wanna be so laaaazy "
just go with the flow 
did you see that crazy sinkhole on the news? i think the world's coming to an end  surprise  hahahah  it is really fuckin crazy though 
i wanna love yaaaaaa and treat you right 
life's a trippp 
"i'm done holding grudges    i just wanna be friends with everyone again, like back in the day  things were a lot of fun then    i had no worries!"
okay  it's time to lay down with mr  marley! goodnight  smile 
the road of life is <propmale> and you may stumble too    so why are you pointing fingers when someone else is judging you?
finally finished some bullshit word search   bore me to the point of exhaustion  maybe a little nap wouldn't be so bad    smile 
swimming time !  laugh 
mmm   french toast  smile 
is gonna go to the gym !  smile 
i need someone to go to the bhs graduation with meee  anyone interested?  smile 
"gymmin it up !!!  smile  yes, you can use gym as a verb  lol"
tgif  laugh 
going out to dinnerrr  smile 
"just ate sooo much food, feel like i'ma e playful lode!"
i seriously hate math  annoyed 
"they all do sorta the same thing  they rearrange what you thought was real, and they remind you the beauty of very simple things  you forget because you're so busy going from a to z that there's 24 letters in between "
i'm making browniessss  smile 
going to millerton to get on a muthafuckin boat  laugh 
sunburntttt  sad 
"you can pray and pray for my downfall    when i rise like the sun, i ain't fuckin with ya'all  i'ma keep on keepin on, keep on holdin on "
today has been such a boring and lazy day   sad 
there is nothing you can see that is not a flower; there is nothing you can think that is not the <propfemale> 
i'm down like the economy  hahaha  fuckin rappers 
i'ma clean my room then my nigga <propfirst> is coming overrrr  laugh  i haven't seen him in for-fucking-everrr!
"when our minds are clouded by hatred, selfishness, jealousy, and anger, we lose not only control but also our judgment "
i hate dvd players sometimes 
shopping !  smile 
seeing toy story 3  laugh 
goodnight  smile 
it's just one of those days    :
asdfghjkl
friiiiiiday  laugh 
10 days until camping !!!
the party don't stop !!!
fuck the police !
happy saturday !!!  smile 
happy fathers day!  smile 
new true blood season  laugh  !
one week till camping !!!  laugh  can't waitttt 
6 days until campinggg  laugh 
i haaaate waking up this early with nothing to do and no one to talk to!
goodnight  laugh 
i am gay
what it is? thizzzz is what it is 
i got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
"happy birthday, mommy!  laugh "
and camping on tuesday! i cannot fucking wait!  smile   smile 
camping tomorrow!  laugh  school today    sad  lol
leaving for camping todayyy  smile 
"back from camping  smile  had an amazing week, but i miss the coast already!"
"getting off the comp  text me, i'm wide awake & bored!"
i just have sooooo much energyyyyyyyy! fhaklsfhasdksagajsfafs
the anger sharks are swimming in my headddd 
"it's hot outside, let me go swimmin' in your eyes  smile "
please come back home  sad 
i'm so bored    what's going on tonight?
falafel 
i play fetch with my cat    is that normal?
i hate fresno   why isn't there more to do here?! time to get super baked and clean my room  smile 
"today's been quite a boring day, but after i eat i think i'm gonna get some reading done  smile "
"think of our life in nature,--daily  to be shown matter, to come in contact with it,--rocks, trees, wind on our cheeks! the solid earth! the common sense! contact! contact! who are we? where are we?"
jaguar?!?!
"let me tell you about heartache and the loss of god  wandering, wandering in the hopeless night  out here in the perimeter there are no stars    out here we is stoned    immaculate "
"that's what real love amounts to - letting a person be \what he really is  most people love you for who you pretend to be  to \keep their love, you keep pretending, performing  you get to love your \pretence  it's true, we're locked in an image, an act "
"when you make your peace with authority, you become \authority "
i'm bored and wide awake! somebody talk to meee  smile 
"e playful ose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear\ has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes  you are \free "
what have they done to the earth? what have they done to our fair sister? ravaged and plundered and ripped her and bit her   stuck her with knives in the side of the <propfemale> and tied her with fences and dragged her down  
where the party at?
"oh yes, i'm fine  everything's just wonderful  i'm having the time of my life "
if you want to know yourself you must face your deamons and bring light into the darkest corners of your soul 
hibernation mode 
you'll never see a nigga as clean as the <propmale> 
i'm the make it happen cap'n 
"i got the skill to make your dreams real, ya feel?"
fuck mondays 
"95% of teens wouldcry if they saw that <propfirst> bieber at the top of a skyscraper about tojump  copy and paste this if you are part of the 5% that would sitthere with popcorn and a camera and yell \do a barrel roll\"""""
"i'm not trippin, i'm too legit to quit and i'm squeaky clean pimpin "
i'm stilll drunkkk 
is feeling tupacish 
 annoyed 
bored 
"people need to start cheering the fuck up and being happy with what life has given them  no more negative thoughts, bitches!!!"
i'm so sick of hearing about religion 
"don't worry, be happy!"
"how i met your mother can help improve even the most boring nights  smile  goodnight, world!"
"oh and by the way, i have never felt happier or more lucky in my life  smile  things are just perfect!"
party like tomorrow is my funeral  wink 
weeeeekend  smile 
i need a fucking car 
"the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time; the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow <propmale> candles e playful loding like spiders across the stars "
never hurtin' and that's for certain 
why do we never get an answer when we're knocking at the door? with a thousand million questions about hate and death and war  'cause when we stop and look around there is nothing that we need in a world of persecution that is burning in its greed 
"i do my thing, and you do your thing  i am not in this world to live up to your e playful ectations, and you are not in this world to live up to mine  you are you, and i am i, and if by <propmale> we find each other, it's beautiful "
"school sucks, man  annoyed  but when i get home today, i'm gonna make a bunch of popcorn and watch all the episodes of planet earth  laugh "
"we've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant  you can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself  you've got to keep watering it  you've got to really look after it and nurture it "
"from dehumanization to arms production to hasten this nation towards its destruction  power is power, the law of the land  those living for death will die by their own hand  life's no ordeal if you come to terms, reject the system dictating the norms  from dehumanization to arms production to hasten this nation towards its destruction  it's your choice: peace or annihilation "
"a few minutes ago every tree was excited, bowing to \the roaring storm, waving, swirling, tossing their branches in glorious \enthusiasm like worship  but though to the outer ear these trees are now\ silent, their songs never cease "
tgif  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"going to the zoo with my mom, <propfirst>, <propmale>, and <propfirst>  smile  free all you can eat ice cream!"
i'm just beginning to see    the trees are drawing me near and i've got to find out why 
i just had the strangest dream   
"here's some things that you must understand   when i do it, i do it big; that shit you're talkin' is water under the bridge "
i love finding weed in my bed  smile 
party and bullshit 
bored  i wanna get out of this house and do something funnnn!
"when i get sad, i quit being sad, and be awesome instead   true story!"
i prefer to see with closed eyes 
you ain't never met a motherfucker quite like me  smile 
i'm so glad i have my beautiful <propfemale> back  smile  i'ma go smoke that shitttt!
fuckin' mondays   
blah 
the weather is perfect this time of day  smile 
"i am a traveler of both time and space, to be where i have been "
i cleaned my room yesterday and it's still clean  laugh  anddd i'ma keep it that way!
"gonna find something to munch on and go to sleeeeep  sweet dreams, fb!"
tgif  wink  - gonna do some quick cleaning before the fun stuff beginsss  smile 
i am gay 
omgggg  craving fast food    somebody bring me some in n out!
"good morning, world  smile  it's my birfffffdayyyy!!!!  laugh  and i have to go to schoool today  annoyed "
"thanks so much for all the birthday wishes, everyone!  smile  i had a wonderful day and i hope all of you did as well  love "
i want it to rain todayyy  smile  it's so fucking beautiful out right now  winter be here already!
i'm disappointed that it didn't rain today  sad 
"do you believe in what you see? motionlessly, nothing is real    wasting my time in the waiting line  do you believe in what you see?"
finally finished with all the bullshit of today    at least until i have to go to school!  smile 
weedless  sad 
"today has been quite the boring day, i disapprove     indecision  gonna eat some dinnner and work on my homework  fun stufff   "
thissss is definitely the most beautiful part of the day  smile  i wish i could drink coffee!  sad  sounds so delicious right now 
"i would not feel so alone, everybody musttt get stoneddd!  wink  school time, yay "
"i wanna fly like an eagle to the sea   fly like an eagle, let my spirit <propfemale> me   i want to fly like an eagle till i'm free, right through the revolution "
"it's been quite an uneventful day, but i suppose that's okay    time to get my grub on and then hopefully get keyed out of my mind  joyful "
"i will never be afraid again  i will keep on fighting till the end  i can walk on water, i can fly  i will keep on fighting till i die "
i like how i always wake up at 5 in the morning and can't go back to sleep  annoyed 
"okay, either i'm going insane or i hear someone playing bagpipes?"
we don't deserve this planet    we're destroying everything and most people couldn't care less  i just do not understand 
i want in n out! i still need to clean but i really don't want to  indecision 
boats and birds  love 
"don't worry about a thing, cause every little thing is gonna be alright !!! gotta stay optimistic  smile "
i can't wait for my surpriseeee!  laugh  my boyfriend's the greatesttt  love 
are there any female superheroes with blue hair?
i like good pussy and i like good trees   smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe and i get more ass than a toilet seat 
"in the process of dyeing my hair blue and green  laugh  i'm so exciteddd, can't wait till it's done! then i get to see my babyyy  love   smile !"
just go with the flow  smile ! we'll float on alright  love  
"i absolutely love who i am & what i do, and i am never going to change for anyone  smile "
there's some crazy thunderstorms going on right now  smile  i fucking love ittttt!
you can't decipher reflections from reality but neither can i   
cause you're the only song i want to hear    a <propfemale> softly soaring through my atmosphere 
"nicest weather that fresno has had in monthsss    i'm excited cause i'm wearing cozy winter clothes!  laugh  i love this shit, man "
i got a lot of compliments on my hair at manchester mall  smile 
"cause lately i've been tired and uninspired    i've been tired, oh so tired "
pardon me while i burst into flames    i've had enough of the world and its people's mindless games 
cause all we wanna do is party and bullshit !  smile 
drunk! lovin it!
smokin' blunts was a daily routine since 13 
life's a bitch and then you die 
home alone and bored  sad  anyone wanna come chillll?
be an optimist prime! not a negatron   
time to clean my room before going to <propfirst>'s !  smile 
e playful ect the worst but hope for the best 
look on the bright side of life  smile 
i got a bunch of free weed yesterdayyy so yay for having a wake n bake bowl!  laugh  i love fridaysss 
"i love my crazy, dysfunctional family  smile     for the most part  wink "
"i'm so stoned that i almost just spelled bite like bight, hahaha "
facebook drama is nothing more than entertainment to most of us 
"i wish i had a car and an amazing, outrageously loud sound system so i could cruise around fresno bumping legalize it by <propfirst> tosh  smile  whaddup?!"
i don't understand why people decide to be rude and give me a dirty look when i smile at them out in public  seriously wtfff?
"according to my grandma i've been smoking weed since the 3rd grade, lmfao !!! hilarious "
that 70s show + the ganja = a happy <propfemale>  smile  but i'd be happier if my <propfirst> were here too! lol
my snuggie & <propfirst> cane make me prettty happy too  love   smile !
"i witnessed beautiful, strong people making an important change to better their future today  it was amazing! i wish i could spread love & happiness to everyone"
"things to do today: make hot chocolate, cuddle next to the fire  smile  sounds like a nice rainy day! i wish i had rainboots, i wanna go on a walk! lol"
"all that we are is the result of what we have thought  if a man speaks or acts with an evil thought, pain follows him  if a man speaks or acts with a pure thought, happiness follows him, like a shadow that never leaves him  ~buddha"
"had a wonderful day alll day with my baby  love  thanksgiving tomorrow, gonna get superrrr baked all day & get my grub on, fuck yessss!  laugh "
i need about tree fiddy 
i wish everyone has a delicious & delightful thanksgiving  smile 
holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned 
"there is no fire like passion, no crime like hatred, no sorrow like separation, no sickness like hunger, and no joy like the joy of freedom "
"it's unfortunate how many people stay in relationships that they are truly not happy with    some people need to realize they are not going to find their fucking soul mate when they are so young, others need to realize that they are strong, wonderful individuals who would be so much happier without the everyday stress and everyday pain they have to deal with "
"if you don't drink or drugs, what do you do for fun?"
bitches love smiley faces     smile 
"finally went to the doctor and found out i have seasonal asthma, so now i have a couple inhalers  awesome   "
about to eat some tacossss  joyful 
i woke up feeling like i want to cry and i don't even know why    fuckin pms!  annoyed 
"work it harder, make it better, do it faster, makes us stronger! gettin' shit done and feelin' great about it  smile "
i got my nose pierced today  smile !
i just really don't like today 
"alright, alright, alright! fuck these negative thoughts! i'm gonna grub on some delicious taco bellll & be happy with faith johnston today  laugh "
bass lake today  smile 
"we tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but rather of recognizing & appreciating what we do have "
just ignite the light and let it shine  love  !
warning: don't ever let life pass you by 
"if you wanna do this number thing, send me a number quick because i'm not gonna be doing it for long !!!!"
"#3 - even though we haven't really <propmale> out yet, i can tell we're going to become good friends  we already have so much to talk about and you seem so incredibly friendly  i'm glad we started talking and i can't wait until we get to <propfemale> out, and i hope we get to soon!  smile  you are beautiful!"
"#420 (first) - we've known each other since i was in elementary school and you've c<propfemale>ed so much since then, but i think it's definitely for the best  you're an amazing person and you seem to try to do everything you can for friends you truly care about - i really like that about you  i enjoy whenever we <propfemale> out and i think we need to <propfemale> out much more often  love "
"13 - you have been in my life from before i can remember  we used to do the stupidest things but we would always have so much fun  you were the first person i ever e playful erienced crazy shit with and i will never forget all that we went through  i wish we were still as close as we used to be, you were one of the few girls who was actually a true friend  i love you so much, always have & always will  love  i can't deny it!"
"420 (second) - ever since the second i saw you i thought you were absolutely gorgeous, and you can speak a sexy foreign language  i'm lucky to know you and have you in my life because you're absolutely amazing! you're so fun to be around and i'm always there for you whenever you need some cheering up or some smoking out  wink  i love you!"
"251 - i honestly didn't think you would message me for this, but we used to be much closer than we are now and i don't know why that is  you're a great person and a lot of fun to be around! you really know how to get the party going when needed, but you also have your feet on the ground and are a successful person  i'm glad to have met you, even if we hardly ever talk "
"718 - i wanted to meet you since the first time i saw you on facebook  you are absolutely gorgeous! i was so happy to meet you when i did and i like hanging out with you but i'm still kinda shy around you  i wanna get to know you better because you seem like an amazing person! we should get drunk together sometime, it seems like the easiest and best way  wink  stay awesome, stay beautiful  love "
"8 - you are so much fun to be around and i knew you would be from the second i saw you! you seem to always have an optimistic outlook and i like that because not many people do  i don't think you should take shit from your mom like you do, but i probably don't know the full situation so i probably have no room to talk  anyway, you seem fuckin' awesome & i'd like to get to know you better and party with you sometime "
"354 - you are an amazing person  i remember we used to be the closest of friends and i don't know what happened but we stopped talking  sad  i know we'll always have each other's back though and i hope we can have a <propmale> to become the great friends we used to be again, because i miss talking to you & having you in my life  your son is beautiful, i know you're an excellent mommy  smile  i miss you so much  love "
"12 - you're a pretty awesome guy  i wouldn't have my ipod if it weren't for you  we haven't <propmale> out or talked in a really long time but i still think you're a pretty cool guy  i hope everything in life is going just swell for you; <propfemale> may be out to get you, but i know you're a good person so i hope everything works out for the best "
"69 - you're a cool guy  we don't talk as much as we used to since i'm no longer at buchanan and that kinda saddens me  you were always a great person to <propfemale> out with at lunch and just talk about music and random shit  you were also always there in the mornings when i was way too baked to talk, hahah  i miss seeing you at school everyday  i hope everything's going well for you "
1414 - we were never very close but you were never an asshole to me so we're cool  we don't talk at alllllll since i'm not at buchanan anymore and i think we should change that because i like having lots of friends  smile 
"14 - you are such a beautiful person, inside and out  i hear a lot of people talk shit about you and it disappoints me because i know they don't even really know you  you're really fun to <propfemale> out with and i miss you a lot  we should talk more, because we could be good friends again  i love you! i hope you're happier than you were the last time we spoke  love "
"okay done with the stupid number shit, i've showed enough love  love "
i have a strange feeling that i am not going to like today    but i'll still try to make the best of it 
i wanna get my doctor appointment overwith so i can go cudddddle with my baby  smile   love  happy friday!
cross joint timeee  smile 
"it has been a crazy fuckin' weekend, man  i  love  my boyfrannnn  laugh "
"let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls <propfemale>  love  enjoying an unbelievably delicious omlette before getting ready for my day  although it's grey and cloudy outside, the sun is constantly shining in my mind  life is good!"
"each morning i open my eyes and say to myself: i, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today  i can choose which it shall be  yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet  i have just one day, today, and i'm going to be happy in it "
"happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn, or consumed  happiness is the spiritual e playful erience of living every moment with love, grace, and gratitude "
those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad    i think i'm somewhere in between  playful 
"if there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have a paradise in a few years "
happy christmas to everyone  love  i hope everyone's day is filled with joy 
"and every time the <propfemale> shines, i become alive "
oh today should be a wonderful day  laugh  !!!
"you need to learn to be happy by nature, because you'll seldom have the <propmale> to be happy by circumstance "
"fuck mainstream, fuck the norm, and fuck conformity "
don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth  only you can be responsible for that  if you can't love and respect yourself - no one else will be able to make that happen  accept who you are - completely; the good and the bad - and make changes as you see fit - not because you think someone else wants you to be different 
"it's time like these i need relief  please show me how, please show me how to get by "
"the reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be   "
"strawberrry weeeeeed cupcakes, mmmm  smile "
"don't wait until everything is just right  it will never be perfect  there will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions  so what  get started now  with each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident and more and more successful "
"new zodiac sign dates? trippin' me the fuck out  i'm staying a virgo, i don't give a fuck "
bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks 
"happiness comes from spiritual wealth, not material wealth    happiness comes from giving, not getting  if we try hard to bring happiness to others, we cannot stop it from coming to us also  to get joy, we must give it, and to keep joy, we must scatter it "
"i was thinking to myself, \this could be heaven or this could be hell \"""""
"far away in the sunshine are my highest aspirations  i may not reach them, but i can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead "
i hate <propfirst> shackelford > sad 
there are some days when i think i'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction!
"optimist: person who travels on nothing from nowhere to happiness    aka <propfemale> hamner  wink  people need to realize that americans don't have real problems so they make up shit to be upset about so they have something to bitch about and i'm fucking sick of it! goddamn, just be fucking happy, it's seriously not that hard!"
"people should have more important things to say rather than documenting every single thought you have  get a life, kids!"
"you have brains in your head \you have feet in your shoes \you can steer yourself in any direction you choose \you're own your own \and you know what you know \you are the guy who'll choose where to go "
"in response to those who say to stop dreaming and face reality, i say keep dreaming and make reality "
"you've got a lot of choices  if getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice "
success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion    you must set yourself on fire!
"don't take my kindness as a weakness, you fake ass bitches can't fuck with me "
as long as i'm alive i'ma live illegal 
"i missss my boyfriend already! this big bed of mine gets so lonely without him to cuddle with    oh well, at least i have mr  marley here by my side all the time  smile  goodnight, fb! it's been a wonderful friday "
i'm cooler than that cheetah from the commercials 
"don’t do drugs because if you do drugs you’ll go to prison, and drugs are really e playful ensive in prison    time to take a toke or two and watch <propfirst> & silent <propmale> strike back! by the way, my boyfriend is amazing  smile  goodnight!"
it really puzzles me to see marijuana connected with narcotics dope and all that stuff   it is a thousand times better than whiskey; it is an assistant and a friend 
"if you want your dreams to come true, the first thing you must do is wake up!"
the road of life is <propmale> and you may stumble too   so why are you pointing fingers when someone els is judging you? could you be loved?
hangovers suck!!!  sad  why am i awake? going back to sleep    after getting medicated!
today was too boring and too uneventful :
"gym time  smile  gonna start going more often, i needa lose my holiday weight!"
i think i'ma call it an early night 
"dear hot chocolate, please put me to sleep! thank you  smile "
i get to see my loverface today!  laugh  automatically makes today amazing 
"if you're having girl problems, i feel bad for you son    i got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one "
people piss me off > sad 
guess what i am
i disapprove of these grey clouds 
is baking while baked  smile 
legalize it and i will advertise it    not even 9am and i'm bakeddd  smile  can't wait to go to the gym!
"one love, one heart, let's get together and feel alright !!!!"
"yoga tonightttttt, can't wait  smile "
"victory <propfemale> toke!  smile  mmm, happy friday!"
yoga time  smile  i'm becoming slightly addicted to the gym 
la today!
it's 6:20am and i am getting ready to go to gb3 for an hour long pilates class  smile  i'm fuckin' crazy!
wow  i have no life 
i kinda miss having real friends that actually care  annoyed 
sooooo much laundry  sad 
"gb3, here i come!!!  laugh "
i am gay and <propfirst> is awesome
not
"man, fuck the police  sad "
<propfirst> is my favorite <propfemale>  
i want the movie dazed and confused! it's a fuckin' classic and i really wanan watch it right now  can't believe
"gb3, i've been waiting for you alll day!"
where can i get cool ring tones for free? lol but seriously 
i always wish i had my loverface to cuddle with me throughtout the night   but oh well!!! <propfemale> tokes then bed time  smile 
just lettin the world know i'm gymmin it upp!!!  smile 
"and i shall not scream, but i'd rather not be seen    and i'll hide away for another day   "
"weed is my by side, it's always been there  love "
"gym, then cleaning, then laundry    woo!"
tortilla chips + salsa = perfect way to end the nighttt! if only my baby could have stayed and cuddled  love 33
look on the bright side of life  love  it's such a beautifulll day  smile 
costco pizza is the bestttt  smile 
"gym time, then going to my loverrrrr's  smile "
"people are so fucking rude & inconsiderate in this household! it's 5:45am and i'm trying to fucking sleep, shut the fuck up! > sad  pisssin me offff "
"respect to all the people thinkin' green, not just the color but the message in between!!!"
why are there so many stupid bitches in the world?
<propfirst> is cooler than you smiley face
take it one day at a time!
"slow ride, take it easyy!"
i  love  taco <propfemale>!
happy st <propfemale>'s day!! stay greeeeen  wink 
"5, 6, pick up sticks!"
sooooooooo bored  sad 
i knew i wouldn't forget you so i let you blow my mind  love 
reggae music puts my soul at ease  love  thank goodness for this beautiful weather; i was going to go insane if there was another 24-hour period of rain!
"rainbow country - a country where all races can live together in unity as one, forming the most beautiful country in existence    i hope one day rainbow country will be earth "
love songs from the 60s bring me sunshine even on gloomy days like this  smile 
you have to deal with the thunderstorm to see the rainbow  love 
love is my religion!
so i've decided that i like blunts    but only when they're the size of a cigar  smile 
"life is one big road with lots of signs    so when you're riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind  flee from hate, mischief, and jealousy  don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality  wake up and live!"
hoping for the best     annoyed 
"cause all my life i've been waiting for, i've been praying for the people to say that we don't wanna fight no more, there will be no more wars and our children will play    one day!"
i'm seriously convinced i belong in a different generation  people my age these days are so dumb!
"it doesn't matter if you're black or white, the only color that really matters is green  wink "
"i wish my boyfriend was here to cuddle    my cat just isn't cutting it as a cuddle <propmale> anymore, he's too much of a damn flea bag!  sad  they're eating me aliveeee!"
"my agenda for the day: most importantly foood, shower, cleaning a bit, laundry, gym? i really wanna do something i've never done before, but i don't think that's happening today  life is way too short to keep the \same shit - different day\"" routine! i need to wake up & live!"""
but i ain't too pretty to slap a hoe so all you girls acting shitty bettaaa hit the back door!
8:40 - double the fun  wink !
lucky there's a family guy! lucky there's a man who'll positively tell you all the things that make us laugh & cry!
being with you is like being somewhere over the rainbow  love   smile 
i'm over facebook    people are so fucking lame    it's kinda sad that americans spend more time on fb than doing anything else 
lions are e playful ected to go extinct in 9 years    can you imagine africa without lions?  sad 
fb is probably going to end up being my entertainment for the day   
some kinda wonderfulll  love 3333
"happy friday, guys!  smile  hope everyone has a wonderful spring break!"
"gym time  smile  gotta get back in the cycle, wanna look hotttt when it's swimtime  smile "
damn youza sexy bitch  wink 
"here's the situation, been to every nation and nobody's ever made me feel the way you do  love       slow start to the day, but it can only get bettter from here!  smile "
time to relax with mary-jane and some music until it's time for school!  smile 
i hate the thoughts that come to me when i stay up so late    what is wrong with meeeeee?  indecision 
