042d0987d618ff5325c654e1484120f3
my hypochondriac uncle with a really bad stutter is temporarely living in my house
"i got spammed with college information emails suddenly, i think its a conspiracy"
no homework is awsome
i cant stop watching the commercial with the doritos and the little black boy
you ever have one of those days   ?
just remebered it's monday after forgetting *grumble*   
does it make sense to say sorry when you do something you don't regret?
"after staatscongress i'm sure my name is cursed; within 10 minutes of someone i've never seen before learns my last name, they call me pits "
"the health care reform <propmale> has over 1000 pages, how is anyone supposed to support or oppose something they can't possibly understand?"
just learned to never get his teeth drilled without anesthesia ever again 
"the more time i spend on homework, the worse the quality gets "
"oh god, my relatives are here getting drunk , and they're starting to do shots    help me "
happy spring equinox
missing school for a day feels great 
i hate chacha with a passion 
started filming our <propmale> project today  we spent 3 hours and got 2 out of 7 scenes done 
just got back from florida 
i just ate 4 chicken filets and a huge bowl of corn within 15 minutes  and im still hugnry 
won our game against the komets today 6-5! ah yeah!!!!
so i've heard this farmville thing is pretty addicting    i think i might try it 
my parents said i need to get a summer job    any ideas?
"i woke up late this morning after i turned my alarm clock off because i thought it was trying to trick me into waking up early  ya, that's what my mornings are like "
"two games in one day is brutal    but i didn't injure myself, so it's all good "
"got a yellow card today, and almost got a red  but at least we played better overall "
camping over the weekend was awsome  it's always nice to have your personal hygiene standards lowered for a while 
is addicted to air-heads 
suck it england
i love ties
did i get here fast enough for ronaldo hating?
"<propfemale> needs to play smarter, there just trying to force it up the middle"
steak n' shake is better at midnight 
damn you ghana
we lost  sad  time to root for mexico!
some liquid is leaking from my car  anyone know what it could be?
so i heard the last airbender was awful 
i can't believe i spent $10 99 for a pack of duds 
"germany will win tomorrow, and spain will win on sunday  it's been preordained by <propfirst> "
thanks everyone 
inception was awsome
my schedule is all messed up  applegate will be hearing from me 
my family: where the handicapped are a common discussion topic 
is in germany 
what purpose does english class serve?
you just blew my mind again snapple 
what are we suppose to do with french toast sticks when we don't have any syrup?
"paranormal activity 2 gave me a headache, is this normal?"
anyone know what the score of the fishers game was?
sometimes i want to copys someone's status word for word and see if they notice
"thanksgiving was nice, but i got sick and didn't get to bed till 7am  just woke up  today sucks "
why am i suddenly seeing an abundance of pokemon profile pictures?
there won't be any snow  trust me i know these things 
nothing to worry about    i've seen a couple episodes of man vs  wild so i think i'm gonna be ok 
i just wasted $37 on a pair of shitty headphones  this weekend didn't start out right 
what would mlk and <propmale> x talk about if they met  need some ideas 
it's good to see our military once again wasting its huge budget meddling in foreign affairs 
