06a11db3fc5e9f1f49676b54a2fd990e
intermittently in la holla and boulder for 2 weeks    my escape from lames!
"boulder    home of the hippies, independently minded people, and the most attractive females in the u s "
is amused at the wow video facebook internet worm going around   
"arrr, today be international talk like a pirate day mates!"
"math is the universal language, right? if so, then why doesn't facebook allow you to translate facebook to math? it lets you translate it into pirate english, but not math  annoying   "
"the 5 d's of dodgeball: dodge, duck, dip, dive, and dodge "
goal tomorrow: murph in sub 50 minutes as rx'd!
excited to have organ meat back on the menu and it's going to be a glorious feast!
happy stuffing day!
ready for the snow!
"dsm nws - \   an epic and extremely dangerous winter storm today through wednesday   \"" epic!!  laugh """
isu closed   8ft drift against my front window   3ft drifts around my car   49mph wind gusts = not going anywhere soon 
"for time, shovel self out and shovel car out - as an additional challenge, use a broom instead of a shovel: 56 smile 0 "
winter storm for the midwest dec  23 24 25
"250 strands of lights, 100 individual bulbs per strand for a grand total of 25,000 lights!  drum roll please!"
another epic winter storm for the midwest   
is now a homeowner   scary   
happy new year! 2011
chicago with a couple friends from russia
happy birthday sir <propmale> <propmale>!
<propfirst> robertson - your talking privelages have been revoked    go sit in the corner and rethink your life 
dangerous ice storm to cripple central iowa begins tonight through thursday   
colts!!!
needs to invest in some soccer socks   shins bleeding every day from deads and cleans   
happy birthday <propmale>!
happy birthday g  washington!
eats 130g of fat day - nice!
tsunami forecast for hawaii beginning early afternoon cst or late morning hst   
tsunami observed along ca coast - 2 2ft peak causing damage to navigational buoys - e playful ected to continue with possible larger peaks for the next several hours
"avatar = bad and not original at all  i was constantly reminded of dances with wolves, the last samurai, warcraft, starcraft, and the matrix to just name a few  i will not begin to mention the number of cliches that fill the movie   "
real men use spikes on their foam roller   
put 2 jump ropes out of their misery today   
a 13 and a 11 year old took 1st and 2nd in a singles this weekend - ridiculous
dairy 100% gone    lactic acid starter culture was tricky to find but is the end of it! good riddance!
"thinking 1-arm pull-ups sounds fun at the moment   in a sick, crossfit kind of way!  laugh "
"supported a number of federal law suits recently, and enjoying having won each of them - yes, times are changing for the best of the people!"
"every day is earth day  so today, i decided to take a day off  i left the car running, started an oil fire in the backyard, turned all the lights on in the house, turned the heat up and opened all the windows, and left the oven and stove on  also, i just flushed the toilet for the 100th time today and left the faucets running  yeah, a day off feels pretty good!"
vibrams at jax!!!! i'm there like yesterday!
organic beer + working in the yard
fb is changing before my eyes and they're failing at css 
dow sdrawkcab  eht! woohoo 70 burpees to start everything off  laugh 
survived <propfemale> with a 4:19 for the first round and a 27:47 total time  i take back everything i said about her   now i just want to crawl into a hole and die 
\to save the world requires faith and courage: faith in reason, and \06a11db3fc5e9f1f49676b54a2fd990e,<propfemale> jam!
"boulder, co! where the hippies are abundant "
http annoyed  www msnbc msn com id 37213165 ?gt1=43001
most of the wheatsfield employees know me! i didn't think i went there that often   
<propfemale> tomorrow!
<propfemale> in 7 35 - pr of 47 seconds!
whatever works!
rowed a 1 56 500m on a 4 damper setting (realistic) at about 90% capacity this morning  i'll do sub 1 40 next time but sub 1 30 is going to be a bitch!
"congrats <propfirst> burgener! representing crossfit with another gold in the snatch,c&j, and overall in the national weightlifting championships  usa olympic team once again!"
"severe storms in ia late afternoon early evening with damaging winds, very large hail, and a few tornadoes - possibly strong!"
tornado watch to be issued shortly for north central east ia  environment for north central ia very supportive of destructive wind hail and strong toradoes 
paleo crab cakes! i'll take on <propfirst> flay anytime   
happy summer solstice!
"five rounds for time of annoyed \45 pound barbell overhead walking lunges, 50 feet\\21 burpees\finished in 10 19 as rx, everything unbroken  firebreather time? any harder and i would have passed out - almost did last 5 burpees!"
about to get rocked by some storms!
"she came to me one night  e playful lored my body, licked, \sucked, swallowed! when satisfied, she left & i was hurt!    fucking\ mosquito!"
hmmm someone killed on the tracks on duff?
frozen blueberries    mmmm
i knew it was time for some <propfemale> snatch!  smile 
"epic flooding ongoing e playful ected today in ames! from the nws: \people along the south skunk river from the ames area to below colfaxshould prepare for flood levels never seen before along the river \"""""
"flash flood watch - heavy rain again late tonight through tomorrow night  e playful ect 2-4+ inches of additional rain  rivers e playful ected to rise rapidly and pose life threatening conditions  delays in response due to rapidly rising waters may mean the difference between safety and extreme danger  turn around, don't drown "
"water\ use by ames residents and businesses is hindering efforts to restore \drinking water  only essential health and sanitation uses are advised  mandatory restrictions may be put into place "
"coffee, coffee, coffee, beans!"
"what is to children: <propfemale> claus, the easter <propfemale>, the tooth <propfemale>, boogieman, god - lies"
another triple espresso kind of day   
september = fantasy football!
upgrading to a pair of rogue do-wins   
"finally put 200# over my head!! new goal, 300#!"
i've never seen an office blow as many forecasts as dmx    wtf are you people doing!?
i may sleep in the do wins    
you'd have to find a whole lot of gnomes   
go cards! oh and i hope the clones had plenty of lube   because that had to hurt!
"happy autumnal equinox! it begins at 10 surprise 9 tonight!\also look for the super harvest <propfemale>, which won't happen again until 2029 "
fight gone bad! new pr - 267
i love snatch(es)   
cosmic strings and time travel   
"the republicans are ridiculous  they're still backing o'donnell and claiming that what she meant to say was whether the exact phrase could be found in the first amendment  however, she did not state her question that way  this is the formality of a debate  so stop your bitching, and grow the fuck up! what a bunch of <propfirst>'s "
"the reality of politics   \http annoyed  www madatoms com site blog the-realities-of-politics"
i'll pay someone to drive to the kcid asos and put some water in the tipping bucket!!! anyone!?
"sunday musing - life can be simply described as the result from a system in a high state of entropy  thus, making life far more valuable than if it were the result of some sky daddy "
i voted today!
"the http has several security holes and your information can be easily taken  i can easily become the middle-man and take anyone's information (userid,password,credit card #'s, ect) on any unsecured <propfemale>  seeing as most <propfemale>s are unsecured, nearly everyone is at risk! the point is, if you are going to log-in to any site on the internet, make sure that the server is using https or ssl "
"i voted republican because i'm a christian, and the republican party is god's party  i know this because he told me so "
playing with some new lenses i bought for my camera   
"please\ vote today  you live in a country where you have the opportunity to \change policy with your vote once every few years  do not squander this \opportunity  also, please take the time to research the issues most \important to you-listen to nothing you hear and see on tv, for or \against your position "
snow chasing   
first in the forecast contest!!! nsa
bit the box today    now have a nice gash and huge bruise on my <propfemale>   
glad that was only 3 rounds and not 7    tough luck morning crew    or should i say guinea pigs 
cubans and vodka from a skull
go <propfemale>!
"so today i learned that there is a christian (not affiliated with the wbc) who agrees that the recent shooting in az was a good thing and also that abstinence-only sex education is the only way to prevent unwanted pregnancies  wow, a day filled with sad* laughs  how deluded are these people?"
1 21 gigawatts!
submitted my first paper as lead author!
"good bye <propmale> cox  don't let the door hit you in the ass, douchebag!"
"we need a government overhaul, including the removal of current leadership and dismantling of dual parties   "
facebook - give me my enter button back    no i don't want to press enter to post a comment!
"my favorite question to ask evolution deniers: so the change in distribution and frequency of alleles of a population do not change with time? the change in alleles have been observed to change over time (evolution)  see english peppered moth, single nucleotide in a <propfirst> (mutation), <propfirst> flow (migration) and (natural) selection (the result of mutation) "
going to alaska uaf for a couple weeks at the end of may to be a nerd and work with other climate modeling folks    this immediately after a trip to boston and poland    it's going to be a busy month
