88a5fe5ff5568b53c7326ef2104ece4c
needs something to do
is hopeing for at least a 50% on that english project
can't seem to sleep    
is ready for his 3 day weekend
is going to the play on sunday for some free punch and cookies
enjoyed his first day off
"sherlock holmes, great movie"
freeze <propfirst>  stops time  tell your friends 
spring break!!!
"went to my preregistration for college and got a job offer, i think im in good shape "
i really like when things go my way
iron man 2 on friday
"iron man 2, good movie"
i really hate mrs  dowling
woooo! i have my phone back!
"<insert some inspirational quote about life and stuff here> oh, and yay for graduating"
"why do they call it the funny bone?  waking up, and smashing it on a windowsill isn't a fun way to start the morning "
"1990, was 20 years ago"
"well, today was a fun day "
i feel like something really bad is about to happen 
"everyone needs to see a tesla coil, they are absolutely amazing"
life is good
i move in on thrusday   
i'm back to being a freashman
"off to college, who knows when ill be back   "
"college parties are great    only threw up twice, but it was fun!"
even the busses are being difficult
"so, fireworks, up here, were really awesome"
"i am really bored, and kinda wish i had someone to chat with "
"things to know for using trains in chicago,1 even though you can get on bored and buy a ticket there, it is cheaper to get it from the ticket counter (does not count for times after 1 pm or on the weekends)2 have a really detailed map of the area where the train stations are, you may want to go east, but the train might put you by the west exit,3 bring something to do, you wait on the trains, not the other way around"
i love my freshly prepared pot
i dislike depressing daydreams
its the weekend! yay!
"if you're brave , copy this to your status, and see what people rate \you!!(1)crazy (2)wish we went out  (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) \lovable (6)sexy(7)strong ( smile  dumb (9) ripped (10) mouthy (11) wild \(12)goofy (13) funny(14) awesome (15) beautiful (16) amazing \(17)cute (1 smile gorgeous (19) fun to talk to (20)"
ah ha ha     portal
inception tomorrow
yay for wifi at college
yay for the unit circle    
"i really don't like my critical thinking teacher, i don't think he knows what he is doing   "
"well, i missed the bus, missed the train, walked like 6 <propmale>, forgot the tickets, got the tickets, walked to the place, then had a great time, was a lot of fun, we the kings is a great band"
i am kinda tired     but i have class in a few hours     so i can't go to sleep     dang
\i can tell your mood just by your eyes\,88a5fe5ff5568b53c7326ef2104ece4c,i love math!!!
new phone!
ate a meal at bww for 10$
"grrr, college is getting annoying"
you can ask me one question (only in my inbox) you will have my full honesty  put this as youre status and see what u get asked 
"(kid if my math class) \can i leave early? i am done with my test\""\",88a5fe5ff5568b53c7326ef2104ece4c,"i had a really great time today, i hope i can have another fun-filled day tomorrow"
"i reeeeeaaaaallllllyyy should be doing my work right now     lol, math final tomorrow    "
i hate writing essays   
"first day of my electronics class, seems pretty easy, till you get to the toys, that he hasn't shown us to use, luckily i know this cool guy from my math class and he taught me how to use it all, and then gave me a ride back to my apartment"
"this class is putting me to sleep  sad , and on top of that, i left my house so fast that i forgot my phone at my apartment    this sucks   "
"wooo, finished my essay, time to do some working out and then sleep, class at 8 am     yay    "
life is good
"so apparently, when it comes to logic, 1+1=1"
"i feel like i am going to be late to this class every week, but every week i end up almost an hour early      stupid buses and their random times"
"well, apparently i don't know anything in my electronics class   sooooooo friday has now been dedicated to figuring it all out "
hmmmm paper and stuff due     ugh
"i had a moment of understanding today, when i figured out why the highest number in an ip address is 255 at any point"
anyone have a spare goat that i can sacrifice?
"so my teacher e playful lains how this flowchart works   i tell him he is wrong   we argue   then come to the conclusion that i am right and he is wrong   yea, i win "
2 hours to get home from school     sheesh
home for the weekend
"yea, my girlfriend is the best girlfriend someone could ask for"
i miss having internet whenever i wanted it 
is anyone even paying attention to this?
"good luck blue ridge soccer team, i wish i could go see the game tomorrow"
life
ugh  class
truth is    
"today was good, made friends with a guy who is in my english and my math class, he drives to school and i am on his way, and for tutoring him in math, he offered to give me a ride to class whenever and free lunch whenever     score"
i failed  sad  the guy i was helping with math failed his math quiz
anyone want to add me on skype?
"behonest!! \ if you think i'm cute, like this status   if you love me put a ? if i'm\ your friend put a  smile   if you'd go out with me put a  wink   if you miss me \put a  annoyed    if you ever had a crush on me put an  laugh    if you'd like to \get to know me better put a =p, if you dislike me put a  sad   if you don't\ care put a  indecision   if you'   re brave enough , re-post this as your status  smile "
how do you write a <propfemale> long introduction paragraph?
i am really bored
"it is very quiet, and i am bored"
inbox only!!! tell me something you have always wanted to tell me  it stays between me and you!!
it is a terrible feeling when the guy you are tutoring has to drop the class you are tutoring him in    sad 
this is the maddest i have been in a long time 
gotta love conventions     
life can just make you feel so good at times
"home for the weekend, anyone want to <propfemale> out a bit?"
found the car keys     lost my headphones and my mouse connector
"i've got nothing to do, and all day to do it"
i already know today is going to be a terrible day
"i have no idea how to write a research paper, and the teacher e playful ects me to know     i am going to have a long conversation with my teacher"
"i just got my picture taken, 30 times   "
"yea, most famous <propfirst> dabrowski in the world, google me, i am the first image"
christmas break starts on the 19th
being worried sucks
family party
why isn't christmas break here yet?
i want friday to come faster
"wow, only 30 <propfemale> one way, from my school to the apartment, that is a record for me (via bus)"
 annoyed 
i have the most common blood type
8$ salad    obtained for 2$
"oh pokemon      how you promote slavery with your beating up of random creatures, capturing them, and then forcing them to beat up other random creatures "
what is with all of the number stuff?
sooo    number game?
"1445678937429340084391764- you are a pretty cool guy and it is always nice to hear your mechanics advice   i can't wait to <propfemale> out with you some more, maybe some time over winter break"
"16- i haven't gotten to know you very well, but we had a fun time   you were really fun to <propfemale> out with all day and i am glad the you made it home on time     after getting a ride to the train station by a police officer "
"55- so i haven't really gotten to <propfemale> out with you very much, but the time we have spent was fun   i thought you were pretty cool and when i heard you played soccer i thought you were a lot cooler (being a soccer player myself )  i really wish i could have made the haloween party, but i was busy, i am sure there will be other chances, and i can't wait "
"666- hey, you are a really cool guy, and very creative with your ideas, and it is pretty awesome   hanging out with you is always an ingredient for fun, and i can't wait till we can all get together and you can dm a game, once you get all of your ideas together "
"9491- i remember the first day you rode the bus with us, and i felt like you were a really cool person   i always enjoyed chatting with you on the bus and thinking back at it i can't help but laugh   we had many fun bus rides and you shall always be the pottymouth to me "
"1189- where do i start? you are the most amazing person i have ever met, i can never really tell what you are thinking and i like that   you always sneeze twice and you love to <propfemale> out with your friends, which i get jelous of but i know i shouldn't   i can't wait to see you this weekend and spend more time with you   smile "
"69- i remember the days of our computer classes and how much fun they were   we would make her so angry as a group and it was always really funny   you have some really cool drawing that i always like to look at, and i miss chatting with you every day in class "
my girlfriend is amazing 
"going to be home from the 20th-26th, anyone want to <propfemale> out? (already have plans on the 20th for dinner) my girlfriend will be around till the 23 at least"
video game day!!!! no final till thursday    
done with school!! for 2 weeks    family parties on sat  and sun  tron with my girlfriend and friends     some fun days up ahead
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
heading north soon
not sure what to do tonight    
and now break is officially over  sad 
just got back from my first 8 am class     not looking forward to the rest of them
does someone want to do my homework and go to my calc ii class for me?
"i am bored, someone should talk to me"
good night everyone
it's calc ii time
"calc ii, the only place where using a formula is the most difficult part"
"hmmm     i went to sleep an hour early, and woke up 30 <propfemale> early      now what to do for 30 <propfemale>     "
"i just do not understand why people drink, i mean, this woman was drunk on the train, and she couldn't figure out how to open a door, so she missed her stop, and the next 7 or so stops after    why would you want to be that stupid?"
"oh weekend, how i wish you could have stayed longer"
yay for doing better in my calc class than i thought!
"soooo, i am bored, anyone want to chat?"
"anyone else ever get the glitch, were you add someone, and then you see their posts, but you can't reply to them or anything, and it says your friend request is still pending?"
doesn't look like i get a snow day     i get to wait for the bus in the snow!    
and then there was class  sad 
i will never trust a case of soda to not fall apart ever again
i wish the weekend was here already
cookie monster music
it is really cold outside
convention today!
