8ee06aacf5ee0e3a93ce571efca39ba6
i suck at facebook  smile 
yo <propfirst> wats up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i might come to anoy ur sister soon
lol well i need to put more pics on my profile and i kinda suck at taken new pics     so ugly  laugh 
so bored
"i luv u all and good night,"
lol so im trying to put my new pics on here and i cant figure how to do it lol
everybody talks about how in luv they are when they've only been dating for a couple of days    first of all your not really in luv    you just love them    being in luv is when you can go up to them and say that you would die for them    that you would do anything to make that person you say ur in luv with happy    anything!!!    you still think your in luv???
"people spend there whole life looking for luv, and once they think they found it, they regret it  dont look for luv, luv is looking for u but u keep turning in diffrent directions to find it, it cant keep up  let luv look for you and relax and enjoy life"
"i need prayer, im going through alot and stressed out, message me to know whats going on if u dont know"
"it sucks when u try to stand out and be visible, but then when u do stand out, u realise its better to just stay invisible"
who thinks i should chop all my hair off?!?!?!?!?!?!  laugh 
hair is <propmale> gone  sad 
"today is my first day at school, everyone wish me luck      i miss u all"
"okay this was totaly funny, my first day at school i went to spanish 2, i was like 10 mins late and the first thing anyone said when i walked in is and i quote \ damn that boy is fine\""  i tried not to blush but idk if did or not  ghetto schools suck  laugh """
"so like tomarrow is my b day    and i just want to spend it with my friends back in arlington, im so sorry i had to move, i serously come close to crying sometimes  sad "
awww thanks !
im finaly almost 18  laugh 
i miss all my friends  laugh 
thanks everybody  laugh 
im so bored tired confusr and many other things
i luv every 1 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
school today was better    ppl started talking to me  but i promise they will never replace you guys    you know who im refering this to guys that read this
i need a model agency      any one have any ideas?
i still miss my long hair
"when some one you love has hurt you so bad that you want to hate them, but inside your heart, you know you can't, but you will never forgive that person nor forget  i have truly been broken  god please take this pain and wanted hatred in my heart away "
"rawr, lol im finaly getting a lil muscle, thank god"
"i need a car, then i need a 6 pack so i can get into modeling"
"im like in <propfirst> with my sister and her roomate, traffic sucks bad, and its really crowded  not my kind of place, but its all worth it to see my older sis  i love you <propfemale>!!!!!!!!"
"so i just got back from seeing tron, and i hated it  horrible movie, so slow and boring"
"lol so im doing my homework thats really hard, god i hate world geography  any one wanna give me some answers, i need the who what when where and why \venerable bede annoyed pope <propfirst> vii annoyed sephardim and ashkenazim annoyed i could keep going about 30 more people, but im sur no one will do my homework over facebook  annoyed "
"so yeah, its snowing"
all time low is awsome
if there was to be a zombie apocalipse to break out right now and we met up somwhere safe what would be the first thing you would say to me and your weapon of choice  repost this to find out what your friends would say
my 3d projecter is awsome
my soon to be phone is awsome
im on facebook with my dads phone  technology really has come a long way
"<propfemale> mutt vick was here!! hahaha!! love you, <propfirst>  love "
"just got done with my spanish project, god i hate spanish ii class"
"okay, so i was looking at my friends that went to middle school with me and realised that most of the people that i went to middle school with dont remeber me, i even went to hedgecox! if you remember me from elemetry middle school, like this  i know i look a little diffrent lol"
"so yeah, my friend took me to game stop to get the new dissidia game, im so happy!!!!"
like my status and ill tell you what i love about you!!!!! so do it!!!!
"i know 10 facts about you\1  you are reading this \2  you can't say m without touching your lips\3  you just tried it\4  you just smiled or laughed \6  you are a boy girl \7  you didnt realize i skipped 5 \8  you are looking back at 4 and 6 \9  you are liking this \10  you are reading me telling you to like this \like this if you did those things  smile "
