5699f8025b8ea0d48d42684649c1a812
no more pokemon!
i now have the complete series of boy meets world  hell yes
"has been at the lake doing family stuff, and will be till sunday "
why do ra ra riot and blink 182 have to play on the same night? this isn't fair   oh  and i'm home early 
can officially get into r rated movies  woo!
thanks everyone  you guys make me feel special : d
"had an eventful day  <propfirst>'s car's now totaled, my hand's in a cast and i got to ride in an ambulance  can't say that i've never been in a car accident or had a broken bone anymore"
has to have surgery on tuesday  using only my left hand for the next four weeks is going to be hell
"if you walk away, i'll walk away  first tell me which road you will take  i don't want to risk our paths crossing someday  so you walk that way, i'll walk this way"
survived propofol! in you face <propfirst> <propmale>! oh and my hand survived surgery too
cannot wait to get out of this house
would for once welcome change
got my cast off! i'm free!
fear and loathing in disney world
someone should make a criminal sketch of me 
brand new! yay!
is going to see <propmale> tonight! woo!
"<propmale> was awesome! maylene and the sons of disaster almost killed me, i got stuck in the middle of one of the craziest mosh pits i've ever seen  badass "
 sad 
jesus christ what did you do those three days you were dead? 'cause this problem's gonna last more than the weekend
take me away
sushi  joyful 
senior pictures  whoopie 
"this scar is a fleck on my porcelain skin,  you tried to reach deep but you couldn't get in, and now you're outside me you see all the beauty, repent all your sin "
oh my god i cannot figure out winplot advanced grapher
"1 hr later, i have figured out winplot  wtg"
"i do believe it's true,  that there are roads left in both of our shoes   but if the silence takes you,  then i hope it takes me too   so brown eyes i'll hold you near,  cuz you're the only song i want to hear;  a <propfemale> softly soaring through my atmosphere   where soul meets body"
"half done with my essay already  this isn't right, usually i don't start till 10  better go watch a movie : d"
"i your loved one committed suicide while taking epilepsy drugs, call 1-800lawfirm"
someone excite me
get me a new computer 
goodbye hair  it was nice knowing you 
this is gonna take some getting used to
just got raped by a calc test  sad 
"if you cut me i suppose i would bleed the colors of the evening stars  you can go anywhere you wish cause i'll be there, wherever you are"
act!!!!! wooo i'm so excited!!!!!!
i'm so tired  that was one of the worst soccer games ever 
"do you miss the bland colors she left in your black and white field? do you feel condemned, just for being there?"
new albums from muse and brand new  i'm so happy : )
awa today  be jealous 
"the future hangs over our heads and it moves with each current event until it falls all around like a cold, steady rain just stay in when it's looking this way"
not doing too well 
is ms  sunshine 
no school!!!!! woooo!!!!!!!!!!
niagra falls is in my backyard     
sometimes i think this cycle never ends   we slide from top to bottom and we turn and climb again
nostalgia 
my chest hurts < not good 
"alll these squaking birds won't quit, builiding nothing, laying bricks"
definitely looking forward to leaving  could this year go faster please?
snow patrol tonight!
somehow everything i own smells of you and for the tiniest moment it's all not true
i hate writing 
"loves her new spheal, totodile has a friend!"
blink 182 tomorrow! oh em gee!!!!
"i'm not sure wat the trouble was that started all of this  the reasons all have run away, but the feeling never did   it's, not something i would recommend, but it is one way to live "
my tummy's angry  sad 
calculus  crying 
hopes i didn't screw up my seemingly easy calc project
cool my sound's not working on my computer
wants a lover i don't have to love
garden state was amazing - one of my new favorite movies
calc midterm  fml
"and still it stands, the question not how begin again, but rather why?"
i feel really happy! i need to run more often
as soon as i start to feel happy i get in a wreck  fml
is anyone going to see the used sunday? i need someone to go with or someone to sell my ticket to  like seriously anyone
happy halloween!
"is it in you now, to watch the things you gave your life to broken? and stoop and build them up, with worn-out tools "
brand new!!!!
"so brand new was incredible, and now i'm off to visit athens, where i may potentially be living for 4 years "
meh
i don't make a very good babysitter
your name's not <propfirst> you're not coming in
i get my car back today!!!! wooo!
"has been spending my time thinking about why i think so much  if there was ever a time, now would be the time to see my time here is limited"
feeling artsy
i finished my first painting outside of school  hooray!
"before you put my body in the cold ground, take some time to warm it with your hands, before it's coming to an end"
i spent 4 hours in court to talk to some guy for about a minute only to find out i have to go again in a month and most likely lose my license  good day 
one more annotated bib to go  i do not need sleep!
raichu you will be missed : (
get to keep my license!!! woo! i'm nt cursed afterall
"bend over uga, you're my bitch now "
really wants to go see muse!!!!!
"my heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury, or wear as jewelry, which ever you prefer "
new laptop! and so much chocolate i got diabetes just from looking at it 
ddr! i just found out i've had a gym membership for the past month  wtf mom?
i want mr  feeny to be my teacher 
i wanna leave the house but i don't wanna die  how're the roads?
i'm going to break the internet
i can't sleep  i feel really shitty  i'm sorry 
it's not hard to fall when you float like a cannonball 
just woke up  finally i can sleep!
i'm so happy  <propfirst>'s the best : )
"j d  salinger died  what a phony  playful  sorry, that book's overrated imo"
i think the cannoli i just ate impregnated me
physics makes us all it's bitches
perfection 
i made an <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!
may possibly be the worst blood donor ever but an hour and all the veins on both arms later i did it
all day?
we're fated to pretend
woke up at 3  my parents were worried about me lol
won an organic gift basket! woo!
oh my gay i need money job
"darling, i don't know how to tell you this, but there's a chinese family in our bathroom"
heute ist pennertag
schools should allow student tea time
new pokemon!!! yes
never has anything interesting to share 
buy now 33 featuring so many hot current music artists!
no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! coheed is playing the same night as prom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! f my life!!!!!!!!!!
my fortune cookie was empty  now that's unfortunate 
why do girrrlsss like to type like thisssss? do they have siezures when they're typing?
"chik-fil-a milkshakes cannot cure strep throat  take note  they do, however, taste damn good"
"for the first time, my parents didn't make me go to church on easter! i do like wearing my flowery dresses though   "
of montreal is super duper  thank you wolf-lady <propfemale>!
st  simons island!!!
ugh so many facebook suggestions  why're there so many people? where do they come from?
witnessed death in my arms 
at least one thing's different
my belly is e playful loding  bad pizza  bad cheese  no more
got the cutest <propfemale> ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
let the fun times begin  oh boy
has had an extremely bipolar week  at least i'm going through the up-swing now
organic milk is the shit
"my beauty supreme, yeah you were right about me  can i get myself back from underneath this guilt that will crush me?"
"no lies, just love"
my laziness is going to make me sick like the chick in diary from licking paint
sucks
i'm looking in on the good life i might be doomed never to find  without a trust or flaming fields am i too dumb to refine?
you ain't got no soul power
got  a droid!!!! i'm so pumped!!!
i'm a big girl now! not a baby
"it's embarrassing to need someone like i do you, how can i e playful lain i need you here and not here too"
i am now scar from the lion <propmale>! my doggy disagreed with me : (
oglethorpe bitches!!!
coffee jelly  smile 
i finally beat banjo-kazooie!!!!!!!!! it only took me 10 years!
"i hate all the groups that you have to like in order to see them  i don't want to like shit, but i'd like see what i would be liking : ("
has been sitting on the couch watching tv on my laptop for 5 hours  oh my god i'm bored 
passion pit tonight!!! even though ticketmaster failed to deliver me my tickets > sad    now i have to go to will call
walked into criminal records before passion pit to find them playing a free live acoustic set  hell yes
family reunion  be back monday
baseball
"my\ boyfriend <propfirst> and his friend are looking for a roommate or two to \share a cheap house in home park right next to tech  and minutes away \from state and scad  he wants me to help him find anyone \in the area i may know, so if you're interested message him or me   \they're going to look at the place tomorrow so contact one of us asap "
2-2! woo!!! go us!!!! thank you <propfirst> <propmale>!
i have seen what lies within   the birthday bag
"thank yous are complete   so i'm thinking about getting colors in my hair like in my profile picture again  i'm pretty sure i want purple, but i can probably get 2 colors  what do you suggest?"
the bermudagrass used for the world cup in south africa was developed by a uga student  thank you turf grass management majors!
is a pro smoothie maker
status about the gym and how much exercise i do
where's <propfirst>?!
of montreal at variety playhouse? fuck yes
atl for the weekend with out my cell phone! feel free to leave me happy messages for when i get back  laugh 
life forces enough final decisions on us  we should have the sense to avoid as many of the unecessary ones as possible 
ap stuff in the mail  three 5s and a 3  and i'm actually sorta bummed  annoyed  i'm sorry ms  dye  i've failed you!
gone to the lake  be back thursday!
had fun at the lake and am now anxiously waiting to leave kennesaw again  smile  twiggy here i come!
orientation  sitting around trying to find something to do in the athens heat  can i not bark like a bulldog please?
went awol and ditched my last skit at uga then went to take a shower and got locked out of my room  great first college e playful erience  thanks ra 
chagrin falls with twiggy!  finally  laugh 
i'm not going to end up like that guy   i'll just try it once
nothing to do for my last day in kennesaw
all moved in  colllege  <imagine some douchebag uga party bro saying that 
"me shoving food into a container at the oglethorpe dining hall with some dudes staring at me: it's not all for me i swear! i'm not a fatass hoarder\some dudes (clapping): no we're not judging we're really impressed  you're doing what we all want to do \\unlimited food supply = you're welcome <propfirst>"
uga mail fucking sucks 
in shock  rip <propfirst> <propfirst>
what a couple of days! life can i please have a moment to step back?
thanks cleaning lady for waking me up for class
was i asleep? had i slept?
weekend in athens  omg!
might give swimming a try!
i fucking love the pert formula! it just saved my life! take that precalc credit test!
had a little mishap with the liquid laundry detergent  pro: our room smells like soup  con: no matter how i try to clean the spot soap suds endlessly come out of the floor 
so many ppl  so much red and black  i'm proud to be part of the 5% of ppl not sporting bulldog gear 
had a pretty awesome weekend and needs to appreciate it 
murder kroger how i've missed thee
<propfemale> castles holy moly!
you could fit so many chicken tenders in that hat!
"hooray for four lokos, ninja turtles and of montreal!"
an oriental slumber party bomb e playful loded my room  can we do this every night?
"it might sound silly\for me to think childish thoughts like these, but i'm so tired of actin' tough and i'm gonna do what i please"
officially an <propmale> <propmale>! emphasis in ceramics  smile 
tell me <propfemale> now when did you last let your heart decide?
noise complaint  names taken hell yes
"if everything was so perfect back then, i don't understand why we can't let it stay that way "
i like it on my bedpost
"\i don't think i could get a dog because i have a beard\"" - <propfirst> buterbaugh"""
log on to oasis and vote! no to the smoking ban and yes on the sga amendment  vote or die 
"97 on my first college midterm  yeah, i'm cool"
i  love  edamame dip
"if you wanna go, get lost! if you wanna stay, shut up!"
hooray for beard month!
"attn everyone: get off your ass, put down your beer four loko w e your preference, and go vote tomorrow!"
the act becomes the <propmale> of growing up
i am a poopyhead
quick shut the windows don't let the baby seeds bums in! and if you chose to keep your windows open at least use a screen for christ's sake
"english is the bane of my existence   even though this is the last english class i'll ever have, still it hangs around after i've completed all of my other finals to torture me for a few more hours  sad "
hey guys i moved   i believe that's status worthy
all a's facebook! hooray!
and i am now in the honors program! double hooray!
chreeestmas!
