9d31ea89d3f666e05d8f0454fc31fd1a
2 feral kittens and a momma cat living under our office building  anyone have a trap to lend? anyone need a kitten?
this friday night (june 26th) at oh dark thirty i will again showing movies in the back yard  this weeks movie diabolik from 1968  you are welcome anytime after 6pm  bbq and fridge available as needed  pool is open if you choose to swim  movie is after da
distracted by thoughts of a girl     
swimming is awsome and refreshing
my palm phone just reminder-ed me an emotional bomb  thanks  i really didn't need that today  fsking pocket brain
today is was our 9th wedding anniversary  i think im going to cry in the corner for a while 
waiting in msp for connecting flight to milwalkee and fair!
posting from my laptop using my tethered pre  rooting this phone was so the right thing to do 
day one at fair was totally fun  wish you were here
happiness is streaming netflix thru my pre on fairsite
i'm haveing a great time at faire  behind on pix  pieces selling before i can take photos
"after  hours at faire drinking cider, eating food, listening to a chicago blues jam session  life is grand "
homesick today  miss my house and my furballs
home again  strange and wonderful  miss folks in wi  missed all my peeps here  feeling disconnected
that cloud looks like a purple duckie
"sometimes you are change, sometimes change sneaks up from behind lights you on fire and gets urotsukidoji on your ass"
"grab bag movie night  my backyard this friday (yes tomorrow) its grab bag this friday, bring a movie you want to see the assembled viewers will decide what we're watching  bring something to sit or lay on, your favorite consumables and your beautiful selves  movie is at dark o'clock  guests are welcome after 6  pool and grill ave available for use  feel free to forward this on"
wishing everyone  a peaceful night and tomorrow 
"i need a giant can of \harpies be gone\"""""
one show packed up  one show and the studio to go then driving
scrabble broken! noooooooo
early morning shower  by candlelight  off to neveda
37 degrees snow and tumbleweeds  glad i live in ca 
oh bamboo needles how did i ever knit without you   
which pair of big stompy boots are the appropriate ones to wear to kick 2010 out the door with? guess i have to try them all  >: )
wishes of properity and joy for the coming year to all my friends everywhere  i am looking forward to what the new year will bring
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry under your comments put the meaning for your name "
bofa can suck my balls 
my dog is awsome  i lurve her 
had a date nite with myself  what did i do? i repacked the berrings on my front bike wheel  it was so good i had a cigar afterward  i'm such a romantic  you know you want me 
happy pi day!
my spazzy dog jumped infront of a moving car yesterday  she's ok just som scrapes and bruises  just the frosting on my weekend
say hello to my new (to me) felony orange bus  i think i shall call you poppy the wunderbus 
2 hrs in  24 <propfirst> sparrows and a pirate sing along of good ship lolly pop
after noon sunday  swimmin pool  bbq  my place  you?
asking for you (yes you there in front of the monitor) to make me a cd of road trip music  what would you listen to if you had to drive for 4 days? i want to hear it while i drive across country  pretty please with a <propfemale> on top 
"feeling lonley, unloved, and incapable of doing anything right"
1 week until i leave  i only have nine lists of stuff to do before then  are you making me a cd? please contact me so i can get it 
"online dating is wierd  really, really wierd "
aaaaarghh! 3 days  6 lists to go
fuck yeah!! woot woot woot!
une playful ected delay in salt lake for tires  don't come here the people suck 
good morning from <propfemale> wy 
wow nebraska was big  onward through iowa!
blood red moonrise over east iowa  still rollin
i have tumbled into fair at last  now for the sleeps
getting food at woodmans(grocery the size of costco)  i'm so not from arounf here 
"121 mosquito bites, 2 espsodes of dehydration- must be wissonsin"
i miss feeling dry  i miss crispy foods  that must be why there is so much fried food here 
california her i come
mosquito bites on your soles itch more than on on your palms  this benedryl commercial brought to you by iowa rest stops
home
i may be attending burning man this year if i can make 2 things happen  1) find dog sitting for a week 2) a ticket for less than $300  let me know if you have a lead on either 
nervous system set to 10  drugs have only taken me down to 9  i'm gonna go throw up now
"home, semi conscious, can't stop smiling"
"dear universe, i get it, i need to be more flexible  can i have something to set a foot on now? thanks"
my room sure looks big when there nothing in it
i've filed the divorce paperwork  april 1 2011 it wil be official
i love it when i get emails telling me that their email isn't working  [head-desk]
"ah, sunday morning  why is there only one of you per week?"
oh monday why you gotta suck so hard  i want a do over
it a crisp beautiful fall morning  the birds are singing
i need to find the off button for my central nervous system  pfffftttt 
malo periculosam libertatem quam quietum servitium
i  love  dd-wrt 
this is what i do for fun on a work-night
*gasp* bwahahahahahah *snarf* hahaha
this 2am brought to you by poorly written 3rd party software supported by brain dead tape worms
that's right its 830 on a friday i'm drunk on whiskey and weeping greasy color into a tube sock  you wish you were hot like me 
"thanks to the first internet date that actually showed up, i now know i'm not the most socially awkward lesbian out there  yea me!"
ok  i went and got an android phone  what are your favorite droid apps?
sonofa     fuck fuck dammit  lost my nano walking dog yesterday  stoopid stoopid
and then you are the awkward one  on a date   oh <propfemale> you are so cruel
off to see the queens!!
home  sore and smelling of gay <propfemale>  great night 
bliss=1 part hot tub full of loved ones 1 part gin and tonic garnish with a lunar eclipse and stir
i am a very lucky girl to receive birthday wishes from so many wonderful people  i'm getting all verclempt  (but not verklemmt)
filled up on the love of friends  laying in bed enjoying the afterglow
where are the lesbians hiding in this city??? seriously i'm starting to feel like an alien here
woke up with the <propfemale> to shave my head bald  wonder what i was dreaming?
oh sleep you fickle bitch get <propfemale> ass back here
"just watched \the road\""  let me save you the time  don't bother  depressing movie with a total bs cop out of an ending  phooey"""
tired of attempting sleep at 6 am  who needs sleep i have caffine
dear mssql f**k you
today's tip for better living: don't inhale ground <propfemale>
hospitals are full of things that go 'bing' and are not pleasant to listen to
hospitals are also kept at near freezing tempratures  are they afraid that the patients are going to spoil?
happiness is being the springboard to help launch my loved ones on a trajectory of bliss
why does time go slower when you are waiting for the fun to start
dear east cost e playful ect more snow  i'm not sorry
today was a great day  thanks universe!
"dear roseville pd, i was doing just fine until you showed up  move along    "
oh alcohol why do you have to be so stabby? you were so much fun last night   
815am 43 degrees less than quarter mile visablity  30 <propmale> on a bike?  bring it
hiya and hiya! suck it foggy morning your were my beotch
goddammit someone ate my cheesy poofs!! you must die    
i love making glass   it fills my soul
<propfemale> pirate ninja is victorious!
i love my car
today was made of awsome
i realized i was a dog owner when i noticed that walking 2 <propmale> with a bag of poo seemed normal
drag <propfemale> bingo ftw!!
"dear universe, i could use some winning lotto <propfirst> now  thanks"
dammit! broke one of my favorite coffee mugs  it was full too 
"the next book in the <propfirst> rr <propfirst> 'song of ice and fire' series \dragon time\"" comes out tuesday july 12  the hbo series starts april 17th """
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me?\if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well "
i'm looking for busted ipods  do you have one laying about that you want to part with? know someone that does?
this weekend was made of awsome 
home safely from heroic adventures in s f  can't wait to see the photos!
