f5cc696c27342a4eb233fd19b969d731
is ready for the semester to be over already    
is finally done for the term!   smile 
does not know how he is going to be able to wake up at 4:45 am tomorrow to start work at 6    
ugh i forgot how exhausting this job was   probably didnt help that i got like 3 hours of sleep    
really needs to get out of this house again and back to his friends at pacific 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!   smile 
got new clothes!  that makes everything better    smile 
ugh   actually waking up for class tomorrow is gonna suck    
less than two weeks until i get back to pacific   i can't wait   smile 
had an awesome night last night   thanks to everyone that came!   smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!   smile 
really hates being sick   especially because i can't sing when i'm sick    
really wishes this massive headache and sore throat thing would just go away 
went from having strep to having a sinus infection   awesome    
realized he is easily amused in world of warcraft with e playful osing people to paper zeppelin attacks   gotta love the ingame toy store  love 
is feeling so much better   it is such a relief   especially since i have performances over the next couple days    
had an interesting night followed by an amazing 12 mile hike today at eagle creek   which was awesome!
should be working on a paper    
just started up my laptop and it no longer has an operating system   just another thing going wrong right now   awesome 
printed up some new piano music   time to go practice    smile 
baby kittens!
super excited for the drag show tomorrow   it will be fun    smile 
somehow pinched a nerve in his foot and is having difficulty getting around hopping around on one leg    
super excited to go hiking tomorrow!
amazing hike this morning   too bad we needed a little more time to see all we wanted and that the weather was a bit unusual   it was still a lot of fun    smile 
had an amazing night    smile 
has a bad case of boy on the brain 
just spent the last hour cuddling with a kitten watching a movie    smile 
enjoys watching 3 week old kittens trying to walk  love 
is caught up on watching glee 
feels like he looks completely different with short hair again    
and the job search begins    
kittens got their first bath yesterday!
loves seeing people's reactions to the kittens    smile 
"\oo look a straw!  i can practice breathing!  except not from my hoo-haa   because i don't have one    \"""""
fell asleep with kittens when he should have been writing papers or studying for finals    
ugh juries today   fun 
just had the worst jury of his life and may have to stay an extra year because of it   fml 
job interview with <propfemale>'s today!   smile 
kittens are not conducive to studying    
is done!
woo they did i dreamed a dream from <propmale> mis on glee   love 
pacific is so boring with noone here and nothing to do   =[
has only one spazzy cat to deal with now instead of five    
the mim adventure starts tomorrow   bring it!
and they arrive 
already misses music in may again    
"   but all remembered beauty is no more\than a vague prelude to the thought of you --\you are the rarest soul i ever knew,\lover of beauty, knightliest and best;\my thoughts seek you as waves that seek the shore,\and when i think of you, i am at rest \\-<propfemale> teasdale (second half of one of her love songs)\ love "
really wishing i was still in <propmale> grove    
really does not enjoy canvassing much    
is done with canvassing for the summer   definitely not for me 
really needs something to do    
world cup starts tomorrow!  hup holland hup!  oh and go united states too   i guess      =p
had an awesome night with sonali and rupali with some amazing food   thanks again    love 
glad i can still hit that high c in bohemian rhapsody    smile 
really wants to be back in the fogro right now    
got a really unusual sunburn    
went on a couple of really beautiful hikes today    smile 
anyone going to the portland pride parade this weekend?
"my head hurts from playing around with too many languages on <propfemale> stone      then again i dont think the greek helped with that, since that is a headache in itself    "
wishing my tonsils would unswell so i can actually sing again      =[
portland pride time    smile 
"signs of too much <propfemale> stone use in the last few days annoyed <propfemale> stone: \est-ce que vous êtes médecin?\""\",f5cc696c27342a4eb233fd19b969d731,pride parades need to happen more often   it was so much fun to be a part of and there were definitely some hot guys to watch   haha    wink 
missed cuddling with the kitten    smile 
\it's not a black," fried or raped chicken \"" -ainslie evans\"f5cc696c27342a4eb233fd19b969d731,listening to <propmale> mis  love 
wanting to be back in the grove again    
woo!  the dutch move on to the round of eight   hup nederlands hup!  now they get to play against brazil   that will be a tough game 
finally got my new age of mythology cd keys   gotta love microsoft duplicate cd keys    
"woo nederlands to the semi-finals!  and to knock out the top ranked team in the world cup to do it    smile \hup nederlands hup!"
netherlands to the finals!  hup nederland hup!   smile 
"spain vs  netherlands in the finals, two teams that have never won the world cup and want it bad   should be an awesome game   hup nederlands hup!   smile "
wow one of the worst soccer games ever   14 yellow cards   that is kind of a joke   guess we have to wait another four years for another <propmale> at the world cup    
stress   i have too much of it right now    
proposition 8 in california overturned   hopefully oregon is soon to follow suit    smile 
3 weeks until school starts and i get to go back where i belong   can't wait    smile 
hopefully things will calm down a bit now before school starts    
ahh school in like a week!  i am getting super excited to see everyone again   but still have some stuff to work out with financial aid first    
has no cell phone for a bit   =[
new phone with texting!  new number too   (503) 730-9110   feel free to text me   =p
it is great to be back at pacific   can't wait to get around to seeing everyone    smile 
is not used to this whole reading textbooks things anymore   makes me sleepy    
beat final fantasy 13!   smile 
has a bad case of a boy on the brain    smile 
got the cutest note ever in my uc box today    love    smile 
can't wait to spend most of the weekend with probably the sweetest guy ever  love 
had the best weekend of my life so far  love 
has a lot to do and a lot on his mind   great    
happy national coming out day!   smile 
darcelle tonight? i think so  =
darcelle was amazing! definitely very enjoyable 
<propfirst> savage = amazing 
happy thanksgiving everyone!   smile 
<propfemale> christmas!   smile 
realized my class doesnt start for another week!  haha yes!   smile 
everybody was kung foo fighting! hyah!
thank you all for the birthday wishes   definitely had an interesting one   haha  =p
great job pi rhos! friggen awesome! =
on tour to san <propfemale>!  wooo!   smile 
back in the grove   after a long bus ride    
dying eggs with kenz and zach  =
trying not to get sick!  =[
jeez two and a half hours at a pool can really wear you out   - -
"\did you know you can donate one or all of your vital organs to the aperture science self esteem fund for girls? it's true!\"" -glados  love """
renewed his wow subscription    
ding 85!  in only a week and a half   they made questing so much easier   - -
just got electrocuted! it was cool  =
had an amazing weekend in seaside with <propfemale> <propfemale> & co    smile 
really needs a job    
really hate when you decide to just lay in bed because its comfy and then end up sleeping a few more hours    
"mmm  panda e playful ress, beer, and video games    love "
just gott ffvii   lets see if it deserves all the hype it gets    
yay got a new copy of final fantasy tactics   best game ever   love 
i think im getting my mom hooked on panda    
omg new headset is amazing    laugh 
austraillian accents are pretty sexy  just sayin   =p
ugh   why do ice cream trucks always have to be so painfully off pitch?   
going to <propmale> grove to put in job applications   since i still really need a job there    
really missing everyone at pacific    love 
i swear every time i have a huge craving for sushi is on a sunday   the sushi place up the street is closed on sundays    
heading to <propmale> grove for job applications resumes part 2    
sitting in a practice room for the first time in far too long    
anyone off campus still need a roommate or know someone that does? hoping for something not too e playful ensive   laugh 
wow working at the bistro on a saturday with a football game going on is so boring    
anyone off campus at pacific still need a roommate or know someone that does?
trying to find a place to live in <propmale> grove is proving to be stressful   =[
some little girl on the bus is making sounds similar to gir from invader zim! haha 
gets to sing with chamber agaiin this year   laugh 
power line snapped up the street right in front of us   annoyed 
power is back up! =p
may have broken my new headset   =[
dang swimming took a lot out of me   definitely needed it though    smile 
so i had my first coffee today    
really disliking the new facebook 
mmm buffalo wild wings with their blazin sauce  is that bad that i feel the spiciness burning in my facial hair?   
working at the bistro today is so boring  =
ugh my wow account got hacked  =  there goes my shammies 375 ilvl  thankfully i should be able to get it back    
woo got all my stuff back   love  blizzard support 
gets to work an extra 7+ hours in the bistro today 
"ran 4 <propmale> in 25 minutes   not too bad for being really out of shape       annoyed \dang i miss running cross country   =["
had an amazing day   can't stop smiling    smile 
covering another shift at the bistro tonight  =p
excited for choir retreat!   smile 
downed firelands last night with heroic shannox    smile 
broke another headset    
new headset!   smile 
"since when is there a banana flavored tootsie pop?!  love \also i apologize if i seemed completely cracked out to anyone today  was just super energetic and in an awesome mood    smile "
