f504866016f885415fb41db0f380b150
"so why is it that on the mornings you do not need to get up for anything, you wake up early and can't sleep in??  up at 5:47am   paper read, coffee drank, sunrise watched and getting ready to head for the stable "
12 hours after the party and we are still trying to clean up!
just back from an evening with good friends on the patio at flying mango   their 24  hour brisket is to-die-for!
it's officially soup season   making our first batch a curried mushroom barley soup tonight   yum!  maybe it will <propmale> the rain and cold away   
just back from avatar   awsome!
take a moment and look outside   the snow is magical tonight!  it is beautiful out!
"driving while talking on your cell phone = stupid    driving in poor visibility on snow and ice covered roads while talking on your cell phone, shouldn't <propmale>'s theory kick in?"
nude 
i tried to take the grade your parents quiz and my name causes it to not compute!  does this mean they get an a+??
"ladies, your red, black, pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made the news last night  facebook doesn't know who started it going but the <propfemale> g komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer  way to go! post this on your wall - if you participated in the bra color game "
anyone else see how empty carver was for the hawkeye's b-ball game   fair weather fans???
"watched 4 bald eagles, parents and two 1 1 2 yr old chicks, while out riding my horse this afternoon   they are magnificent creatures!"
must go find chocolate   
my urban dictionary response:
just about got stuck on the gravel roads coming back in for lunch   wouldn't suggest going out of town unless you have to!  don't know how i'm going to make it out to the stable   
anyone else have bad dreams involving screaming chickens?  boycotting <propfirst>'s   
is happy to be back home   not one of my brighter ideas   
"anyone still need horseshoes or harnesses?  if you have can gift bricks, i'm still a few short of a foundation "
"for the love of chocolate, would someone please drive by my house and throw one more brick through my front window!!??   thanks for all the gifts   does anyone still need harnesses or horseshoes?"
"just passing this along     facebook is blocking all your friends news feeds except 250 they choose! to undo: from home <propfemale>, select news feed and scroll to bottom of <propfemale>, click \edit options\"" (to the right side) ~ (left side is \""older posts)  select news feed settings  reset 250 to 5000 (fb's <propmale>  friend limit)  your                feed will work right again        spread the word """
"can you hear the crocuses and daffodiles under all the snow piles?  yeah, neither can i   "
"is wondering if her friends heading to warm temps and <propfirst> beaches would test out the butterfly effect?  everyone, at the same time, pick up their beach towels and fan some warm air to the north!"
"for some good clean fun   call the nestle hotline @ 800-295-0051  when asked if you want english or spanish, wait quietly for about 10 secs & you will smile  keep going & press 4, then press 7  if you comment on this, don't give the secret away!  wink "
this sunday february 22 is national <propfemale> day! get out your <propfemale>!
"off to kalona and keokuk to visit the kinfolk   officially a \k\"" weekend!"""
"first <propfirst>, over 50 degrees, sunshine, and a camel   must be spring!"
heading to iowa city for bbq at wildwood smokehouse and saloon   yum!
i have daffodiles poking their heads up!  spring!!!
"well, comanche (my horse) survived his minor surgery   hopefully we got all the skin cancer cells and there will be no more problems "
off to the flea market today   what kind of 'treasures' will i find?
"reasons to love spring:  bulbs starting to grow, we can see the grass again, birds singing, able to ride on the trails and roads instead of in the arena, bike rides, able to walk the dogs without yak traks or cross country skies, seedlings popping up in the basement 'greenhouse', and later this week, drinks on the patio!"
is giving up on finding something to eat in this house and <propmale> and i are heading to the cafe   i hear a mojito calling   
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes! the weather was wonderful and i got to play outside all afternoon   (actually had to run the ac in the car in march!)
it's not cancer   three little words that can make your day 
"there is a virus speading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you -tube  snopes just confirmed  it is a trojan worm virus called koobface  it will steal info, infest your system and shut it down  do not open the link  please repost this in your status   http annoyed  www snopes com computer virus youtube asp"
just back from helping pot up 40+ planters for the master gardeners plant sale in may   now out to the garden to divide more perennials!
ugh   need more daylight--its hard to divide plants in the dark!
"we got the house cleaned, blinds dusted (hate dusting blinds!), rest of the siding on the back of the garage, patio reset and cleaned, some of the plants moved outside, windows washed, laundry done, garden weeded, and lawn mowed   whew!"
just loaded the last flat of plants into the <propfirst> to move over to reiman gardens for the master gardener's plant sale this weekend   my back patio looks so bare!
survived 11 hours outside for the plant sale   it went well (except for the wind and cold)   why does it seem like i brought home just as many plants as i took?
"working on a show home this week for the home tour and the home owner stops by   we introduce ourselves and ask where they are moving from   turns out it is mrs  kink<propmale>, my hs <propmale> teacher from bloomfield   she and her husband are moving to ames   small world!"
"um, yeah   i still have questions   "
"go to your profile <propfemale> and scroll all the way down to the bottom  on the bottom left corner in little blue letters,click\englishus\"" when the language selection appears"," click \""englishpirate\"" then watch what happens  \"f504866016f885415fb41db0f380b150,"heading to my dad's in kalona for a few days   do you think anything exciting will be going on?  and no, the cheese house does not qualify    yum   cheese curds   "
"woo!   having a fun weekend catering to a horse and making hay   i have successfully driven both the large and small tractor plus the \mule\"" and the riding lawn mower   i think dad is out of equipment to throw me on!"""
fresh sweetcorn for dinner   yum!
is getting ready to make a batch of watermelon vodka punch   wonder if i can add enough ice to keep me cool out on the patio?
is having made-from-scratch <propmale> chocolate cake for lunch   yum!  thanks <propmale>!
is heading to sun and fun at the lake with bug spray and wajitos in tow!!
has 2 happy wet dogs after going to play in the river!  at least they are drying quickly   the only thing good about the heat today 
anyone have any tree trimmers they recommend?
woo hoo!!! the power is back on!  we were not looking foreward to a day of bailing the sump pit!
"so   when the fire dept is asking you if you want help evacuating your house, is it too late to build an ark???"
"we made it to story city and back to help <propmale>'s parents clean up their basement swimming pool   had to take a round-about way to get there, but it can be done "
"finally, a nice normal shower!  ames lifted the water restrictions and we can once again bathe and do laundry   yeah!   still can't drink the water, but being able to freely flush is a wonderful thing!!!"
just got carded at the grocery store!
noooooo   woke up to a broken coffee maker!  <propmale> us out on a caffeine hunt 
the octagon <propmale> fest just keeps getting better each year   found some great <propmale> and picked up 7 christmas gifts!
"ate at smokey d's bbq tonight   wow, great ribs and burnt ends!  we will be heading back many times  smile "
"happy to be home   loved memphis and our blues tour, but some vacations make you appreciate what you have and glad to return "
wondering if tonight is the night i cave and turn on the heat???
always wondered what the wire snaking up the corner behind the bathroom door went to   found out its the theromstat   did you know your furnace won't run if the line is cut?  one repair call later and now we do!
"thought <propmale> was nuts when he decided to start yet another home improvement project at 4pm today   well, its mostly done, the house is mostly back to normal and he is on the way to get ice cream and milk   (i'll let you decide which one he won't forget!)"
thought it was odd last night when our english setter was sooo quiet outside   he comes in smacking his lips with incriminating blood all over his paws   one less <propfemale> to nibble on my plants!
"try to say \irish wristwatch\"" its hilarious  smile """
almost got trapped in the christmas parade on the square in washington while trying to eat at the panda garden!
would like the truck plowing the church parking lot across the street to get a new muffler   having it wake us up at 5am (or earlier) everytime it snows this winter is already getting old 
"1  go to google maps and click on get directions  2  write usa as your start point  3  write japan as your destination  4  go to the 31st point on your route; when you stop laughing, post this as your status so that others can have a laugh, too  (see also: #46)"
"sure signs spring is just around the corner: i got to play in the yard (may have even gotten a little tan!!!), we opened the windows, <propmale> is out on his first bike ride of the year, my horse started shedding, and the <propfemale> retriever seems to have e playful loded all over the house (how he still has any fur left on his body is still a mystery) "
"always wondered what it'd be like to have red highlights, but i don't suggest getting a half-inch cut in your scalp to find out   at least they were semi-permanent!"
