dd19c59945214c0384438af69b22439e
i'm so happy!!! i hope you all are too   smile 
"facebook is fancy, i miss all of you!!  smile "
i get so excited that i type in word scrabble sometimes   laugh 
"bekah my twin, i've missed you so! let's rekindle and complete our whole!  laugh "
i miss those worry-free days where we anticipated saturday morning cartoons 
i wish i could go too but i hope you guys have a blast at physics phun day!!!
"this year's going by fast  seniors, are we ready? i'm not "
"it's that time of year again, missing works and finals  stress, it gave me the frowns   sad "
hosu  where is hosu?!?! she has the video clips  ?_?
asian mafia is disorganized and doesn't know what happened to our psa plan  ] laugh    
??´
so many missing assignments  otl
"making up all my work!  laugh  it suckkkss, finals week  let's survive "
feel better soon <propfirst>! i love you!!! ?
avatar was an amazing movie!  laugh 
i hope everyone's having a great winter break!!!  smile  i am!
<propfemale> christmas!! i hope you all are plastered with a positive parabola on your faces this year!!! feast and attack those presents   smile 
"i'm going to san <propmale> tomorrow! i hope you guys all had a fun day today! i also got my dream melon drink from okinawa, who knew it was sold in the asian market here  i have a new favorite store   laugh "
"not feeling so grand  busy busy, and break's almost over "
busy busy 
my parents are so unreasonably frustrating   sad 
"time to play some mindless video games to cure my blues, then i can do homework in peace "
"h1n1 made me more of a lazy chink  oh man  or maybe it's just me, naturally  darn "
h1n1 shot!
"i'm going to see legion with my brother tonight   laugh  another movie about dudes with wings, but this time with a demonic grandma "
"49 days until soul silver!!! today is dedicated to homework, food, and happy birthday mom! 53 years old, the <propfemale> middle aged years  korean menopause hosu, bring it "
"nice, nice  finished my homework  law abiding citizen was a great movie, but i'm uncertain about the ending  legion was a terrible movie "
"yesterday was long, let's hope today is a good one "
"i'm so proud of myself! i'm being productive for once!  laugh  boogie time, get groovy "
"are you guys ready to graduate? it's going to start hurting on the way down, so let's prepare ourselves with the best moments   smile "
"from now till graduation, things are going to get rough  i don't want things to end but i can't help but feel anticipated either "
==
aww man  i lack the will power to work 
"so, are you seniors going to school tomorrow? i'm 50-50  "
"the parents can yell, the parents can beat, the homework can flow, and the stress can pile  everything's gunna be alright guys  let loose the worries and take in the sunshine  it's going to be a new day "
"life is so bittersweet, but let's keep smiling cause i think happiness is the best purpose in life "
"from now on i think i'll start off by saying a nice thing to every person i speak with  spread some joy people, the world's too gloomy   smile "
"aww, i want to play with nerf guns too   so cool   "
"   people who are in pcc physics 2nd hour, why did condes make the exam out of 80 instead of 70? orz"
"we are dream aspiring teenagers, and no dream is too big for us  graduation soon, let's prove to everyone how great we can be  i'm feeling pumped!  laugh "
stressing out  kind of irritated  i need a break from some people 
has fallen victim to wow  
it's those moments you feel like a complete nerd but you've never smiled as big otherwise  pokemon  march 14th  anticipation 
i'm going to bake some awesome foods 
"today was not my day but there's plently of new ones  school, family, drama, money, funerals, stress in general, hugs would be nice "
i fixed my wall thing! now people can comment   laugh  no wonder i never got any posts 
i'm going to do some sculpting  any ideas on what to make?  smile  ?
time to make some rad gym leader badges 
i need to feel productive today   laugh 
"wow lady tennis tigers, good first match! thursday will be 6-0 all!!!  laugh  i have faith in all of you  ?"
"10-8 today, but i need better form and strokes cause playing safe doesn't look awesome  hard working time!  laugh "
[rip] <propfemale> king: a beloved titan of poway 
"won 8-6 today against sabino   laugh  but the stress with school, home, and social lives are still piling  i want to see <propfemale> in wonderland  10 more days till pokemon  it's all worth it "
one more week and pokemon is released!!!!  laugh  ?
pokemonpokemonpokemonpokemonpokemonpokemonpokemon
"needing lots of time to think, and for things to get better quickly  pokemon will initiate that i hope  "
"tucson design competition went pretty awkward and crazy, but it was pretty fun and we got prizes for winning in presentation  next time, it's first place and no more technical difficulties  hatatattah~"
life has never felt more exciting and nostalgic  pokemonpokemonpokemonnnnn!!!! gotta catch 'em all! yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy   laugh dddddddd ???? i love you all  a___a
in arizona all the asians are toasty  except hosu  
so much to do so much to do  i keep thinking about <propfirst> <propfemale>  fffffuuuuuuu
good luck tennis tigers!  laugh  beat asses at regionals!!! ?
i feel powerful negative feelings towards <propfemale> hacker  it's a strong hate i think   
what a rough week   
boooooom  things are getting quite busy lately  i cant wait for graduation   smile 
vacation time plz 
the weather is so bipolar lately  tsktsk  
debating on productivity vs children's week on wow  hmm  
"catching up on writing101, half the stuff i dont remember being assigned  my birthday is tomorrow!  laugh  stoked "
one more week of classes  make lots of awesome last memories of high school everyone! we're growing up to be stupendous so <propmale> your dreams no matter how big or small they are   smile  it's exciting!!!
"4 more days of high school, 4 more years of college  let's keep moving forward   smile "
i   can't stop thinking about adventure time  new episode today!!! i feel so giddy   
"a walk in the park sounds nice  ah, the little things "
how convinient it is to be sick on the last few days of school  i curse at finals  i curse 
stressin'
tomorrow's our last day  finally  let's rejoice 
"the past week has been a giant crapfest of finals and studies  tomorrow's the last day, happy or sad, it's going to be a good day  class of 2010, let's move forward "
my dad still won't stop talking about the cord and the school  it's really troublesome 
"graduation today, it should be exciting but my parents keep bringing me down on stuff  sometimes they make it hard to feel good about myself, but it's not going to ruin my day  ):<"
"robot unicorn attacckkkk  open your eyes, i see, they are opennnnn   "
i smell korean food   ?
there are those times you just want to go run <propmale>  i'm feeling that right now 
it's about time to move on   smile 
long summer ahead  i'm excited   laugh 
just got a laptop with a free itouch and printer! awesommmeee!!!  smile  ?
"i'm trying to get over him, but the little things keep getting to me  one of these days i'll feel completely bettter, until then i'm going to try to enjoy summer the best i can  let's go on adventures!"
"ack, things are getting hard to deal with  persevere, yeah? i want a slurpee "
is done 
"fffuuu <propfirst>, let's get out of here! adventure time!!!"
"saw shrek, it was alright  sequals lose luster   sad "
"when you need someone the most, the person that said they'd be there for you really isn't  time to take care of ourselves  growing up is scary   sad "
"needs to get photoshop cs4 cs5 for <propmale>  oh, how e playful ensive graphic arts can be   "
i love my friends   smile  ?
"if\ you \like\"" this status i will post on your wall something i like about \",dd19c59945214c0384438af69b22439e,feelin' good cause i'm active again   smile 
i feel so alive   laugh 
"little do you know how much you make my insides turn, my head whirl, and my heart glow  so little do you know   smile "
i can't wait for my uncle to come visit   smile  i miss my family in massachusetts 
"i can only stay positive for so long, or maybe it's i can only bare being negative for so long? time to draw "
"people are being so nice to each other, it's amazing   smile "
"embrace your race, feels good to be korean   smile "
i make too many mistakes  lol   my phone is gone 
"gunna drive this summer, learn to swim, learn to ride a bicycle, and make it as epic as i can make it   smile "
"i just had an awesome dream, now i feel almost invincible  is this healthy? i hope so!  smile "
"it's almost 5 smile 0 am and i'm still awake, but i still feel invincible! i'm craving some egg rolls too "
why do spiders have to be the same color as my carpet? this tae kwon do fighting stick isn't killing it  too fast and hidden! ):<
waiting for hosu bonaparte-chang's letter and <propfirst>'s arrival  i miss the asian mafia we had  i want to go on adventures!  wink 
finally caught up on my sleep! now i'm going to draw a picture of pierce dying  i miss my asians  );
no idea what to do get for father's day  anyone have ideas or suggestions?  smile 
"i leveled up my accuracy today killing a spider with the speed of a cheetah  oh yeah, i did it with a wooden pole  i am so badass "
where did <propfemale> the vampire slayer go? there's vampires all over the media now 
all these spiders want to challenge the eunnie  little do they know my abilities  i need to spray the house  );
"a fresh new place, a fresh new start  sounds good? i do think so  now, i just have to get moving along   smile "
"mission clean&spray so the mofo spiders will never come back  arachnides\ beware "
you know what sucks most about being a military kid? moving everywhere so it makes it so much harder to find your old friends  ):
"could it be that my long lost friend <propfirst> of 5+ years has finally been found?! deni, you are genius  so much happiness!  love "
making it a goal to draw a picture everyday  it's time to start taking initiative! i'm pumped cause it's time to be an artist again   love 
we all get those days  what a sadfaced day   sad 
"like this status and i'll confess what i thought\ about you when i first met you  post it as your status and take the \challenge!  smile \\i like how everyone commented on my asian ethnicity   lol"
happy faces all around!  smile 
needs a haircut  any suggestions on a style or how i should cut it?
"my dad woke me up at 5 smile 0 am to give me hosu's letter because he forgot, and i've never woken up so fast or with a bigger smile since christmas at 6 years old  i miss my ninja turtle riding best friend   love "
i'm coming to visit san <propmale> on the 12th! who wants to <propfemale> out?  smile 
"ate breakfast with <propmale> oglesbee for his birthday! got paid for teaching and went to see despicable me with my brother  plus, it rained! happy day   smile "
going off to san <propmale>! be back friday   smile 
i miss bestfriends <propfirst> guan and hosu <propfirst> 
"gauh, i'm thinking about redoing my room  maybe it's time to upgrade from my pokemon sheets   "
do you guys see frequent visits of bugs in your house lately? maybe it's the rain and the heat but i've killed like 5 today   troublesome 
"bored, so i'm bandwagoning! \like this status and i'll tell you a like, a dislike, and my first impression "
today's one of those days i don't need a reason to feel happy but so much happiness i'm finding reasons   smile 
"one thing after another, i really would like a vacation! if only the pokemon world and the stargate were real   "
i'm all smiling again! i love you <propfemale> torres!!! you know just how to put on a bandaid!  smile 
"to this i say, not a fuck was given that day "
i suck at sleeping  i barely got 2 hours of sleep  however i'm wearing a shark shirt  happy shark week!  smile 
"since i'm bored, like this status and i'll draw you! (hopefully!)"
"sooo, i'm going to finish those drawings tomorrow  lol"
"amazing day at tucson mall with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and daryle! great memories   smile   love "
"had an awesome day with <propfirst>, yeji, sangjin, and kiyo!  smile "
i'm so sadface  i miss my babe from the islands   sad 
i could use some happyfaces!
"he was so deadly in fact, that his enemies would be blind from overe playful osure to pure awesomeness!!!"
i want a pet gecko to eat these spiders that choose to provoke me  it's 4am and i'm spider hunting 
finally got to talk to hosu on the phone!!! hopefully she'll get her phone and internet back soon! i am so happppy   laugh   love 
feels like a tangled up jellyfish! no good 
"i'm curious, what exactly is the \jungle juice\"" flavor of the month for eegees?"""
wishes <propfirst> guan and i could skip classes tomorrow and not have to do so much reading  <propfemale> choy lady and kimchi lady need a vacation!
<propfirst> oros is a speeding basement creeper! not feeling it today  i'm going to watch some adventure time!!! who wants to do the science dance with me?!
what would your superhero name and superpower be and why?
is proud to be a korean   smile   love 
got a job! earning money just in time for holidays and school   laugh 
"my dad is eating cookies while watching <propmale> & <propfirst>; i can hear him laughing from my room  he just turned 70, i guess our inner child never dies   smile "
loves her super saiyan awesome boyfriend <propmale> pierron! he made an awful day better   smile   love 
"my parents discovered google maps for the first time today  it was like watching children discover the world of the internet  \did you know about this?!\"""""
needs a hug   crying 
"hates getting red on her hp gauge  thanks for the heals <propfemale> l  and leti nonya, i feel a bit better   smile   love "
"i was convinced not to let go of my <propmale>, i'll try harder instead  \never gonna give you up! never gonna let you down   \"""""
"just talked to one of my brothers in okinawa, i haven't heard from him in maybe 8 years  it was nice   smile "
"rad day, got my xbox with kinect and went to movies with <propfirst> guan, <propfemale> petersen, and <propfemale> torres!  smile   love "
"decided that hosu <propfirst> , <propfirst> guan , <propfemale> petersen , and i will go to mount lemmon this winter "
"don't think you know me cause blood bond doesn't make my kind of family   smile  cheers, i'm living proud "
"amazing day with <propfirst> guan, savster victoro, and <propfirst> diaz! tomorrow <propfemale>'s finally arriving and it will be an even greater day! feels like nothing can bring me down   smile   love "
"congratulations to <propfemale> <propmale> on her precious new baby girl <propfemale>! <propfemale> you're going to be an amazing mother, i'm so proud! i feel like i learned more about the value of life, i love all my friends, you're all wonderful!!!  laugh   love "
"all you u s  citizens are lucky  i want the citizenship, i want the freedom, i want the rights "
i want to smile  i need my best friends   crying 
you guys!!! guess who's drawing again?! me! feels so good   smile 
creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes  <propmale> is knowing which ones to keep 
where the heals at? i need to restore my hp   sad 
<propfirst>'s day was never special to me but happy hearts day anyway! i can't wait for the chocolate to be on sale 
