855b885167e25c97ac1ef60a6da79009
spent today doing that fcat e playful lorer crap in its entirety!!  yay me      
it's flag day!! still don't really know what it's for     
i don't think i've left my house the past couple days   i need somethin to do before i become some mole person    
i love farm town way too much     
only child status is around the corner
i should be a farmer    hmmmm
my brother went off to college this morning!!!!!!!  now i'm happy for like the next two weeks
my brother went off to college this morning!!!!!!! i should be an only child by the time school starts
watch out! i know canefu
the metrosexual episode is on on southpark!!
went to fort myers today!! <propfirst> <propmale> museum rocked!
just made a bunch of money on farm town!
had to mow the entire lawn today      
went to barnes & <propmale> today   i got pride and prejudice and zombies!
i barely post anything anymore  i just tend my crops
5 on ap bio 5 on ap world!!
been on pandora all night   greatest site ever!
"\he just threw his testicle at him       spectacular \"""""
is watching the goonies!!
wow  i accidently advertised for dominoes today
sigal's a moron    there   i said it
sigal shemesh ate the pig in her profile picture!!
why is my ap language project not done yet?
first!
"and me, <propfirst> keeve"
"finally finished 1984   two down, one to go!"
winner winner chicken dinner   victory is ours!!!  go ecomaniacsssss!!!!!
i can feel my wisdom teeth poppin up again
thursday @ 9:45 laugh rivers license! (hopefully)
is gettin ready to sulk this year cuz they put me in debate instead of botany
"1) french 3, 2)ap calc, 3)ap <propfemale>, 4)apes, 5)ap us, 6) debate i hon, 7)ap chem   meh"
"just finished the glass castle, and my ap language project!!"
and here we go again    
"spent like an hour lookin for a good planner and found the perfect one at office depot    but it was 30 bucks so i went with the next best   at least i got to go by myself, thanx to my license!!"
thinks there are too many people @ south!
school makes the weekend like 10x more awesome
"if ur in, i'm in"
best weekend ever
"man, these 5 ap classes are really killin my weekend"
does anyone know how we're supposed to make friends for this stupid apes project?  my person is <propmale> leopold so if anyone is doing a contemporary of his    
any more contemporaries of <propmale> leopold?  i'm thinkin <propmale> <propmale>   whos got him?
"this apes project is oddly fun, except for the whole posterboard thing"
"after having a conversation with <propfirst> nixon, i can tell he's a pretty cool guy"
quick! everyone add <propmale> leopold!
how is everyone setting up their posterboards for the apes project?
pretty sure i'm done with <propmale>'s facebook   now for the poster board   
<propmale> leopold needs wall comments people!
i fought with <propfirst> <propfemale> earlier   who was that?
"when you don't catch the flag, you just smile harder"
"i missed the first hour of the vmas, went on facebook, and drowned in all the kanye hate   i've gotta see a video of this!"
yeah    kanye's fucked
farmtown then studying for the apes test
"hmmmm, if i use o instead of o2 in the chem lab, my results aren't totally off   time to fudge the calculations!"
<propfirst> ehrlich is still a friend suggestion
hey juniors!  nominate me for homecoming <propmale>   it's only a dollar
why does <propfirst> get to visit mit while i'm stuck down here?!
60 pages of <propfemale> letter left!
is workin on the <propfemale> letter   9 moments left!
89% in ap chem!! almost there
is chillin @ home eatin sunflower seeds
doesn't really feel like doin his homework 2nite
astronomy club meeting on wednesday @ 7:15 in zealy's room!!
finally got his ecomaniacs money!  and on the day sigal left    suspicious    
misses sigal   
just looked up sigal's new house on google earth   that's not stalkerish is it?
"i see ur on facebook now, sigal"
omg! the power in my house keeps flickering!
is not in <propmale> for halloween horror nights!
should really get started on his argument essay   
astronomy club!!! next wednesday after school in mr  zealy's room (526)
remember: astronomy club wednesday after school in zealy's room
"just checked: we're beating the flying l's like 50,264 to 50,237   to the polls people!!"
had an astronomy meeting today and like 5 people showed up   but that's a record for this year!
once again has a b+ in ap chem   let's hope this quarter it doesnt stay that way
saw the coolest pair of steampunk goggles at this shop in camelot days!
astronomy club will be going on a stargazing trip on dec  12!!  all who are interested please sign up in zealy's room!
whoever wants to go to dupuis with astronomy club on dec  12 please sign up in mr  zealy's room asap (rm 526: magnet building)
honestly had no clue we were having a test in ap chem today   really bit me in the ass    
just accidently texted someone     and has no clue who it is
got a debit card and checking account today!  now all i need is a job   but where   ?
has a full size inflatable black <propfemale> in his yard   that's how you know it's christmas!
it really freaks me out when i have like 50 mutual friends with someone and no clue who they are
three more weeks!!
astronomy club 2moro after schooooooooool!  whoever wants to go on the trip next saturday sign up  asap!!
should have a half decent apes paper by 2am
"so, whos going on the astronomy trip?"
found out that my dad is a free <propmale>  he's not active though     
"so everyone's going on the astronomy club trip, right? right? meeting 2moro!"
guess who else is a graduate of plantation park elementary?  mr  houser!
has skype! but no webcam   
is writing his compare contrast essay on debate   am i really that boring?
quand vous avez une plante chez vous: ne la maltraitez pas et ne l'insultez pas! thats probly why my bamboo died    
psat scores are on virtual counselor!!
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo-weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! what up wit dat? what up wit dat?
viens de changer <propfemale> facebook a francais!
doesn't think that his parents will understand what ; ) means    
is a terrible vegetarian!
<propfemale> needs to hurry up and get out of south <propfemale>! http annoyed  www norad<propfemale> org en index html
finally has a webcam for skype!
loves his new webcam and cookies and michio kaku book! thanx sigal shemesh!
"just switched to windows 7   gotta say, i'm not hatin it"
"even though i started my homework yesterday, i have a sneaking suspicion i'll be up till 3am on sunday night"
"anyone know how to make a 15 year old car stop smelling like old lady and cigarettes? i tried yelling at it, but that didn't work      it'd be much appreciated"
thinks it's amazing that he's at his most productive at 2 smile 0 in the morning    
"to whom it may concern, the fly swapper works   it must've dried out"
memorized only a quarter of his french iv poem and still got a b+   i am so relieved!
"i'm pretty sure houser never taught us how to write an apush dbq right, so i need some kind of study session before thursday"
i've capitulated!!! to formspring   which popped up out of nowhere like a week ago
i'm done with french   my facebook is now in english upside down!
upside down english was making me nauseous   retourner au francais!
should be studying for his ap chem midterm so he gets an a on it so he gets an a for the semester so he doesnt start crying on the inside       
"was reading \their eyes were watching god\"" for aplac and found a random photo of some people at a party  what the hell :?"""
wants to see avatar in 3d as soon as possible!  but with who     ?
american idol needs those two old hecklers in the balcony on the muppet show   then it would be complete 
"sadly, will not be knighted until next month   sry to disappoint, but it's too e playful ensive, too short of notice, and i'm too busy to be ready in two days!  there's far too much to do    "
"is not taking the sat tomorrow!!  i guess i just won't go to college, but really who needs that?"
saw avatar 3d with <propfemale> dodd and it changed my life forever!!  now when i grow up and invent interstellar travel and find a new planet filled with life i'll name it pandora   then after i have tons of adventures with my ikran i'll strip mine the entire planet for its unobtainium and become a trillionaire 
apparently love us history so much that he's in houser's 5th and 6th hour apush    
coinstar= my new best friend!
does having 359 unread emails make me lazy?  i think it just makes me more interesting    and mysterious 
keeps getting friend requests from total strangers   tonight: two random people from indonesia
friend requests from people in indonesia and now friend suggestions   what is going on?
i think i'll shove all my iphone pics onto facebook tonight
"got up at 5 am this morning to get some free grand slams with <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> dejesus glasgow, and <propfemale> <propmale>!!"
"puts the \m\"" in mites!!"""
"i finished my mites essays at 4am last night and emailed them to mrs  vogt   she proofed and corrected them and sent them back at 8 smile 0   she did this thing where you have the original essay and all the changes, corrections, and comments mixed into it or off to the side   she's just that good "
holy crap! i've been watching the discovery channel since this morning!
i guesstimate that i've gotten an average of 2-4 hours sleep every night of <propmale> year   double plus ungood 
wants to take ap <propmale> history next year so anyone who's even remotely interested needs to find me and sign up!!!
so apparently being in speech therapy means i get to take the science fcat with the ese kids   yay     ?
"got out of the ese fcat class!! by the way, ap <propmale> history!! sign up!!  u can now register for it on virtual counselor, if not now, then monday!!!"
"oh drama, why do i keep giving you my money?"
"wow sats, ur making me go to sleep at 11, which is a personal record  touché "
's boots have officially made it through three years of flarf   huzzah!
"i think i'm gonna start a 70s band   not a tribute band, a funky 70s music group with our own original music   you in <propfemale> dodd?"
"universe, why do you insist on giving me a brand new fml story every monday?"
"i'm convinced that whenever i try to print something, my printer flips a coin and decides whether or not to be a <propmale>"
has sacrificed the entire 3rd quarter to french competitions and will end up with bs in like four of his classes   worth it?  definitely!!
the south park version of <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> is going to give me nightmares 
is not the father 
just washed my hair but i couldn't get all the corn out 
holy crap 
sat scores are in!!
so apparently they've made an a-team movie   the trailer's amazing!
just watched recount and now i'm mad again   and planning for a career as a political scientist  constitutional scholar    
so i finally opened my backpack yesterday and there was a moldy dark chocolate bar   i have yet to start any homework 
"is trying to practice sax but it's not really working out   if only i had time to practice, i would know by now whether or not i'm actually terrible at this      "
sigal shemesh just hacked <propfirst>'s facebook!  laugh 
dammit apes!! now i can't eat anything!
"if i type enough random keys, at some point a perfectly good documented argument paper will just pop up on the screen"
did not get into mites   i guess i have to get a job this summer    
has forgotten about mites and is now applying to the constitutional academy!
"miss meadows, i'm afraid i'm not the marrying type of man  cuz i'm a dinosaur!!!"
hey <propfemale> weinstein!!  guess whose birthday is sunday?
chillin with spence and <propfirst> and <propfirst> and o yeah! i just turned 17
"best  birthday  ever!!  thank you everyone, especially <propfemale> dodd, <propfirst> dejesus glasgow, <propfemale> <propmale>, and <propmale> amaya"
"wow, it's four people's birthday on saturday   at least in my friend list  anyways, what r we doin' <propfemale> khandakji?"
at the nhs convention wondering where our advisor is    
needs to get twists as soon as possible
my car just died in the intersection of university and sunrise  thank god i was already headed towards this gas station
"my car came home!!  on the back of a tow truck   it was very odd, but very cool "
"has been having a very angry, angry day   "
"just woke up from a five hour nap, which is longer than i usually sleep in a night   so that's a good thing     ?"
"at the awards ceremony i met mrs  stecker for the first time ever and she went: \oh! so you're christian keeve!  you have a very good reputation \"" and i was like: \""             ok\"""""
"so instead of being gone for the weekend, my parents pulled off a 14 hour round trip to tallahassee and back in a day   blagh   "
is so tired of ap calc practice problems   i'm just gonna chill for the next two days and assume that getting 5's on all of holmes's practice exams is a good sign 
is seriously considering oberlin
is feeling very ap confident
so the new bathroom is almost done and it has a rain showerhead and i might just cut all my hair off to enjoy it   plus it's getting really hot out 
hates deadlines  so much 
wow   i did not study for the apush exam   or do much of anything today   christian keeve method   patented 
"attention sophomores annoyed my barely used full set of kaplan ap us history in a box flash cards just went on sale today!!  i know   crazy right? which one of you overachievers would like to cash in on this great deal and get a head start on next year?"
i love how everyone at the apes review is posting about how boring the apes review is  they're very right  i've been in the back texting the entire time
registering for the sat would be so much less painful if i had a job   and if i had gotten the right registration deadline
apes review if there is one good thing you did it's turn me on to sparkcharts   i got some to study for ap chem and they're fucking amazing!!  they have everything!!!
do we really have a bunch of homework due tomorrow for houser? i'm not doing it either way cuz i have three more exams coming up but still    
"aplac kids:  \tomorrow remember to stick to the vogt code!! and include some reference to dinosaurs and or ninjas in your essays!"
quoted <propfirst> <propmale> in my 3rd aplac essay   so if i get a 5 someone's gettin' a thank you letter!
love the solar powered flashlight that i got from the magnet <propfemale> and all the irony it's surrounded in 
is bald again!
is taking a college tour of the northeast this summer   where should i visit other than the obvious ones?
got into constitutional academy   wow 
i love how every time it's pouring rain i can only think of the rain barrels   and of how i still really need a giant funnel-like object!!
i hope next year there's a fight over free ice cream on my last day of high school   seems like a fitting way to end things 
crap   i still have to make up a 5 <propfemale> story about how my family reacted to 9 11!  what if i just said we were in africa then copied and pasted random african stories?
"i don't care if today was your last day, i will mail it to you or hunt you down!  my yearbook is still gettin' signed seniors!  you know who you are\\and that goes double for you <propfirst> dejesus glasgow"
is in texas!!  everything's so big and spread out  i like it    
"i just woke up and went \holy crap i'm in galveston!\""\",855b885167e25c97ac1ef60a6da79009,"saw the biggest most epic mullet at <propfemale> corral today!  i was too awestruck to take pictures but it was literally all the way down the guy's back  oh, texas just gets better and better"
is parked in front of a walmart listening to country music  texas!!
they killed bushido brown!!! why?????
"so now that it's june, i've officially been reading atlas shrugged for about a year   thanks <propmale> year, thanks a lot "
is just waiting for the right question 
"we still need like six more kids for an ap <propmale> history class!!! it's an amazing class with an amazing teacher and anyone can take it   if you have the slightest interest, please go to guidance asap and get it on your course requests!!"
"to everyone who showed interest in ap <propmale> history and or said they would switch into it, make sure it gets on your course requests as soon as possible   like, by tuesday wednesday   let's hope this class pulls through   "
can someone console me for not doing silver knights?  i can't come up with any good ideas for a project and i just plain don't like people   hmmmmm
i think i'm gonna be <propfirst> black when i retire 
"so    \ap <propmale> history kids, apparently guidance didn't let anyone switch in who tried to, i guess because    whatever \now it's really disapproved and our virtual counselor course requests have been changed (right under our noses!) \for whoever, like me, was banking on this class, i'm deeply deeply sorry, but you need to go to virtual counselor and contact guidance (if they're there on monday) to change requests "
"when i grow up i'm going to be one of those e playful erts that they interview for some discovery or science channel special   then, i'll know i've reached success "
watched the series finale of the tudors today and it wasn't as mind-blowingly satisfying as i'd hoped   still amazing though 
"just watched ludo's self-made music video for \whipped cream\"" and     my life is complete """
"i don't know who to root for  there's a <propmale> i might possibly have ghanian ancestry   but then again i'll most likely never know  \so go usa!!"
how long do you have to not be able to sleep for it to be considered insomnia? i know at least one of you out there is an e playful ert 
"i think someone owes me a burger, mr  <propfirst>      "
so today my dad and i were fixing my car and my dog wandered off   she came back twenty minutes later in a police car   in handcuffs   they found her on fig tree trying to sell bootleg dvds   oh <propfemale>     
"thinking back, mr  houser had some pretty good jokes and puns   good times    "
"needs a sketch book! this time, i'm sure "
my senior picture is set for next thursday!  i'm not sure if i should do something special for it or just the basic thing    
"did they really stop playing \community\"" for lebron <propfirst>'s stupid announcement??  really??  this was television worthy???  they couldn't of put this online or in the commercial space??  they felt it necessary to cancel community in the middle of the episode??   gah!"""
wants some ameglian <propmale> cows   just to talk to    
"this weekend was just a lot of sleeping and an obscene amount of reading   very nice   i feel like i could've (or should've) done something, but   meh \\oh, and waiting for my mixtape, dayana lostlyric reddick!"
green tea <propfemale> ale=bliss
north korea is blank on google maps! i wonder what's going on over there?
"hey facebook, how young do i look?\the people i work with at red cross thought i was fourteen   there were astounded when i told them i have a car   flabbergasted even!\\just waitin' on that facial hair    "
"apparently it's a huge hassle for any airline to fly from ft  lauderdale international to <propfemale> national, so on sunday after i arrive in d c , i'll be waiting an hour and a half before any constitutional academy people show up   yay      "
likes admiral ackbar jokes a little too much   
"just landed in dc  i passed by a five guys burgers in the airport and now i can't seem to find it  honestly, i'm kinda lost "
"like 8 people dropped out of the class of '11 since the last time i checked   now we're down to 596, which isn't that appealing of a number to me   i preferred 604, but you know, whatever        i wonder how many of us will make it through senior year?"
"we're in dc and an entire block is blocked off because a suspicious package was found   if i don't make it, i want you all to know that i've always hated you "
"really doesn't want to miss ts <propfemale>   if it became hurricane <propfemale>, i think i would cry     \\have fun, south florida!"
"is going through constitutional academy withdrawal   this past week was leaps and bounds beyond what i'd e playful ected   before you get your hopes up south floridians, i'm college touring and won't be home till friday      "
"in new york, we drove by a restaurant called goodburger  my childhood has come full circle "
"no mom, that is not the cash cab  none of these are the cash cab!!! jeezus "
there were well over 100 people at the mit info session tour this morning  the one black guy: yours truly 
"was gone for two weeks and came home to 27 parcels of college mail, tinted windows (finally!), and a kickass sound system in my car   love my parents!"
"just dug up the ap lit summer reading packet from some dark corner of my room, so the fun's basically over   apparently i have to start reading literature like a college professor    \\or i could just continue not giving a shit, cause that's worked out great for the past eight weeks "
spent the past week downloading and reading the entire <propfirst> pilgrim series (on my iphone!)   this week's mission: try to possibly attempt caring about doing ap lit summer reading!
"i like to think that <propfemale> palin is actually a genius who created and maintains an over the top character  facade purely for satirical reasons   sort of like <propfirst> colbert but taken much farther   at least, that's how i sleep at night "
"hey facebook, i need a bunch adjectives describing me   go!"
i'll be immersing myself in jazz for the next week   any suggestions?
happy day!!  <propfirst> cera didn't ruin the movie!!!  <propfirst> pilgrim was so great i honestly can't decide whether or not the books were better 
"first hour french four years in a row!\\01-adv pl fr lang\02-research iv \03-orchestra i \04-adv pl eng lit comp \05-adv pl calculus bc \06-adv pl us govt pol \07-international relations"
"1168 pages, 14 months; 1 objectivist philosophy   for the entirety of <propmale> year, you've weighted both my backpack and my psyche  but now, at 5:15 on this dull august morning, i can honestly say that i'm done with you, \atlas shrugged \"" i've made it all the way through ayn rand's articulate", striking preaching on the righteousness of the selfish  \855b885167e25c97ac1ef60a6da79009,"\you should be a writer for the adult swim bumps   they sound so much like you \""\",855b885167e25c97ac1ef60a6da79009,"got parking spot #18! that's good luck, right?"
forgot to make up for all that sleep i lost <propmale> year   i guess that's what senior year is for 
\je pense," donc je suis \""\"855b885167e25c97ac1ef60a6da79009,"so in case no one pays attention to the morning announcements, the first nhs meeting is monday   be there or be square "
exists!
maybe the announcement reader in the front office just hates nhs but whatever  next meeting on tuesday  tell your friends  or your enemies  as long as they're in nhs 
"i apologize for the short notice (and not making this status earlier), but the nhs meeting is moved to wednesday!"
so far seven colleges have waived my application fee   if only one that i'm actually planning on applying to would    
"dear <propfemale> dodd,\\shut up "
has half a mind to read pride and prejudice now  it'll be really surreal without the zombies   
just had all four of my wisdom teeth removed  luuuv me some general anesthesia 
"to all whom it may concern, my dog has passed on  i'll be keeping her ashes "
hmmm so that's why i stayed at south for three years     and here i thought it was the magnet program   
the <propfirst> of all trades does nothing well 
"yes, this is happening \like my status & i'll tell you annoyed 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  \2  the color you remind me of  \3  my first memory of you \4  the animal you remind me of \5  ask something i've always wondered about you  \6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname  \8  challenge you to post this"
is taking a metaphorical vow of silence 
is thinking of making a tumblr  the world should know how interesting i think i am 
"finally completed the commonapp   now, to be really really nervous for the next five months   "
just voted two years from now!
"has no angry, liberal status to make based on the horribleness that happened yesterday   if all goes to plan, in ten months' time i'll be the hell out of florida anyways "
1st acceptance letter: colorado school of mines!
"hey, cool ap gov kids,  how many sources you got for the policy project?"
my iphone just irreparably broke and there's no warranty   what's my new phone guys?
got into kettering!
vive la vapeur!
broward blvd is not a good place to have your brakes fail   
got into case western reserve university!
"is about to get oral surgery again, and wasn't informed until last night   "
got into <propfirst> university!
that was by far the most ridiculous student congress i've ever been to  get your shit together fairchild!
is a national achievement finalist!
nnnnnnnational merit scholar finalist!!!
"note to self: if you've only been playing for a year and some change, don't do a grade four for your first solo ever  annoyed "
"has to wear glasses again  and in six weeks, braces again    "
got into nyu polytech!
\class: \,855b885167e25c97ac1ef60a6da79009,somewhere there's a senior named christian reeve who now has a very large ego 
got into washington university in st  <propfirst>!
got into oberlin college!
got into northwestern and uc berkeley!
got into <propmale> college!
"got into upenn and brown!\that's 14 14, guys   c'est fini!"
