729dee35d49254a7a976151d40016698
just chillin with the mans  love 
my boyfriend is the most amazing person alive   love 
: lovin' life  love   love 
": enjoyin' paramore's \ignorance\"" then \""brick by boring brick\"" with the mans - on our way out for a smoke   love  4 24 10 love """
: just gettin' home & enjoyin' the night   love  4 24 10  love 
": just hangin' in la casa, im me i suppose if you need anything   love 4 24 10 love "
":: correction!: just hangin' in la casa, im me i suppose if you need anything, or whatever (kristikronic)   love  4 24 10  love "
: goodnight all! sleep well and sweet dreams!  love  4 24 10  love 
"with <propmale> gruber just chillen in merrick && havin' the time of my life yet again  i miss you <propmale> <propfirst> munson, my brother from another mother!  love  4 24 10  love  fuck you haters i'm not going anywhere!!!!!"
: currently trying to find <propfemale> saunders a place to stay so she can again live happily within the place she belongs  bring ash home!  love 
": your world is an ashtray, my world is uneffected "
: no matter what i do i can't deny that i'm in fucking love with you <propmale> gruber!  love  4 24 10 for life  love 
: smokin' a cig  love you <propmale> gruber and <propfemale> saunders!!  love  4 24 10 for life!  love 
": if i'm a bad person, you don't like me, well i guess i'll make my own way  it's a circle a mean cycle    i don't wanna hear your sad song! i don't want to play this game!     ignorance is your *new best friend*!"
": last night had to be the funniest night of my life  first of all i'm not the type of girl that hooks up and fucks around, i am faithful and true to the man that i love- and secondly, i don't dig 30 yr old looking little boys  haha the joke is on you <propfirst> trant! maybe next time you won't *try* and *fail* at stealing your \friend's\"" girlfriend ever again  hope you learned   love  4 24 10 for life!  love """
": on the road again! see you all around! if you need me, hit me up  718 757 1045l "
: correction! on the road again! see you all around! if you need me hit me up @ 718 757 1045 
": today was a beautiful day, made more beautiful by all the people who chilled with us on this most joyus day  remember, remember, the sixth of may! the day <propmale> trant was brought to shame!"
": boys and girls of every age, wouldn't you like to see something strange? come with usand you will see, this our town of halloween!"
: lovin' how just because we made coffee    the coffee pot got taken away and hidden 
: waiting on a ride  help! friday is so boring!
: apparently can't find a ride  fml  you all suck!
": never thought i'd say this, but, someone get me the fuck out of here before i go insane!"
: getting a ride  hit me up if you need me  718 757 1045
": just got back to farmingdale after being in a car accident  we're fine, but that shit was scary  i'm never driving a car after tonight  ever  and i owe alli my fucking life for being one of the best driver's i've seen  i seriously have a new respect for life and the little things that normally don't matter "
: i love not being able to sleep  <propfemale> sigh!
: i'm still in terrible amounts of pain  ow  stupid car accidents! it's all good - i'll be fine in a few days time 
: the computer is taking my life away!
": finally going to sleep  good night all, or good morning - whatever suits you  i love you <propmale> gruber!  love  4 24 10  love  baby you're my everything!"
: smokin' a cig with my baby    life's good   love 
: wow is my best friend forever!  love   love   love   love   love 
: fml  i need a tampon   sad  sad fucking faces!
: fml i still need a tampon   sad 
: <propfirst>'s ( <propmale> gruber) got tickly nipples!
: at <propfemale>'s getting ready for the city! national museum of native american history booyah! cell is off but i'll be around!
": belore - sun\sin'dorei - children of blood\bal'adash - hello (hello there)"
": behind the eyes of the predator laid the loving gaze of a companion  in the darkness, she was the light  there was no other e playful laination for the way i felt when i stared into hazel-amber pools  (  love  eye of the white wolf  love  )"
: wishes she knew someone that would deliver to farmingdale ny!
: wondering why life is so god damn fucking hard  fuck this shit  i think i'm done 
: sigh  why does the world suck?
": can't decide wtf to do  take pictures, play video games, watch another movie    someone, help me! i've not a clue what to do!"
": there isn't a girl in the world that could make you feel the way i do when i whisper the words you want to hear   love  baby, it's me you need so don't be shy - it's me you need just to get by!"
: finally going to play some world of warcraft!!  love  phone is off and i won't be on facebook  sorry  i'll be back later on!  love  <propmale> gruber !  love   love  4 24 10  love 
: waking <propmale> gruber up the good old fashion way     laugh  *evil laughter* say hello to my little hand!  love 
: walking around with a dead phone     must get to merrick asap    god help me?  love  4 24 10  love 
": high ho, high ho, it's off to work we go!"
": i have a feeling    this is just not going to be one of those \good days\""  """
": if i'm a bad person, you don't like me    oh well   laugh   love "
"it's a circle, a mean cycle    i can't excite you anymore  wheres your gavel, your jury - whats my offense this time? you're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me, then sentence me to another life  i don't wanna hear your sad songs, i don't wanna play your games  so long as i'm not involved 'cause you know we're not the same, we're not the same, oh we're not the same!"
: fuck the world andf the scum bags in it  next asshole to add me and flirt with me is getting elfuckingcabong'd    again!
: is offically so fucking pissed at <propfirst> hayes  that she has been crying for the last few hours  who are you to take the one thing that makes me happy in life and alter it to your liking? don't fuck with my fucking shaman you stupid fucking douche! i don't have the gold to respec her!
: this sucks  this really really sucks 
": apparently i can either sleep, sleep, or sleep    since i'm so fucking boring - apparently "
: fuck the world and it's need to forget ignore me  fucking bite me!
": \you're in the hole!\"" that's what <propmale> gruber said!"""
: it's mine and <propmale> gruber's 1 month anniversary!  love  4 24 10  love  gunna have me my fun todaaay!
: someone wanna help me find a doctor to remove my voicebox?
: sometimes i wonder why i do the things i do when i know i'm not meant to be as happy as i try to make myself 
": lying is your favorite passion  hired heels and lipstick napkins, dying is your latest fashion!"
": <propmale> gruber, you're one in a million  thought i was through, but i ended up stumbling right into the arms of the one i needed, baby, and i love you!  love "
:  love  bliss  love  =}
: kool aid! (fruit punch)  love   smile 
: good morning world! or is it so good of a morning?
: anyone going to the beach and wanna take me and <propmale>? you know you want to  beach run   smile 
": i'm up, i'm awake, and i'm now about to go tan on the sidewalk - fuck the world i gave up on caring "
: apparently i'm not tanning     sad 
: this is why i don't cheat! http annoyed  www paybackkatie in ?id=8zp8uh0yy8fsbnm03escrb6x44pcug
": the day <propmale> gruber forgot about \really good\"" sex     i'm quoting this convo mentally and i'm too shocked to even laugh """
: going outside for a smoke 
": i'm shutting the comp down for an hour, txt <propmale> - my phone is dead   love "
: feh      just feh 
": wowing, leave a message "
": it's only in my mind, not in real life    no, i must be dreaming!"
": bored and need something to do! help, help!"
": bored, oh bored, bored bored bored bored bored  i'm tempted to try and get out for a walk  dunno  i could wake <propmale> up, but he'll wanna sit around for an hour before we emerge from his dungeon    hmm   what to do?"
: shopping  love 
": i love my baby, yes i do!  love "
": going to sleep after some <propmale> popcorn munching, or penutbutter sammich munching  something    possibly   i hope   "
: just waking up is the oddest feeling in the world when you're not high 
": love is a terrible temptress, a cruel mistress not unlike the harsh seas, with tidal waves of agony that come crashing down on you "
": finally flew the coop, all    but at what cost? i love you <propmale>, don't do anything stupid, please "
love is a tough cycle to have to float through  it's almost amazing how everything can just fall apart with one huge revelation    i know myself well enough to sat i'm a complicated girl - but i hate how it took me this long to realize i should've listened 3 years ago and moved sooner 
": if i'm a bad person, you don't like me, well i guess i'll make my own way  it's a circle, a mean cycle, i can't excite you anymore  where's your gavel, your jury? what's my offense this time? you're not a judge but if you're gunna judge me, then sentence me to another life! i don't wanna hear your sad songs, don't wanna play your games, so long as i'm not involved 'cuz you know we're *not the same*!"
: livin' life and loving it in texas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck new york i'm not coming back!
: texas is awesomesauce
: gunna be tru blood fanatics today! watching season one to reccent! woooo-hooo-hoooo! still loving texas more than ny 
": i'm too blonde to sit through tru blood right now, lmmfao "
": lol, <propfirst> took over my wow account, oh joy! lol  off to stracraft i go go goooo! or something   "
: waking up and finding where your bf pased out     priceless!
": finding boyfirend and having him tell you \let me finish sleeping\"" fucking sad face man   sad """
: whitestone vs bayside high     whitestone won for me 
":i am who i am, and that is that  deal with it, or leave me be  it's just that damn easy!"
": things aren't the way they were before, you wouldn't even recognize me now    but in the end it doesn't even matter "
": \ hated by many - wanted by plenty, disliked by some -confronted by none  c'mon fuckers, i'm waiting  make your fucking move  you can't touch me in heaven, nigga, all the way from hell "
": going to <propfirst>'s house, my friends! you know who to call if i am needed  love you all, and miss you too!"
: mission 1) wake <propfirst> up  mission 2) get a pack  mission 3) get my clothes from the post office  mission 4) try not to die from heat stroke!
: warhammer!  love  kammie the dorkball strikes again  sadly i'm paying attention to the game  lmao 
": yeah, yeah     <propfirst> just might get me to play him a second time in warhammer    let's see how that works out - i suspect he'll try again by thursday, possibly before tuesday "
: i need a ciggarette!!!!!!!!!!!1111 noooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww!
: must       find      ciggarette                 holy shit     
 love  fuck i need a smoke   love 
: need nicotine god fucking damnit  i'm gunna end up bleeding if i keep bugging out and scartching like mad  i feel like a crack head && it makes me wanna cry   sad 
": i'm going to bed, i'm starting to freak out to the point of crying  i wish i had a ciggy "
": sidewalks, running away from the streets we knew    hope the sun is gone away   "
": love how only one person even cares i'm going crazy, ripping myself apart on his floor  fucking sucks, just to know how few friends i really have, that'll never forget me "
: god fucking damnit fuck my fucking life 
": mn i'm so sick and tierd of seeing a million other girls so much prettier than me with better personalities and all that stupid bs everywhere i go - and still having people lie to me, saying i'm better when i'm obviously not  i hate being lied to, i hate being so plain compared to so many others  i wish i was prettier, smarter, funnier  i wish i wasn't me  i wish i was better "
: i fight for the <propmale> to be lied to again 
: red bucks && <propfirst> hayes - the two things i need to start my day off right (and without murdering anyone)!!!!!!!!!!!  love 
": moving in with friends, the icing to the cake "
: hate realizing your old best friend is still hotter than you? i do   crying 
": watching listening to <propfemale> and grubb is just fucking funny  man, best day ever "
: pool time!
": sitting around until we gotta hit g-ma's and grab gas money, then it's off to get applications and then it's party time! oh! we're all moved into our new apartment with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and grubb! yay! everything is looking perfect right about now!  love  <propfemale> kat konspiracy & kameron hayes (konspiracy)  love "
: fuck i need an ipod charger!
: afk - going to walmart!
: must kill stupid shitty interwebs connection!
": oh yeah, i'm no different in texas than new york and still my life's beyond improved  guess that proves just how much better this place is  high school bullshit goes out the window and what *really* matters comes into play  the mentality is so much better  even the \slime balls\"" have more humanity than a \""good person\"" in new york! but - i still love all my beautiful friends that i'm missing so dearly """
: <propfemale> fucking sigh     if only    if only    is it ever going to be a time where i'm wrong?
": nevermind my need to flee    \false alarm\""?"""
": facebook    oh how i might delete you! drama, tension, despair! freedom, e playful ression, nothing will ever be attainable outside of my own mind "
": i must worry too much, or perhaps not enough? why did the world have to be so god damn cruel?"
": it's been a long time coming since i got what i deserved! the perfect man for me, a best friend that'll last through the ges, and a life worth writing a best selling novel about! i can't possibly ask for more, or better! (just need to update my photos asap!!)"
: finally get a fucking dog        and it ran away ast night thanks to my roomies!!!! fuck this shit!
: found the dog    now all i need are cigarettes and i'll be happy!
: i came  i saw  i conquered 
: shopping   late  love 
": some of us like to play with fire, but i like to play with ice  it's sharp and cold and kills you slowly and painfully - whereas the shock from being set aflame could kill you instantly "
": i never realized just how well the labyrinth soundtrack really does describe me, my life - and all those other little dorky things    sometimes i wonder    if that movie has some crazy connection to my life    god i must be going insane!"
": yay <propfirst>, coming to rub a party i'm not invited to in my face     yay!"
": i'm so scared of what is to come! i'm also so stubborn to learn from it  regardless of the outcomes, i'm just too closed up to accept a god damn thing anyone offers  it's a horrible trait i should fix, but i just can't seem to find the way to let it gooooo  it's pissing me off - despite my trying to ignore it  damn it "
: i wouldn't ask me anything if i were anyone but myself 
 annoyed igh   labyrinth cures all!
": fun times, just fun times! the day is going to be a good, interesting day and i'm enjoying it to it's fullest  i should remember to let the days be like this more often!"
: wish i could be wowing!
": for all of you that blame me for what <propfirst> has done, he and you are totally wrong! i spent my entire time trying my hardest to right the wrongs, but can you blam me for being in love with someone thats right for me?"
": and the days go one and on and on and on, and i'm still singing stronger, and stronger, and stronger than before!"
: sigh    there are just some things i'm not looking forward to    i have a feeling my spiral of depression is just going to get worse      
"gah! god damn it! i refuse to be this pathetic! just fuck the world! fuck it with a titanium dildo, damn it! i miss ny   my family and my second family (aka friends)    at least you guys were there when i cried even if you hated me (not all of you, but some do - and they haven't been added to this fb for obvious reasons) "
: damn it    i need to start remembering to collect <propfirst> when people come over - just in case i need them    like now     fml    
": life's just a crazy little side show full of thieves and betrayers  nothing you can do but be the big bad lupine amidst the various vulpine of this vast, haunted <propmale> of life   smile  just ironic, if you look at it from that perspective  i seem to be rolling in the odd, out-there thoughts  tranquility is it's best when there is nothing to interupt the flow of the immagitive flux "
": life's just a crazy little side show full of thieves and betrayers  \nothing you can do but be the big bad lupine amidst the various vulpine \of this vast, haunted <propmale> of life   smile  just ironic, if you look at it \from that perspective  i seem to be rolling in the odd, out-there \thoughts  tranquility is it's best when there is nothing to interupt the\ flow of the immagitive flux "
": it's just another day in the undertow of life, but it seems a few air bubbles, or brushes with the surface, allows for a little more air than usual  eh  'spose it's true what they say, if you pay too much attention to life in general you start to go insane  we're not ready for that shit, as humans "
": i hate feeling like i can't say my peace  too many people would start freaking out on me if i did  bottling it up doesn't help, but when life doesn't throw you a blankie, you're stuck fighting off the bad dreams by ignoring them, and that doesn't make them go away "
: it's looking like those <propfemale> slippers might just be coming my way soon  sometimes i wonder why i even associate with people 
: people screaming in the middle of sex at 4 am deserve to have their voice boxes ripped out and their faces fucking mauled off  seriously 
": it's a circle, a mean cycle    "
": i'm sitting all alone, feeling empty  <propfemale> has never spoken truer words "
: apparently i don't even count as someone to talk to  thanks grubb 
": look at me, the person that doesn't exist apparently  how lovely  i've become the forgotten one again  wish i could cry, think it'd make me feel better  but who knows? doesn't seem to be a cure for being forgotten "
: i wish i knew how to believe in futures    
"if you care   if you really ever cared about me, not just out of pity or self moral, then write something    anything on my wall  i don't care what it is, just write something on my wall so i know i'm not alone  so i know i'm wrong   please    i really need everyone to do it if they care  i need to know "
:an hour goes by - and is anybody in the room with me yet? no  they're out drinking  awesome 
": thank you <propmale> lopez for coming through for me when no one else could, or wanted to! and again thank you <propfemale> duh for trying your hardest, too!"
": tonight the angels cry, as their savior slowly fades to black and dies, leaving nothing but the cries of the dead and the dying "
: i have failed again  seems no one in my part of town has pot right now  wooo! i can't medicate my bi polar! this shit sucks!
: good night cruel world 
: her feelings she hides  her dreams she can't find  she's losing her mind  she's fallen behind  she can't find her place  she's losing her faith  she's falling from grace  she's all over the place! (in a nutshell    in a nutshell    i should have never forgotten this would always be my theme song  *sigh wink 
: her feelings she hides  her dreams she can't find  she's losing her mind  she's fallen behind  she can't find her place  she's losing her faith  she's falling from grace  she's all over the place! (i just wish the world could understand just how true it is)
": she wants to go home but nobody's home, that's where she lies, broken inside  her feelings she hides \ her dreams she can't find  she's losing her mind  she's fallen behind  \she can't find her place  she's losing her faith  she's falling from \grace  she's all over the place! she's lost inside, lost inside "
: i hate mornings 
": i'm almost giving up the hunt  i want to sleep but i can't  here comes another amazingly horrible day  great  everyone else is laughing and i'm in a corner, sad - and you think anyone noticed? nah, too busy watching t v  to care "
: there's no place like home 
: song of the night? tik tok!
": scratch that  song of the night is \nobody's home\""    again  <propmale> life """
:  tik tok rockin' in the background of my headset - just waiting for the smoothie to melt so i can drink it  thanks to my first cup bei9ng devoured i won't get crunked  dunno why i even accepted the drink since it won't make it any different 
": i should stop listening to \my genre\"" of music  it apparently seems bad for me  damn \""ghetto\"" music and people being right  fuck my life  why? lmao  i can't wait to see the faces of the people who see me in ny whenever i come back!"""
": i got a few rules for the common folk here, i'm not cool with the way i was once treated in ny  if you call yourself my friend then you'll at least text me once a day & chill close enough to everyday  if you dare partake in my generosity than you better show appreciation in any way possible  and lastly, for now, if you say you're a friend you better understand backstabbing me is a deathwish "
": i suggest if you hate ke$ha    not to call me, lol, or you'll want to commit suicide!"
": love my life, hate the people in it  hopefully i'll be out of this hellish place soon "
": man, this is so boring!"
: wooooo hooooo life's getting better!!!!
: just a few more days and i'll be coming home! woot!
": misery is a constant, apparently "
": man, these drama queens need to stop flocking to me before i knock a few \bitches\"" back into place  never thought some could get so under my skin """
":  love  paaaaartyyyy tomorrow!!!! tonight i'm kicking back and relaxing - no need to bother with running around on a monday! if you need me, my cell is on so just drop me line - my number is the same as always   smile  much  love  to all my friends - and more  love  to my family! love you <propfirst> && <propmale> && <propmale> && big d!!"
: workin' and stuffs  i'll give the peeps a call later when it's party time!
"fuck the world    fuck life    fuck the people in it (except my lovelies, you know who you are - <propfemale> spirio and my mother included)! i'm done with the bs and games  shit is gunna get serious fast!"
: people    oi   
": i hate lij and their need to keep me on hold for over an hour!!!!!!!!!!! just to change a fricken appointment!!! man, this might be easy work, but it's annoying as hell!"
": not going to let life get me down  no, no  not a <propmale> in hell!"
": laptop charger came in! hello, wow, here i come!"
": hating on mc <propfirst>'s stupid application program! stupid \continue\"" button doesn't want to work and i don't feel like re-entering everything i just did  ugh    yay for work applications! (blaaaaah!)"""
": smoke break, kittens for two hours, then real work     which is probably going to be more kittens  ha ha ha! can't wait for <propfemale>'s adoption to go through!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i get to play mommy when it does! wooot! i'm actually excited(?)! never thought i would be - guess it's because i didn't have to pop it outta my    well    yeeeah - later all!  love "
: i feel so alone   
": this is starting to make me wonder if i even deserve to live anymore  this is just spiraling again and again no matter what i do  i do no wrong and still it proceeds to go down and down and at this point there is no saving me or anything i've done, or will do - it's just not worth shit "
": woooo! orientation at 1 surprise 0 pm ! i'm soooo happy to get this done and over with! <propfemale>'s is going to be a fun job, i can tell already!"
: woooo hooo! i'm so happy orientation went so well  it's a total burden off my shoulders! now is the wait   sad  i'll have to make phone calls come tuesday if i don't hear by monday (kinda hope they call tomorrow!)
": man today went quick but i missed a shift i could've picked up  alas, no work this week so far but the next open shift there is i'm gunna try and grab it  see you all around - i'm about to go break in the cyclone and see what colors it'll really turn! so far my baby is silver and blue on yellow!"
": love slow, lazy days  hate being a girl, though  dreaded g-visits if ya know what i mean!"
there's a place i know if you're looking for a show  where they go hardcore and there's glitter on the floor  (ke$ha - take it off  love )
: hot and dangerous    i'm running this town like a club   love 
: need someone with a car for a pick up  love  i hate being carless and sick - and without reliable friends 
": actually, fuck this shit  i'm going to walk  ke$ha, we r who we r, is the song of the day  feel it, yo "
": if it wasn't for you, all my wishes and dreams could never come true  they say the heart knows better than the mind, but what if you're the only thing i think of, the only reason my heart beats and the reason it beats for? i could really use a wish right now, so i can wish us into a happy future, eternal   love "
: i hate how a good mood can be so easily ruined by a few girls and some stupid comments  you know    i could really use a wish right now    fix the problem ahead of time  maybe if i made the right choice the first time this wouldn't happen   
": you won't cry for my absence now, you forgot me long ago  isn't something missing? isn't someone missing me? though i died to know you loved me, i'm all alone  isn't someone missing me? (please stop the pain, you won't stop the pain, you won't say the words) please forgive me, but i won't be home again "
": if i am such a nice, beautiful person then why is it that life only likes me when i'm depressed and crying every last ounce of what's left of me out? i don't deserve this, do i?"
:i can scream these lyrics all i want and it still does nothing for me  this is so stupid 
: seeing old friends who bring back good memories is the best cure for a terrible week (in my case few months - dumb life) 
: sigh    
": watching the <propmale> scene in titanic    man, how beautiful it is  i wish, so terribly, that i had something that romantic happen to me! sigh  i at least have a boyfriend that won't die at the end of my movie   laugh "
": as soon as i find out who answered yes to a bunch of questions that should have been answered no - i am going to fucking burn their house down and eat their families in front of them before i give them a good old arabian torture    it takes a few weeks to finish, but when i am done with them i am sure no one is ever going to bother being stupid towards me again "
: wish there was a day i didn't have to cry   
": can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now, because i just can't do this for a minute longer  i can't seem to do good enough despite doing my best & that isn't enough, but i honestly don't see where making me cry and feel like nothing is going to get me anywhere other than at the very bottom of my hole? seriously  what is people's fucking problems?"
"so <propmale> is going back to tevas to re-enlist, leaving me alone in new york with nothing to live for  go parents! it's all their fault  as for <propfirst> hayes, he is a two faced lying sack of shit and i'm just totally done  sorry all, i'm going back to my hole "
: next weds is the day i'm slowly dying inside   <propmale>'s going back to colorado as far as i heard  why does it always happen to me?
": is watching great teacher onizuka  you should, as well!"
: is singing the ending theme for gto (yes in japaneese)! i wish it was fucking five already!
i might finish the season if i keep watching these 
: hopes a shower will wake her up  also hopes her <propfemale> will get up soon so she can shower and leave before 6 smile 0  can't wait to hear the bitch fit i'll get when the bf finds out i ran off to cool my jets  all this dreadful thinking is really making me second guess everything i have ever known  i'm terrified 
"i want to say thank you to the people that stuck by me through thick and thin  it's a huge burden off my shoulders to know i have a good support system to fall back on in times of need  i can't be everyone's fall back girl all the time \\i'm missing all my old friends from back in the day  we should all chill again  i still got the same number, if you don't have it message me on fb!"
"when the dark of the night comes around that's the time that the animal comes alive looking for something wild    there's a place downtown where the freaks all come around it's a hole in the wall it's a dirty free-for-all! there's a place i know if you're looking for a show, where they go hardcore and there's glitter on the floor! \ -everybody take it off!-"
": says, \snow needs to die  let's invent a giant blow dryer and melt the snow       or maybe shoot 'god' in the face so it never snows again\""  end useless status!"""
": missing you    you're sweet kisses, intoxicating, leave me craving more "
": ain't got a care in world, but got plenty of beer ain't got no money in my pocket, but i'm already here now, the dudes are lining up 'cause they hear we got swagger but we kick 'em to the curb unless they look like mick jagger"
: god damn it get out of my fucking head! shit is stupid! i can't stop thinking!!!!!!!!!!!!
": gaaaaah fucking, i hate this! what am i supposed to dooo?"
": god, people, wake up!!!!!!!"
": yawn  tired  going to sleep for now  <propfemale> call me when you get out wake up get home! <propfirst>    you're mean and you should call me when you decide you want to get a damn coffee, 'cause i owe you one and i've been trying to treat you all day! dumbass!"
" love  my heart is pounding, a mix of fear and joy  a month ago i thought i was gone, just a flat-line, but you're brought me back from the brink of death just by being back in my life "
"    fml    i'm in love and i can't stop it  i won't let him get away i'm not losing him again  i waited five long fucking years to get a <propmale> and i won't fuck it up  i've had this void in my heart this entire time and i can't live this way  i -will- have him back and i -will- show him he has another choice, another way to live  i won't stop fighting until i can say, \i am dating <propfirst> manco\""  i  won't  give  up!"""
: just fucking speechless  just wanna hit fast forward and get to the happy ending already  lol 
: i can't sit here and fucking just not go crazy this is impossible 
:  annoyed  i fell like fucking <propfemale> <propfemale> swan  this shit is crazy  i can't even begin to fucking e playful lain 
 laugh  god  going   crazy   
": i can't stand it  i want him to call me right now  i just can't stand this, i can't take not seeing him right now  i know in time when i can call him mine it won't be like this, it won't hurt so bad not to see him, but now with my fear he'll slip away it's painful not to be next to him - so i know he's still focused on me "
": want to buy, simple life with less drama!"
: man when is this shit gunna end? lmao 
i'm in love! and it feels like heaven! i can't even e playful lain what's going on or how awesome i feel!
":  love  you're face, like a song, is stuck on repeat in my head  you're kisses, like <propfirst> daniels, intoxicates me in a way i've never been before  i stumble through life as it speeds by, my body slowed down my the loss of blood and oxygen to my brain, because baby when i'm around you   it's just like being drunk and bled dry by a vampire  scary, exciting, and making me dizzy! (i r dork  laugh )"
"o o i can not believe i am about to do this    in the next five minutes everyone will either love me, or block me  lol "
: sigh  i miss you!
"home, wowing  haleofmidnight@aol com"
: sleeping!
": grrr it's so cold in here i have three blankets on - and i'm so pissed i went to sleep early because now i'm hungry, and i'm up at 6:19 am!!!! god damn it!!"
: fuck! wow is down!? fml!!! f    m   l!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hates when people seem to be on facebook, but aren't, they're afk  stop logging on if you're going to go afk! *pokes <propfemale>* garrrr!"
: waiting on daddy to shower so i can then get out to radio shack  hit the celly   love 
": is showering  call the cell if you need me! txts to a <propfemale>, <propfemale>'s freaking "
: to the cold!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
baaaah that was a cold fucking walk lol  i think the like hour of sitting on my corner is what did it  i'm ice  seriously     
"i love being able to say i'm the only girl i know on fb from the past that doesn't have a million pictures with my tits hanging out in every pic, or half naked in every pic, or wearing a dress with my ass basically hanging out in every pic  yay i'm not a whore like the rest of the world wooo!"
": go figure, wow is still down     weeeeee!"
: fuck this shit i need a fucking blunt before i break down again 
": going to <propfirst>'s, then maybe to <propmale>'s  <propfemale> it is important you call me  smile  ! everyone else, i love you all my dear friends and i hope to be back online soon  everything will be clear soon "
"going crazy, bored as all hell - sucks to wake up with no one in the house "
": why is it only thursday? why can't it be friday so i don't have to wait two days to have some fun? where the fuck did this week fly off to anyway? guess i've finally made it past the haze in my head  watch, it'll be back in a few days  i can promise that, actually "
": thank you <propfemale> for calling me a drug addict, that's really nice of you             "
: woot for alts! wra  love 
": out for the night-ish  don't call me, i won't answer   love "
": sit back, relax, take a breathe  it's a hard job being everyone's sunshine   smile   love  wonder when i get to take a break?"
": i'm not a trick you play, i'm wired a different way\i'm not a mistake, i'm not a fake, it's set in my dna\don't change me, don't change me (ooooh ooh)\don't change me, don't change me\(i can't be tamed)"
i want to slap guys that take five times as long as girls do to get ready  12 smile 0 to 2 surprise 7 and still no response is a very scary long time for a guy to get ready and eat  o o or maybe i'm just super woman??
: to the noto! hit my cellie ya'll  much  love  and green!
: sigh  life  hah  wow is life   love   love   love   love 
": you suck balls of hairy monkeys, <propfirst> "
: so  fucking  bored 
: you know i am sad when i am too depressed to play wow 
; ugh  suck face  i'll be back in an hour or two 
: might actually quit wow  shit is getting really stupid 
:  love  wow more and more the more i play  damn it 
: parrrrrrty!
": don't stop, make it pop, dj blow those speakers up!"
":  love  and when i think of you sparks fly, like fireworks in the moonless sky  i'm the dusk, and you're my <propfemale>  so devour me in sunlight, baby, because you make my heart sing and reach for the heavens   love "
: just chillin at my baby's house   love  <propfirst>!!!!
": about to wow out with my beautiful, amazing, sweet, awesome boyfriend!  love  <propfirst>  love  !"
": you know you're bored when your bf is on fb mobile sending you inbox messages, and watching you type back to him from the left of you  go go fucking retarded moments woooooooooooooo!"
: note to self - kill <propfirst> when i get off this damned cursed computer of addictiveness 
": me and <propmale> can share a bra, we've got the same sized boobies   laugh   love  you babe, don't eat me!"
": it's time again to go back to the dark side and with that known, i'll be adding my friends of like origins to the new facebook i'll be creating tonight  sorry world, but the darkness once again needs it's almighty <propfemale>, and goddess, sakhmet!"
: night night facebook     bed is calling me! sorta 
: going to the hospital - <propfirst> is reaching critical condition 
: back from lij - everything is fine he just has a viral cold in the lungs and 3 weeks of pain pills and fever reducers is all he needs  thank <propfemale>!
: man do i wanna smoke so badly  damn being broke   damn it to hell!
": if i had one wish, i would be smoking right now "
": i need one of two things  a car, or friends with cars "
: must have blunt   sad  at least i've been sober for a week 
: poke wars mother fuckers!
: tooo many comment pages and pokes and things and and     omg stop the confusion!
ugh omfg i hate fleas  dumb cats        !!!!!!!!! ;-;
": my own fucking brother isn't answering me  yeah, fucking great - i see how much i'm loved "
: i fucking give up  i'm going to fucking go play wow or something because obviously i've been forgotten 
: looks like people wanna fucking die 
: ohhhhh <propmale> you picked the wrong cunt to fuck with  > smile 
: i could really use a friend right now   
: the world can fucking kiss my ass - 'cause i own the world!  love 
: totally think i should like just die right now      yep   
i am not having a break down! i refuse to! i'm going to watch gto and that is it!
": oh, i can't -wait- for this week's events to unfold  i can foresee lots of drama, and lots of long awaited desires being finally fulfilled  i can not wait!  love "
: my heart sings for you   love 
": miley <propmale> put it the best, sad to say, \i can't wait to see you again!\""  annoyed  woe is me    it's never going to end!"""
 love  you make me fall in love all over again 
well good god damn! i hate when people have things you need and won't give them back!
damn it <propmale> <propfirst> munson stop poking your little sis! she's sensitive! ouchies!  love   playful 
<propmale> <propfirst> munson answer me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 love  loving up the new life  dunno how often i'll drift back and forth  heh 
"i don't want my boyfriend to\- break his xbox for me ;\- stop talking to the rest of the female population ;\- or blow off his friends for me \what i do want him to do is\- teach me how to play black opps ;\- remember that he has a girlfriend ;\- and invite me to <propfemale> with his friends \\because that's what a good boyfriend would do "
"if it isn't my dad, it has to be my mother  if it isn't my parents it has to be the people that supposedly called me friend, family  can i get a fucking break from the heartache, please?"
"ha ha, my b-day is going to be at subspace! for those of you who do not know, subspace is a scene club event held every third friday in the city  and march's theme is the mad hatter tea party! woho <propfemale> birthday!"
"single or not, put this as your status and see what you get , inbox only! ; ]\??? = i want a relationship\?? = i'm falling for you\ smile  = i wanna hug you\;} = i like you a lot\   -___- = i miss you\^__^ = your sexy beautiful\:   = i want you, but can't\ smile )= i want you\ kiss  )= kiss me"
"woot! i just got back from hanging out with my big brother for the first time since he left for <propfemale>! yes! i missed him so much!  love  i'm missing ash, too   sad  can't fucking sleep though!"
": no, i have not died yet  sorry ya'll   joyful "
seriously need to fucking smoke  someone hit me up 
"sometimes i just wish that people truly understood me, what i am & what i stand for  sometimes i wish that people could see that i'm a just a sweet girl, waiting to be appreciated, loved, & thanked for all the sacrifices i made for all of you, & i also wish all the jealous fucking girls would stfu, back off, & realize i love asher  keep your fucking dirty ass, nasty boyfriends, bitches - i got my <propmale> "
