b515634bd0797b06791acafb8ef86673
is home
is looking for a good recipe for peanut butter cookies and someone to fix the lawnmower 
thinks that her fb friends should weigh in on where she should go      a) <propfemale> (philadelphia)  b) scholl (illinois)  c) ohio (obviously in ohio)
"the decision is in folks   after much deliberation and big pro con lists, <propfemale> will be staying in illinois to attend scholl college at <propfemale> <propmale> "
thinks her kitties are good at catching mice       they keep attacking my hand on the computer mouse 
is sleepy   need more coffee!!!!
is in need of an attitude adjustment 
's attitude has been well adjusted 
"loves being nickled and dimed to death   $500 to hold spot in class, $125 criminal background check, $100+ for physical   starting school will actually be priceless after all this "
woke up with a headache    
had a big glass of brat juice with her crazy flakes!!
       it's just a flesh wound 
"is not a local or national criminal and is not on the sex offender registry   she found all this out for the low, low price of $42 50 "
"needs all her fb friends to send her a joke, please "
wants more sake 
"is moving to libertyville   yay, i am so excited!!"
is excited she finally got her desk top on line   now she just has to get the laptop working right 
thinks it is adorable that her hungarian biochem instructor pronounces periphery (pary fary) 
is wondering what the vet did to make her kitties hiss at each other 
thinks her phone fell out in <propmale>'s car 
     poopyman naked again    
helped with dr  jones' lamenectomy 
had lots o fun suturing!!
got a grade she can live with on her test   it isn't time for a tutor yet 
loves her new hand mixer 
"kmkggyh isz tgygpkgf   (this is, \<propfemale> is typing \""  for all of you that do not speak fluent <propfemale> )"""
does not understand how she did better on this biochem test 
does not want to take anatomy and ecr tests next week 
hopes the next four tests go better 
"wonders if any of her pod friends can tell her what the 5 questions with alternate answers are, and their answers of course "
      power puff girls rock!!
life      fail 
ate one toooooo many eggs today 
i wish all my friends out there a very <propfemale> and successful new year 
"join the darkside, we have cookies "
"red, what else?"
"give it to me straight, everywhere, and messy "
done with the head to toe   yay!!  on to bigger and better things 
had a wonderful time at d4d   thanks to everyone who made the night so enjoyable 
"       so, zach thought it would be a good idea to do the dishes in the dishwasher with regular soap      and now the kitchen floor is covered with bubbles "
     who replaced my palpebral conjuctiva with sand paper?
"needs a \smoke break\"" after studying reproductive physiology    smile """
is playing hookie to study 
possibly needs liquor 
"anyone have the key to the most recent clinical anatomy exam?  if i am going to beat myself up today, i might as well do a thorough job "
back to needing that liquor    
"really should nap, but can't "
coma inducing drugs would be welcome right about now 
two and a half pots of coffee and yet i am still sleepy 
"a naturally gorgeous girl who is eathier very quiet and shy or incredibly wild and adventurous\that <propfemale> must be on crack\"""""
"urban dictionary:  an amazingly happy, yet clumsy person, who is so nice and is always helpful to cheer up everyone else  i need a <propfemale>  (in example of needing the happiness)  you pulled a <propfemale>  (in example of the clumsiness)"
anyone know how to find ecr head to toe grade?
's reward for a brutal dissection and then sliding around in the snow:  sushi and starbuck's 
can't find her devil's food cake recipe 
is now short on sugar 
wants to know how to exorcise her possessed printer 
    only 164 more <propmale> films to rewatch
so tired of dr  manion's voice
gives up 
"no school, no work today   whatever will i do?"
"walked into the panera bathroom and saw a sticker on the floor two feet in front of the toilet that said \use first \""  what to do?   smile """
is annoyed by the nursing supervisor on duty this weekend 
hmmmm         painful anatomy lecture with difficult to understand professor who can't follow her own notes or independent study time?   i guess it is independent study time 
"lets support our firefighters emt's  if you support our firefighters emt's, please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  god bless our firefighters and emt's!!"
"is it just me, or is last year's second neuro quiz not a wonderful representative of what is on tomorrow's neuro quiz?"
public service announcement to all <propfemale> tale characters:  please be aware of old hags delivering fruit 
thinks she might know what goes through which foramina 
is wondering how many different types of joints the person who wrote the pm&s study guide thought there were in a toe 
finally checked her neuro grade and was relieved that she was not one out of 45 
    3 surprise 0pm on a school day in a school zone with children present       slow down ass!!!!
can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep
anyone have the clinical anatomy key?
zman says he has homework in health and math spelled h e l l and m e t h   what are they teaching children these days    smile 
those of us who would have actually like to have gotten two hours of sleep for once on a sunday night thank you 
einstein says an equation is something for eternity 
"    2 pairs of shoes today, apmsa-asics by fedex and heels for friday, today is an awesome day "
lecture on pain is painful 
"what do you see when you turn out the light?  i'm not certain, but i know that it's mine"
      is there a chart for the viruses floating around out there?
is unavailable for consultation 
wishes someone would quit leaving this woman in charge 
why is it that studying the brain makes my brain feel like mush?
you can't e playful ect to wield supreme executive power just because some waterry tart threw a sword at you 
key to the 4th neuro quiz?
has had way tooooooo much skybucks coffee 
thinks <propfirst> kerr is the best boyfriend ever 
epic fail
"now has 4, count 'em, 4 real tires   no more spare   yay!!"
"when one e playful lains the norm, shouldn't they have a model that is normal?"
votes for no more biomechanics!
anyone else having difficult getting onto rfums website?
good luck to all the p3's taking their boards today!!
just discovered the p2 schedule skips right over new year's <propfemale> and is just wrong thereafter 
appartently can't spell or type today 
can't concentrate = futile to study; can't sleep = staring at the ceiling
is now plaster free 
"the purpose of reviewing an exam, is to learn from your mistakes   if you have no idea what your mistakes are, what purpose does an exam review serve "
lecture boooooorrrrrrrriiiiinnngggggg!!!
oooops!!
needs an interpreter 
anyone got any guesses about the random lower extremity anatomy questions on the quiz tomorrow?
parlamaters  smile 
the libertyville high school marching band rehearsing right outside my window is much better to listen to than my upstairs neighbor with his out of tune guitar 
<propmale> deutsch says that i need ritalin and a leash (for the cats) 
chocolate for breakfast   <propfemale> would be so proud of me    smile 
"is looking at the ecr lab schedule and thinking about what chaos it is when trying to merge it with the p2 clinic and workshop schedule   more than once, one or the other will need to be rescheduled   argh!"
we have pathology at 8 am (in an hour and a half) and there still isn't even a syllabus up on d2l yet   way to procrastinate!!
so now do we go to pathology on friday or not?
first thing you learn in nursing school:  how to wash your hands            not so much in doctor school 
anyone see the pattern o t t f f s s e             ?
teenaged boy is mean and cranky this morning 
real pathology or self study pathology?
coffee came too late
predicts that she will put on more weight this year with the added stress of teaching the boy to drive 
the edges of all my bruises itch 
"25 minutes to download stupid, updated ppt"
now has transportation   thanks to all of my friends that took turns toting me home from school and <propfirst> kerr for just being his wonderful self 
<propfemale> roblesnorth should be so proud of me for completing all of my surveys 
"\the energy absorbed from one cup of coffee is more than the energy absorbed from a whole-body dose of 5 sv\""  (4 5 to 6 sv is the mean lethal dose)"""
does not feel well today   does anyone know if pediatrics is recorded?
darn navy graduation
the abbreviation for a person-sievert is a pervert    smile 
hmmm         bacon ice cream!?!?
the dekalb moose is just a moo right now 
make sure to vote for my little <propfemale> park at noon in 2 710 for the apmsa elections 
dr <propmale> tells a good bedtime story 
"i have 18 votive candles packed for workshop tomorrow   anyone in my group needing one       first come, first serve "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have beenaffected by someone who needs a foot up the ass  people who need a footup the ass affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure forsomeone who deserves a foot up the ass, except    a foot up the ass  but we can raise awareness  93% of people won't r   epost this  because they too need a foot up the ass "
pharm exam: which room?
3 hours of bedtime stories by dr <propmale> 
is relieved there are no pics on the pediatric orthopedics lectures on d2l 
"zach is going to be \kick ass\"" for halloween """
well that was a dumb idea!
"coconut crusted tilapia, in theory sounds good, but in reality, not so much "
when did the tn marry the stj?   smile   -harrisism
"if the google calender is supposed to be constantly updated, why does it say that i am supposed to be in general surgery and anesthesia "
"traffic jam on 294 at 10 pm, hmm     "
my cat is entranced with the voice of dr <propmale> coming from my computer 
"loves how google calender just reminded her that quarter break is from sunday nov 7 to saturday nov 13   umm    so we go back to school on a sunday, right?"
"g&l, hold the t"
"veggie spring roll = hand held, portable salad"
let the out of tune guitar playing begin 
"class at 8, blah"
change your profile pic to that of a cartoon or comic book character that used to be your hero when you were small and invite your friends to do the same  the objective? no more human faces on facebook but only a great invasion of childhood memories  your turn!
new windshield at 3pm   yay!
antifungals make one anti-fun-gal 
is annoy<propmale> with my child's driver's <propmale> teacher 
has lost her muchness 
is wondering if there are any professors at rfums that knows the difference between affect and effect 
<propmale> deutsch loves me 
i was just flashed by the midget perv in kellen cohn's car 
dr szanto kind of sounds like <propfirst> fudd 
you know it is going to be a bad night when the crazy-scary-evil lady is awake and won't go to bed at the beginning of the shift 
no attention span!!
all i want for <propfemale> to bring me for christmas is an eidetic memory 
anyone know the requirements for the 3 scrips we have to write for workshop?
aaarrrggghhh!!!!!!!
i give up!!
thunder just turned on the coffee maker   wonder if she is trying to tell me something 
is grounded from fb until after the pharm exam 
why is it the people in the scary movies never listen to me when i tell them not to answer the door or the phone 
i am afraid to tilt my head   my liquified brain might leak out of my ear 
"its true, we are e playful ecting!!! i know, i know, its crazy isn't it? i can't believe it myself  i was not going to put it on here because its obvious but wanted to make it official    i mean who would have guessed that we are e playful ecting!!! yup its official    we are e playful ecting more snow on sunday and again monday!!! re-post if you have any sense of humor!"
"finally had the nerve to look at my peds grade   i passed, yay!!"
"if you can't remember the difference between cranial nerve 5 and cranial nerve 6, should you be teaching neurology?"
"just witnessed a boy do an exceptional trick on rings, and his dad sitting a little ways away say that the child did nothing special   really?  you do it then!"
has to go to school and play dr 
"a real woman always has a clean house, empty laundry basket, is well made-up, smells good, slim, healthy, eloquent and is perfectly well-behaved  copy this status if you are beginning to suspect that you are a man"
does this napkin smell like chloroform?
at the arthritis walk
passed radiology!!!   smile   yay!!!!!!!
