95707f81ec2405662f209ca8bb203986
"beer in my hair, body is sore and bruise on my face      yepp it was a good night!"
what a great way to start off the new year     with strep throat  ugh 
is it summer yet?
vdjhdkhfjahflkg;khl;kblfdfssyryhfjh<------ that's how i feel right now 
hungover  now i have to clean  and then maybe bake some cookies   smile 
cookies were disappointing   annoyed  going out with my sister for a bit now 
workkk 
happy spring!!!
i wanna go hiking!
todays plans: getting my hair done  cleaning my house  going to the caboose with my sister   smile  && then picking her friend up from the airport  sounds like a good day  bonus: looks like the weather is going to be nice 
 smile 
hmm  i don't even feel hungover  i am bummed though because my sister is leaving today   annoyed 
allergies are already kicking my butt  blahh 
ohhh i am sore 
"before you go and lecture me about my life try and not be such a piece of shit yourself, <propfemale> thanks "
i just spilled a lemonade on two pairs of shoes and all over my floor  ugh 
wegmans sub  mmmm   smile 
i really hate when i start thinking  sometimes it just makes me more confused 
fried raviolis are probably better when they aren't baked fried ravioils  still quite delicious though 
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke,  you're  slightly mental at times, you can keep a secret, your house is a  mess,  or your family is filled with crazies   they love you for who  you are   true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and  never  question their friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have  at  least one true friend"
watching sunset daze  old people make me laugh   smile 
"rain, thunder and lightning    it's like an exciting lullaby "
watching <propmale> and rae-lynn  love them 
lovely bones! finally 
i feel a cold coming on     
today was kinda sucky and to top it off my internet and cable are out so no <propfemale> white on snl   annoyed  i'm taking some nyquil and hoping tomorrow is better 
"i hate being sick my head is pounding, i can't breathe and my chest hurts from coughing  i'm going back to bed "
"it's 4 in the am i can't sleep so what do i do    eat of course  suuuch a\ fat ass "
cleaning  yay me!
i kinda miss when someone else used to do my dishes  haha  but at least i have a clean house  relaxing now 
never ever in palmyra will you see a guy wearing a pink argyle collared shirt  haha  oh canandaigua you are quite douchy 
i really need to start walking more 
okay the new time <propmale> is making me really angry  it's not letting me record some shows like two different ones at a time  what the hell!
i really wanna punch some customers in the face when they ask me a question and i tell them we don't have it and then they ask if one of the guys can help them because i'm a girl and obvioulsy know nothing  seriously makes me sooo angry 
i want waffles 
i like the way you walk      yes that line was used on me today 
i'm too hot and i can't sleep  plus too much on my mind 
why allergies why????
ohhh it's going to be a long day 
soooo i just ate an entire box of cereal in two bowls  in my defense it was only a 7oz box compared to the normal 12 5oz boxes 
<propfemale> white is the last <propfemale> girl still alive  rip rue mcclanahan 
summer jam tonight! yay!
"just got back from summer jam- while there i was pushed, bumped into and felt up more times than i can count  also got into a verbal fight with some douchy guy  oh and  sone creepy old guy was up on us   but all and all it was  super fun!"
i feel like i need motivation to clean  i currently have none 
there is definitely something wrong with my sleeping patterns  i really wish i knew how to fix it 
i never want kids  i have noooo <propfemale> for them 
so i was awake for 32 hours and then slept for 15 
i really hate when random guys come up to me at the bar and e playful ect me to recognize them  sorry dude 
happy first day of summer!
why be normal when you can be special?
can't believe nik is 21 today  and then next year <propfemale> will be  so weird 
the days are just going by waaay too fast 
ah beer in a bottle     now that's class   smile 
days like today should happen more often  last night this morning was hella fun too 
umm     yeah it's kinda hot 
so i bought milk     but i didn't have cereal   annoyed  so depressing 
root beer cookies    not what i thought they would be but quite interesting 
oh my 
i think laying in the sun for a little bit before i get ready for work sounds like a wonderful idea 
"doing some cleaning    house, clothes, car "
everytime i walk by the cows on my road one always stares at me  i don't think it's the exact same one everytime but still     little creepy 
"dear <propmale> carell, chili's is waaaay better than outback  that is all "
so apparently i look turkish on top of everything else people think i am  i learned this because some old dude came up to me in the food court and started speaking turkish to me 
you may not be the sharpest tool in the shed    but you're still a tool 
blahhh 
i feel like i'm hungry more than i should be  i also think about and talk about food more than is normal  haha  i don't have enough money to support this kind of habit   annoyed 
i love rain and hail     as long as i'm not driving in it  little scary 
ugh i hate my computer 
home-made macaroni and cheese is the best 
i am soooooo ready for a few drinks  definitely glad today is over 
there should only be allowed so much stupid in one weekend  i feel like the quota has already been filled and there's still one more day 
ugh 
feeling so out of it lately 
one bad thing about living alone- spiders that don't die and then get lost   annoyed 
"some lady just told her daughter she couldn't get buffalo bills silly bandz because \they're a boy thing \"" i'm all for not buying bills stuff cuz they suck but not because you're a girl  some people are so ignorant """
i really hate being in a mad mood for no reason 
i think someone should send me in 'n out and tri tip  mhmm 
"dear <propfirst> favre, i'll believe it once the season actually starts "
beeeeeeeeer!!!!!  smile 
i love finding drink chips in my pockets     almost as good as finding money!
that '70s show is the best 
bed i think  this early is like a first  ha 
"today is my half sister <propfemale>'s birthday  i'm pretty sure she's 15 but we haven't seen her in probably 12 years because people suck  so happy birthday <propmale>, love&miss you "
i don't even know 
got my tattoo!!! love it!
sooo somebody put a packers favre jersey on my porch     no idea who it was and kinda freaks me out 
lost another live spider   annoyed 
guys always become less attractive when they assume i know nothing about sports  kinda sad 
sometimes i feel a lot shorter than i really am 
my phone is laaaaame 
i hope today goes fast so i can climb back into bed 
really? first my phone and now my computer? really?? i hate electronics 
<propfemale> to get my phone fixed[i hope] and chipotle!
my legs itch soooo bad 
i don't think i've ever seen the pineapple on psych   
why did it get sooo cold sooo fast? i'm freezing 
road trip to mexico     new york for the day!  smile 
fuuuun day  but hella tired 
fantasy draft 
finally football! wooo!
"kanye would sing about toasting himself - “let's have a toast for the douchebags  let's have a toast for the assholes \"",2010-09-13 06 surprise 2 surprise 1""",95707f81ec2405662f209ca8bb203986,i really hate when i can't tell if it's allergies or a cold making me miserable  ughh 
ahhh i can't believe it's officially fall!
food keeps me alive     beer keeps me sane 
mnf! go packers!!!!
i blame the penalties  ridiculous  get it together guys 
ughh  5 in the morning and i can't sleep at all  something is wroooong with me 
bonus of being up right now   saved by the <propfemale>!
listening to watching the giants game &&& baking cookies 
you make less than no sense 
i can't wait to be back in california     55 degrees here today and 90 in roseville! so not fair 
"    which translates to \shpaghetti the way a hoe would make it\"" bitchin' kitchen&hearts; """
today kinda sucked  sleeping until tuesday?
kinda feel like i need to snap outta it  blahh 
i hate waking up hungry 
i gotta admit that game made me hella nervous    but we finally beat the vikings!!!!
i keep remembering things from last night     
giants!!!!
i finally won a fantasy game! 2-6 now  smile  sorry <propfirst>  haha 
i definitely think i'm getting sick 
cowboys should've just gone home during half time   smile 
"cleaning, laundry, cleaning out my car and baking cookies  sounds fun "
tilt + <propfirst>'s= hella fun night   smile 
sooo is it a coincidence that after the cowboys get rid of phillips and loose romo they win a game? hmm 
"love when i go in the liquor store and the owner says \oh hey i haven't seen you in a while what's been up?\"" hahahaha """
and that's twice     suckas   smile 
howwww is it already friday???
i wonder how much it would cost to hire a chauffeur for the rest of winter?
i think it's time i invest in a shovel     just cleared snow away from and off of my car my with a dustpan  at least i'm resourceful right?
i &hearts; wegman's subs 
woke up thinking today was sunday 
juuuust leaving work  wooo!
"hahahaha \(336): they're watching tv in bed  the <propfemale> girls to be exact  aaaand i just heard them singing along with the theme song  i love living with gays "
i don't have enough <propfemale> for the level of stupidity i have to deal with sometimes 
ho ho-rendous 
annual christmas <propfemale> getting drunkness 
i actually get to watch a packers game! hella excited 
suck it giants  bears are next!
"tell the devil i said, hey, when you get back to where you're from "
playoffs!!!!! yay!!!!!
"\most dangerous team in the playoffs \"" yeah that would be the packers!"""
wooooo!!!!!!!!!! that's how we do!
"my horoscope today told me \to think more and say less right now\""  ha  apparently it doesn't know me very well """
apparently they only play country music at newark bowl  haha 
hell yeahhhhh!!!! greeeeen bayyyyyy!!!! one more game bithes!
mmm chicken tortilla soup&hearts; 
super bowl!!!!!!! woooo! !
<propfemale> mcdonald bugs me 
it's weird being outta work this early on a saturday   haha  definitely not complaining though 
not really sure how i feel about the pro bowl    kinda weird watching rivals getting along 
more people need to come in and buy packers stuff! there's too many steelers fans 
i wonder how illegal it is to flash your brights and honk your horn at the person in front of you going 15 under the freaking speed limit?
packers wooooonnnnnn!!!!!!!
mcdonald's just told me i'm fancy     smile 
isn't a sex doll just a doll until you do something weird to it?
i am so over winter 
ughh 
"if you have a best friend who has made you laugh   stuck up for you   drove you crazy   watched you succeed   saw you fall   picked you back up   cheered you on   had your back   ready to fight the person who pissed you off or made you mad   and all these things made your friendship stronger, and you don't know what you'll do without their friendship   paste this to your status and see if they know who they are!!"
how sad      i just had a dream about in n out  and i woke up before i was able to eat it 
not feeling well  my whole body feels sick  medicine and bed? yes please 
if i was a country my flag would be a big fist giving the rest of the world the finger 
i hate not being able to taste my food 
the wind feels like an earthquake 
"can you imagine no love, pride, deep-fried chicken your best friend always sticking up for you even when i know you're wrong?"
i kinda really want a shamrock shake right now 
last day at eastview   annoyed 
i feel so productive today   laugh 
out of work and the sun is still out      i could get used to this  haha 
"i can't believe its been 5 years since i said peace out to california  and even though i miss almost everything out there especially my sisters i would probably do it all again  i have a job that i love, met some pretty awesome people including the bestest friend ever and grew up (a little  smile ) "
"hey, i'm a wildflower, growin' in the sunshine, soakin'\up the way of life i was raised in,\runnin' barefoot bloomin' in a summer shower, ponytail\dancin' i can't help it  i'm a wildflower "
fast times at ridgemont high&hearts; 
i feel like if your day starts off bad it should end at least a little good right? but maybe not 
crazy is sometimes the basis for genius 
"customer just told me this joke     favre set a new record last year, he was the first quarterback to record his own sack  hahahaha "
negative of living alone     closing the bottle too tight and not being able to open it 
i like how they wait til it's practically dark outside to do a power out so they can repair something  way to use your brain outlet mall 
"we live like there ain't no tomorrow no regrets, no time for the sorrow keep movin one foot in front of the other we all looking for something hey, hey, hey"
ughh  bed early i think 
damn thoughts and naps    wide awake 
i think it might just be slightly nice enough for a jog 
i've gotten the same story on my cup the last three times at chipotle  very upsetting 
it's so nice out 
dumb people make me laugh 
lemon cake batter makes me want fruit loops 
i think i might go home and take a nap til tomorrow morning 
pork chops and pasta salad  i miss cooking   annoyed 
i think too much when i should be sleeping  good thing i can sleep all day tomorrow   well today  if i want 
i hate snow  i hate my car  and i hate the person that doesn't plow my damn driveway!
"ain't no mountain high enough \ain't no valley low enough \ain't no river wide enough\to keep me from getting to you babe&hearts; \makes me cry everytime "
does anyone know when the caboose in lyons opens?
"the rule is don't you ever even talk about forever  but, you never say never in life "
oh how i love being hit on by weird old guys this early in the day  such a confidence booster  haha 
"for such a big place its a small world\for such a rat race i still got faith \and anything goes still i got to say life has its up downs but i love it anyway"
kinda wanting a corn dog right now  half frozen with syrup of course 
