6bf445f7d1a21419399b41c694a8ab73
seven days       smile 
omg 4 days ppl!!!!!!!!!!!! this is excitinggggg
"is sooooooooooooo excited for sundayy, i couldnt even sleep last nite  love "
chocolate rama is the best thing that ever happened to the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had the best night of my life  thank you so much to all the people who came to my sweet 16 and made it so amazing  i will never forget what a great time i had with all of you  i love u guys!!!!!
thanks so much everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!! i had an amazing dayyyy and im really happy  laugh 
for the first time in years i actually didn't have homework left for the last day of break  go me!!!  laugh 
omg i love today's google homepage  love 333333333333333333333333
"had fun today playing at the <propmale> with <propmale> d'souza, <propmale> c  salamat, kunzah funzah, and <propfemale> duskin  laugh "
got a new and not broken phone  laugh 
got a russian facebook  playful  add me if you have one
"happy birthday dr  aronson  thank you for being an amazing teacher, mentor, and person "
"yeah <propfemale>!!! nice game today  laugh   laugh   laugh \good luck usa!"
10 days until im 17 and sai starts ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
great job <propfemale>!!! lets get it  laugh 
"6 days, 10 hours, and 30 mins  laugh "
saw eclipse with <propfemale> rubel and had an awesome night  love 
i need a life 
happy 4th of july everyone!!! 2 more days  smile 
"all 1061 pictures from russia are up!!! sorry for being so lazy, but it took forever to upload them    if you find the <propfemale> to look at all of them you will be very amused  smile "
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone  smile 
"congrats to spain!!! i wish the cup wasnt over though, i had fun watching the games"
"totally exhausted lately, but it's so worth it  smile "
everyone involved in the mexican dance party on tuesday bring $5 tomorrow!!!  laugh 
"everyone involved in the mexican dance party on tuesday bring $5 tomorrow!!!  laugh \ christian skippy malloy <propfemale> mcfee <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfemale> rubel <propfemale> asperti <propfirst> walsh"
are you ready?!?!?!?!
feels like sunday      bleh
made a kick-ass pan flute today!!!!  laugh 
la fiesta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
any old sai ppl who want to come see the sai concert on july 29th at 10 surprise 0 am let me know tonight so i can ask for extra tickets!!!
so apparently my birthday is also national fried chicken day      i hate fried chicken 
omg memphis was completely absolutely amazing!!!! one of the best musicals i have ever seen!!!  laugh 
shout out to my bffl <propfemale> murnieks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love ya  smile 
my throat hurts really bad and it sucks  life lesson learned: never eat pastina again   
"i miss everyone from sai already  i'm so upset that it ended with me not being able to see you guys, but i love you all!!! i'm gonna miss every single one of my fellow band geeks, and i have to make sure we keep in touch! you guys made this an amazing summer for me  we must have a reunion for sai!!! luv you all and i'm gonna miss you!!!!!!!"
"back in florida from my cruise!!! i had the most amazing time everrr!!!!! got to see actual blue water, went snorkeling, went swimming with dolphins, climbed a huge rock wall, danced with more guys than i could count, and ate more food than i normally eat in a month!!!! vacation = success  laugh "
is finally home!!!  laugh 
who's going on the senior trip?
this is a good day to curl up on the couch in sweats and fall asleep for a few more hours 
doesn't like needles      not at all  sad 
i know this is late to ask but do we have any summer work for ap russian or ab calc?? lmao
5 colleges + niagra falls in 3 days    starting tomorrow!!! good luck to me lol
had a great time visiting colleges and niagra falls! school in a few days   
hangin out w  fluffy  love 
school tomorrow    i miss summer already  love  can't wait until the next one!!!
period 2 gym anyone??? please answer its important!!!
senior soph sing band!!!! sign ups are tomorrow after period 9 in the auditorium  no audition necessary  anybody who plays any instrument whatsoever is encouraged to sign up  emails will follow with plenty of information  smile 
what a crazy week     cant wait for friday and the weekend!!!!!
does anyone have a copy of like water for chocolate that i could borrow for a week or 2 for college creative writing???
anybody want to help me with college creative writing?? starting the summer work now because i was never supposed to be in the class    ideas for kiterunner film vs  movie??
i love that feeling when you shut the lights and lay down after a very long and frustrating day  such a relief  smile 
"thanks mrs  murphy for posting for everyone to see that i apparently havent done my summer reading  maybe you should actually listen to me next time i try to e playful lain that i was never supposed to be in this class in the first place, so instead of having 2 months to finish everything like everyone else, i only have a little while, along with all my other hwkkkk  ughh"
"<propfemale> much to do and so little time to do it  annoyed \at least tomorrow is friday  laugh "
i sooooo wish i would be automatically accepted into my first choice college with a full scholarshipppp     lol i'm wishing and hopinggg
i finished journal entry 1 of 12      this is gonna take a while
"if you see this and you have ms  k for a b, please help me with the calc hwk!!! its urgent and i have no idea what to do  thanks  laugh "
"last time i checked, 50 multiple choice questions isn't a \quiz\"" that a teacher can tell us about the day before     """
its been a very long week    hooray for the weekend  laugh 
freezing colddd  i miss summer already
"dear photographic memory, i wish you would please extend a helping hand to my pitiful success at memorizing 60 vocab words for my test tomorrow  i would appreciate the assistance    "
??? ?????? ?? ????????? ? ?????? ?? ?????? 
no idea what to write for my yearbook blurb and i have to finish it tomorrow     
"great job band kids!!! you guys did an awesome job tonight  i had so much fun, and i love all of you  love "
"if anyone is interested in joining the new york all-city high school marching band, please send me an email, a facebook message, a text, or anything!!! information will be available in mr  rams's room (c-39) this week "
no more sats for me!!! now i actually get to look forward to my saturdays  laugh 
went for a run today for the first time in forever  laugh 
"i absolutely love every single person in the ssv sing band  love 333 you guys are some of the most awesome people i have ever met, and i could have never had this e playful erience without each and every single one of you  you all did an incredible job every single night, and i am proud of all of you   laugh "
5 apps down!!! only 7 more to go  smile 
happy hanukkah to all my friends and family  i love you guys  love 
"please donate a few bucks to help a poor shih tzu named <propfemale> who needed spinal surgery in order to avoid being paralyzed for the rest of her life  <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfirst> took in <propfemale> when she was about to be euthanized because of her paralysis  now, after    surgery she is recovering, but her <propmale> parents need a little help paying for the surgery  a small contribution can go a long way!!!"
???? ????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
band concert tonight  laugh 
??????? ?????????    !!!
i got into penn state!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 for 1  laugh 
"got a virtual holiday card from wagner that had a virus on it    happy holidays to you, too, wagner             "
freedommmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"happy hanukkah, <propfemale> christmas, and happy new year  half-breeds ftw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
did anybody else apply to the university of rochester??
got stuck in an elevator in school today  sad  lol
"ahh!!! my crazy life is turning me into an organized person    with agendas and (dare i say it) calendars!!!!! oh, the horrorrrrr"
writing review sheets for every test really does pay off during finals week  smile 
"\music is what feelings sound like \""  love """
hungerford day just completed my life! it was such a nice feeling to be able to make so many other children smile  laugh 
"woke up, shoveled for a few hours, then spent most of the day sledding and rolling around the snow  i feel like a 5 year old again and i love it!!!"
need to get out of the house  anyone available before school starts?? let's make plans!
"just finished watching fiddler on the roof  love \i rarely sit down during the school year to watch a movie other than <propmale> potter, and i watched 2 movies in the past 2 days! this is what regents week does to you lol"
new shoes  laugh 
free 9th!!! woot  laugh 
"let me know if we have a class together!!!\1: physics w  ferrigno\2: english w  murphy\3: ab calc w  polizzi\4: lunch\5: ap russian w  ush\6: law w  kirschbaum\7: band  love \8: gym\9: freeeeeeeeeedoommmmmmmm"
"i hate this skedula website  why would our school switch to a website with a stupid layout that makes no sense? i all of my assignments say they're handed in and graded, even when they were assigned today  listing assignments by date is confusing me like crazy  ughhhh"
"so according to skedula i've been present to band 4 times, present to math 5 times, and present to gym only once even though there's been only 3 days of school and i haven't missed a class  what is this??"
"busy week, it's only tuesday!!! lol"
56% error for my math hwk problem  i obviously know how to do math without ms  k      
i just destroyed my brother's high score on fruit ninja  laugh 
i got into stonybrook  laugh  2 for 2!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love conducting  love 
i got into binghamton!!!!!!! 3 for 3  laugh 
"had an awesome day!!! i got into binghamton  laugh  conducted the band at the freshman orientation, great job wind ensemble  love  <propmale> out with 5th graders from p s 42 and taught them about how to play their instruments!!!"
