2069c0f169af2eb5ca4fc9fd3c869b0a
"mele kalikimaka is not the thing to say on a smoky, hawaiian new years day!  you can't even breathe in the very thick smoke, while you're trying to light those fireworks to play!"
"well, it's officially the new year! bring it on baby!"
best day ever! woke up earlier to find i had a hangover! stayed up for a few hours and went through the cycle of drinking the shitload of water and pissing it out! went back to sleep at 10 surprise 0! now i'm up and about! woo! what shall i do? can i still go to a <propfemale>?
"it's the first day of a new year, woke up with a mind that wasn't near clear; had to go and clear my head, with some water and more time in the bed; not much had happened today, but all i gotta say is today was a good day "
today!
"ah! i'll go swimming tomorrow   if you need me, you can find me sleeping at kapiolani park "
yeah!!! finally got myself a facebook   same shit   but new site  hahahahaha  yayuh!!! i'll get bored on this one too!!!!
two friends!!!! alright!!! way to go <propfirst> and <propmale>!!! woohoo!!! so exciting!!!
11 friends!!! woo!!!! woo!!!! everyone get on the friend train!!! woo!!! woo!!! hahahaha!!!! facebook is getting a bit more exciting 
"ahwww shnap!!! thirty friends!!! it's like i'm winning an award!!! uh,*tear*, i'd like to thank my family, ummm god, jesus, holy <propfirst>, ummm, my friends that added me!!! thank you!!! thank you!!! thank you!!! *hic**hic* hahahahahaha!!!!"
"oh fucken shit!!!! economics!!!! economics!!!! it can be described as a hallucinatory drug!!!!     it fucks you up!!!! it fucks you up, man!!!!"
wow   everything is happening so fast; i feel like i can't keep up   i  need to get started on studying for history and economics then preparing a two speeches for the next two weeks   it's like school just doesn't want to stop coming at me    bring it!!!!
let's see   what do i see   everything 
buzu buzu!!!!
lickin' all that's lickable  yay-yuh!!!!
"man, what happened? i'm all funned out   it's boring   i need to re-up the fun   "
"hello, hello  i've made it to 43 friends   wooohoooo!!!!"
"i feel like i'm sleeping, but my eyes are open "
it's so freakin' humid!!! ah!!! i'm going to lose all my fat at this rate!!! hehehehe 
wandering around again   who knew driving makes it worse 
double gulp of fruit-punch + the computer + math homework + study session of history= nothing much really    why am i sooooo lazy?!!!
you know  it's   i dunno   what?
do i need a reason to keep on living the way i do? do i need a reason to keep my train of thought? no reason at all   yeah  it's all worth it 
i'm sleepy!!!! sleep!!!
"list: hungry, drained, thirsty, lost, found, calm, wired, whoa too much, hehehe "
shit   my heart is racing like crazy   i don't know the reason exactly   it's like my blood is boiling for no reason    ah!!!
noooo!!! i lost my phone!!! yooo!!!  it's so hot!!! gooo!!!! eat your face!!!!
now on to more important matters   speech outline!!! due!!! tomorrow!!! not even sure on topic!!! do it!!!! why?!!!! because!!!! no!!!!
fack!!! i'm so booored!!! who wants to go fishing tomorrow? wait   do i have to do something?   oh well!!!
argh!!!! i need to find some work!!! it sucks to just go to school   some one give me a job!!!
who-ah has-ah my-ah camoorah-ah?
i need a wave! i need to catch a fish! when do these needs end!
"i'll see you when you get there, if you ever get there, see you when you get there"
i need to drive around 
soooooosohkysohkysohkysohky!!! bushya!!!!
"shit, my head hurts like argh!!! but i got paid son! 250 for an 8 hour day for one day! how's that formoney, money, money, money    money! now time to save!"
my head is poundin!!!
captain keg-belly at your service  smile 
"you can see me back on top you can see me when they stop you can feel it when we rock, we got shit locked we do not get cold we feel hot whether or not we up on top, we still rock"
how can i move on if i can't even feel anything?
"one track, two choices, and three minds to work with "
"ah, fack it already  i'm out  ('-^)b"
i think it's about time i grow up 
"today will never come again, so let's make sure we live it without any regrets "
happy thanksgiving everyone! let's all enjoy this day and gain ten pounds while we're at it! wooo!!!! ten pounds!!
good food + good laughs + good people = good times b(^-^)d
i live to love   i live for laughs   i live my life 
"lucky me, lucky me   i got a christmas tree!!!"
"fackin-a   something was wrong with me last night   i felt like my whole body was about to shut down on me   cold sweat, heart racing, muscle spasms, dizzy  what the hell   "
alright!!!! ten pages!!!! ten pages!!!! i will finish five today!!!!
alright! 9 more pages!!! come on!!!! do this!!!
yeehee!!! surf's up! but i'm not there! aw shnap!
hahahahahahahahahaha!!! i'm done!!! 10 pages due but did 16! but i forgot my bibliography! hahahahahahaha!!!
just had a date with my niece   it was fun   hahaha   she's going to be one of the coolest kids i know   yeah 
i want a job   so i can fulfill my greedy needs  ('-^)b
"i hope that one day i'll be able to look at myself and say, \ya stupid fuck\"" """
"wooo!!! i forgot to post this, but i thought you all should know this    i want to tell the world of this achievement!!! i got an a- on my <propfirst> paper baby!!! yeeee!!!"
living it the way manny would 
living it the way manny would 
shit! can i still sign up for classes?
"fuck, i guess it's back to working that full-time shift again   gotta find a job!"
"fuck, i guess it's back to working that full-time shift again   gotta find a job!<----since when i was a fucken weakling     i'll try on january 4th     take me in!!! i need school!!!"
"hmmm    i wonder what will become of this situation  think, think, think   "
how big can i dream until it begins to break down? do they happen by coincidence? or is hard work the best way to getting yourself out there?
i thought one thing then my mind shifts to another 
"fuck it, keep on gunnin' "
"it's almost christmas day! hey, hey, we can't forget that it is christmas <propfemale>! woo!"
"<propfemale> christmas everybody! started the day with a swim, came home to spend time with the blood-bonds, and now off to spend a time with good people "
"damn, it's been a while since i worked my body so much   i'm tired "
it's nice to take a good shit   hahahahaha!
"boom! cack-a-lack-cack-cack-cak-cak    blrat-cak-cak-cak! boom! pop, pop!    yeeheee "
never did anything for two days! i am going nuts staying in this place! one more day of this illness and it's all done!
"it's almost the new year   one day, two hours, and about a little over a half hour of 2009 left to spend   i'm thinking of what to do on the last day   "
this year is going to be an interesting year; i can feel it 
i need a new picture!
i need to run and e playful and the lungs   e playful ansion!
my body feels run-down   sleep!!!
"listen here, listen here "
i feel like i need to leave   hmmm    
bia bia!  why you actin' like a like a!  bia bia!  why you fussin' like a like a!   bia bia!  why you lookin' like a like a!  bia bia!  why you frontin' like a like a!
breaking that chain one link at a time 
f-----' fish!!!
"i'm thinking that if i had three heads then i can read my text for philosophy, study some tagalog, and satisfy my need for procrastination all at the same time "
i'll take a little nap before i go 
alright   let's do that again   good morning!
heading out   hear from you people later 
fuck this shit already!
"and then, it rains    wow"
goo-bye   goo-bye 
"donmai, donmai "
felt like shit these past few days    now i'm up and runnin' for more   cheehee!!!
"my car    my car!!!! why??? ah!!!!   sorry dudes and dudettes, i'm going to be car-less for a few weeks "
"alright  ready, set     man i'm hungry "
now wouldn't that be nice?
i'm out   maybe i'll catch something 
"i don't know what it is   maybe i'm mad, maybe i'm sad, maybe, i'm happy, maybe i'm scared   i don't know what it is   it's just one of those days "
"i guess so, huh "
that's just the way it is  ah yeah 
hmmm    bam!
"hmm   it's like saying \whatever already\""    you know?"""
you idiot  go strip bar already 
i'll just put life on hold for a little bit   i don't feel like speaking to it yet 
but then again this shit has gone on for way too long already   something must be done 
i'll just see you guys around  peace 
hahahaha  i get it now  finally  i just don't give a shit anymore  yup  d(^-^)b
wow   i don't even feel 21   well in actuality i don't turn 21 until 8 smile 8 a m   hahahaha!
boo   i have class tomorrow  q(-_-)p   boo  i need to study for a quiz   boo 
"geez, it's cold   it's time to make myself a blanket-cocoon "
"i'm just thinking    world, why'd it turn so cold all of a sudden?"
"i'm off to catch myself some aquatic species with a spinning device, a stick with rings, a good length of plastic string, and a sharp, bent piece of metal   hahahaha "
hahahaha  today is such a nice day; it was pretty eventful too   hahahaha   i wonder where i can buy a splint?
"the ankle has gotten better, but my foot is still swollen   i never thought i'd see myself with bloated toes   looks like their stuck together  yeah! d('-')b"
i need to head out to the water   the southside waves are calling me 
"things are definitely going to get interesting  yup   well, it could turn out good or bad, but i just hope i get more interesting things afterwards "
"hmmm    no matter the situation, life does go on  hahaha  now that forces me to  appreciate every moment not like it's my last but in a way that i'll never appreciate it like before "
"wooo!!! that damn sink isn't leaking anymore  woo! it took almost four hours to fix it, but damn, i feel like i just became more of a handyman "
hoo i'm going to head out soon  don't know what to do though 
gondangit! you know what i just found out?! i can't fucken run yet!!!
"okay  i think a bone in my ankle may be a little out of place; i can feel the jam if i try to run   man, this sucks donkey toes "
tao do nothing but there is nothing that tao does not do        heh??? hahahaha!!!
hoy! i'm out 
dang 
is this the hill i want to die on? hmm   nope  it's not good enough for me to die on  i'll scope out the next one  hahahaha 
"yo! party for <propfirst> quebatay! next week thursday! ala moana magic island! all day! then karaoke!<---well that's if you like sing too   anyways, bring your own chairs!!! come on over and greet the guy! message me if you coming so we can ballpark the goods! alright! wooo!!! and by the way    byob!!!!"
"yo! party for <propfirst> quebatay! next week thursday! ala moana magic island! all day! then karaoke!<---well that's if you like sing too   anyways, bring your own chairs!!! come on over and greet the guy! message me if you coming so we can ballpark the goods! alright! wooo!!! and by the way    byob!!!!"
"yo! party for <propfirst> quebatay! this thursday! ala moana magic island! all day! no karaoke though  anyways, bring your own chairs!!! come on over and greet the guy! message me if you coming so we can ballpark the goods! alright! wooo!!! and by the way    byob!!!!"
work tonight  off tomorrow  gonna go to the con later  woo!
"alright! sleeping was fun! kawaii-kon was fun! all-night halo was fun! eating was fun! sleeping again was fun! now the graveyard shift is going to be fun! fun times  oh, the fun times we could live in! gahahahaha "
it's crunch-time baby!
"you know what, while i was eating earlier i was actually falling asleep  never thought i'd ever do that in my life  chewing food, eyes feeling heavy, knock out for a few seconds, then realize that i need to eat and wake up to restart the process     gahahahahaha!!!"
i have two more shifts until my two-day off  two!!!! wooo!!! all eary morning baby!!!
choooouuuuwaaahhh!!!
i'm off today and tomorrow! woo! woo! it's the woowoo-train! woo! woo! gahahaha!
"alright   maybe i'll go to the beach today   geez, i never even went in to the water the last two times i went   that's just awful "
"just had a crazy good sleep  i thought i'd never feel like this in forever again  i feel like a one and nine hundred ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred ninety-nine bucks  woo! i'm ready for anything mothuhsuckas!!"
c l e a n i n g   m o d e   o n ! ! ! 
"fuck! i need to stop whining already  get back into work mode again  i need to be happy about my graveyard shift! i finally have a job! money, money, money, money! money!!!"
check out the surfnewsnetwork    southside baby!!! woo!!!
"gone dang, i never thought i'd get used to standing up for eight hours again this quickly  it feels good; now my feet feel numb  hahahahaha "
boom shakalaka  it's happiness looked at from the side  woo!
whoa! it's like my mind is open  it's not everywhere; it's just open   it's like it's open and  just sitting there   waiting   for what? i don't know    i don't get it either 
damn  i feel like i'm a buzzin'  i'm so freakin' wired; it's funny  hahahahaha 
okay  i'm slowing down now  good morning people 
oh shit! i fell asleep for about two hours and now my mind thinks it's up for anything but the body isn't agreeing  i can't go back to sleep  i need to drain this mind-blowing energy!
i'm thinking that i want to go fishing 
one more shift! then it's time to hit the waikiki waves! cheehee!!!!
wuzzzayoubeeplejooingzzzjujayzzz?
feels good to wake up knowing that i have yet to live another day on a day off  alright!
i'm waiting for my good news 
boom!!! p-p-p-p-p-p-p-paid e playful losion!!!
"i'm wondering why my manager gave me the day off, but told me not to make any plans because he plans to call me to work   i'm sititng here thinking, \you're just making me waste my time waiting for that call mofo!\"""""
"the dude is fucken being a douche bag right now! fucken guy, i need to know if i work or not! quit wasting my fucken time!"
three more nights to go! woo! i'm tired! so freakin' tired! woo! i want to go play around! maybe later! woo!
alright  <propmale> 100 quiz tomorrow  last one too  then finals next week  aren't we all lucky to have finals   ?   hahaha no  we dislike finals  yes? me likey no likey finals 
"ah! &!@$(%&!#@(!$!!! i can't get the math 103 course i need! it keeps telling me that i have a pre-requisite error! do i have to start from math 20, or could i take that placement test again???"
"argh! damn the f---in razor burn! kids, when you do shave, never do it in a hurry! it burns so bad  so so bad "
almost fell asleep during my lunch break  gahahahaha   i need to roar them z's out me 
almost fell asleep during my long break  gahahahaha   i need to roar them z's out me 
"all right!! come on!! bring it muhfuhuh!!! but first, let me visit the dream world   "
"i'll see that counselor tomorrow right after work  but damn, i missed that class i wanted to go to for some review  other than that, what's a happenin tomorrow???"
"i'll live for tomorrow, and i'll live for today  i'll live with the consequences; that's why i'm here to stay  i won't bother you about how you live the life you're in; i'll die when i die, so let me live my life until then "
"smashed my big toe earlier this morning with a pallet <propfirst> loaded with a pallet of bottled water  thought the flesh was torn off but it was just the skin  hahahaha what a great turn of events  it hurts, but i'm good d('-')b"
"finally, finals week has come to show its ugly face "
i want to have a sparring match   anyone???
"okay, i may have to go to a doctor tomorrow to check my toe  i don't think it's healing properly    awww shit    i hope i don't have any problems "
"wow  for a pill that doesn't have drowsiness as a side-effect, i'm as sure as shit that it is making me drowsy "
"for some damn reason, this wound is taking so much energy out of me  i feel like i'm getting weaker   rawr!!! not yet!!! not now!!!"
"i've been thinking a lot lately, and i think it's time for me to re-think things over once again "
<propfemale> apple juice!
there is a fine line between thinking something is right and knowing something is right  i kick myself in the ass for not seeing this until today 
"if\you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change   if you're in a\good situation, don't worry it'll change <---john a  <propfemale> sr "
the end of today will <propfirst> the end of the person i have become  the start of tomorrow will <propfirst> the beginning of the person i will become  that's how it is; it's plain and simple 
society's reality needs to shove it up the ass  my own reality needs a kick to the ass  do i need that pain?   who doesn't?
"i realized yesterday while looking at the ceiling that i've forgotten something  i've been trying all night to get a feel for it, and it hasn't popped up yet "
"if so, i also must take a dive like him  leave everything behind if i have to  everything  then i can say that too  fuck it all, yes?"
"that is why i say i've been living this life that i have trouble accepting myself though i\regret no second of living this life; the only things i do\regret are all the people i threw aside to keep on living this life, i say, that has been unsatisfactory "
"my true, learning, immovable self has been waiting to break free from these chains  after all these years of not being freed, he still struggles  that is why i know i've been missing something  this feeling of emptiness all the damn time  it ends now "
"life is fairly simple, but keep in mind that the simple things are actually the hardest things to maintain daily "
went fishing with a couple of the boys from work  feels refreshing  need to chill with these guys a lot more 
hiking tomorrow anyone? thinking makapu'u lighthouse or <propfemale> head  don't know yet 
"tonight, i'm giving in my two-weeks notice to <propmale> quijote, so i can go and play with bread at hfa  hahahahaha "
i'm on going-to-sleep status then it's sleep status! woo! later on going on a little hiking adventure  woo!
i never really know what to write in this thing 
orientation today  \\('o')  keeping it rolling  woo!
"time to sleep  heading out to marisco later with a couple of the boys from work  hope i catch something   nah i don't really care actually i just want to chill outdoors with a nice, cool beer and get all chatty  yeah "
"hahahahaha  what fun  supposed to have gone overnight fishing, but i end up getting drunk and sleeping halfway through  okay, next time i'll hold off on the beer a little  gone dang hangover after sleeping on the rocks    hooo "
six more days then it's back to the old sleepin' habits  sun up=up and about  sun down=partially awake snoring my ass off  repeat  d('-')b
good night facebook   cuz it would just sound off if i say good afternoon before i sleep 
five more days  then i can start working all day 
"chug it down cuz the stress is crappy then once it's gone, great fucken balls of fire, you'll sure be damn happy "
change it up then go all out
fourth of july fireworks display at ala moana beach park was bomb! there's a certain one that flitters down while it branches out that was the most exciting to see  it's like a veil that drops and shapes into a tree  very beautiful  two-thumbs up d('-')b
"i've never felt so relaxed in a while; the rain keeps me in a calm state  it's like for every drop that breaks and echos through my ears, the negative thoughts and feelings about anything and everything breaks with them  maybe that's why i've been longing for the rain all this time "
next week thursday! who's up for a potluck?
"i got a cola-strawberry icee mix at the aloha gas station, and i e playful ected it to taste like a cola strawberry icee    that sucker tasted like a strawberry pastry!!! maybe it was the fumes in there   i don't know   "
i'm hungry for a plate lunch 
anyone want to chill? get at me through my phone 
digging to go fishing with my friend  keehi boat ramp bound  get at me through the little machine you put to your ear if you like come try snag fishy mouths with sharp bent pieces of metal  alright! d('o')b
"bam! done work! haw, i miss having adventures on fridays, but i work 8 in the morning tomorrow   oh well   i'm gettin money, i'm i'm gettin' money "
i'm thinking chinese takeout for dinner 
it's about time to lie down and look up 
work in progress   
"damn  just clocked out and ended my shift about a half hour ago  never wanted to be there for three extra hours, but my paycheck is going to look pretty damn good next week  i got to say though that my kimchee chicken fried rice and a raspberry mist is bomb after a hard days work  good job people! good job!"
"hell of a night! haha! in other news, last day of my work weekend and once again off tomorrow  too bad my battery died while installing a deck in my car so it's out of service for now which means no fishing tonight    damn! get at me through my phone if anythings up  halrite!"
it was fun  i'm out 
today went  by beautifully  smile 
"it's peaking on the south side  can, no can?"
"chilled with some of the guys after work  i gotta call it a night though; there's an early alarm waiting to bust my ears at five in the morning  sorry dudes, i just lost track of time  next time, next time we go chill  i'm out "
"last night of the summer, got sent home earlier than e playful ected from work due to sickness  i was supposed to party it out for my friends 21st today, but it ain't happening  wtf!!! f##### u virus! f#####u!"
first day was alright i guess  i already know the one problem with my classes: the state of boredom that overcomes everything else  awww!
you know what? i just found out my safety e playful ired yesterday   guess who's waking up early to get it 
"i'm just so damn exhausted! ziegler, i better get a good grade on that midterm!"
"it's like i said money talks, but when the fuck does it start to make sense "
pert plus makes my scalp feel minty   it's a weird ass feeling    minty   
hoooo!!!! finally!!!! i'm free!!!! i'm free!!! until next month    damn    but for now i'm free!!! i'm out!!!!
i can't think of much to say   all the good times we all had with you   just wish could have had more    r i p  uncle boy   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
i'm getting sick and tired of being sick and tired    if i get sick off of being sick does that make me double-sick?   double-sick?   two-sick? too sick? i'm too sick! so that means i'm too tired! i made a corny-shit joke!!! hahahahaha!!!
it gets me every single time the thought pops in my head  it is inevitable  it is real  i just can't believe that we are nothing more than human  that feeling of being so high with bliss then dropping straight down to rock bottom in to the reality of it all  ha! i guess it is what it is  it is going to happen  i just know that i shouldn't get too deep in to that end of the pool 
resolution: [ ] enjoy
[x]
gotta go
thank you all for the b-day wishes! made my day that much better! thanks again!
