5a71ec8a6687fd23f280b1c3cfec8579
maybe 2010 will be better? hahahahah
smile!
putting my life back together one day at a time 
me and brion are having a wine night!  surprise )
i have off work until monday!
halloween is almost here!
"scheduling job interviews all day, need ajob? call me 570-522-3652!!!!!!!!"
want to make some extra cash? call me now! 1-570-522-3652
it's a great day at vector!
at work   working 
happy 22nd birthday to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
work 9-5
leaving for arkansas in the morning!
in arkansas at grandma's!
on the road again! driving 18 hours and over 1000 <propmale> to get back home!
im not driving anywhere until i have to go back to work on monday   come see me at my apartment if you wanna <propfemale> out haha 
drinking wine sit on it bitch
anything ill you see is whoa*
scheduling appointments for the weekend! $40 full body massage anyone!!!???
why do i even bother!?
my immune system hates me 
its reasonably nice outside today  surprise )
but you still have all of me   
so close but still so far   
i feel like creating something today   hmm?
sundays are lazy days
thirsty thursday!
well this is boring 
my cover letter is better than your cover letter! haha!
"theres a place i know if your looking for a show, where they go hardcore and theres litter on the floor   "
getting ready for my roadtrip to florida!!!!!
"not a whole lot on my plate, it should be easy to get through the day ?"
no need to rush
first ive been on in a while   
miss all my friends? just want you all to know i think about you all daily!
finally got my car fixed now maybe i can go to the beach!
coming home to pennsylvania for a week?
home for a week   as in right now lol
i <propfemale> <propfemale>
ill see you in your nightmares   
looking for those better days
no comment 
moving slower than normal 
im aloud to be lazy!? i like     smile 
becoming numb   
reinventing my exit 
im a retard 
? good to know i still got it  wink  ?
ive got a date with the captain tonight  smile 
"its not that i care what everyone thinks about me, i just dont wanna hear it "
like whoa*
the less i know the better off i will be  the less you know and i'll be doing great!!!!
"a beautiful girl can make u dizzy, like u been drinkin <propfirst> n coke all morning  she can make u feel high, for the single greatest comodity known to man - promise  promise of a better day, promise of a greater hope, promise of a new tomorrow  this particular <propfemale>, can be found in the gait of a beautiful girl, in her smile, in her soul, n the way she makes every rotten little thing about life seem like its gonna be ok"
?
my second day and i already want a new job 
"i want to be remembered as the girl who always smiles even when her heart is broken, and the one that could always brighten up your day even if she couldn't brighten her own "
my friends are my family?
"you keep the sunshine, save me the rain "
"just look in the mirror and tell yourself, i am the prize ? mmm so true ?"
orange ya glad i didnt say banana!
i like when people tell me things i dont hear everyday of my life!
i am so glad i dont live in florida!???
i love love love being single  thank you <propmale> i appreciate you being an asshole now 
"baby i'm just a thug, cold hearted but i feel the love?"
cleaning out my closet 
"i'm just a crosshair, a shot away from you?"
goin dancing tonight?
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met, or those we have held but could not take home  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  break the silence in memory of all        always in my heart my lil one ???? rip"
going to newark nj then brooklyn with <propfemale>!!!
it aint no wonder why i cant get along with girls  they all think alike  psycho
when you hit rock bottom there is only one way to go and thats up
"a decade ago, i never thought i'd be at twenty three on the verge of spontaneous combustion, woe is me "
"if i gave you pretty enough words, could you paint a picture of us that works?"
i'd just like to mention that i hate you for everything i am going through  on the bright side i love me?
you suck at life 
i piss excellence 
"im fine pretending im not, im far from lonely and its all that ive got "
"the gloves are off, it's time to kill "
taking a well deserved nap 
"red red wine, stay close to me ?"
men = shit
shut up and listen 
you build me up buttercup baby just to let me down and mess me around and then worst of all you never come baby when u say u will   
so wear me like a locket around your throat  i'll weigh you down  i'll watch you choke  you look so good in blue  you look so good in blue  ?
have i told you lately that i love you?
im finally finding peace in my life?
i delete all my recent activity because i dont want you to know what i am doing 
"if nothing else, believe in <propmale> "
ive got a dark alley and a bad idea 
"bye bye, beautiful  dont bother to write "
since i replaced the 'i' in 'live' with an 'o' i can't remember who you are
"?\i would drive on to the end with you\a liquor store or two keeps the gas tank full\?"
it is what it is 
to be great is to be misunderstood 
hopped off the bike and smacked the bitch silly because i asked for a dutch and she brought me a philly 
talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand 
"a human being is part of the whole, called universe a part limited in time & space he e playful eriences himself his thoughts & feelings as something separated from the rest a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness"
"if i make the lashes dark and the eyes more bright and the lips more <propfemale>, or ask if all be right from mirror after mirror, no vanity's displayed  i'm looking for the face i had before the world was made "
love is a chemical process which causes delusion 
let me find out   
too busy being fabulous*
"i tell you everything that is really nothing, and nothing of what is everything, do not be fooled by what i am saying   please listen carefully and try to hear what i am not saying "
"i became aware of my <propfemale>, to belong to the critical minority as opposed to the unquestioning majority "
"lesson #1 : know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly \lesson #2 : wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants \lesson #3 : when anger rises, think of the consequences "
www bassdrive com
i love the way you roll excuses off the tip of your tongue as i slowly fall apart 
<propfemale> hacked thiss  smile  love you stephaniieeeeee 
?? out on the town with miss <propfemale> camden !!!!!!!! ??
"\thou <propmale> to me a delicious torment \"""""
"love is a kind of warfare, and no assignment for cowards "
p s  i love you
be easy never sleazy 
every time i think about you i throw up a little in my mouth 
snow 
anatomical position 
reckless 
ugh i need to sleeeeeeeep 
hopped off the bike and smacked the bitch silly because i asked for a dutch and she brought me a philly 
"starting 3rd shift tonight, this should be interesting "
not all who wander are lost 
good times bad times
yay!
i get what i want and i like what i see 
hiho hiho its off to work i go   12-8am damn son lol
takin it down a notch   
trying to accomplish some things before i sleep today  i live at night so its hard to clean your car and change a headlight  damn its cold out there   
speachless 
i can't change the things i have done but i know not to repeat them 
living 
i dont want to be in the middle of this 
hard to notice what is passing by with eyes lowered 
goodness gracious   
"oh you know you got it, if it makes you feel good  ?"
"you do something to me, that i cant e playful lain  so would i be out of line if i said, i miss you   "
serving shots at petes on broadway tonight! i better see ya there!!!!
i ? dubstep
<propfemale> friese does it for me?
so very anxious  two days and counting!!!!!
getting around to go stay with <propfirst> boy for the night ? test tomorrow wish me luck!
taking a much needed day off!
