e1cc633aa9d06c8f740e9a7e2624f8d4
apparently jesus loves us all equally   but some more than others
your cries for pain are irrelevant
get me a coke or ill piss on the carpet
a bow wow aint no chomp chomp
is texas
is craving (512) pecan <propmale>
im going to start brewing beer
super <propfirst> world is at 100% complete! now ive got to go change a radiator and start all over again
stone imperial russian stout is like drinking jesus herself
"if you are a big big tree, we are a small axe"
you are all tools
youall boys be easy on the cocaine now
one day what im doing is going to be legal
people aren't wearing enough hats
practicing my rape escape tactics
i need to find a <propfemale> hat that would fit on a bird
nyquil on the rocks- for when you're feeling sick but sociable
who else hates xmas? maybe im just a bitter buffalo   
took all my piercings out
thank you obama!
hare krsna
aum siva sivanti hari hari ganga!
"look for the bear necessities, the simple bear necessities, forget about your worries and your strife, i mean the bear necessities, of mother natures recipies, that bring the bear necessities to life "
final fantasy 7 downloading now    6 hours of crushing shinra wasted because now i have to start all over   
level grinding
"listen <propmale>, maybe its just me, but serving alcohol to 20 underage kids on superbowl sunday might be a bad idea "
i killed the duck hunt dog
gays should be legalized
"i think the teletubbies tv shows are a social e playful eriement operated by the teletubbie government in order to reinforce social conditioning on a small scale, and eventually, on the entire teletubbie race "
visual basic is much easier to learn than c++ and im in too deep already
<propfirst> done got attacked by a  domestic terrorist!
i got some crack for sale  first one's free
knights of the round
texas cannabis crusade may 1st  protesters will meet smoke at woodridge square park in <propfirst> at 10 surprise 0 am and march on the capitol at noon for protest and live music  all out of town friends are welcome to join us and stay the night 
join the cannabis crusade on may 1st at woodridge square park in <propfirst>  festivities begin at 10 am  we will march on the capitol at high noon  out of town friends are welcome to come stay with us  and <propfirst> you better take the day off! we've got work to do!
happy birfday little olib <propfemale> doobie doo
get off me woman! im trying to play pokey mans!
"barely runnin and rippin, but still i'm flippin on vogues hoes be trippin on <propfirst>, <propfirst> don't be trippin on hoes they be talking bout oh would you look at that nigga with no inspection sticker drankin liquor smokin swisha"
happy holiday!
8g labret plug in the mail   next piercing: septum   or medusa   
clap your hands if you love jesus!!!!!1!!
there is a thin line between gossip and gospel
"only 2 more days until the third annual texas cannabis crusade  we will meet at wooldridge park at 10am  austins finest will escort protesters to the capitol at noon for protest and live music  responsible cannabis reform affects all of us in texas  we all stand to gain a certain degree of independence, once the war on flowers is ended in texas  if you believe in personal freedom, then you are encouraged to attend "
"tommorow is the cannabis crusade  <propmale> and other freedom-seeking individuals will approach the capitol of texas joint in hand to assert our rights and to end the war on personal freedom in tejas  and if you can't come, then pray or burn incense or something "
hop stoopid nikku
does anyone else laugh when they think of nuns falling down stairs?
"kept his right and left hand beefin \one knockin teeth in, the other one chiefin"
jefro is havin a doggie dream  his feet are kickin and his woofer is going woof woof
wishes he were a mer-man
you people need jesus
merciless- flying winged horses like perseus
just drank half an o'doul's  wondering why alcoholics punish themselves like this  it's even worse than budweiser
"won 3rd place at last night's <propfirst> brothers tournament at game over games  got me a cool little trophy and some swag, wondering what game i want to get with my gift card  also, way to go <propfirst>  1st place out of over 60 people  he schooled me in the last round "
you are all gay
alpacas or dromedaries?
friends: write your life story in six words  i'll start
nobody cares about your dumb problems
heading to the draught house for some milk stout after school tonight    who will join me?
anyone out there contemplating denying christ? why or why not?
shiner oktoberfest    eh    it's aiight
"having a quran burning at my place later  if you don't have a quran, feel free to bring a bible, tao te <propfemale>, bhagavad <propfemale>, books by <propmale>, or any oprah magazines you may have lying around"
"thumbs up if you like craft beer  <propfirst> and i are trying to organize a better beer <propfirst> group for tastings, events, etc  keep <propfirst> craft  going to work out a few kinks in the plans in the next few weeks  hit me up for more info "
"hide ya kids, hide ya wife, hide ya husband cuz rapin everybody out here"
do you ever get that not-so-fresh feeling in the morning?
legalize it
a wa do dem a wa do dem dem dem
bear in the big blue house- you are just a puppet  albeit a very elaborate and convincing puppet  your methods of persuasion will not work on me!
i am <propfirst> blow the lover man    you should be paying me!
san <propfirst> and la muerta here i come   i haven't woken up at six am for beer in a while    
having some flying dog raging bitch belgian ipa out of my new darkside snifter   looking longingly at the four bottles of la muerta in the fridge   what beers are you guys drinking?
took out my labret plug last night and forgot about it till this morning  jesus christ putting an 8g piece of glass through a closing hole is painful
im gonna put it in your butt tonight
startin the day off right with a ranger ipa 
well last night was pretty fun  met some new friends and had tons of good beer
woo   dregs of 09 abyss in my coffee 
"i met an angel with a sawed-off shotgun\\wanted by the fbi\\we dropped some acid, killed our parents\\then we hit the road\\like the scream of the butterfly"
who can take a sunrise? sprinkle it with dew? cover it with chocolate and a miracle or two?
convict hill oatmeal stout in my coffee     mmmmmm
"fuck bitches, get money, smoke trees "
"the fact that <propfirst> hitchens has cancer makes me very, very sad "
so jefro jumped on the stove to get some fries while i was gone and he turned the gas burner on   my apartment has been flooded with gas  i could smell it from the parking lot  but at least jefro is still alive   guess i'm smokin in the car tonight
just watch the damn owl movie already  it's pretty great 
mmmm this bag of <propmale> pellet hops smells so good i want to eat one
she is a bubblin'    and she smells like hops!
lookin for a job yet again   any leads?
"brewed until midnight last night   racked the pale ale to secondary and dry hopped it, brewed a double chocolate stout and pitched at midnight  now she's a bubblin away  next week: an english nut brown with pecans"
jester <propmale> rocked your mother's face off yesterday
enjoying a lagunitas hairy eyeball from my new jester <propmale> snifter  flippin' delicious!
damn   one thing i do miss about being a hillbilly- cheese grits in the morning!
"the pale ale is in bottles, the stout is sitting on cherries in the secondary, and the nut brown is bubbling"
somebody bring me a coffee
"frisbeetarianism- the belief that, after death, the soul flies up onto the roof and gets stuck there "
smoked a newport in celebration of black history month
"the nut brown has been racked to secondary on pecan extract  we'll sit on that about a week before we bottle it  the double chocolate <propfemale> stout is still bubbling slowly due to the cherries in it  going to bottle that in two more weeks  the pale ale is delicious, but still needs a little more time in the bottle, and the black molasses stout is bubbling away  giving the greenbelt yeast a try "
"oh where oh where can jah love be now\my dear, it's here in the underground\inside the hearts of your own children"
found a geocache behind the pink gorilla at the bingo hall   
woke up in the middle of the night and my kitchen smells like hops    i wonder why?
mtg draft mufuzzas
i enjoy bubble baths and listening to <propfemale> <propfirst> albums  i also occasionally enjoy juicy sausages and mimosas 
it's finally time for me to speak the truth  i am gay  i dont care what all of you think  its my choice 
"somebody please buy another 3 gallon carboy  i bought the first one at the hb660 rally  with two, we can e playful eriment and essentially double our e playful erimentation learning process "
got some oak chips sitting in <propfirst> <propmale> black for the big brown ale
