f2daf29da4d5986cf415d3b88955064e
excited and ready to see what the year 2010 will bring my way  happy new year and god bless  smile 
school's finally over        for now anyways  on to serving out my community service sentencing and finding a new job  wish me luck!
i wish today hadn't ended  kasaundra is so awesome and ocean shores was absolutely beautiful! i had some fun in the sun today! although getting drenched by ocean waves when you're wearing jeans isn't a good idea  smile 
whatever comes my way i'm facing it head on 
hoping for that interview call  i'm tried of not having money
i was asked what i thought and was honest and open  i just never thought the fact that i'm open-minded would cause me to lose a good friend  i just don't understand why we couldn't agree to disagree  that's not a lot to ask for is it?
still applying for jobs  staying as positive as i can but i really need that money  bills don't stop coming  sad 
interview on thursday! i'm so excited!!
hoping to get hired  i find out on thursday!
i got the job!!!!! i'm so excited!!!!
"a little sore from handling the dogs at the shelter but they're so lovable and sweet  smile  it's totally worth spending time with them! if you're local stop by and see them, you'll fall in love! plus - new guy and new job - i'm at the top right now!  laugh "
excited to start work next week!
he's so amazing it makes me speechless! thank you god  smile 
hoping my cold won't last too long  sad 
"it really does work, crazy!  the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works "
hoping to find work very soon  money can't buy happiness but it sure helps make life easier lol 
who knows what'll happen           
"<propfemale> christmas!!! of course, again, i can't sleep  then again we're postponing christmas a couple days, i'm hoping <propfemale> will understand that  smile "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
got hired on the spot and today was my first day!! got tipped $10 for helping with a party and was told that i have supervisor potential!!
work was crazy busy today! 16 parties with at least 12+ kids plus all the regular walk ins  had to clean up a huge mess in the play structure and then got lost and couldn't find my way out - gotta love huge indoor play equipment and dirty children lol!
"had the most fun last night! friends, family, drinks and \baking\"" cakes lol  it's awesome being 21! thanks for an awesome 21st you guys  laugh """
"thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone, it was a very fun and eventful day  i enjoyed every minute   smile "
happy to be out of the hospital as of yesterday but still feeling sick  sad  my mom's such a great caregiver though  i'm blessed to have her  smile 
new photos are up  check them out  smile 
"rip <propfirst> <propmale> \whatcha talkin bout willis?\"""""
"had so much fun this weekend! <propmale> out with the bf and <propmale> at <propfirst>'s and then swimming at the pool, sunday was lake swimming and then wrestling match with little desi in the front yard with the sprinkler lol  he's a tough kid just like his daddy  smile  i'm sunburned, sore and bruised but it was completely worth it!"
just got back from my 1st whole day trip in forks with <propfemale>  smile  got exciting pics and saw beautiful scenes at the la push beach  it definitely won't be my last trip there  smile 
"life is a highway  if you don't like the way you're headed, take a turn and change the direction  believe in impossibilities and anything can happen, just think outside the box  when life gives you lemons, make grape juice  smile "
wondering        are you missing and thinking of me as much as i miss and think about you?  sad 
"it's about time i move towards the goals i lost a while ago  i took my first steps this week  i only hope i have enough faith in myself to keep going and not screw up, like i have  i want to make mom proud         and know that dad is too  i'll do it mom and daddy, i will "
"aaron: forget add, you have ados - attention deficit oh shiny\me: (didn't hear him) wow <propfemale>'s board is so colorful! when was that done?\aaron: (laughs and shakes head) my point exactly"
yes!!! can't wait to start driving my own car  back on the road tomorrow everyone!!  laugh 
"god loves throwing curve balls and rocks into my path just to see me jump  i think he's amused when i trip and yell at the rocks  happy and satisfied though when i jump and land, love, laugh and keep moving forward  learnin my lesson through it all  thank you big man, especially for your sense of humor  smile "
"people seem to forget that there's always a little truth behind every lie, every just kidding, and every i don't care "
trying to forget what you did is like trying to remember someone you never met - impossible 
"~life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about getting out there and dancing in the rain  so i can either curse because roses have thorns or smile big because thorns have roses~"
you told me what i really want i'll never get because i settle for the easy reach  i became defensive and mad at you               because you're right  sad 
realizing it might be a risk but i'm excited to take it! many will be very surprised but my gut's telling me it's the right path  laugh 
"i want the one who sees my wall, fights and break through, the one who knows that sometimes i smile just to keep the tears from falling "
"oh the weather outside is frightful      but the fire is so delightful     and since we've got no place to go      wait, i have work    crap!"
when you hand out a knife it's because you fully trust the person who holds it  so should you feel upset and pain if they stab your back or completely stupid for thinking you could ever trust them in the first place  sad 
had some interesting parties today as a host but i'd say it was a pretty good day for saturday  smile  better if i wasn't sick though 
only god and a bit of <propfemale> magic can give me what i really want for christmas
so excited!!!!  laugh 
"such a better day than yesterday  army christmas party hosted by yours truly and my awesome p i c <propfirst> harper  love ya chica  laugh  we even got our pics taken with <propfemale>! i never knew he was a military sgt though, how cool! lol "
"what a great christmas party, i love my safari peeps  smile "
"2 weeks! nervous and excited, i hope that's a good thing  smile "
"i miss having the companionship that a dog gives and the entertainment that a cat brings but twitch, <propmale> and mcnutty fill part of it  as long as they get their walnuts they could probably entertain me for hours lol"
"[poke] me if you ever had a crush on me \[like] this status if im a good friend \[message] me if you ever wanted a relationship \[comment] on this if we had any great memories \if you feel brave, copy this and post it on your status"
"god granted my wishes this year, i'm very, very blessed  maybe this is both of them saying hey we know you messed up pretty bad this year but deep down you have a good heart  i wish a <propfemale> christmas to everyone  being surrounded by friends and family truly makes a warm christmas  smile "
less than 48 hours      wow  laugh 
"just got back home, what a long day!"
what you did hurt more mentally than it ever would physically
"scars are permanent, i know you heard me  what hurts is that you didn't listen "
too much      i need a strong shoulder to cry on because i'm so close to breaking
"\i'm fine \"" my biggest lie  until i want to talk accept it as the truth because i'll say it until it is """
i will now forgive but never forget  i will love but trust very few  and only once i've seen your actions will i ever believe your words 
"spent the day in portland to see family, meeting 7 yr old <propmale> for the 1st time and seeing 9 yr old <propfemale> since she was 1  you both reminded and showed me innocence (through tickles), faith in life (through laughs), strength (through wrestling), and <propfemale> (through chess), all things i lost faith in  <propfemale> - your smile made me smile and <propmale> - your hugs could melt a heart of ice  smile  never change lil tigers "
"couldn't ask for better best friends, my trust and faith isn't completely gone  i love you guys  smile "
god works in mysterious ways      
"had dinner with my p i c     and then got lost picking up my bro from ozzy concert      and then drove around tacoma, <propmale>, and federal way trying to find the freeway back home         and then          sweet     dude!!! lol"
