92d7b77f4ab99ef9ea7b5bea5c68e1de
wonders when her life became so complicated  she missed it 
couldn't sleep due to a pump truck behind her apartment last night  she hopes not to fall asleep in her tfa cocktail   
: this is not my year 
is looking forward to a weekend with the family (and friends!)
"is in <propfemale>, colorado with a room full of canadians "
"is enjoying a beautiful morning in <propfemale>, co "
is having a great time at the acs green chem summer school! what cool new friends!
has made it back to atlanta after a long night of dancing with the argentinians and canadians and ohioans 
"is officially a zombie  thank you, grad school "
"is really, really tired  isn't that always the case lately?"
is really in pain but just looking forward to turning in her proposal so she can rest a little 
thinks that sleep is overrated   smile 
 sad 
is not feeling well at all   sad  what is the deal with this week? just got to make it through next monday   
"is still not feeling so hot, but had a decent day in the rain "
is officially updating from the banks of the linmat  and the weather here is beautiful!
is feeling pretty yucky and probably has a sinus infection   sad 
is feeling very drained lately  perhaps she can get her groove back by monday 
is throwing herself into work to keep her mind off of everything else  it's just what she's got to do 
is having a rough week   er   ten months   
"has a really bad headache, but is going to attempt to do laundry this evening (it's a long affair when a washer holds 2 items of clothing)  perhaps handwashing might be more efficient   "
"is going to try to knock out a lot of work today! tired, but i'll sleep when i get back to atl "
"\it might be a quarter life crisis or just the stirring in my soul; either way i wonder sometimes about the outcome   \"""""
is practicing her swiss roesti and geschnetzeltes another night   this week she is attemping dolmades and tzatziki   
"is tired, but hopes to make it through another friday  she will probably sleep most of the weekend "
is currently taking 2-d nmr spectra   from home   in her pajamas   smile 
did not sleep and is very tired today 
"is feeling very, very frustrated and is trying to make it to december "
"is enjoying some blues and jazz on a cold, rainy zurich night "
"\i live here on my knees as i try to make you see that you’re everything i think i need here on the ground   \"""""
is sad about uga but is excited to be coming home to <propmale> soon 
last official day at eth  glad to be heading home soon 
luzern and then home 
is leaving on a jet plane tomorrow headed for the states!
is really happy to be back to her <propmale> folks! what good friends!
"you say: \i can't figure things out \""  god says: i will direct your steps  (proverbs 3:5-6)"""
"rewriting memories, the dogs run down the beach, and all i'm left with is sand in my shoes   "
has only one christmas wish and not for something to go under a tree 
can't sleep  going on day three 
should be reading more papers instead of actually watching ghost hunters in the background   i'm still curious about the <propfemale> state hospital on briarcliff   we should send taps there 
thank goodness 2010 is over  here's to a more exciting and happy 2011!
warning to atlanta: <propfirst> schuler has been sighted in the <propmale> area 
wishes those wanting to raise awareness for breast cancer research would actually donate money or time to the cause instead of endlessly posting their brassiere colors on fb  seriously   it's not as clever as everyone may imagine 
note to man trying to pass me this morning who obviously doesn't know how to drive on ice: jerking the wheel irratically and accelerating on will land you in a huge ditch in front of the fox 5 news center 
a house isn't a home without a dog   smile 
has to learn to be ethical today   sad 
has a headache from dealing with figures   
has a very sick little dog     sad  vet appointment tomorrow for ultrasound 
"is back from the vet with the dog  may is feeling a little better thanks to some savings--money can't buy happiness, but it sure helps in an animal emergency pinch!"
is still tired from a blood draw yesterday  what's the deal?  sad 
is battered from the week but is glad to have new students visiting tomorrow!
wishes she could get some real sleep   
"\which iron chef will hear the tremendous roar of your food processssoooorrr?!\"""""
has too much to do to be feeling poorly 
has been hplcing for >12 hours now   smile 
is not feeling well on the <propfemale> of a move    sad 
is grateful to her awesome family and friends for their help moving!
enjoys hplcing so much that she's moved on to the salaita lab hplc! maybe i'll just make the rounds through the entire department 
listening to ethnic music helps me unpack faster  i know not why 
thinks she has another ulcer   sad 
is pretty exhausted but survived the day  it's all downhill from here 
wonders how the heck the dog managed to open an umbrella upside down and collect everything in my bottom bathroom drawer into it whilst i was at work   she's a hoarder 
wishes she had more time at her bench   the summer perhaps?
"\i think about you all the time  but i don't need the same  it's lonely where you are come back down  and i won't tell them your name   \"""""
congrats to rong for her ph d  defense today! what a good day!
really wants to become a contact for cem's competition   she knows now how not to build a synthesizer 
 sad 
tired   but things will better in may   
"is reading about dream, hetcor and draws instead of watching tv  does this mean i need to find a life?"
had a pretty good week  now for laundry   and cleaning out the car   and other mundane tasks that have fallen by the wayside   smile 
is exhausted and it's only 3pm   
can't wait to get out from under all of this paperwork and back into the lab   
will this week ever end?
feels like laying out by the pool after spending all day in an icy magnet lab   
thinks getting home before 9pm is overrated   smile 
fml 
enjoys collecting schulerisms   words of wisdom    smile 
is tired but at work  perhaps i will rest tonight 
all i have to say is   ow  i need some rest 
listening to toto seems to help my knee to stop aching  weird 
is super stressed   sad  when will this cloud move on?
"schulerism of the day: \sorry about the sh*tter   \"""""
big bang theory   smile 
is excited about summertime   perhaps now i'll have time to get more e playful eriments in! (i also enjoy getting to work with all of our awesome undergrads!)
\you got to <propmale> a dream, one that’s all your own\92d7b77f4ab99ef9ea7b5bea5c68e1de,ftir tonight  excitement!
nmr   smile 
preparing for a busy week   
some days the science is just too good   smile 
is watching the cardinals on her bird feeder with may and a cup of coffee   smile 
parts of my life are oh-so-comical  i need to write a book someday   
cce  yep 
is excited for what the day will bring!  smile 
is tired to the <propmale> but optimistic 
sick   sad 
set up a reaction and now heading home to enjoy some fireworks!
"far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious\triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor\spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray\twilight that knows not victory nor defeat  -<propmale> <propmale>"
wishes this migraine would go away but is looking forward to this weekend!
off to the store and then home to cook! tomorrow will be fun!
is always amazed by what awesome friends she has     smile 
had a good day  it is always bittersweet to see friends move on  :')
swam her first 1500m since high school last night and is pretty sore today  here's to rediscovering old hobbies!
"one man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars; and the world was better for this \-<propmale> quixote"
has a bjillion e playful eriments to get done and so little time   smile 
has a headache in her eyeballs   
what a beautiful saturday for science! and maybe some real life later this evening   smile 
not everyone gets to spend friday evening eating cobbler with <propmale> <propmale>   smile 
isn't feeling so hot today    sad 
"\the heart of a cheater is empty and hollow \""   """
had a great time last night with <propfemale> and company!  smile 
guesses that she may be the only person she knows who starts their morning listening to zydeco   smile 
hopes to feel somewhat normal again soon   
loves that each day she can read a nice mixture of status updates from people with normal jobs and people in science   it really puts things into perspective 
had an interesting evening but is exhausted  i could sleep for days   
"luckily, the e playful eriments never end   smile "
<propfemale> fitzgerald and nat <propmale> <propmale> dripping into my ears  red wine and dark chocolate  and my dog sleeping by the fire   doesn't get much better than this   smile 
this week will never end   
"hopefully, there is sleep in the forecast for the weekend   "
is thankful for good times with family and for all of her wonderful friends!
is officially tired   
frustrated with life 
thanks to all for the encouragement  especially the first years--you guys are something special!  smile 
"\i love movies about real things   like <propfirst> columbus!!\"" - e  schuler"""
is home safe after a slow ride home 
"doe with chenrui chen, night 4   smile "
"\i love long walks  especially when they're taken by people who annoy me \"""""
totally can't sleep   too much on my mind 
"tonight i've got the comedy of <propfemale> saunders, a good glass of wine and a great dog to sit in my lap    smile "
is taking part in her civic jury duty but is sleepy after sitting in quiet rooms all day   there is a lot of science to get back to soon   
"\if you stumble   make it part of your dance  be fearless \"""""
is super tired and it's only wednesday  at least i got to see dr  codington on his birthday!
wants so badly to have faith in people   
it's way too quiet here   sad  i might as well go back to work   
wonders why all baby names nowadays have excessive 'y's? caydyn? haydyn? shaydyn? ambyre? <propfemale>? robyrt? tym? wtf  it doesn't make the name unique   just irritating to spell   soapbox
wonders why all baby names nowadays have excessive 'y's? caydyn? haydyn? shaydyn? ambyre? <propfemale>? robyrt? tym? wtf  it doesn't make the name unique   just irritating to spell   soapbox
is at the atlanta science tavern with the hottest minds in atlanta!
had a good day with betul and <propfemale>! good friends + awesome science + funny gossip = priceless 
is amused by the sexy spanish music here at panera   i guess sandwiches can be sexy? or maybe i'm supposed to eat my sandwich in a very seductive fashion  while i think sciencey thoughts  totally hot 
\we are just stories, so here's mine to tell\92d7b77f4ab99ef9ea7b5bea5c68e1de,is watching a special on solar plasma  yellow dwarf ftw   smile 
is in love with mendeley thanks to  <propfemale> <propmale>  what did i do before you (both)?  smile 
circumstances will never make me betray my plan for happiness 
"had an amazing night of tapas, martinis, imax, and java vino with betul, <propfemale> and <propfirst>, some of the sexiest minds in atlanta!  smile "
can't sleep  might as well clean 
<propfirst> marsteller for president!  wink 
is so excited about abgradcon 2011!! i can't wait to talk astrobiology among the bozites in montana! thanks to betul and <propfemale> for their support--you ladies are amazing!
