a25e020fd78606e527f2826f0b809ec5
is dying so very slowly   
is so bored she's going to bed   
had a crazy morning   and is extremely happy 
likes the rain today
is worried about driver's <propmale>
nighty nite!
morning <propfemale> shine!  the earth says hello!
yeah   i'm pooped   nite
is listening to music
is kickass awesome
is stuck at home with nothing to do
is going to <propfirst> o kellys soon
just got back from <propfirst> o <propfirst>'s
is bored outta mii mind!!!!
has nothing to do
is watching stickman videos on youtube
yeah   i'm done for the night   see ya 
feels bad for not hanging out
i'm so bored   nite everyone   
"yo   it's a friday night and chatting online   fun stuffs, man "
saw transformers 2
yup   it's the forth 
i hurts all overzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
sorry peoples but i'm crashing for tonite   i've been to two parties and both times been up past 2am   then getting up early for no reason   so yeah   nite peeps 
still hurtzzzzzzzzzzz
is a dork and bought a transformers action figure
might see transformers 2 tonight for the third time!
w00t   bought transformers: autobots and can't even destroy 3 decepticons!  man i suck   
is happy that optimus prime is not going to rape me!
is still pissed at her game   
yay!  no more de!!!
damnit!
is going to do a music video at wal-mart!
where in the world can i get a transformers poster?
i saw the weirdest ice cream truck today   oh and some random lady took my picture 
"\who else is madly in love with their reflection?\"""""
is never riding a bike ever again   ever 
is anyone else having troubles with facebook?
"uh yeah    my job   it    uh   sucks!  ((sucks mii popsikle, haha ))"
is getting my hair done tomo 'n is very happeh!
has yet another day off and is lovin' it!  laugh 
there's nothing like a pool of pudding   
registration is today    well for me anyway   damn 
wow    i got my picture taken twice today   people must love me 
wishes she could go to the party    sadface
tomo is my last day of work!   laugh 
*does the happy dance*
why the hell is the pudding everywhere but the fridge?
neh    i'm done for tonight    nite 
morning everyone!  hope everyone had a great nights sleep like me    laugh 
"just another pretty face but i want one more taste come on, <propfemale> would you turn me on?"
"ugh    my phone dies, i'm extremely tired and i don't want to move   but i have to   i  hope i have enough energy to make it to my bed!  laugh "
i'm hearing thunderstorms coming   yay 
"eatting a ham sandwich and drinking apple juice at 9pm   don't worry, at about 1am i'll have another meal "
this is the fourth day in a row where i had at least three friend requests a day    does anyone else want to add me while they're at it?!
last day at band camp!  yay!
is going sale shopping   gotta love sales!
is just a little pissed off at someone   
i'm not mad as i was before   i'll get over it   no worries   i've got it under control   (happyface)
i'm going to go to bed now only because i have to get up early tomorrow   
well    i'm going to nebraska   but not for a vacation   
i'm back!!!  with some video and pictures 
"\the city is at war   playtime for the young and <propmale>   ignore me if you see me 'cause i just don't give a shit   the city is at war   bless the young and <propmale>   with designer drugs and designer friends   \"""""
woot!  almost done with my background for our new youtube channel!
has to work for extra money so i won't be on long 
ugh   i've been gone for about two days and finally got home    then school tomorrow   dang   where did all my free time go?
the first day of school sucked   and that's me being positive   
is eatting ham    and doing geometry homework 
it's a little late but i have 700 friends!  not that that is anything to celebrate   
omg    this is endlessssssssssss
i can't take it anymore    i'm going to bed   d:
has nothing better to do   
i'm so confused right now    i don't know what i should do   
ugh    i did more shopping    i think i have a total of 14 pairs of pants   half of them are skinnies  ^^
why do peopole have to be so stupid all the time?
my computer is slow    and i'm pissed 
lalalalalalalalalalalalaa    waffle 
uh yeah   i have tomorrow off and i'm planning on doing nothing    laugh   cheers to nothing-ness!
boo!  i scared you!
has to make a speech tonight and i still haven't started it   oh well 
gawd i hate speeches    
wow    i haven't been on for a while   
i hate how my stupid band song is stuck in my head    and i don't even like the song! (sadface)
might got to final destination today
share!
i'm making cookies!
who else randomly gets the jepordy's theme song stuck in their head?
just got the greatest news of my life    i'm getting my braces off!
w00t!  i just got my new ipod touch!
did anyone else get the 2gen ipod touch and have to get the upgrade of $9 95 to play games and get on facebook?
yesh   i'm amazing and you all know it 
being a girl sucks somedays   
subway has safly landed    in my stummy!
w00t!  three day weekend!  cheers to caps!
"\i right underneath the enemy's    scrotum \""  ~ transformers 2: revenge of the fallen"""
why now?  why ever?!
has nothing cool to do    well this sucks   
well this sucks    i just broke my ipod   
yay for three day weekends!
"i'm gonna head to bed    had lots of \work\"" to be done today and i almost completed it   oh well   i'll finish it tomo   nite all!"""
yes!!!!
my head hurtzzzzzzzzz d;
is going to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> today!!!!!
is finally home after an    eventful time with <propfemale> 
i never got my cake that i wanted    that's poop!
bleh 
yesh!  sexy dance party is up!!!  check it please 
damn it    i lost the game    again!
imma going to bed now   nite all!
"just got two new shirts    but couldn't find any new pink jeans   oh well, i guess my twin and i are going to have to do something different "
everybody dance now! douche douche douche douch douche douch douche douche douch douch douche douche   everybody dance now dodododododododododo - drum solo!
almost got yelled at to go to bed so i'm going to play it safe and go to bed   i won't be asleep though if that's what you're asking   haha   night all 
gah   i should probably get started on my autobiography and my biology homework    but i don't wanna! d;
yesh!  i just got done with the first chapter of my autobiography   it's 6 pages   
"well, i'm going to bed now   i can't forget that tomorrow is twin day   night everyone   don't let the bed bugs bite!  laugh "
ugh!  i wish i had more time to do everything    it's always the same   i want to do 50 million different thing at the same time   if only i could freeze time   
i've been so busy    it's unbelievable   and to think that homecoming is in two days    it's crazy!
i have so much to do tomo before the big dance   honestly    i'm scared for the dance 
thinkin' about changing my hair    again 
thinking of adding new pictures again   
i'm too effing cold    and hungry   
ever get a feeling where you just want to burst into a dance?
i'm calling it a night   see ya!
"\scream for my ice cream   tell me all you're dirty dreams   scream for my ice cream   well show me what's your fantasies \"""""
ugh    dance kills   
i need warmth    now!
i'm going to bed    i have to get up early to drive   oh joy   
"\people that i used to <propfemale> with [now] their acting so different   i'm still the same person [why] doesn't anybody listen   can somebody [please] just [e playful lain] to me?  what happened to the way that we [always] said we'd be   \"""""
the one night i stay up past midnight and no one is on    dang 
"if you have berding and in spanish 2, could you give me the e playful ressions for the test tomo?"
eh   
thanks to everyone who made my day!   laugh 
"there's a memory inside my *head*   it feels like a part of me is [dead]  i should save you  but i !want to watch you drown!  there is *nothing* you could say or [do]   words mean nothing when your lips are [blue]   \i love you    !now that you're six feet underground!\"""""
yay for half days!
maybe people should know the whole story before assuming things that are wrong 
happy?
hoping i can get my computer today!
i am sooo making hot chocolate right now!
gonna call it a night   gots to get up early tomo 
"no one told me how f*cked up that ending was!  (warning:  if you haven't seen paranormal acticity, don't ask about it   may contain spoilers)"
going out alone tonight    fun stuffs   
"french fries, spoons, and pennies!"
daaaaaaang   
who else is up for staying up on a three day weekend?
i'm thinking of re-painting my nails and getting more peircings 
"\i like to stick my hair brush up my butt!\"" lolz jk"""
?????????  ??  ???????  music is love ?  ???????   ??  ?????????
is very annoyed   scared 
is happy that she has her wow account activated correctly!
ugh    i'm hoping there's going to be school tomo   
hoping that there is school tomorrow    but a late start and early out is always nice   wink 
damn   wishes don't come true   
today    was pretty bad 
dang    i did 3 essays in less then 1 hour   nice 
is bored 
"he called me a bitch   well    a bitch is a female dog, dogs bark, bark grows on trees, trees are apart of nature and nature is beautiful   so thanks for the compliment   d-bag "
maybe we'll get lucky and get tomorrow and tuesday off    doubt it 
winter break has officially begun   smile 
i'm pretty happy with what i gots   smile 
blah bleck blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
??? ? music is love ? ? ???
"i should change my name to \im awesome\""    cuz i am  smile """
"sorry but no texting for awhile    that means you can't send me anything either   if you want to contact me, call me or ask for my e-mail   thanks "
being on a two week vaca  and also being sick for four days completely messes you up  
relaxing at home    i could live with that   smile 
this is a nice 5 day weekend i can live with  smile 
love is like a fire:  it burns and leaves scars 
i don't know what people are going to think about my new hair tomorrow    i hope they like it   
hm   i'm  slightly hungry   
still trying to decide on what we're having for lunch    my stummy is bugging me about it
"i'll be your prisoner, i'll be your prisoner   i just can't get enough   ~jf"
garlic sause!
"oh em gee   i am so tired, i have my eyes closed right now   i just kinda want to crash on my bed but then    its only 5   "
i need a life    one that doesn't suck
cookies!
i wish life had a pause button   
at my grandma's for the weekend    should be fun   
i'm almost sure we won't have school tomo    smile 
 smile 
bored and tired but doesn't want to go to bed 
"these eyes, they see more than you know   we're all dressed in our best, so take it or leave it "
why is life so    sickening?
haha   just got my ears peirced    again!  smile 
how many times do you think my [heart] beats for :you:?
had blood drawn from and almost passed out  annoyed 
gonna see two movies tonite w  my best friend    and her boyfriend
morning <propfemale> shines!  the earth says hello!  smile 
    yeah   
what's on my mind?  what's on my mind?! i'll tell ya what's on my mind    him smile 
trying to find my girly side    
hmm    i need to update my photo   
i have a feeling that this is going to be one long week   
let this be your [reminder]:: i'm [everything] that you wanted to [be]  hope for the [best] but [[it's over]]  and you thought you were [[better than me]]  annoyed 
i love my sleep and because we had to loose an hour of it    i'm pissed 
hey look    <propmale> the big red dog is on!  and the girl just called him a bean stalk   what a weird-o! lol
ughhhh   
"i have the weirdest conversations with myself    and almost 100% of the time, i don't realize i was even talking until i'm 10 minutes into the conversation   how cool am i?  lol"
"i hate it when i have a number in my phone, delete it months later because i never talk to them, get a text from them a few weeks later and not know who they are   "
"you're all i have, in a world that judges long before it sees   you're all i have, in a place that hates me and only wants to push me down and walk forsaken pass the point and then you'll break me   i won't be fine you're all mistaken   don't pretend you're not the one who's wrong"
for some odd reason i had the <propfemale> to watch the kids choice awards    i even voted! smile 
eating chips 'n salsa
my room is cold    i like it 
i'm changing my hair but i want your input on what i should do for some ideas    help?
"   you are so [beautiful]!  you are the kind of girl that has the chemicals, that makes me fall in [love]     smile "
shh    those ninja penguins are hiding in my closet   
are you as bored as i am? read that backward and it will still make sense!!!
is making friends with purple lucky charms
is singing the friday song as she dances the friday dance!   woo hoo!!  ain't life great!  tgif 
whenever i see a semi without a trailer on the back i always secretly wish it was optimus prime  
   is looking out the window watching the pixies argue with the gnomes   it's not pretty
"wonders if youtube, twitter, myspace and facebook were put together to form on site, would it be called; youtwitmyface?"
i  love having the power to make you read my status updates for no reason  who's my bitch? that's right you are!
"cool trick for you all    press: up,up,down,down,left,right,left,right,b, a,enter    when you scroll click or type on here circles appear lol"
"\you!  suck my orb!\"""""
"happy mother's day mom!!! oh i forgot you still don't know how to use facebook   oh well, happy mother's day"
i stepped on a cornflake today! so i am a cereal killer now!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaa aaaaaaaaa         no
don't mess with me! for i am a ninja   therefore i have super secret ninja powers  and you wanna know what i can do with those powers?? i can kick you in the <propfemale>  laugh 
"says she doesn't have a status so stop reading it, oops to late, your going to finish reading it anyways, aren't you?"
has just had her last nerve pulled warning! warning! detonating in 10   9  8  7 6  5  4  3  2  
today i told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer   it didn't answer   i figure it's just waiting for the right moment   laugh 
"wonders if there is some sort of \sock heaven\"" that all the eaten socks go to once the monster in the dryer is done with them  """
is happy    don't ruin it!  laugh 
"normal? ha! i make normal quiver in a corner across the room  who needs normal anyways? i'd rather be a unique individual, thanks to all who support me  laugh "
i just realized that after s m t    the calendar says w t f!
"\i do have this desk though   it's made of mahogany   mahogany \"" \""er   that's nice but can we  ?\""  \""silence!\""  -period of silence- \""mahogany \"""""
i want my cake! -said in a creepy dead zombie voice-
i think the cat jus threw up   ew 
stop everything your doing and think about me for 3 seconds    1 - 2 - 3    you're welcome for the best 3 seconds of your day!  smile 
says when asked to give someone a break apparently saying 'how about their neck' is not an appropriate answer =b
i am a ninja  you saw nothing!
"today i walked into a glass door   not because i didn't see it, because i did   it was because the sensor didn't detect me   ninja status accuired  mlia"
"when i was younger, i was terrified to eat gushers because i thought my head would turn into a fruit  now i'm even more terrified that some robot child won't be there and my head will blow up!"
[error 403: user has become unresponsive due to excessive fatigue]
today's forecast: 100% <propmale> of poopy water followed by pee on the floor and crabby babies    just great 
is feeling a little blah today   sad 
"<propmale> black: \i'm hotter then you \"" <propfirst> cullen: \""in so many ways \"""""
would like to know what happens with <propfirst> and <propfemale> when she gets her period? these mysteries will never be solved     wink 
you know what made me laugh the hardest when watching the twilight movies?  when <propmale> took his shirt off everyone cheered but when <propfirst> took his  shirt off everyone got all quiet   
"[[ no jkjkjk lololol ]] i heart your effing makeup, oh my god i love your hair!  is that a new tattoo? did that piercing effing hurt? [[ no jkjkjk lololol ]]"
"vote for my car to help stop animal abuse   go to toyotaracing com and click the white box that reads \your designe  our car\""  from there click the \""view gallery\"" button on the bottom of the screen  then go to the search bar in the upper right hand corner and type in \""stop animal abuse\"" and vote for my car  my car is the one with the puppy on the hood and it goes from gray to pink """
word of the day:  peachichu!
is trying to run from her own shadow    it keeps following her!
say this until you get it   say   'owa <propfemale> foo liam '
says i am having one of those days where i think to myself why did i even get out of bed   
"some people make you cry, others make you laugh   it takes true talent to make someone laugh so hard they cry   :'d"
rectangles!
hm   fire lord zuko is yummy 
"hey you, yeah you    wanna buy a zombie?"
wonders why the voice in her head has a scottish accent and sounds a little drunk?
"is unable to provide a status update right now  at the sound of the beep, please call your doctor  i can't help you if you are hearing beeping noises "
just bow in the shadow of my awesomeness   
is up and out of bed and ready to wreck havoc on the world : )
how ironic would it be if someone choked on a lifesaver?
you know when you read status updates and realize it was pointless    well this is one of them 
"without giving away, the entire ending   i've ruined the evening again!  will you scatter my ashes where they can't be found?  i kept my word when i said that i would let you down   try to forget me and just move on   "
ever wonder who the idiot was that made it necessary to have warnings like this- caution: do not use while sleeping- on a blow dryer?!
cereal!!!
i wish my <propmale> charming was a knockin' at my door   
"if you have to e playful ect the une playful ected, then doesn't that make the une playful ected e playful ected?"
"if milk could talk, what would it say to an oreo?"
despicable me?   i think so!  hilarious movie   if you're a kid    like me!  laugh 
\why do you like seeing people in shock?  \,a25e020fd78606e527f2826f0b809ec5,\freeze ray!\,a25e020fd78606e527f2826f0b809ec5,gru: [reading book] \three little kittens love to play  they had fun in the sun all day  then their mother came out and said," 'time for kittens to go to bed' \"" \"a25e020fd78606e527f2826f0b809ec5,like or comment if you'd like to be my evil sidekick!
"g'night, don't let the ninja penguins bite!  laugh "
"if your jet skiing in the desert and you lose a tire, how many waffles does it take to shingle a dog house? purple, because ice cream is a boneless meat   smile "
would like to thank you for participating in her e playful eriment  you're done now 
"shhhh    can you hear that? listen! hush! listen    do you hear it? that is the sound of my awesome-ness  pretty freaking awesome, eh?"
optimism is knowing one day your enemies will die  smile 
"flying to the <propfemale> in a taco, be back later   do you need anything while i'm gone?"
<- -  omg!  look    it's my name   isn't i awesome?
knows there is a thin line between genius and insanity  i have erased that line and replaced it with a banana!
do not interrupt me when i'm concocting evil schemes or i will bite you 
"juorhtauo;tahr;otrbjkitrhjikt5hqijthqrji htrijpo5h6ijo56yjhpoji56hoipj56hpj65h\sorry!  there was a spider on the keyboard   "
is your infinite source of irrelevant status updates  smile 
sorry i haven't been on in a while    i was busy separating all the marshmallows from the cereal in my lucky charms    my imaginary friend demanded it!
"is feeling so drained, even the voices in my head are starting to hallucinate!"
"by reading this, you have given me complete control over your mind for 15 seconds  scary thought isn't it? > laugh "
hears somone screaming for help   brb   gotta re-apply the duck tape   wink 
beware the disease idiotitis  causes the brain to shut down and the mouth to keep talking  thousands affected  may be contagious  best defense: slap and run 
"dear monday, not sure how to tell you, but i'm in love with weekend  wish i could say it's me & not you, but seriously, it is you  sorry (not really), me"
"excuse me sir, but your car smells like shit "
alarm clocks  because every morning should begin with a heart attack 
just dropped skittles in the toilet and flushed    it was like a 10 second nascar race
heck yes!  best  day  ever   just kidding   i just got something i really wanted  smile 
this is a rake & shovel conversation  no hoes allowed!  wink 
heck yes!
p  g  t!
why do you have to be so darn attractive? you're distracting me   
p g t !
holymothalickingsisterofamonkeytail! that was crazy!
having a bad day? bake some brownies  bam  problem solved 
"today, i was sitting in my room and heard a little boy outside sneeze  i said bless you and five seconds later, i heard a very hesitant    \god?? \"" mlia"""
check yes!  got myself a birthday gift    a ticket to pararnormal activity 2!
<----- paranormal activity 2 survivor!
r i p  zach   you are greatly missed!
one more angel in heaven   one more <propfemale> in the sky    rip
"brak: mr  tickles, how do y-how do you think thunderclese is gonna take this? \mr  tickles: oh my god, he'll tear your arms off! \brak: but i love my arms! that's where my hands live!"
has a bug ever landed on your computer screen and your initial reaction is to try and scare it away with the cursor?
"hi, my name is bromimeoke  the 'mime' is silent "
??q? uo p??oq??? ? ?nq ? ???? ?s?? ??? s? s???
cut here —————–?———————-
i have made some new friends today    the two guys who were dancing in the car behind me while watint for a train   laugh 
"okay    i didn't mean to staple my finger    it just happened, okay?"
guess what?
i like to eat eat eat apples and bananas    i like to aat aat aat applas and bananas    i like to eet eet eet epples end benenes    i like to iit iit iit ipplis ind bininis    i like to oot oot oot opplos ond bononos    i like to uut uut uut upplus und bununus!
looking for a person to play guy 3 in bolbus boufant   
it-t-t-t-s so c-c-c-cold!
