1805ce72d7ad6a81099b6f119f115980
everyone have fun for me on their 3 day weekend   i have work sad 
thanks to all the birthday wishes and my birthday party that resembled <propfirst> and lyns ' wedding
wants to do something fun tonight
might be staying in sad 
bulldog or no bulldog?? the question
i love margoritas! you should try these things out at rouses
"wow, cutting missile defense?? another great reason why im sooo glad i didn't vote for obama    thanks to those that did, i can't wait to be iranian, i always wanted to be exotic"
whos coming to support team cordina on net 1 at 830 at coconut   its gonna be fun! miley <propmale>???
drop drop it low girl
weekends like these make me hate my job sad 
missing freds already
shuffleboard torney at monkey hill at 7  anyone?
"alright,alright"
can't goto sleep before 12 because he wakes up at 4 am and plays on fb
in the atl bra
just sold a shirt just now!
cleaning his nasty frat house with favorite roomate    not <propfirst>
is home come over   main event at 8!! bring ur pastries for <propfirst> to throw at nicks face
watch lawman  i think im making my tv debut!
<propfemale> ringwalds sat night at southport   
just booked a place for this weekend    ohhh boy
girls   stop being girls and do it!
tried the organic       i want my whole milk back
"coming home <propmale>, anyone miss me??"
lets be nothing   i heard it lasts forever
"just had crayfish au gratin, salad, gumbo, noodles and pasta, and fish with crab sauce    and then blueberry banana pudding!! how you  think im feeling"
mikey b is gettting married!!!!what???!!!!
"surprised my phone doesnt work after being submerged in a hot tub, whens that technology coming out  can i patent that ??"
watching p s  i love you alone so no one sees me cry
everyone needs to check out sip and paint on ridgelake dr  awesome time!! goto the website sipandpaint com
thanks everyone for hanging out last night for my bday!! hope ya'll had fun
thanks for all the bday wishes!! whos coming with us to the lsu game this weekend??
what a weekend in atl!!!
i have the best sister in the whole wide world 
"<propmale> out with <propfirst> mcconaughey at work today, what you do? smile "
can't wait to sleep in my <propmale> size bed alone on ski trip thanks guys smile !!
thursday night at 9 on syfy channel (45?) my bears and i are in an episode of fact or fiction  might be a good laugh!
"sassy, give mittens a kiss for me smile "
14 a sidewalk side last person on the middle level of endymion   yes after bacchus!
