019ac5d57f3fd308444a0647c95fdab0
"aghhh, went to take a shower and my hot water won't come on    gotta be at work in 30 <propfemale>  sad "
"hey now i can find everbody all over again, woohoo, lol "
"why is it that i stay out all night drinking when i know i have to get up @ 6 every morning??  sad  bet i'll never make this mistake again, lol "
"fun fun, making candles, i want pink dye              and fresh cut grass scents          "
oh no! i think it's going to storm and this ruins my quizno's plan  sad 
"haha, don't have to go to work tomorrow! that means i get to get belligerent tonight  smile "
wants a hamburger    
"gonna take a nap, then maybe go swimming    "
"my truck is broken, again             "
"ready to get off work      also ready for dinner, hmmm, looks like mcdonald's again "
ready to take a nap     
feels like today is going to be one of those days where everything goes wrong 
"thank god for tuesdays, just knowing i don't have to g to work on wednesday makes the whole day seem instantly better  smile "
is working oh so verra verra hard!
tryin hard to play beer pong tonight       someone needs to offer up a table 
"spent an hour and ahalf driving around in circles, in this rain with stupid mmephis drivers } sad "
"hmmm, well i'm off to read trashy romance novels     "
feels overly proud of the fact that i made it into work on time after last night      yay me?
"finally got a nap and some food, woo hoo, i'm very thankful, sadly though i'm mostly thankful for mcdonald's "
"wants to go camping on the river  ready for vacation, camping, and 8 hour trips downriver     "
"gonna have dinner at fresh slices tonight, never eaten there before, hopefully it'll be delicious "
"hates working on monday mornings, but hopefully my truck will be fixed today!!!!"
"just found out my truck is still a p o s  and still not running, no clue as to a finishing date now, and even worse - nobody knows whats actually wrong with it  sad "
"half price bowling tonight at hardwick's, oooo fun fun, you know yall all want to go!"
"is ridiculously bored       aghhh only 4 1 2 hours to go til i get off, 9 o clock here we go!!"
"hahaha, day is getting better, if only i'd come upon like $5,000 it would make today a great day, lol "
"needs to get a new i d  really bad, it's kinda pathetic, i couldn't even get my damn crawfish bisgue at blue monkey cause that bitch is 21 and up  i'm 23  sad "
woo hoo! finally got a new i d !!!!
ready to get off work          wants a foot rub   
while in theory salt and vinegar chips would go great together reality is slightly different    i feel like i might be dying on the inside   
delicious bacon!!! god i love bacon for breakfast!
is going to be leaving for murfreesboro later on today!
is back from murfreesboro!!!
gonna go to <propmale>'s later     
"listening to music from back in the day, got a man - <propfemale> - one of the greatest songs ever"
"yay!! woke up minus a hangover! thank god, especially considering i'm back to work today, i think i slept like 15-20 hours yesterday, ughh, one of those never drinking again type days, minus the never drinking again    "
"ughh, i went jogging the other day for the first time in ages, didn't stretch at all beforehand, of course, and now everything hurts and feels tight  sad  all i want now is to soak in a hot bath for hours "
arghh pandora isn't wanting to run right    
"hmmm, how much bacon is to much to start your morning off with? evidently around 6 pieces and some yogurt leaves you feelin a little funny  sad "
"ready for 9      get to go home, play with my puppy, and be all around ridiculously lazy  smile "
gotta love it when you can actually lose money driving an hour's distance total to walk one fucking dog for work 
"yay! i feel so good today, and it's soooo nice outside, now if only i didn't have to work all day     sad "
"woohoo, fried chicken, bar-b-q chicken, black eyed peas, great northern beans and a hawaiian roll for lunch! it's gonna be delicious  playful "
evidently on fridays i'm a magician and can make money magically disappear  sad 
ready to get off work and take a nap!
"a lost world populated by fanged frogs, grunting fish and <propfemale> bear-like creatures has been discovered in a remote volcanic crater on the pacific island of papua new guinea "
got flowers at work today! ?
dropped my phone in a toilet  sad 
"ughh, hate getting up so early e-v-e-r-y-d-a-y "
"wants to get off work early and have it rain really hard, frisbee in the rain?"
is sick  sad 
thank effing god! i think i'm finally getting my truck back tomorrow night!!!!!!!!
woohoo midtown chik-fil-a = open!!!!
a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds
is sooooooooo ready to get off work   
"knock, knock who's there? you ever hear the joke about the broken pencil? you ever hear the joke about the broken pencil who? nevermind, it's pointless "
"had lox today for the first time, delicious!"
"thank god for small pleasures that make the day somewhat more bearable, or rather make some people slightly more bearable  "
"wants sushi for lunch         but i forgot my money, so i'll have cookies instead  sad "
"so glad to be back in memphis,"
so     tops is delicious    evidently the one on union by the medical district failed their health test    that's the main one i eat at  sad 
"got my truck back!!! yay, sick but feel almost obligated to go out since i can again      and it's a friday, shiiiiit } smile "
happy birthday to me!!!
abbi is so great!!!
"i like how under recommended pages it's - sleeping, many who like drinking like this  "
sooo evidently - city pledges to install 55 <propmale> of bike facilities over next two years -according to the flyer
"is so excited    it's mildly ridiculous  not even sure why, well maybe i have a <propfemale> inkling  smile "
crazy how some songs are always great and amazing even though it's been 10+ years
birthday cake is always delicious  
always fun to be peacefully sleeping only to wake to blood curdling terror  sad 
"want a hamburger, but i want it exactly how i like it    i don't know how to make it the way i want though  sad "
"woohoo!! so, my broke down the other day  sad  got it back from the shop today  smile  runs better than it ever has since i bought it! so happy!!"
"so hot, even air conditioning doesn't seem to really help "
"so ready for a vacation    new place, new people   just need new money  sad  ehh   soon soon "
"so great out, of course i'm workin all day, so hopin it stays like this for tomorrow when i have the day off!"
omg! it really is international bacon day! kinda magical  smile  glad bacon gets the respect it deserves 
"in little rock, ar, an antiquated law is still on the books warning that engaging in playful banter may result in a 30-day jail term  in new york city, another outdated law mandates that men may be fined $25 for gazing lasciviously at a female; a second conviction stipulates the offender wear a pair of blinders whenever he goes out for a walk "
"need a bike, rode down to wolf river earlier on a borrowed bike, soooo uncomfortable and the back tire didn't wanna go, pretty awful  anyways, hopefully i'm going to get a new bike tomorrow!  smile "
eatin pizza   all i want is some milk  all i don't have is some milk  sad 
"ughh   haven't had my ears stretched out in forever, when will that nasty smell go away? i  mean it's only when i blatantly rub my ears that i can smell it, but still  they're back to a normal size   maybe i just never noticed the smell before i stretched them   i dunno, but i don't like it "
all my favorite songs today have been la bouche  i don't think you could listen to them and not smile  smile 
"about to be gettin all kinds of stuff from thinkgeek, can't wait for monday!!"
i'm gonna make chocolate covered bacon!!!
"goin to the germantown commissary, never had their bbq before but heard it's supposed to be delicious!"
"only 30 minutes left, so ready for nyquil and my bed, thank god i've got all day off tomorrow, so sick  sad "
they want me for jury duty   sad that i'm slightly excited 
woohoo!!! i just got a taser } smile 
memphis po'boys from soul fish are ridiculously delicious 
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
pretty legit    
"so lazy, need to get up and go to the gym "
"so if i was gonna buy a ac window  unit, gotta be a 110, where's the best place?"
"i used to get up so early every day before i had a job, now on a day off i get up at noon  sad  does make it acceptable to drink right off the bat though   small perk "
