11887e2a00331ddb383feb89e2651bdb
happy new year!!!
wow karli ur grounded already! haha
sooo fuckin tired!
coach let my leave practice an hour and a half early   all i did was double conditioning an ice my knee  annoyed     again for like 3-4 weeks now!
fall   october is coming!
gotta go to the orthopedic tomorrow   but hopefully they can figure out whats wrong wit my knee and tell me when i can do gymnastics and diving again
patella alta   physical therapy for 8 weeks   dis sucks i wanna do more than conditioning at gym! karli!!!
freezin my ass off at diving!
football game!
2 weeks now haven't gotten much slp   well i should probably try to go to slp now
is it friday yet?  annoyed  can't wait for saturday!
party! then corn maze with some friends!
ghs vs  bhs game thursday!
whooooooo!!! let's go   ghs 14-9!
first ghs won now the gators yay!!!
party friday and saturday!  smile 
gotta go to the hospital at 4 smile 0   great  annoyed 
only 4 days this week   good!
can't wait till friday and saturday!
back from practice   bungee cords today-double backs and double ballouts!   happy halloween!
spirit week!  smile 
gonna take a nap!  smile 
i can't tell if i'm tired or not   ?????
omg!   i can't believe i just woke up!!!
"right now i would be happy too if i lived with u <propmale>, i feel so unloved and unimportant in this family they would be better off without me and they make they perfectly clear  crying "
bored out of my mind   don't wanna start my homework!  annoyed 
morning   wonder how practice will go?  annoyed  at least there will be friends to talk to
gets a shadow thursday cool!
ok ok ur right <propmale> it is c-10   lol my bad
got back from swim dive banquet!  smile 
gym meet tomorrow at port <propfemale>
"going to <propmale> with my parents, sis, and grandma"
happy thansgiving everyone!   i'm sick though  sad 
this is the 1st thanksgiving i havent been able to eat dinner with my family cuz i'm sick   i sat at the table with them though and at least there will be leftovers
home!!!
i get to be a bridesmaid in <propfemale>'s wedding!!!    smile 
is always thirsty!
2 down 4 to go
1 more day
shit!!!   not how things were supposed to go
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>ryone!!!  smile 
"the lil ones were up at 6 smile 0 dis mornin! i can't even imagine when they\ll get up tomorrow!   ugh i'm not gonna get any slp over dis break!"""
<propfemale> christmas!!!  smile 
so much hw to do today!!!!! blah
best part of christmas break: i went surfing for the 1st time ever and got up on the 3rd wave!!!!!! 3rd times a charm lol   i finally learned how to surf and it was amazing!  smile 
"school tomorrow, 2 exams, new year, ready or not here i come"
o well
is too tired!
great party bresha!!!  smile  happy birthday again!
16 in 16 days  smile 
4 day weekend!
you got to be kidding me! not again!
almost there!  smile 
back from a meet @ tampa
thank you everyone!  laugh 
"gymnastics pics, ugh waited long enough    haha the camera guy said <propfirst> could be a model lol creeper"
adorable lil ones  smile 
damn it! why does this have to be an issue?
went from completely soaked to warm dry clothes  smile    ridin the bus sucks when its rainin!
wow
i love the mat game! lol
ugh history test!  sad 
interesting practice lol
not even close      this time   
in <propmale> for the weekend
back home   so much colder here than in <propmale>!  annoyed 
is ready 2 b outta skool!
wow i lykd dat i had a lotta fun!   ur right we should do dat more often lmfao
<propfemale>'s bridal shower!
i have no more tears left to cry now its just whatever
idk what to do but i can't keep living like this its killing me
i finally got it back after a lil over a year!   its about time! now the rest just has to get cleaned up and i got a an optional routine
wow some idiot calls the wrong # to leave a threatening voicemail on our answering machine
take me with u anywhere just away from here
karli mizrahy hahahaha u got told bad by a 7 yr old over & over she got u good lmfao   gotta luv <propfemale> hahaha i know u luv her! jk
wow a 5 hr workout is too much!   during the practice blah but i feel kinda good after tho  smile 
"dang!!! it's too quiet!   dad and sis are gone, its just me and my mom"
soooo much to do!
went to gym to get away from shit at home for a while   that ended up bein worse and called my dad to pick me up and take me back home again
i just got my rudi in my routine last monday and the meet sunday night has an above ground tramp i'm scared i'm gonna fall off from really high up!  sad 
got my hair cut and brides maids dress altered!  smile 
"<propfirst> ramos   tengo sed, tengo mucho sed   (squirt!) hay no tengo sed, hay no tengo sed   "
"in <propmale> for another meet, <propfemale> tired from practice yesterday mornin and last night   competing my optional for the 1st time tonight"
that was a great meet actually!   i got a 2nd and two 1st places!  smile 
soooo tired!
best day ever!  smile 
history project 0 o
i didn't want to do this again tonight!
theres not enough time in life   
bride's maid in <propfemale>'s wedding today   getting ready   i'm so excited!!!  smile 
back from <propfemale>'s beautiful wedding!  smile 
reading myself to death!   so boring!   gotta finish the count of <propmale> cristo  annoyed 
man i wish i could go to gym!
rain  love     close your eyes and take a deep breath   crash of thunder
"karli mizrahy u should of gone i had fun, i didn't know it was rated r so we had to sneak in these 2 other guys kinda helped us but it was fine lol  i had fun till i got home   "
i'm being held back and chocked!   idk what to do   or if i can do this anymore!
had fun hiding in the box with <propfemale> and karli for like 20 minutes lmfao   took a cat nap with my cat lol  smile 
right now only 2 more days   looking towards the future only 2 more years
so proud of my baby girl karli mizrahy!!   love    ur growing up  smile  ily babe lol
bout time for a break! last 2 months have been shit and im sick of cryin every single night  life sucks right now  hope spring break will give me some time to relax and maybe figure out at least somethin in my life  sad 
i can never get a break from reality in my life!
????? <propmale> machupa ok ok ur <propfemale> right   snowboarding is awesome! i still like skiing tho 2
"<propmale> grooms imperial?! yea right! i did spitfire 1st time today, thats hard enough lmao"
just got home got up at 6 been at the airport and on planes all day   a total of a 5 and a half hour delay! had to get the 3rd flight for our 2nd connection   what a long day!  playful 
got my license!  laugh 
state meet in port <propfemale>
i'm goin to nationals again baby!!  smile    this time i qualified for all my events and at state so regionals will be a free <propfemale>
looking forward to 2maro and saturday  smile 
just when i thought thing were getting a lil better and gonna be ok   things went right back to the way they have been  sad 
thanks lexi <propmale> had fun tonight!  smile     happy birthday girly
universal with <propmale>!
"drove to gym, sat down and waited with <propfirst> for others to get there, got a call from my dad, sis left h w  in the car, had to drive all the way back home again, gave her h w , drove all the way back to gym, practice, then back home again   what a waist of time  annoyed "
<propmale> show was really good  smile 
feels good to be home right now
why am i <propfemale> sore? blah
hates ap euro!!!
feels so unloved  sad 
ugh who doesn't hate history!
yay its over that lifted some weight off my back
went out to dinner with my daddy and sis  smile  gonna watch a movie now
"wow lol almost got a broken nose   i jumped out of the dark and scared my dad, but <propfirst> his fist back and was about to punch! i would have been thrown back and my nose would be broke!"
"do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail ?"
got 5 and 1 2 hours of slp last night i'm tired and gonna take a nap now
sis and i made my mom a <propmale> apple pancake and bacon for breakfast in bed for mother's day  smile 
8 more too go! blah  playful  lol
hmmm debating wether or not i should donate blood 2maro   i filled out the form thingy but i'll wait and see 2maro i guess
"lol i went to give blood, but they wouldn't let me cuz i didn't weigh enough   o well i'll give donate blood next year with my <propmale> lexi <propmale>"
how much of the sbq did we have to write in ms  <propmale>'s class today?
twisted my ankle at practice today but should feel fine to do stuff monday at gym
"don't look down, just close your eyes, take a deep breath, and jump   love "
wow just spent a few hours with a bunch of drunk guys lol  laugh 
"i saw 2 spotted, twin baby deer drinking from their mommy and wagging their little tails  love  they was so cute!   smile "
not the best day today  annoyed  but it got a lil better
regionals in <propmale> this weekend   get to represent the state of fl!
"17 hour day yesterday i'm exhausted and haven't gotten much slp, but i got a 1st, 3rd, and 4th place at regionals"
never be bullied into silence  never allow yourself to be made a victim  accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself   love 
had fun at <propfirst>'s party!  smile 
god damn it i got hiccups again!!! lol
so exhausted i've been cooped up inside all day from the begging i woke up this morning workin on this fuckin history project and i gotta do the same thing all day 2maro i'm so tired from being in the house doin nothin but work and gotta get outside or get some exercise cuz i've lost all my energy
http annoyed  www formspring me maddiegr
"realized i was starving and hadn't had dinner, so i just finished eating a bowl of cereal lol interesting choice"
bus + rain = o shit! lol
ugh i'm dead lol
is mrs  corbett still collecting paper towels or no??
i want to travel and see the world!!!  smile 
got attacked by thorns!!   but cambridge testing is ova and summa is starting!!!   smile 
lmfao!!!  laugh  funiest practice <propfemale>!!! i  love  u karli mizrahy
"that watch thing is pretty cool my <propmale> heart rate was 188 bpm and i burned 1,031 caleries"
summer! freedom! lets go!!  laugh 
volunteering in a few hours at the butterfly museum as a camp counselor for lil kids  smile 
some time at the park + florida weather = many hours at the pool  smile 
goodnight world  
"not all men are created equal or should necessarily be treated equal, for everyone is an individual; but we are still people, and therefore should be given equal rights, for we are one as a whole "
packing
another day of driving all day in sc right now 2 more states to go lol
<propmale> olympics 2010!!!
2 down   1 more event to compete on thursday  smile 
ugh my hair hurts lol lets see if i can wash all this gel and hair spray out lol
"2010 <propmale> olympics is over  smile    now in nc visiting my grandparents for a few days, then back home for a lil bit!"
well this is the worst 4th of july  crying      i need my dad here with me to help me
home!!!   passes out on the couch haha
"<propfemale> tired i could pass out right now literally, im already seein spots lol and sooo dehydrated!!"
<propmale>!  smile 
home     smile 
happy birthday sis  smile 
i never have time for freedom and when an opportunity for freedom comes the choice is not mine to make  sad 
woke up to an earthquake this mornin in d c 
just saw a cadaver and held a heart brain lungs and knee lol
"livin' it up in the dorm life   raves, toga parties, rodeo, and more raves   parrrty! haha"
holy shit i passed my ap euro test!!   i've got 5 college credits already lol!!
tree just fell in my back yard!!!
"you will fail, laugh, and cry, but remember in the end things always have a way of working their selves out and you will be just fine "
going to alaska!!!  laugh 
"whales are beautiful, majestic creatures  smile "
back in florida!!!!!!!
http annoyed  www formspring me maddiegr
time flies when your havin fun
shit i'm gonna pass out i'm on the verge of collapsing lol i cant move and can barely walk lol
1  solito  2  evans 3  mcnealy 4 killian 5  peace 6  eubanks
"pretty good 1st day, i can't complain to much lol"
holy shit almost fell on my head on the fuckin board!!!
i don't need to pretend that airplanes are like shooting stars  love 
i get a car!!!!!
every second of everyday day  love 
dive meet 2maro!!  smile 
rock gym  smile 
my moms in the hospital and has to have surgery tomorrow!!!  sad 
moms surgery went well and my dad went to pick her up from the hospital  smile 
"to get what you have never had, you must do what you have never done "
i can't do this!!!!!
top diver for ghs!!!!  smile 
dive meet went well  smile    funniest time ever  wink  lmao
awww poor ember fell in the pool  sad 
deep in thought  love 
ugh i've had a headache for like 4 days now!!  sad  i have never had a headache last more than a day before
http annoyed  www formspring me maddiegr
the school weeks just get longer and longer  annoyed 
i'm in the newspaper for diving! cool  smile 
my 1st 11 dive meet this morning!   too bad the suns not up its gonna be freezing!
2nd place but i did horrible for me compared to usual  sad 
sick  sad 
one more day
i gotta get outa here
10:10 10 10 10
everything hurts  crying 
long weekend in stuart   just what i needed  smile    thanks for making it even more fun by coming with us <propfirst> caton  love 
http annoyed  www formspring me maddiegr
happy birthday dad!!  smile    everyone woke up to make my dad his birthday breakfast to start out the day  smile  lol
"<propfemale> sick of all this homework i have to catch up on all due 2maro, theres no way im gonna finish   missing a week of skool bc u have a fever for a whole week sucks  sad "
shield or vulnerability?
districts today
made regionals  smile 
fml!!!!!!!!
"done with regionals!!!   mental and physically exhausted for months now   i'm finally home!!!   going to bed now, goodnight world"
i can't stand this anymore i gotta get out of here but that would cause more issues   im just trapped either way
   at least its friday  smile 
i really hate this essay topic!!
http annoyed  www formspring me maddiegr
home  smile 
went to my 1st college football game yesterday with my bf <propfirst> caton  and the gators won!!  smile    best 1st game  smile 
"\i'm watching you <propfirst> wizowski\""\",11887e2a00331ddb383feb89e2651bdb,"driving to north <propfemale> to see my grandparent, aunt, uncle, and 3 cousins  smile "
finally home   
i hate hickups!!  playful 
ahhh why not? http annoyed  www formspring me maddiegr
nap time good night world  smile 
wedding  smile 
one of the hardest decisions i've ever had to make  sad 
officially a retired gymnast  sad 
finally a new phone that doesn't turn off unless i push the off button!! lol
"even when there is a break, there isn't a break  sad "
our oven just caught on fire!!!!!!
<propfirst> was here
why did i think today would be nicer? nope! just another average day
flips   thats how i roll  wink 
why is it sooo coolld?? its even freezing inside my house!!!
the <propfemale> dragon tomorrow!!  laugh 
2 to go  smile 
stupid essay   grow up and learn how to write urself
does the rhetorical device essay have to have a conclusion?
thank you for the birthday wishes guys  smile 
im going to new york city!!!!  smile 
it's snowing  smile 
i saw lion <propmale> on broadway lol   it was amazing!!!!!
i've been very productive today smile  which means i get to go to <propfirst> caton's house 2maro night  smile 
pretty good day  smile 
"beautiful morning  smile  watched thousands of sandhill cranes fly over our house heading north today, finish the act then going on on hike with my mom and sis  smile "
road on a dirt bike with <propfirst> caton and held a baby squirrel   soo cute!!!  love 
perfect night last night  love    thank you for making it that much better <propfirst> caton  smile 
<propfemale>  smile 
universal with montenique woodard joy hooper and bresha trackoholic <propfirst> then <propmale> with <propfirst> caton   smile 
"in stuart   yesterday: jetskiing, boat, got pulled on the super <propfemale> raft, shop<propfemale>, out to dinner, then out for ice cream  smile    today: walk on the beach, splashed by waves, out to lunch, <propfemale> pong at the pool, put put golf, golf for my first time ever an i was really good lol, back at the house now  smile "
on the road headed home
home  smile 
why does school have to come back so soon?   annoyed 
"powers out, schools gonna be a fricken flood, rents won't let me stay home  annoyed "
