994395b021f1f2172c0fec0bc06041a4
bored  going back to school soon! ugh! noooooooo!
cookies and milk  yum!
"eating lucky charms, watching yogi bear, and tryna figure out how to get the info for ga cheerleading"
need to find a way to get the cheerleading info
birthday tommorow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i need a green shirt though!
have almost enough money for the env 3! should i get it!? dont wanna be a phone copier! although thats why theyre made so everyone can get it 
b-day!
waiting to go to <propmale>'s graduation! then mine tommorow!
finally graduated!!!!!!!! congrats everyone! whooooooooo class of 09!
at <propfemale>'s  waiting to find out if i can sleep over!
finally home! for some reason ive been texting lawlah all day  literally  welll im bored text me!!!!!!!!!!
gooing to sleeep since theres nothing to do and no one to text other than lawlah  so yeah text me and ill answer      !night
ummmm today was good  need to find new ppl to text
oh look i suddenly have plans for tommorow! yay!
bored nothing to do on this  so im gonna get off!     text it!
got nothing to do until later now cuz steph has some graduation to go to 
im soooooooooo bored
gonna go get ready to hopefully leave later! text it!
i am mad bored!!!!!!!
i  love  this song!
i  love  singing
jammin to some <propfirst> <propmale>
<propfirst> brown- december 25 aaliyah- august 25 left eye- april 25 <propfirst> <propmale>- june 25 thats crazy all those deaths on the 25th!
bored! i should probably go to sleep for my party but i dont want to!
hahahhaha i can read twilight for my summer reading! haha i should just separate it into to sections and write! i dont need to read it for a 7th time!
*this beat is sick i want to take a ride on your disco stick!* i heart that part of the song!
immma be up allll night watching my windows now! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"bored          sigh  who to text, who to text?!"
omg im boreddddd!
this movie is terrible! i need somthing to do while i make this bracelet thingy
watching make it or break it on youtube!
make it or break it  is such a good show! but ummmmm yeah    gotta go get a relaxer  text it!
i gottta perm yay! my hair is gonna be alll straight and what not now!  yayayayayaayyaay!  smile 
i gottta go wash this stufff out my hair now its been like and hour and a half!
mad bored!
bored! probably going to ga on the 20th 
10 days left! maybe!
im guessing <propfirst> is refusing to let me move to <propfemale>! hahahah hes funny 
absolutley noooooooooooooo one toooo text! ugh 
hungry but nooooo some ppl dont really care as long as they can get a goood laugh about it       
at this bbq bored! text it
bored no onnnne to text stilll! sigh 
i want a new phone! but i want the touch pro 2! its is sooooooo great ugh i might just have to wait for that 
<propfirst> <propmale>'s ghost!!!!!!!!!!! gasp!
bored man! there is nothing to do!
here bored  stillll no texts! ugh i have got issues with that 
mmmmmmm-k wellll i have absolutlety nothing to do! and this is gonna be like the gizzilionth time saying this but text me  plz  ugh!
lasagna yay!!!!!!!!!!!
crazy-ness man!!!!!!!
getting off! text if u wanna talk 
still alittle annoyed   
na na na na  na na na na  hey hey hey  gooooodbye !
ughhh 
does it even matter! im moving anyway   crying  i guess everything happens for a reason              
like i said it obviously doesnt matter  im just moving on  literally 
"\but somewhere we went wrong we were once soooo strong      \"" demi lovato is great! she speaks the truth """
"\i throw all of your stuff away  then i clear you out of my head  i tear you out of my heart  and ignore all your messages  i tell everyone we are through  cause i'm so much better without you  but it's just another pretty lie  cause i break down  everyti"""
"\ever since you left i've been a mess (you won't answer your phone) i'll say it once and i'll leave you alone but i gotta let you know  i wanna get back to the old days when the phone would ring and i knew it was you\"" demi lovato !"""
yeah i think i should stop quoting demi lovato it's just making it worse!
uhhhhhhhhhhh im bored  gosh darn it      one fine day we'll meet once more and then you'll want the love you threw away before one fine day your gonna want me for your girl     i dont even know who sings that! haha but its a good song to sing!
2 hours and 20 minutes !!!!!!! jesus it feels like only 5 minutes have passed since     then        
gonna get off    haha i bet i get up tommorow and count the hours again!  annoyed  sigh   
bored  gonna <propfemale> wit <propfirst> and <propfirst> !
bored  text 
summer of loss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is anyone else have a \dandy\"" summer just like me!?!"""
nothing to do  no one to talk to  text me 
omgeee maybelline makes vibrating mascara! gasp! i want it!
looking at clothes and shoes for school is funn!!!!!!!! yay!
should i change m style next year? hmmmmm      and what are ramen noodles?!
i need to go to barnes and <propmale> and get a book    or two  occupy myself!
tape msures are fun to play with! except for that one time i accidentally cut my finger! it kinda hurt 
"hmmmmmmm          i wonder what i shoud say, when i should say it, and how im going to say it "
yeah     im bored    text it    i wont be sleeping for like the next 2-3 hours anywayz 
internets bak yay!!!!!!!!!!
figuring out how to use stickam   oh joy 
have to make a new stickam! ugh
sigh   no ones on!
i guess they were right it is quite stupid!    
i'm supposed to be packing but i really dont want too! ugh!
bored     and im hungry! yay cheezits! haha text it!  smile 
offffffff to <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    this is gonna be a long ride!!!! text me plz  i need some form of entertainment!  love 
a computer finally!!!!! but im bored!  love  *
i havve to get off now ugh!!!!!!!!! text me!!!!!!!!  love 
"right handed people live, on average,  nine years longer that left-handed people  haha that sucks!"
oh joy slumber party!!!!!!!! wooooooooooooooooo! haha text it!
going home today!!!!!!!!yess!!!!!!!!
nothing to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sigh  im guess i should try to sleep! text it 
boreddddddddddddddddddddd
just downloaded firfox 
shower then hanging with steph    maybe <propfirst> later?
home with steph wath make it or break it  then dinner! yum
watching*
make it or break it was amazing!!!!!!!!!1 haha! dinner with steph text it!!!!
sigh!!! soooooooooooooo boreddd! text it! plz 
bored!       11 days left!!!!!!!!!
"\you'll change inside when you realize the world comes to life and everything's right from beginning to end when you have a friend by your side that helps you to find the beauty of all when you'll open your heart and believe in the gift of a friend\"" demi """
tryna learn how to jerk! (its a dance)
ummmmm some of <propfirst> miller's remind me of that little cat boy in the grudge
bored  hanging with <propfirst> and <propfirst> tomorrow or today w e ! text it
boreddd! text it!
just got home from <propfemale> garden! 9 days left! sigh 
bobbys suddenly not going to disney! muahahahahhaha!
bored!!!!!!!! nothing to do! text it!
bored bored bored nothin to do ! text me !
had fun with <propfirst> and steph today but now im bored  text it 
nothing to do  text it
barnes and <propmale> tomorrow!!!!!!! yay! text it!!!!!!!!!!
im gonna go shopping on the internet with my visa gift card! yay! (thanx for telling me <propfirst>!)
im bored! im gonna go read! text it!
bla bla! omg tomorrow is my last day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sigh 
does everyone have to go on vacation or whatever right before i leave! ugh i cant even say bye in person! sigh
leaving in about 3 hours!  sigh 
an hour or two to go!
i misss jersey! but im liking georgia   alittle
school  ugh  text me!
im bored someone text me!
im wannna go home!!!!!!!!!!!!!  crying 
bored someone send me one of those facebooky imy thingys!
going to sleeeeep! nighty night
i fell asleep woooops!
i  love  demi lovato! i love singing her songs!
boreddddddddddddddd text me!
stilllllllllll bored! sigh text me
spectacular!
 smile !
i miss you i miss your smile and i still shed a tear every once in a while and even though it's different now you're still here somehow my heart won't let you go and i need you to know i miss you sha-la-la-la-la i miss you jersey people!  crying 
homework and the halloween! yay <propfirst> myers!
the final destination 3d im sooooooooooooooooooooo excited!
kinda mad right now! i mean you think u have an actually good friend and then u move and everything changes! wow  w e  life goes on 
i need to go to jersey  gets some things straightened out 
darn <propfirst> got me hooked on asian pop music
why is this facebook being retarded! ugh!
im bored some text me or send me a message!
im bored now!!!!!! ugh
bored out of my mind! someone talk to me plz 
absolutley nothing to do on here!
bored still  text me!
i bored  omg its almost time to watch my movie!
my movies starting!
bored  text me!
omg i might die from this wait for new <propfemale>! ahhhhhhhhhhhh  im soooo excited
bored  if ya need me text me  or just text me becuz you want too!
bored bored bored!  text me 
bippidy blah blah  i hate being bored its soooooo bleh 
what should i sing tommorow for m u s e auditions!? ahhhhh
bored! and stilll cant think of a song! sigh! 
i'm hungry!
need food     ! bleh 
bored!
bored! there's  like nothing to do! and im cold!
tired! i might go to sleep!
ba ba ba boredd! hehe!  smile 
sigh  some peopel just get on my nerves!
helllo stanhope! yay glad to be back!
last day wit the stanhope peeps!  crying 
bored! dont wanna leave!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh  i have to go back to <propfemale> today!  crying 
still in new jersey! hehehe!  smile  leaving tommorow morning!
soooooooooooooooooooo bored!!!!!!! text me!
homework!!!!! ugh! i'm tired!
bored! text me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bored!
homework! text me!
i love nigahiga  ahahah
vampire diaries!!!!!! text me!
homecoming game! text me!
bored
getting my hair done! text me
kinda bored!
time to try and sleep! night peeps!
glee soon!  smile 
bored! text me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
soooooooo bored no one to talk to ! text me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bored someone message or text me!
sigh im bored text me!
why doesnt facebook have a dislke option! i'm not gonna like everything and maybe i wanna let that person know i dont like there post without having to comment it ansd say: dislike 
<propfirst> <propmale>  is awesome!!!! yay pink cow!  smile 
bored nothing to do!
night!!!!!!!!  love 
glee!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!
bored!!!! text me or message me!
boreeeeeedddddddddddd!!!!!!
bored! gonna watch tv  text me!!!!!!!!
soooooooooooooo cold!
bored!
bored! text me! or msg me!
i have nothing to do! i'm sooooooooooooooo bored!!!!
got my book yay!
i  love  vampire diaries!!!!!!!!!  smile 
im ohhhhhhhhhhhhh sooooo tired!
sooooo bored!
bored  tired  text me!
reading and then sleeping! text me 
i wish i could tag the same person more than once on my pics!
<propfirst> <propmale> is such a bum! i have soooooooooooooo many notifications right now! urg you!  smile   love 
i have nooooooo clue why i join these groups when i know i could care less about them!
it is still raining! it's been raining since this morning! its crazy    but i love it!  love 
oh according to <propmale> moodie its raining alot becuz there is a hurricane and we are getting a little of it   
soooooooooooooooooo bored!
theres a meteor shower tonight! cool!
vampire diaries!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!! i  love  the vampire diaries such a great show!
im bored  and i'm tired  i need to go to sleep 
my facebook is being really slow!
new <propfemale> was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just got bored and joined 215 <propfirst> lautner groups!!!!!!! all in less that 10 mins!!!
hey hey hey hey <propfirst> supposedly only you can seee this maybe its true maybe its not   oh well
bored! text me!    or message!
"i just looked threw alot of \i hate\"" groups but i couldnt find one: \""i hate when i'm in a good mood talking to someone and they're in a bad mood and just give you one word answers and then sign off in the middle of the conversation \"" couldnt find that sadly """
bored and i have nooo school tommorow! i shouldn't be sleeping anytime <propfemale>n <propfemale> text me!  love 
oh soooooo bored! what is there to do at 1:26am!?
<propfemale> christmas!
fun christmas! i'm bored now though  smile  text me!
happy new years everyone!!!
sooooooooo bored!!!!! what is there to do at 3 surprise 5 in the morning!
urg  school tomorrow!
oh sooooo bored!
omg its actually snowing!    well kinda 
just got a webcam! yay!
man i cant stand it when you think you have a best friend and then you move and they act like you never existed  i mean how can you truly be friends with someone and then just forget about them  especially if it was for almost 8 years  sigh    
so yeah my school is having a <propfemale> hawkins dance   to me its just a regular dance cuz im sooo not gonna ask anyone 
"stanhope, new jersey!!!!!! yay!  smile "
bored   text me 
im sooooooooooo bored! text me or messgae me! plz!
bored  i need to go to barnes and <propmale> and get a book!
okay so apparently facebook got a new layout but yet my <propfemale> hasnt changed and i dont know why or how to change it!
on stickam with steph
sooooooo bored ugh darn superbowl   text me!  smile 
my homepage finally changed!!!!!!!!!!!!
soooo bored man! text me!
good day!  smile  text me
"watching \percy <propmale> & the olympians the lightning thief\"" its really good sooo far!"""
ugh doing this research stuff for la  psh ive been on the same article for an hour! omg this is terrible!
watching the <propfemale> show   smile  i used to love this show!
sooooooooooooo bored  text me!
bored  abdc at 10!  love 
it sooooooooooo nice outside! i might go for a walk    but then again maybe not  text me!  love 
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
"the difference between school and life? in school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test  in life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson "
tonight was fun    i guess  i dont know what im gonna do now though but oh well  smile   love 
just like balled my eyes out after watching <propfemale>  smh  why'd she have to die!
happy easter people!
omg i think i might die from heat stroke in this house!
going to jersey in the morning! yay! cant wait 
nothing to do  text or message me  love 
"when we judge or criticize another person, it says nothing about that person; it merely says something about our own need to be critical "
i'm so bored in this car  text me 
i hate it when people judge you by talking to you one time as if they suddenly know everything about you 
getting ready then with <propfirst> <propmale> and whoever else i just sooo happen to see 
nothing to do maybe illl go ready a book or something 
"just woke up  i think im suppose to be getting ready, but i dont feel like it "
goin to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> gallego and who ever else is there  text me 
had fun with <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> gallego today   i dont know what i'm gonna do when they are at school tomorrow though 
sooooooooo bored   text me  love 
bored  text me  love 
on my way back to <propfemale>  text me   love 
back home  going to eat at keyana's house 
"school tomorrow, ugh "
watching undercover brother and reading to kill a mockingbird  text me  love 
"sooo tired, about to go to sleep after south park "
watching bleach  love 
bored  gotta do my spanish project now  text me 
watching nightmare on elm street with <propmale> moodie ! yay!  love  text me
watching ninja assassin with my family  love  text me
watching bleach: memories of noboby  text me  love 
ha today was a really good day!  smile   love 
had a really good day and now i'm gonna go read or something  text me  love 
on my way home from keyana's graduation! text me   love 
bored  might go read or watch bleach!  love 
watching bleach: the <propfemale> dust rebellion  text or msg me  love 
watching naruto! text me  love 
just got home a little while ago  the parties where fun     smile  ha yeah <propfemale> text me  love 
just got back from keyana and danisha's party and it turned out pretty good  wink   love 
going to the pool with keyana! text me  love 
watching naruto  text me  love 
"gonna go to sleep now, i wish i had a book to read instead though!"
"watching dragon ball z with <propmale> then reading my new book, burned! text me  love "
omg its raining sooo hard! i really wanna go for a walk now! i love the rain!  smile   love 
went swimming with keyana watts today! and then came bak to my house! fun times!  smile   love 
bored at home! text me   love 
watching pretty little liars! text me   love 
yay its finally my b-day!!!!!!!!!!!!! but idk what imma dooo today      smile   love 
time to go read since my internet wont load the <propfemale> so i can watch naruto sigh  crying   oh well!  smile 
nothing to do!!!!!!!!!!!!! sooooo i'm just gonna read!  smile   love 
chillin with <propmale>  had a great weekend with the fam!  smile  text me   love 
soooooooooooooooo bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pretty little liars!  smile    love 
got my schedule! yay  smile 
jersey!  smile  text me  love 
stanhope!!!   love 
bored! text me  love 
kinda bored   text me  love 
car ride to ac with <propfirst>! text me  love 
car ride back to stanhope with <propfirst> 
watching naruto!  smile  text me  love 
okay well i'm bored sooo lets see how this works    like this status and ill tell you what i like about you 
daily boothing the night away  smile 
going back to <propfemale> in a couple days! i need to do something before i leave 
sooo today was good  i went to the mall and finally got my frappacino and then saw some ppl but thats w e  then went to the movies and saw dispicable me! that movie was good  smile  guess it was a good last day in stanhope  smile   love 
"okay, soooooo i'm finally going back to <propfemale>   i'm gonna miss stanhope!!!!!!!!!!  smile   love "
so bored  text me  love 
reading   love 
babysitting <propmale>
with my brother! text me!  smile   love 
 crying 
crazyyyyyyy morning!!! im soooo tireddd though!!
school monday  and my sleeping schedule is soooo messed up sooo im gonna try to sleep now   smile 
pretty little liars and then make it or break it!!!! yay!!!!  smile   love 
really really good day so far!  smile 
shower then jersey shore!! text me  smile 
yay friday!!!
bored  text me
fun time with the family at movies and walmart
"school, ugh "
secret life! text 
random people at chic-fil-a    smile     love 
i kinda wanna watch a movie 
ugh! ap world history!  annoyed 
ohhh sooo tired!
ugh!
i wanna go to barnes and <propmale>!!!!!  smile 
mann i really wanted to go to barnes and <propmale>!!!  crying 
bored 
got my puppy  now out for keyana's birthday!  smile    love 
hanging with the fam   text me  love 
i have no clue what to do today!!! i'll probably just read  smile   love 
sooooo i guess i'm watching football today       
naruto shippuden!  smile   love  text me 
reading  text me  love 
i'm oh sooo tired!!!!!
stanhope!!!!!!!!!!!!
pretty good day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   love 
cleaning and then idk    text me  love 
rain!  smile   love 
sooooooo tired! game was fun last night though!!!! now i have to go get my hair done for homecoming!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  text me!
tired 
went to barnes and <propmale>! yay new book!   love 
ahahaha! omg funny times with <propmale>  smile   love 
i think i wanna go to netherworld   
vampire diaries!   love 
chocolate milkshake! mmmm!  smile 
well the party last night was fun! and tonight i think i'm watching movies with <propmale> <propfemale> yeah    
i really dont feel like typing this paper     
kinda bored   
watching kekkaishi!!!!! text me  smile   love 
"wow, some people are just sooo stupid "
i just had such a nice sleep!  smile 
bored! idk what i'm going to do today!
fun night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   smile   love 
no school for me today    oh welll  smile 
vampire diaries  smile    love 
what will i do today?   
homework  text me  love 
<propfemale> paxton on her16th b-day was lucky enough to get hit by a door   love  bahaha happy birthday <propfemale>!  love 
no school for a week  yay
chilling with <propfemale> harper
nooooo school!!!!!!!!!! yay!  smile   love 
oh soooo bored!
happy thanksgiving people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   love 
fun day!!!! soooo glad <propfirst> moodie and <propfirst> came and surprised us!!!!!  smile   love 
the columbian exchange is a terrible book! it's sooooo boring 
such a fun party!!!!!!  laugh   love 
such a boring day at school! ahhhh i miss <propfemale> harper!!!!!!!!!
oh sooo bored! i have noooo clue what imma do this weekend!
i love all these cartoons!  smile   love 
"sigh, people now a days  anyways i'm really bored!  text me"
guess i'll be doing nothing today  oh well!
soooo tired!!!!!!
just watched marley and me and like balled my eyes out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  crying 
shower  then idk   
sooooo bored
i just found out that the dude in ninja assassin is a korean singer!!!! i absolutley love him!!!  love 
oh sooooo bored!
i feel soooo accomplished!!!!  love 
fried rice  yum  love 
i am soooo bored! some ppl are such bums 
guess its time to catch up on my glee!
shower then idk   
<propfemale> christmas people!!!!
mall  smile 
sigh 
school in the morning but i don't feel like sleeping   
good day!  smile 
bored 
i had nooooo clue jersey shore was on tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm excited!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   love 
friday!!!  love 
kinda bored now   
crazy day!   
ugh 
what am i going to do today?!
guess i'll be staying home 
the game   love 
staying home  again
jersey shore!  love 
oh soooo bored 
i dont like boys anymore   so all boys please stay away
random  statues that i didn't post    okay then   
there is soooo much snow in jersey
last day in stanhope!!!
hmmm kinda bored  
vampire diaries  smile ! text me   love 
ahh i  love  pauly!!!
okeyyy movie is done  i need something to do!!!
bored!!!!!
finally finished my project!!!!!!!!!
ohhhhhh sooo bored!
bored
soooo bored!!! what am i gonna do today!!!
ugh  i need something to do!
breakfast!!  love 
there is absolutely nothing to do!!
an orange <propfemale>  love   smile 
valentines day     sigh
good day  smile 
finally finished alll my homework!!!! ugh sooo tired!!
naruto!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finally!!  love 
sooo tired
friday!!!!!!!  smile 
bored
soooooooooo bored!!!!!!!!
oh soooo bored!!!!
pretty little liars!!!  smile   love 
"the rock, the undertaker and triple h     smile   love "
such a nice dayy  smile 
soooooo uhhh there goes my texting     annoyed  sooo if ya need me call me!!
sooo tired
sooo bored!!!!
idk what to doo sooo i guess i'll just go to sleep!   
bored at home!!!  crying 
just woke up and keyana is making breakfast!!!  smile   love 
ugh    
ugh i really wish i could text right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yummy yummy dinner!  love 
sooooo tired
the parent trap!!!  love 
rain  love 
yay!!!  smile   love 
just finished watching rent  love 
bleach  love 
finally got my book!!!! yay  love 
boreddddd!!!!
sooooo bored
sigh   
watching alll the glee episodes i missed!!! text me
this whole time change thing is seriously messing with my schedule and what not!
soooooo bored 
i hope tomorrow is a good day!
today is going by sooo slow i swear!
blehhhh
"sighhhhhhh, my life    "
ha sooo stupid
what to do     
shower then idk   
what's the point of even trying 
sooooooooooo much tooo think about!!! ahhhh!!!
sooooo bored! text me!!!
just saw some lightning  smile   love 
crazy weather!
one more week until spring break! thank god!
"when someone hurts you, it just takes seconds to lose trust in them, and if you forgive them it takes a lifetime to rebuild that trust you once had in them   love "
"sometimes you forgive people not cause you can forget what they did, but because not having them in your life leaves an empty space that can never be forgotten!"
secret life then make it or break it!  smile 
sleeping sooo much today!  smile 
curry chicken for dinner!!!  smile  cant wait!  love 
soooo bored!
chemistry paper  oh joy   annoyed 
finished my chemistry paper and it wont print!! urg!!!!
sooooo tired
pizza!
bored 
this weekend went byyyyy kinda fast    
"they say if you love someone, set them free  does that mean if you hate someone, you should chain them up in your basement?"
