2497b747616e4344b1772c1d0b29b3a7
"i think taking advantage of a grown man wearing mittens is the moral equilavent of sucker punching an old, blind lady "
only 3 more days until the hospital tour   can't wait to see those severed limbs and the fetus in a jar! ewwww!!!
two more days 'til i go down <propfemale> morgue!
"snow day, snow day, snow day!!!"
"holy crap, i think my computer has tourettes!!"
i finally got done with all my homework! did it take anyone else 3 hours to wrap their mind around solving quadratic functions?!?! please tell me yes   
the kids in the hall: death comes to town is on in 2 hours!!!!! this going to be amazing!!!!
could i have possibly have been anymore of an ass?!
hospital practice interviews monday   kill me x_x
had fun with <propfemale> at the mall  people watching stalking is hilarious!
"holy crap, does everybody come on here at 9 o'clock?"
"death comes to town is on again tonight! yeah, kids in the hall!"
"wow, did i seriously just play bubbleshooter for an hour and a half?"
"i get to sleep in tomorrow, and it's animal farm friday? wow, dreams do come true!"
"what is on my mind? good question, facebook!"
"\this calls for a very special blend of psychology and extreme violence!\"" -vyvyan"""
"\only the cool kids go to tilt\"" lmao """
"life is full of mysteries  one of them being, how exactly did my brother learn the lyrics to wannabe by the spice girls????"
"ugh, i finished my school homework, but now i have 3 journals to do and a test to study for  fml   "
i can't tell you how many times word banks have saved my life 
"wow, the <propfemale> looks amazing tonight   "
"why am i getting friend requests from people who would never talk to me in person? well, nature of the beast i suppose "
my eyes are burning!!
"where's the holy hand grenade of antioch when you need it? \one   two   five!\"""""
"ah! why do i have the chorus to \buffalo stance\"" stuck in my head?!?!"""
i hate getting college pamphlets from places i don't have a <propmale> in hell of going!
is nervous about hosa  playful 
<propfirst> orwell's moustache makes me giggle  teehee 
chyeah! ghostbusters is on!
is listening to third eye blind  every song i play brings back memories  don't quite know if that's good or bad 
"i'd do anything right now to be able to lay in the grass on a warm, <propfemale> day   "
i just built a lego castle with a drawbridge   this is going to be a long weekend  playful 
[insert relevent song lyric here]
"does anybody else have that fantasy where they're screaming karyoke of \leaving on a jet plane\"" with their arm wrapped around their best friend? no? ok   me neither   """
soy <propfemale> perdedor
"but puzzled so it makes you sick  your diary's looking like the bible, with its verses lost in time  lost in meaning to the people who surround you, it's a crying shame, you know it's a crying shame "
"just got my glasses  i can see better, but it feels like i stepped into the 8th demention  weird "
there must be someone out there who hates bon jovie and journey as much as i do  there just has to be!
"\they're giving us a much safer nation! their eerie lack of skin pigmentation is filling bad guys up with remorse   it's the pale force!!\"""""
"antique browsing with monka tomorrow? oh, hell yeah!"
"i heard somebody as the word \skeeze\"" today for the first time in years  that made my day  laugh """
stomach   cramping   must   curl up in a ball   death near   noooooo
isn't it depressing to know that all of this amazing weather will go down the drain this weekend?
"today i went on a 1960's french movie binge that ended with me cutting my own bangs in the bathroom to look like <propfemale> <propfemale>'s  so, i'd say my day was pretty average "
"after 11 hours of feeling nothing but embarassment, i'm finding it really hard to feel anything anymore  i don't know why people need to use their superiority to purposly make you feel like a piece of trash  great job! i'm sure you feel a whole lot better about yourself now!"
get out of my head <propfirst> bowie  i mean it this time 
sven lives!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"\and how much did you spend on your black leather jacket? is it you or your parents in this income tax bracket?\"" -cake"""
"\i don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the e playful erience of being alive \"" -<propfirst> campbell"""
"i hate it when i like a song, then i find out it's about something horrible  now i feel like a jerk  thanks a lot boomtown rats  sad "
"\cocaine is like really evil coffee \"""""
is feeling like riff <propmale> today  if only the ramones would pop by and sing songs to me 
"i'm probably the most confused i've ever been  i should be sad, but i'm not  i should be listening to the smiths, but i'm not  instead i keep playing 12:51 by the strokes  emotions are weird "
what happened to bands like the <propfemale> underground? i might like society more if there were more like them   playful 
   nothing feels right 
"topic for research paper: check  kick ass essay grade: accomplished  no homework  wow  now, i have nothing to do but wait for that <propfirst> mcveigh documentary   my life is boring  playful "
keeper of the carts! chief of concessions! dispenser of coins!
my head head is throbbing and i'm irritated  why is it only wednesday?!?!
"?these are the daves i know, i know  these are the daves i know?"
i'm scared  i hate the dentist 
"i was this close to buying a dress today, but i chickened out  i make a horrible girl   annoyed "
"dear <propfirst> mcrea, please take off your hat  i know you think it's cool, and you've had a hat during every performance, video, and interview since '93, but i really need to know if you have hair  best regards, <propfemale> "
i'm so ridiculously over this stupid heat rash! it stings and keeps bleeding when i bend my arm  arghh!!
"\i know you! you're karim <propmale> jabbar!   \"""""
had fun acting out <propmale> python skits in english   instead of doing my research paper  whoops 
"i'm so excited for tomorrow it's not even funny! i've needed a \svix\"" for a while now """
"now i'm sick, just in time for the weekend  how wonderful   annoyed "
i'm really sick of waiting around for stuff to come along  you don't know how happy i'd be if next month a band comes along that makes me want to listen to the radio  music revolution anyone?
i did my report! success!!!
"sven spotting! state street! winter coat!! wtf?!?! <propfemale>, you are my hero "
it's bothering me that i still don't know who yelled my name in the parking lot yesterday  playful 
"why won't something, no, anything, happen?"
i don't care  i ? oasis 
i quite enjoyed my hour as an artist's model  i do believe i have found my calling 
i have central heterochromia  you learn something new everyday 
gross! i got a sunburn on my oven burn   this means like 2x the peeling 
"i love you, awkwardfamilyphotos com"
"\life is simple  it's just not easy \"""""
today  was  amazing   laugh 
"well   this didn't turn out how i wanted it to  but the x-files is on and i have something to look forward to  oh, and i'm now a senior   i guess that's ok "
i feel amazingly ridiculously happy about everything and everyone!!  laugh 
why can't the new cake cd come out nnnoooowwww!!!
"so far, i am really really really looking forward to wednesday   and saturday   laugh "
all i can say is i'm sorry 
"i am relieved about a million different things right now  i did my job, now i'm just happy "
"yes, <propfirst>'s coming over to play board games with me! i hope he's aware i'm a battleship champion  then again, i want to see his face when i win "
"well i've got absolutely nothing to do for the next week  yay, boredom has come to visit me again "
lonely
woah! i'm a darker shade of pale right now  right on 
i miss you  come back home! who am i supposed to make an epicenter with?!
"someday i'm going to have a <propmale> hanks movie marathon  man, i love the movie \big\"" """
i've come to the conclusion that sunday will never get here  i hate waiting!
"i had so much fun on my first boat trip yesterday  even though we hit a wake and my spine is killing me  but i'm not paralyzed, so it's all good  now i'm going up north  hizzah!"
[insert status update here]
i hate having to redye my hair  my scalp! it burrrnnss just thinking about it!!
"how can you possibly be this hard to say goodbye to, even though i know i'll see you again? my brain hurts  everything hurts "
"how come this week i've heard the song \modern love\"" by <propfirst> bowie everytime i turn on my radio?!"""
i hate how this day hasn't been going right
toy story 3 was pretty damn deep and dark for a kid's movie  i think i just had some sort of life crisis by watching it  i wanted to bawl my eyes out 
"must fight the urge to listen to cheesy, early depeche mode songs  must  fight  aw, nevermind  i can't deny <propmale> gahan and his leather trousers  smile "
had fun playing laire with <propfirst> in his backyard last night  laugh  twas amaaazing!!
i can't dive to the bottom of a pool for the life of me  i'm only kind of ashamed of this fact  i mean it's not a life skill   right? right?!
"my head hurts and my sunburn is killing me  eh, could be worse "
i'm trying very hard to embrace my natural hair texture  if only i could figure out how to manage the damned wavy-ness! raahhh!
"it's always odd when somebody said that you were in a dream of their's, especially when you acted like a jerk  playful "
i ? houghton mi
"the perfect tlc show would be the story of two midgets who have a lavished wedding, then a year later find out that they are pregnant with octuplets  eh, i'd watch it "
"only a few more days  i think i can stand it, but i'm not so sure anymore  annoyed "
i think my thigh is becoming immune to my phone vibrating  uh oh 
"hi, i'm <propfemale>  i'm a birth survivor "
there's no greater feeling on earth than to look up at the stars with somebody you care about and talk until 5 in the morning about anything that comes to mind  smile 
"had fun at standish, but i think i left most of my stuff in the camper  uh oh "
dear god i'm amazing at guesstures  take that <propfirst> and <propfirst>!!! victory!!!
two dumb things people do on facebook: 1) posting their phone <propfirst> in conversations on people's walls  i swear to god i will prank phone call all of you one day  and 2) being underage and posting pictures with beer cans in your hands with the label oh so proudly displayed  people are a trip  ah!!
waiting   waiting   still waiting   ahh!!
hot tub time machine!!! lougle!!! <propfirst> cusack!!! ahhh!!!
i just realized he's my own personal <propmale> dobler ?
"who has 2 thumbs and is dating someone who turns up \girl's just wanna have fun\"" when it comes on the car radio and bounces around in his seat?   me!! ???"""
oh-no it's that time of year again when my friends go to band camp for a week and i'm all alone  sad 
yes!!! they're starting to play freaks and geeks on ifc  there is a god  laugh 
"i quite enjoy \good night\"" text messages  smile """
nothing like observing people at the mall to make you lose any and all faith in humanity  good job society  smile 
"enjoyed surprising her friends at band camp  twas a gift only money can buy! (seriously, there's a meet-and-greet fee of $10 (plus a 200% sales tax), check and money orders are accepted)  pay up people!!!   yes that means you!!!"
it's just a smiths kind of day today
\i hate the stars because i look at the same ones you do," without you\""\"2497b747616e4344b1772c1d0b29b3a7,"i don't know why i keep watching \the painted veil\""  the story never changes and i cry just as hard every time  how terribly depressing """
"i need to see dinner for schmucks  rudd, <propmale>, carrell, and galifianakis?! tis' a dream team!"
it feels like 2 months going on 3 years   and i mean that in the best possible way  laugh 
"hey, mr  <propfemale> recruiter do you mind not calling me at 8 in the morning  thank you!"
rip spazzy the fish   rip
i had a dream last night that i was one of the people in the auditorium at the end of the movie <propfemale>  i now have a reason not to go to prom 
camping this weekend  smile 
getting my senior pictures tomorrow  i don't think i've felt this terrified in a long time  oh no!
i'm ready for fall weather  ahhh sweaters  smile 
"school, oh how i hate thee this trimester  sad "
is it friday yet?
"holy crap, my head is pounding  sad \it's funny how things can change for the absolute worse in a matter of hours "
i love using word associations when studying  smile 
i need hot soup and some cold medicine on a day like this  sad 
"my \romantic\"" dinner of ravioli and apple juice was just ruined by <propfirst>'s cat pooping in the other room   yay for kitties!!!!!"""
"god i feel so invisible right now, this is a wonderful start to the week "
"\they're over the <propfemale> when i <propmale> pantaloons\""\",2497b747616e4344b1772c1d0b29b3a7,can't wait to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> tomorrow  smile 
"i got everything i need for homecoming with the ever so wonderful <propfemale> today  now all i have to do is sit back and relax \ smile "
<propfirst>'s hoodies will always seem warmer and more comfortable than any of mine ever will  this fact saddens me 
"jealousy is rearing its head, and i can't help it  i hate when life is like this!"
i have to dye my hair again  oh what joy  i love it when my scalp feels itchy for  20 minutes  playful 
oh sheesh ya'll  twas a dream 
"gah, i lost my cool card! again!! \ sad "
"homecoming tomorrow  i'm nervous, but excited  hopefully, all goes well "
slow dances are nice 
"\you're gonna wake up in a smoothie!\"""""
some members of the female sex annoy me and i believe they always will 
oh of course you text back whenever i leave the room  playful 
"i hate when you look in the mirror and realize, once and for all, that you may be in the running for the palest being on earth "
halloween halloween halloween  laugh 
"gots me a date today  smile \tis long overdue may i say "
"stupid brain, stop thinking!"
i wish i knew how to ice skate
i have a ridiculously strong craving for popcorn flavored jelly beans  i don't know how to feel about his  annoyed 
flailing my arms around madly to the backstreet boys was not exactly how i planned to spend my wednesday night 
all of this feels so surreal  i can't think right now  i feel sick to my stomach and shocked 
"\cause they'll market this song to you impressionable and insecure teenage girls 'cause all they gotta do is find a sexually attractive man that can sing all the words\""---pop song  smile """
got my svsu acceptance letter  yay  smile 
i want <propfirst> bowie for christmas   and boots 
i totally forgot how much i loved clueless until now  smile 
girls at the mall all look the same  playful 
stag weekend for me  sad 
i only want to be <propfirst> nicks  is that too much to ask for?
sledding  smile 
crisis averted  smile 
"this week <propfirst> finally realized that guy from the sandlot was blind   and black, i got lost in the sears in saginaw, and i conquered my apprehension toward escalators  i feel accomplished  smile "
