553f3f044232f3d290e1fbe2f1607bf9
hitman is an awesome movie
sleepy time
cant focus
have to much free time
need a nap
cant sleep!
good night san <propmale>
fucking sore
fucking tired!
r i p  <propmale>
what we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal  <propfirst> pike
<propfemale> time
r i p    <propmale>
vuoi scoparmi?
impressed by gregs impact on everyone  keep smileing and laughing r i p 
"what\we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for\others and the world remains and is immortal  <propfirst> pike"
good night san <propmale>
hate headaches    time for a nap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
homework time
sweaty balls and bull shitting an essay dont go well!
essay time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
brain fart!
finish my essay!!!!!!!!!!!! time to party tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
might go to italy in october! good night san <propmale>
nap time! shower time! then party time!
fell asleep feeling amazing woke up not so awesome
time to munch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
drum videos on youtube are fucking amazing
gym  then free time    what to do?
cant wait for gradnite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
45 days till pure awesomeness!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shower time
wtf is the point of poking someone 
i get distracted to easliy
brainwashed by techno fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> bowl!  good night
need a job!
good night
fuck school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ready for life!!!!!!!!!!!!!
free time! what to do?
"prom! gradnite! critical mass! graduation! six flags! edc! then life!!!!!!!! \i have a bad case of party mode\"" -burn magee"""
dont poke me assholes im ticlelish
<propfemale> bowl  good night
need to do something productive
need music on my itunes  whats good?
"suicide is man's way of telling god, \you can't fire me - i quit \""\",553f3f044232f3d290e1fbe2f1607bf9,want a argentine dogo
cant wait to graduate!!!!
whos down for the swap meet sunday? kobes of course
going to have an awesome weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!
full and sleepy! ready for prom!
saturday party! sunday tat! monday fishing! thursday gradnite! boner happy!
time to gt out of the casa  need some fresh air
party time! but sleep time first! good night san <propmale>
party time
people piss me off too easily 
poeple lag to much
i just saw all these pictures of me and dont remember any hahahahaha i love party mode!
need another great weekend already! gradnite 3 days! time to fuck shit up!
i need more music on my itunes  whats good  recommendations plaese!
went fishing and didnt catch a thing!
l a  fitness needs to be 24 7
fast fun four years! ready for gradnite!!!!!!!!! i want to do something epic with everyone from olympian  whos down?
night night san <propmale>!
schools done  say my final goodbyes then party hardy time!!!!!!!
im feeling bonkers! party mode!
time to party hardy!
fast ass four years!!!!!! gradnite was amazing!!!! whats next?
whens the next gradnite?
june 10th gradnite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
more sleep!
is it a full <propfemale> today?
gradnite round 2 then edc!!!! the work and school!!!!
time for a <propfemale> bowl! goodnight!
need a job!
productive
shower time
time to leave the casa!
mr  deeds is the shit
gradnite!
counting down!!!!!! yayo!!!!!!!!
hehe shabooty!
i just poked like 10 people  sorry your all hiv positive now!
summer!!!!! sssuuuuuwwoooooop!!!!
what time senior breakfest? someone who actually knows
forever young! goodnight!!!!!!!
nap time sounds perfect!
nap time was a success! now what
ready to look spiffy for tomorrow  i need something to do right now
graduation! woooooo party time!!!!
fuck high school! yay for yayo!
i want my fucking beenie back  damn you devore!!!!!
fuck high school they still have my fucking beenie! time to party hardy! yay yay yayo!!!!!!
now what   
yesterday was a good day  today will be just as awesome!
whats up with tonight?
any parties????
awake
happy as fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yahoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ive seen the sun go down and rise 3 days straight  man that fucks with your timing hahaha
the misfits always put me in a good mood
edc! and gradnite round two 
time for the gym  and maybe watch the sun rise again hmmmm
gradnite round 2!!!!!!!
can you delete people on facebook  im to stupid to figure it out
gym then time for a plan of attack!
i hate people that yell from cars even tho i do it at times!!!! oh <propfemale> your such a bitch!
good night !!!!
trust no one!
fuck my ankle!
time to be productive
13 days!
damn internet is going slow
my ninjas out of my house! will see for how long   
change of plans  going camping  shweet!!!!
productive day 
time to get shit done!
nap time  then southwestern then free time yay for yayo!
the only time of ther year i watch basketball  then gym then <propfemale> bowl
fuck technology!
no ninja = peaceful house
fucking bored!
hate waking up early!
today was a good day
drum circle then camping  sounds shweet
nap time then gym
basketball then gym 
blacks beach then camping yay for yayo!
what to do    what to do? drum circle hmmmm
i feel like an old fart when i have back pain!
fucking hungry
time for a <propfemale> bowl!
time for an adventure and time to kill a mountain lion with my bear hands!!!!!!!!!!!
lets party today!
being productive! ski woop to that!
time to dip set!
time for some exercise
what do you do on a tuesday ?
relaxing day and somewhat productive
my throat hurts fack!!!!!!
zzzzz zzzz z z z z zzzz z zz
fack fack fack!  i need a job
lingering headache fack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
time for a bike ride! and fuck you blazing sun!!!!!!!!!!
its hard to be productive when you dont have shit to do 
naps are to awesome but waking up hungry is fucking lame!
time to make some wonderful breakfest! ayo fo yayo!!!!!
"alright, already we'll all float on!"
its so nice i want to hear the same song twice
i feel like an old fart  damn back aches
full    and richy  go fuck yourself the food was amazing!
so does everyone go to scream for pictures? its hands down the gayest thing!    then p l u r  the next gayest! then <propfirst> simmons
today was a good day
a city of fools!
i don't wanna grow old!!!!!!
"mommy, can i go out and kill tonight!"
wrestling practice
superstylin'
time for an 8  hours power nap
fucking hungry!
nothing but sunshine 
today was a good day
time for a bike ride
pizza time yay
time for a bike ride  need some me time
ayo for yayo
yay for camping!
time for some fun time!
i had some bugged out dream that i was the devils sons    i was doing some ill shit! time to get out of the house
fuck flat tires!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what a buzz kill!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fixed my tire again    time for some fresh air camping wasnt enough!
school starts soon time for some responsibilities and me bitching about school 
school tomorrow but its cool cause i get to sleep in! fuck morning classes!
9 19 2010 skiwoop!
cant sleep! yay!
no school today yay! school tomorrow morning fuck!
hw yay
online applications are so stupid  you say no to one question then they ask the same question 1000 different ways!
time to make a delicious breakfast
free balling on a hot day is the way to go
"hw, school, gym then free time yay"
ive been tired all day and i got enough sleep and i ate well     what the fuck!
"gym, hw then free time"
went to the gym and had a good workout and all there is to eat is pizza wtf!!!!!
"college football is way more exciting than the nfl, but both rape baseball and soccer"
it feels good to be productive  first time i ve finished an essay before its due 
someone keeps trying to add me as a friend but i ignore it  fucking creeper
gym breakfast  school then job applications 
1 breakfast 2 hw 3 school 4 wrestling 5 job applications
lovin the weather!
hw school and more job applications and maybe some free time hmmm
math xl makes me feel retarded  its to easy
school then free time yay
"take me to the place i love, take me all the way"
once my metabolism slows down im fucked!
netflix on the ps3 is the greatest thing ever!
"no matter how hard you try, you cant stop us now!"
no school yay  gym then free time!
chargers fired their equipment manager after the chiefs game for not switching the cleats at half time! hahaha
"fire e playful lorer test, job fair then free time! yahoo!!!!!"
this morning has been an epic fail! i need to shoot up with some optimism!
gym hw school then wrestling then free time
i completely forgot about monday night football  what an idiot!
school wrestling then hw! yay!!!!
jackass never gets old!!!!!
i hate feeling lazy on the days i go to the gym!
time for some fresh air!
i want to switch my class schedule already  i cant even sleep in anymore
i feel like an idiot going from a pc to a <propmale>
"ayo showbiz, i had this bugged out dream last night that i was the devil's son, b, i was doing some ill shit   "
immaturity at its finest! watch jackass!
time for some hw yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
school then study time then free time!
my mom said i couldn't be a doctor cause i have no feelings  she knows me too well
i think to far ahead  i need to focus!
second emt class tomorrow  80% > or fail  now i really need to focus!
school study time then gym  time to be productive yay!!!!!!
feeling optimistic to the <propmale>!
study time wrestling then free time yay!
in the party mood!
i hope <propmale>'s jaw gets broken!!
who won the fight?!?!?!?!?!
don't drop the rock!!!!!!!!!!!!
my mom yells way to much  its hard for me not to snap back 
cant wait to be done with my g e  classes 
ready for the weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
class tomorrow    then 3 day weekend hell yeah!!!!! ski woop!!!!!
hw today  then 3 days of good times!
lumberjack time!
when does the chargers game start?
parties disappoint! cant wait for new years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ski woop!!!!
every time i have a late night my room gets messier and messier!
i need to clean my room yay!!!!!!
damn you lime wire  had to get shut down by the man!!!!!!!!!!!!!
where are the parties at?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
no more party time! only on new years!
i wish i never sold my punching bag!
why cant wasting time be harder!
we are the fiend club!
i need icy hot!
who would of thought you can get hurt playing basketball! i feel like a gump!
ready for the weekend!!!!!!!
hell yeah wrestling! time to beat up the new fishes!
i wish kohls didnt have a shoe department! its a never ending scavenger hunt!
i want a motorcycle   traffic and paying for gas wouldn't even be a concern
no more bitching about bs  time to cowboy up and keep focused on my goals!!!!!!!
finally going to get an x-ray for my hand yay
got the tickets ski woop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
class then doctors yay!
nike makes the best commercials they make me want to fuck shit up
school then fish tacos ski woop
finally saw where the wild things are
time to fuck shit up at the dinner table!
hell yeah i get to clean up after people for 8 hours!
when it says someone answered questions about you  is that spam or some shit  or do people really spend their time doing that?
nap then hw
good luck to the wrestling team tomorrow at battle by the beach! go balls out! especially the seniors!
hell yeah no class monday or wednesday  just a shit load of hw 
"if you know what your worth, then go out and get what your worth"
2 more weeks of productiveness and then a month to get everything in order and relax 
finally some free time study time! ski woop!
just one more week!!!!! till then study and work!
hell yeah just one more day!
yay no school for a month!!!!
work tonight and maybe some new <propmale> work tomorrow  ski woop!
so little time for the gym  i need to start running
time for the gym  yay!
if there was a puppy in my house on christmas day i would believe in <propfemale> again  all i have is a fat cat 
does anyone that goes to swc know when grades will be up?
fuck christmas! i want new years to come already!
i finally get to sleep! yay!
i feel so out of it  i need to party and let my body recharge
i think i need glasses fuck!!!!!!!
fuck bank of <propfemale>! so many bs fees!
party time!
i hope all my classes are full of quitters! so im not on the damn wait list!
summertime and the livins easy   yay time for some fresh air
i tried doing over 500 problems of mathxl today and failed! no more procrastination
i need a new job! fuck people from tj that go to kohls on main str  they turn everything to shit
c i f  lets see who wants it!?!?!
people always manage to disappoint!
i want this semester to end already!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tonight is the first time i am ever going to pull an all niter    for school fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!
considering transferring to palomar to wrestle   i cant make up my mind!
watching felony fights is awesome!
"so fuck needles, fuck smoke\fuck lines that make the sinus choke\fuck chasers, trails, fuck waves and rails\fuck hang-overs, fuck hallucinations"
pretty shitty day (except for the happy ending) failed my emt class then my car wouldnt start  100 bucks for a new battery and i have to replace it in the rain 
time for an all niter forreals this time
"<iframe title annoyed youtube video player\"" width annoyed ""640\"" height annoyed ""390\"" src annoyed ""http annoyed  www youtube com embed es3h0_imlvo\"" frameborder annoyed ""0\"" allowfullscreen>< iframe>"""
