bfe309fe80b169e890b7cab54a1e2e3e
officially living in seattle!!!
job hunting = discouraged  sad 
start volunteering on nov  5   so ready to do something that i think matters!!!
not ready for the holiday season that has already begun        
is wishing grandpa was still here
"taking a note from <propfemale> about thankful posts this month, i would like to say that i am thankful for drinks with a friend at tap house and for someone else making me dinner  smile "
"is thankful for double thanksgivings, a new phone, and time with the fam!"
is attempting a <propmale> christmas shopping day    wish me good luck  smile 
is ready for the holiday season to be over   anybody with me!?!
"poor eyes needed a rest, going with the glasses and looking like a nerd   lol"
up on the job hunt and feeling hopeful   how long will it last?
ready for spring and summer! one <propfemale> day was not enough!
"is broken, and feels so alone"
is trying to figure so many things out    
is wondering what comes next   besides alcohol?
why does being hopeful and happy have to be so hard sometimes?
   what's the point?
is ready for something new  definitely need a distraction    any ideas?
had a wonderful fun weekend with the ladies in bellingham! boundary and big mamas in one weekend   mission accomplished!
leftovers from the counter and mexican   mmmmmmm!
in need of change   hopefully something will happen soon before i can't take it anymore!
"need a job so i can move the fuck on!!!!! here's hoping it happens soon, before i go psycho"
so excited for the prospect of a place all my own  smile !!!!!!
"happy for a new place, tired of hunting already   i am apparently can never be completely pleased lol"
"goal: get a new grown up license today  smile , let's see if it happens"
last day at kohl's!!!!! last day in retail!!!!! last day in hell!!!!!
"first day at the new job, here's hoping it goes well   and that i don't get confused by the seattle bus system lol "
walking home + seattle hills = meisha getting in shape (although tired as hell)
new apartment by the 1st? becoming more reality than fiction  smile 
"sad to give up the money, happy to get the keys    ahhh to have my own place again!"
moving     ugh will it ever end?
"cooking a real meal in my very own kitchen, could it get any better?"
sooo ready for some good beer!!!!! yay the twilight tonight  smile 
fun filled week!!!! anybody got ideas for next week?
"from the skyline dark clouds move in  \\they shroud me with her cold cover \\eyes like daggers puncture the skin  \isolated in a room with no others \\where do i turn when all hope is lost? \where do i find forgiveness?\\my search for salvation has begun  \to find a place where our hearts beat\ as one "
"is ready for some happy times, and pissed at having sad times"
"yoga: seems fine in the moment, but the next day you discover muscle groups you didn't know you had, lol"
had productive plans for my 1 day off but somehow that bed has taken me hostage
"is in need of a no holds barred, loud, out of control, fucked up night!!!!!"
ahhh youtube so much wasted time      
drinking and my ladies    always a good time  wink 
"drinking, dancing, flirting     oh and waking up to the smoke alarm  annoyed  well most of the night was good "
"okay, the eternal question: how lazy is too lazy?"
"new favorite simpson's quote: \can't we have one meeting that doesn't end with digging up a corpse?\"" - mayor quimby"""
time to celebrate the (almost) end of a very stressful week! fnps!!
"\what? spider poison is people poison?\"" - <propmale> simpson (unfortunately i had to learn this lesson the hard way on my own)"""
"beer, getting to see a friend's band play, and dancing    the making of an amazingly fun evening!"
"mmmmm     tv and beer, i now see my why i have such a bond with <propmale> simpson  smile "
wow! cleaning your apartment makes it look like an actual apartment!  smile 
"need: fun night after long week\solution: drinking! fnps!"
"bbq, boating adventure, and celebrating a birthday   fun times  smile "
"i have a couch, which means i have a real livingroom and people need to visit!"
"mmmm    vegan diner breakfast and shopping, not a shabby way to end a long weekend!"
"officially a student again and this time an artist    well i guess that remains to be seen, lol"
ugh                     
"oh   it is amazing how the bathroom floor can be such a comforting place, well atleast for a little while    "
damn spiders! i get one night to myself all week and they have to ruin it! argh!
how wonderful it is that an afternoon evening of boating makes you forget (for a little while) that you actually worked today  smile 
great entertainment + beer + friends = amazing time tonight!
"actually painted something i am not ashamed of, dare i say actually proud of    "
\ 'thank the lord'? that sounded like a prayer  a prayer in a public \,bfe309fe80b169e890b7cab54a1e2e3e,\kids, we need to talk for a moment about krusty brand chew goo gum like \bfe309fe80b169e890b7cab54a1e2e3e,fed up with stupid people and fucking fuckers!
"\getting out of jury duty is easy  the trick is to say that you're prejudiced against all races \"" - <propmale>"""
cult of <propfemale> + massive cleaning = a damn fine evening to myself!
"\great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion\"" - <propfirst> kerouac"""
fun times at the redhook brewery drinking and watching sandlot  smile 
ah the twiliight    so many interesting times  wink 
"alki beach   what a cool part of seattle i never knew about, definitely need to find time to go back before <propfemale> days are gone again!"
sooo many spiders   need to find a new place to do laundry  sad 
"ever have that moment, where you forget that photos were taken last night    it is happening to me right now  annoyed "
tried sushi for the first time    a complete success!
\the beginning is also the end \,bfe309fe80b169e890b7cab54a1e2e3e,"\just because i don't care doesn't mean i don't understand\"" - <propmale>"""
"sun, fun, and boating adventures! some pinkness, but worth it  smile "
oh how i love you aloe with lidocaine!
"i am participating in the alzheimer's association walk and am looking for donations! click on the link below to donate and thank you for whatever you can give!  smile \http annoyed  memorywalk kintera org pacificnorthwest meisha"
oh how amazing it is to have someone dispose of spiders and make you dinner in the same evening  smile 
"i am participating in the alzheimer's \association walk and am looking for donations! click on the link below \to donate and thank you for whatever you can give!  smile http annoyed  memorywalk kintera org pacificnorthwest meisha"
"\we have to live our lives as if we are dying of a fatal disease  because we are \"" - phineas narco"""
apartment is sparkling clean   visitors now please!  smile 
"\what! spider poison is people poison!\"" - <propmale> simpson   words so very true as i have recently found out  sad """
mmmm   homemade chicken noodle soup and blasting of the music: good times  smile 
feeling sedated    maybe i can be productive this evening
it's only tuesday and i want the weekend desperately  sad 
body    so    sore     
the job search is on! hardcore!
ugh    so much snot  sad 
"   to contemplative for my own good   need a distraction, please!"
i like it on the floor   
soon shall be the time of the planes (& other flying contraptions)  smile 
"mmmmm    massive nachos, an amazing <propfemale>, and someone to chat it up with   good times  smile "
\needless to say i have some unusual habits, yet all these socially \bfe309fe80b169e890b7cab54a1e2e3e,just got home and definitely opening that bottle of wine after the day i had!
needs to get her ass in gear!
what?    running into furniture can cause a hematoma?
"blah, overtime! you better be worth it!"
"beginning to kinda like my apartment, and wanna be here    only took about 6 months   annoyed "
"it's nearly ten, i am frustrated and covered in fabric glue with no mummy costume   i think i am giving up  sad "
didn't give up on the costume    and had an amazing time! success!  smile 
sooo   yes i call people all day long and some of them are a little weird but today i actually had a man answer his phone while he was hunting in the woods and in pursuit of an animal        i will never understand people
watching a movie about a serial killer while i paint ballerina's  odd? not for me i guess  smile 
uh     master's programs why must you be so complicated?
delightful time playing in the snow  wink 
got to work and back safe and sound! master of the snow: meisha! lolz
"soooooo sleepy, but so much to do     "
ready for some homemade soup  smile 
i  love  <propmale>!
thank god for daniellie! running errand without my wallet    not very effective  atleast <propfemale> was there to save the day  smile 
mmmmm    be productive or have fun?  well i think i am better at having fun so screw productiveness!
ready to begin the challenge of finishing the christmas shopping!
ohhh     a clean apartment for the holidays  smile 
mmmmm      spaghetti and crime
taxes finished! yay!
"oh the land before time, how you can entertain me even at my age  smile "
"improve hh with the co-workers    not too shabby  dare i say, delightfully entertaining!"
cannot wait for a new apartment! soooo cold  annoyed 
