837da9907c26adfaffe843e5f5cea5af
woo hoo!!!!!!!!!!! i'm sooooooo glad i found the chick-fil-a bowl on tv  go hokies go! haven't been able to watch a game since i moved from va  tech won!!!! 37-14  wooo hooooooo!!!!!!!
happy new years to my fam and friends back east! 2 1 2 hrs before it's our time to ring in the new year! i hope everyone's having a fabu evening!  laugh 
watching the tournament of <propfemale>s parade and gearing up for the <propfemale> bowl  go ducks!!!!!
i'm not gonna be bummed   
going to go watch avatar w  my bro!  laugh 
"wow   i've been obsessed w  facebook this past week  but, it's a great way to keep in contact and share info w  fam n' friends  i get sucked into this damn site!"
this early morning shit is kickin my ass!!! no one should be up before the sun rises 
"2 jobs? must be crazy, but gotta make the money, hunny!"
"beyond dead   zombie-like, even "
my brother will be here sooooon!!!!!!!!!!!! totally stoked!!!!!!!
super tired but can't wait to show my big bro' round town   smile 
food glorious fooooood!!!!! foodfest is here today! i'm stuffed   need a nap!
yay!!!! i don't have to work tomorrow!!! yay!!! get to spend mo' time w  teh bro!
do be do be do be do be do be do be do be do   yeah that bored   
"1st break@ work, i'm still in zombie mode    "
slowly but surely becoming one of the living    
"god, i'm turing into an old woman! i fell asleep before 9pm  but it felt sooo good to get 7hrs of sleep!"
finished cutting my neighbors hair  her hubby surprised her! so cute!!!! glad that it made her day!  smile 
time for <propfirst>'s b-day get-to-gether   
"breakin' my heart, breakin' my heart!!!"
"there's no excuse not to be wide awake right now, i'm halfway done w  my shift!"
"take me to the river!!!   not referencing the upbeat, yet depressing song! no! i'm ecstatic about floating on a raft down the river!!!!"
is no longer pasty   lol
luvin this heat   
"another day, another dollar  9am is my lunch break   er breakfast break "
i like the heat   but damn this is ridiculous!!!
"we're supposedly getting a break in the heat   it's only a few degrees, but i'll take what i can get!"
"work, work, work   and in my sparetime   i want to be as lazy as humanly possible  narf! lol"
"payday, payday, payyyy dayyy!!!!! nice to have just a lil left over after the bills!  laugh "
halfway through my work day   thank god!!!! i'm sleepy 
"good morning <propfemale>!!! god, it's too early   "
"heading to hillsboro after work, to see the family!  smile "
is cheesin   
i'm off to do the laundry!!!!   yeah my life is soooo exciting! lol
it's gonna be super-de-duper hot today! can't wait till i'm done w  work so i can go soak up some rays by the pool 
"only a few hours w o a working phone and i'm uh   trying not to go crazy! sadly, attached to my tech "
"day 2   getting weaker, the loss of contact, the inability to text  how will i survive? lol"
"day 3   i can hear my ringtones playing incessantly, my \texting\"" thumbs have lost thier strength  dear god!!!! help us all!!!!?!?!?!?!?!!  *maybe i have a flair for being a lil dramatic* lol"""
time for a magic <propfirst> or new phone   must   have   contact   
"can't wait for the fireworks show tonight! opening night of the airshow in hillsboro! i'll be there, got plenty of sleep last night  won't need my usual \granny bedtime\"""""
just kidding!!!!! i have a cell phone again! i have a cell phone again! *does a happy dance*
getting sucked into youtube videos   
i hate when you have those days when every   single   thing   seems to piss you off even more  argh  thank goodness for the sunrise n' sunset  friendly lil reminder that there's a new day on the horizon   
i'm not ready for the warm summer weather to go away   
"happy hump day! even w  my messed up work schedule, still feels like the middle of the week   "
"hmm   fez, the dirty? i just wanna get my groove thang on! lol"
"i'm home, i'm exhausted   danced my azz off @ the fez  had a blast w  meh girl paule  fun times, fun times "
is sleepy   can i just pass out right now?
"saturday market   never been, excited to go!  smile "
finally took my placement test for comm college!!! knew i'd be in basic math but totally aced the reading and writing!!!  smile  i'm excited for the next chapter in my life 
bills!!!!! why have you caused me so much grief and poverty!
it seems as though i'm hiding   can you find me? where's <propmale>!!!???
tag team back again check it topwreck it - let's beginparty people let me hear some noise   whoomp there it is  lol
"so many things to get done   half the time you waste, figuring out what needs to be tackled first  hmmm  "
"sleeping the day away, migrane's n' other annoying things    suck! bad enough, i had to call out of work   sad "
the rainy season appears to have begun   time to buy an umbrella  how very un-portlanderish of moi!
"yay! yay! i got the car towed back from the starbucks parking lot to my apartment!!! friend had free towing  no longer have to worry about it ended up in an impound  thank goodness  phew      now i can breathe  all that's left to do, is figure out what the hell is wrong w  the damn thing "
i don't think i had enough <propfemale> make-up on last night  took 3 washes to get that crap off my face 
i'm out like a lightbulb  yay!!!!! granny time 
can't wait for dinner to be done!!! trying out a recipe for curry  shoud be super yummy! on another note   i've been super productive today  lotsa errands n' now i'm super tired 
"instead it is the membrane's effector proteins, operating in response to environmental signals picked up by the membrane's receptors, which control the \reading\"" of genes so that worn-out proteins can be replaced or new proteins can be created """
"has the mondays   i know the best thing to correct that!!! eating, cleaning, and actually getting a full nights sleep  i so smart! lol"
feeling accomplished!!!!! slowly but surely chipping away @ the list of tasks @ hand 
"naps= zonking out for most of the evening! @ least i woke up before 10pm!!! that's a start! lol   i did it, i did it, i did it yay! *sometimes i sound like sucha tardo*"
"i'm home safe, buzzin, and not completely drenched   always a good thing  time to go to bed n' wake up early for my 1st physical therapy appt'ment for my bionic leg  i'm excited for feeling better "
didn't get to see it on opening night   but yeah i'm going to go see bampires!!!
time to change things up a bit  i typically go darker w  my hair color in the winter  it's about damn time   on my way to store   laugh  can't wait for teh sassiness!!!!
"   so i uh did the unthinkable  a blasphemy if you're a stylist  i wanted my hair color changed soooo badly  i bought a box dye! since you don't know exactly what level, saturation of tone or <propfemale> comprises the formula   it makes it more of a \surprize\"" this is what ya got!!! more auburn than red   but still pretty"""
"mto'd again   \mandatory time off\""  it's messin up my paycheck  $'s gonna be really tight for awhile  but everything always seems to sort itself out """
"mto'd again, here's to praying i have enough money for rent and other bills, doctors and food "
"i swear, i'm gonna steal my bro's phone  it's got all teh nice stuff and he never uses it  like today, i come home 2 1 2 hrs before he's supposed to be @ work  dunno where he is and dunno how to get in touch   ever     hmmmmm *evil plot* j k"
yay!!!! i can't wait for tomorrow and all the festivities!!! gonna make pecan pie and my <propfemale>'s green bean casserole!!!!! oh and my brother also got thanksgiving off!!!!!!!! i'm excited for food and family!
"sadness   the shift trade my brother <propmale> got off for thanksgiving, fell through  sad  vto, vto, vto, vto!!!!!! i'm hoping praying wishing  i want him to be w  family on his 1st holiday out on this coast "
happy left-over day!!!!!!!
happy clean-like-a-fiend day!!!!!! *or you so lazy you need a faux holiday as a reason to clean day*
part deux
i'm making a pie! have leftover ingredients from my mom's pecan pie recipe  i want more goodness   
dude i'm psychic  i didn't know it was national pie day! lol
i'm sooo glad i've been able to do a little christmas shopping this year  sadly i'm not <propmale> or anything but @ least the kids will have a lil something!  smile 
"thank god!!!! now that my neighbors finally turned down the bass, i can maybe get some sleep before i have to work "
oh my!!!!! it's flippin cold out there! can i go crawl back in bed now? that would be awesome   work phsh   whatevs
i'm sooooo happy!!!! i'm soooooo happy!!!! just got my acceptance letter for school! just @ a community college but it's a start! *does a lil jig*
"w00h00 that was fun  freezing rain, was like ice skating down the hill to work  glad it's melted now though "
"countdown to my mid-twenties   oh yeah, i'm excited! i can rent a car!!!! insurance goes down!!!! lol"
oh my goodness! thank you everone for wishing me a happy birthday  i had a perfectly chill day and alot of fun!!! i truly appreciate the thoughts and comments! i feel soooo loved!
excited i'm getting important doc stuff taken care of   anxious about the dentist tomorrow morning and anticipating my leg surgery on tues to take the screws outta my leg  will be relieved when everything is done and over with 
"not sure how i'm going to complete shopping on crutches   but dear god, i'm sure gonna try!!!!"
"<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!! *<propfemale>* yes, brother   for another half hour "
i guess i was on the naughty list   but since when did <propfemale> use biological warfare instead of coal   i got a cold for christmas  just glad that i wasn't sick on the day our fam got together on christmas <propfemale> 
"left work early, even though i can't afford it   spending the day in bed w  a fever, chills, and a bunch of other symptoms  my mom thinks it's the h1n1 virus  getting tested tomorrow   i hate being sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sad "
snow!!! only took like about 2 1 2 hours to get back in traffic from portland! i hope everyone gets home safe n sound!
"happy news years <propfemale>!!!!!! be safe, have fun    2010 is going to be the best year <propfemale>r!!!!"
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!
no e playful ectations=no diappointments
"ok, i know i can get everything done  it's just overwhelming in the time being  i just hate dealing w  money issues   they stress me the \f\"" out!!! i just keep reminding myself   it's only momentary stress """
school!!!!! 1st class tonight  math   but basic math  piece of cake!
yay!!!!! i have internet again! that was annoying  seeing all the responses and not being able to say anything back  i've been busy this week w  full time school and full time work  but i'm doing to assignments as they're given to me  i'm won't fall behind if i stay on task   the biggest challenge for me   is asking for help when needed  i'm one stubborn individual 
work   school   work   school  where's my social life? oh yeah!!!! it doesn't exist anymore  totally worth the sacrifice in the meantime  i still luv all my peoples! i promise   you're not forgotten 
"in writing class i get to practically do a show n' tell  find something whether it's artwork, media, news, a song, musical score, poem, story   just whatever confuses me  critical thinking @ least leaves the mind open to possibilities   only prob? that leaves me w  too many avenues of choices w  little time to narrow it down "
so i show up to my class   show n' tell about modern <propmale> in tail   and my teacher doesn't show up  now this is a critical thinking class   so this is either a brilliant stunt to make the students have forced discussions arguements and wondering what if   or something's wrong  i'm hoping the 1st choice 
can't wait till i get the swing of life   
sleepy w  a <propmale> of snoring  
"it has been decided! writing my 1st story for class  instructions were to write about anything   so   i'm writing about the anticipation of a dance recital, the preparation, nerves, and excitement  don't know the title yet, will try to keep some of the french terms to a minimum   if i go overboard   i'll include a nice lil glossary  wink "
"vto today! now   doc @ 3 smile 0, study and homework till my 7pm class  long day   but feels good to be productive "
just like the everybody i know   who doesn't love getting a paycheck  but seriously   i can't wait till i no longer have to work @ a call center  almost 2 years   too long 
"phys therapy to start the day right (didn't get up to do my laundry   eh-hem), then seeing my loverly fams, then homework, then school   life seems sooo carefully orchestrated   keeping the timing to a \t\"" """
"happy, happy   joy, joy   happy, happy   joy, joy   laugh "
sleepy   school @ 9am tomorrow  i still have 3 or 4 hours of studying homework 
"mid-term   life's still crazy but good  i'm a lil behind but w  hard work, i know i can get myself back on top of things "
fluid in the kneecap? this is a new one for me   gross  it needs to be drained  ewwww! but then mucho betta!  laugh 
breakfast lunch of champions  4 eggs scrambled and cheese pizza!!!! brain food i tell ya!  laugh 
time seemingly lapses   before you have the chance   to notice it going by   
aced my math final   working on setting up my schedule for next semester  i'm really happy w  where my life is heading  security   peacefulness   love   i'm soooo freaking lucky!!!!
time to sort out all the little things in life that have been pestering me  this way i can work on building the life i want to live and lead  knock it down and breathe!
i have the best b f a girl could ever ask for  i have the best friends that i could ever need! i have the best family that is understanding and compassionate  life is awesome!
i'm excited to go to the opera w  my bestie noelle-o  always a blast w  my big sis! i love when we get to play dress-up   still trying to find an excuse to wear my red organza cocktail dress! today will prob just be a knee length skirt w  a cute top since it's semi-casual 
getting everything set up for my apt  got the bed set up   still gotta get everything outta boxes   can't wait till i'm done unpacking   moving furniture isn't that fun but it's necessary!!!
"happy chocolate <propfemale> day!!! make sure you get your fill of \peeps\"" """
i wish my cat mothra would stop playing gargoyle of the apt's  he's been on the roof for hours now!!! argh!
"i don't know why every year here in portland, i eagerly await the summer  it takes forever to get here  my toes are still freezing and i'm layered up to death!!!"
i need to be working on getting my apt set up and doin the dreaded laundry   but i really want to be lazy and take a nap  maybe a cat nap? sure   boosts of energy right? lol
dobedobedobedobedobedo   more n' more laundry to do! trying to down-size my wardrobe and shoe collection  sucha daunting task!!!
"chill-axin tonight w  my baby! he's studying for work and i'm doin my best to be lazy after cleaning for most of the day  tomorrow   hanging up pics and back to more unpacking, lol "
seems like it takes longer to unpack than it took to put the crap in boxes in the first place  hmmm
"coffee coffee coffee!!!!! waiting for the caffeine to take affect  light sleeping n' woke up early   i'm gonna need a full pot of goodness, i swear! lol"
hi my name is <propfemale> and i'm a coffee addict! vanilla chai creamer   need i say more! yum yum in my tum tum!
finally seeing the means to a peaceful ending   or should i say beginning!  laugh  getting all of my stuff taken care of so i can concentrate solely on school and getting back into doin hair   i love when life takes a turn for the better and you feel like you've got a clear view of what needs to be done and what your life is going to look like!
oh what a beautiful morning!!!!!! oh what a beautiful day!!!!!!!
the best kind of kidnapping!!! been w  my man all weekend  he's helping me quit smoking  strong man to deal w  my fits as i'm getting rid of the damn nicotine outta my system 
"feeling like a teenager again! having to take my written and driving test today @ the dmv here in or  then i'll get to drive \ms  j-lop\"" that my b f got and fixed up for me  won't have to worry about a car breaking down again!!!!! she's a safety girl w  personality  my fave car thus far!"""
i got to drive ms  j-lop today after passing my test  she's made for me!!! still becoming one w  the vehicle  soon i'll know how she handles like the back of my hand!  laugh  learned a few things about oregon driving laws  it's legal to make a left turn from a two-way street to a one-way street on a red light  in va it's called running a light  can't wait to do it the first time   i'll feel like i'm breaking the law  lol 
wanting to make today another productive day  got alot of things accomplished yesterday! makes ya feel good getting things done! i'm wanting a repeat situation  time to get bookin' 
isn't a fan of the d m v 
"errands   coffee   cleaning   turning in resume's \at least while i'm out n' about, i'm able to enjoy this glorious weather!!!!"
"another beautiful day?   am i dreaming? summer, please get here soon!"
"i smell banana-nut muffins  they're baking in my oven   yum, yum!!!"
"laundry, errands, and home-made brownies w  chopped walnuts!"
   why is it when i update facebook from my phone it doesn't work @ all sometimes or not until hours later  hmmmm
is heading out to portland for snuggle-time w  her sweetheart!  laugh 
today's the day i get to make sure my financial <propfemale> is taken care of  not looking forward to waiting an hour or so   will make sure to bring some of my yummy brownies to snack on while waiting  lol
the anticipation is killing me   guess it's a good thing  just means i'm super excited to get things going!
still trying to downsize my closet!!! dear god i have alot of stuff  problem is   i wear all of it! lol!
"was only able to get my cardio done this morning  need to do some toning   back to zeh torture chamber, lol   naww, i love working out!  laugh "
"future trippin a bit   trying to figure out where i want to go w  my life in the next few years and curious what e playful eriences it'll bring me  i have some things figured out and lucky to have a partner who's patient w  my indecision \but i have alot of options for schooling   just need to buckle down w  a concrete plan and stick to it "
ahhh muscles sore! need to stretch more   maybe? or maybe just a good workout?
making <propmale> from scratch tonight   haven't made it in years  drooling just thinking about it  yum yum
"coffee!!! oh how you give me energy to get on w  my day!!!\dosing up and then a million errands   playing catch-up  today's gonna feel great   once i'm done w  it  lol"
i gets to see my cuz'n and lil miss baby gwennie today! yay!
finally things are falling into place   everything always seems to work out!!!! trust n' believe!!! working through the temp stress seems to be half the battle   which i shall conquer!!!! muahahahahahhaha triumph!
"gonna be setting up the uber big bed in my room today  along w  the usual errands   it's gonna be a good day  \hell   it's always a good day when you get money in the mail! lol "
a lil drum n' bass and magically i get cleaning done faster   hmmm   miracle?
"sadness!!!!! i open up my laptop and it has a some weird crack on the monitor screen! dunno how it happened   always keep it closed  \hopin it's covered on the warranty "
i need to learn more about basic computer programs  it would really help w  this whole job thing      
mmmmm   bagels!
i know it's a lil late for dinner  don't want to cook anything right now   would take too long  so i'm enjoying myself a sammich! lol  laugh 
"can't wait for monday!!!!! 2nd interview @ hair school for receptionist position  would be the perfect job right now  i'd be able to take classes again w  different companies and get back into the swing of things  \and a week from monday   school starts!!! can't wait to be uber busy again!!!"
yay!!!!!!!!!!!! i got a letter from the i r s  saying i don't owe them money  guess i did my taxes wrong! huge relief! w00t w00t  *does a lil dance* lol
"ohhhhh can't wait for girl night to get started! bestie roomie is finishin up her homework  and then mani's, pedi's and boondock saints 2! not quite a chick flick   but we both want to see it really bad  i know   behind the times!!! redbox here i come!  laugh "
"hmmm   what to do w  my day  it's sooooooo <propfemale> outside, i actually want to do something to enjoy the weather! park, pool, or downtown   so long as i'm soaking up this vitamin d, i'll be a happy girl!  laugh "
"pool first (ms  <propfemale> could use a lil sun)   then get the animals some poison (preventative   don't want fleas), then park to do some reading and reflecting, next downtown, and final stop heading to my b f's for snuggle time!!! \in between   will prob be doin to usual resume dropoff applications "
"today has arrived and i'm soooo freakin excited!!! interview @ 5:20 (i know late huh?) and also heading to <propmale> center beforehand for another possible interview  \now for the important part   what to wear, what to wear  i'm hoping they don't see my 1 4 inch blonde roots  maybe i'll just poof my hair up a bit, lol "
"i'll know by tomorrow or wednesday if i got the job!!! i was excited but nervous!!!\fingers are crossed!"
have you even gotten so tired but yet you can't sleep?
hmmmm
"sun keeps peaking in and out   still nice enough for a walk  better do so before the \portland\"" rain gets here  need to spend some time outside getting fresh air and clearing my mind """
i got the job! i got the job! i got the job! i pretty much spent 5 minutes dancing like a goofball in celebration!!!!!!!!!!! i got the job! i got the job!!!!
oh and the park next to my apartment complex was awesome! they had a lil workout area w  parallel bars  i loved playing on those when i was a kid  so i was swinging around like i was a gymnast  i still got it!!! lol
"nature walk, got a job, goofy dance, celebration sushi, meandering around downtown, went to washington park and saw purdy flowers, got to buy a camera w  a gift card from best buy   today was a good day! thanx illi for sharing this time w  me and for all the support from my friends and family!"
"rain or not   i'm going back the the \adult\"" jungle gym!!! time to monkey around for a bit  wanna get my gymnastic groove thing on   gotta make sure to stretch so i don't get a <propfirst> horse!!!"""
i have the best family and friends ever!!! so soooo soooooooo thankful!
"i'm going to utilize the rest of my \vacation\"" and my camera   by going photo crazy! life is left up to your interpretation! it can be beautiful if you know what to look for   want to find random things that inspire all that is \""katie\"" """
i love how nature gives you clarity and peace!
hillsboro   hear i come!!! think i'll take the long way and enjoy the scenery   smile 
"tomorrow   not sure (but always find something to do), saturday   nephew's b-day party in salem, sunday   want to go to multnomah falls!!! (celebration for illi's 4 00 grade average and i want to use my new camera), and monday   first day of work!!!"
sometimes   nothing makes you feel hotter than shopping in your boy's sweats  lol
sucha glorious day outside!!! multnomah falls here we come!!! first time going since i've moved here   i know   i'm a lil slow  lol!
"i'm tired   good 2 1 2 mile hike  camera died half-way up but i still got some good pics!!! i'm going again   soon! \now getting my stuff together for my 1st day of work tomorrow! let the training begin! they're gonna see how awesome i am pretty quickly! lol   gonna bust my butt and stay attentive  i want all the hours that they can give me  you work hard and they'll want to reward you!"
it's going to be easy to pick up the info @ work   once i get behind the desk it's gonna be insane!!! can't wait for the chaos to begin  will make the days fly by   next up   adding school into the mix!  laugh 
"thinking about taking a cooking or nutritional class this summer  \why does cooking from scratch have to cost sooo much money? no wonder people live off of boxed meals "
school starts tomorrow!!!!!!!! w00 h00!!!
"i'm awake but don't wanna be  ok   ok   so long as i have a ton of coffee, i'll somehow survive  lol"
"headed out the door and ready for whatever comes my way! training, school, and more work   laugh "
early for class   just waiting for the learning to begin  oh    i'm ready!!!  smile 
i'm sleepy already but still want to get some of this homework done  would caffeine really keep me up that much longer?
trying to figure out this whole online course thing   reading my math homework and then heading off to work till 8pm  thankful i'm able to enjoy this lovely weather outside while sitting @ the starbucks near work   smile 
my brain is being consumed by math   just taking a short break then back to hitting the books 
"soooo excited for the family bbq today! always great to see the fam and eat lotsa yummy stuff! \stoked the weather turned out perfect for this glorious day!  laugh "
getting burnt out already   sleep is a must!
trying to sleep   yet my mind is fully awake n wanting to run a marathon  don't need a second wave of energy!!! just some sleep would be nice  7am is gonna roll around too soon! maybe a glass of milk would help?
it's a typical day in the neighborhood  lol  work   homework (this math online thing is hard  but i'll trudge on through)   then more homework  lol  laugh 
golly! summer classes are definitely condensed and jam-packed w  homework  every night a few hours worth @ least 
breathing is good! comes in handy from time to time   smile 
time passes too slowly when you're waiting   
as much as i want to stay stuck on the computer all day   it's time for more hours of homework  want to be able to enjoy tomorrow   whatever i end up doin!
i won't hate math! i won't hate math! i will love #'s! i will love #'s! *trying to trick my brain so that it gets easier instead of harder*
"spending my day @ the library  homework, project, and later heading to the tutoring center  admitting i need a lil help in math  don't want to get behind when it's not even halfway through the term "
kinda miss having a life   but i'm sure the sacrifice will be worth it down the road  hope everyone i love can <propfemale> in there for a bit  you're not forgotten!!!
i love brain food!!! taking a lunch break but still reading 
exam time!!! studying @ the library @ p c c  rock creek location  beautiful campus!
working on my on one final project and hoping to fit some extra credit in  got my schedule planned out for the fall too!!! work   school   work   school  pretty soon i'll need to start mixing some social activities in there  seriously!!! but it's all for the sacrifice of learning   laugh 
migraines are the bane of my productive homework existence  really? 3 in the last 4 days?
don't have school or work this morning   so instead i'm working on homework  finally some time to get a head start on things 
counting down the days till my brain gets a break from school  i want to visit everyone and catch up w  those that might think they're forgotten  i love you all!!!!!!!!!
"tonight's my last night of school for the summer!!!!!!! woo hoo! \currently studying for my exam  i will remember all these formulas! math rocks   narf!"
excited to see the family tonight!!!  laugh 
first day back @ school! so far   so good! wasn't e playful ecting 13 credits but i'm sure i can manage 
on break from math  my brain is hurting!!! did i really forget so much?
i'm slap happy in my sleep 
cleaning the junk outta my life   one trashbag @ a time 
all my beauty friends rejoice!!!!! i'm no longer <propfirst>'s white trash g f!!! my hairs been did! lol! about time i tell ya   been walking around w  these blonde roots for too long!
"gearing up for work   only for a few hours then back the book grind  this term 13 credits  math, computer class, cultural anthropology (on nordic shamanism), and a study skills class (for math) "
"out the door for my day ahead   really wishing i was still in bed  \umm   wasn't meaning to rhyme  but i do it all the time  lol\no more rhyming   i mean it!!! anybody wanna peanut?"
"thank you sweetheart!!!!!!!! no more \blood screen\""!!! <propfirst> fixed my computer!!!  laugh """
i find comfort in the silence  heading to the library to get some homework done 
seems like these days   all i have to talk about is food and homework 
need to focus   
4am will be here before too long   sigh
coffee and an everything bagel w  cream cheese  yum!!!!!
gettin my booknerd on! lol
k   sleep for now  6 smile 0 or 7am wake up to finish  uhhh i'm saying 7am   every wink of sleep counts! fo-shizzle  lol
"quiet night w  my animals, my book, and now to bed  another early rise for this sleepy head   smile "
migraine   day 2  reluctantly getting ready for work  took 2 excedrin and hoping it fades  just want to lay in bed w  covers over my head and sleep it off!
"getting in comfy clothes, then heading to school for a bit to finish some homework  only have a math paper to rewrite, a chapter to catch up on, and finish assignments for computer class  easy as pie!  laugh "
really looking forward to thai chicken pizzas tonight! yum yum!  laugh 
i love mi madre!
"hate when you're by yourself and the house starts feeling uneasy  although, technically not alone, i have the animals "
"no more math!!! i just wanna sleep right now   and smoke a clove  but that's right!!! i quit   argh  @ least i'm staying on task, w  only a few interruptions "
"on break from class   downloaded ducks schedule  don't ask a beaver fan what's going on or you'll be led astray!!! \i see how it is   trick me into watching a beaver game and maybe, just maybe i'll consider going to the dark side! nevaah! lol!"
"getting geared up for my homework  seems like the hard work and sacrifice of social time is paying off!!! \math teacher told me that w  just a lil more tweaking on my paper   i've got it!!! awesome!!! actually excited for my grade!  laugh "
can't wear purple to work   all black uniform  so   purple eyeshadow and polish it is!  laugh 
"not being very productive w  my homework   so maybe it's best for me to call it a night and wake up hella early  that way i'm guaranteed @ least a few hours of sleep  \\so it's decided   wake up, study, school in portland, appt in beaverton, drive back to portland for work, then drive back to beaverton to stay the night, study some more, sleep, then class in beaverton the next morn  alrighty then! g'night!!!  laugh "
"i really wanna nap   instead, gonna do the work thing for a bit  thinkin an early bedtime is in order "
date night is the best night!
finding myself eager for halloween to arrive!!! fave day of the year   better than b-days!
tummy not feelin so yummy   sad 
"potato chip chicken   who woulda thunk?   betty crocker, that's who!"
"gaaaah!!! late bedtime   early rise  \excited to dress up for work tomorrow! let the festivities begin!!!!!!"
"reading   oh reading, reading, reading, reading   laugh "
i need coffee!!!
3rd day migraine   had to leave work early from getting sick   sad  6 hours and many pain killers later   feeling mucho betta!!! yay!
happy halloween!!!!!!
"migraines ruin all productiveness  today? no trace whatsoever!!!\meaning   time to get some stuff done!!!"
blanked on math but rocked my computer test! should still get a good average regardless 
"gettin to the passout time of the night  good day! didn't have school   lunch w  my love   got a relaxing facial at my work (after work)   and made some super yummy soup for dinner! \back to the grind tomorrow n' then some  night all!!!!"
wings tonight! high-five!
"hates sleepless nights w  early rises! start time 4am   day will end after 10pm  \needless to say i'll have an endless supply of coffee on hand "
2nd day to sign up for classes next term and psychology already has a waitlist of 10 peoples  gonna have to rethink my schedule 
only see flurries   waiting for this so-called snow 
w in a matter of minutes   i stand corrected! as soon as it starts snowing the ground is immediately covered in white!!!!
don't mind the snow   it's the ice that scares me! eeks!
i'm awake! i'm awake! still in zombie mode   but i'm already a couple cups of coffee down and scarfed a delicious bagel 
"note to self   keep pants one size larger around for the holidays and layering  \needless struggle this morn w  leggings and jeans  lol "
"oh how i miss the sun!!! this foggy  dreary  drizzly weather is definitely draining  time to drag myself to work \\using my \d's\"" i see  lol"""
it's here! the sun! enjoy it while ya can!
final tomorrow   thursday   and friday  ready for the weekend already 
one down  two to go 
time for the visits to begin!  smile 
really? i'm this tired? trudging on for a couple more hours then crashing  early rise for more cleaning 
"should get back to cleaning and not let distractions bother me \distractable me   lol "
you never realize how much stuff you have until you start moving   
"can't wait for tomorrow!!! gonna take a day off   well other than unpacking and reading a bit  oh yeah and getting my nails did  \busy weekend ahead too! brother n' fam on sat and christmas party for work on sunday "
"awwww shucks everyone!!!! thanx for the b-bay wishes!  smile  \now the true indecisiveness   what do i want to do for my b-day? i should know right? lol"
seriously guys   these birthday wishes mean the world to me!!!
best birthday ever!
so good to see the family in salem! next up my hillsboro peeps!!!
cleaning   getting my hair cut   and tonight i'm getting all dolled up for my work's christmas party!
i can actually say   it's a lil toasty is this house!
i understand the idea of giving   but why does it have to be about things?
"my father once told me   i will accept no man as your boyfriend unless he was raised on <propmale> python  \maybe he'll accept a late initiation?"
knowledge is power!  smile 
"i don't do mornings   as <propmale> would say  in my words   i don't do days!\but i guess ya don't really have a choice in the matter  anyone else a preferential night owl?"
put my clothes in the dryer   to have some warmth before headin into the cold  awesome idea!!!  smile 
excited to see the family!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! i hope your day was filled with cheer!!!
thankful i have some free time this week  gives me time to get life caught up and organized before the semester begins on the 3rd 
it's a small world after all   
getting an early start on things i'm learning next semester  better ahead than behind!!!
no fuss dinner? thai chicken pizzas!!!
coffee   ? i love you!
time to get this show on the road!  laugh 
got my books today for next semester!!! already getting a gander for what's ahead  me=nerd  smile 
"excited to ring in the new year! hope everyone has a safe, happy, and fun holiday!!!"
"first day back @ school and i'm so excited!!! m w f pilates, tu thu <propmale>, publisher, psych, mix in a math lab for 3 hrs, and <propfemale> <propfirst> on sat  \sm<propmale> and buff?!?! oh heck yeah!!! lol "
"my <propmale> teacher mentioned she was from dc  so after class, i just had to ask, \are you from dc or the outskirts?\""\",837da9907c26adfaffe843e5f5cea5af,dinner was all mine!!! muahahahahahahahaha!
i love that in my computer class   i'm allowed to listen to pandora on my i-touch  wifi and school is awesome!!!
"brought lots of food today w  me to school   and i've already eaten it all  does anyone else get super hungry when learning?\is this what they mean by brain food?"
"it's a good time! another thing to love   scheduled workouts 4 times a week  anything extra is a bonus! 3 days of 1 hour pilates classes and <propfemale> <propfirst> 1 day for almost 3 hrs \better rest up for the day ahead   night!  smile "
"chillin w  my homies   i mean my kiddos   i mean the puppers n' the kittikins  oh mothra and <propfemale>, you guys are great company!!! lol "
just sittin   waitin  oh wait! it's my bedtime  yes a friday   and i'll be crashin out 'fore too long 
goooo ducks!!!
"wish i was watching the game!!! but    a  i have a paper due @ 9am and b  no cable  \i'm gonna need a play-by-play run through of all the highlights!"
trying my best to concentrate  alot of work to do w  so little time available 
my daytime plans changed to next week  sad thing   first thing on my mind was woohoo! more time for homework!!!!!
my brain is about to e playful lode!!!
laundry in wash   just enough time to catch a quick cat nap  zzzzzzzzzzzz
we're all cognitive misers   
is it rude to move seats during class because the person next to you is offensive to your senses?
wishing there was such a thing as packing lightly for class  lesson for next term  don't take all classes on same day!!!!! a good 25lb backpack and then another 5lb bag w  all my extra goodies! (gotta eat ya know)
long day ahead! time to rest up!  smile 
good tidbits for retaining information??? studying my butt off but frustratingly not sinkin in entirely 
"can't sleep!!! my eyes don't want to shut a wink  i'm exhausted   please body, shut down for the night!"
"i just had a scary thought   if i had attended public high school, next year would be my 10 year reunion!!!"
really wishing i could watch the movie we just got   but no   i have homework!!!
"made some turkey tacos and cake tonight for <propfirst>'s b-day  he wanted <propmale> chocolate  my first attempt @ a layered cake  \my first mistake?   not letting it cool down all the way  lol! but i somehow salvaged it   somewhat!  wink "
do teeth cause problems? or do problems cause teeth? either way glad i'll be @ ohsu tomorrow 
tired!!! long and arduous homework day  sleppy time can't come soon enough 
good morning!!! time to head out to start my long but productive day 
sickened by people who cruely take advantage of the kind and generous   sad 
long day! heading home to see my love and pass out in bed   laugh 
another day begins @ 6am  pilates   you can kick my butt anytime!
eeks! headache prob from no sleep  can't afford this alot of work to get done  no worries   some excedrin and i'll be good for the day 
nom nom nom   chinese for dinner!!!
"getting feedback from my teachers really helped calm my nerves about mid-terms next week! \if you ever have a concern   ask questions and   ask for clarification   smile "
chicken artichoke pizza and a movie w  my sweetie!  laugh 
we have an emergency    stat!!! the boys are on a chocolate run   wink 
"even though we don't get to talk all the time   i'm thankful for every single person in my life! my boyfriend, family, & friends  you all mean the world to me!"
but i wanna sleep!!!!! wish time would slow down so the 4 hours of sleep tonight would feel like 8  double the snooze in half the time! oh yeah!!!
this whole quitting smoking thing makes me hungry   or maybe it's cause i'm bored? either way i need to start eating healthy again 
"i am a super nerd to admit this  i'm really excited about my first ever study group tomorrow for my mid-term in psych  \remember   homeschooled "
tax returns   i love you!
oh n' can't forget the coffee! yes coffee i love you too! you will help me survive my mid-terms today  xoxo
"mid-terms are over and i'm feeling confident  think i got an a on both!!! worst case scenario   a b but i highly doubt that  \hard work pays off!  laugh "
tomorrow is my one day of the week to sleep in  hopin my internal clock doesn't go off 
"work, work, wooorrrrrkkkk, work, work  story of my life, just glad i got to see some of my family yesterday and have a little down-time today w  my sweetie   laugh "
"winco, i won't go, but i will go, cause you're cheap though "
<propfemale> <propfemale> day!
"i'm surprised there are soooo many students here late @ school on valentines  \sure as heck missing my love but trying to finish this paper   as quickly and efficiently as i can "
good morning!!! time to head out the door and hit up this traffic  school is beckoning   smile 
"i am soooo happy and elated! i could do a jig, give a grin, kiss a baby, and drink some gin   wait i don't like gin  \but i love my grades!!!!!! mid-term results  \a\"" student in all my classes """
big ol' huge wet snowflakes early this morning in portland!!! hard to believe it'll be an early spring   but i'm still hoping!
ok   snow   rain   sunshine   then more snow  portland is definitely e playful eriencing tri-polar weather  come back to sanity and make up your mind!!! this confusion of elements is seriously distracting!
first thought was gym  second thought was food   hmmm what am i hungry for? late dinner but i'm sure i'll figure out something yummy-licious!
"golly gee! the dentist woohoo! \does reverse psychology work?!?!?"
"i hear we're gonna have snow?!?!?!?!? i'm hoping   praying   and wishing  i want to make hot cocoa w  marshmallows, snowmen, snow angels, and have a snowball fight!"
ihop national pancake day?!?!? i want free pancakes!  smile  sounds like i may be having a breakfast dinner!
crashing early tonight   this girlie is tired 
everyday you learn something new
my brain is restless and my mind is endless    
last official day of class! next week finals! i'm ready for a small break  there are some peoples i miss!!!
carrots and celery may not be the best library friendly snack  shhhhh!
chili n' cornbread  i'm a little excited about dinner!  laugh 
crazy <propfemale> rainy storm outside!!! it's howling out there!
i miss heels!
ready for a change of pace! happy finals will be over tomorrow!!!
daylight savings time has messed up my sleep schedule  or at least it's getting the blame  it's only 9 smile 0pm (although it should feel like 8 smile 0) and i'm sleepy?!?!?!?
3 finals today and then i'm done!!! well   for almost 2 weeks anyways   laugh 
is 26 the magic year your metabolism decides to stop working?
days like today make me wanna tan! i need some sun   even if it's fake 
"happy st  <propfemale>'s day! my first attempted traditional meal  corned beef, cabbage, garlic mashed potatoes, and of course guinness!"
i really just want some green beer!  laugh 
getting some work outta the way so i can enjoy my spring break w o the guilt of laziness 
"drop top   now bedtime  yeah, this is my friday night "
first part of spring break??? work followed by pure laziness   felt good! lol  now onto the visits!!!
"tonight? chicken parma, drop top, ice cream, and chick flicks  yeah   i'm kindof in heaven   smile "
g'night!!! busy rest of week and weekend  just the way i like it  no more waiting for the break to be over so i can have a routine again 
i hate nights of no sleep when there's an early morning ahead   sad  awesomeness   not!
school books and various errands today  the everyday humdrum is always a fun time when my <propfemale> ilieva is there  sunshine!!!  laugh 
because of my own procrastination   i'm stuck in the house today  one day and i'm already getting cabin fever?
yeah!!! i got to see more peoples today! girl time w  my cuz <propfemale> dirlam- aebischer!
back to the school grind! on break from math class   smile 
my homework's done   it's past time for bed   why can't i sleep?!?!? someone please sedate me!!!
"getting sick for a couple days really takes a chunk out of avail homework time  \no worries!!! should be a breeze to get caught up  only the first week   thankful it wasn't finals!!!"
