95e268e1d5f97f70b013f5a848c1d389
i love to love and dream to dream 
stumbling into brain land from a drunken stupor 
i might be melting into a flower scented candle stick
studying my essence
i'm moving to seattle! join me for some drinks at the chug tomorrow night people!
maybe a little bit of goodbyes on tuesday night too! i forgot the girls are leaving for the weekend! i'm getting sad sad sad about saying goodbye to the chug and sf  sad  
"i'm hot, sticky, packing, and going in and out of sanity tears!"
"a budget truck is my home, thank the skies for friends and i haven't showered in 3 days   but seattle is effing worth it! come visit when have home that doesn't move  love "
home sweet home!
thank you for my birthday wishes loves! miss everyone and hope all are well  xoxo    i dance with flowers that never wilt 
seattle makes me sleepy 
"imagine  dream  discover  live  learn  teach  stand when you have fallen  believe in the power of love, passion and courage  remember who you are  build a friendship with yourself  laugh, laugh and laugh "
intelligence cries within the heart 
"boys, a big heart is more powerful than a wallet  full of cash, a black book full of <propfirst> and a garage full of toys  and ladies, why are we talking about makeup, broken nails and reality television? we have a beautiful world crying for our help  please, pause the tivo, put down the beer, take a break from youporn and sit  let's have conversations about how to use our differences to fight for a better world "
passion lives for peace 
"\only sinners pee  non-sinners urinate \""-chelsea haddock"""
"\knowledgeable people know facts  successful and prosperous people know people \""-john demartini"""
i've decided  i'm in love with <propmale> <propmale>  must get to l a  to tell him that i too sniff roofies with <propfirst> clooney 
watching the leaves fall  i'm in awe of such simple beauty  it's wonderful to be in a mysterious world and its a gift to e playful erience it with others  love as much as you can and live as you please  a gift can only live so long and the <propfemale> can change in an instant  be brilliant  look for beauty where it waits 
"maybe time, isn't about time "
i feel like a blotted line 
"in love with my paint brush, pen, orangina, pizza, movies and life  movies!"
life is fucking brilliant 
"\how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before beginning to improve the world \"" - <propfemale> <propfirst>"""
"let the tender crash of innocence step within  i'm in a dream and so are you  with strength, sweetness grows  let it nestle in  get cozy with your damn self  ;p"
change starts with us!
<propfemale> petals are falling from my mind 
pretty organs are wrapped in pretty bows!
"super d duper stoked! good <propmale> coming into town, loving seattle and it's fine folks, boyfriend coming home, finally have a garbage can, and a little peace of mind  time to create madness while balancing on one toe "
life plays hard  fight back with love 
beauty and light sleeps within all  we must open our hearts and minds to feel  we must love and respect one another  our beauty cries to be felt  peace waits with our light 
<propfemale> christmas everybody! and happy holidays! xoxo
looking into the eyes of nature 
an old wound is bleeding to be felt
what a cackle the foolish soul has and what beauty a silent <propfemale> holds  how wonderful to observe 
black 
"i keep having this nightmare: im in my 40's with a bad haircut, a fat husband and a family all dressed in matching tacky hawaii t-shirts and to top it off, i drive a mini <propfirst> and all we do is sing one hit wonders  help!"
"my little peanut is having a baby boy! yes! finally a glimmer of hope for humanity to improve! a <propmale> for a real woman to e playful erience a real man  a little boy with a big heart and a little ego, is it possible? we're getting closer ladies, we are getting closer "
yum yum yum!
"why fear a dream, we are the dream  do not fear oneself  seek out what you feel  at the end of a feeling is an image of beauty, and that itself is a dream "
"i’m a dreamer, what are you? i live life through and through, could i be crazy? sure, but so could you "
"seeking: a giant tub of <propmale> and <propfirst>'s half baked, endless funny movies, an adult onesy, and brain removal  found: a rabid squirrel "
"new york, vancouver, <propfemale> arbor or vegas? where oh where shall i go?"
i am pleasantly falling in love with the world inside 
help the world and it will help you 
"silly little puppet, just laugh, and welcome life  laugh, and truly live "
i've been sick for flipping 2 months and finally know the effing culprit! attack of the chronic sinus infection! presently seeking: home 
i like dog biscuits 
that was an accident!
"my immune system has it out for me! but today i shall send it love, despite its cruel intentions  happy love day everyone!"
boyfriend cooking  movie being prepped  nephew on the way  sun came out for longer than an hour  life is good 
"this world needs us, just as much as we need it  rise to this occassion  act from the heart  promote change "
balonie  ewww 
peace and love 
"how can someone get angry with you for being sick? its not like you ask for the germs to have a party, and get your immune system drunk for weeks  silly little humans, the heart isn't just for pumping blood  smile  "
oh happy day!
"gave a bath to my cat, not a great idea  firemen had to come, i had to have a beer, and i'm pretty sure she's a little upset with me "
"i miss sf's bus system, hearing the word dude, tan people, music being played on street corners, dutch crunch bread, <propmale>'s sandwiches, my boys, my fam, and chug pub!"
"to be blonde or not to be blonde, that is the question?"
garlic  yum 
recycled knowledge is awesome 
"i am a bird, and i have young i am here to feed, but first i must become "
"my boyfriend is pretty awesome  film, warm <propfemale> days, nights filled with writing, laughs with friends, painting naked, jumping waves under the <propfemale>, being alive, awesome stuff  what do you find awesome?"
march is going to give me a belly 
home sick 
twinkies  not a fan 
loving life!
"we can't wish upon stars to stop wars, we have to change, we have to learn how to love and play nicely  the people, all of us, need to find ways to grow and be at peace "
happy happy joy joy!
my lil sis just had a healthy baby boy named brody!!! sooooo excited to be an aunty!
"windows with pretty thoughts and spectacular views, are shinning brave lights upon my dreams "
i need an editor!
evansly 
"we bloom after we stand from a fall, and flowers bloom as petals fall "
ninja i am!
hiiiiiiiiii-yah!
i love i love i love!!!
silence is a sweet gift 
i'm getting the heebie jeebies from my own work! ahhhhhhhh! gulp 
"alright bay area, i am finally coming home! but not until june 23-30! i know i pushed back the dates, but i'll be there longer now  smile   can't wait to see you bitches! haha xoxo!"
i really like wearing different colored socks 
"music is the purest drug for the soul  gets my ass to work out, clean, write, dance and smile!"
i'm in love i'm in love i'm in love!
the soul is an excellent source of knowledge 
today is a most excellent day my friends! today is excellent 
"why is there a business that sells women's used panties for $150 a pop? to me, that says, there is a shit ton of guys trying real hard, not to be a sex offender   or their x-box is broken "
"i'm craving a sit down with greasy food, beers, awesome music and some old school mortal kombat "
sugar laced shoe laces and kung fu koolaid!
"chug pub, chug pub, chuuuug pub!!! saturday? <propfemale> bombs? bug <propmale>?"
"ok, chug pub, will have to wait  i sadly have killed my phone this evening  sad  r i p "
"love for usa, even though we lost, we played well and with heart "
"ok  false alarm, rice, actually saved my phone! chug pub run is on!!!"
"chug pub happened   lots of fun, but i had far too many <propfemale> bombs, and the result   i look and feel like death and i didn't take enough pictures! damn't hieu, you put the nail in the coffin lol  love everyone!"
<propfirst> is the name 
"going back to the rainy city tomorrow (tear), so thankful for all of my wonderful friends and family  thanks for the fun, love, inspiration, support and good times "
write write write! love!
"music plays and plays, while life wrestles my brain "
"my passion grows as my fears flicker, and as i dive, i return to the dream inside "
"is it sick, that i find the murderers in my musical, to be the most entertaining?"
tired 
i love sunday!
"having queries at the surface of ones mind enables cognition, and in return we e playful ress the knowledge that we accumulate with our e playful eriences, which in the big scheme of things, is the most plausible example of knowledge  and since probability of truth is all we have, we have an underlying need to understand more  maybe the means to reach the desires of the heart and mind, lives within the quest for knowledge "
"both reason and sensation, engage in a before and after method of action  rationalizing a sensation though, drowns out our dreams, senses, & feelings  because they are intangible, we reason with ourselves that they will fail us  we argue that there are certain truths, but how can we, when we do not have a knowing of what it is know, isn’t it than, more connected in reason not to know?"
"if passion for a dream, suffocates within the heart, the mind can not\evolve, and the soul ends up pointing a gun at the entire being "
love is awesome 
"embrace life, embrace love, embrace your dreams  live "
"life is a game  play hard, play well, and have fun "
i  love  foreign films 
"i miss the classics: teenage mutant ninja turtles, tale spin, darwing duck, <propmale>, <propmale> and the chipmunks, rainbow brite, snorks   ahh, how i miss them "
going home tomorrow for mcbain's wedding! yay! but all i want to do right now is sleep 
so happy for <propfemale> and <propmale> and had too much fun!
"last night\ in the bay, if i haven't spoken to you already, holla atcha girl and \get your ass up and at em   after the 49ers game of course, even though i hope they lose muhahahahahahahahaha  playful  ?!"
"i have the best friends in the world! i love love love you all! thank you everyone for coming out and being awesome, already miss you all  love  peace and chicken grease "
my boyfriend is awesome!
thank you everyone for the birthday love ;p! you all rock!  love 
presently perplexed 
"happy happy, joy joy!!!"
life is s-p-e-c-t-a-c-u-l-a-r 
"its hard to be a <propfemale> and not think of how it once was, to be a seed "
"my life is inside my brain, my heart is the breath of my being, and my soul runs the show "
"this world's problems, are our problems  through communication, respect, creative e playful ression and love, our world has a <propmale> for change  be a part of the change "
bay areeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaa   i'm home 
it's too effin hot here 
can passion make you dry with madness?
in love with life  the whole shabang 
"i actually truly miss seattle!  the rain, the gloomy comforting sky, people everywhere with coffee cups in hand, the trees and creative vibe there's a lot of life and positive energy in seattle \\not to say that cali isn't amazing, its just that seattle feels more like home now, so you people better sack up & come visit me soon or i'll get in my ninja gear   and its not that cold you pussies   ehem <propfemale> & company  playful "
i miss nerf gun wars 
dream 
smells like a good day!
"hey my people, come to chug pub! i'll be there from 12-6   bartending  smile !"
"san <propfirst> is beautiful and brilliant, but so is my boyfriend   i'm starting to really feel \the itch \"""""
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better   in honor of someone you know that has died, or is fighting, or has survived cancer, please copy and paste "
rainy sundays and philosophical conversations rock my world 
hey my loves! come to chug! i will be there bartending from 4-9  <propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
<propfemale> christmas loves!
bartending at the chug nye from 4-9! come say hi!
"i want to be blonde again dag nagget, and i'm dreading the process  i need a magical stylist fairy godmother that can make this happen in a one stop shop "
the rainy city and i have a date january 24-28!
i love i love i love!!!
i need to gain 10-15 lbs! what should i eat people? i'm tired of being told to eat rice 
"i want to be next to my boyfriend, in pjs, with good grub and a movie "
i am a victim of germs dag nagget!
love is awesome 
this weather blows 
i finally have a place to call home and i get to share it with one my best friends! yay for me!
"i have thoughts that <propfemale> like pictures, and walls that comfortably hide my many drawers "
