2d049d7f2db145eb2481f7664ea40959
pancakes!
"wow, can't believe thunder won "
so im excited about the possibility of a new and real challenge of potential employment @ ocg & country club!  interview is nov  2nd   im hoping it goes well    gonna make for a very long weekend!
"ah man now i gotta cut my hair, for interview, otherwise id say f-it  jk not really tho"
turns out there were no openings for my specialty   pastry and the other openings  they had i was overqualified for    ah well maybe some other    state? lol
cant believe its almost time to celebrate the turkey laying its first <propfemale> egg!!
let me tell ya the feel and crunching sound of two cars grinding is frkn gross    watch out! i grind cars jk! what an accident  sad 
man i wonder sometimes about this whole 24 segments of 60 mins in a day bull----   ive got alot of things to do n im way too relaxed   
u know ur in a ghetto type situation when u here gunshots    man some crazie foos out tonight!!!
"hmm, so new orleans seems so close yet so far away   yet so close again hopefully not cutting it too too close "
"just started \taming of the wild black elephant\""    yeah   """
the sun is shining beautifully today
man these years are going by so fast now     97!     here i come baby!
"man i need my paints    no i need to figure out \the plate\""    chocolate is pretty"""
eventually all my questions will be answered when im 97    <propfemale> takes a loooong time   
i keep thinking of that movie in the color purple where whoopie goldberg kept telling her man to do right by her and how  crooked her finger was or was it?
thanks peeps!!!! i hope to be in bed by 630pm cst       playful 
well as always i hope everyone has a good day today  deuces!
"retirement      the thought of having to work with fake desparate twofaced backstabbing nincompoops almost bothers me, however i dont work with any, but to those in which im currently witnessing, who do, my thoughts go out to you    -<propfirst>'s rant is now concluded       : p"
"chicks with no eyebrows, but attempt to draw them back on after shaving the original ones off    what what   "
