e4b692efcb45fd5307f47ed627e89095
going to math class
sitting in the ltc building \\
waiting in the liberal arts building for english
listing to my english teacher talk about something    i think its about politics
going to mcc
chillin in the ltc building
leaving mcc and going home yay!
done failing algebra today
passed my history test   donw with english   time to get food and go home!
waiting till tonight to go hunting   so those other guys dont get my <propmale> i saw thursday
watching meet the robinsons
says geology rocks!
just got dropped from my college algebra   sad day? or is it?
is on thanksgiving break   yay! now to write my english paper oh joy!
happy thanksgiving!
thanksgiving round 2 tomorrow!
too much food!
dosent want to take her finals
watching the stormchasers season finale
trying to write my 2 essays but   facebook distracted me
drinking a cappuccino while waiting for english
its too cold! now hurry up and snow!
its snowing!
wants more snow
two finals tomorrow and one wednesday   then im done!
my physical geology test was about as fun as the asvab!
the wheel in the sky keeps on turning
only one final left!!!
woo! christmas break!
borderlands is one awesome game
borderlands is an awesome game   till the end   epic fail i hope the e playful ansions are better
reading mlia
getting ready for my extended faimly christmas saturday   its gonna be a blast already i know
well what do ya know <propfirst> was right   it is snowing!!!
¡feliz navidad!
mmm   hot chocolate
its snowing?    again?
sometimes life just sucks
can never get her hair to stay up in a ponytail
woo! classes tomorrow!
an hour and 20 mins on the phone with tech support    yay   and all i mannaged to get was a cramp in my hand
mcc highlanders: there can be only one!
ok first off news reporter it wasnt a great earthquake it was a <propmale> earthquake   a great earthquake is a 8 0-8 9 and last time i checked it was a 7 0   
trying to decide if i want to do my algebra now or later   
i got my laptop fixed!!!!
installing stuff on my laptop and watching untamed and uncut
i feel like a pirate in algebra   always lookin for the x
hurray for pdanet!!
its fun watching the blobs in my lava lamp
go hecklers go!
why does <propfirst> have better internet than me?
one day im gonna get me a new laptop
class tomorrow at 8 am!
realy mad at <propfirst> right now
teenage mutant ninja turtles!
"go, go, power rangers!"
<propmale> glover > denzel washington
i know the answer! <propfemale> on let me think   its right there on the tip of my toungh  argh! this is gonna drive me crazy! i just heard it the otherday!
just <propfirst> a somewhat epic ninja battle on my english assignment!
867-5309
i watched inglorius bastards and district 9   ingloruis bastards in my new fav movie and the little alien in district 9 was too cute!
"a lot of people think i hate watermellons, but you just have to kill it before ya eat it   thats all "
"just watched the bored identity, the bored supremecy and the bored ulitmatum   "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and put the first entry under comments   "
the trick is read what your teacher suggests even if its not required   then you will gain some common ground
"im going to stab my phone, throw it off the st  <propfirst> arch and then finaly drownd it in the bosque river "
ok here's the deal weather:if your gonna make it cold at least give us snow!
well its snowing   
so this is what snow looks like   
monday you won   i hate today
its snowing! and classes dont start till 10 smile 0 booo!
im hungry   i want a pizza
i made a 100 on my algebra test!!  laugh 
i need a nap
"knowledge is power   time is money  as every physicist knows, power = work time  therefore,  knowledge = power = work   time = work   money, or money = work   knowledge  thus for any given amount of work, as knowledge approaches zero, money goes to infinity (the executives)  and conversely, as knowledge gets larger, money gets smaller (scientists and academics) "
i love getting ready for the county wide garage sale!
so i was watching madea's family reunion and they used the exact same chairs we have
while your at it congress can you pass a tax that makes me pay for your screw ups too? oh wait   
i sense a change comming next election   
"let's add another $2 5 trill to our $12,674,606,830,262 42 ok?"
great i cant use my left middle finger qq stupid gate
so i went to the zoo today   there was a lion   he went rawr!
just dropped off an application at meridian state park    i hope i get it
i want an icecream cone dipped in chocolate  laugh 
i love watching edited movies
fml
jurassic park you're on notice!!!
wtfh!? obama how is the cia supposed to know in a flash if an attacker of a gov offical has a prior criminal racord?!
anyone know how the tennis team is doing?
was with my cusion in the er and we didn't get back until 3am   ish
gettin ready for the county wide garage sale
hey come buy some stuff!
stupidity is a disease which we cannot cure
working on her stupid parallel evolution project
jurrasic park isnt so jurrasic anymore   
realy wants to see <propfirst>'s prom pics!!!
hates it when people get 2 inches away from my ear to tell me something   i'm only partialy deaf in one ear! i can hear you fine!
hates it when people get 2 inches away from my ear to tell me something   i'm only partialy deaf in one ear! i can hear you fine!
loves starbucks
about to give my speech   hopefully i do better than the other groups!
curse you strbucks and your delecious white cocolate mocha!
woo! i'm making a 100% in my algebra class! which is a first   
sorry teach sometimes i'm too tired to care
to the person with stop global warming written on their car   i'de like to see you stop nature!
i hope you get a paper cut!
first you put us deeper in debt and now you take away the moon   what next?
is today national papercut day or did i do something wrong?
ugh   hospitals
just had the best breaded talapia!
i dont like it that only 1 out of 4 of my teachers use blackboard   the other 3 need to use it too!
i'm pretty sure my brain has been on auto all day
i hate english class   i'm also sure that my professor hates me too   
happy national kindergarden day
walking tall is such a good movie
audiobooks ftw!
so the goose girl ended up being a good book after all   
i hate it when other people judge someone behind their back   haven't you heard of closing the door?
thanks mr duncan   i appreciate the heads up
less talk radio in the morning   more music!
i like turtles
thinkin about transfering   eventualy
one more final and im done! then time to job hunt - -
its amazing what a good cup of coffee can do
reunion time   
grats class of 2010!
i love sitting in the back seat   no one listens to you 
so why are they replacing mcchrystal?
don't ya hate it when the store dosent have the first book in a series?
spy swap!
volunteering at the zoo for the join the pride event
thinking about going to the mammoth site after i get done at the zoo
english first thing in the morning    wonderful!
everytime you lick a stamp you consume 1\\10 of a calorie
holy     its raining!
"the \you are here\"" arrow on a map is called an ideo locater """
"if you spelled out <propfirst> you would get to 1,000 before you used the letter a"
4 hours of enviromental volunteer work   what fun!
i may fail at ebay   but i win at amazon!
i wanna go to a circus 
wonders when mcc will clear the poor trees away
omg mcc starbucks is outta milk!!!
<propfirst> bieber   on csi    awesome!
well i got lost on the way to lab   
sometimes your the windshield and othertimes the bug 
american idol is not news! finding new species of animals is!
thx mcc for the email and makin me paranoid!
space bags are a rip off - -
"i should start buyin brawny paper towels, apparently they sing!"
why is it they sound like someone is dying when they retire?
cacti just seem pretty confident in themselves  kind of like they're saying 'stop questioning me or you'll bleed '
its raining   great   
of course it starts raining harder when i get outta class    
don't you hate it when people keep putting their hand on your shoulder and you don't know them?
gj boys!
i should do my english homework    
why does it seem all english essay topics are too long and boring to write about?
geography    geology     connection?     i think so
texas: only state with right of capture  woo!
your weird peta    very weird
i really need to find that secret way off mcc that doesn't involve traffic 
the sun keeps trying to burn the norwegian outta me   so far it hasn't been successful 
thank you for calling usa prime credit! my name is <propfemale> how may i help you?
woo! one more cow!
successfully chased a cow several hundred yards   got my workout!
book 'em dano 
tomorrow is just your future yesterday
well my dad cut the powerline wbile shredding   
powers back!
i wonder if anyone has tried to <propmale> the cash cab   and if so would <propmale> quiz them to their destination?
why can't i use the same topic for geography and english?
sooo bored!
garage sale time!  laugh 
anyone need a pop-up deer blind?
soooooo boreddddddd
"so apparently after my dad cut the power line the pros' we hired to fix the line and bury the line ,so dad wouldn't hit it again, cut the power line to our well, almost rip the transformer off the pole and wont be able to fix the power line till tuesday   "
i hate dogs   
watching a knights tale  laugh !
happy 12th birthday google!
<propfirst> your awesome!  laugh 
sick  sad 
i wonder when our electrical line will be fixed   
<propfirst> the exterminator  laugh 
a quick note to those other people who help shape who i am now 
the best geology is often done in the toy department!
takin over cybertron! brb!
i need some quick inpuit for an english essay topic:
i'm calling bs on mcc's internet
my car battery died  sad  but at least i was at my granny's house when it happend  laugh 
soooo    when's the next band contest?
   and the turkey truck shall blot out the sun   
were and when does the band march tomorrow?
apparently i can't put my ideas on paper before research    
either there is a goverment cover up about chernobyl or mcc's ebrary isn't worth a flip 
is now on twitter!
"pumpkin pie, pumpkin blizzard, pumpkin latte   i love october"
thanks for wishing me a happy birthday!
"homework,you can wait   today is my day"
well   that's an interesting way of doing things mcc   using a tractor and a single plow disk to edge   bravo
biomining   that's gonna be interesting!
breaking news! there is a tornado in the dfw area   everyone is being evacuated to the arlignton stadium because they know there won't be a touchdown there 
why is it when little kids and old people fall asleep its cute? and when grown up fall asleep its rude and disrespectful?
my culinary creation is lookin pretty good!
stupid frizzy hair   i hate you!
i wonder if this 5 hour energy works    only one way to find out 
today is just crappy
"why is it that waiting rooms rarely anything but texas highways, people and better homes and gardens?"
fable 3!
deer season  laugh 
why can't there be any good frozen macaroni & cheese?
who are the kardashians and why do i need to care?
i'm never gonna do a car wash ever again   
weekend!
why do some people ask what school college you go to when you have their logo on your clothes?
does anybody know what time it realy is? does anybody realy care?
afhgjmkgfd    bah! i give up! greedy good for nuthin   rotten   jncfdkifrds
"what i learned today: between population, water, natural resources, pollution and glodal warming we are all screwed "
put a banana in your ear!
may you rest in the arms of angels great uncle <propfemale> 
i need some chapstick
"if anyone knows or finds out what's happening to the birds, fish and crabs let me know plz!"
i'm thinking that i need to get my books organized 
just added my book collection to www goodreads com and after sorting them i only found one book missing breaking <propfemale>  now to find that straggler 
it's raining! it's pouring    
stupid windows    letting the cold in without permission
"2 things i have never done : use a full tube of chapstick, completely use up an eraser "
can anyone define normal?
"the last thing i want to do is hurt you \but it's still on the list "
texas    you are one weird state 
anyone know a good taxidermist?
