4462d6fc3e7889d73bef8b8ee234ff59
is loved by the most incredible woman in the world!
is looking forward to tasty brownies his sweetheart is making   laugh 
is looking forward to getting home to his girl and getting his boys for the next two weeks!
is off to drop the kids at camp and continue the search for employment - any employment at this point!
our car died and the aaa that we thought e playful ired in august was canceled   sad 
can't sleep - again 
"is back from oregon   new friends, long missed family   too bad it couldn't have been under better circumstances "
"is wondering how the hell he lived with spawn-oven for 9 1 2 years   oh yeah, i was heavily medicated with paxil and morphine (with vicodin chasers) for the last 4 of them "
is enjoying the last week with his boys until winter break 
finally have power after the pud blew a transformer trying to fix another one 
is already missing his boys   the next two weeks will be very long 
is back on the morning report every friday - ugh is this early!!  playful 
"is eager to get his boys this weekend, and already thinking about what to bring and do in <propmale> "
is already missing the boys   2 weeks until <propmale>!
is looking forward to next weekend in <propmale>!
is enjoying tx   off to san <propfirst> tomorrow 
"is home after a short, fun trip "
"just got a call for a short contract position installing network equipment nearby!  it's only a 1-day job, but it's industry e playful erience that could lead to more!"
finished my first tech assignment  $75 for an hour of work is definately nice 
is at work     at least physically 
is amazed everyday at how much my girlfriend loves me   how did i end up with such a wonderful woman!
"as resources are centrally located, this provides administrators with better access and control over security of equipment "
had a wonderful thanksgiving with a wonderful girl!
is hoping his girlfriend finishes the e-book she's reading soon so she'll get up from the computer again   playful 
"yes, i gave in and followed the herd posting baby pics   playful "
is worried for downtown and keaukaha   hopefully there won't be too much surge behind it and it will only wet the foundations in town 
"\the linux philosophy is to laugh in the face of danger  oops  wrong one  do it yourself  that's it \"" - linus torvalds"""
woot!!  basketball is over!  i've worked more in the last two weeks than the previous six!  now back to the job search grind 
trying to motivate myself to get in shape and ready to fight at honeywar 
"is downloading sc2 beta!  hehe - oh, yeah!"
this must be what going mad feels like 
has had a great weekend with my boys: honeywar and an air show - the best of both worlds!
yay for tiki party!! i needed that!
"only two things are \infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and i'm not sure about the \former  - <propfirst> einstein"
just lost my girlfriend to a book series - she just got the latest installment 
"<propmale> <propmale> moore is captured  his mother had no comment to the press, but hired a lawyer - not a defence lawyer for her minor son, but an entertainment lawyer to handle negotiations for book and movie deals "
is bummed that i can't see my kids this week until friday anyway  at least i can keep them an extra 2 days into next week 
"read a great quote in an mmorpg: welcome to the internet - where the girls are men, the men are kids, and the kids are fbi agents "
gots his boyz!
is biding his time until monday   when his boys come back!
gets his boys back tonight - can't get a better gift than that!
"thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes!"
stayed up to play a game of sc2 - it rocks!
is really hoping to get approved for the apartment soon 
it looks like we'll be approved for the apartment once our income has been verified (paperwork being turned in tomorrow)!
it's final - we move to <propfemale> next friday!
"watched some amazing meteors with the boys tonight   i've seen little white streaks before, but these were big, long-lasting lines of fire!  we even saw a couple e playful lode at the end!"
"is about 75% moved in  much thanks to margerie, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and gery for getting most of our stuff up here!"
has an awesome girlfriend   laugh 
"<propfirst> is definitely growing up  the budding teenager generally tried to sit apart from us during the open house at school  all in all, it went well   laugh "
"has come to the conclusion that while he shows a few flashes of competence, dixon sucks "
"has great friends, a great girlfriend, but still misses his boys "
cleaned up all the application spam - unintended consequences of allowing kids to use facebook to play games on my account! lol
"oooh, thunder!"
is preparing to deal with the idiots on the road who can't handle even a dusting of snow   hopefully they just stay home!
"omg people are so stupid!!! people are putting chains on their tires when the roads are bare!!!  just because there's a little snow doesn't make it a natural disaster, people!"
mmmmm - home-made beef & barley soup!  i have an awesome girlfriend!
"good friends, good food, ca-razy kids!! it was good to see them all having fun, though  a very good night through and through "
"just woke up, sitting in my warm living room sipping coffee with my beautiful girlfriend, and laughing at the frustrated people out in the cold to just miss all the deals for black friday!  am i evil? yeah, sure - i'll go with that!"
"to all my acs friends, i hope you get back to work quickly "
is hoping i get home in time to watch my steelers give baltimore their first home loss this season 
"yes, <propfemale>, the seahawks won  an hour ago  now shut up so i can go home!!!!"
is finally going home - hopefully i'll get to see the steelers smack down the ravens even if the refs throw another 150+ yards of penalties 
actually found bdus for <propfirst>  hopefully i'll get his membership in next week!
is it sad when your defence outscores your offence   or does it mean your defence is just that awesome!
suddenly finds himself a saints fan 
"ugh - the ravens win the one game they had a <propmale> to lose, and pittsburgh has 2 games they have to really push through to win (jets and browns) "
what is it with the steelers insisting on doing things the hard way?
is thankful for awesome friends and family 
"i hate my sinus cavities  mostly clear until i lay down to sleep, then whammo! can't use the cpap if i can't breath through my nose, which means no sleep for me!"
is off to oregon to pick up will from his cap encampment   no heater means 6 hours of cccooolllddd!!!
"taxes done! ah, the simplicity of not spending enough to need to itemize "
woot! steelers are going to the superbowl!
"insomnia, take me away!"
"while i don't mind the snow, i'm glad i don't have to go anywhere today with the idiots that can't wrap their heads around how to drive in it "
is still amazed at how wonderful my girlfriend is 
is relieved that so far none of my friends in hawai'i were messed up by the tsunamis 
"today i <propfirst> the passing of a truly special woman  i find that i'm not in mourning, but rather reflecting on the positive ways she impacted my life  <propfirst> will be missed but, even more so, she will <propfemale> on through us "
