b965b17899a309b8f5682b7e95f609a9
"new years was great, only several hours of sleep though  2010   wow "
im like a child in a new room   and i haven't found all the buttons in here yet
ok   found some buttons   i'm gonna press them
i'm alive   sorta   just in la la land is all 
is bored
hmmm   *pokes your screen* i see you 
i have had a very fun past few days 
stuck in thought   can't seem to escape
i once played a game that told me the cake was a lie   the game was wrong      it's so tasty and moist  ( joyful )
there is a cricket in my ceiling   and i can't kill it to shut it up   and it's 2:12 am   i wanna blow holes in my ceiling to kill this thing  and it moves around so it messes with my ears   now he is above me   i want a shotgun right now to kill it  *twitch twitch* oh god it's getting louder   
can't wait till he gets back to killing children in d&d
i finally won a game of catan! it feels so liberating to shove that in <propfirst>'s face   crule yes i know   but he had to stop winning!!!
"i'm bored and none of you people are on  this is why i hate being at home  because all i have are people i have almost zero interaction with here at home  of course we talk once in a while, but it's sparatic and most of the time no one cares to hear what i say  so i'm stuck talking to a wall   here online and at home "
it's late   almost 3am   going to bed soon
i have to go work in the rain   whoopie! *sarcasm*
i have cake   and it's melting   
my cat had become closet cat   when will he come out?
sometimes i wonder if i should be older than i'am now   
is listening to pink floyd   singing along
no insomniacs? wow   ok i guess i'll sleep too 
i'm half tempted to put a bullet through the skull of my own sister 
i'm enjoying having the next couple dys off  hopefully they will be fun 
"even though i just went up a level, everyone else went up in a damn hurry and got two levels ahead of me  i can't even fart a 1st level spell   "
my middle finger on my right hand is a bit tweaked from all the arm bars <propmale> put me in  rofl 
"i spilled scolding hot coffee on my hand today, gave out the wrong order twice, almost fell asleep at the register, and dead tired "
"there are times where i get bored, and feel like messing with people   the eders on gaia have bleeding brains now  fun  joyful "
i'm done   i'm fucking done with my god forsaken room  it leaks water  now i'm gonna make damn sure it is waterproof 
i'm all wrapped up in cozy blanket   just need someone to cuddle now   joyful 
you know that feeling you get when you hear something that really fucks up your night? especially when you are enjoying a good meal with friends  yeah   hurts the brain 
finally understands why he is more attuned to emotions now   needs to talk to <propfirst> next time he sees him 
i have some of the most interesting pictures in my possesion
"you know when you feel tired   and hop into bed   and try to fall asleep  but all of a sudden your body goes \guess what! not happening \"" hi   """
i'm going to be gone from the 25th to the 29th  going out of state  see you guys later and i'll text some of you when i can  happy thanksgiving guys!
"i never knew that my relatives in the south were so old  all i saw on thanksgiving were relatives who were 40+  the only \young\"" relatives i saw were an 8 year old ans a 10 year old   where in the hell was my generation!?"""
great   not only did i just get back but it seems i have brought a little friend with me  hello sickness   how have you been?
feels as if he is older than he really is   
looks like drive thru will be busy today  with all the snow and what not 
i keep running into ex girlfriends  something is trying to tell me something 
deep in thought   
"i think it's official   i' am not a morning person  i don't like waking up early in the morning  and being a night owl really messes with things  though i had 6 hours of sleep last time, i'd like to snag 10 hours next time    but it isn't gonna happen "
yeah   i like my comp better   joyful 
close to the end of another year   it's weird feeling as if last december was not but a month ago  my how time flies when you work too much 
all work and no play makes <propfirst> a dull boy  lol
"i popped on my mp3 player, and for some reason i feel like jamming now   "
changed picture   gave the feel that i was emo   in which i' am not 
saturday is coming  time to unveil my new creation in ray's world! ray's world! excellent! tubeler!
"has had a very interesting trip home  first the grocery store   packed! so many people i took a picture to show it's epic failure of how paranoid people can be with bad weather  and second, was almost in two car wrecks on the way home  people do not know how to fucking drive "
this storm reminds me back in 96'  i remember it specifically because when i stepped out side i fell flat on my ass from slippin on 2'' thick ice  i cried like a baby  cause i was a baby! lol 
just got back from picking up my mom at work  i cannot tell you how funny it was looking at the buried cars   they looked like oversized marshmellows   joyful 
i'm definently not going to work today  too much snow 
bored   
"i feel like i'm stuck, with no where to go   "
nothing like celebrating christmas <propfemale> while you have coke and rum  finishing the bottle  only half of it left   joyful  dun worry! i'll be safe  ^_~
you know   for people who were all happy a moment ago   you really know how to not say a word when spoken to 
soon back to the same old boring ass shit  i really need to escape 
2 more days and i can veg out  joyful 
dammit i wish i could have a drink or have <propfemale> here with me! dag nabbit!!!
"put the following in your status and let your friends respond! \a word that describes me is (1) ____________  if you really know me then you know that i love (2) _________ but i can't stand (3) _____________ \"" copy and paste this in your status to    see what people have to say about you """
"long day, legs are tired, head wants to e playful lode, someone shoot me "
though it's almost 1am   i can't help but feel something is missing 
is it bad when  you find yourself alone and just feel like ranting or rambling about something? music playing   a thought floating cross your mind   and something with the itchy feeling of wanting to argue  i do hope i'm not getting too old too fast   
"acdrnig to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
*skitter skitter pounce   skitter skitter pounce   skitter skitter skitter leap climb spin stop wide eyed double take   bolts out of the room and stops in front of your face  cocks his head to the side * what? never seen a man act like a cat before?
yup  you were right  i woke up first   joyful 
"well   it's about damn time  i finally have a real fucking door! instead of a plastic p o s  i have a fully fledged wooden door  before you ask, yes i went years without any real privacy  now i have a door that can offer that   joyful "
to sleep and wake to a new day   a day i hope will not drain me completely 
for some reason   feels like he needs a drink 
somewhere within this muddled mind is an answer 
"to anyone who knows me personally, and who has met me  am i hard to read? for most of the day i have thought about the past few days, and i'm left with this question: am i hard to read? i pretty much answer any question asked of me  but does my body language throw people off that much? so tell me   am i? be honest though "
just now   i drank some milk   and it almost came out of my nose   
bored   missing company 
got off work   now i'm stuck at home   again 
"great! turns out that it should start snowing tomorrow morning   i freaking work tomorrow   i hope it won't kill plans for this weekend either  need to get out of this house, talking to the walls and myself doesn't help either  *sigh* save me   "
24-30 inches   shit    surprise 
ok   zoo world is rather   weird  but a good time waster if youwish to build your dream zoo   joyful  the apps my friends get me into   lol
now the shoveling side effect has kicked in   man am i sore   a massage and a nap would do good right about now   
3 hours of sleep   just to be woken up to shovel some more   i'm not in the happiest of moods right now 
i just want to say   doing truck for burger <propmale> for the first time nearly turned me into a human popsicle  all of it was in the freezer fridge and i could not move any product outside of the freezer fridge  plus in the process of organizing things i boxed myself in (literally) so i had to keep at it till i <propfemale> trapped myself  now   i'm very tired   zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
guess what! no work today   snowed in onece more  though in other news i'm off saturday and sunday so i can finally geek out 
"i find it astounding that no matter how hard you try, it never fucking works "
hands are dry and itchy   damn that sanitizer fluid from work! i'm literally using my teeth to scratch my hands   thats how crazy the itchyness is driving me!
*flails his arms around wildly as if he is standing on a giant fan * there is nothing to do! *cravings of a social nature begin to creep into his skull*
wtf is wrong! castle age is being a bitch!
my cat is stabbimg me with his razor sharp claws! i'm gonna throw his ass in the nearest snow bank!
stressed a muscle at work today   almost the whole right side of my back is screaming at me   i can't even stand up straight while i walk  lol 
just found a bucnh of photos from my senior year of high school   it was for my journalism class senior year   why in the hell did i take pictures of people's shoes!?
i found my marbles!
"to any and all gendounians, we pwn "
"oh, gendounians, the person i suggested was <propfemale> from chat if you are confused"
i declare a poke war!!!!!!!
a poke war is afoot!
"might not be working today  safe at work won't open, so store can't open till it opens  lol  laugh  hopes for extra day off!"
"faaaaaaaaaaaaaawking work sucked! nothing worked right, the safe is broke so a safe cracker dude thingy <propfemale> <propmale> is gonna come in and open it tomorrow  managers are useless, i move 4 times faster than they do  people going apeshit over how slow we were when we were slammed at lunch  can i please burn down that store!?"
gonna go kill things on xbox  wanna join? gt: phantomfreak70 or text me for those who know me  might be modern warfare 2 but is willing to play other things
meh   off to work i go   =_=
for some strange reason feels the need to cuddle   dunno why   
the sound of the wind is soothing   
"i want to do something   one day off and my skin is crawling  looking at the time my brain screams \fawk! i work in the next 10 hours   \"" """
another 24+ hours off   god i need something to keep me occupied   
is gonna go pass out     
-sigh- sleep is creeping up on my like a cold  only to wake to another day of dissatisfied people and crummy employees  makes being with friends all the more craved   
off to sleep again to awake and repeat the same boring process all over again   
my cat is draped accross my lap and is nuzzling my hand as i type this   he bit me   i love him   but he is a pest sometimes 
everyone! i just lost the game   loss #208
i need a new job   need a car   hell i need a change in direction 
gha im so fucking bored!
is heading to bed  any and all questions comments or gripes can be left in the comment box below   i'll check back in 6 hours  (seriously   i will  turn around shifts suck ass   )
bored   once more *slams head on desk*
i feel better now
you know   i had something to say but now i don't   only thing to say is i can geek out this weekend   other than that i dunno 
"late night, cool breeze coming through the window   just a few more things and it would be a better time "
tomorrow should be a good day   i hope   
mmmmmm   tacos    
"all it takes is one hug, and all the negativity within just vanishes "
for the love of god gendounians! chill the fuck out!
i'm wearing a pair of pants that i wear around the house cause there is a hole in the crotch   the hole just got bigger   what did i do!?  surprise 
currently playing around with the audacity program
ok done playing around
another night where silence overtakes me   
11pm feels like 2am when you aren't doing anything   
i have tommorow off   except for the whole taking poncho back to the vet and dinner with father  other than that   i get to sleep in   though i do miss my gf   t_t
back from a day long no show on fb   life is very good  joyful 
i cannot describe how bored i'am atm   
i don't want to goto work today   i just want to stay home and play games or spend the whole day with the girl i love 
"this past day could not have gone any better  finally able to drive again, kicked ass in mw2, and watched a really cool movie with my awesome gf, <propfemale> (i hated watching you go though t_t)  the feeling i have now is   gha it's that feeling where nothing can touch you  where you feel a ton lighter, and feel as if everything aligned just right just for you  i think the full <propfemale> played small a role in it too   "
all is right in my world!!! at least i can now stop overthinking   
today is gonna be fun   gotta work at 8am   gonna get close to 5 hours of sleep   and i work till 4pm  and it's sunday   it's gonna be a bloody fucking sunday  it always is 
"we have a new internet provider! issue is, fucking wireless on the router will not work! so i'm using another person's signal to use the net  i'm a fawking pirate mates! plus, i can't play xbox live!!!! urge to kill at high levels! no release in sight!"
i fixed the wireless network here! now i have full power!
gots me a haircut 
"as the pitty patter of rain outside my window serenades away, i cannot help but find myself nodding off here at the keyboard  the rain is letting up now   i can hear the pauses between drops lengthening   maybe i need to sleep too, and allow the rain to put me to sleep "
"yes! the last time i saw this movie i was like   5! \the adventures of baron munchausen\"" is by far the best movie i saw as a kid """
"some chud on xboxlive got a wild hair up his ass and thinks the best way to get back and a friend and i is to hack our accounts  so in case he does happen to do such a feat, i sent a message to all of those i want to keep as friends and keep playing with, telling them my secondary account  in case you have an xboxlive account, my primary gamer tag is: phantomfreak70, my \noob\"" account is: raggnorok """
why do i feel like break from pandora hearts right now? *um cha um cha*
"my room now smells like \caribbean salsa\"" """
brain is burnt! wanna kill things to lighten mood   
saw the firefight 2 0 trailer   tasty! now to get some food   
the wait is killing me!!!!!!!!!
"wtf children!? (gendounian directed phrase ) whats with the whole \we're dating!\"" \""no we aren't\"" \""grrrr i hate your dating descicions!\""\",b965b17899a309b8f5682b7e95f609a9,ok   you know that feling when you haven't seen a certain someone   and you really want to be with them   all i have to say is my brain is on fire!!!!!!!!
fell asleep with the headphones on   woke up with them off my head and on full blast half a foot away from my head  batteries didn't even die  that is one good mp3 for 8 hours  joyful 
news flash   its fucking hot!
thanks for all the bithday wishes   and now to sleep   
"and so, i lay my dog to sleep for the last time   may he rest well and his pains no longer aile him "
my boss has yet to notice i put a rolled up sticker on her hair tie   it looks like it is a part of it   but i know the truth 
"customer: can i have 20 frozen drinks?\\me: h-h-how many!?\\customer: 20\\me: ok   you do know its gonna take a while right?\\the machine haaaaaates me "
less than a week till otakon 2010  this time gonna take lots of pictures and tons of video 
there is a little boy that just dry humped the table infront of me  even on break i see some fucked up shit 
"here we go again! getting ready for the three day trip to otakon  after i kill my microphone for tripping me for the last time (happened just now)! this year lots more pictures and lots more video  hopefully i can come home with a bit more than just a few manga and a couple dvds  and as a bonus, i'm not going alone this year "
i have already been given the urge to choke a squealing fangirl   
good first day  got here with no hassels  made a few friends  have my costume  all in all a slight headache  but things are all good 
half tempted to go from just a coke to a beer 
fire alarm at the con  gf and i are at bar and grill at my hotel  all is good  the chips here are awesome  i know where im staying next year now 
apparently its time for the rave   toooooo many people 
i think i know why i dont like gaia online anymore 
"why do i have the opening credits song from \once upon a time in china\"" stuck in my head?"""
messing with people is fun   especially if they are of a somewhat innocent mind
bwahahahahahah! the storm has hit! i love the chaos it brings 
i started work at 12 surprise 5pm   i was supposed to get off at 8pm  coworker called in sick due to diahrrea  so im stuck here till 10pm   shoot me 
i so cannot feel a thing right now   im drinking with by brother right now and we have killed a bottle of gentleman  <propfirst> and half a bottle of rum   i ca
n stil spell rofl!!!
why is no ones cellphone working!?
"\it's my job to help those who suffer from chronic bitch dependency \"" ~a pimp named slickback~"""
it's late at night   i'm beyond bored   i just feel like ranting  about a lot of things   life   people in messed up relationships   work  my actual brain is trying to dig itself out of the vacuum known as restlessness  you know what   you'll see it in a note soon 
the storm we just had flooded the main entrance to the store with a puddle   rained so hard you could only see about 20 feet in front of you 
well   cross them fingers and toes cause i'm hoping my skills as a gamer puts me in line for a job 
i really miss my gf   like its hitting me hard and it sucks 
fucking manager e playful ects me to take a 10 minute break an hour before i clock out for the day  i really hate my fucking job!
"things as of late are interesting at best  today isnt all too busy, spent time with <propfemale>, summer is dying down  finally i get to see some snow "
spam ham and fucking eggs! what else do you not understand!?
picture i'm a dreamer  i'll take you deeper  down to the sleepy glow  time is alone    don't you know? what are we going to do?
"its interesting how i can be \big brother\"" for some people """
this veggie burger tastes like meatloaf to me 
i work with idiots   
"i was making a vanilla shake, and spilled it just a moment ago  and the manager asked me \what happened?\""  i told her i was jerking off """
you know   it might be because of my old fashioned thinking that the kids i see walking around the mall with backpacks on are mental rejects from high school 
"i pity them, yet despise them for the life they squander inside a mall walking instead of having their head in a book learning something  work first, fun later "
"then these people walking around with headphones on  is it a personal soundtrack they move to, or is it a want to sever themselves from society in public?"
another rant from a restless soul   
"you know its impatient people who piss me off  not rude, not arrogant, not uncooth, nor ungreatful  impatient people who assume things will work in their favor"
i have worked fast food for a grand total of 5 years  and i have gone through several phases while working here 
"i know i need a new job, but where i live, and given the current state of the job market, its not as easy as saying \then go get a new job \"""""
dont you think i've tried looking? people come here looking for a job   kinda tells me they have been looking as well but not as successful 
"a british comedian brought this to my attention  he sstarted talking about god and satan, and how he was an athiest  he said since satan was cast out of heaven,"
for doing bad things  those who do bad things in life and get sent to hell   wouldnt they be allies to satan? since they forsake god and disobeyed him   
they would be more like buddies than souls dammed to be eternally tortured  imma let you guys simmer on that 
i know its bad to giggle at ones misfortune   but life has a funny way of telling you if you are worthy to be a parent or not  she cant find her child 
"bad thing it is, truly, to lose track of your child  but would you be a bit more attentive if you are in a mall with hundreds of people?"
im a horribly brutally honest person at times   at that was one of them 
"i dont like it when i have to shave   cause everyone who sees my naked face says \you look like a baby!\""  thats why i prefer the scruff over naked face """
i find it funny that we as an nation have assigned a small collective of people to determine if we are or arent in a recession 
i see that as squandering resources which could be better put to use aiding the job market 
if things havent noticably gotten better   maybe we are still in a recession 
dear world   why in gods name are you dressing me up as a blueberry for work!?
lets also not forget to mention the twitard inspired name tags i get to wear  we just had new nametags displaying what positions we can work  wtf is this bs!?
"god forbid that fast food fashion is out of date, now we gotta look like twits up front and in drive-thru  great now im informed there is uniform underwear   "
the shake weight   the greatest way to practice masturbation while you lose weight 
"i think theres a condition called \perpetual wtf look\"" cause this guy who is walking around has a constant cocked eyebrow    oh and how about them skins?"""
another late night talking to myself  oh! beat fallout: new vegas  it wont let you continue   
you ever look at a person and blurt out the first thing in your head without even thinking? i called a customer pregnant  who is an asshole!? this dumbass is!
i took two excedrin a couple hours ago to kill a headache and went back to sleep   i feel slightly numb in both arms  i did sleep on them funny though 
"apparently with the release of kinect for the 360, burger <propmale> is doing the toy promotion for it "
"why must this new generation be plauged with overly dramatic women? i blame \teenage novels\""  due to it glorifying the lying backstabbing young women persona """
"san <propfirst> has banned happy meals from being sold in their city if the calorie content goes over a specified amount  twas done in the name of \food justice\"" """
some children should come with a mute button    cause i think some kids need a constant mute till age 13 
the prodigy is stuck in my head   
i still haz my trollin powahs!
i snatched a fly out of mid air! and squeeeeshed it  ( joyful )
at work   on break   eating subway  listening to system of a down  shweeeeeeeeeeeeeet 
"jesus: i'll take that gun, shove it in your ass and pull the trigger till it goes click \lebowski: jesus    \jesus: thats right! nobody fucks with the jesus   "
"all together now!!!\\huuuuuuuuuur derp derp hurderperderp!!"
they keep throwing away mah newspaper   imma read it dammit!
tomorrow   shugo will come to full realization  lets just hope i do well with his progression into the man known as shugo kagasawa 
just watched tfs dragon ball z abridged   i can't feel my sides   
for those who dont know   there is a lunar eclipse going on and its halfway through its eclipse 
my co-workers are blaring christmas music   in spanish   
whats up people!?
i now have team fortress 2 for the pc   guess what i can't do   play tf2! faaaaaaaaawk!
god dammit   apparently i need to buy a new tower since the one i have cannot have it's ram e playful anded past 1gb   hopefully i can get one from the refurbished pc store without the hdd already in it  that way i won't have another hard drive just floating around 
i have a hungering for a deathburger   with cheese 
"dear world   why did you take good graphics, decent characters, wonderful music, and give it so many diverging plot lines that it makes the game suuuuuck?"
i fucking hate life!
"i moved around waaaay too much tonight   i'm coughing a lot  all in all, twas a very joyful night "
dude there is lightning snow!
can't sleep
im an idiot worrying my head over such a small issue  i just now realized that 
trying to quiet the voices in his head
ugh   it's gonna be valentines day here soon 
got bored   drew a tree and a path to something   and brain stopped
"i will say this   after working with spanish women for years, they love to overembelish shit "
just woke up
i'm gonna go get lost in killing things   join me on xbox live if interested  gt: phantomfreak70
"\oh the winter winds litter london with lonely hearts  but the warmth in your eyes swept me into your arms  was it love or fear of the cold that lead us through the night  with every kiss your beauty trumped my doubt   \"""""
"music is my muse  my shepard, my guidepost, my blood  it is the base of my emotions and is also the fuel that drives them  my heart can be quelled by it, and my mind can be enraged with it  it can help me disappear and aid in my return  it is my soul "
lol   yeah you'd do that
i've gotta say with the whole internet at my fingertips   i'm quite bored   
at least i can still make people smile ( joyful )
so tired   *passes out*
super bowl sunday and not a soul in sight here at work 
my coworkers keep asking me about my gf  i keep telling them i dont have one  but now that i think about it   9 months   what did i get out of it?
guess what snitches! just got my taxes back 
aaaaand i'm bored   
sometimes i wonder if i'm a good friend or not to some people   
well i now have a laptop 
starting the long task of ripping all my music from all the cds i have   
ive got the next 3 days off   and i've got nothing to do   
brother just gave up on metro 2033   he says the shotgun is amazingly underpowered   lol
children   it is children who bicker and fuss over who gets to negotiate with the mushroom <propmale> 
my ass has finally begun to eat my hand! it hungers     for mooooore    
i swear   some children need to be taught when to shut up
"heres a good quote for ya  \tis a fool who looks into the garden of <propfemale> and sees not the snake but the woman instead \"""""
i love how ignorant customers draw the most bullshit assumptions of an eating establishment just so they can bitch  makes me wonder if i should sell soap boxes 
guess what snitches! i'am now able to watch vids on youtube with no ads   you mad bro?
watching gurren lagann   they killed kamina! you bastards!!!
"the more and more i read up on earthquakes and the evidence supporting theories and such   the us seems due for one soon  either new madrid fault line or the san <propmale> fault line could be next  and as much as i hate to say it, it might cause the yellowstone national park volcanic caldera to rupture  if so the whole world is in for a huge shit storm should this all happen  unlikely but still possible "
lets start off the day with going into work 2 hours early followed by your boss leaving you with only 2 other employees to goto a sick employee at the hospital 
its <propfirst> walken's birthday today    fear the walken!
came home to the cats bleeding foot again   hes all bandaged up and mad at me for holding him while sis wrapped his foot 
apparently there is a tax deduction for having fat children in illinois  i find it sad they actually had to go that far   
"customer(nurse):may i have a small drink?\me annoyed ure, do you want the 16oz cup or the 20oz cup?\customer(nurse):whats the difference?\me: -head e playful lodes-"
"the u s  navy bought 59,000 microchips for use in everything from missles to transponders  all of them turned out to be counterfeits from <propfemale> "
"my turn i guess  like for answers \\if you died annoyed if you tripped on a rock: \if you cry: \if you live next door: \if i woke up next to you: \   if you kiss me: \do i like your profile picture: \do i see you in my future annoyed do i regret meeting you annoyed do you make me smile:"
please   no more turn around shifts   
"boredom, background music, and thinking  good way to end the night i guess?"
wide awake and just passing time 
"i'am amazed at our leaders   the plan they wish to enact on the debt ceiling will only last a few months, giving them time to come up with a better plan "
should'nt we have done something about this a year ago rather than run around like chickens with their heads cut off?
guess what! looks like obama will be giving a speech on the stalemate on the debt ceiling at 9pm  i'm curious as to what is to be said    
huh   the room is spinning slightly 
croutons are officially a snack food 
path of exile    hmmm  me likey 
the bed beckons me so   *passes out*
ok   for a second there my laptop thought caps lock meant caps is off   
can't sleep    shouldn't have taken a nap earlier
absolutely nothing to do  clanmates are mia  games have a loss of interest  just another boring night 
i'm confused as to why i feel somewhat guarded against  talking to me is easier than you may think  just try me 
just got back from a bar and grill
"back to square one  if only women were more adept at being straightforward and not dropping \hints\"" like we were in highschool  and to include their backstabbing conniving \""friends\"" who \""look out for their friends\""  please   allow me to find a more mature woman  one who isn't afraid to tell it like it is """
god dammit so pissed i can't even try to fall asleep
"london is on fire, <propfemale> is losing it's shit over stocks, and the middle east is spilling the blood of it's own people \\sign of the times?"
just ripped a flea in half    bwahahaha
i want tes5 and mw3 to be out nao! need something new to play!
gha! it feels like it's 12am but it's almost 9   need a distraction 
"who would win in a fight   conan the barbarian or conan o`brian?\\my money   o`brian  his orange hair alone would demolish anything barbarian boy has to offer "
"now i want to watch rurouni kenshin   and not samurai x  they call him \the slasher\""   he's \""the manslayer\"" not some crappy 1980s horror film villian """
power recliners   americans are so lazy we need to take power window technology and add it to our chairs  -facepalm-
can't go wrong with rum   straight or mixed  can't go wrong with it 
bed   need a bed   
"i worked my ass off for $362 80  that was my paycheck for the past two weeks  now here is the fuc<propmale> hilarious part  apparently that check bounced   again  and it's a paycheck from burger <propmale>  i goto the atm to pull out rent money and turns out, after the withdrawal, i'm in the hole $304  the paycheck bounced  it   fuc<propmale>   bounced  so i had to take $400 from savings to cover what would have caused me more money out of pocket had i not noticed  get your shit in gear burger <propmale>!"
the cdc is now giving the us citizens advice on how to survive a zombie apocolypse   god help us all 
watching top gear on bbc   its official  british city dwellers cannot camp to save their souls 
um   when did facebook get video chat?
"i have to giggle at myself  for all the wisdom and advice i can give, it is hard to follow it myself  but i'm trying   "
ok   now facebook is like skype but with full fleshed out profiles instead of witty one liners  but no multiple videos callers at the same time  weird 
we have new napkins   i can tell because they are pinkish   
i know the truth  and im better because of it 
you know what scares me about some nurses   they cant do math  lemme stress that for ya   some nurses cant do math
i! gives no fucks  wanna know why? cause i know what is right   i know the truth and nothing will change that 
"i'm the one who should have been asked what was true and what was a lie  not what was told to you by a third party  i know what was said, and never twisted any words to suit myself  that was the third party that did that not me "
"watching \a clockwork orange\"""""
bed   time for bed   
or not   
"hmmm   since chat wont work, inbox me instead "
there was a fucking earthquake  lol
oooohh   the sky is a pretty shade of red   
"dear facebook,\\you come out with new features almost all the time, which your users utilize in order to improve their use of the applications and website you provide  is it too much to ask to not let messages drop, not go through, or e playful erience the lagtastic moments i had earlier today?\\i know there may be glitches and whatnot, but a 6 hour lagfest between two phones and you, facebook, should not go unnoticed \\sincerely yours,\slightly disgruntled user"
misaki <propfemale> i'm so sorry   damn facebook makes me seem like a stalker   
i feel accomplished   i made a woman blush  joyful 
"looking outside right now, with all this cloud cover, one would think it was close to nighttime   and it kinda feels like that "
i hear thunder   and not the wimpy low rolling kind   the kind that crackles evilly  and all i do is smile   
playing dead island   and have a couple issues   first   why in gods name is an irishman on an island off the coast of australia!? second   why is the face posing and lip syncing absofugginlutely horrible?
i said id drink for you   lol
"just had a customer sneeze so hard, he looked like he hovered above the ground for a moment, and landed looking bewildered    lol"
"i   have wheels now   it's a 1999 chevy cavalier with 89230 <propmale> on it  no issues  excellent condition, aside from some cracks on the interior plastic and paint missing from the roof  kbb puts it at about $3,000ish dollars give or take a few hundred) only going to pay $1600 "
nevermind   it was sold anyways and the people who bought it just went by to pick it up 
