d62aaff9bb00621015eb32dfe2717b26
haha facebooks awesome  laugh 
i don't feel so good  annoyed 
x-men origins is awesome
dude!!!!! im gonna go see shinedown!!!
what a bummer
you cannot beat the original dragonforce song through the fire and flames  laugh 
i wanna see a movie
woah dude its raining  laugh 
i learned how to make a cyber cookie!!!  [: smile 
looking for angels
you've gotta love this weather!  laugh 
the skit guys are amazing
grab the cookie!!!       [: smile 
searching for new clothes       maybe a new hoodie?
eets almost friday!!!
"ahhh i love these kind of weekends, you know with the extra day and all?  laugh "
timber me shivers  laugh 
"halloween is over, friends  sad  but i do love november and december, everyone seems to be a lot happier  smile "
music and myspace+facebook
"\what is it that makes us human? not something you can program  you can't put it in a chip  it's the strength of the human heart  that's the difference between us and machines \"" -<propfirst> connor-terminator salvation"""
rest easy tonight everybody  smile 
hmmmmm        super bowl party anyone?
h  o  t  w  i  r  e  hotwire com!    laugh 
"trying to learn how to play \this is halloween\"" on piano      harder than it looks  annoyed """
theres a little <propmale> that there is no school tomorrow    
bout to watch avp             laugh 
i can play through the fire and flames!                   on keyboard lol  laugh 
work soon     
where is my ipod?! d:<
aaaaarrrggghhh whay must the g chord be so hard?
      im really confused
this itunes up date is taking too long     
i ont know what to do today
well that was quite a weekend! still wish that i rode on the front of the rollercoaster with a certain someone!!!  laugh dd
i never really thought fireflies would be a good song     man was i wrong!  laugh 
well im grounded again  annoyed  when will i learn?  laugh 
just finished one of the best books i've ever read
my leg hurts!! d:
"\who are the stars? who are the stars that lie?\"""""
how can i tell you just all that you are?
dang  its times like these that make me question whether if my friends are really friends       besides a couple of people of course
hey-oh
"god, i need help "
seventh day slumber concert next friday!!! cant wait!  laugh 
haha! i will be victorious in this  laugh 
im seeing way too many people i know going down a bad path 
and yet another project for my 6th period     
"\   this is the last night i'll spend alone   \"""""
i drowned my ipod  sad 
hmmm my mind seems to like to piss me off   
hmm no wednesday night tonight    bummer       i turn 16 in 3 weeks!!!  laugh dddd
wow this underoath band is pretty good  and the best part is that its christian  laugh 
i might get a new phone tomorrow!  laugh 
im turning 16 next month!!! ugh its so close     
heeeeeyyy oooohhh
<propfemale> was pretty cool
i just got a new phone  laugh 
being 16 feels pretty awesome  laugh  thank you everybody for wishing me a happy birthday!
ugghh i want to go boating  dang oil 
and yet another best friend moves away      
thinking thinking thinking
crash    crash    burn  sad 
well    this sucks  sad (
"\destruction leads to a very rough road but it also breeds creation  and earthquakes are to a girls guitar just another good vibration  and tidal waves couldn't save the world from californication \"""""
big family reunion today with over 100 people o o im not gonna know anybody and they're all gonna be related to me! this is gonna be crazy  laugh 
i learned a new song on guitar!  laugh 
"haaaaands across the water, water\haaaaands across the sky"
i cant wait until the deathly hollows movie comes out!
i just figured out how to read tabs     this makes guitar playing a lot easier  laugh 
playing guitar
music  guitar  facebook  texting 
i feel like i dont even have a friend to talk to anymore
work tomorrow dx
we i was younger i saw my daddy cry and curse at the wind
working today     im gonna have to miss church d:
back from work  panama city was very interesting lol
i cant believe this! i like an eminem song! how has it come to this?  laugh dd lol
yes!!! i just found a song i haven't heard in forever since i was like 10 years old!! wow it brings back memories    pandora radio is the best  laugh 
well this sucks my phone wont seem to plug into my computer   
"well i just want school start now, summer's been so boring to me"
lost my phone  annoyed 
i am really not liking my parents right now  annoyed 
the sum is 41  under the oath  there's a bucket on his head! play it cold  the force of the dragon  today is green  the prophets are lost  city of owls  a hotel in tokio  mars is 30 seconds away 
"when it comes to music, my favorites change constantly"
okay so the devil wears prada is definetely my favorite screamo band now
"ummm so yeah, my lunch table is awesome  laugh "
bout to go to work       
i dont wanna go to work!!! dx
hmmm   two big mistakes in one week  
"i swear, sometimes i wish my life was like an owl city song lol"
ask me anything you want (only in my inbox of course) and i will answer it with full honesty 
 laugh d i get an electric guitar soon!!!
i need new pics lol
it turns out that in order to scream correctly you must use your nasal or something like that  using your throat just hurts
hangin at sjoerd's
"hangin at sjoerds   again haha, bout to go to <propfirst>'s party"
what a delightful turn of events  smile ))
"engineering: interview an engineer due whenever, biology: 50 <propfemale> notebook due tomorrow, english: 1000 word essay due thursday  i've only finished one of those things  surprise "
this halloween is sucking really bad   
this cell project is is taking foreverr
so i'm like starting to listen to other stuff besides just rock now
im hoping we can make some wishes outta airplanes   
"whats up with the \why whats ups\""    """
why wasssup
god i hate this feeling  annoyed 
"standing on the rooftops, everybody scream you heart out   "
why do i get depressed so easily   
   im stretching but your just out of reach
<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows was probably one of the best movies i've been to in a long time  smile 
i love those songs that remind you of stuff  playful 
jaylin
bout to go to steinhatchee  laugh 
you seem to be the only thing on my mind   
happy thanksgiving everybody  smile 
steinhatchee was crazy this year  laugh 
duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh <-----a day to remember  laugh 
why is everybody putting cartoons as their profile pics lol
i love listening to songs nobody has heard of  laugh 
chillin at sjoerd's with <propfirst>
(*don't drop your arms   )
this week better go by fast   
hardcore <propfemale> music  laugh dd
the last airbender sucks d:<
i totally got a seafoam green colored electric guitar for christmas  laugh 
this song never gets old  laugh 
they had drums and guns and guns and drums huroo! huroo!  laugh 
im so lost without you   
hehe i just purchased an album about zombies  laugh 
"from muse to paramore, owl city to red hot chili peppers, the devil wears prada to dropkick murphys, and rise against to lostprophets  music is amazing  laugh "
exams! aaaahhhh! dx
meltdown  laugh dd
"\being human\"" is one of the best tv series i've seen in a long time"""
i made like 3 pages of notes for tomorrows quiz in biology lol
"\the pick of destiny\"" is a freakin awesome movie"""
dude  anberlin needs to come to florida
i havent played my electric guitar in foreva
dude that one dude on american idol has tourretes!
the relay for life thing at escambia was pretty cool
bout to go to work till 10   ugh
