9e5f20bdfe4ed8112cc50037627a0aa4
bring on the weight loss    because i am so going to win this! i am pumped!
home! oh how i have missed the internet! how sad is that??
done with the first book and i can't believe how addicted i am!
i am super excited about celebrating my birthday this weekend! bring on the excitement!
why do i let the past interfere with how far i have come now in the present!
what an awesome birthday camping trip! thanks friends   you are all amazing!
kinda looking forward to putting 26 behind me!
thank you everyone for the many birthday wishes and celebrations  i am so blessed to have so many wonderful friends!
children amaze me! there have been so many days that my mood has changed due to the simple acts of children and their joy for life!
<propfemale>'s pool party today   i am so excited!
i hate days like today when i can't seem to dismiss negative thoughts out of my head!
there is always another <propmale> to pay   does it ever get any easier?
one more day of work and than 2 days off!!time to have some fun  smile 
i am not sure where my day went  maybe i should get out of the house and do something!
i am happy but realizing there is a big part missing in my life!
i really want to go to the shock game this weekend! anyone else want to go?
is excited for <propfemale> and i's christmas in july party on the 25th   so many ideas already!
i think i have finally decided it is time to start studying for the nursing exam again! shocker i know!
helping <propfemale> paint her kitchen today  i am so excited   i love to paint!
one more little thing added on to all the other little things might (probably will) cause me to loose it! grrr   
i need to start sleeping at night so i don't have to take 4 hr naps in the afternoon!
after chasing an inner tube down <propfirst> i am now ready to do some reviewing for the nclex!
so excited to go float the river today!
too many adventures on the river today   including loosing 2 sets of car keys!
studying! so much to know and understand   not sure even where to begin!
i am so excited about saturday that everyother day seems to drag on!
i just worked from 4 smile 0 am till 5:15 pm straight   what a long day! and now i get to go back in less than 12 hrs  sad 
it is tomorrow! i am so excited!
last night was so much fun! i really think christmas in july is going to have to be an annual event!
i want to go camping this weekend   any suggestions of good places to go near water!
my work day was way too long and a bit too eventful today! ready to go watch some baseball with friends!
yeah   2 days off!! who wants to <propfemale> out?
prankin' it up   and lovin' it!
i quickly realized after stepping on a treadmill to run how horribly out of shape i am! not a good feeling!
the number of things that i have procrastinated on recently has gotten so big i am now forgeting about them! not good!
it should not bother me but it does   i should not care!
fyi   i have a talent for pushing people away  sad 
off for 2 days! a very much needed break from work!
i am attempting to make cinnamon rolls from scratch for the first time   hopefully things work out
i wish i had another day to recover from the weekend   oh well it was worth it!
the one that should be so much more!
i need someone to be me for a week and get my life back together for me   any volunteers  wink 
exhausted   time for bed!
getting excited for the weekend even though i don't have any plans yet!
i get to sleep in tomorrow!!yeah!
i don't want summer to end! can we start it all over again?
"\the better part of one's life consists of his friendships \""  - <propmale> <propmale>"""
thanks <propfirst>! i had no idea you had so many pictures of me  smile !!
"i just saw \the ugly truth\"" i was laughing pretty much the entire time!"""
only 2 weeks till flogging <propfemale>!
i want to go to pig out in the park tomorrow night  anyone want to join me?
i had a really fun laid back night! and now i have to work in 3 hours    this should be interesting!
montana bound with a lot of coffee to drink and some music to pump me up! i will not fall asleep!!  smile 
"september is not a good time to see waterfalls in glacier! and the \weeping wall\"" was definately just dripping!"""
my parents laughed at me when i said we should go on the zip line at big mountain! i guess that isn't going to happen 
stoked to be back in spokane but not excited about the 10 days of work i have ahead of me!
in 3 days i have gone from having a house with 2 roommates    to no roommates and giving notice and not having a place to live   to thinking about living in a camper or on couches   to now being offered the opportunity to live with two amazing people  the future really does change quick! thank you <propfemale> and <propmale>!
i am so excited about going to see flogging <propfemale> on wednesday and just as excited that i don't have to work at 4 am the next morning anymore!
making a cheesecake tonight!
the flogging <propfemale> concert was amazing!! i really did not know what i was getting myself into    my feet hurt so bad today but it was 100% worth it!
i am so ready for deutsche fest! this is going to be an awesome weekend!
i am feeling a little lost    sad 
vikings win! oh yeah!  2-0 so far this season!
i don't even know where to start with packing   moving is way too time consuming!
pulling a wagon with 2 kids in it is a lot harder than you would think!   workout for today   check!
i am starting to get excited about this weekend again! bring it on!
tgif!!!! off to work i go!
red wine and packing are the perfect combination!
excited for the home opener for hockey tonight and than hanging out with a pretty awesome group of friends!
great friends   drinks   a fire   good conversation with lots of laughter and maybe a little bit of packing sounds like the perfect plan for this evening!
3 days off and alot of organizing to do    i hate moving! time to get rid of stuff!
i am super excited for monday night football! now i just have to find somewhere to watch it!
it has been a very uneventful weekend   which is just what i needed!
sometimes the best thing to do is to get rid of everything that connects you to another person so that you can fully move on!
"i hate that today was only my \monday\"" and i am already in need of a day off!"""
words of advice   when drinking with <propfemale> know that she is an amazing hostess but you will be better off if you fill your own glass  smile 
i love that i get to watch my too favorite sports today live! football and hockey   my day can not get much better  smile 
confession   it is almost 2 and i am still in bed! i never do this!
i just bought my halloween costume! i am so ready to go back to the 50's!
ready to watch some amazing women play hockey! this should be exciting!
got my halloween costume! i love it! now i just need to work on my self confidence to wear it  smile 
moderation    thats all i need to say about that!  smile 
what was i thinking??  sad 
i love that i just realized the night before the party that my costume is an xs not a large   and the whole time i have been stressing! definately not a size 0-2  wow!!!
i had an awesome time last night! i loved having so many friends in one place 
is it bad that it is after halloween but i still want to carve my pumpkin!
i need some motivation!!!!
"i am so done with being sick! hopefully the \drug store\"" <propfemale> brought me today will help  smile """
you have to just try it!     go to the bottom of your facebook <propfemale> and change the language to english (pirate) it is awesome!
i was told again tonight that i have not seen enough good movies so i need everyones help    what movies do i absolutely need to see?
"working at my \old\"" starbucks tonight  it has been a long time and i am really excited!"""
i might have just changed the course of my life with a couple words    scary but exciting! right choice    i am still not sure!
"i've learned that if you pursue happiness, it will elude you but, if you focus on your family, your friends, the needs of others, and doing the very best you can, happiness will find you"
"<propmale> lake, a pitcher of sangria, shots fired, 21   oh i mean 22 sighting, 4 <propfemale> trash cans   oh what a night but totally worth it!"
two more days of work and than i don't work again till thanksgiving! i am so ready for a break from it all!
"montana here i come! 6 days of no work, family time, and lots of amazing food!"
little sisters always get their way   i love you but you know it is true!
i am so excited to have thanksgiving with my family tomorrow! i am so thankful that we can all be together! it has been a long time!
due to all my mom's amazing skills in the kitchen i think i am going to come back to spokane tomorrow 10 lbs heavier! so worth it  smile 
home sweet home! but spending thanksgiving at starbucks   please come visit me!
it is amazing to me how much a 2 year old can make me laugh! i forget all too often about the simple things in life  smile 
i can't even e playful lain how excited i am to have a day off tomorrow   9 days straight of work really got to me! oh what should i do tomorrow??
oh how i love red wine  smile 
going to find an ugly christmas sweater for the hockey game tonight   that should not be hard to find!
nervous!!
is it really almost christmas    because it doesn't feel like it! it is going to be really different this year  sad 
i spent 10 1 2 hours of my christmas at starbucks  sad  it was a very different day so i might have to have my own christmas another day!
making $24 hour just made working 10 hrs on christmas completely worth it!
it is crazy to think that if things would have gone as planned i would be celebrating 4 years of marriage today   things really do happen for a reason!
blue
"i had a great first week of \starbucks biggest loser\"" but this coming week is going to be even better! oh yeah!"""
so excited for saturday    i haven't gone out downtown in a long time and it will be great to spend time with friends!
"going into week #3 of \starbucks biggest loser\"" and still going strong! i feel so much better and love the extra energy i have!"""
don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it   the time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use   ~earl nightingale
i am searching for that part of myself that i found a few months ago   the confident and strong side of me   i need to find that again!
is hoping the vikings play their best game this season today!
just went to my first zumba class    i love it! learning how to shake my hips!
frustrated! 3 weeks of working out 5-7 days week and i haven't lost anything the last couple weeks! i am starting to lose my motivation  sad 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
a glass of wine can make almost any day better!
mmmm   cap'n crunch! thank you rosauers cereal sale for making me feel like a kid again!
i am sick again! when will i get a break?
finally feeling better! goal for the next 6 months = staying healthy!
in great falls for a couple of days to take care of my mom after her surgery  i told her i was going to have to put a shock collar on her because she keeps trying to do things she shouldn't be doing!
i am so excited to have my computer up and running again!
taxes done   check   bills paid    check    half a bottle of wine gone   check!!!
45 mins on the treadmill + 30 mins lifting + 1 hour zumba class = one burnt out <propfemale>! i may have pushed myself a little too much!
i love my car   but i have the worst luck with it!
so excited about my new phone! i have a feeling i may be distracted few a few days!
<propmale> and dunn and <propfirst> aldean in concert tonight! i am more than excited smile 
"tough girls come from ny  sweet girls they're from alabama  montana girls, we have fire & ice in our blood! we can ride horses, ski, snowmobile, throw left hooks, build fires, shoot guns, run with the boys & drink beers; all the while making hot tea, apple pies & callin you babe  if we have an opinion you know you're gonna hear it, nothin like bein a montana girl! if you're a true montana girl repost this!!"
just found out    in 2 weeks i will be 1 of 4 assistant managers for starbucks in the spokane area!
first day as an assistant manager! exciting and a little scary at the same time!
lesson learned    know exactly what is in your car so if it is broken into i will know if i am missing anything  sad 
thank you so much everyone for wishing me a happy birthday! it meant alot to me  i had a really good day and don't feel any older smile 
i am so excited to meet the newest member of the webb family today! i can't wait to find out if this new baby is a boy or a girl!
i got my motivation back finally! i signed up for weight watchers again and started back at the gym! goals are set    it is time to achieve them!
pink <propfemale> ties smile  ha    it is going to be awesome!
week one= awesome! 6 2 lbs lost  smile 
tonight    some awesome friends + a reason to celebrate + alcohol = an awesome bachelorette party for <propfemale>! watch out fizzies these girls are ready to have some fun!
got up at 1245 this morning to go salmon fishing smile  i hope we catch some big fish!
excited for a day off tomorrow and than some fun times at the indians baseball game!
i am so excited for the hockey game tomorrow! hockey season is so close now!
excited for the start of football! go vikings!
i got my hair cut and colored yesterday  i love it! thanks corinne smile 
fishing time! hopefully going to catch one bigger than the 25 pounder i got last time smile 
back to work after 10 days off!
exhausted   yet super excited for the chiefs home opener!
my parents are coming tomorrow! hopefully i can think of enough things to do to entertain them!
excited to see the farve moss combination tonight when the vikings take on the jets!
shopping for a halloween costume is so frustrating! i am seriously considering skipping it this year 
i have to be a work at 330am and i can't fall asleep sad  i am going to be so exhausted!
i had so much fun carving pumpkins and watching hockey tonight!
watching football and drinking a beer   great way to start out a sunday!
3rd times the charm    new register system finally launched at our store  bad news is i feel  like a new partner who has no idea what i am doing sad 
i don't know why i am constantly putting so much time into making things right when there are always imperfections to be found and pointed out!
i can't believe it is christmas <propfemale>  with everything going on at work i have not had the time to enjoy the last couple weeks  wish i could rewind time   sad 
off to work    i really hope it is better that last year! people better be nice today!
so excited to go to the first whl outdoor hockey game today! go chiefs!
oh yeah! 11-2!! go chiefs go!!!
so excited to have a girls night out at the hockey game tonight!
13 days till canada and my first nhl game! i am so excited smile 
