2e78279a41f24b3a15f501dd2c2344a3
"wow just heard <propfirst> <propmale> is dead, that's crazy"
"thinks life is just a \bowl full\"" of kittens"""
"work,    , sleep, work,    , sleep, work,    , sleep     whats missing? lol im hungry"
hates packing
"lol sorry about the quiz being sent to the random people, not really sure why it did that"
do i hafta go to work tomorrow?? i dont wanna
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you"
needs a loooong vacation!
yaaaaay im back online!
anyone got any used tires for sale?
thinks people are so close minded
is soooo bored she's doing laundry!
is tired of working 6 days a week for shit hours and shit pay
"off to work   its fun when u get paid and are broke all in the same day, makes me look forward to doing my best and getting nothing in return"
up for 15 minutes and already bored
if my cat is preggers who wants a free kitten? lol i wont know if she is for a couple weeks but i wanna get them homes before they are here!
doesnt wanna work all night!
feels icky today
doesnt wanna work aaaaaaall night
hates citizens bank    dont waste ur time or money there
just needs a plum tree and an apple tree on farmville to get a blue ribbon!
sooooo bored
bored and dont wanna go to work
misses firefox  sad 
"im <propmale> of the trees, im the treemeister"
ugh up too early due to bad dream   why i always gotta wake up 20 minutes too early
vacations almost over =*(
doesnt wanna go back to work
does anyone want a free <propmale> shepard? hes not very good with kids so anyone w o would be best
"hey, go to myspace com odetoorpheus - its my dads band! =-o"
not feeling so great   all f a sudden   its weird
is sooo jealous of daves new phone!
finally a day off! first one in 11 days!
<--------------tired 
does no one use aim anymore?
bored   already 
soooooooo done
loves having the unlimited data lol
does anyone wanna buy a mini fridge? its got a mini freezer too!! = )
needs more hours at work!
"anyone want to donate to the \i'm broke as a joke\"" fund? its not funny like the joke tho lol well a little"""
y r all the cool apps only made for iphone = (
"facebook laws* (1) keep your baby momma daddy, ya boo, your ex, your friend, off your <propfemale> if they cant handle what they see  (2) stop taking every comment or post so seriously or personally or out of context  (3) when you get into it with someone don't post it on your wall   ( grow up)  everyone start today and if you agree, i dare you to repost! fb has destroyed lives and relationships  it's not that serious!!!!"
may be time for shoprite to shit or get off the pot
thank u everyone for the birthday wishes! my phone would not stop ringing yesterday with all ur comments lol!
"3\ years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you  10 years \old: mom whatever   17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years \old: i wanna leave this house  35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom's\ house  50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i would \give up everything for my mom to be here with me     post this on your \wall if you appreciate your mom"
"new drinking game: take a sip everytime someone on taps ghost hunters says \what was that?\"""""
some ppl will never cease to amaze me  u suck as  a friend and maybe one day everyone will see the fraud u have become    have a good life
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow"
i dont wannago to bed  cuz i dont wanna work tomorrow   sad  boooo work
"if your mom is your hero, best friend, or just the best mom ever copy & paste this as your status & let everyone know you are proud of your mom & you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life but you only have one mom? i love you mommy!"
"off to \wonder around\"" some more"""
playing with the tab  bored
where will the day go today?
who else works their butts off just to get back a whoooole lotta nothin??
