2d8ce55f8475f3e7c40bc0b759eb1d30
"i'm feeling blue right now  i try to avoid drama at all\costs, but an act of concern for one of my cousins turned into a situation that\didn't need to happen  i stand by my decision to e playful ress concerns, because she’s\not old enough to voice her own concerns, but why is family so complicated?\adults can protect their own well being and children can't  i will always a\child's side first  don't hate     i won't change"
"went out to lunch with grandma this afternoon  i'm getting a little excited about this weekend  last september, i put in my request to have this weekend off and it looks like i will  i know saturday and sunday for sure     monday and tuesday are iffy  even if it's just saturday and sunday, that's still cool! hoping to see <propmale> while he's in town  <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfemale> are also a must "
"just got home from work! it was packed to the rafters in there all night long  my wawa is stationed right between the bay bridge and most beaches here, so it's a good place to stop for a bathroom break and <propmale> to wet one's whistle  the people i work with are great, though, and we joked and sang our way to the end of the night  now i can look forward to a weekend with <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfemale>  can't wait!"
"wow, june 1  i guess summer is here  how exciting! with every new season comes new promise, though some turn out better than others  here's to a hopefully good summer! i'll be spending it with a six year old that walks, talks, and lives with a uniquely awesome and funny take on life  can't wait! for me, summer kicks off june 14 "
"it's midnight and i just got back from a late night dessert run to the <propfirst>'s to meet up with dad and <propfemale>  they were in town for a meeting  it was good to see them  hope they get back to the other side of <propfemale> safely  ok, that's my little nugget of chrystie life, right now!"
"it's monday night and i have the next three days off! yahoo! less than a week until i start caring for <propfemale>, which will be fun  i'm getting excited about summer now  goals for tomorrow: get hair cut so i can take the top off my jeep without my blowing hair sending me into a ditch and i might buy a bike, possibly "
"wow, i'm getting ready to go out to spend monday to friday of every week at <propfemale> and <propmale>'s and i haven't packed yet  i guess i'll just leave my casual clothes out there so the first packing will be the heaviest  i guess i'm not sweating any of this because, if i forget something, i can always slip home for it  i mean, <propmale> is only twenty <propmale> from cambridge  so excited about hanging with <propfemale> this summer!"
"at <propfemale> and <propmale>'s  had fun at idlewild park with <propfemale> today, but tomorrow is when the cool library programs start  can't wait "
"it's thursday evening and we've had a fun week  i have to go to work the next three days, but that's ok  next monday, the fun starts all over again  next week, a trip to baltimore is in the cards "
"jeez! i don't really keep up with this, do i? i guess it's all the fun i'm having this summer  i can't believe it's almost august! well, anyway, we're planning a trip to ocean city for tuesday to ride the rides  wednesday, we'll go to assateague for a traditional day at the beach  fun times "
"tuesday morning! ocean city today! it's going to be pretty family friendly, though, since we're taking <propfemale>, and how much trouble can you get into with a six-year old? going on the rides and working in a trip to dough rollers for dinner isn't exactly going to land us in the slammer     hopefully "
"back from ocean city! we had so much fun  i can't believe <propfemale> is still awake and playing in the tub as loud and energetically as if she wasn't even fazed by the last twelve hours of sun and fun  wow, i'm beat! everybody should care for a child for a long period of time before they have their own  this summer has opened my eyes "
"went to annapolis today to watch a movie with <propfemale> and her mom, my aunt  we took the sides off the jeep and just went  it was awesome  i love my jeep!"
"nothing much going on today  it was a rough weekend at work, but yesterday at the pool, even though it rained, was a nice break  <propfemale> thought we were crazy for staying through the rain, but she didn't complain as she slogged around the kiddie section with a big smile on her face trying to catch the raindrops on her tongue  it was cute  today we're kicking around the house until her mom comes home and i go to work "
"feeling misunderstood  i’m admittedly not very tactful, because i never intentionally lie  what comes out of my mouth is my god's honest truth; sometimes brutal but always true  i don't talk one game to peoples’ faces and then another behind their backs  i think that's actually ruder than being tactless  i won't change; i probably can't  what i guess i need to do, though, is start knowing when my opinion is wanted "
"btw, good <propmale> we're going to cats vs dogs - the revenge of <propfemale> galore  i like kids movies and being with one this summer has given me a good excuse to go to them     not that it stopped me, ever  i just look less weird when i'm not sitting there alone and a little kid is next to me   wink "
"what a horrible storm we had this morning  i woke up and thought it was sunrise  to my surprise, it was after 9 am  i'm glad it broke because hopefully <propfemale>'s cheerleading practice isn't cancelled  it's fun to go with them and watch her practice  her first game isn't until school goes back into session, but i can't wait to go see it"
"just worked 10 hours that felt like only 6 or 8  i think it has a lot to do with the people we had on tonight  there were two to three people on register and two people in the deli  on top of that, two people doing truck that didn't have to do register or deli     and then, on top of even that, we had the shift runner  we stayed busy, but the feeling of the evening was 'professionally relaxed ' i loved it!"
"well, i just watched where the wild things are with <propfemale> and we're about to go to the pool  hope the rain holds out because mom and <propfemale> are meeting up with us and we're all going  should be fun "
hope it doesn't rain  we're hoping to go to the beach tomorrow 
looks ok today  we'll probably <propmale> it and end up at the beach today 
"i wore my vibram fivefinger ksos to the beach today, more as a footwear thing, and ended up keeping them on through surf and sand  awesome! floating on my back, just past the breakers, i'm sure people were confused to see ten rubber toes sticking out of the water  the only downside was the ten <propfemale> pockets crammed full of sand that i had at the end of the day  upside? my feet are soft from the accidental exfoliation "
"well, it's monday  i just have today and tomorrow and then my summer with <propfemale> comes to an end  that's ok  having my days off to myself again will be nice, too, even though i will miss <propfemale> "
"oh, my god! i had the longest night at work! tonight, they needed me to be a cashier  the electrical feedback i can hear from the four computers facing each other makes it hard for me to think  i wish i couldn't hear it, but it seems my ears and some scanners are the only things that can pick it up  well, at least the buzz goes away if i <propfemale> a little or stand to the side when i’m not ringing  i’ll live  team player!"
"well, house hunting is going well  we have some good prospects  nice neighborhoods or semi-country, and most of them with central air  now's the time to buy, it seems  some of these houses seem like steals "
"tonight was so dead until <propfemale> left at 8 surprise 0  as soon as she did, it was like everybody within a ten-mile radius of the store crawled out from under their rocks, sniffed the air, and could sense there were only four of us left  not normal people, either; the kind that can't do anything and need to be shown the direction of the bathrooms, where the straws and napkins are, and how to work the cat screens  fun times!"
"ok, so it's labor day  kind of a laugh in <propfemale>'s face, this year, with unemploment so out of control  i just hope the creepies and the crazies stay in their cages and under their rocks tonight  fingers crossed  i'm ready for fall     seriously "
"the appointment is at 4:20  <propfemale> has been strong so far  i've been crying on and off all day  we called out to grandma and she's going to allow us to lay <propfemale> to rest next to her dogs  i went out to the shed with <propfemale> and helped her pick out a box, but i can't go to the vet with her  instead i will be going straight out to grandma's to start the hole  i feel like a bad person, but i can't be there when it happens "
"i feel like i've been beaten with a board  we put <propfemale> down today  i dug the hole at grandma's for <propfemale> so it would be ready when they came  it was very sad  and now, even though i know she was getting senile and incontinent, i'm filled with grief and regret  i think we're all numb, right now  <propfemale> has been quiet and weepy, but i've been crying all night  losing a pet is so much harder than words can e playful ress "
"things are getting better for me, but there's still painful moments  <propfemale> still can't look at black cats or any kind of kitten, just yet  she's having a hard time turning her love on the other household cats, feeling guilty that they're still around  she has been going to work, which is good  these things just take time "
"i'm off today, woo hoo! i'm probably going to go to bed in a few hours and, when i wake up, i'm going to do nothing!"
"ahh, i slept so soundly today, rolled out of bed way past noon, went to wawa and got  a hotdog, and now i am doing nothing  it's one of those days "
"i go in at 5pm today and get off at 1am  only a two hour difference from my normal, so that's cool, but i'll probably feel different at 11 and the rest of second shift leaves   surprise "
"two days off! i hope i don't spend the whole time playing \my tribe \"" i'm not a computer nerd  i swear   wink """
"naysayers in the family! they don't think it's a good idea to buy a house  well, considering the fact that what we're prepared to pay in rent is the same as the mortgage would be on the houses we've looked at, i think the bad idea is continuing to throw away money on rent that doesn't build equity!"
"ponder this     1000 years ago, people didn't really have to go to work, as we would define it  people didn't really have 'jobs ' there have always been merchants, of course, and people who provided service to others for a wage, but it wasn't the necessity it is today  why do we work? the answer is because we live in an advanced civilization and people working makes it possible "
"as humans, we're attached to our emotions, but civilized society wouldn't be possible if we were nothing but raw instinct  that said, we have become so dependent on emotions that many of us are losing instinct     it's being bred out of us  i think that's why survival documentaries like man vs wild, survivorman, and man woman, wild are so popular  they tap into a part of humanness that we know many people are losing "
"scientists have always said tv is bad for you  now they say they have proof that our brains go into an altered state when we watch tv  they say our brainwaves resemble sleeping or meditating people when we are quietly watching the box  something to ponder     aren't sleeping and meditating just ways to recharge, and isn't that usually why we watch tv? i fail to see the problem, here, unless it's all a person does "
seven days off! woohoo!
"went to ocean city today; mini golfing, which i haven't done in a hundred years, or something  afterward, we drove around some of the residential areas of north oc, wishing we lived there, within walking distance to strolls on the beach  it was fun, even though it was cold  dinner at watermans, all you can eat seafood  it was a good day  i feel lucky to be alive and living in a mostly free country "
"i wish i had an rv so i could hitch my jeep up to the back and drive off into the sunset with all my belongings, looking for a place that doesn't exist in the real world but that shimmers on the horizon, anyway! my utopia would probably have an ocean by it and possibly a lighthouse in the distance  what would yours have?"
"the store has been raking in the business, the last couple days! even though it was crazy in the deli, four factors made it go by quickly     <propfemale> and <propmale>, and then <propfemale> and kevon  these are the folks i worked with, today! i don't think i ever saw a moment where anybody wasn't working as hard as they could  i feel fortunate to work with these individuals  too bad kevon is leaving "
"ok, so poor <propfirst> doesn't line the thermal up under the brew basket and coffee goes everywhere  i say i'll go ahead and clean it up since he's doing something  i'm minding my own business, mopping coffee up, when some asshole from behind me says, real loud, \that's a woman for you! can't get them to work a machine right to save your soul \"" i wanted to punch the sexist sob who didn't even know what really happened!"""
"to the brave and strong souls, who do for this country what many people can't do     or won't do  whether or not people support troops being overseas, the sacrifices others have made on our behalf is no less than touching  to every man and woman who has risked life and limb for our country, no matter what the cause, and especially to those who made the ultimate sacrifice, happy veteran's day!"
"just got home  wasn't busy, just a long night "
off for three days! what to do     what to do? probably just do some writing  one day i'll finish my book 
"we live in a sad, sad world when more people requested off for black friday than they did for thanksgiving  the requests off, straight down the schedule, for next friday made me laugh  lol! ok, i'm guilty too!  wink "
"toe hurts! getting a nail pulled off is sometimes medically necessary, but it hurts like a mofo!"
"we're waiting for some people to get off work, so our dinner is scheduled for 5 surprise 0  just popped the turkey in the oven  can't wait for it to be done, but i have family to visit with, in the meantime  ah, thanksgiving     the day we give thanks for all the things we have by engaging in gluttony while other nations starve  seems like a paradox, but there it is "
"black friday! let the season of commercialism and excess     i mean, perpetual love and joy     begin!"
"i'm not usually a hater, but i was, tonight, and i'm not sorry! wawa was in the town christmas parade and i really wanted to go, to the point of resenting those who got to go  that's fine, though  they rode most of it on a flat tire  they really were worse off than me  haha!  wink  overtime smells sweeter than frozen nose hairs, anyway! the tire was very satisfying to hear about while the town overran the store tonight!"
"this has been a cold, but fairly perfect day  woke up early, did some writing for my unfinished manuscript, went to wawa for some breakfast (i guess i don't get enough of the food when i work, hehe), wrote some more, went to the hyatt for lunch, writing now, will finish watching <propmale> potter 6 soon, and finish up the day by finally going to hp7: part 1 "
"i'm at the library, printing out some stuff since i don't have a printer, and i'm surprised how many people are here right before closing  makes me think that maybe people think it's a clean, quiet place to chill if you're not much on causing trouble in the streets  there's a calm, quiet here, right now, as everybody just surfs the internet "
"arrg! i just spent two days writing a chapter for my book that i was so proud of  it flowed perfectly and had all the scenes and conversations that i planned for it  it was one of my favorite chapters  today, i accidentally overwrote it with the next chapter! i only had the first four pages backed up so, now, instead of going forward, i have to rehash old crap  i bet it won't be as good, the second time around   sad "
just finished bagging up the christmas cookies! can't wait to pass them out at the christmas party tomorrow!
"christmas party was great  <propfemale>'s house was beautiful  the best part, though, has to have been when it was just <propfirst>, <propfemale> v , <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and me left and we talked until 9 smile 0  that was so relaxing  <propfirst>, you are a dedicated person and you work harder than anybody i know  just remember to breathe, from time to time "
"god! it snowed for-freaking-ever, today  i can see where this winter is headed!"
"just 'did christmas' with my mother and sister  they liked their gifts and i was happy  christmas will be small for us, this year, since we're trying to buy a new house, but giving turns out to be even more rewarding then receiving, now that i'm an adult "
"ok, so sometimes i enjoy a good gender-bashing joke  here are two annoyed \for the ladies ~ q - what do electric trains and breast have in common? a - they're intended for children, but it's usually men that end up playing with them \\for the gents ~ q - if your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door, who do you let in first? a - the dog because he'll shut up once you let him in!"
"more gender-bashing annoyed \ladies ~ a man was on an island and couldn't get off  he found a <propfemale> and the <propfemale> said he could have one wish  the man said i want to be ten times smarter than i am so i get off this island  so, the <propfemale> turned him into a woman and she walked across the bridge \\men ~ q: how do you fix a woman's watch? a: why bother? there a clock on the stove "
"some more gender jokes annoyed \for the ladies - q ~ how many men does it take to put down a toilet seat? a ~ when it happens, the world will finally know \\for the men - q ~ how many men does it take to open a can of beer? a ~ none, it should be open by the time she brings it over "
"\don't go around saying the world owes you a living  the world owes you nothing  it was here first \"" ~ <propfirst> twain"""
"\adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience \"" ~ <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"""
"\the only limits on human achievement are self-imposed \"" ~ <propfirst> waitley"""
" annoyed  well, i had a productive morning  i mailed off some books for paperbackswap com, cut a check for a <propfirst> corbi's fundraiser     and then went down to the shell and put the wrong gas in my car  i'm standing there at the pump, going, \damn! gas prices are ridiculous! the <propfirst> are just flying up \"" i get in the car and looked at the receipt     just pumped a whole tank of premium gas into my jeep wrangler """
"me singing to the radio, at work: \should i give up"," or should i just keep chasing penguins?\""\"2d8ce55f8475f3e7c40bc0b759eb1d30,"note to self: don't make crude gestures in the office and realize too late that there is a camera in there, feeding the dvr 24 7 \\i wonder what people think goes on in our store, behind the scenes  judging just by the stuff the office cam has caught, the picture probably wouldn't look pretty to outsiders "
"ok, i'm a dork, but i just found out that my favorite childhood cartoon is coming out on dvd and i'm excited  in the early to mid 90's, as a little tree-hugger, i was transfixed by captain planet  he wasn't just a superhero; he was an eco-hero  now, as a grown-up tree-hugger, i'm looking forward to watching it and seeing if the nostalgia holds up  sometimes things aren't the same through adult eyes "
"i read somewhere, not sure where or when annoyed \it doesn't help to sweat the petty things     and it helps even less to pet the sweaty things \""\",2d8ce55f8475f3e7c40bc0b759eb1d30,"how come the men i see on tv are ten times more attractive than most real men? i mean, i guess they pick the good-looking ones, but i suspect trick photography, too  i guess it's the same way for women, maybe more so, but i'm not as good at gauging that  as a woman, myself, i can only vouch for tv men  men that hot are definitely on the juice or something  could the real men please step into the limelight?"
"cats are predators of birds, right? so, tell me why my cat is afraid of feathers     no, i mean it  i want to know why my cat ran and hid when i blew a feather in the air at her and why she hissed in my face when i tried to tickle her with it to make her play with me  she's eye-balling it laying on the floor, as we speak, and crying in nervousness  i'm getting ready to put it away before she has a heart attack "
"it was so warm today  what the heck happened? i had the windows open, earlier  now, not even the heater seems to be keeping the cold at bay \\hey, <propmale>     you lying to us?"
"weird night at work, full of weird people  glad it's over  hopefully tomorrow is better "
