943674d4b289561e19958098dac27e4a
had a wonderful couple of weeks 
"extends a warm thank you to everyone i had the pleasure of spending time with up in colorado   you all were so amazing! also, thanks to my parents for having me and <propfirst> over for a wonderful new years!"
"yummy chicken, salad, garlic bread, and smashed taters  laugh "
mmmmm   garlic chicken in pasta
it is a very tedious job   ripping cds to computers
good lord! mj is dead who'da thunk it
just finished the dresden book number 8 (i believe)  and on to the next one   (cross fingers *high hopes wink 
ok  amending above post  it's book number 11   how silly of me
my laptop is fixed!!! yay
super sad and excited at the same time 
loves lorrena mckennitt
is discussing <propfemale> skull with <propmale>
is oging to bed now
has to find the library   yikes!
can't touch this der ner ner neeer
is going back home  yay out of desert   boo no more sweetness
learning a lullaby on the piano! so gorgeous and frustrating
went rock climbing and is hurtin for certain but happy   mmmmmm sherbert time
back on the mainland and very tired
had a great day yesterday!
wants to go over the river and through the woods
is speaking to a sleep deprived sad monkey child who never made it to lvl 6
is super sore from rock climbing   it was a-mazing!
is exhausted for no reason
thinks that being a girl is really hard sometimes   
is enjoyin the ice cream in the ridiculous heat wave!
is wanting to go to sleep  just not now
is missing her sisters
is hoping the job pans out 
is realizing just how easy it is for us to die 
is excited for colorado!!
is still excited despite all the negative happenings in life 
leaves for colorado tomorrow! yay!
"follow up on jobs, and tingle with anticipation of seeing my hunny <propfemale> this weekend "
is hating the world sooooo bad right now  but it's mostly the guacamole's fault 
is getting ready to spend the weekend with <propfirst>  laugh 
hoping that i get a call for the job
i miss you!!!!!!!
spending time with <propfirst>! yay!  love 
waiting for dinner   and i'm part of the reason it isn't getting made   lol
is going to try and figure out this guitar program   having a tune stuck in your head on a loop gets annoying when you can't write it down 
feeling soooooo loved
missing <propfirst> sooooooo much!
had a wonderful evening with <propfirst> and family at stadium   can't wait to see him again tomorrow  love 
trying to get <propfemale> to jump off a bridge for me   laugh 
gotta go back to work tonight  sad 
tired of    just everything   
oh there is only one thing that makes me crazy
"galations: 7-9 7: be not deceived; god is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap   8: for he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting   9: and let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not "
"getting psyched for nanowrimo! 50,000 word novel here i come!"
filled over my 2000 words today! i still don't feel that accomplished though   more writing  go go go!
so disoriented   it's dark outside and it's only 5:40
"i don't want to go home, but at least i have a tone of writing to occupy me until i see my dear again "
i just realized that banana flavored tootsie pops are not really appetizing 
has the most amazing boyfriend in the world!  love 
"thanking god for blessing me with such a strong, caring man    love "
my heart is so full right now  love 
trying like mad to pump out as many words as i can while still making sense   go go gadget fingers!!
"mirembering: it's like remembering, but <propfemale> style, which is far superior to normal remembering "
watching <propfemale> trek   finally!!! sheesh   couldn't hold back any longer
"i don't know where it's all coming from-this barrage of fantastical thoughts-but i only have 10,000 more to go! agh! *whispers* seven days    "
"6 days to write 8,000 words   i feel schlumpy"
dicey  that's all i have to say   
will be in tahoe until sunday!!! yay
home  and exhausted
just finished nanowrimo!!!
aaaahhh  *sniff sniff*  piant fumes    bleh!
feeling really blessed and loved  love 
will be in colorado till the 28th! yay adventure!
had a grrrrreat day!
r i p rev   sad  the inspiration you gave others was monumental
past misfortune should not color the rest of your life   introspection is crucial   who are you?  why are you here?  what do you want?  tears can take the form of the poison you have so desperately wanted to suck out of your being 
"someone's pain, someone's tear, someone's dream, someone's happiness- empathize and it becomes a part of you as well "
loving life and looking forward to the future with a smile  love 
welcomes sakura and <propfemale> to the family  laugh   they are the cutest little things ever   even if their squeeky ball kept me up all night   love 
"bad day ><  burned myself  again; back hurts, and i can't think of a single thing that i would enjoy doing right now  *sigh"
"is feeling amazingly accomplished   worked more on the song with <propfirst>, and it's coming along nicely  laugh "
working on the song that haunts my dreams   literally   i wake up and it's in my head  we will finish!!!
props to all those lyricists who knew just how to coordinate words and music 
life is a freeway   there are so many exits   make sure you choose the one that will lead you the right way to your destination 
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiance, or boyfriend that works hard to take care of you and would do anything for you, then repost this as your status to give the honest good men out there the recognition that they deserve  because great men are few and far between, and i have one of them ?"
earthquake!!!!!
loves her fiance!!!  love 
 love  <propfirst>
has a very full life  love 
"i miss my family already, and i haven't even left yet  love "
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmm      nothing
"yay! <propmale> croce \lover's cross\""  joyful """
getting settled in colorado   so much to dooooooo!
"wait   i'm c<propfemale>ing my status again to annoyed i miss my family!!! i'm soooo proud of you <propfemale>!!! i love you!!!\<propfemale>, <propfemale> in there! i'm so full of pride   \<propfemale>, go go gadget! i'm so happy you are in school!\i miss you all!!!  love "
"got a job!!!!! start my first 8 hour shift on wednesday at the amazing starbucks!!! yay for 4 smile 0am-1pm shift (no i don't regret it!)  call me crazy, but that is the shift i requested!  joyful "
"ok, so, this is gonna sound off for those of you who know me as a tennis player:  i just joined a woman's softball team    no   i will not be pitching, but thankfully i have about 10 other ways i can make an idiot out of myself  joyful "
possessions are meaningless
"there is this saying- \burning the candle at both ends\""- practicing it isn't the best idea in the world """
there is just something so satisfactory about cleaning   it makes me tingle
just got off the phone with her good friend <propfirst>!!!!! it was an amazing conversation 
finally!!!!! i have a date set!!!!  laugh   love 
got my tattoo!!!!  love    and my new bicycle  laugh 
smell the burning embers; time flickering away   
"just had the most amazing back massage   thanks, <propfemale>!  laugh "
massive fail morning     *sigh
going to the zoo!!!!!  joyful 
is not going to the zoo ><
"is brushing her toofies while updating that she went bowling tonight, and bowled the worst game in the history of the universe"
    
"had a massage, shopped for <propfirst>, cleaned a little, and now burning a balsam fir candle   mmmm mmmm last day off before work week begins again "
"trust in the lord with all thine heart; and <propfemale> not unto thine own understanding   in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy path   be not wise in thine own eyes; fear the lord, and depart from evil \~proverbs  3:5-7"
has come to realize time and again that she is engaged to the best man ever!  that is all   love 
"went to the zoo!!!!!   aminals   aminals, and more aminals     laugh "
playing <propfemale> of war with my love   <propfemale> craft 2 is out in 2 5 hours!!! most amazing 2 nights ever!
"love is a tricky, tricky concept"
"spent money i shouldn't have, but it was one of those things that we do so that we can breathe easily again   does that make sense?  in a weird way, i suppose   so, the circle gets the square   "
"thanks, <propfemale>, for making me miss you guys more than i already do   *applause*"
"so, woke up this morning all psyched to go to work, and found that i couldn't get out of bed unless i rolled over and slid out   standing is less painful than walking, and only slightly worse than sitting down  what's wrong?  well, i'll have a doctor tell me all about it at 3:15   ><"
"just got back from the doctor's office   i have a slipped disk in my l4 vertebrae   taking two forms of medication, and i plan to be back at work on thursday!  laugh "
"is feeling a bit better than yesterday   most of that is no doubt owed to the pain meds, which i can't take before work or i'll be a useless limp noodle "
"not hungry, but need to eat; not tired, but need to sleep; want to be strong, but need to weep; how frustrating is the life that we keep?"
hanging out with her hunny and good friend <propfirst>   a lovely evening of relaxation after a full day of work 
"trying to calm down the irritation that has been building up because she can't do anything physically exhausting for fear of screwing up her already messed up back   if there is anyway to mentally burn 1000 calories in 3 hours, please, world, let me know "
"my <propfirst> is amazing!! even as crippled and lop-sided as he is, he still sounds amazing on the drums    love "
"one day, one night, one moment; my dreams could be tomorrow "
homesick and injured    i can't imagine going through this if i was completely alone 
"i am a lucky, happy girl today  love "
tried on some old contacts   now her eyes are dried out   runny nose!!!! ><
needs a vacation from the world  life   just to breathe
the game!!!!!!
"p s   for the last wall post, i thank hancock!"
"apparently, sleep deprivation does wonders for my mood "
count down till avenged sevenfold concert has now commenced   love   love   love 
oooooooooooooooooo i better not be sick for the concert    ><
"concert tomorrow, and i have partially lost my voice    it's like they know   it's like they know i need it and they take it away    *shakes fist in the air*"
um yeah! avenged sevenfold and disturbed concert right now!!!!!!! whoooooooooo!
"i had one of the most amazing e playful eriences in my life last night   sinister gates in person  m shadows in person   the whole gang (sans the rev  r i p )   all the live albums in the world couldn't re-create that feeling   speaking of which; it's really hard to write this feeling down    joyful \p s  throat needs warm water and <propfemale> with lemon   how do the stars do it without needing serious throat therapy afterward?  smile "
got my ring today   it is beautiful   wish i could take a pic of it that would actually come out good  ><
why do i have to look like such a 12 year old????? ><
voice your prophecy shed us some light  feel sorrow for mankind's <propmale> to survive  swallowed lies and swam in your own tears; a stab in the dark and it wounded our will  we won't be here tomorrow   hold on to me for one last time 
"\a soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger   the tongue of the wise uses knowledge aright: but the mouth of the fools pours out foolishness \""\",943674d4b289561e1995809 laugh ac27e4a,how did we meet? (post this to your status to see who remembers     )
kicked but in softball last night     it was friggin awesome!  go team!
time to sleeeeeeeeeeeeep  oh my aching feet   
"it's a dangerous business, frodo, going out of your front door   you step out into the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there is no knowing where you might be swept off to   ~bilbo baggins"
mmmmmmmmmmmmmm   soup for breakfast!
"so   had a sucky day at work for a reason that i can't even believe happened    upside though    wicked softball game last night, and even though the opposing team were poor sports, i don't mind that we lost   we sure gave 'em what for!"
i like it on the swivel-back chair  smile 
"ok   so i know what movie i'm buying next-beauty and the beast! \what the heck is wrong with me? why dont i have it already? o o"
owl city makes me dance a happy dance  in my chair   bundled in a blankey   playing a game  wink 
"comfort food = bowl of black olives and cranberry juice  joyful \don't judge me"
"softball game at 715  smile  yay!!! (please, rain, stay away!)"
"greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends \~john 15:13"
ahhh  instant coffee in a thermos- a nice treat after a caffeine break   doctor appointment today *bleh* buuuuuut    softball at 815!!! yay!!
"if at first you don't succeed, try, try again   if that doesn't work   *shrug*"
"woke up to a beautiful, crispy morning   it's freezing! yay!!!!"
"in a way, i'm kind of glad i don't have two days off in a row   it just seems easier when you aren't away for too long  lol"
my man is a genius!!!  joyful 
"migraine, migraine, go away  come again some other time; in another life, when we are both cats "
dinner!!!!!
"her love outshines her darkest shadow and covers all her fears, and all you see is the brilliant smile that masks her many tears "
"i'm not the good person i thought i was   i should be put down   luckily for me, i don't get taken to the shelter when no one wants me   i just get to live with the shit and let it consume me from the inside "
15 days till my b-day  hooray!
"sorrow sank deep inside my blood- all the ones around me i cared for and most of all i loved, but i can't see myself that way   please don't forget me, or cry while i'm away "
got my rogue on   first put-together halloween costume = success!
"time to write it up  nanowrimo, here i come!"
wow   tears  where the hell do you come from!?
so super duper pissed   
"oh, my great toastey tootsies   what a friggin day   "
"making apopointments with doctors on my birthday, is not really how i planned to spend my time "
writing a novel while bundled up in a blanket with the heat turned on and medication coursing through my bloodstream  ahhhhhh    cozy!
"shake, shake!  shake shake- a shake it!"
yaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!! post-birthday snow!!!  love   love 
"could this be the end?  is this the way i die?  sitting here alone, no one by my side   i don't understand   i don't feel that i deserve this   what did i do wrong?  i just don't understand "
"i'm forever blowing bubbles! pretty bubbles in the air   they fly so high!  they reach the sky; then like my dreams, they fade and die   "
a small run after watching a very inspiring and empowering movie   feels soooo good right now  love 
having a really blah day for some reason   nothing feels quite like it should   i suppose one never knows what anything is really supposed to feel like  
"put this under your skin- 'cause i am me, and i won't change for anyone "
"i hope it's worth it, out on the highway, yeah\i know you'll find your own way when i'm not with you \\so tell everybody, the ones who walk beside me, yeah\i hope you'll find your own way when i'm not with you tonight"
the joke behind the smile; the faith behind the fear- the queerest of the queer 
"change is coming through my shadow  \my shadow's shedding skin  \i've been picking \my scabs again  \i've been crawling on my belly, \clearing out what could've been  \i've been wallowing in my own chaotic \and insecure delusions  \i wanna feel the change consume me- \feel the outside turning in  \i wanna feel the metamorphosis and \cleansing i've endured within "
wear the grudge like a crown of negativity  calculate what we will or will not tolerate   desperate to control all and everything  unable to forgive your <propfemale> lettermen
"finger deep within the borderline  \show me that you love me and that we belong together  \relax, turn around and take my hand "
"dim my eyes, if they should \compromise our fulcrum; \want and need - if i need it \i might as well be gone  \\shine on forever   \shine on benevolent son "
i am just a worthless liar   i am just an imbecile   i will only complicate you   trust in me and fall as well  i will find a center in you   i will chew it up and leave   i will work to elevate you just enough to bring you down 
"cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any\sense of compassion\between supposed lovers brothers "
"have not the strongest and closest ties been bound so long?  i've called upon them; they remind me where i'm from   with deep conviction, i'm connected across the <propmale>- without them, nothing worth relying on \it's been so long since i could say i needed anything stronger   we can't give up when we have ties that bind,  if i rely and know the strength in those who taught me of the power of the ties that bind "
i swear  little kids are worse than a fucking hurricane    *beats fists against pillow*
"the devil and his had me down   in love with the dark side i found, dabbling all the way down   up to my neck; soon to drown "
five more days to pack up all my shinannigans    but i'm sick and don't feel like it    and i still need to get to the post office   ><  oooooo! frustration!
ah  guilt trips   so don't need this right now    and they wonder why i don't want to talk to them   silly people *shakes head*
happy christmas to everyone!!!
a big thank you!!!! to <propfemale> and her family   you guys were a blessing today   love 
<propfemale> scratched me    i forgot how much those things hurt ><
peace is a lie   there is only passion 
goodbye longmont!  *wave*
all that is gold does not glitter   not all those who wander are lost   the old that is strong does not wither   deep roots are not reached by the frost 
has pneumonia
"i'm pretty sure you would die if an elephant sat on your chest, so why do people  use that e playful ression to convey that they are having a hard time breathing?  why not say you have a 50 pound sand bag on your chest?  that sounds reasonable    doesn't it?"
"if nothing's fair in love and war, then why do so many people seek them?"
went shooting today   epic!  fave was the high powered rifle *fist pump*
hates little hand cuts and not knowing where they came from!!
want for nothing or want for everything   there is no middle ground   want for something or want for nothing   for division your soul is bound 
home made long island iced teas   fuck yeah   
"no secrets, deception for these would tear this down   i'll note the past; spare the pain   words match my deeds with brutal honesty   never forget these choices were made by me   and i hear this calling; still you don't seem so far at all   and i hear this calling out   "
fell on a truck heater and cut myself real nice    watching a movie is going to be really uncomfortable for a while    lol
watching hook   omg i love this movie!!!!!  love 
i'm gonna sing the doom song now   
guinness!!!!
bed for 5 days   i'm gonna shoot something 
"easy for a good girl to go bad, and once we've gone, believe we've gone forever   don't be the reason   you better learn how to treat us right   'cause once a good girl goes bad, we die forever "
"but, with the blast-shield down, i can't see a thing   how am i supposed to fight?  \your eyes can deceive you; don't trust them "
"liar, lawyer, mirror show me what's the difference?  kangaroo done <propmale> the guilty with the innocent   now you're weeping shades of cozen indigo   got lemon juice up in your eye when you pissed all over my black kettle   you musy have been    high "
five cups of coffee   can you say 'wired'?
"omg!! land before time \if we hold on together\""  memories!!!!"""
scetti and meatballs   joyful  yum yum in the tum
shhhh    quiet   you might piss somebody off 
fruit-good; cake-great; fruitcake-nasty crap
"fuck these disfunctional, insecure actresses "
"some say the end is near   some say we'll see armageddon soon   i certainly hope we will   i sure could use a vacation from this bullshit, three-ring, circus, sideshow of freaks!"
just got done watching bicentennial man   i can't believe i never saw that movie before   very nicely done   *tear*
"*deep breath*  here i go    *closes eyes and jumps* wheeeeeeee!  smile \p s  i really, reeeeaaally hope i finish this time"
*sigh* i had forgotten just how touching the land before time really was   *sniff*
ok   i am definitely on a movie kick   fly away home= another movie to make me cry  *happy sigh*
"ok, streamed x-men numero uno   now i'm mad 'cause i can't stream the rest of them  >< *steam pours out of ears*"
"question     when a person calls from a blocked id and you answer and establish that they have the wrong number, what the hell are you supposed to think when they keep calling back every 3 5 minutes?  my name's not <propfemale>!!!"
"5 cups of coffee later, i realize i talk too much "
somebody stop me!!  i'm bleaching the walls
"pardon me, sir, can i use your eraser to remove my brain of unconventional nature?"
"jealousy is an ugly word, but you don't seem to care   converse behind my back, but now i'm here   need no one to comply with me though everyone that i defeat; dont need you   fuck comaraderie   this rage will never go away "
"mmmmm    a nice, hot cup of tea and a robe keep me cozy in this 5 degree weather    love "
-21   good lord
just got done watching the esoteric agenda   i am not quite sure i'm happy i did that  lol
had my first starbucks coffee since leaving longmont   amazing   smile 
"fever broke, and it's 19 degrees outside   yay! i can go out in the cold air and smell the snow "
"i don't get the friggin temperature here  yesterday, it barely got to 15 degrees, now it's 30 degrees   what gives??? o o"
a clouded dream on an earthly night hangs upon the crescent <propfemale>   a voiceless song in an ageless light sings at the coming <propfemale>   birds in flight are calling there-where the heart moves the stones  it's there that my heart is longing all for the love of you 
"what do you do when you want sleep, but sleep doesn't want you?"
"and shepherds we shall be for thee, my lord, for thee  power hath descended forth from thy hand  our feet may swiftly <propfemale> out thy command  so we shall flow a river forth to thee, and teeming with souls shall it ever be \in nomeni patri et fili spiritus sancti"
soooooooo    shit   -22   so much for trying to go outside 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now 
can't keep this bitch down   she be dancin'   love 
"*pulls hair out*  just swept the gd floor yesterday, and what do i do?  put on the same bloody shoes that tracked the dirt in in the first place and walked over the effing clean floor with them  argh!"
"you say you don't want it again and again, but you don't-you don't really mean it   you say you don't want it-this circus we're in-but you don't, you don't really mean it   you don't-don't really mean it "
"and i'm so sad   like a good book, i can't put this day back   a sorta <propfemale>tale with you; a sorta <propfemale> tale with you "
women just have to look at ice cream and they get fatter 
eggs and bakey for brekky lol
why am i up at 3 am?  ya got me   but isn't it great?!
*singsong* tuuuunaaaaa sammich for brekkyfaaast
carrots for lunch? suuuuuure   
it's wicked windy   time to strap bricks to my legs 
"if only i could have wept in mourning by her side; i would have clasped her so tight   like storm-beached aphrodite, drowned on kytherean tides "
listening to journey   *sigh* memories  joyful 
"talking to her little sister   my day just became unbelievably amazing \hooooot pockeeeettttt"
huuuuungry   shhhh  go back to sleep and it'll go away    
right   gonna go dye my hair   if i don't return   check the drain
5 cups of coffee and a load of dishes   *rolls up sleeves* pokers beware
r i p  coach holycross   i'll miss you 
"ok, so when i am upset and need quiet, don't come to me about your fucking problems at work   i'm not interested on how much money the company is going to lose, or how so and so is screwing another so and so out of whatever   leave me the fuck alone "
singing and twirling in circles gets in the way of dishes i have discovered   *what to do  what to do*   
"fool me once; shame on you   fool me twice; shame on me   fool me thrice, and it seems to be, that i'm the nicest girl you'll ever see "
just got done watching <propfemale>   such a nice movie    old and nice  smile 
cold showers suck 
"if you want to talk to me, don't wait till you are drunk to call me and rant   be an effing adult and do it while <propfemale> sober   i thought adults were supposed to act  you know   adult "
bubble wrap   i love you
yay hour and a half of sleep 
pineapple
"fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me; fool me thrice, and it seems to me, i'm the dumbest woman you'll ever see "
"once bitten, twice shy"
"nothin' like a loooooong walk on a warm, breezy day to lift the spirit   love "
just finished watching the nutcracker    *sigh* memories   now to make tacos!!!
it just doesn't add up   fruit-good; cake-great; fruitcake- nasty crap
"when i was young, i used to believe that there were leprechauns with pots of gold at the end of rainbows "
90% out of 100% is never enough
"to my three younger sisters: we create an unstoppable force- one that is unceasing and never changing come hell or high water   we are who we are, and we are proud "
"worked out only to find that when i got home the water was turned off    well, this sucks "
water   how i've missed you  love 
the girl you just called fat? she's been starving herself and has lost 30lbs  that boy you called stupid? he has a learning disability and studies over four hours a night  that girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting on make up hoping someone will like her  the boy you just tripped? he's abused enough at home  there's more to people than you may think   re-post if your against bullying  ? ?
lol i don't need green clothes   i have green permanently on my skin!  boo ya!
<propfemale> car bombs wait for meeeeee
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can't live without & someone you can always count on   repost this if you have a sister you love **wjl & sml****"
attempting to quit smoking without the patch   this is gonna be fun
"dear tofu, you are strange, but you make my salad yummy, so i forgive you   love "
feels a sore throat coming on    time for tea and <propfemale>
"well, my voice is gone, and i'm missing it badly  after all, what's a chatterbox without her voice?"
"hot water and <propfemale> is a very temporary relief, but boy does it feel good "
is massively ill   goodbye world   see you in a few days  *snooze*
chicken broth and <propfemale> eyre= a sick girl's heaven
"when you are sick, dreams can be the rabbit hole to your own personal wonderland "
"the wind outside reminds me of the whinnie-the-pooh movie on \a blustery day\""   dear lord   memories   oh dear   oh de-de-dear dear"""
"so, had a dream that the family was back together, playing tennis, and sticking together like we used to more than 7 years ago   i woke up crying   what the hell?"
"haven't eaten anything all day   thank you, sickness"
wrote my baby sister a song for her birthday  hope she likey  joyful   love   happy birthday <propfemale>!!!
"dear mister or missus cough, please leave poor <propfemale> alone so she can get rest to combat <propfemale> partner in crime mister virus   thank you"
"*brandishes large plastic spoon at the demon lord*  i don't care how powerful you are, i know some moves that will scare even you "
think too much and you will cry; try to bottle it up inside; shove the tears back where they came; then give up because there's too much pain 
thoroughly exhausted
"soybean salad with cucumber, olives, tofu, and balsamic vinegar   can't get better than that   love "
is making tacos   mmmm   
fluuuush pockeeeet!
t minus 19 days
handwritten letters hurt   ~
"they make you cringe, they make you squirm; the thoughts inside you-like a worm   it makes its way to the darkest regions of your mind and soul; there is no reason   conjuring up your deepest fear   you feel like a child, and it holds you dear   it feeds on every thought and whim   through murky waters you must swim   images and phantasms pass by, making you shudder, making you cry "
lift off in less than a week
must be feeling better   i don't have the longing to sleep for hours on end 
cats   why is it always cats?
"t-minus one week till \bye bye colorado\"""""
in <propfemale> for the next few days   then    on the road again!
"it's sad how we change the context of what we are writing based on the words that we can spell   \i'll see you tomo-tommo-tomah-next week \"""""
