f804f489e2bf2af09018691bbd5a9bbc
close out the world just for a moment
wonders why adults choose to act like such children at times     annoyed \
nothing changes if nothing changes
there are two sides to every coin
i love halloween!
"misses the days when winter break (and summer break) meant doing nothing but lounging and hanging with friends  damn you, work, damn you!!"
"oh, <propfemale>     how did you do it??"
is grateful the weekend is here
<wah wah wahhh>
midterms + work = headache and exhaustion   i think a vacation is in order soon 
isn't this supposed to be spring break?  yawn
may i walk in beauty   
sicky  sad 
good news is good  smile 
good news + finding out i'm seeing steenie weenie 2 days earlier than e playful ected + remembering good friday is a half day = happiness
"you know those dreams where you're running as hard and fast as you can, but you aren't getting anywhere? that's how i feel    someone told me the way to change that is to stop running and just start walking, then you'll start moving forward  slooowww down"
jft
is missing her short hair    thinking it's time to chop it off again
"feels the need to do something spontaneous, rebellious and memorable  and definitely needs to laugh a whole lot while doing it "
six flags? oh yeah 
sometimes you do all the right things at all the right times  smile 
thanks for all the b-day wishes  smile 
"aaaarrrrrggghhhhhhh!! i will try to live through this day only,   and not tackle my whole life problem   at once  i can do something for twelve hours   that would appall me if i felt that i had to   keep it up for a lifetime "
happy earth day!
bah   waking up late is never a good thing
serenity now!
crack is whack 
school's over and summer's here    that's enough to keep me smiling for a while
is missing the innocence and fun of the past 
"can lead a horse to water, but can't make it drink   damn stubborn horse    "
am i the only one who is still not used to the ridiculous weather patterns in nwi even though i've lived here my whole life? where the hell is summertime?!
"what a small, small world it is"
time for a new hairstyle    lookin for any suggestions or volunteers to cut my hair
sometimes i miss the things that are bad for me
"music, the zoo & six flags    soooo glad it's friday"
woohoo!  long weekend coming up
misses audelise!!
goodbye long hair!!
\in nature there are neither rewards nor\,f804f489e2bf2af09018691bbd5a9bbc,"thank you, <propfemale> mikesell kobza for taking a <propmale> and cutting my hair this weekend--- it turned out great!!"
 yawn
feelin' groovy  smile 
lol sometimes all you can do is laugh at how utterly blind people can be 
"just had a flashback of livejournal    crazy how intimate dramatic personal it was    and how much time i used to spend learning the html codes to make my journal \cool and original\"""""
crazycrazycrazycrazy!
ace of hearts to <propfirst> of spades to <propfemale> of hearts to ace of clubs  very grateful 
"hey, ciaran epley , <propfemale> sievers shearer , <propfemale> <propfemale> heckman, <propfemale> c  heckman , <propfemale> sievers - are we going to see eclipse over 4th of july weekend or what?!"
"wear sunscreen  don’t worry about the future; or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubblegum "
valpo yard & plant sale - saturday 6 19 (tomorrow!) - 409 <propmale> st  near downtown  come and stop by  smile 
miscommunication at it's best     or worst    either way    it's a headache  annoyed 
"oh so glad it's almost 5  painful, painful monday! and kudos to all of you who work in customer service! some people, yeesh   "
anxiety   
aaand     defeat 
"no one can be the only source of our happiness or sorrow  the gift of life is personally yours to enjoy or destroy, as each of us wishes "
flashback- theory of knowledge i & ii with mr  hurdle  best  classes  ever 
9 days off of work  9 days away from life's usual responsibilities  9 days with a lovely family  woooooo i haven't had 9 days off since   since     since i don't even remember! goodbye valpo!
"back home    and it's monday    <propfemale>   had a wonderful week off - family, sun, fireworks!, rollercoasters, puppies, the runt  laugh , driving, music, food, horseshoes, skeeter bites, softball, late nights, card games, drinking, talking, painting nails, doing hair, lotro,  new friends   whew    sooo, when do i get another vacation? =p"
"oookay gotta stop slacking    i think i should probably fill out my fafsa for this semester, right? i'm only, ohhh 4 months late  annoyed \"
upgrading to a smartphone - never had one before   any suggestions on which to get?
blah 
get back to serenity
wants to travel
ugh   when will enough be enough?
back to school tonight    g'bye social life  g'bye sleep  g'bye summer 
i get my new glasses today and i will be able to see again! whoopwhoop!
needs another tattoo    or 3   
"gets a lliiiiiiittle too angry sometimes   let it go, let it go"
"you are only coming through in waves, your lips move, but i can't hear what you're saying   "
"if you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by"
"the beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image  otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them "
got a new smart phone woo  woot!!
boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy  i'm definitely in need of a vacation!
sometimes all you can do it let the music <propfemale> you through
"ordered the book, signed for it, paid for it    now that it's in i need to show my id in order to get it and no one can pick it up for me? have to drive for 45 minutes directly after work @ 5 in order to make it to my class back in valpo by 6  pnc bookstore, you suck "
i hate when people at work take their anger and frustration out on me when they're stressed    i wish they knew that being an asshole because of some cutoff that's coming up won't do anything but make both of our days worse  workplace manners 101 anyone?
"in the mood for a night of dim lights, red wine and sigur ros"
"ahh, good dreams are    good  smile "
"it requires less character to discover the faults of others than is does to tolerate them  \- j  petit senn"
research paper-any thoughts on the death penalty?
how many times does someone need to burn themselves before you stop being sympathetic?
gorillaz
"when it rains, it pours  and today sucks  a lot  oh yin <propfemale>, sometimes i despise your dark side "
has a taste for mexican food 
"wants to go to \postsecret live\"" at the college of dupage on 10 5"""
fail
every waking moment is another <propmale> to turn it all around 
i like it on my chair
"i'm a nerd  yup  and since hot, i miss my dr00d  lots!"
"focus seems so far away today   is it thanksgiving yet, pls?"
"en route to see the sievers, shearers and heplys! woowoo happy thanksgiving!"
zzzz 6 hours into driving   3 more to go  time for some coffee and a midnight snack
"yes, i have been completely unproductive today "
'it turns out wanting something doesn't make it real'
it's amazing how much drama a few adult women can create  feel as if i'm back in high school again
"not sure whether to scream, cry or laugh right now   this moment too shall pass "
finals    you're giving me ulcers
"crash and burn, crash and burn"
all of us could take a lesson from the weather  it pays no attention to criticism 
"wait, they don't love you like i love you "
"i hate indiana drivers  15 <propmale> under the speed limit, seriously?"
religion is for people who are afraid they'll go to hell  spirituality is for people who have been there 
hedgehog    i want one
"my lungs are out of air, yours are holding smoke, and it's been like that now for so long \i've seen people try to change, and i know it isn't easy, but nothin' worth the time ever really is \and it's not too late, it's not too late for love "
"we cannot change our memories, but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us "
"sooner or later, they just get too exhausted to care "
lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies
"honestly, i must be dumb and or blind, wtf have i been doing?"
"'we have no right to ask when sorrow comes, 'why did this happen to me?'\unless we ask the same question for every moment of happiness that comes our way '"
what a gigantic waste of time 
