eb46eb264a0294565a463d0ff423cbdf
loves to party!!!
winner winner chicken dinner!!!
really wants to go spend some time in vegas on the strip
rode his bike for fhe last night   
100% mormon baby    yeah!!!
would like some ideas for some thing to do tomorrow   
is going to go to work soon   
just got hame from work and is now tired   
is going to pack everything tomorrow to go to lake powell on wednesday!
and i need to cut the grass   
needs more time    way too much to do all b4 tomorrow   
just finished cutting the grass and vacumed the floores    still needs to pack
time to do laundry   
thinks he is about ready to go   
is going to clean himself from the lake powell trip 
does not know what is going to happen
hates tuesdays more than mondays   
does not want to go to work in a few hours   
is going to go back to santaquin after a great weekend in orem
mondays are a day of rest before all of the shit that tuesdays bring   
time to cut the grass   
today will be a better day than yesterday   
is ready to see a movie!
have you ever stopped to think about something and then forgot to start again?
is off work now and about ready to go home   
just pickled 20 pints of beets!
smells like bon-fire!!!
may your sword stay sharp!
is going to sleep for long time!
i think i am going to hate cherries in about 1 more week
sleep sleep time!
time to get it on!!!
is sleep deprived   
would really love to go camping   
i so need to go see a few movies when i finish cherries 
today was the last day of cherries!!!
midnight frisbee tonight in orem!!!
invites everyone that can make it to play midnight frisbee on the field east of the scera shell in orem!!!
is ready for it babby!!!
is going to play laser tag @ laser assault in provo tomorrow at 7 surprise 0pm and wishes to invite all others who can to join him for a hour of fun!!!
had a blast!!!
should go play in a lake some time this week   
what is for dinner tonight?
is thinking paintball
what about playing on the lake???
"what is better than hanging out with your friends on the weekends? frisbee, movies, all out fun!!!"
just got back from a great fireside in orem where elder <propfirst> g  <propfirst> from the quorum of the twelve apostles spoke tonight 
time to eat cake!
is thinking midnight frisbee this saturday smile 
time to eat pizza!
has nothing to do tell saturday    who wants to <propfemale> out???
i dislike laundry day   
"is going to watch the movie\a knight's tale\"""""
game night tonight!!!
has to work tomorrow night    and then he gets to play frisbee at midnight  smile 
time to go to work   
needs to find a puppy
wants a coka cola   
football game tonight!!!
what is for dinner?    beef!
byu lost ha ha ha all you cougar fans suck!!!
is excited to start working at cornbellys again this friday!!!
can not wate for it to start cooling down and for snow!!!
"cornbellys, here i come!!!"
really wants to go out and do something wild!
frisbee this friday!!!
is going to bed cuz he is really tired
work work work that is that all you can do to survive???
"time to sleep for 4 hours, after working a 13 hour shift, just to start work again!"
cant wate for the weekend
tgif!
does anyone really care   
time to go shoping for another long week of work    at least i have a job  smile 
going over the speed limit is not a challenge    staying over the speed limit before someone who is only going the speed limit get in your way is the real challenge
is going to nightmare on 13th!
had a great time tonight
is feeling on the wild side tonight!
wants to go see a movie or something tonight   
"wow, just got knocked off his feet from a bad blast from the past   "
is thinking he needs to go see a movie on monday   
is thinking    ouch!!! that hurt!
has been doing family history and found out he has some <propfemale> blood in him!
who wants to go bowling again???
nightmare on 13th tonight!!!
time to make <propfemale> for christmas this week!
is off to bed after a long day of work and making <propfemale>   
any suggestions on something fun to do tonight?
"\having dinner w  family what could be more fun?\"""""
is going to see tso on wednesday night!
tso tonight! turkey tomorrow! woot! woot!
turkey today!!! work tomorrow!!!
trying to work while every crazy person and their dogs shop really sucks!!!
"saw \old dogs\"" last night! very funny i loved it!"""
"work, work, work   "
"\last night i saw a dickfor!\"""""
is ready to go take a nap
is ready to party this friday night!
ohhh the joy of having to start work at 4 surprise 0 am   
blond: what does idk mean? me: i dont know blond: omg! no one does!
i had a blast ice skating tonight!
"male: a man decides to bring his new blonde girlfriend to a byu football game  after the game is over, he asks her if she liked the game  blond: oh it was great, i loved watching those men in tight clothes, but there is one thing i don't understand  male: what did you not understand ?"
"a blonde hurried into the hospital emergency room late one night with the  tip of her index finger shot off   doctor: how did this happen? blond: well, i was trying to commit suicide   doctor: what!?!?! you tried to commit suicide by shooting off  the tip of your finger?   blond: no, silly! first, i put the gun to my chest, and i  thought, i just paid $6,000 for these; i'm not shooting myself in the  chest "
"a blonde was driving to work when she read a sign saying, \clean restrooms next 10 miles \"" she was really late for work since there were 26 restrooms to clean!"""
"a dumb blonde was really tired of being made fun of, so she decided to dye her hair  she then looked like a brunette so she decided to take a drive in the country after she had been driving for a while, she saw a farmer and a flock of sheep and thought, oh! those sheep are so adorable! she got out and walked over to the farmer and said, if i can guess how many sheep you have, can i take one home?"
"omg!!!!!! if you did not go see \sherlock holmes\"" today you need to; cuz it is one of the best films of the year!!!"""
time to go bowling!!!
                                                                       
mondays sure suck when you have a lot of things to do on top of everything else that comes from being a monday
why is it that the peons at the end of the chain always get screwed the most?
hey hey hey wate for fat <propfirst>
wants to go see some movies anyone else want to go?
is ready to go for a long drive incognito 
wants to go and do alot of things but has not been able to find the time to do any of them 
blue!!!
sofa <propmale> bored
was soooooo bored i actually read a book today!
has a new game and is going to play it tomorrow with friends  smile 
book of <propmale> !!! i like that movie!!!
munchkin quest is da bomb!!!
what to do tomorrow??? hmmm   
woot! woot!
is there a word used to describe the feeling of enjoying the pleasure you get from irritating people?
hey hey hey hey hey only 80 more days to get you taxes done!!!!!
what do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?
"if you and i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
is going to be in hell for the next month
"\one man! alone! betrayed by the country he loves!\"" - transformers 2"""
"go to urbandictionary com  type in your first name, copy and past this as your status and put the first entry for your name under comments "
is hungry for dinner
it was a good movie but they totaly messed it up
what is the best prank to play on people you dislike???
who is open to play racquet ball saturday morning?
"\each one of thoes donuts are taking a year off your life\"" -<propfemale> lundberg"""
ring my doorbell!!!
mondays suck!!!!
tuesdays blow!!!
wednesdays no one let me know    
thursday yes?
friday no   
saturday and sunday here we go   
mondays suck!
finally another shitty monday is over!!!!!!
do you remember that one time we did that one thing?
yeah so <propfirst> <propfirst> rodgers  is in town for his weeklong spring break so if you wish to play ultimate frisbee with him be at the field with the pavilion at 5pm tonight 
it's only 25 more days tell my birthday and i have no idea what to do   
so yeah    just finished weeding one of the side gardens around my aunts house a 22' x 5' area  only about 1 3 way done   
clash of the titans this thursday!!!!
the weather today sucked big time    just too wet to get any yard work done at all 
12 more days tell my birthday and i dont know what i should do  sad day!!!
you <propmale> for apples in the toilet    and you like it!!!
i hope i get a job tomorrow!!
"w0w! i will be 23 years young on thursday, time sure goes by fast the younger you grow "
i got the job! i got the job! i got the job!!!!!
it's time to start the new job  smile 
ohs tigers say what!!!
life tends to suck when you work every day and can't do things with your friends 
"work, work, work   "
2 days off!!! yeah!!!!
midnight frisbee on for toinght!
i want to go to the movie theater this weekend
??????? o? 'u??? 'u???
hey you guys!!!
too much work not enough sleep 
wants to go on a road trip but can't due to work   
not logging on for 12 days seems like forever but it is good to be back!!!
is wating for the news to see if i get to go to gen con this year!!!
time to get some shut eye  wink 
ohhh yeah!!!
time to sort all the cards    the joy of organization    joy   
why do naps seem to just fly by before you need to get up and go back to work   
my fat friends and i broke the log ride at lagoon today    most epic day ever!!!!
lagoon on tuesday has been changed to lagoon on thursday
movie time!!!
omfg i hate life right now
enjoyed seeing disny's tarzan performed at the tuachan ampahteature last night  it was a great performance 
thank you every one who has prayed for me i am getting better every day
eevery thing happens for a reason why i was saved i do not yet know but will find out when the time comes   
is feeling better every day  wink 
rehap here i come!!! time to learn to walk again! 7 weeks of being in bed is just too much 
e playful ected release date to go home   friday the 12th
"if all goes well, friday i will be back at home in santaquin!!!"
hospitles are good for you and yet they suck sooooo much   
tomorrow is the day i will finaly escape from the hospitle!
"yeah so maybe if i stop posting when i will be home no body will be disapointed when i am not home, due to the fact my hospitle and workmens comp  case workers cant pull there heads out of their ass and simply hire some one to build a damn ramp,"
i am finaly out of the hospital and it could not have happened at a better time  i was able to go to my familys thanks giving dinner and see all my aunts and uncles  (all but <propfirst>) today was a great day and i am truly thakfull for all the love and support my family has given me through this ordeal 
wants to spend money!!!
<propfemale> didn't give me the leg i wanted for christmas    there is always next year i guess   
i won  won i won!!!
sunday night game night  smile  fun for all who come 
is sick of doing nothing and not being able to do anything
i need some ideas for something to do tomorrow can anyone help?
it's my money and i need it now!!! call  j g wentworth 877 cash now 
wow    some times it's just better not to ask questions   
who is up for free ice cream tomorrow??? all you got to do is come get me!!!
is so dissapointed nobody took him up on his offer for free ice cream   
"feels as if his life couldn't be any worse than it is right now, and no matter how hard i try it is never enough"
i got a new toy
food!!!
lao
hardy har har   
"knock* knock* \who's there? \owls \owls who?\yeah thats right! owls hoo!"
liquer in the front poker in the back!
omfg! wtf! why? why? i went from an aries to a  pisces!!! wtf! why?
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  (<propfirst> 10 smile 3) this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this"
t-t-t-today <propmale>!
"i do not like this uncle sam,\i do not like his health care scam \i do not like these dirty crooks,\or how they lie and cook the books \i do not like when congress steals,\i do not like their secret deals \i do not like this speaker, <propfemale> ,\i do not like this 'yes we can '"
"omg i woke up today with only 1 leg!!!!! \what should i do???  omg!!!!"
wishes he was born a star-fish and could regrow his leg 
is still awake evin after taking his sleeping pills   
this is bullshit!!! i can only count to 15 now without my left foot crying 
"\who you gona call?\""    someone else!"""
the energizer <propfemale> was arrested   he was  charged with battery 
"having sex is like playing bridge  if you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand "
"  !  _(^ ^)_  !  \this is the little man inside my head that is saying screw you to everyone he dislikes "
is in dire need of some ice cream!!!
is going to new york city on may 11th
"had a great time with some of his friends today, although it's too bad not everyone he wanted to see could make it "
wants to watch the movie holes 
down down to goblin town here we go!
old fat spider can't see my atacop atacop can't catch me 
needs a mt  dew
thinks he should go to the mall on monday 
friday night movie night anyone?
i choose you pikachu!!!
lunch time
year of the rabbit!!!
3 down 4 more to go 
i dont hate my dentist but i would love to never see him again     
i want to do something exciting 
wants to go to gencon this year!
baacon ranch burgers for dinner tonight  yum!
