384f98fc9ffb80699058015877c822d9
i want peanut butter and jelly    playful 
lady gaga is fail 
"having icecream    and no not that kind of icecream, es "
"i was called a hoe multiple times today    and just now, a whore "
frankmusik is so freakin addictive 
"@esme, you bitch! why are you keeping me up this late?! i love you though "
technology is a dead bird: one of the greatest things ever 
"haha, spamming <propfemale> with tasty "
my hair is so fucking curly!  annoyed 
cc is gone!
creating the new cc with the gang 
listening to some crappy melodic punk band 
<propmale> h  is my new hero 
i want to be cyberschooled  -cries-
thursday night was so fun  : ] new <propfemale> was great! music was awesome! x )
-sigh- <propfemale> and <propfemale>  :  
"dammit, my headphones broke  - - now i am music-less "
black friday was absolutely nuts  - - so tired    but i got my awesome headphones and my cd!  laugh d
is sick  ):
just got done with a long ass lj entry 
"operator, get me the president of the world  this is an emergency   love "
i hate lady gaga with a passion 
give me that christian side hug!  laugh 
have i gone insane?! public school    sure why not? if it's even possible  - - -looksatparents-
"i need $9,000  boo   playful "
i feel emo  ):
- -
i wanna go cloths shopping  i should get a job  i don't want to though 
dd: i want a nose job 
what has happened to humanity?
- -
is sad that third person day is over 
i don't know what to do with my hair  should i keep it curly shoulder length or get it chopped short like a boy's cut?
listening to daft punk  brings back memories  : ]
i love my short hair   love 
"ugh, got some sunburn today because no one had sunscreen! d< wrinkles! d annoyed tans make me look more like a mexican "
"almost got killed a couple times today by fireworks  overall, it was a good day "
i sort of miss my curly hair  i knew this was gonna happen  :  
"ugh, talking to <propfemale> then internet died  sorry brit! d: \couldn't fall asleep so i stayed up all night catching up on a science test  \i'll never get on a normal sleeping schedule!"
"kjsdgjb \every site is working except for tumblr  which i am only interested in now  -dies-"
"i keep thinking about the vegetarian burrito at chiptole  god, what i would do for one at this moment "
i always feel disgusting ):
i am so sick of having no money 
i love my new puppy  : )
can't wait to move out  - -
i want my hair to grow out some more so i can    whip my hair back and forth 
blah 
