546adabe25fafff83ff561f762134c53
new orleans was nuts!!!!! spontaneous trip for an awesome way to ring in the new year was successful! on to hawaii on the 5th then back on the grind on the 16th 
it's hot outside and inside our broken ac house   sad 
"is excited to introduce <propfemale> to aggie dad, but has to make sure she watches out for his a&m influences "
i'm sad that <propfirst> <propmale> died 
"now i\m going to have a sing along to the tribute music videos  don't stop till you get enough  ohhh yeahh get em <propfirst> """
is thinking 
"said that she wouldn't watch the show army wives, but is sadly addicted to it now  bah    "
"my mind is on the army, pt school, family, and 144,000 <propmale> on a car to commute back and forth 5 days a week for 2 years  not to sure on that one "
happy birthday stannnnn
"is trying to focus, but ee is getting in the way "
my brain hurts  all i want to do is play with my pre and the baby but nooooooooo lab 16 is sucking the life from me  not fun 
"dear ee gods, please <propmale> me a c so that i don't have to take it again  i promise i'll be good   laugh  - love, <propfirst> timm bassett"
shenanigans!!!
i need a calc tutor   sad 
rip sgt  you were an awesome dog  keep dad company and keep singing to your law and order theme song  love you 
"so it's not the flu it's not strep man upstairs, if this is a cruel joke to make me drop another semester and stay in college it just isn't right  i just want to graduate already darnit!!!!!!!!"
<propfemale> is the cutest turtle everrrrr 
"praying for those whose mommies, daddies, brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters who didn't make it back home today  to fight so hard for your country to be safe a thousand <propmale> away only to find the enemy right in your own backyard "
"thank you for all of those who called to see if my family and i were okay  my thoughts and prayers are with those who were less fortunate than i  luckily, mom and i changed our plans to not go on base yesterday  procrastination wins again "
got my tonsils out  interesting      
texas fight!!!!!
yeaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!! wooot! bcs championships here we come!!!!
"it's kind of weird when your first day of class starts a 9 days after everyone else's and you e playful lain yourself  i just moved my family from hawaii, i have a 9 month daughter, i commute 120 <propmale> per day, and my sleep cycle is 4 hours behind the current time  how fun "
sleep  sleep sounds good right about now  let me go tend to my farm then i shall go rest 
"farmville just '*'-<propmale> my post because i wrote \sexyyyy\""        wow """
1st day of work  exciting!!!!!!!
just got tiesto tickets for <propfirst> concert! <propmale> you're awesome for informing me about it!
needs like 2 more hours in a day 
cleaning the garage  i'm really missing my dad now 
its snowing in killeen!!! what?!?!?
phone died  hit me up on google voice  (901) 466 -6202
"sad, but happy that husband gets to go to wlc training for his promotion  the sad part is he'll be gone for 3 weeks, miss <propfemale>'s 1st birthday and the tiesto concert  the happy part, he's moving on up the rank and respect ladder  we'll still have a little get together for <propfemale>'s b-day, but we'll just do a bigger celebration on my birthday since the daddy will be home then "
i'm really itching to either 1  play tennis or 2  swim in the pool today  the high is supposed to be 85!!!! yay!
my baby is a year old already!!! she tore up her cake  i just love my little munchkin!
the baby is funny  she keeps lifting her shirt so that she can play with her belly button  wait a minute   where did her pants go?! oh this little houdini 
bbq time  lovin the family bonding and forgetting the drama 
"out with the waiting for the shoe to drop  life really is beautiful and blessed, so out with the nonsense and in with the love "
sad that hubby is going to the field for 2 days then comes home then goes to train for 3 weeks   sad  it's going to be lonely at home at night after the baby passes out 
randomly got a mosquito bite on my forehead at work  that wasn't very nice mr  mosquito  next time bite me somewhere else so that it doesn't look like i have a zit on my forehead 
"i hope everyone in ou country is okay after that tornado  saw the cnn video and wow, it looked crazy "
just took some father's day pictures for <propmale>  <propfemale> is such a little diva  she was all mean before the shoot then sweet as a button during it  my goodness 
goal!!!! usa! usa!
my hand hurts from writing!!!! i actually have a light bruise on my palm from my nail  how spoiled i have gotten from typing and not hand writing  total pages of text written over 2 final exams = 23  owe  now on to type 12 pages  yay!
"not sure if it's the full days 4 am to 12am, but all i know is it's way too early to need a woosahh moment "
so i clearly over reacted this morning  sleep    how i miss you 
so lame that i won't get to see my husband because the newbies can't get it together! one month    really?
finally   common sense is used at 2 am  hubby gets to come home! i know it's early but roach coach tacos sounds real good right now  that's probably the only good thing to come out of starlite after 2 am 
there goes my plans  awesome 
okay so there are new plans now  it's a good start 
"my old laptop keyboard that has been not working for about 2 months now, suddenly decides it wants to work and light up  i'm happy but wondering if my macbook is possessed or just temperamental "
my east coast yoda was right  looking on the bright  side is more fun than chillin with the dark side eating cookies  well that is what i took from it
"there is no way that an frg meeting is mandatory  it is supposed to be an outlet for those that need resources  i'm sorry that family, school, and work are higher on my priority list than touring a \spiritual fitness center\"" """
i need like 2 hours to catch up  blah
went live 4 hours ago for sandras daycare and we are already getting hits!
today is not panning out like i thought it would 
and it just keeps getting better  <--sarcasm
even the vending machine is giving me a hard time  phew i need to breathe 
a vacation is only 4 months away  i must stay the course 
oh coding   how fun misplaced asterisks are  yay c++!
"seeing mrs  <propmale> was awesome this morning  not only did i get my coffee, but i got a great dose of happiness and optimism! love ya abha!!!!"
excited about tennis w <propmale> today!
man i'm feeling great this morning 
so the day was going fabulous and then the call center happened  i feel temporarily drained but a 5 minute break in the open air helped to rejuvenize me  yay for air 
whooooo tennis time! hot as crazy but bring it outdoors  i feel so freeeee
please say a prayer for <propfemale>'s sister for a full recovery  she is in my thoughts and prayers  we love you <propfemale> 
i'm saying lots of prayers tonight  i hope the big guy doesn't mind 
blast the rain!!!! our pool is about to flood over and i was unable to drive south to school and work  at least i finally got to get some sleep? ohh i can go eat fridge food  yum 
"husband week: if you have a husband who makes life interesting, fun, is your best friend, who's been with you through thick & thin, has been an fsm in your life & your are proud to be married to, copy this to yourstatus with the date u were married  january 5 2008?"
what a day
sorry for the emo posts  just me being irrational again  my fault facebookers 
insecurity is a disease i tell you  the cure is not to wait for the shoe to drop  someone you love can be here one moment and gone the next  i can't believe i ignored that valuable lesson  *head being removed from anal sphincter*
<propfemale> sunday ready to watch hubby shoot targets in the <propmale>  i'm so proud and no mosquitos so far 
ooo i see winter clouds  i'm excited!
whoooooooooo!!!! raemon was right homework due on the 27th not tonight  yowzasss!!!
"\everybody wants to rule the world\"" by tears for fears ohhhh yea get em 80s"""
more than words    
love without end is great too
so excited to see the requirements for my degree dwindle to just 3 and they are all dependent on a go no go basis with the kin advisor board  whooohoo!
missing the husband  haven't got to talk to him since i got sunburned  sigh have a chemistry test from 7-9 sigh^2
oh no <propfemale> is under the weather  my poor baby 
great day so far  chilly weather + sleeping in + waking up next to hubby+ happy baby + aunty in from hawaii + great coffee + pop tart = awesome start!
locked in work because someone decides to shoot up campus  at least the people are cool 
zoooo my goodness  one of the speculated shooter was in calhoun hall  granted that its like 2 buildings away but wow!
ut just announced the all clear  time  to go home 
another day i'm thankful to e playful erience a beautiful family  live in the moment no matter what life throws at you  thanks to all that got through in texting me 
i love the flintstone's! google is so fun!
"what the heck facebook!!! i wrote a great status message on where i think the status should go but it didn't save  quit changing the layouts! why am i getting fb search options while typing my status?!? you're not google, k "
black
has just installed the 'my kids' application
i really want the beauty and the beast on blu <propfirst> 
it really fasinates me how similar people are  talk about enlightened 
"you know, i may not agree with your lifestyle, but facebook blocking? really? please try to grow up and realize the world does exist outside of facebook  it's amazing after watching the social network to try to remember a time where there wasn't facebook  mr  zuckerberg, props to you for evolving how people channel their drama "
"there are a lot of people today wearing their costumes on campus  it's quite funny  i saw one superstar from super <propfirst>, a sumo wrestler and a ninja turtle  now my ancient egypt professor turned off the lights and started saying creepy chants in the dark  lawls"
feeling a little down today  mgh 
not feeling down  feeling good today  very good 
homework  yay
just got done typing like my life depended on it  strange how deadlines can get your adrenaline pumping 
6 days until graduation!!!!!! last week of formal classes  ohhh boyyy 
feels weird to be at work at 10 smile 0  kind of like the office is my 4th home  theres 1  home home 2  hawaii home 3  my car 4  this comfy chair at my cubicle  i hope big people jobs has chairs like these 
"change your default fb picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same also make sure to give credit to the source you get it from "
"ho'omaika'i '<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> hiki '<propfemale> <propfemale>i o <propfemale>u <propfemale>ikamahine, <propfirst> and alli!!!!!!!!"
finals time!!!!!
mama just bought me an evo!! yay
im loving this phone  i was kind if freaked out when someones facebook status ran across my screen while i was in a call with that person 
hauoli maka hiki hou everyone!!!!!
my legs are burning from cardio  man its been a while since a good workout in a while
back to work i go  phones here i come
"i feel like i'm bungee jumping over shallow water with a really long cord  it's not enough to smack into the ground, but it's scary as hell  then as you start to lose potential energy, and you're just dangling, you hear the cord ripping  then you think to yourself maybe sky diving would have been more exhilarating? chute opens , chute doesn't open  it's very binary and the confusion is much less     dangle dangle   "
finalllyyy      i can breathe a sigh of relaxation 
got my phone back  yay!
i think savannahs new favorite movie is despicable me  she just loves those minions 
i loved ceelo and gweneth paltrow's forget you #grammys
feel and show the love everyday and not just a commercialized holiday  happy <propfirst>'s day anyway everyone! love 
wow its my first valentines day that i didn't get a card or <propfemale>  oh well at least i made my family smile and that's enough for me 
"i totally miss the simplicity of elementary school  juice boxes, lunchables, and recess  those were the days "
having me and the baby sick at the same time is not fun  i miss going to work 
excited about this weekend with my two favorite people: hubby and baby 
rarrrrrrrrrrr
"we are actually watching the oscars  some great movies are nominated #thesocialnetwork ,#thefighter and #truegrit  liking the hosts so far "
hauoli la hanou texas!!!! i love this state!
didn't know it was mardi gras weekend  boo being sick
thought today was going to be different  so much for the optimism 
@armywives @reallycb you looked great on the show and the baby was so beautiful! i'm so happy #armywives is back!
@mrbobbybones i loved that violin game  it was so fun!
"fabulous    my external hd died, my two veteran macs don't work and my external cd drives aren't working either  you'd think i could use my troubleshooting skills provided by the help desk to fix it, but you cant really fix hardware issues without $  greatttt   "
at the korn disturbed hoping i don't get beat up 
definitely just got ditched so four dudes could go to the bathroom  awesome
the concert was great but my ears are still ringing and i woke with a migraine   blah
"though i love breakfast tacos, i'll no longer buy them from random places like a donuts shop you'd think it would be good but it wasn't "
