a067dc2dc0515b11f1bb715d44d4b0b3
officially on facebook   i fear for my sanity x o
moving back in with my mom   lifes just full of surprises
"and all the <propmale>'s horses and all the <propmale>'s men, couldn't repair burnt bridges again "
"status : at a moral crossroads   which path should i take? to be happy? to be vengeful? or, should i stick with my gut and do what i feel is right, despite the warnings and naysayers? the answer should be clear   yet, i find it to be hazed over "
"dx l??? os ?,? ?p??? ??? ?o ?l?? ?l???l ?uun? ???? ??? pu? s??? p??? pu? ??? o? ?u?o? ??? ?ldo?d ?u?? ?o? ??puo? ? `?ou? no?"
"to everyone who clicked on that link about the ipad, i apologize  someone hacked the account and placed that   "
"-has not the <propfemale> nor the willingness to deal with drama in life, so if your going to start, best step off now before things get ugly   consider yourself warned-"
"oh, just fml   -grumbles at being so damn depressed again   really needs to get some mental help-"
-is now under investigation for thieftiness for making suggestions to cut back on losses-
"hm   nope, nothing interesting  life is a bore and a kick in the face   -shrugs and curls up-"
-is tired of simply existing and wants to know what its like to live again-
i finally have a bed! life is good ^^
if your not scared! put this on your status and see what people rate you! (1) crazy - (2) i'd marry you - (3) glad to know you - (4) sarcastic (5) i miss you - (6) i'd kiss you -(7) beautiful - ( smile  smart - (9) imaginative (10) random - (11) wise guy - (12) funny -(13) sweet (14) amazing - (15 ) tough -(16) cute - (17) i'd hit you with a bus (1 smile  i love you - (19) weirdo - (20) friends forever smile 
everyday i'm shuffling   -dances around-
-is still shuffling shuffling-
aw   people actually remembered ^^ i love you guys ^^ you rock!
"me behave? seriously? as a child i saw tarzan almost naked, <propfemale> arrived home after midnight, pinocchio told lies, aladdin was a thief, batman drove over 200 <propmale> an hour, snow white lived in a house with 7 men, popeye smoked a pipe and had tattoos, pac man ran around to digital music while eating pills that enhanced his performance, and shaggy and scooby were mystery solving hippies that always had the munchies  the fault is not mine! if you had this childhood and loved it, repost"
( laugh ))
this! this is what we need in the store i work at   maybe that'll teach the little fuckers http annoyed  www damnlol com show-no-mercy-1655 html
"can't catch a single damn break   let it be known, just how much i truly despise that pathetic little man known   "
"96% of the people who read this will not have the guts to repost this  one man gave his life in order to save ours  when goku died in the e playful losion with cell, he thought of both you and me  if you are part of that 4% that doesn’t feel ashamed to love goku, repost this  thank you goku  repost this if you are one of the 4% who did lift their arms for his spirit bomb  i know i did "
"please copy and post this as your status, even if its just for a few minutes, if you know someone who is still alive today because you can't afford a hitman "
