22d1b7b335a27b958dc0f4be32c4e5db
thanks for all the new eggs everyone  i am falling behind on everything  sad  we are busy extracting <propfemale> and getting it bottled then i'll have a couple days before the fair to try and get caught up with everyone!!
thanks all for the hatchlings!  smile  they are greatly appreciated!!!
"i'm getting really irritated at my friends list not showing up on several apps!! it's not that i'm ignoring people, i just can't send anything  sad  what's even worse is that my daughter can and we share the same computer  hopefully they get this problem fixed soon!!"
"attention farmville friends!!!! it has been found that if the farmer adopting the animal leaves it in the gift box, up to 8 people can adopt the same animal, but once it is placed on the farm the adoption program ends this has been tested and apparently is how the program works  post this in your status and help get the word spread!"
my daughter just started playing mafia wars and needs more friends : http annoyed  www facebook com home php?ref=home# profile php?id=582814171&ref=profile
grrrrr - back to not being able to bring up friends lists to gift!! getting very irritating  sad 
"back home from a wonderful week-end of nami facilitator training! great hotel, awsome trainers from around the country, and and new friends from around the state  now the real fun begins - getting the support group running!!"
thank you very much for the egg <propfemale>!!  smile 
i think i am now officially a popsicle and need thawing out!!
"there are only two truly infinite things, the universe and stupidity  and i am unsure about the universe     <propfirst> einstein"
some days all i wanna be is a missing person!!!!
"please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from rectal cranial inversion  rectal cranial inversion, otherwise known as head up your ass syndrome, affects the lives of many  there is still no known cure for rectal cranial inversion, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because    they already suffer from rci"
"a paradoxical perspective: most people worry and lose sleep over some of the silliest things they've done, then later on, more often than not, it's the things they didn't do that haunt them      (it's never too late!!)"
paste this as your status & see what people rate you  ? 1   crazy 2   i'd marry you 3   talkative 4   sarcastic 5   i miss you 6   clumsy 7   moody 8   dumb 9   mouthy 10   spoiled 11   random 12   hot 13   funny 14   fit 15   amazing 16   tough 17   cute 18   gf bf type 19   player 20   i love you 21   gorgeous 22   the best
"some people come into our lives and quickly go   some stay for a while, leave  footprints on our hearts, and we are never, ever the same "
one day your life will flash before your eyes  make sure it's worth watching 
"happiness is like a butterfly - the more you <propmale> it, the more it will elude you  but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder "
"i hate sorting through stuff - deciding what to keep and what to get rid of (maybe i need a bigger car) - i hate packing - i hate not knowing where i'm gonna go - and right now i hate the fact that i don't drink, although there's no good reason that i don't, so maybe i should just say screw it and go get drunk instead!"
a #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere 
ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement 
the only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory 
"girls are like phones  we love to be held & talked too, but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!"
"handle every situation like a dog, if you can’t eat it or screw it, then piss on it and walk away "
"you have the right to remain silent  anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you "
"i knew sooner or later that my daughter would run back to alaska again  i don't call her a <propfemale> pong ball for nothing! but this time is different - after watching baby be born and having him here for two months, it to feels like someone just ripped my heart out! got way to attached!! how much crying can a person do before they dehydrate?"
"life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in an attractive and well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways, chocolate in one hand, wine in the other, body throughly used up and worn out, screaming: \whoo hoo! what a ride!\"""""
i like nonsense -- it wakes up the brain cells 
is smiling   you get to decide whether you should talk to me or run screaming in the other direction!
"wishes that, just occasionally,people would stop and think before opening their mouths and letting the stupid come trotting on out -_-"
sometimes the thoughts in my head get bored and go for a stroll out through my mouth  this is rarely a good thing  i think it is called foot-in-mouth disease
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes  smile 
men only get smarter during sex because they're plugged into a genius  smile 
"if you are not screwed up in the head in some type of way, the chances of us being really close friends are slim "
"i miss the days i felt i could do no wrong, lately it feels i can do no right, and the harder i try the worse it gets"
"saaysss;iss not crazy, the unicorns inside my head tole me so!! peanut buuter jelly time!! peanut buuter jelly ti- oh look a cloud  wink  iss not crazy!!"
"i wish i could go back to when boys had cooties, life was so much easier then      "
"lives on the corner of funny street and silly road, in crazy town which is in psycho valley, in a twisted state of mind!"
"every girl is entitled to a knight in shining armor, mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, and is to stubborn to ask for directions"
"the old phrase \you don't really know what you\""ve got til it's gone\"" is so true    i miss my sanity """
"had a good week  kicked the voices out of my head, didn't kill anyone, but don't e playful ect this to be a re-occurring event "
"is out of her mind right now  please leave your name, number and a  brief message after the beep and she will get back to you as soon as  possible *beep*"
just joined hokey pokey anonymous   its a place i can turn myself  around 
is trying to go to bed at a decent hour like a normal person instead of staying up all night like her normal bi-polar self so is off to bed with a good book - a good man isn't available  wink 
"is in her own little world   but i am not  coming back because is it pretty here! there are purple paisley polka dotted penguins - and they're sparkly, too!!!"
"thinks if there's no rest for the wicked, it's no wonder why i have  insomnia all the time      "
i have water on the brain  every winter it freezes up and things slip  my mind  *-*
"'s train of thought has just crashed    what  to do, what to do   "
'life is not the way it's supposed to be  it's the way it is  the way  you cope with it is what makes the difference'
is thinking about offering a reward for any information that may  assist in finding out where the hell my sanity went!
"when one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us "
is gonna try this  thing that normal people do   it's called sleeping at night  i've been practicing and i think i may finally be getting the <propfemale> of it  ;-p
"happiness is found by living in the moment,  regret is found by living in the past and trouble is found by living in  the future"
"the purple monkeys are chasing the pink gnomes while the green striped  unicorn and the blue hippo are making pancakes  dammit, i'm getting mad now - i told 'em i hate pancakes and i want french toast!!"
"is going crazy, and is inviting her friends to go with her  wink   and yes <propfemale>, my tea is coming with me ;-p"
invites everyone to step into her head and  visit with the voices! they have interesting perspective on reality and  are very entertaining!
"my alarm clock and i had a fight  it wanted me to get up, i refused   things escalated  now i'm awake and my alarm clock is broken  not sure  who won the fight "
"is getting rid of all the things in my life that aren't useful, beautiful   or bring me joy  boy am i downsizing!!"
isn't in a good mood    but it's nothing an ak 47 and a roof top couldn't cure  smile 
"maybe that's my problem - i can't eat chocolate  i haven't had any for almost 2 years   hmmmm  but i suppose i could be cheered up with whipped cream, caramel, and cherries served on something warm, about 6'      that just might do the trick  then i just might be tempted to climb down off the roof top and put the gun away  now i just need a willing victim  laugh   (thanks for the thought <propfemale>!!)"
woohoo! life is good!  smile  at least for the time being    check back tomorrow to see if i've killed anyone!  laugh 
"with time, women gain  weight because we accumulate so much information and wisdom in our heads  that when there is no more room, it distributes out to the rest of our  bodies  so we aren't heavy, we are enormously cultured, educated and  happy  beginning today, when i look at my butt in the mirror i will  think, good grief      , look how smart i am! must be where 'smart  ass' came from!"
"no matter how many years pass, i remain easily seduced by my curiosity  damn good thing i'm not a cat!  laugh "
why is it every time i smile someone always asks me what i'm plotting or what i'm up  to??? isn't it possible that i'm just in a good mood?
"don't waste time thinking about all the things you've done wrong in the  past, think of all the things you still have time to f@#* up in the  future   wink "
toss up today: horns or halo? why not both? i can be an  angel with a devlish twist!
is never naughty    just mischievously creative!  wink 
"is busy crawling around on the floor calling, \here brain! here brainy-brainy-brainy!\"""""
"every morning - same damn thing  i just want to cuddle and wake up slowly, but nooo  first signs of movement and cuddle time is over - the cold wet nose starts nudging, then the wet slobbery tongue starts going, then the hopping & spinning on the bed! i think i need to trade in my bed partner 4 one with a dry nose, that isn't covered with fur, & most importantly, can take himself to the bathroom  laugh "
"ok, yesterday i was half joking about looking for my brain  today i think it's offically missing  i got out of the shower and my pants are missing!! can't find them anywhere ~ they were there when i got in! this is driving me crazy!!  if someone wanted to get me out of my pants there's definitely a better (and much more fun) way then to sneak in the house and take them!!"
"i don't want a happily ever after ending, i want a happily ever right now!!   love "
"just made a landmark discovery    did anybody else know i was  a \smartass\""?? wow! that really surprised me to know that i am a  smartass   """
"i'm probably in denial, but i'm feeling good and i'm sticking with it *-*"
ooppssss i dropped my halo!!!!    wink 
"when i'm right i'm right, but when i'm wrong i could of been right, so that makes me right when i could be wrong  right?"
"no matter what you do or what you say, you'll will never please everybody! so just be happy with yourself and tell everyone to kiss your ass and call it a love story ;-p"
i'm pretty sweet until my bipolar mood swings in   then i'm f***ing awesome ! -_-
"if you can't see where your future is headed     drive faster !!! if you don't like where it's going     run it over , then throw it in the trunk !!!"
"is on the edge - don't mess with me! i'm on the  *crash* well, i was on the edge but now i'm on the floor so you're free to mess with me now  smile "
"it takes balls, passion, and intelligence to love a redhead!  wink "
"i've read the rules  i've tried the rules  the rules are stupid, & i'm making my own from now on "
i'm trying to put on my halo but i can't get the stupid thing over my horns!! ugh!
the difference between tattooed people and non-tattooed people is that tattooed people are cooler and can kick your ass  oh yes even me  my tattoos give me power!!
"alert: a dwarf, who is a mystic, just escaped from jail  be on the lookout for a small medium at large "
first job of the day completed - halo polished  now if i could just find the super glue to hold it in place!!
"is wondering if the person who invented the term \good morning\"" was on too many drugs"""
it's pretty difficult to keep your mind and your mouth open at the same time 
"is running away with the fairies  if u want 2 find me ask the leprechauns, but be warned, i think they're smoking the funny stuff!"
"is awake! no bright eyes, no bushy tail  but i'm out of bed & my eyes are open   now what?"
it seems my knight in shining armour is mysteriously missing from my f-d up fairytale!!
"please don't call me insane  i prefer the term \hilariously unique\""  it makes me sound smarter!"""
has multiply personalities   1 that has a plan   1 that will screw up the plan   and 1 that will wonder what the hell happened to the plan 
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3 kg  the length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb  femur is hard as concrete  the woman's heart beats faster than the mans  women blink twice as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to hold our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb!!
"ok i admit, i'm a handful!!! unfortunately  most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, and  outspoken, i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to  handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't  deserve me at my best  if you're a handful then post this on your  status     i dare you!!!!!!!!"
tickets please! the last boat to shit creek leaves in 5 minutes  all paddles will be removed upon arrival and we hope you enjoy your stay 
my guardian angel is thinking about switching careers 
"i'm trying to see things from your point of view, but there's only room in your ass for one head, and yours is already there "
"hates it when ppl post bogus warnings, but  this is serious  if someone comes to your front door saying they are  checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take off all  your clothes and dance around with your arms up  do not do it!!! this is  a scam!!! they just wanna see you naked  i wish someone posted this for  me yesterday   annoyed   i feel stupid    plz repost as a warning to others   thank you "
my favorite number in the alphabet is purple!!!
"opportunity tends to knock once, then it's gone   temptation, however, likes to stand there and <propfemale> on the damn doorbell!!"
"says the proper response to \good morning\"" is \""prove it!\"""""
"enjoys a car ride, with my head out the window yelling, \i'm a pretty hamster!!\"" at the people walking down the street   laugh """
"i thought i thought a thought  but the thought i thought i thought, wasn't the thought i thought i thought  awww hell, i think i broke my brain with all the thoughts!  annoyed "
"its good to believe in miracles, because reality isn't getting me anywhere "
"the neurotic builds castles in the clouds, the psychotic lives in these castles, and the psychiatrist collects the rent "
has a firm grip on reality *~* and is slowly choking the crap out of it!
is starting a cult     the church of common sense     but apparently not many are eligible to join
is wondering if life is easier when you are totally insane? because i am about half way there and i want to know if i need to speed up or slow down!!!
"i don't have issues    they are called \features\"""""
the heart is the center of the body but it beats on the left  maybe that's the reason why the heart is not always right 
"no more jokes about \go ahead and hit me - buy me a new car!!\"" to stupid drivers  way too much pain involved and i liked my car  sad """
"since people keep asking about the accident: it was a simple matter of my little car got into a fight with a big truck towing a large boat  it was an unfair fight since he snuck up behind me when i was stopped  no blood, just bad headaches & no reflex in right leg & it's getting worse - they think it's neurological damage  i tried to give it an inspirational talk to no avail "
had a mind once    but kept giving people pieces of it and now it is all gone   
someone call an adult  i have been left unattended and i'm bored  that normally leads to trouble and or bad things happening
they say 80% of people suffer with depression  its the other 20% that cause it
this status is being posted in advance    f#@%   i hate mornings!!
"thought for the day    if a flaming watermelon falls into a river and it turns purple, how many gerbils does it take to unscrew a giraffe while the purple paisley penguins make grape pancakes?"
"i've been kidnapped by monkeys wearing pink camo, taken to a foreign country, and am being forced to eat rootbeer banana's while doing the hula - so the answer to the preceeding question will be answered upon my return ~~  wink "
"i've decided today is the day i stop procrastinating  if not today then \tomorrow, next week at the very latest "
"i'm not sure if it was the bears, the rattle snakes, or the fact that she had chores to do, but it would appear that my child has run away - if anyone sees her, please send her back to the homestead - she's been missing all day! lol - gotta love glitches"
off to see <propfemale> lambert & nitty gritty dirt band  smile 
"back from moondance jammin' county - what a blast!!! last night was <propfirst> kershaw, <propfemale> pickler, and zac brown band  they put on one hell of a show! think today will be pr-cup day  laugh "
i don't care what anyone says ~ jag does not mix well with dr  pepper!!
"i'm wondering why, when i was a kid, i wanted to be a grown up so damn bad!"
the shortest distance between two things? a thought in my head and the time it takes to come out my mouth!   smile 
"is staring at the pink llama \sitting the corner plotting against me with the purple fairies and \yellow goblin's  but i got my troll and pixie army "
is dangerous while alone with her own mind
i know that some things are better left unsaid   but you can bet your ass i'm probably going to say them anyway!
"i really wanna go to bed - i'm so bored  sometimes being bipolar is fun, but in the middle of the night it's really boring  sad   where are those damn sleep fairies when you need them? maybe i just need to find some middle of the night playmates  smile  carren is stingy"
"you know you love me    even though i am crazy, loud,and insane    but hey i'm fun to be around   smile "
"quick,call an adult! i'm unsupervised! oh,wait! i am an adult \ok never mind, crisis averted  whew, that was a close one!"
"is all whacked out on scooby snacks, running around with eeyore robbing banks to get enough money to buy snacks for the camping trip! since we're going to lake placid figured we better take a couple cows and some bread crumbs  cows are e playful ensive these days  sad "
suicide isn't chosen  it happens when the pain exceeds the resources for coping with the pain  
"it is too hard to keep getting out of the dark  maybe this is where i am supposed to be  maybe there is no place for me in the light – could it be that this is my destiny?\that voice keeps screaming at me not to give up the fight but could it be trickery? could it just be trying to wear me down even more?"
they say the grass is greener on the other side   that's such b s  cause when i flipped it over all i saw was dirt 
"my horns slid, the super glue isn’t holding my halo in place, and now i’ve misplaced my wonder woman bracelets  can this day get any worse? meds please! happy place  find a happy place  i want my mommy!!!!!!   smile "
today my inner child threw a tantrum because the voices in my head refused to share the sandbox of my mental playground 
stop pleading the fifth just drink the fifth and tell the damn truth already!
where has my mind gone? oh    wait    there it is  its in the gutter again  i fear it's doomed to forever remain there  wink 
"i should have come equipped with a navigational device  not only do i lose my mind, but my body as well!! i really think i need think i need a keeper, or at least a tracker some days  wink "
sanity is back-ordered  sarcasm is in unlimited supply  playful ~
"you know that little nagging voice that you hear when you're about do something you know you probably shouldn't, just say, shhh it'll be our little secret!  laugh "
i will not take responsibility for leading anyone astray    it's not my fault that i have followers!
i need my daughter! nothing but weenies - no one to go on rides with  sad   come spin round and  round and hold ur boobs with me daughter!!  playful 
hasn't your mama ever told you not to mess with crazy people!!!
"well, i made it through the fairs  i thought we were going to get luck and not get stormed out of one, but it got us anyway  all 3 fairs shut down early due to severe thunder & lightening storms  sad   for me this last one was the worst - came home to find parts of house flooded - like my computer desk  we'll have to see how well, if at all it recovers  i may swear off working fairs "
"some people need to remember that just because they have a guilty conscience does not mean the rest of us are guilty, too  some of us may joke around, but we do have morals!! every time you point a finger at someone, remember, there are 3 more pointing right back at you!! and other people need to just stay of others peoples business - i'm sure you have enough to tend to at home!!"
"yes, i talk to myself   i even argue with myself  the hard part is trying to figure out who won the argument afterwards"
"tears run down my face as you wrap your arms around me, while blood runs down my back from the knife you put there "
i am never surprised when people let me down anymore   i just hate the fact i have to put myself in the position to be let down in the first place   
"there are a couple people i'd love 2 smack some sense into you; however, it seems they don't take their heads out of their asses long enough   sad    really "
"if one of my multiple personalities decides to kill itself, and the other decides not to, then is it a hostage situation???"
the purple monkey in my closet just stole my oreo's and the little elf that lives in my shoe box stole my milk  i think i need to get some new roommates
is hiding under a bucket waiting to be catapulted to the <propfemale> so i can get some more cheese for my crackers!
"is about to fight an army of blue giraffes and pink zebras, don't worry my gummy bears in mad hatter hats will win  omg why don't i get a hat? i can't fight without a hat! i'm doomed         "
"'s head is currently away from her body at this moment, please leave a message after the quack - moooooooooooo"
"is being prepped for surgery  i'm having the magnet removed from my forehead   ya know, the one that attracts the crazy, needy, obsessive & emotionally crippled"
the monsters in my closet only come out when i'm sleeping because they are afraid of me  sometimes i jiggle the doorknob just for fun    laugh 
"is on the brink of assuming the fetal position, rocking back and forth, twirling a strand of hair, and breaking out in song: this is the song that never ends, it just goes on and on my friend       "
it sucks that it takes something bad to happen for you to realize when someone was only pretending to be your friend 
"a, b, c, d, e, f, g, gummy bears are chasing me  one is red, one is blue, one is peeing on my shoe  now i'm running for my life, cause the red one has a knife!!!"
has anyone seen my sanity? it was last seen about 28 years ago and has not been seen since  if found please report it to the blue bunnies dancing with a spoon  marbles missing also 
"sometimes i question my sanity, occasionally it replies!"
"ahhhh-choo!!!    ?(-???•?)?      if you're allergic to bullshit, drama queens, head games, liars, two faced fake people, keep this sneeze going         i can't wait to see who reposts!!!"
"ok, fess up  who took my halo and left me these  horns ?!?"
i'm going to change my mind    i keep losing the old one!
"i'm making prozac, morphine, chocolate chip cookie dough ,vodka, rum, whiskey, beer, klonopin, buspar,  and moonshine martinis  anyone else want one ?"
wants to thank her children~their actions and how they treat people prove that as a parent i've done something right!
"you & i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me?(note: if you comment, you gotta copy & paste this in your ownstatus--fair is fair---play along) "
"my idea of an outing that would be a complete blast would be running for the exit at the zoo screaming \run! they're loose!!!!\"""""
"is disappointed that life is a b!tch   i mean, cant life be a sl*t?? at least then it'd be easy!!"
"those evil purple paisley penguins, with the help of the pink polka-dotted pandas have stolen my halo  i am battling them for it's return with the help of my massive army of dust bunnies  - total chaos & mayhem!"
thinks that mornings would be better if they happened in the afternoon!!!!!!
frontierville is finally letting me do something - even if it is slower than molasses in january! it's been 5 days of maybe working five minutes a day  sad   fingers crossed that it lasts 
"this\ is for all the men who say \ why marry the cow when you can get the \",22d1b7b335a27b95 laugh c0f4be32c4e5db,i haven't lost my mind   i know exactly were it is  i just don't want to pick it up!!
news flash: 'a truck load of viagra was stolen today  police say they are looking for hardened criminals '
"you may say i'm crazy, but i'm really a fruit loop in a world full of cheerios "
"saves lives each day - because there are people out there that need to be shot, and i don't shoot 'em "
"everybody has a right to be stupid once in a while, but some people seem to abuse the privilege!!"
"i'm tired of trying, sick of crying, i know i've been smiling, but inside i'm dying  i want to laugh but who will hear me? i want to scream but no one is there  i want to leave but who will miss me? i want to die but who will care? tears fall as the the blood flows - just one more cut and maybe the pain will fade - for just a minute or two  every day it gets harder and harder to fake that smile "
is up and out of bed    my brain will join me later    that is if i had one  i lost it when i had kids!
"can relax this weekend  i got my weekly exercise by pushing my luck, throwing out my options, running in circles, and jumping to conclusions "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a foot up the ass  people who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass, except for a foot up the ass,    but    we can raise awareness about this    problem      smile "
"if a janitor smokes weed, does that make him her high maintenance?"
has anyone been having problems with farmville? i was in the middle of accepting gifts from my gift box and when i clicked again it said it was empty  i refreshed and came back and everything is gone except farmhands and arborist's (guess i should be glad they're still there) - and i haven't been able to make anything in my spa because there have been no bushels for days now  grrr
"if life gives you lemons, make lemonade  then use the profits to buy an assault rifle  see if life makes the same mistake twice "
wonders if her sanity is under the fridge with the dust bunnies or under the stove with her marbles!
"don't worry about those who place themselves higher than others  that just means they have further to fall  and yes, they will fall  "
"women, we are angels who fly with wings  but when our wings are broken, we fly with broomsticks! yup we're just that flexible!  smile "
math magic: take the last 2 digits of your phone number x 2 + 5 x 50 + your age + 365 - 615  look at the answer  the last 2 <propfirst> are your age and the first 2 are the last 2 digits of you telephone number  smile 
i'm bored   should i bedazzle my straight jacket or put stickers on my helmet?
"depression\ is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to \bestrong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who \has or has had depression  will you do it and leave it on your status \for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week \   and 1 in 3 of us will suffer    at some point in our lives  show your \support good people: i copied and pasted, will you?"
*kaboom!* ya hear that? it was my sanity going up in flames 
"life has given me plenty of lemons, but i wanna know when i'm going to get the <propfemale> so i can make good use of 'em?"
liquor & sprite
"please read !!!!!! if someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air, do not do this, it is a scam  t\hey just want to see you naked  please copy and paste this to your status, i wish i had received this yesterday  i feel so stupid now!"
"if i had a warning label it would read: may cause dizziness, shortness \of breath, vomiting, and internal bleeding   to avoid these \symptoms   don't piss me off   "
"has an awesome idea, but first, she needs a pitcher, <propfemale>, lime, salt, duct tape, a target, and volunteers  mbos (must bring own shovel)!"
"the human tongue is only a few inches from the brain, but when you listen to some people talk, they seem <propmale> apart "
"when killing them with kindness doesn't work, try a baseball bat    results may vary "
it's a new day - a <propmale> to make new friends or piss off a whole new group of people  it could go either way 
"my logic may not always be logical to you but clearly my logic is \logical because, logically my logic is logical  any questions?"
"i'm fluent in 3 different languages: english, sarcasm, and profanity  wink "
humpty dumpty  was pushed i tell ya   pushed!!!
"nope, i don't have to be so sarcastic! but the world just gives me so much to work with why waste it!  smile "
"dear morning, bite me "
miracles happen every day  i haven't choked the stupid out of someone today  see? miracle 
is having one of those days where i just want to light somebody's face on fire and try putting it out with a fork!!
can you be annoying a little later i'm still cleaning the gun   
"how come every time we lose something someone asks \where did you have it last?\"" if i knew that i would not be looking for it!!"""
wishes every time i took a shower it would be like an herbal essence commercial!!
when i was younger i dreamed of palm trees and sand so how the hell did i end up with pine trees and snow?!?
i never get jealous when i see my ex with someone else because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate 
"'s advice: love the people who treat you right   prey on the ones that don't   wait, no it's pray for the ones that don't   yeah, that's it  wink "
"just when you think you can't handle anymore, life will throw you another disaster and you have to deal with it anyway!"
"every christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought  well this is what i want: people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured, children with no families to be adopted & loved, people to never have to worry about food, shelter & heat, animals to have safe & loving homes  now, lets see how many people re-post this who actually care  i have a feeling i am gonna see almost no re-posts"
anyone have directions to the state of denial? i want to move there 
thinks her guardian angel is on dope
"they say things will be better tomorrow! well, i have checked the calendar 3 flipping times and have yet to find a day marked tomorrow!"
i read somewhere that stress makes you smarter    if that's true i should be splitting an atom in my kitchen sink sometime later today!
today's crappy attitude is proudly sponsored by the alarm clock 
"when people piss me off tomorrow, i hope i can remember that it takes 42 muscles to frown, and only 4 to extend my middle finger and tell them to bite me because that's about all the energy i have left to give "
"well, biopsy was today & pet scan is in the morning - those damn radiology techs still won't tell us how many pets bring  they just look at us with a blank start and no comprehension at all  i thought we were supposed to try and stay upbeat and they have no sense of humor at all  i'd just be happy if the nightmares would quit and i could sleep more than 2 - 3 hours a night  i'm tired dammit!!"
"had one of those days where i feel like i was hit by a truck, but the truck wasn't satisfied so it went in reverse and hit me again! for some reason, i have a feeling that truck isn't finished with me just yet "
people who investigate strange noises in horror movies deserve to die 
"just when i think i'm all cried out, i find out i still have more  this has got to be the hardest thing i've ever had to do  i really wish i could sleep - i'm so damn tired, but the nightmares won't leave me alone, and when i do manage some, i hear moans next to me bringing me to full alert  where's my damn mania when i need it?"
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster than a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile: )
"one day, someone showed me a glass of water that was half full and asked, \is it half empty or half full?\"" so i drank the water  no more problem  could someone please repeat the question with something stronger than water?"""
"got the call from the oncologists office today - all the test results are back, so they want him in the dr 's office in the morning  i think i've cried so much this past week i need flood insurance - good thing he sleeps so much so he can't see   i'm scared, mad, and irrational  i'm trying to be strong right now, but it's not easy  i hate this feeling and just want things to be the way they used to be!!"
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  i just defeated him!"
asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for just one hour? do it for all of us 
"hi ho - hi ho - it's off to florida we go! and if <propfirst> gets eaten by a hungry alligator along the way, i'm innocent i tell ya, innocent!!!"
"hi to all of <propfemale>'s fb friends, i'm her mom and i will be on here to do some of her games for her while she is gone   i'm not going to send gifts because she said to so i can keep up with her's and mine   everyone have a great day   i will let you all know what is going on with their trip as i learn   yesterday they were in tenn  and getting ready to leave on their way to fl "
"blue skies, sunshine, & palm trees "
<propfirst> died tonight
hi feel so damn empty and lost  kept waking up all night crying - i'd roll over and his side of the bed was empty  the dog slept curled right in the middl
"really missing my best friend and love - there is a huge hole in my heart :,("
picked up <propfirst>'s ashes today  so hard seeing my life reduced to ashes & placed in a little wooden box  do hearts actually break?
just got home  i really had myself convinced i could handle being here - i was wrong  i can't even get into my bed - i just want to get everything done and get out of here!!
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer or is a survivor, post this for at least one hour"
"i'm so very grateful for all the help i've been getting dealing with the house and all <propfirst>'s stuff that i know nothing about  i'm sure he's smiling down, happily watching, just totally amazed at our terrific friends  angry or bitter? me? never! always nice to find out who your friends are  i'm done stressing and dealing with the lies so don't contact me anymore!"
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  i know my family will  my prayers is that in 2011, a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in    honor of all fighting it! i hope to see this on everyone's status today"
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\?if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status!?\??????????????? ????? ?????????????"
"i wish heaven had a phone so that i could hear your voice again   i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday & days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories & a picture in a frame  re-post this    if you have someone in heaven that you miss ? miss you everyday!!!"
"i cried and watched you pass away, although i loved you dearly, i couldn't\make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke my heart to prove to me that he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven that you miss everyday       "
only 4 days till i'm leaving and still sooooo much to do  sad 
my house is looking pretty empty  tomorrow we'll get the rest of the stuff out of here and then hit the road friday morning  got the gps loaded with geocache spots for the trip & my brother plans on a stop at every bar we see  how long will the 1500 <propmale> take?
