29b3cd1e3d176d2cdc9cdbc34c5fa9cd
"hey, i finally got back from florida!"
is so bored right now
i just ran a bunch  it was so fun
is so bored
loves sticky notes!!!
no one is coming!!!
fell over a table today  it hurt   
needs caffine   
feels like she is going to throw up  sad 
hates the heat!
needs a coffee
yess! finally done with homework
the run at d'evelyn yesterday was both fun and painful
really hates math right now and wishes it made sense! grrr
finally finished writing
practice was so hard! i am in pain!
this power point thing sucks
is super excited for homecoming!  smile 
are you kidding me! i have 78 messages in my inbox!
rawr! i am a dinosaur!
"every cloud has a silver lining, but thousands of people are struck by lighnting trying to find it "
"when i talk to someone, sometimes i use funny words they dont understand "
ninja skillz are way better than being a vampire
"i think that possibly, maybe im fallin for you     "
so round     so profound     so great to contemplate       belly button 
yes there's a <propmale> that im fallin quite hard over you
i dont hate you that much  i hate everyone equally 
"if i set you on fire, would you be mad?"
hard work has a future payoff  laziness pays off now
this is going to be perfect for skiing!  smile 
"if i did a snow dance in my bathing suit for nothing and we still have school tomorrow, i will be very angry"
yeah     i dont think that whole snow dance thing worked    
stupid facebook!
rawr! to facebooks face!
"if you love someone, put their heart in a circle  hearts can break, but circles can go on forever"
i want popcorn     
my hampster died     rawr   
i think i kind of love lazer tag now
"until tonight, i've never really realized how loud air horns are "
hmmmm    i guess they were right  fire is hot
"we are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love  -anonymous"
"love is like a homeless guy searching for treasure in the middle of the rain and finding a bag of gold coins, but slowly coming to realize that they are all filled with chocolate, and even thought he's heart broken,he cant complain because he was hungry in the first place  -<propfemale> bauer"
"is it just me, or are pandas really freaking amazing!?"
"definition of thanksgiving: to eat massive amount of food to a point where you might throw up, while simultaneously being sleep inducing, and after all that is done, consume more food, and promptly, fall asleep  what a great holiday"
massive amounts of caffine were consumed today  this is good  laugh 
i woke up this morining and thought it was friday  then i got to school aned remembered that it was only tuesday  it was really a disapointment to my life
"within the last 12 minutes, ive probably downted 6 cups of coffee     this is likely not a good idea, seeing as though i should go to bed soon    "
"if you love something, let it go  if it comes back, then its yours to keep  if it doesn't, then it was never meant to be "
only those who risk going too far can find out how far they can go  - some runner i dont know
i like ramen  do you like ramen too?
i really kinda wish my house would at least break 60 degrees right now 
"i have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth  -umberto eco"
"today, unfortunately, i gave into corporate <propfemale> out of hunger, by consuming not one, but two jr  bacon cheeze burgers from a greasy place called <propfemale>'s  i feel like such a failure  but i enjoyed every minute of it, right until the second i threw it back up "
"teach a man to build a fire, and he'll be warm for tonight  set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life "
stupid kids! why cant they just share the trix!
"i didn't attend the funeral, but i sent a nice letter saying i approved of it  -<propfirst> twain"
"when you have so much more to do with your life, to be productive and to do things, but you really don't want to, the answer is always facebook "
i hate small children 
"it is currently 43 degrees in my room right now  and apparently, ipods don't work in these conditions  awesome "
dead men tell no tales  but sleeping people don't usually have much to say either 
"duct-tape fixes many things, but not everything "
"\i am a leaf on the wind  watch how i soar \"""""
i just beat my taco consuming record! seven tacos! yeah! i think i might just throw up now 
beef jerkey! om nom nom!!!  laugh 
blaaaaa            garble garble blaaaaa     
"videos on hulu, music, and not doing homework  today was a sucessful day "
yeah facebook  betcha think you're real cool 
"sometimes, i forget that celebrities were once people too  like zombies "
state skiing was rather beastly  and awesome 
"i miss the days when math had <propfirst> instead of letters  what is this, english?!"
"no, mrs  wienberg, this math is not fun "
do you like waffles? yes we like waffles  do you like pancakes? yes we like pancakes! do you like french toast? yes we like french toast! can't wait to get a mouthful! waffles!
food!!!!
i think the oven just e playful loded  awesome 
"dear math, i would be most appreciative if you would please stop eating my time and killing my life and mental sanity  thank you very much "
i can't believe i got up this morning to run  i'm going back to sleep 
"the more you complain, the longer god will make you live "
best banquet ever  ever 
shreddin' the gnar gnar 
"all the woulda-coulda-shouldas layin' in the sun, talkin' bout the things they woulda-coulda-shoulda done    but those woulda-coulda-shouldas all ran away and hid from one little did "
"when the light turns green, you go  when the light turns red, you stop  but what do you do when the light turns blue with orange and lavender spots? -shel silverstein"
rainbow of sharpies acquired 
"if at first you don't succeed, then skydiving is not for you "
my feet are going to bleed 
rain is just a free shower for hobos 
"when i drive, i think of squirrels as bonus points "
rule no  21 of living in a post-zombie appocalyptic society: never go anywhere alone  ever 
good friends sit with you in class  best friends sit with you in jail 
is off to recruit 8th graders  future freshies for ski team  woot woot!
ahhhh!!! hardest workout this year! eleven tankers!!! killer!!!!
musical was freakin' amazing!
"today, i sprinted 2 <propmale>  i declare myself a beast "
"the only good race pace is suicide pace, and today looks like a good day to die  -pre"
emo kids are just a bunch of non-conformists attempting to conform to the acts of non-conformism 
\so it is a sword," it just happens to function as a key in very specific situations \""\"29b3cd1e3d176d2cdc9cdbc34c5fa9cd,wow  ii would love to tell you how much i don't want to do this math homework 
yess!!! done with wienberg forever!! now i never have math with her ever ever again!!!! done!
"yes, today i went to the mall  yes, i walked around like a tourist wearing a dinosaur hat  yes it was awesome  yes people stared, gaped and laughed  no, i don't care "
status? summer 
summer plans? abolished  awesome
"i think the phrase \it doesn't matter what other people think\"" spawned the obesity epidemic """
"today, i learned how to fluently say, \hello  my pants are on fire \""  in a foerign language  it was a sucessful day """
i want to be <propmale> and famous so people will run around and get me chai lattes  jk  i just want a chai latte 
needs a good spider incinerating flamethrower right now     
"\are you suggesting that coconuts migrate?\"""""
fish are like pokemon  you gotta catch 'em all 
one year without soda ends    here!!
"\sometimes i imagine as many as six impossible things before breakfast \"""""
just got a four wheeler  sweet!
"asian camp was shockingly awesome, despite the uber lack of sleep!! miss everyone already!  playful  now i have to write on everyone's wall     bla      "
"yeah,\ so, i definitely just cut off over half of my hair  smile "
i think i've developed somewhat of an obsession with pandas 
i ran  i ran until my muscles burned and my veins pumped battery acid  then i ran some more 
"i tried typing fantabulous in a word document, but it seemed to be spelled wrong, and word check wouldn't help me  then i remembered that fantabulous isn't an actual word "
chicka chicka yeah!!! just got a phone  this makes me immensely happy  laugh 
"\congratulations panda  there is now a level 0 \"""""
sometimes i imagine as many as six impossible things before breakfast 
"every time i do math, my soul withers a little "
"dear math, go die \love, <propfemale>"
goodbye best summer ever  *insert dramatic sigh here*
i'm sarcastic  what's your superpower?
i think i like poetry 
"we are the middle children of history  no purpose or place  we have no great war  no great depression  our great war is a spiritual war  our great depression, our lives  we've all been raised on television to believe that we'd all be millionaires and movie gods, and rock stars  but we won't  and we're slowly learning that fact  and we are very, very pissed off "
"\hey! there's the icecream man! want to run him over?\"""""
"dude     where did my life go? oh, thats right, school ate it "
really microsoft? is spork not a word!?!
bieber fever? i think that kills people 
"come on calc, youre killin me "
epic adventures with big sis today  laugh dd
i love asian marts 
gahhh     almost friday!!!
i think i'm going to have twizler stuck in my lung forever 
i really need to get a door for my room one of these days 
so many notecards!!!!
"duct-tape, i think you just saved my life "
"glee, you manage to ruin every good song that i have ever liked  so dear glee, you suck!"
"i definitely just combined 8 servings into 1  yeah, i'm a g "
school! take a freakin' chill pill!!
i hated glee before it was cool to hate glee 
my brohas is coming home!  laugh 
shred the gnar gnar in the schuss!
"\guys shut up! i have to read the subtitles!\"""""
"only i could trip up the stairs carrying a hot pocket, totally faceplant it and still save the hot pocket "
"alright seybert thats cool, you can assign 4 essays in one week  its not like i was doing anything with my life "
"yesterday, i got a taco wallet  pretty much the best day of my life "
"knee deep powder  freezing winds  blizzarding conditions  minimum visibility  \this is what i live for "
my house smells like    tacos   smile 
\dear tv shows with fake background laughter,\29b3cd1e3d176d2cdc9cdbc34c5fa9cd,psshhh  those asians in my trash can 
stupid slalom
