beb0fe803666185ce755df7db80cad36
excited for tomorrow 
confused and worried
really pissed off 
i'm ok  kinda sore but thats what i get for lifting hard 3 days in a row  also wondering what i am gonna do tomorrow! ^^
last day of camp tomorrow   but cant wait to get back to north branch
home sweet home  but i'm very tired
got assassins creed on my ipod  i'm astonished that they got games that complex on the ipod already 
is kinda sleepy  ~7 days~
church was awesome last night  
got some work done  i made aprox  $90! woot!
bringing my horse to the state fair tomorrow!
- -
should just stop getting my hopes up and stop trying 
tired 
just got back from the monicello tourney  i thought the team definately improved  also i went undefeated 
   hmmm i will definately have to look closer on down by the <propfemale> gardens before i take on the song    it might be a bit to close to my trouble spot
wants to see legion! comes out <propfirst>  22!
wow its almost christmas! where did the time go?
zzzzzz tired  long day at work
i just uploaded christmas pics if anyone wants to check them out  otherwise peace out homies im going to catch some z's
listening to music! <(^^ )>
won my two matches tonight! yay 
music hunting 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why does <propmale> hughes have to sell all his song in one book?!? i only want the one song!
i am drowning my sorrows in a lil cup of apple sauce     even worse tho is that it is working  i am actually a <propmale> bit happier    odd 
http annoyed  www cnn com video # video bestoftv 2010 03 09 cb schools crisis cnn?iref=allsearch rofl
dont go to great clips in north branch  i stood there waiting to get my hair cut and waited for  20 <propfemale>  to a half hour watching the lady talk on the phone socially the whole time  needless to say my hair is not cut   annoyed 
color 1 finished 
's engineering project proving tougher than first assumption    
"-<propfirst> 8, 1-11"
just got off work  little tired    
i get by with a little help from my friends 
o o prom 
happy mommy's day 
- - woah 
started my ballista  don't wanna go to work though  :[
yet another wonderful day weather wise   
"ok    \fill up gas tank- check  \find a way to avoid all household work and tasks- check \play some kind of video game  laze around- check \drive aimlessly to relieve stress- check \and have a casual conversation gone wrong- check  ( open mouth and then insert foot   yummy )  annoyed  grr   \well looks like my to do list for today is now done   wonderful  annoyed \"
eff    -_-
hmmmm        being lost is not fun    dang 
- - felt really lazy today 
just woke up to the worst dream 
i guess some movies just can't come true 
doesn't like when technology glitches  dang ipod 
waiting to go to wrestle    
"the more i look at it the more i believe that life is exactly like a wrestling match  in all reality it is very short but seems to be long, thinking too much or too long can cost you big, confidence is key, if you dont care you will lose, if you hesitate you will lose, never do anything half way, without agression you have nothing, and the nice guy in the match doesn't win "
o o woah     laugh 
getting ready for work - - 7 hour days stink 
finally going to have some fun!!!!
work work work 
hrmmm    indeed this is gonna be interesting   
"got my hair cut and colored yesterday, it looks amazing! thanks <propfemale>!!!!!"
-_- got an awkward shift tomorrow for work  yay     annoyed 
had an exciting day yesterday! it was crazy!
trying to understand  annoyed 
nice big serving of confusion with a little 'what?' sprinkled on top for flavor and then i also got some 'where do i go now' after that  yay     -_- grr
got done with my morning workout  smile 
hrmmm     why must my mind wander to the far reaches where i can not locate it anymore?  laugh 
ahhh heck   
peachy   
ssdd - -
 sad 
i need to stop rolling this freaking ankle!  annoyed 
"wants a pet dragon, waaay better than any car or truck  i'd fly it everywhere!"
actually excited for school  laugh 
"uuuuuugh, homework -_-"
so i have come to realize that i am to play an elephant but honestly i usually can't remember a darned thing   
off to work today until 3  wondering what i will do after!  smile  we'll see!
what the heck?!? my no name road i live on is blocked fully by traffic and no one is moving    how am i gonna get to work?!?
"off work!!! yay ^^,     now what am i gonna do?"
you know those times when you can't sleep because that one thing is on your mind    i actually am fine with this one thing keeping me up  strange 
maybe working out will help   
i hate looking into myself   
hmmm what to do   
"be glad of the times when you fell on your face, its an open door to get back up better than you were before "
"homework, facebook, and batman returns     smile  multitasking is great"
hrmmm   what to do  
thank you everyone who has wished me a happy birthday
not happy 
where are all the sour patch parents?
anxiety why must you haunt me?    or why must you exist even?!?!?
got off work a lil while back    now trying to solve the conundrum of what to do  
had a full day of work    now movies  smile  im relaxing 
wow      i wish i had more time   
going through senior pics and trying to decide which one to put in the yearbook  then going and completing more questionares    hopefully i might get to see someone     please  
i hate when this happens   
so pumped! just found out that we have a triangular scheduled at home with foley and stfrancis on dec  16th and then a foley invit on <propfirst>  8th!
thinking    
i hate those days when you know you should be happy but just cant find a way to 
"wrestling went really good tonight  happy with our win over st <propfirst> and the team put up a good fight against foley  although there will always be room for improvement, so we are getting started on that tomorrow!"
tired and no quite ready for school  though i am excited to see some of my friends i couldn't see over break 
everytime a door closes another one will always open 
"today was   interesting, but back up on that horse i go!"
home wrestling meet tomorrow! come cheer on the team!!
grand rapids tomorrow! so pumped!
"thursday i am off to state, looking to make it the best yet this year "
missing someone
it's crazy how many memories you can pack away as you fill that box   
tired
