29521d6e75272cadc78d3ffc250fed9f
<propmale> got his first tooth today!
the fourth was awesome  now we're heading to the aqarium! i haven't been to the beach is forever   
"got home from the coast at 11 surprise 0     long day, but very fun   will post picks soon"
yes! vaca started at 5 smile 0  disney here we come monday        
i missed the wedding pool party! i totally forgot     sad   so busy getting ready for our trip 
we fly out in the morning   no farmtown for me for awhile   lol
"we're home, disneyland was awesome! then we went camping for a couple nights  will post pics soon "
it is sooo hot!
i can't make myself move the rest of my stuff to my new place! at least the furniture came today    so new and comfy 
"went to the doc today, have a herniated disc   even with the prednisone the pain is getting worse   ugh!"
"ok, the prednisone made me stay up until 4am this morning   kids better sleep in   lol"
"thank  god it's the last day on the prednisone   i can't sleep on this stuff   wish the back would feel better, sometimes it feels like i'm going to get sick from the back pain    complain, complain, complain   lol"
wish my back was better   but getting to spend alot more time with the kids   and no time at work!!!
have you ever heard of a kindergardener getting suspended from school? mine has twice now    i don't know wether to laugh of cry  i think i laugh so i don't cry lol
"ok, good nite all  hopefully it's not another month before i get back on here!"
thank you to everyone who said happy b-day! i haven't been on here in awhile!
it is a very happy day! i miss all my work people   but not work  will be back on the 28th  thanks for the plant from bmea everyone 
my son lost my phone again and no one is online to ask to call it    of course!  smile 
got my tattoo fixed and got jacobs name on it  have to post it later 
"yeah, lost my phone again  this time it wasn't <propmale> who lost it!"
finally found my phone   now i can call my dad and wish him a happy fathers day! thanks for calling my phone <propmale>
how is it that my laundry never   ceases to end?
"off to dr  appointment, then no kids camping trip!!!"
back from camping trip from hell    except for the last night when i brought the kids up to camp 
playing in the pool with the kids   life is good!
i started back to work today after my hand surgeries    feels like i never left   at lest i have vacation in four weeks  lol
freight kicked my ass today   darn canning jars  jj needs to come back from vacation!
how is it you can't go to sleep when you know you have to get up early? ugggh
almost all caught up at work  i work tomorrow but get double time and a half! yeah
there is something about sleeping lately that for some reason my mind seems to not want to do much of    which sucks in the mornings
do you know when you get a ticket nowadays it comes out of a printer and is about a foot and a half long? it cost me $142 to know that    
"cleaned the living room today, then fell asleep on the couch  either i dreamed i cleaned or my kids tore it all back up :  "
tomorrow is my 5 year anniversary at work  woo whoo!?
work is back to normal jj is back! yeah! but where are you bonbon???
it's still warm outside here   off to my cooled off room and pillow top bed!!!!!!!
is it gonna storm or not? i dont care i'm jumping in the pool after work even if it will be 830!
made it in the pool after work today   my youngest just layed on me and we floated around  perfect end to the day!
jazzy and i are going to go see eclipse today! then get brother and get in the pool   
"the countdown for vacation begins  where shall i go   mexico, hawaii, disneyland? nope    willamina   mcminnville    lol"
i was joking with my yard guy and told him i'd offer him a beer if i had one but all i have is southern comfort  i think he really wanted it though  could you imagine what my yard woulda looked like!
i think i want to put a transfer in for work    uggh
todays been a good day considering i woke up 3 minutes before i was supposed to be at work  by the time i got myself and my kids ready i was only 48 mins late  lol
i think it's a kaluah mudslide poolside kinda day after work!
"if it weren't for poker on here i'd go to bed earlier   yeah, that's what i'll blame it on   "
pool is clean    contemplating wether to get in    why not
i didn't need the paper   i already knew   ha
5am sucks   at least it's friday and i get off work early!
"yeah, it's the weekend!"
five more work days then off to vacation   
i actually get paid really good to play with tvs and cameras and chane watch batteries all day! nice busy day at work so far 
"i called a friend i hadn't talk to in awhile out of the blue, and am so glad i did  he really gets my mind thinking about what i really want to do  thank bc  now, <propfemale> i too shall try to zone out the kids and take a relaxing bath  then off to bed, have to go to the airport at 4 smile 0am  ugh"
sometimes a person says something and it might come out wrong without them even realizing it  what i mean is sometimes i am an a@@ without meaning to be  sorry   
is happy! almost vaca time! can't wait to get away from this heat  if i thought it would be a good look i would shave my head   lol
one more day of work then vacation time  nener nener nener
"3 1 2 more hrs at work  then pick up jazzys meds, pack clean the truck and off we go in the am!"
 smile 
had fun tonight talking about old times  actually turned the heater on in car   something that doesn't happen in gp  good night
tonight was stupid and it too freaking hot here at my dads  *frustrated*
thinking a laser light show sounds good sometime this week   have to go to the omsi  site and see what music they have for it 
how old am i when my 14 yr old brother likes someone whoes mom i went to school with? lol
tried to sneak into my daughters granparents and woke them up  sorry butch and <propfemale>! had so much fun at dads  beat my brother at wrestling! haha <propfirst>! i miss seeing my lil sis and brother grow up! my brother is taller than me  sad 
which sounds better for the laser show   pink ffloyd or the beatles? i've seen the pink ffloyd before and it was really good   
facebook on the ipod touch is so much easier than my phone or my dads <propmale> computer
going to visit grandpa hale at the <propfirst> nursing home  hard to believe he was the police chief of willamina way back when
"of my 109 friends here on fb, i'm only liking about 108 of ya! lol"
"going back home tomarrow  fitting in a bunch of visits and goodbyes, then going to the beatles laser light show tonight "
i heart portland!
"laser beatles was so worth it in case anyone was considering going! had so much fun with brother, sis and my chillins!"
alrighty we are home! i don't understand how driving is so exhausting   just sit on my ace for 4 hours and steer! lol
goodnight   vacation is over and have to get up at 530   ugh
ok really do have to go to bed early tonight   no more guitar hero til 1130!
"i was going to shampoo my carpet on my day off  but i guess my son wanted it done sooner cause the little \pooper\"" had a couple free minutes of no diaper after his bath   yuck! so i shampooed early needless to say   """
anyone from bm heard from <propfemale> today?? any new news?
"wow  even calgon couldn't take me away tonight  <propfemale> keptcoming in the bathroom: mom  why do you have bubbles in your bath? mom,can i get in? mom can i have candles in my room,too? mom, are you naked?  seriously? this is what i get when i try to relax   lol"
i don't even have the words to describe how happy my kids make me! why do kids have to be <propfemale> cute   
"i get to go to the photo show in <propfirst> for work this year! two paid days of looking at cool stuff and a night at a nice hotel   i don't understand why people in other depts don't like going to their shows  oh well, i am looking forward to it!"
"the funny thing about work is that they keep wanting you to show up   i've got them fooled though, i'm not going in tomarrow! of course thwy did schedule me off    yeah getting up at 5 am sucks!"
to get dressed or lounge around for my day off   that is the question   
sick all night and a headache right behind my right eye   work will be sooo much fun tonight! at least i have this weekend off 
had a good talk about my mom with my aunt tonight  some tears but good memories  miss you mom! i just wish she coulda met my son jasmine got to meet her though finally 
movie day with my cousin!
i've decide my next vacation is going to be a cruise!  any ideas? it'll probably be in march 
 smile 
bought a raft yesterday to float around in at chinook  and yes <propfirst> and <propfirst> those oars do suck! got swept up in the rapids and ended up floating all the way to baker  it was the best time though 
i love my family and my real friends!
been sleeping so well the last few nights  not waking up all night! i think those stupid pills were messing me up 
 
hope it warms up again for the weekend so we can go rafting again! deffinately need better oara though   smile 
my car caught on fire today   it's a goner   if anyone has acarseat i could use for <propmale> i would appreciate it 
"kinda sucks with no car,didnt get to go rafting yesterday  painted instead   had such wierd dreams last night  like your awake but can'tmove your arms or legs or anything  wierd   hope everyone is having an awesome labor day weekend!"
perfect weather today! my daughter on the other hand thinks 75 is pants and coat time!
i love fall! <propfemale> is so excited to start 1st grade tomarrow and go 5 days a week  i think i may take my anniversary day from work in the middle of the week and enjoy some lazy day   
first day of school and i wake up to a flashing alarm! ran out to the lving room to see what time it was and luckily <propfemale> still had 20 minutes to get ready  lunch was made and clothes picked out the night before so just enough time  they grow up to quick!
working at 7am makes it  difficult when <propfemale> doesnt have to be to  school til 740    thank goodness for friends with kids that go to the same school! thanks poe!
getting laundry and bags packed tonight so i don't have to rush around tomarrow night    can't wait for some work paid time in <propfirst>!
no kids tonight! whatever shall i do!? lol
had a good couple of days in eugene   but would love to go home and see my kiddos    but cynde is obbessed with shopping here! :-\\
ok back from <propfirst> and back to work today   yea!?
"went to jazzy's school for open house   not to exciting, but guess that is good! she loves school and it is going so much better now than it was this time last year! not suspended once! lol    she won't be either, is doing awesome!"
"jazzys on the bus and <propmale> is still asleep   me time! yea! actually, i bet get ready for work    of course!"
figured out the new phone  i feel like listening to some oasis tonight   i still have the cd from high school  lol
"absently watching desperate housewives  cant really get into any shows anymore   ok thats a fib, i discovered tons of shows last <propfirst> and feb when on maternity leave  parking wars, operation repo, intervention   and new ones pickers and the pawn shop one   "
"my lil man just got out of bed, put on his sunglasses and snuggled up on me   how can you not love kids!"
bbq'd with new friends today and enjoyed the sun! now kids are bathed and asleep    smile 
getting house ready for halloween!!! will post pics later   
just sitting outside enjoying the sun on my last break!
i miss she-ra and he-man   some chick just walked by in a she-ra shirt   lol
had people over for dinner   and they lived! lol   was actually really good  thank you crock pot!
is taking the kids to go work in jasmines school garden now    should be fun after last nights rain 
guesses its time to put her raft away    dont think there will be anymore hot enough days for that anytime soon!
e playful lain to me how thw beer floats to the bottom of the cooler   llol
cupcakes in the oven!!! now i'm going to look online to see what kinda car i want to get   rather dream about itsince its gonna <propfemale> few months   lol
and the count down to vegas begins   lol
i think today will be lazy day    do not want to start packing    do not want to clean   i may pull a <propfirst> fillible and post some old pics later   if i'm not being too lazy!
ok   just gave my 30 notice to landlord  kinda nervous as i dont have a new place yet  she did call back and offered to take $100 off the rent   told her i'd think about it for the day!
trying to clean  but my carpet shampooer hasnt worked right since i loaned it out   kinda counter productive   think i'll watch a movie instead!
"jazzys homework, brownies and dinner done by 5 smile 0! now baths, bedtime story and bed   this is all going to smooth   hmmm"
"jazzy'sin the tub singing opera   or \oprah\"" as she calls it! lol"""
ok   going to vegas and want to make the most of it this time  any suggestions???
getting nipply out! going to rain on my weekend off of course  guess i'll pay in the mud at the pumpkin patch! lol
i think i may just be the happiest person in the world right now!
sooo hard to go back to work after a weekend off   
yep   still happy    its almost sickening   lol
happy birthday mom! ; )
it's my friday! yea for me
"so when i sent out the text with my new cellnumber, i thought the signature was on   and it wasnt so got like 40 texts   who is this   lol    that'll teach me!"
i wish it would rain    might put me to sleep   
beetlejuice is on!
"yea, i am 21!!!!"
actually doing something for my birthday! wow    
thanks everyone for all the happy b-days! it was good!
will i ever get to sleep in again? before my kids are teenagers???
halloween decos down   me and jazzy cleaned her room   linda i hope u work tomarrow cause all those kinks u worked out of my neck are back   
you know you have a true friend when you've known each other over 20 years and still can talk for hours!
i can even mess up take and bake    damn broiler   ugh
"wow   seriously, somepeople just live in their own world and make up their own reality  i wish i could live like that   just string life along and what    forget cause you smoked one bowl to many   well eff u"
good day off   picked <propfemale> up from school and she asked if she could vaccum for me!!!
i have recently figured out that the people that have to point out that they dont like drama usually cause most of it! and there are plenty of drama kings out there too!
another fun day at bimart   ?!
just loves getting up early on my day off to get jazzy up and ready for school   jake should be waking up anytime now too!
so excited jazzys scholl has parents night out tonight! where else can  you find trustworthy care for ur kids for $5?!   and they get to do crafts and  watch mvoies     plus i get a much needed movie night with friends!!!
jazzys christmas program tonight   cute pics to com   lol
our local charter cable office sucks! my daughter could do better customer service than the dip hole i dealt with today! i want my cord back freaks!
<propfemale> christmas  to everyone!
jasmines staying the night at a friends and jakes asleep and all i can think to do is post it here   lol   maybe i'll read a book 
i quit drinking soda and started working out on my wii fit every night and gained 2 pounds in the last week   i'm gonna call it muscle   lol
"wow i got my w2s earlier then normal this year    usually wait til the last few days  yea, get to visit my dad soon then!"
happy 7th birthday to my <propfemale> <propfemale> today!
had jasmines bday party with her friends today  nothing feels as acomplished and peaceful when its all done and cleaned up!
 
