13b805708b7eae6823f3492b0a41b8b3
new year starts    im tired    and we hope <propfemale> hasnt caught the chicken pox     yeah    that would suck!!
gets married     today     crazy!!!!!!!!
im so excited for <propfemale> football season!!!!! sept 3rd baby!!!!! woooohoooo
school starts tomorrow!!!
saw and wished elder dallin h oaks the best tomorrow    met him today at work     smile  it was a delight!
keeps on rolling! good times   
okay   we're good    found it   
stopped and skidded at an intersection because somebody ran a red light
congrats byu     shame maxy     go tcu!!!
christmas was great    hopefully everyone elses was as well!!!
goodbye 2010   bring on 2011  
got a calling    and excited for school tomorrow    if only i knew where my class was    
so     i hate pharmacys     but love the jazz!!!!!
life     busy
wardball first time in a year (i was recruited): scored 26 including hitting 6 straight threes in the third and fourth quarter    ill accept!
taxes     would you just give me some money back   ? soon would be nicer    
"today: woke up, took bus to work, waited for bus for two hours (because of salt lake marathon)    worked called and said i could have day off, going home from work    or bus stop   what a day! and its only 1230!"
is incredibly frustrated! i need a new alarm clock!
adding <propfemale> pics    more tomorrow    im tired   
my mid-year new years resolution     save $2080      ! so i can get to ireland with my wifey!!!!!    i think its a good mid-year-new-year-resolutoin   
the worst decision ever made by our american country    the invention of the lakers!!!e
potentially 1 semester left before i get my associates degree!
"ps     my phone is busticated     so if your trying to reach me, you might fail   "
my phone is officially broke     till i get to the sprint store which has my new one    yep    that means i cannot answer calls   
my phone is officially unbroke! yesssss      smile 
hysteria!!!!! world cup nearly 12 hours away!!!!!!!!!!
welcome to world cup 2010!!! waking up at 7    to easy  ? haha go south africa!!!!
goall!!!!!!!!!  south africa!!!!!!!!!
"day 2! go south korea, <propfemale>, and usa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"the announcer today has a mean scottish accent, go germany!"
"just got my invite to the pac-10, im outta here!!! see ya mountain west!!"
so undeserving its not even worth a comment   
lagoon tuesday!!!! so excited    its been around 10 years!!! tuesday!!!!! woohooo
usa usa usa unbelievable!!!!!!!! goallllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
usa     you can do it!!!!!
off to lagoon again with the wifey    ah     its nice!  smile 
at 1130 last night    we had to call 911    
yesterday    i learned that when girls go on rollar coasters   it can be interesting     cause there   um    they can be all over the place   
i got my marriage! my wife found it for me! with new surprises! yay!
happy anniversary to me!!!! (and my wifey!!!)
my brain is working towards overkill     is that bad?
\can we pretend that airplanes,\13b805708b7eae6823f3492b0a41b8b3,spending my anniversary summer vacation with my wifey    who happens to be sick and miserable     sad 
cooked for my wife    using the stove for the first time for her!  smile 
"today would have marked my fathers 65th birthday! as my brother wrote 'i love you dad, i miss you dad, your the greatest dad i ever had!'"
"this just in! sickness sucks   \thanks for listening, and well keep you informed of the news   "
miami!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10 peat!!!!
"there's only 1 way, 2 say, those 3 words, 4 you!\i love you!"
 smile 
figured out why out a c isn't working    it has to be jump started    oh      so weve been in a 92 degree house for a lame reason    hahaha
today i learned who has more <propfemale> me or my wife    need less to say   women are the superior sex    
i have to work    while my wife enjoys the day at lagoon with <propfirst>    lucky wife    could be worse    im off at 5!
last night had <propfemale> in one pit-pit sleeping    and our girl <propfemale> in the other    can life get better    i subnit it cannot
will be hanging out with <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale>orrow!!! yay!
lunch with <propmale> <propfirst>     delight! how i miss ireland   
am happy   
love my wife!
most unsucessful dees trip in history    first we wante dto go then we decided not to    then at 11 decided to again    ordered like    sides    took 3 bites and all of us realized we werent hungry     go friday the 13th   
"the worst relationship im in right now is with school    its always telling me that im not good enough and to try harder     and i cant break up with it cause it will \lead to things\"""""
game day! go utes!!!!!!!
beautiful <propfemale>     playing sports till 10    happy labor day!
wifey! where you be?
"fantasy football    2 leagues, pretty sure im 0-2     maybe next week   "
sign<propmale> up for drivers <propmale> today    then drove home
am sick    i feel like a poopy substance    i know    gross picture   
"so    one week in 2 fantasy football games lose by combined 14 points, this week, i win by a combined 102 points!"
today i learn<propmale> the motorcycles dont have seat belts    happy drivers <propmale> class   haha
top 10 worst night of my life    well    maybe top 20   
"so cooked mashed potatoes, corn and gravy for the wifey    actually tasted really good together    (was going to use our chicken gravy    it was bad   )"
"1 car broke down, and now we have 2 legally good cars    saaweet    "
"hands down i have the \greatest\"" wife in the worl    shes magical    i love you <propfemale>"""
has 5 tickets to the <propfemale> game    who wants to go?
college gameday in slc next sat! yeah <propmale>
so    does anyone need another wardball player    i get a solid 20-10 performance a night     smile 
go utah!!!! blackout! yeeeeah!
"so glad monday is over, if only i could say the same about school    haha    only like     3 more years   "
"homework    go away! go away! come back another day! (or never, whatever works   )"
"after going to bed after or around 2 oclock in the morning, my psychology paper might be finished (after tonight)    it better get a good grade! a lot of sleep went into this    literally   "
im thankful for my wife    what a blessing she is in my life    smile 
yeah!! go utes!!! utah nation! if byu wants to complain    then ill complain about last year    and how we should have won   go utes! <propmale> hall hates me!
1 more week of schoo l    oh motherof <propfirst>!
"finish friday test and paper   next week: presentation-monday, tuesday   paper-thursday  test-monday, wednesday, thursday, friday    and then done    so easy   "
dude i am so awesome    merry christmas 
<propfemale> brought us 4g eco phones!
<propfemale> christmas everyone    hoping your day is a special one!
f this sickness crap   
another semester   another 16 credits   and im finally feeling better   thank heavens!
go ducks!
3  sportscenter top 5 plays   i'm okay with that   go jazz!
if everything goes according to plan    should have my license next thursday    (9 days)
jazz are playing way bad    if they played this way all year you would be surprised i'd they'd make the playoffs    come on jazz!
i failed at applebees!
serious? my car key just had to break?    i didn't even press remotely hard? snap holmes   
pres monson came into the clocks today    and chatted for about 10 <propfemale>    it was awesome! very quick witted
best jazz loss i've seen in 6 games   
it's official: i can legally drive   
enjoying the game    live    thanks to jens   !
bruised rib feels a bit sore right now    
jr smith fined 25 grand for his foul    not enough    if only he could be        
watching the supbowl ads only    haha   
"one word \greatness\""    congrats packers   """
"2 notes    first, big changes ahead! (maybe?) second, <propfirst>    sloan    wha?"
"wow, cousins is probably the biggest drama in the nba ever   good luck kings    could he at least act 5 years old"
i am so awesome 
"today, was an unplanned blessing which came from a screwed up situation   "
"serious, someone stole a part from or car?"
i am the neetest
<propfirst> miller toyota    ask for <propmale> arce    its a good time to buy a car!
so    <propfemale> is pregnant!  smile 
"for the reconrd, <propfemale> isn't pregnant    happy april fools"
