a8042e602453c790f72b37d0b8b49eeb
is watching scrubs on hulu bc nooone will come <propfemale> out with him   
feels a little un-popular right now     annoyed 
is not in nearly a)s good of shape as he wants to should be    fml    (round is no londer an acceptable shape!)
is having fun playing with his laptop! everyone should check out xubuntu atleast once!!
is having to relearn a little more than i e playful ected with the xubuntu stuff but i'm still lovin' it!!  smile 
"is getting this!!! sort of,,,,"
is getting this figured out  smile 
is home alone     sort of   
is bored   
only seven days!!  laugh 
had fun today     even if part of it turned out to be a drift-and-bake    
fml    some more   
needs sleep
is ready for his internet to be working
is finally done with his case study     smile 
finally has internet at his apt!! yay!!  laugh 
is finally home after a very long night at work    and is not looking forward to 8am micro exam     sad 
is watching srubs  smile 
is ready to get these exams over   
is bored
is bored and thinks u should come <propfemale> out in my clean apartment  laugh 
has decided that since absolutely noone is willing entertain him he's just going to get piss drunk by himself   
was having an ok day until he locked his keys in his car    fml
someone pleae entertain me!! please!!
google chrome looks hilarious in linux bc it was designed for windows
is bored    please come <propfemale> out     
needs more friends  sad     fml   
has to be at work in less than 7 hours   fml
is home   
has come to realize that teeth are really important to him     annoyed  hmmm
needs something      annoyed 
is sooo bored!!!  sad  fml
is having a horrible day and needs someone to come over and make it better    please!  sad 
is looking forward to this weekend  smile 
's day just went down the drain 
's pipes are getting fixed now!! yay!  i'm talking about the ones under my apt btw lol
is going to sleep to get ready for another day at the grindstone tomorrow   
is bored out of his mind    again   
does not want to go to work today   
wishes cd were more durable   
a computer just told me it drank beer today      annoyed 
"today, my life is awesome!!  laugh "
want's to go sailing but it's ok be my life is awesome!!  laugh 
had a good sail today  smile 
just beautifully and mercilessly executed the 15 minute rule    this is gonna be a good day  laugh 
does not want to be in class this morning     ugh   
"it's doppelgänger week: change your profile picture to someone famous (actor,musician,athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your photo then cut paste this to your status "
was in the spot light!  smile 
meet me at elixer!
needs someone to go downtown with tonight!
just realized that most of my pics on fb are me with cute girls    life is better than i realized  laugh 
just finished his first shift at his new place of employment    and it was very satisfactory  smile 
does not wanna be at school right now but is looking forward to going out on the boat sunday and next thursday! who wants to go?
just got back from fuji san and it was awesome!  smile 
is going to di this weekend  laugh  yay!
is going to di this weekend  laugh  yay! who wants to come??
you are unique    just like everyone else     wink 
is bored and waiting on u to call and tell me what we're doing tonight!
happy easter everyone!
wants to have a stoplight party!
is not looking forward to this   
night world 
is tired 
"hates when people with two full buggies of shit get in the \speedy checkout\"" lame @ <propmale> world    fml   """
is forcing himself to be productive and clean house    ugh   
is eating crawfish off of plywood  i love pikefest!
had a great night day and still in bed @ a decent hour!
is about to lose his mind @ work bc its so slow!
is off work and heading home to get cleaned up for arts alive 
is enjoying himself @ arts alive!
is bored   call me!
wow! that was easy!
just got kicked outta pikefest  mission accomplished 
is wondering where his teammates are   
is tired of excuses 
needs ______!
is having a good weekend  smile 
life is pretty good today  smile 
being grown up is lame sometimes but i wouldn't trade my freedom for anything  smile 
is going to the beach!  laugh 
had a blast @ the beach today!  smile 
a an amazing blast of a time in p'cola beach today! too bad my car couldn't hold more of my peeps  annoyed  ill just have to take different ones next time  smile 
hates walmart with a passion!
loves his new surround sound system!!
is enjoying his clean apartment  smile 
is in p'cola beach yet again  life is good  wink 
is celebrating memorial day by washing clothes and cleaning house  smile 
can't wait to go to <propfemale> tomorrow!
just got checked into an awesome hotel for a great price and has a bottomless beer and daiquiri pass for the night  <propfemale> isn't ready for us!
is afraid he has already lived through the happiest times of his life 
is having s great time downtown with his girlfriend and his new friends <propfemale> and <propfemale> and couldn't imagine his life without them(well i could but it wouldn't be nearly as good)!
is awake on his day off  for some odd reason 
is excited about going sailing today
went on a shopping spree in his most hated store   
"needs a liquor cabinet bar  anyone have one(preferably antique, but any thing will do) i can steal have buy?"
"sadly, mobile is becoming almost as small as p-goula    i still need a liquor cabinet bar  anyone have one(preferably antique, but any thing will do) i can steal have buy?"
"sadly, mobile is becoming almost as small as p-goula    <propfemale> here i come!  i still need a liquor cabinet bar  anyone have one(preferably antique, but any thing will do) i can steal have buy"
thinks about the future and just gets scared he'll never make it to where he wants to be     sad 
"showed up for work @ 6:55 this morning, worked for 26 minutew only to find out i'm off work today    o well, i'm going home and back to bed  wish i had known sooner so we could have spent an extra night in p'cola  it happens   "
"is once again debating on continuing his education past a bachelors degree and staying to get a masters     oh decisions, decisions   "
is glad to be off work  smile 
is bored out of his mind right now      sad 
can't stop thinking about his dream house   
had fun last night hanging out on the other side of the bay with his wonderful gf and <propmale> and <propfemale>  smile 
is making bread from scratch  please pray for me  smile 
its done and delicious!
its too early   
this was not in the five year plan   
just woke up from a nightmare about being a bad server  wtf is going on?
my greatest fear is mediocrity!
went to mass for the first time in over a year this morning    and it felt good  smile 
loves his new haircut!!
i'm at <propmale> house
can't believe school is starting on monday!!
i'm at mcob
is not enthused about this rain today   sad 
is trashed
is having a hard time talking about himself   
does not understand why he's up this early on saturday morning   
had a good day attempting to sail   
got all the laundry put away today    now i feel i have really acomplished something!
thanks all of for the birthday wishes!! y'all really made it speacial for me!! thanks!! love y'all!
omfg!
is not having the best day of his life    work was a catastrophe    ready to go to bed and wait for tomorrow tp be here so i can go sailing!
is apparently the new roadside assistant   
can i become a hermit yet?
hates being lied to   
is lovin' this weather!
is up late studying for an exam  sad 
just woke from a horribly terrifying dream     sad 
's back really hurts!
fml!
how why am i awake this early?!
why can't life just be simple??
is having a very good day!  laugh 
for some reason my tex service is messed up and i'm not getting my messages  sad 
do anyone know where to find the video footage of jesus from friday at school?
rain! rain! the rain is here! lol
is now going to put all his energy into getting out of bed    ugh   
is nervously waiting to hear about the offer he put in on a house   
is buying a house!!!  laugh 
put a question in my inbox and i'll post the answer to it as my status  smile 
"it is quite fuzzy    next question please  smile  \send a question to my inbox and i'll post the answer in my status\"""""
a: yes i do and i think u will  smile     next!
a: yes u are and i'm pretty sure you already know the answer to the rest of that    next!
is tired 
is getting stuff done  smile 
tgif!!!
watch this    <propfemale> is gonna like this!
is hungry  sad 
happy thanksgiving!
ugh!
is enjoying his clean apartment!  laugh 
is not enjoying this weather right now  sad 
is ready for this semester to be over!
smacked the s*** out of his finger today @ work
"want's to have people over saturday night! who's coming?\ laugh "
"if today you found out you only had until monday to live, and there was nothing you could do about it, what would you do or who would you spend your time with?"
"can't sleep and prays it is not because there is something wrong with anyone i care about  so i wish all of you the best of luck and i pray, that everyone is ok!"
"what do u think about me getting a tattoo similar to my new album \tattoo ideas\""?"""
is exhausted  sad 
want's someone to come cuddle on the couch and watch a movie   
had an amazing time out on the town with <propmale>!! next week will be even better!!  smile 
"really enjoyed hanging with <propfemale> <propfirst> helton, <propfemale>, and everyone else last night at mikatos and hanging out at the apartment  smile "
i'll take my scotch and my women the same way    aged at least 18 years 
has fridayitis  sad 
"when seconds count between living or dying, the police are only minutes away \ - <propmale> <propfirst> cleave (october 30", 2007)\a8042e602453c790f72b37d0b8b49eeb,"\but if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you     it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun \""\",a8042e602453c790f72b37d0b8b49eeb,\a free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them," which would include their own government \"" \"a8042e602453c790f72b37d0b8b49eeb,"the 2nd amendment was never intended to allow private citizens to\'keep and bear arms ’ if it had, there would have been wording such as\'the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed ’ \<propmale> konecki, july 27, 1992 ) (note: this is meant to be sarcastic…)"
its just one of those nights
