eb3401f6a43af88b9f8bf8d7b06cd74f
"ok, ok, i'll give this decade a <propmale>     but it's the last time!"
my daughter is such an angel     smile 
i'm in _____!!!!
is college over yet??
can't wait till me birthday!!
oh my gosh! so much bday love! y'all are great you know that?
"it's tuesday and all i can think about is what i'm gonna do this weekend   ? but seriously, is college over yet???"
reconnecting with my biological family - love it!!
pastor said some quote from cs <propfirst> today - i don't remember it exactly but it said something like the only places where you can be spared from love's heartbreak are in heaven and in hell - i found it a very interesting matter to ponder further       smile 
"hey <propfemale>, what u up to these days??"
are you ready? cuz i'm ready - let's start a riot!!
i'm bored - where is the entertainment committee??
"48 degrees yesterday, 19 degrees today  almost all the snow was melted off the ground yesterday, & it started to snow again today  freaky"
"it's time to get back on top of the world again, or at least feel like i am"
aha! craps table was smokin hot last night! we're up 500 big ones baaabbyy
"awww! i love my daughter so freakin much! i always tell her \you're a good girl\"" and now she started saying to me \""you a good mom\"" so cute!"""
superbowl party!
listening to grandpa play dollhouse with gabby is really funny - but it makes me wonder about him sometimes    
"alright - me and <propfemale>'s wedding is to take place at a yet undecided location on october 14, 2022 - save the date folks!!"
"feliz cinco de mayo - ¡ <propfemale> méxico ! ¡ olé ! \¿ quién quiere <propfemale> mojito ?"
"ok - finals are over and now it's time for vacation, baby!!"
"omg - listen to this people, my daughter has been using the potty and wearing big girl underwear since saturday!!! yaaaayy, i am so freakin excited, no more diapers!"
home from vacation - had a blast rollin with my homies  smile 
tomorrow is bound to be the rockin-est night in all of rockin history - can't wait to have some fun!
i'm raising a toad farm!
"i hate money! but i need it     so, if you feel the same way that i do and want to get rid of all that evil green paper, i will take it     even though i don't really want it"
but     i don't want summer to be over     sniffle
guess what everybody??? i am officially starting the nursing program this january! woot!
"oh my word!! thanks for all the birthday love y'all!! got to go out to dinner (twice), have a nice little family get together and then go to a bunch of spook houses with my friends and matty - it was a good one!"
i am ready for spring! so why is it still      still snowing? and snowing     and snowing
over spring break i regained my sanity!
