73b8a1a7f2556d4d08bdbb8f6418087f
'success and rest don't sleep together'   - russian proverb
"'when your inner voice is greater than all external voices; success, happiness and peace of mind will follow'"
"fb: if anyone is looking for a hilarious book to read; please check out 'then we came to the end' by <propfirst> ferris  the character build is on point! can someone recommend a good book to read? the funnier the better  love, h"
"'who you are speaks so loudly, i can't hear what you're saying' (ethics) - <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"
"living abroad has really assisted in my personal development, open-mindedness and ability to embrace different cultures    but when did men start wearing ugg boots?! are women co-signing this now? well, guess i still have some growing to do    smh"
"please pray for me! alright, recently i was accepted to pursue my postgrad studies at the university of cambridge; the goal is to create groundbreaking research in the area of social psychology (phd)! right now, i am researching funding opportunities to cover the next 3 years (or link to a funding site  lol)  so all i ask is for your prayers  thanks fb family  alright, back to this grind  much love & best wishes, moh"
"i remember when my mom would send me to pick up an item around the house: if i took too long she would yell; and if came back with the wrong thing she would 'dish out some licks' guyanese style  lol  ahhh, the memories  happy mother's day to minez and yourz! gotta <propfemale> 'em  love, moh"
\vision without action is merely a dream  action without vision just \,73b8a1a7f2556d4d08bdbb8f6418087f,"women are crazy: i gotta have a good job and education, great credit score, low debt, be handsome and sexy enough to warrant attention, but spiritual enough not to yield to it; hood enough to keep the males in your family off my a$$, but classy and intelligent enough to keep your co-workers on it; immature enough to play fight like we're kids, but mature enough to take care of kids that ain't mine   "
"thanks for all the bbms, texts, calls, fb love, tweets etc  i tried my best to hit everyone back, if i missed you    just blame it on the alcohol  love you guys, and enjoy a blessed week ahead!"
"'poison deadly moving it slow, looking for a \mellow fellow like devoe getting paid laid, so ya betta lay low schemin\ on house, money, and the whole show the low pro hoe she'll be cut \like an aaa-fro    '   was that really 20yrs ago!!!?    song still \bump though  lmfao"
i never thought pursuing my passion would be this rewarding  i'm smiling without having to look forward to the weekend   smile 
"people always tell me, 'i like my job, but don't see myself doing it in the next 5yrs'  didn't you tell me that 5yrs ago? hmmmm    follow your heart friends "
been watching and playin hoops for 2 decades    and im gettin chills watchin this  epic
it's 4:40am over here    i promise ya'll i'm drinking to a lakers win  lol  i promise ya'll!!!!! let's goooooo!!!!
"10 hours and i'm in nueva york! jerk chicken, roti, chicks w  swag n moxy, bk pizza, bbq'z, money-makers, my west indian folk, cuzo's wedding, salt-fish n bake, cook-up rice, henny in da park after dark, my nieces, my fam, summa ya'll    o-kkkkay!!!! (ummm, where do people party now? lol)"
"last few hours in new york     shout outs to sobriety, catch up with you tomorrow in <propfirst>  lol "
"breakfast in ny, lunch in <propfirst>, and dinner in london    and i'm still hungry as ever! thanks for treating me well in bk folks  love, moh"
"they say 'fake it, till you make it'  i say, 'think it, till you be it'   "
"men look at women, the same way they look at new shoes  we just tryna put 'a foot' in them  so y get mad when we stare a lil (appreciate)? isnt it all the same? women are confusing  smh"
i'm finally getting comfortable on twitter    catch me at @asunspromise    o k k <propfemale>!!!
"pray all is well w  my fellow beautiful fb'ers  if anyone knows of a book editor consultant, please inbox me details info! much appreciated in advance  love, moh"
what's up beautiful people!!!? i pray all is well in your lives!!! *shrugs* just felt like showing some love   smile 
"ladies: if you smile too much, have a positive attitude and optimistic outlook on life and yourself (important)    you will have any man you want  i promise!!"
"to my philippa schuyler heads: will not be able to make today's reunion (in london)    but have too much fun and be safe  love, moh"
using my self-esteem to power these dreams    
quickie question    do you know what your passion(s) is(are)?
raining outside    listening to some blues (herbie hancock) and writing inside  #mypassion
thinking about 'a suns promise' n getting goose bumps  our pursuit of passion(s) is moooooving!  i promise ya'll  #aspromise
"no, no! i simply refuse 2 believe women r more attracted 2 power, presitge n money vs  honesty n compassion   "
thank the lord for another beautiful day! #godizgood
i ask what's your passion  people always respond: 'you mean career-wise or things i enjoy?    why isn't it the same?
"jazz music (<propfirst> byrd), kenyan black tea (calming), and writing (passion)    beautiful way to open up a saturday morning  #godizgood"
"thoughtful & thankful for everything you did, are doing, and plan to do in my life     jesus  #godizgood"
"yes, another day to invest in #passionsandpurpose!!  - @asunspromise"
"great convo w  my shorty re: 'what's not wifee material?' personally, if i smash in less than 3wks, or my (close) boy's been all up under that, or i 'speculate' > 6 guys smashed    i can't wifee! i mean, is this wrong? lol"
"thx all for getting me across the finish line 2day  deadline met!! toast w  me   luv, h http annoyed  yfrog com ep1qwvj"
book recommendation: 'a moveable feast' by <propmale> hemingway (autobio); just finished reading and it's truly amazing for aspiring writers!
question: should the 'middle-class mentality' be praised or feared?
being mindful can turn the simplest event into a <propmale> learning e playful erience #becognizant #mindfulness
early morning research writing session went well  time to hit the next phase     another day to succeed! #godizgood
"remember when ur  mom dad would say , 'i can't wait til u get older, and  realize what i'm saying is    '  lol #irealizenowmommy"
"she said 'sleeping only 5hrs a nite is not good for u in the long-run moh'  i replied, 'so is not pursuing ur passion' #thinkgreatness"
"4am wake up call! good morning(night) folks, pray all is well on your side   another blessed day to pursue these passions! #godizgood"
would people take better care of their mind if it were 'tangible'?  #aspromise
morning prayers have me energized! #godizgood
"shorty @ mcdonald's didnt get her whole order, so she eatin her big <propmale> at the counter    going all out too  lol  smh"
"last nite , drafted  top 10 goals to drive my next 12 months  completing it now! #prayugoturs"
i see ppl doing just about anything to make it seem like they're really doing something  pursue ur #passionnotperception
"is it me, or do the elderly take this getting onto the bus process  a bit too seriously? they get all types of strong for that advantageous positioning    lol"
my mentor just said: 'remember that the things which make you successful will also make you lonely  don't forget eagles fly alone!'
good morning folks  i'm excited about today!! #puttinggod1st
spending 80% of our minds worrying about the past problems negativity; leaves only 20% for attaining goals passions joy  #urchoice
"my mentor said earlier: 'moh, do what you need to do now, in order to do what you want to do later'    @asunspromise"
"after everything i've been through the last 11 months, i can't seem to thank 'him' in enough    #godizgood"
are u the best at what u do for a living? do u even want to be the best at 'that'? if not    #passionandpurpose
"request: who wants to co-author a book with me called, 'why men don't date or marry grumpy women'?     any takers?"
"father god!    why did you give them 'women's intuition'?    why!????!    what did we do to deserve this?! love, son"
"leaving london for good right now; en route to permanent stay in cambridge   a new chapter  i'm going to need all my fb fam's support  that means you reading this!  smile  love, moh"
for those asking me what is the focus of my research    'qualitative aspects of the modern 'hater': correlation of low self-esteem and propensity to hate'  sound interesting?    lmao!!!
success looks real good on you!
"the lord did 'his' part, and now i have to do mine    11 smile 0pm and in the library working on this craft (psychology)    let's get it folks!!!"
"hey! am i the only one thinking, 'damn, imma be 30 next year'?!    smh"
my lecturer asked: 'what's the happiest continent in the world?'    <propmale> in the back screamed out: costa rica!' #extremefail    not a continent pal  smfh
"they say only god can judge    true, but we're a shade off 2011 and you're still styling with 'the conk' bro?    smh    somebody please e playful lain?"
my lecturer for 'philosophy of qualitative psychological methods' quoted flavor flav today    #lordhelpus
the novelty of actually pursuing my passion has passed  now it's time to 'architect' the broader vision  #moreworktobedone
imagine a life where you look forward to 5 days instead of just 2 (the weekend)    #youhaveachoice
"it's amazing how being down on your mind, can bring you up on your knees    honest prayer is so beautiful    #godizgood"
"i stood silently and watched the other team laugh at us before the game started    my teammates didn't see it, but i did  so, we won by 30pts  don't think this school is full of nerds    it takes heart to get and survive here! at least they know now   "
"are you living your passion(s)??    no, seriously     #wakeuptweet"
"i remember when parents, uncles, aunts and everyone else use to encourage us to try new things    when did it get so serious (i e  restrictive)!?! high school or college graduation? first day at 'real' job? rent? marriage? first kid?    lol  keep dreamin fb fam    "
follow me on twitter @asunspromise    let's take over 2011 together!
"ladies! why when you voluntarily walk into that 'grey area' with a guy, do you get mad when he voluntarily chooses to leave you there? *kanye shrug*"
every  single  thought  counts   #createurfuture #aspromise
"should i criticize the 30pct of my life that has just passed, or passionately look forward to the next 70pct? #putlifeinperspective"
"for 21yrs, momz woke up at 5am, seasoned food (for dinner) at 5 smile 0a, hit the gym at 6 smile 0a, got to her 1st job at 8a, then her 2nd job at 4pm, then her 3rd job at 7pm, and finally home at 9 smile 0pm    in time to deal wit us (kids & husband)    so please understand why i <propmale> greatness    #blackwomenarehustlers"
"to that 3rd grade substitute teacher who lept out his seat because of the firecrackers i threw on his desk    would you accept my apology after 20yrs?   well, i'm truly    nah, i'd probably do it again! lol"
if i closed my eyes tmrw knowing that one person pursued their passion as a career bcuz of my research    then it was a life worth living 
"i know 2day is a day of rest, but what r u doing to take 1 small step closer to accomplishing your primary goal? #aspromise"
really wish i could read women's minds    #timesaver
"i look 4ward to the day when ppl choose 'jobs' bcuz it's their passion n not bcuz, 'it'll look good on my resume cv\   #aspromise"""
"at 11, my neighborhood og told me, 'women love going to the circus, but they won't pay to keep seeing the same routine '  #keepherhappy"
"from the towers falling to obama's rising, this decade has been historic  let's shape history in the next    #aspromise"
"a thought can take you somewhere you've never been, and where you've always wanted to be  - @asunspromise"
struggling with the realization that some people you have to love from a distance    (am i wrong?)
can't go for it (success) alone    need inspiring and aspiring people around you  #circleoftrust
for nothing is impossible with god   - <propmale> 1 smile 7  #happyeaster
"momz always said, 'i know they came outside looking good, but make sure you check the trail (dirty room) they left behind '  (lol)"
    that moment you look into your lover's eyes and look away (slightly) bcuz the intensity makes you feel vulnerable  #ubeenthere (?)
