034da0efdf19355964d1b65413b10424
getting ready to head to st louis-chase's world series-it's aayab baseball for those who follow along with the brackets-ar skeeters 12 under   it's also all <propfemale> week then a cards game fri against the rockies-the team gets to go out on field before the ga
welcome back to the n l   <propfirst> smoltz--st <propfirst> cards!!!
<propfemale> has her 1st golf game of the season tomorrow! can't believe i forgot tees!
time to go check the game cam's
ready to watch some mudball----i mean football- didn't think i'd ever get last weeks uniform clean--
"rejoice in hope, be patient in suffering, persevere in prayer  (romans 12:12)  just thinking about some of fb friends and some not on here, going thru some really tough times right now   some with losses of loved ones and many fighting battles for health "
"going to canton this weekend---hope the rain will clear out! not looking forward to sittin in the rain at j'ville tonight but just 2 more football games, then basketball smile "
"must remember     wear goggles, mask and gloves when preparing jalapenos to stuff! oh the burn!!!!"
psalm 109:8----my new prayer for current leadership in this great country!
"let us remember that, as much has been given us, much will be e playful ected from us, and that true homage comes from the heart as well as from the lips, and shows itself in deeds  (<propmale> <propmale>)  happy thanksgiving to all!"
ready for jambalaya!!!!!
"hope everyone takes some time, somewhere this week, to do something for the less fortunate ones   one small thing can lead to a smile for someone   pick some one at work, at your favorite store, or someone you don't even know and do something nice that will show the christmas spirit!  i like a no signature gift card to grocery store or wal mart , just god to thank!!!!"
actually was awake to see the new year in! i did say i would be more active and get more excercise this year so i'm counting the connectivity dance since it was after midnight!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!! really gives a warm feeling inside!!!! may you all be blessed in 2011 and ---\its not the years in your life; its the life you live in your years\"" <propmale> <propmale>"""
giving up on hogs roundball---bring on the <propfemale> hogs! that's our next shot at division title!
so thankful to get home before all hail broke loose! not ready to see the damage!
"ar diamonds baseball fundraiser, thur april 1st   $10 donation for 1 4 smoked chicken baked beans, coleslaw, roll  orders can be called in to 501-622-8661 or posted here  pick up at lakeside hs baseball field between 4-5 pm, or we will deliver to st  <propfirst> or we will even deliver along hwy 70 west to glenwood! help support our team and enjoy some great food!"
"happy easter to everyone! please cont  to remember <propmale>, his family, friends and staff @ cp school in prayer "
"it takes a strong fish to swim upstream  flex your fins today, and go against the flow!"
"we had june bugs last nite, lighting bugs tonite, what is up with this yr  and the wind--- i'm blown away!"
"off work early, ready to watch some knights play ball! gonna be a great weekend for baseball tourn  maumelle! go diamonds!"
"great job diamonds! 3 games in a row , kept getting better, now keep it up tommorrow !"
mickelson and <propfemale> hogs! good enough wknd!
way to go knights baseball and softball teams !
<propfirst> j fox on <propfirst> <propfemale>--- he is an awesome guy and sooo much talent and witt  just luv to hear what he comes up with!
deer meat wrapped in bacon on the grill! this might just be my fav  food!
"ok, 19 innings is enough!!! who else can pitch? this is crazy, come on cards!!!!"
"16 years ago today, <propfirst> and i received one of the most wonderful blessings in our life! baby girl <propfemale> <propfirst>! she has became an amazing young lady and continues to be a blessing! happy birthday baby girl!"
"god opposes the proud, but gives grace to the humble    humble yourselves before the lord, and he will exalt you    <propfirst> 4:6, 10"
really hoping it won't rain the baseball tourn  out in conway  flash flood warnings sad 
"switching to direct tv today, dish has run its limit and poor service last few weeks  we've been without espn  i can do without a lot, gotta think about the family!!!"
riding the storms out!
lake hamilton tourn  still on! ready for some diamonds baseball!
way to go diamonds! 1st  place !!! it was a great weekend!
<propmale> man turns 14 today! growing up too fast! happy birthday <propmale>!
"national day of prayer! let's all pray for our country, leaders, and neighbors!"
"hope all my nurse friends had a great nurses week! my was great, its great to luv a job and work with some of the best people in the world!"
way to go lady knights!!!! 1st round win!!!
happy mothers day to all of you moms and to my many friends that fill the mom roll in the lives of nieces nephews and other children you are moms too!   i'm so blessed to have 3 wonderful children!
graduation day his here! congrats to our centerpoint high school sr  class  special congrats to shelbi (<propfirst> ) tiffany(sal)
not looking good for baseball tour this weekend! needed rain but would really like to watch some ball
baseball @ burns park! go diamonds!
"rained baseball tourn  out sad  i think we were in for a great day on the field, the boys looked good  time to switch it up,diamonds to tri county chaos 1 st game @ amity tomorrow night! wish <propmale> and <propfirst> could b there but hopefully they will b winning @ state tourn !"
"love sit outside, hear ihe frogs and watch the lighting bugs, but time to finish the 2 supper of the night for the after ball practice meal!"
"nice breeze, i'm ready for a mule ride, just gotta b outside!"
"nice sports banquet at centerpoint tonight! gonna miss our graduating sr s but know they have inspired many others! congrats to all those winning awards tonight, especially my girl! proud of you <propfemale>! hope every remembers mr  <propmale>'s family in prayer with the loss of his father "
"luv some baseball! chaos win, now on to ar diamonds heading to southaven ms, 1 of our fav   places to play! just gotta luv it!!!"
"great day of baseball in southaven! 2-1 pool play, beat #30 <propmale> team in the nation today to give diamonds #1 seed from pool play and get to sleep later!!! dinner @ swanky's taco shop in germantown!"
"great weekend, diamonds finished 3 rd @ southaven, memorial day was great, some family time @ river and then some great ribs with all extras with friends and some serious games of washers!!! gotta luv some summer fu!"
"calarraga got robbed but what a classy guy! and the ump admitted his wrong  now can we move on---- no one is perfect, but he did pitch a perfect game, just didn't get to put it in the book!"
great job chaos! most of all no errors on defense!!!
think there should b an extra <propfirst> for motorized wheelchairs and  they really should have turn signals  the little man and his dog riding in his lap almost got rear ended
"great day of golf, oh how i have missed playing! and <propfirst> buffet opening his hotel in pensacola- oil spill or not, it will open!"
<propfemale> and <propfirst> had a great shower! so many wonderful friends and family! chaos won 21-2 a lot of hitting! <propfemale> hogs win!!! zac cox 1 st round draft to the cards! what a day!
"lunch @ purple cow with <propfemale>, order messed up, forgot to bring appetizer, but a least i didn't have dried food on my plate like last time  i want a steak and shake!"
"luv this kinda rain, sitting outside, sooo relaxing! think i could sleep outside tonite---thinking campng soon!"
"praying for the families at <propfirst> pike camp  many have lost loved ones, many have lost all personal belongings  just checked on needs- towels, blankets, clothes, flip flops, personal products  thankful shanes cousin <propfemale> is ok!"
"many thanks to you all helping with clean up efforts with my parents cabin! wow, we could have never got it done without you guys!!!! soooo blessed with great friends!"
go diamonds! baseball tourn  lake hamilton! praying for families and the search and rescue teams today!
"runner up in tourn  it was a hot one! great job diamonds, ready for state next wknd! knights basketball team camp tomorrow! good luck guys! now want these hogs to pull it off!!! still praying for all the families involved in the flood! god bless all!"
"time for road trip, state baseball tourn  west memphis! go diamonds!!!"
"have friend with 2 tickets college world series for sale $70 ea  for the week, ant takers ill pass on"
ready to get this state tourny underway! rain last night but us behind but got some rendezvous bbq and a little beale street blues!
"july 1 <propfirst> buffett, free concert gulf shores <propmale> !!! zac brown band, <propmale> chestney-- free! gotta luv that, now tourism in that area will not suffer that weekend!"
"back from tourn  not a great weekend for the diamonds!! sad to hear mrs  <propfemale> baker has past! one amazing woman!  toughts and prayers are with the baker family,  love you all!!!"
happy monday! wknds r 2 short 
heard <propfirst> bear on the radio--- who's goin to majic springs to see <propmale> nugent?
"congrats s  <propfemale>, cws champs--- make that sec proud!"
mom's surgery went fine but the recovery is slower than e playful ected  looks like she'll be in the hospital a day or 2 more  keep her in prayer!
"as servants of god, live as free people, yet do not use your freedom as a pretext for evil  honor everyone  love the family of believers  fear god  1 <propfirst> 2:16-17    watched black hawk down tonight, to much thinking about it! happy independence day!"
"had a few blonde moments this evening, hopefully a little sleep and a day off will help"
happy birthday!!!
friday smile  smile  time for a relaxing mule ride and try to catch some pictures of the baby deer! luv the simple life!
glad the lawn mower ran outta gas! lemon lime gatorade is the best! was ready for a break!
baby girl syndey is on her way!
"time to saddle up, pretty <propfemale> for a ride!"
epic is really messing my schedule up!
had to break down and see a dr  today! this poison <propfemale> rash is outta control! thanks e playful ress care and dr  simpson com aveeno here i come!
<propmale> will be hearding to a rangers game this wknd! should b hot enough for them!
"wow, a week can be sooo short, vacation comes to an end, glad i got to spend time with my 2  fav girls!!!"
"the evening news always starts with \good evening\"" then tells us all the reasons its not!"""
"wow, what a great cool breeze and pretty night, get us ready for the triple digit temps to come"
"happy fri  and happy birthday to my 1st born, <propmale>!!!"
"looking forward to a reunion weekend!!!! safe travels to all, see ya class '85 fri !"
it has to be a better day!
gotta luv molina!
meteor shower was pretty awesome! the simple things n life i luv!
"back to school days, football season ahead!"
"swamp people on history channel, thinking about gator hunting!"
bow season is getting closer!
"i can't believe i was a bit chilly, temp was 54 and could have used a jacket at the park  this morning! hope this is not just a tease!"
well <propfirst>'s 10 surprise 0 appt @ childrens turned into 12 surprise 0 that took untill almost 3 surprise 0 and really know nothing-could have stiffness syndrome but will get mri in a month to r o anything <propmale> 
"whoooohoooo, knights football in the rain!"
"getting the sub  serviced! not how i like to spend such a beautiful sat  morn  but it must b done, ready for some volleyball later!"
luvin my weekend with great friends and thinking how hard they all work and never get enough credit for it! happy labor day all!!!
watchin some dirty <propmale>! the enforcer---why do i have to stay up and watch this again???
"way to go jr knights!!! 30- 6 over rattlers! great improvement from last week, keep it up !"
"finally fri  is here! what a busy week and the bikes are headin in to town! please b safe all of you riding, wear helmets!!!! for all of us working in the hospital know, a helmet can save a life!!!!"
"9 11 01, prayers to all!!!!"
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you"
"so cool that bon jovi will be doing a  free concert oct 15 in gulf shores, not so cool that we leave the 13th!"
"way to go knights!!! think <propmale> l  may have a school record, interception, 103 yrd  run back for a td! <propmale> b , on a qb keeper! all these boys did great!"
ready for some jr knights football tonight at ftn  lake!!!! its also my dad's birthday!
"better luck next wk knights! still, lots of good things and growth as a team! looking forward to next week!!!"
don't panic!! the new madrid fault is not splitting! that will just be some whooooopigsooooooie shaking the state today! go hogs!!!! beat bama!
it'nice to have a fg kicker! wps!
still love those hogs!!!! season has just begun and the big win comes @ the end of season!
still love those hogs! season has just begun and the big win comes @ the end of season!
gonna spend another day with my mercy family! it will be an epic day as we bring in another exciting advance in our health care service @ st  <propfirst>!
ready for some more knights football! playing cutter tomorrow night! go knights!
"proud of those jr  knights tonight, good luck to the sr  knights!!!!!"
"support breast cancer awareness! were pink!!!! race for the cure coming oct  16, get your mammograms! if you have any questions about how to schedule a mammo, call mercy women's center!"
"i think i got a little sunburn, but had a great time with the girls! sooo ready for vacation next week!"
way to go cp jr knights!!!! 16-12 over prescott! wanting to know how j'ville did tonight if anyone knows!
"last night @ the beach sad   half left today and missing our girls sad  but, it has been a great vacation--can't wait 'till next year!!!!"
proud of our jr  knights!!! another win! lots of excitement! 2 more games and with wins----could be conf  champs!!! come out and support these boys!
happy birthday <propfemale>! hope it is a wonderful day!!!!!
"earthquake! reports it was felt in l r to conway to mtn view area! texas had 1 oct  9th, ok on the 13th and now ar "
"tough to decide---the 2nd half of ar game or get in deer stand- well, i'll post pic of the deer later, 'cause i know if it stays close ref's will give it auburn!!!"
"jr  knights have a big game this week, playing <propmale> <propfemale> thurs  planning pizza party wed  after practice  let's show the boys we are behind them!!!!! if you would like to donate to feed our boys, contact <propfemale> pennington or drop donation off at ar  <propfemale> bank to her attention! go knights!!!!"
"thunder!!!! i know there is rain somewhere, but i don't see it yet!"
"big night for the jr  knights football!!!!  playing @ <propmale> <propfemale>! good luck boys!!!! come out and cheer them on, a win tonight will put us tie1st place in conf !!!!!"
little worried about hunting tomorrow! i saw a bear while on my stand today! my heart raced a little--- well a lot!
"well, #1 o u  goes down! what a great year of football!"
<propfirst>
"oops, was sendy message and wrote on wrong space!"
never thought the 1 st game would have soooo many runs given up! <propmale> <propfirst> still is tops in my book!!! makes ar  proud! i could b a rangers fan! look out giants --
"so proud of the jr  knights!!! great game, great season and a great group of young men!"
vote!
"deer camp with the youth this weekend! fish fry over, now its \sport\"" talk  hopefully tomorrow night will be some good deer tails for these guys! happy hunting!"""
"great youth hunt weekend! every kid in the group got a deer! 1 got his 1 st <propmale>, 1 shot @ his 1st deer ever then killed his 1st deer, then killed his 1st <propmale>! lots of excitement and memories!"
"great start jr  knights, keep it rolling! i luv a fast pace transition game! looking forward to watching these guys and girls play this year!"
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!
jr knights played very hard but came up short in both games  i luv the work ethic of those boys! fun games!!!!
veterans day! to all my fb military friends-- thank you for your service!
hunt is on! hoping it is a grand one!
"i can stand the cold but not liking this wind! the 8 does i've been watching luv it! they look like they are traing for olympics, sprints, jumping, sprints! gotta be a <propmale> for one of these girls!"
thoughts are the main ingredient in the recipe for behavior 
the bucket list!
get to spend the weekend hunting with hubby! i am thankful he is not a duck <propmale>!
wps! bring on lsu!!!!
"thankful for all the many blessing in my life, wonderful family and friends  i thankful too for my mercy family working the holidays to care for the many in the hospital! happy thanksgiving to all!"
happy birthday <propfemale>!!! i know all u want is a win for  ar today!!!!!! go hogs! have a great day smile 
thinking sugar bowl would be sweet!!!!! go hogs!!!!! wps!!!!!!
"my friends @ war memorial need to get louder, i cant hear u in hot springs!!! go hogs!!!"
that was awesome!!!!!!
now what will th bcs think?!?! i'd put the sec up against any top ranked team!!!! that is exciting football! way to play hogs!!!!!
"i just happened to look at what i was wearing to work thinking wherewas this made-- vietnam, malaysia, <propfemale>! and i've heard many times, buy american! my ? is where?????"
great job tonight jr  boys!!! luv to see a team work as hard as these boys do!  tourn  runner- up is not bad against a very talented arkadelphia team! great job guys and also jr  girls tourn champs--
"baseball shopping online! looking for reviews on the high school legal bats--bbcor standard--for 2011, any suggestions??????"
"well, off for a couple days---chili on!!! don't know why i love to cook when i really should just go to sleep after feeling the way i have the last 2 days! nothing brings a cure like a little time off and some chili powder!!!!!"
"well, finally got  a <propmale> but don't know how many points! he had already shed!"
heading to la for christmas!!!!
"wow, another christmas here and almost gone! hate that <propfirst> had to work today sad  but all else was great! hope everyone had a wonderful christmas day!"
wps !!! razorbacks!!! ready to get the game on!!!!!
how bout that 1 hand cartwheel!!! cheerleaders got nothin on dj!
"bring on the 2nd half! need the \d\"" to step up and a few offensive players to just make a play! keepin the faith!"""
mallott can go pro now! we got back up! way to step it up defense!
"the time of year i start to count days till time changes, its like 65 if anyone is wondering!"
"be careful on the roads tonight, saw 12 deer in 15 <propfemale>, just on my road!"
"so proud of my <propfemale> girl, starting college- freshman orientation today! <propfirst> and i may make it to the peewee games today!"
"snow play day!!!! i may not make it to the 4 th quarter! love how snow brings the kid out in you, and ibuprofen can take the aches away!"
going to head out to work-what does hwy 70 look like from glenwood to hot springs????
will be soooo glad when the ice is totally off the roads! the tension if have driving is really knotting my neck up!
"ahhhh, no oaklawn tomorrow! i really wanted a <propmale>!"
i really hate to pay for air! but thr racehorse in glenwood is the cheapest  only  25 cents! thats a bargain compared to $1 @ quickway and  75 @ ez mart 
not happy at all with the ref's @ s  <propfemale>!!!!! really????
just don't get the hogs gone wild show! can't they just shoot them?!?!
great job tonight jr  knights and jr  lady knights! both won in tourn  @ bismarck  hard work shows and it did tonight!!!! keep it up for the dist  tourn !!!!!!
25th wedding anniversary today-----to the same man!!!! i still love him and blessed to have him as my best friend smile 
"\the field cannot be well seen from within the field  \"" <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"""
"praying for <propfemale> evans family! such a wonderful person has been taken home! she will be missed but has touched so many lives, her memory will continue on!"
"way to go jr knights!!!! conf  champs 5-0, now time to get that dist  tourn  game on next week!!!! thanks coachl , may have got t'd up, but u gotta luv a coach that stands up for his team! statement well made!!!!!"
"i learned some nfl trivia today, wonder how many people know what the g  on green bays helmet stands 4"
"no school today for centerpoint   had no idea it was that bad out! june maybe a long month if  they don't make the days up somewhere  i remember one yr  @ glenwood, we went on sat  anyone know what the plan is for makeup days?"
so thankful for the sunshine and heatwave! couldnt get out this morning then had to leave the car @ the bottom of the hill and walk! well guess i bot some cardio in
enjoyed having sweet baby <propfirst> over for the night! she is such a happy girl smile  now time to make some venison steak quesadilla's for super bowl party! go steelers! saints aren't there so i'm reverting back to my fav  70's team!
"either the farmers almanac is a little off or ar has changed zones! will the forecast be right???? almanac says below norm  percipitation, 5-6 inches for feb !"
quick trip to store for the one item i didnt have make potato soup (thank you <propfemale> for that great recipe) and already had to put it in 4x4 to get up my driveway! thank you <propfemale> for working for me!!!!
"great job knights!!!!! girls champs, boys runner-up! so proud of a great year watching some  young men grow and develop into a powerful team! now time for some <propfemale> ball!!!!"
"recognizing the matching essence in each other, like a single breath- separate, distinctive, and yet of the same essence, is what unites our hearts into a bond   happy valentines day!"
nice to be outside and hear the frogs! hope this last!!!!
yes  it is feeling a lot like baseball season!!!!!!
a true friend loves you enough to support you and confront you 
on the road again- lafayette co  bound! go knights!
great effort by our knights but fell short 
does anyone know the latest on i 30 between malvern  little rock?
"now finally i can go to sleep, but <propfirst>'s boys may not for awhile! congrats on a great double ot victory!"
"love my new schedule and having days off! great workout with friends, time with <propfirst> girl and <propfemale> too!!!! now time to hit the road for some knight baseball!"
"ahhhh, the warmth of the sun! ready to soak up some vit  d!"
"ahhhh, the warmth of the sun! ready to soak up some vit  d!"
spring forward!!!!!
its almost spring break! gonna miss camping @ greeson sad  but looking forward to some <propfemale> ball smile 
headed to watch razorbacks! go hogs!!!!
finally warming up smile  hope the fish will bite!
"way to go knights, and lady knights!!!!"
knights can take care of some dragons!!!! way to go knights and lady knights! keep it going!
