aeb1cba72e20b127abef420f5f178f3c
"*starts to change clothes, and looks in the mirror* \i just took advantage of myself!\"" *slaps myself* \""who do i think i am?!\"""""
"having a stage name is like having a split personality     i wonder   if i married me, would i live happily ever after?  playful "
nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes  there's too much fraternizing with the enemy 
i dropped a tear in the ocean   the day you find it is the day i will stop missing you 
"haha, you know you are in love when his cheesy comments like \i would fight <propmale> <propmale> for you!\"" still makes you go \""awww!\""  playful """
i just gave a soda to a homeless vetran  wish i coulda done more  annoyed 
"when you feel alone, just look at the spaces between your fingers, remember that in those spaces you can see my fingers locked with yours forever  (you know that warm breeze you just felt? its the kiss i blew to you     ) but if you think missing me is hard, you should try missing you "
i wish you were here but you're there   and there doesn't know how lucky it is   
"the sky has lost it's color, the sun has turned to grey, at least that's how it feels to me, whenever you're away  if a tear fell each time i thought of you, i would have a puddle of fallen wishes  wishes that will one day be fact, consumed by hugs and kisses   "
"i don't want diamonds or the world    all i want is for you to hold me and call me your girl! just when i think that it is impossible to love you any more, you prove me wrong and shake me to the core  if i had to choose between breathing and loving you i would use my last breath to tell you i love you    "
if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy & paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say   
"is so sick of the drama  she wishes that people would just grow up and quit being so dramatic, maybe then they could see the sky is not falling! sometimes i wish i could make the sky fall so that they would see how good they have it "
"now my sky is falling, i dont know what to do  my world revolved around you, and now its split in two   sad "
"she's in the top 12% of her state, and the top 20% of the nation     guess who just got a 25 on the act?!?! (still gonna retake it    )"
"why do guys find pleasure in playing with our hearts? then once we are addicted, they tear us apart  if only i could put him through what he did to you, he'd never have children, but i'd have done them a favor too!"
"father time needs to hurry up, this is ridiculous    move over gramps! *pushes him of his tredmill of time, and runs like crazy!*"
"i love it when you call me your girl    and not in the loser possesive way, but in the proud, tender whispers that send chills down my spine   smile  love you trev  love "
i love you  i love you  i love you  any questions?
"nobody messes with my best friend  if you do, you better live near a hospital and have great medical insurance "
"lightning struck last night, about 100 ft up the hill from my house  it hit a salon and a friends apartment  it is all gone  all that remains are the charred bricks  pray for <propfirst>, whose apartment was above it "
when it rains it pours     boy does it pour     sad 
"there are 3 facts that argue jesus was a woman  1- he fed a crowd of hungry people when there was no food  2 - he was trying to get a message across to a bunch of men that just didn't get it  3 -even after he died, he had to get back up cause there was more work to be done! amen!"
"if anybody needs me, send me a post card: \<propfemale> peterson \inhisarms paradise lane\cantgetenny, betadendis \zip code: l0vn h1m!\(hint: sound the words out   smile  )"
"i am back home from seeing him     its official, we're engaged  i have my ring, and we are planning the wedding for the end of this year      so excited!!!"
"people make mistakes; if we threw away every <propfemale> that had a thorn, our garden's would be pretty bare    "
<propfemale> slept in my closet last night     with the door closed  now i believe in monsters      playful 
"life may not be the party you were looking for, but while we're here, why not dance?"
"you will never know how much i love you, simply because nobody has invented the words to describe it yet  lets invent one     i know! i choco-love you! chocolate goes deeper than love    lol!"
"just wants to close her eyes until this all \blows over    gone are the good ol' days when all we had to worry about \was which color of chalk to use on our driveway   "
"if you would not have adversity visit you twice, listen at once to what it is teaching  remember, tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven "
"those tears you cry when you think no one can hear? i hear them  they may as well be broken glass, the way they tear me up inside "
time passes so fast when your not the one living it  happy birthday <propfemale>! i love you 
its always darkest just before the <propfemale>     moral of the story? don't be nocturnal     playful 
"never thought i would say this, but i can't wait until school starts  i just want to get the high school chapter of my life over with  october, please come soon!"
"wow, its getting close to our anniversary  has it really been that long? its so cliche, but it feels like just yesterday when i was just beginning to believe you weren't a dream  i love you trev  love "
"\hey that guy is getting pulled over! its an old man with a beard \"" little sis: \""what did <propfemale> clause do?\"" other little sis: he is always stalking people and breaking into their houses    \""  playful """
girl: \mom," why is the bride dressed in white?\"" \"aeb1cba72e20b127abef420f5f178f3c,"genie kiss poof* i shall <propmale> your hearts desire!\man: i want a spectacular job-- a job that no man has ever succeeded at or attempted!\genie: *poof*     your a housewife "
"attention citizens! note: energizer <propfemale> arrested, monday evening  he was charged with battery "
the greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do 
the only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory 
i am not a vegetarian because i love animals; i am a vegetarian because i hate plants 
man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain 
"\marriage is give and take  you'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway \"""""
i have opinions of my own -- strong opinions -- but i don't always agree with them   - <propfirst> bush
ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement 
"\flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss \""\",aeb1cba72e20b127abef420f5f178f3c,"can't wait to get my last term of high school done! my e playful ected graduation date is oct  15th, 2010  hello, next chapter of my life!"
today was a big stepping stone for me  it brought closure and peace to a matter that has troubled me for years  my debt is paid  my heart is whole again  i can forget the past and look forward to my dawning future  what a beautiful horizon    
"finished almost an entire course online today    by the time i graduate, i will have lightning fingers  i'm already typing 56 words a <propfemale>    "
i got hired  woot!!!
s(he) be(lie)ve(d)  heart-broken 
"you know, when your heart falls at a million <propmale> an hour, and your just wanting it to hit the ground all ready and make it stop? yeah, thanks to you   "
"omg, i love the residents where i work     never mind that one of the 82 year olds thinks she is a 23 year old cheerleader who cant find her uniform    lol"
so tired    just think of that first pay check <propfemale>    lol
"hi ho, hi ho, its off to work i go      playful "
"omg, so i took my sisters to work today    they entertained the residents for me and cleaned   hallelujah"
"its my day off    what to do, what to do     laundry, clean my room, and homework all need to be done  but all i wanna do is sleep   "
"hold on to who you have now, one day you might lose them and then you'll wish you held on tighter "
take the third letter of your name and make a word describing me  copy and post this to your status  you will be amazed and how many response you get   have fun
"i know i am late, but today is the half way <propfirst> between me and my bestest friend's 18th b day's!!! happy late birthday katie-bug, and happy early b day to meeeeee! woooot!"
"i turn 18 in 3 more days      fate's gift to me? the wisdom to know when to leave, and the strength to do so "
"your untouchable, burning brighter than the sun, and now that your so close i feel like coming undone  in the middle of the night when i'm in this dream its like a million little stars spelling out your name     love "
i only have 10 hours left as a 17 year old    woo me!
"ok, i'm officially 18 now     laugh "
waiting for my ged scores    fingers crossed!  smile 
cheerios  amazing 
lucky charms and cheerios should have a baby    it would be <propfemale> nut cheerios with marshmellows in it    we could call it    marsheerios!!!  playful 
"sometimes we have to cut our own path through the darkness, no matter what anybody says  i am not cutting my path for any reason other than my own  freedom is calling my name    "
"sometimes we have to cut our own path through the darkness, no matter what anybody says  i am not cutting my path for any reason other than my own  freedom is calling my name    "
"ok, i got my ged scores back, and i am in the top 1% in science, top 30% in writing, top 20% in reading, top 12% in math, and i got an overall score of 3010  i  am  amazing "
i am in love w my phone    god bless verizon wireless!!!
"finding my own way    say what you will, it ain't gonna stop me!   smile "
march 25th     love 
support me or keep your opinion to yourself  please and thank you 
"less than two weeks to the beginning of forever now, lovin life, my job, an my fiance   smile "
"9 days to go, down to just paying for the hotel for the honeymoon, and his suit  my dress will be here friday   smile  i will take lots of pics for those who cant come   "
ok its all coming together now  next week will be crazy busy    smile 
"mon: pick up marriage license  tue: backdrop prep  wed:tables and tux pick up  thurs: backdrop centerpiece set up  fri: wedding  hair, flowers, make up, cake, last minute details, dress, walking down the aisle at 5:59 pm   playful  i won't be able to wait until 6!  playful "
"monday    day one of project \scramble \"""""
i cant wait for friday!! tmo is my last full day as <propfemale> peterson     laugh 
"well, we signed for our mattress yesterday  this means once we finish the payments, we no longer have to sleep on a twin bed  yay us!  playful "
"tomorrow is pay day     mattress payments, phone bills, apartment security deposits, car fund, and my popcorn addiction have already eaten that paycheck up  bone-appetite!"
"well, off to another long day at work     hoping the little buggers actually sleep during nap time today     jk, i love my kids     playful "
