c8a62ce2aa837024b698e3eb72aa3c42
<propfirst> and i are engaged!   smile   i'm so happy 
thanks for all the mazal tovs   congratulations    smile 
"i hate having laryngitis as a songleader   i want to be able to do my job, but i can't    sad "
thank goodness my voice is back    smile   shabbat shalom everyone!
"two more weeks left of camp   looking forward to seeing fiddler on the roof on sunday, august 9th!"
i've officially booked an october flight to new york to visit my future husband    smile 
lesson planning and creating a calendar for the school year    hard to believe i will be teaching already on sunday 
i am thankful for webcams   it is nice to be able to see my fiance online while he is in new york    smile 
shabbat shalom!
i hate the fact that i currently have no computer   it is not fun to have to borrow other people's computers 
i'm liking my new desktop computer and thankful that it is not giving me any grief thus far    smile  shanah tovah (happy jewish new year)!
to all my jewish friends: gemar chatimah tovah - may your final sealing (in the book of life) be good 
is hoping that everyone who fasted for yom kippur had an easy fast and a meaningful prayer e playful erience 
can't wait until friday morning when i'll be in my fiance's arms    smile 
i'm so excited about my upcoming trip to new york!   smile   i leave thursday night on a red eye 
enjoyed spending the weekend with my love   now it is back to the grind 
"contemplating the forms and plato's utopian society as i write my paper on plato   please note that i do not actually agree with plato's ideas, but i find them fascinating "
i am getting less and less sleep due to midterms    sad 
"i see the light at the end of the tunnel!  liturgy take home final due friday and last but not least, philosophy of education paper to complete during winter break "
"now that <propfirst> has returned to new york, i am finally working on completing my philosophy of jewish education paper   it is pleasant to do school work after two weeks of rest, relaxation, and fun    smile "
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is gay  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for acceptance 
flying to new york tonight on a red eye to visit my fiance    smile   i'm looking forward to being in his arms again 
at jfk waiting for my plane ride back to lax 
back in torrance   my flight arrived 1 hour early!
rip whitepaw (my dog)   i hope you are in a better place   may god watch over and care for your soul 
"getting married on 6 26 11 at the reef (in long beach, ca)    smile "
"one more final to go!  looking forward to graduation dinner, spending time with my fiance, and graduation!   smile "
graduated and have a part-time job!   smile 
got to meet my soon-to-be coworkers at <propfemale> adat elohim and enjoy sushi with my soon-to-be supervisor    smile   everyone was very friendly and welcoming 
"i will be out of town from june 19th to june 30th   i will have little to no internet and cell phone access during that time   if you try to get in touch with me during that timeframe, please assume that i will be unable to respond until june 30th in the evening or july 1st "
"happy 4th of july, everyone!"
new cell phone number: 424-200-3320
had my first day of work yesterday    smile   everyone was really nice and welcoming 
enjoying my job at tae and loving the wonderful tae community    smile 
thank you everyone for the lovely birthday wishes!
"very long and complicated story short: for practical reasons, <propfirst> and i are going to be changing the wedding date   not sure exactly what our new date will be   we are currently thinking about late august or mid to late december "
"possible wedding dates: 8 28 11, 11 25 11, 12 27 11, 12 28 11"
"eternal teacher, in this moment, i forgive those who have angered me, who have tried to diminish me, who have acted wrongly against me, concerning my body, my propery, my honor, everything whether the people involved acted accidentally, willfully, or under the influence of other forces, i forgive everyone, and may no harm come to them from my reasoning - eliyah rabbah"
"(continuation of previous post) may it be your will that i refrain from hurtful acts  with mercy, erase my past mistakes, keep me from suffering  may the words of my mouth and meditations of my heart find favor before you, god, my rock and my redeemer - eliyah rabbah, 5th century"
it is official: the new wedding date is 8 28 11    smile 
all wedding vendors have been rebooked    smile   so glad that people were flexible about the date change 
shanah tovah!  happy new year!   smile 
"if you live in the valley and are interested in hanging out today (saturday the 11th) or tomorrow (sunday the 12th), text me: 424-200-3320    smile "
"my day at work started off with my supervisor telling me how great of a job i am doing and how she appreciates all of my hard work   it was really nice to hear, especially during this crazy time of year "
"high holidays down   now, time to start religious school tomorrow!"
in new york with my love    smile 
lots of travel followed by work   still on new york time 
back on california time!  yay!
kinda hard to believe that chanukah is tomorrow night   happy chanukah to all you jews out there!
happy last night of chanukah!
