e7cd987867a397d37e99758dfcfaec5e
i am going to go to florida today and come home on tuesday   i am going to miss <propfirst> 
"i feel tired, used up, and worthless "
"i officially quit being <propfirst> thomason's friend   he is a frustrating, self absorbed person, and he will kill any heart that he can!!!"
i am official tired of <propfirst> thomason   he is no longer my friend and he stomped on my heart 
"i am living in rogers now   i have become a city girl and i am not sure that i like that, but all else is cool "
"booshit!\we all float!"
we all float! and you'll float too!
"\i just wanna buy a farm somewhere and put every orphan of the world on it and let them all run free and you know i wanna take all the black people of the world and just buy a farm somewhere    oh never mind\"" -<propfirst> from family guy"""
"people want to know why i do this, why i write such gross stuff  i like to tell them i have the heart of a small boy    and i keep it in a jar on my desk  <propfirst> <propmale>"
is starting to love cooking again!
"i love the ocean  i love real dirty things  i love to go fast  i love egyptian kings  i love the whole world and all its craziness! i love tornadoes  i love arachnids  i love hot magma  i love the giant squids  i love the whole world  it's such a brilliant place  \boom de yada! boom de yada! boom de yada! boom de yada!"
nothing to lose is some funny shit!
grillin and chillin
"i just learned how to update by text  i know, way behind the times i am "
i am about to have an awkard afternoon 
i start a new job that i will probably like tomorrow   smile  no more casino!!!
everyone i know from my past is married and i am not  does that say something?
first time watching grey's and it is the shiznit 
f*#k the police
wishes that the chat button didn't really exist 
my name is <propmale>    hilarious 'nough said
we went to the hibachi grill and then we saw grown ups   it was a very special night   smile 
cambiano i suonatori <propfemale> la musica è sempre quella 
"voglio andare in italia così male essa detiene così tanta bellezza i tramonti, il surf, il cielo, cibo, piccoli villaggi il destino di tutti è raccontato dalle stelle laggiù vivere per l'arte e bellezza tutto sembra così assoluta non si può combattere il tuo destino ci per è scritto <propfemale> stelle voglio andare <propfemale> giorno e <propfemale> verrà casa mi auguro che il giorno è pieno di speranza, gioia, amore e risate solo in italia "
wolfman is awesome but not as good as silver bullet 
i am wondering if this job is a good fit for me 
"i am having a hard time thinking   the walls are closing in and i am starting to run out of air   i am trying to be there for certain people as much as possible, but i am confused myself    so how can i be of any real assistance?  a little girl needs me, and trying to protect her is getting harder and harder "
i am scared for my future family 
my mind is tired from trying to digest all the legal crap 
"\if we are gonna perform inception then we need imagination \"""""
i wanna see inception about 3 more times in theaters and then i think i'll be good   smile 
is waiting for life to begin 
<propfemale> is here!!! i get to spoil the girl  yay!
i wanna catch up with my long lost friend 
busy drawing some stuff for the next arkansas anime con   totoro!!!!!!
"i love <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, little <propfirst>, <propfemale>, mom, dad, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>   these people make my world go round   smile "
"oh my god, blue collar tv has me laughing so hard i can hardly breathe!!!"
 terally!!!
i am learning how to make stainless steel eating utensils on how it's made and loving it 
"due, that was an intense medium episode!"
"i have been doing some research online and come to find out that i am not the only freak in the world who's dreams occasionally come true   i may be the only one who <propfirst> 9 11 before it happened, but i am not the only one who dreamed it   wow, i feel a lot better   smile "
the stand is blowing my mind man   <propfirst> <propmale> is a literary god!
i am going to start a dream journal and see what i come up with  i am sort of excited 
"i have spent the last couple of hours coloring a build a bear house for <propfemale>'s new hello <propfemale> doll   now the question is, when are they going to make a totoro?  because i want one "
"so, i love the products that my employer puts out, i just think that i don't make agood sales person   sad "
kick ass really kix a$$!!!
"wants seasons 1-5 of medium, but it is too e playful ensive for this poor person "
i want a vantage point backpack!!!
spent too much money today  i am encouraging a hello <propfemale> addiction by buying these overpriced build a bear clothes for a little girl 
best two days off ever! my brother is the coolest 
"i don't know what to do with my life sometimes, and i know that i am not alone in this  i no longer have that casino job, but my taxes from that job put"
my efc at a level 6 on the fafsa  i cannot afford to pay over half with this job and good luck trying to find another job that pays enough to do that! ug
"h, i am so frustrated  it looks like i am never going to school   sad "
"so, i guess that when i send an update with this new phone it just ends up a garbled mess "
"sometimes i have to wonder why people have turned facebook into an online devotional   it is usually annoying, but now i just find it puzzling why people feel that specific need "
"i was thinking about working at hobby lobby   after all, i love <propmale>   however, i have found many disturbing reviews and i was just wondering if anyone knows what it is like to work at the hl here in arkansas (no reviews for this state) and if not any suggestions on some fun places that are closed on sundays or understands the need for sundays off?"
i am not looking foward to tomorrow  tough times ahead 
"awesome! one of the previews on grindhouse, machete, is really going to be a movie   \you fucked with the wrong mexican!!!\"""""
"okay, so i am still trying to get some stuff together to put on my etsy com site and i have no idea what to put on there   everything is already being sold on there it seems   creative artist's block   grrr    "
"well, my etsy shop is getting a little closer to seeing the light of day   i am almost proud "
"dear alaska: you are my dream state   i may never get to see you   but, i am going to paint the shit out of you!  you heard me, you have been warned "
i can't figure out how to send photos via mobile and it is making me angry  i set up my mobile setting to receive and even a mobile facebook email and nothing shows up on here 
tonight has been a good night 
"monday you can hold your head,tuesday wednesday stay in bed,or thursday watch the walls instead,it's friday and i'm in love "
"today, is one day closer to being fall "
i wanna carve some pumpkins!
"so i am thinking that i want to go swimming in this pond at the apartment   there's a sign that says \no swimming\"" and that makes it harder to ignore """
i am happy that we got some much needed rain 
2 98 is not enough to ship most dvds   amazon needs to rethink that 
"does anyone use myspace anymore?  i liked it back when they were just myspace, not myspace trying to be facebook "
what are the chances the 2012 will really be the end of existence? no religion please 
i am officially engaged!!!
is wishing that life was simpler 
"just made lobster and angel hair pasta with homemade cream sauce with baby portabella mushrooms, onions, garlic, and slightly cooked grape tomatoes to bring out the sweet wine taste   god! no wonder i am fat   smile "
"great day spent in fayetteville   hugos, <propfirst> wilmoth, dark <propfemale>, <propfirst>, sound warehouse, bracelet making   now, if only i can have more days like these   love fayetteville?  then keep it funky!"
gonna make banana wafer pudding and a quiche today  yay!
big brother is watching
planning your own wedding is hard 
i have an interview with hobby lobby tomorrow and i am really excited   i want to be in a position to help others be creative   i just really hope that everything works out 
i have to close tonight  sad 
got the job at hobby lobby!!! time to sell some paint! start on the 11th
bring back project <propmale>! only reason for wanting kinect   we need to make a petition 
"\poisoned meat  such a strange way to care for children \""\",e7cd987867a397d37e9975 laugh fcfaec5e,"why doesn't barnhill arena put on concerts anymore?  those were some of the best memories with my family   3 doors down, oleander, fuel, goo goo dolls, matchbox 20   i miss the 90's   sad "
i am so scared that my bread won't turn out right 
i like it on the loveseat 
even if you do everything right you still die   so stop worrying   words to live by 
getting beauty and the beast on dvd  yay!
"hobby lobby training on monday   i am excited and nervous, like the first day of school   other than that, kind of quiet and boring "
end of the spear is a truly moving movie 
"it's the terror of knowing what this world is about, watching some good friends screaming \let me out \"""""
"well, my craft heaven job didn't work out for reasons i can't even begin to list here   i least i kept my other job   eb looks like a bunch of saints, so i guess i will be happy with what i have   for the time being   "
i wanna join storm chasers!
15 5 gallon keg and coors tap for sale  150 or best offer   any takers?
correction: keg and tap 100 obo   sorry folks   any takers?
"went to go see paranormal activity and it was worse, scarier than the first one   my brother was next to me and i almost ripped his arm off!"
"so, house on haunted hill is kind of little silly, but i still love it "
9 hrs  and aprox  30 minutes until the walking dead on amc   watch it if you love zombies 
"pinnacle hills mall was crazy, and there were so many good costumes   i even saw bub from day of the dead   good times "
the walking dead was amazing  brand new favorite show   smile 
i hate it that halloween is over if only it could last for a month   sad 
novemeber=shit
"i hate being sick, it puts me into a terrible mood   sad "
due date is hilarious  special screenings rock 
"just saw toy story 3 and i hate to say this, but i teared up a little at the end "
i want my brother to call me 
the walking dead just keeps getting better 
pickin' up black ops tonight at midnight 
black ops is awesome  pretty bad ass zombie mode 
why does it seem like i am coming across more and more adult aged products of our public school systems that graduate but are still unable to read?  shame on the public school system 
wants everyone to just smoke a joint and be happy 
three cast members is the walking dead are from the mist!!! awww    i have an orgy going on in my eyeballs   smile 
anyone ever home school a 6 year old?
"does anyone know of a great, creative job opening?  i wish for some sort of creative, artistic, job   i can't find anything "
damn now i am in the mood to play nirvana too!
let us commence this holiday by consuming mass quantities of domesticated fowl and hopping on the gravy train!!!!!!  happy thankstaking day!
"\i dont understand why i am so worried  yesterday a lady claimed that i ran her off the road, which was a shared driveway and i didn't and she was afraid"
"\she had a flat tire  i hope she got home okay "
"well, christmas is finally coming   i am prepared with a 7-8' tree that would cause an epileptic to have a seizure just looking at it "
are aliens really out there? and i am not talking about the illegal kind 
we officially start to close at 10 pm now  crap 
"what do you think will really happen on december 21st, 2012? scam or legit? your thoughts?"
long and busy day   <propfirst>'s jeep just crapped out on him and we spent the whole day fixing the isuzu   <propfirst> basically (metaphorically) pulled a rabbit out of his ass and managed to get the beast going   good day 
going to war eagle
is anyone else tired of working to make everyone else <propmale> while you struggle to pay the bills?
know of any great places hiring?  i am looking for something creative 
"i am in florida missing everybody   however, it is great to see the ocean and pick up handfuls of shells on a practically deserted beach   st  <propfirst>'s island is completely beautiful and reminds me of the early days of destin   yay "
holy crap  i am about to watch black swan  it starts in a few minutes and i am fully prepared to get my eyes blown from my optical sockets 
"sometimes, i just want to die   maybe i could be a really successful artist or something in the next world "
"this sounds fun so i will try it out and see what i get annoyed \what song do i remind you of?"
<propfirst> got me an indiana <propfirst>es hat   i love him so 
something funny: i am watching the social network while playing on facebook   now that is addiction  lol
i am in the search for a wedding ring for <propfirst>   tungsten carbide looks like the only reasonable option    considering what he does for a living 
looking forward to tomorrow    smile 
"i am thinking of calling her chihiro or mei  smile  my fur baby, not a real one just to put minds to rest "
i got a beige female chinchilla   her name is coraline    and she is the cutest little fuzzy thing   <propfirst> even likes her 
"i just lost a friend, due to reasons unknown   i am really sad right now   she is treating me like shit and won't say why "
"i finally have my wedding ideas set into place!  siloam springs gazebo  summer time, probably june 25th     <propfirst> orwell's birthday "
i miss my ring   it had to be sent away to be fixed   my finger feels naked 
"<propfirst>, little <propfirst>, and <propmale> are about to be youtube stars and maybe appearing on 40 29 "
for colored girls is one of the most deeply moving films i have seen in years 
"looking for a good job is hard work, but i strangely like it   i have so many lead and applications to fill out "
thank you guys for all the wonderful birthday wishes   it makes turning 25 a lot easier    smile 
best birthday ever!  thank you all for the kind wishes   i love life right now and that is really rare!
red riding hood is suprisingly good 
