657d878a3e2c981f1989db358c41b5b9
last night was amazing! today i felt like i was insane in the membrane!
face book     
red bull & bacardi
hanging out with maddy
staying up xtra late to play sims 3    mwahhahahaha
loves me some rainbow chocolate chip cookies !
red bull time!
going to get a birthday cake and balloons for <propfemale>!
for maddies birthday she went to the texas state aquarium and <propmale> e cheeses!!  she had a blast 
missin the old days   
found school pics from 1st 2nd and 3rd grade lol  upload!
laundry    lame  sad 
just got my wifi hooked up yaayyy!
mikes harder lemonade  love 
yaay i can't wait for my mini vacation this weekend 
"had a great weekend in the hill country!  love   new braunfels, schlitterbahn, gruene,  my favorite places!   love "
needs to get on the ball to find a job   i'm such a procrastinator!
morning dance party with maddy! woooo!
"i declare this meeting of the midnight society closed  [pours water on \fire ]"
had an awesome day at port a with my family!  laugh 
wishin i was back at the beach  smile 
wish i could just live on the beach     with a tent and etc   woke up    now back to bed    j k   but really     just thinking about packing and moving makes me cringe   sad   no money for bills= no apartment 
"i know things are supposed to happen for a reason but this is ridiculous      i'm an adult, this shouldn't be upsetting me, but for some reason it is "
the weather is perfect  for my feelings today   wink 
"ok  happy now   lol  after all, tommorow is another day  smile  shiver me timbers!"
"yes,\ no, maybe, i don't know   can\ you repeat the\ question??   life is unfaaaiiiirr       ha  love "
<propfemale> mad now   <propfirst> dewyze= just another nobody  ahhh!!!
"r i p  <propfirst> <propmale>! you were on of the most \cherished child stars of all time! at least you are finally at peace \with mr drummond "
watching     star trek?   lol
craving tattoos   lol
getting laundry done  very fun  can't wait for beach day tommorow  smile 
beach day  love 
wow i look like a lobster!  someday when i get skin cancer i'll learn how to use sunblock!  laugh   love  the beach with mommy 
why do i have a fear of submerged objects?  annoyed 
wow! i live in a great neighborhood! not!
can't wait to live with my mom!  no more drama  no more stress   time to start over without someone holding me back and bringing me down!   laugh 
"lol @ hulk hogan   \don't sweat the debt!!\""   laugh """
"drunnkk! lol  301 late night fun, maddy is having a slumber party at her cuzz! beach tommorow yaaay  smile "
wow my little bro got hooked by some idiot fishing next to kids and swimmers on the beach!  spent an hr in the er with him   
watching <propfemale> make <propfemale> biscuits!
"pixar night on fam <propfemale>!   smile    cravin the new wicked chicken box @ popeyes lol?  stayed up waayyyy too late last night reading jfk conspiracies( uh yeeaahh  had trouble falling asleep) and  trying to find \deleted secret wiki pages\""     ha"""
booooo! i hate moving  theres too much and too little time 
strange being back home 
missin my kitties
"\nobody messes with <propfirst> we\""  lol  laugh   neeeed sleeeepp"""
just go with the flow  who really knows what is real and what is fiction? i'm sure if all this nwo stuff is true and their prophecy is so called revealed and revelations is real then we will know the truth   of course then it will be to late  or will it?? lol ahahahahahaha!   late night conspiracies   always a good way to lose some sleep   wink 
little bit o job hunting  smile 
wants to walk on the beach  smile 
hmmm    joose    to drink or not to drink that is the q  lol
joose  fosho  smile  beach tommorow 
"port a was weird today,tons of seaweed &also what looked like oil soaked seaweed, no oil in the water though  millions of dead crabs,barnacles,seashells,and dead starfish! whats up with that? i thought the current was supposed to drift east? i also found a huge trash bag full of oil and nasty black oil was seeping out of it and staining the sand! very strange, but great for beach combing!"
on a cleaning spree! hopefully leaving for pedernales st  park tommorow camping! if not  than it will be okay anyways  smile 
working on corrections for my fafsa  ready for some zzzzs   hopefully rescheduling camping trip due to unprepared-ness!  annoyed 
action today! hopefully will get alot done   laugh 
ughh   sad  i hope i break out of this mindset soon 
between the buried and me- get lost in their music   love 
"dyeing my hair   laugh   wish i could put the pink in  it's so tempting! i hate rockport! if it was <propfirst>, it wouldn't matter "
master! master! master of puppies i'm pulling on leads!
booooo! no ride to party sooo what do i do? get loko and dye my mom's hair ahaha!
it's 11:11 ! make a wish!
whoooaaa dude sky diving!!! that sounds like the coolest thing <propfemale>!!
pourin me some more loko lol it tastes good on the rocks 
i eat uno dos tres quatro burritos pretty soon i can't fit into my speedos! taco    grande!! weird <propmale> lol  foood would not be good with my lokos    ha! i know better 
wow    awesome    waking up bright and early at 12 smile 0 lol 
sooo my work place of interest is hiring yay! going up there monday  beach hopefully tommorow with maddles    smile 
happy fathers day <propfirst> locke! i love u daddy   love 
the beach was beautiful today   wish i didn't feel so lonely 
yikes     my loko just talked to me    bedtime! tommorows goals: apply at a certain place of interest and work out  lol   i'm thinking morning dance party with maddles!  laugh 
ughh   sad 
"hmm     watchin wwe, drinkin a loko, enjoying life right now  smile  beach beach beach i must go tommorow to keep my tan    smile "
mmmm a lovely breakfast of fruit!  smile  i need to go work on my tan  
"yikess i just remembered my scary nightmare    bad guys were after me and my family at my own house yikes, and then a racoon tried to attack me   its scary when your nightmares take place at your \real\"" house  ahhh  i have had tons like that   """
whoooaaa i totally forgot about the rocko's modern life marathon i dvr'ed last night!   love 
"sooooo i spilled boiling liquid all over my hand while making dinner, and no appreciation for dinner from anyone  oh well i should never e playful ect that, i'm living back at home with the selfish people   i should of never e playful ected to be happy here  i always give my all   i do everything around here, and recieve nothing   not even a thank you  i know i'm just being a baby   kiss ("
boredd  tired   finally maybe i'll get some sleep 
"sooo bored    every day is the same    my life is on repeat   i can't wait for the fall semester, and a job   "
yikeess maddy brought me the phone and she had dialed 666!!
why does my a c not work during the day    blahhhhhh
ha ha! he makes me laugh      i  love  having the <propmale> jr  channel! all of maddy's fave shows all day long!! not that i can watch it all day i would go crazy!! had an awesome morning dance workout with maddy!  now cleaning    
i wish i was in antartica
ahhh   it feels so nice to sleep in and have my alone time     smile 
"toy story 3 was awesome, at least what i saw of it   maddy's 1st time at the movies    started out good   ended bad lol she started acting up reaalll bad    will def have to rent that one when it comes out "
"there we go again with the weird dreams    running from and killing zombies, protecting  maddy, and we got away in a boat! yipeee!"
"oh how i love metal   love  jammin   wishin i was at the beach, i don't wanna tan outside in my yard   it sucks there is bugs!"
chunk up the deuce then let ya trunk pop! lol
i want to live  where the soul meets body  and let the sun  wrap it's arms around me
"nice weather, we are having  wink "
<propmale> potter  marathon! lol
i done hit the pint to the head like   maan!! big moe  smile 
i think it's painting or reading time   smile 
"awww i love my lil angel! maddy to kitty: \no <propfemale> that's mine!\""    she is getting so smart """
loko u my only frienddd   jk  smile 
happy 4th of july!  can't wait for tonight! fireworks yay!  smile 
had a blast with all my fireworks !!  wooooo i love e playful loding things!!  good times with the fam    watched the fireworks display and drank my mom's beer lol
it's the end of the world as we know it!  and i feel fineeee 
gaaaww <propfemale> exhausted    been working outside all day in this 90 degrees!
hmmm    all alone at my house for 3 weeks   wtf  
"the way we were,\the <propmale> to save my soul   \and my concern is \now in vain \believe the word,\i will unlock my door   \and \pass the cemetery    gates"
not even brownies can cheer me up  :[
*becker guitar playing*  ahhhh noooo!
ha <propfemale> ha ha ha!  ha <propfemale> ha ha ha! shark bait ou ha ha!!  nemo is in my mind   it's maddy's new obsession 
wow im drunk and it's daytime   lol  laugh 
"finally cleaned everything out of my old room, now i got my red room back lol so many memories, i almost don't want to paint the walls   "
"i don't wanna be buried in a pet cemetary, don't want to live my life again!"
wahoo! applied at heb   their phones will be ringin off the hook lol  can't wait for this weekend!  yaay girls nite!   goin loko for that loko! ahahaha!
had an awesome night with my girls!  oh how i miss this   time for round 2 lol  
had a blast with my gals!   love  now cleaning house and chillllinn 
had the most amazing time    ever   'nuff said   i love you <propfemale> fox    smile 
"smile, smiles  smile "
"feel it dripping- feel the drip, formaldehyde you re prepared for the crypt"
wondering why i hear walking around my house but no one is there  
"ughhh! had a gauge nightmare this morning, woke up with a missing gauge and a red freakin swollen ear   idk what happened lol"
 smile 
i can't wait to see my friends tomorrow   beach  smile 
boooorrrrreeeddd   
had a little too much fun last night  woke up covered in spongebob temporary tattoos  i think i may take a nice break tonight    smile 
yaay i'm feeling so positive now!  smile  waahhooo!
stokkeedd! i got the job!  smile  come by and see me tomorrow night at 301!!
loving the weather    smile 
come out to 301 tonight and see me peeps!  smile 
had alot of fun at work last night! now for a nice day off     beach and beer sounds nice right about now   smile 
god damnit <propfemale>!!! i'll write the note later    lmao
last night was the shit   now come and see me tonight at 301 wooooo!!!  shot time!
busy sunday     and eh drunken drama    sleepy time 
tonight was a great night    smile  day off tommorow   mani and pedi that's whats up 
"301 tonight!  white girls, mag lites, cold beer, shot time!!  smile "
sooo it's on tonight at 301 baby!!!! shot time!!  come and listen to some karaoke and drink a cold one!!!  smile 
tonight is going to be soooo crazy!!! 301 fo sho!  shot time!!
early morning chicken fried steak munch down and the matrix  f- yeah!
finally awake       lol!  now my mom has errands for me     great   smile 
22 farmville reqquestsss lol wtf
hey        i want some of that zesty dip      
drunk fbing is cool  yup
come out to 301 tonight!!!!   smile 
day off     hmm  smile 
workin 11 -6 tomorrow come and get some food and daytime drinks lol  smile 
had a great day at work!  smile 
reallllllyyy wastes  !! um tomorrow nite should be fun  smile 
 smile    smile   smile   so happy
"kiss me in the dark, roll me through the night \\hold me like you'll never let me go\\hit me with your heart, till the morning light\\let your skin talk to my soul"
work tonight come and get ur ass to 301!!  it's mander and brown!!  had a great night  smile   hope it's not too good to be true    this is the first time i have been happy in a long time 
tonight was a great night at work!  smile 
"wow last night was reallyy fun i got pretty wasted    and then the storm was loud and scary, but it was okay because i had him to cuddle with  smile "
"i ain't really happy \\unless the sky starts driving rain\\maybe i just get off on the pain"
fml  smile 
when it rains i don't mind being lonely
ok i'll back off now   you win 
i'm loving this weather    it's just perfect   sooo apparently it's international talk like a pirate day!! soooo tonite get ur  booty down to 301 tonight  or else u can walk the plank matey!!! arrrrr!!!!  wink 
omg im loving this pirate language        lol
arrr!! thar be thunder!
aye work was a success mateys  now time for my much needed bedtime  smile 
ok sooo tonite it's me and <propfemale>!!! come to 301 and get ur drink on babes!  2 blondes in the house tonite!!!  smile 
work was awesome!  smile  time for 2 days off     lol
ummm f m l               seriouslyyyy
interesting things goin on tonite  smile 
301 tonight !!! b there or b square    lol?   =p
"children with special needs do not have an illness  it is not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  can i make a request? anyonewho is willing, post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour  it is special education week, and this is in honor of all    (tharr be more)      children    who just need a little extra help, attention and acceptance"
righty-o now i'm off to work!  smile 
workin 11-6 tomorrow   come to 301 for some daytime fun   lol
fun fun and more fun    lol
no phoneee    it's uselesss
ef  em  el  smile 
work tonite 301 baby!! blondes in the house so you will want to be there !! shot time !!!  smile 
"going to spend some time with my favorite little girl, and tonight should be realllyyyy fun lmao          smile "
had an awesome night with the girls   i'm safe at home now time for some zzzzzz'ssss     smile 
the hell he puts me through     fml
slow night at work!! but it's always a good time with jerr bear  smile   301 tommorow morning fuck yeah come get yourself some !! lol   time for beddy bye  
great day at work!!  love  lovin life  smile 
um why     whenever i move the mouse around it is magnifying everything i'm scrolling over my comp thinks i'm an old geezer?
301 tonight!!! come see me and get your food and drank on!   smile 
had a nice day in cc  now time to get back to work tommorow   smile 
come to 301 tomorrow and watch the cowboys game!!!!  me and <propfemale> are tending daytime so come down to fulton and party with us!!  smile 
wow that was a long nap     party time?
yar har har swab my deck!!
now i'm feelin so fly like a g6     
had a good day at work   rest in peace mr  <propfirst>    it was an honor to meet and talk with you when i could 
well tried on my halloween costume    french maid playboy <propfemale> punk rocker      umm yeah i looked pretty kooky   i think i will look around for a new one   annoyed 
<propfemale> is there anything else i can get for you ladies tonight?  i think i want a hot fudge sundae! ooohh mmmmm ohhhhh that does sound good lmfao!!
"i miss my dad   had flashbacks of being a kid as he was leaving today, made me break down   i wish i had a boyfriend   it would be nice to have one someday  maybe for once i'll be treated right    annoyed "
 smile 
fml landlubbbin nonsense
<propfemale> cooper is sold out  sad  ruined my day   
i want some <propfemale> garden soup and salad
"had a blast at the <propmale> zombie concert, my neck hurts as usual from the aftermath of headbanging, and had crazy and scary dreams of niagra falls last night    yikes my fear of heights  yaaayy halloween is coming up!! can't wait for our 301 halloween party saturday!!  smile "
"good morning, care for a kick ass bloody <propfirst>?? come see me at 301!  smile "
"morning dance party with maddy, had a great sleepover with her!!  back to work tonight!! come see me and <propfemale> at 301 !!"
"i just think i was meant to be fat, i really love eating   diets totally not going to last esp at work when the kitchen is around   fml"
 sad 
yo fo sho
waayy too early for me to be awake   
hmm back to bed or breakfast and coffee on the beach   
put that cookie daauuunn!!!
"beer is good, people are fucking crazy!"
i want to go to sleep     forever  
"i'm sorry     im not perfect    far from it, and i do get drunk and fuck shit up sometimes "
"going to corpus in the a m for some cavenders, <propmale> mar, and xmas shopping  wooooo!"
"if it makes you happy, it can't be so bad   smile "
"congratulations to my dad and his wife, i have a new baby brother!  smile "
hanging out with my kiddo enjoying a nice few days off   smile 
"get some sour cream and onion chips with some dip, man, some beef jerky, some peanut butter  get some häagen-dazs ice cream bars, a whole lot, make sure chocolate, gotta have chocolate, man  some popcorn, red popcorn, <propmale> crackers, <propmale> crackers with marshmallows, the little marshmallows and little chocolate bars and we can make s'mores, man "
come to 301 for your new years <propfemale> festivities!!!! the only bar in town with absolutely no cover charge!!!!
really wish i could of made this day more productive   annoyed 
havin a popcorn movie night with maddy   white zinfandel later on  smile 
ftw
"soooo the hail this morning sounded like a machine gun on my roof    woke up screaming \run for cover\""!!! come see me at 301 today    i'll be all by my lonesome   smile """
fucking worst night of my life 
this too shall pass   
"\have you ever stared into his eyes? it was like the first time i heard the beatles!!\"""""
all the corn dogs are gone?!?! wtf!!!!
hope the sun is out tommorow!!! tan here i come!!  smile 
had some crazy dreams last night lol what was the safety word???!!!
"it's a good day to relax, smoke, and maybe eat some pancakes     lol"
"man i just wish i was by the river right now, kickin back with a beer, turning on some texas country and wasting away the day with someone special in my happy place    smile "
wow lol finally my good ol couple of days off! time to recuperate!!  smile 
bbq chicken pizza for breakfast? i think so!  smile 
i'm supposed to become a brunette today   
i love my new hair!  smile  come and see me today at 301! it is seafood day which means great food all day long cooked by the master chef!
can't wait for saturday!  smile   had an amazing time      going to the beach for some well deserved chill time 
wow today is awesome 
"great another day of doing the exact opposite of what i was supposed to do, lol!  playful "
so whats everyone up to tonight i think i'm thirsty for some shots and mixed drinks! yaaa  laugh 
wow  it is not supposed to be this cold in rockport!  annoyed 
hey it's you!!!!! mcmuffin!!!!
come see me at work today back to work at 301!!!
sooooo cold   wish i had someone to cuddle with me 
i just want to sleep forever     fml
 smile  oh yes i'm a happy girl  
"time to get my game on       oysterfest y\all know where to go     301 baby tommorow      """
oyster fest weekend starts tonight    come join us at 301 for the party    oyster bar also open outside from 6pm to 2am tonight!!! also open 11am -2am fri-sun
holy hell
i think i'm going to go with a 10 this weekend  wink     shrimp day tommorow at 301 the master chef is cooking and i'll be serving some damn good drinks so c'mon out for some great seafood and drink specials for happy hour 11-6!!
great day at work    time to get lifted!
porn
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! i had an awesome time     wish i could remember most of it     playful 
geuss i'm going to miss the <propfirst> rogers show tonight    bummer  sad   it's going to be a long lonely night   
top o the mornin to ya
"like sands through the hourglass, so are the days of our lives   "
"come on over to 301 today for seafood day, shrimp,oysters,soft shell crab      happy hour 2 50 well and domestics 11-6      wink "
back to paradise  wink   love 
"my dear friend, i love you and miss you    sad "
