4a774ca406977b32f9a15e28cdd19110
"--here comes 2000, and the times they are a-changing   and if i'm still alive at two thousand and twenty-five, i'll be singing   (the century plant groooows   )"
percusses the vocals 
will open up his folding chair next to you 
"is a proud contributor to casa org, and is ecstatic to be slowly making his presence known in the a cappella community "
is neither profitable nor prophet-able 
"is trying to move out of his apartment, rehearse for perform at a gig, and <propfemale> out with as many people as possible--all before leaving for japan on sunday "
left <propmale> at 6:43am thursday and awoke in okinawa at 6 smile 0am saturday   travel time from one o-town to another was about 22 hours 
"is about half-way through responding to all the awesome birthday wishes, but won't be able to get to the rest for some odd hours   i'm getting there, promise! on a side note, <propfirst> likes how facebook knows everything, and is advertising to him in katakana and kanji!"
wa boisu pakasshon desu 
"is going backwards through time   sayonara, okinawa   <propfemale> ne, <propfemale>pan "
"read in a newspaper that student loans (both federal and private) are nondischargable in bankruptcy, and is suddenly quite scared "
"--a cappella auditions: so noted and crescendudes! love to sing or beatbox? come try out!  auditions are this wednesday (6-9pm), thursday (6-9pm), and friday (1-4pm) in colbourn hall 204   check out our facebook event <propfemale>!"
"acknowledges that this might just be his hopeful ego talking, but he would really like to think that the writers of glee knowingly gave the crescendudes a shout-out on popular national television "
"had an insanely difficult time finalizing the crescendudes' roster   these past hours were not easy at all--truly, thank you to all the guys that came out and auditioned "
"   euf   a narrow win for a cappella is a win for a cappella, but still   quite stressful "
's phone is awol   sorry if you've been trying to reach him 
"is making progress with the trumpet and the electric guitar   what's that you ask?  oh no, no   he doesn't play those instruments   he is making progress in being those instruments "
"should have known that studying a span of eastern <propmale> history from 2600 bce to 1988 ce would be easier (and less strenuous) while listening to ultra-smooth, lush, and insanely tight a cappella   thanks mosaic "
--finale corrupted the song i was working on and it no longer opens   merde 
wants everyone to know that there's a very likable photography exhibit going up in the library right now 
"thinks that vegetarians should be able to photosynthesize, and does not care to think about the evolutionary logistics necessary to make that a reality "
is officially a goner: he dreamt about a cappella last night   and he never remembers his dreams   sojam in less than a month!
"--day two of a cappella dreams   i have a less clear sense of what this dream was about, but i believe there were some sticky acapolitics involved "
is so flippin' happy with his dancers!
got a compliment on his french pronunciation accent from a native french speaker!
is overdosing on the mundane and would greatly benefit from anything of depth--any kind of anchor or stimuli to uproot and upend this automatous lifestyle 
--scooby and the gang just stormed the ucf library   a nice little respite from a dreadful week   
is the last airbender 
"is inspired and validated, and seeing so many people who share his passion for a cappella makes him feel like he belongs   thanks, sojam   also, his review is the featured article on casa org right now, so go check it out!"
"is incapable of sleep when all the doors of a cappella seem to be opening simultaneously   seriously, whatever everyone qualifies it as--fate, <propfemale>, divine plans of higher beings, kismet, coincidence--it seems to be happening, and <propfirst> is freaking out   clear your schedules for mid february, everyone--the details are unconfirmed, but something big is in store for the crescendudes   serendipity is abounding "
feels like his ra interview went really well (he name-dropped <propmale> <propfemale> and his pwning floor decorations)   good luck to all the cac ra candidates--how cool would it be to have a cac building next year?
"is so grateful (and, well, ecstatic as the first time) to get such a kind shout-out from the always-stellar mouth off! podcast, even if at the bafflement of <propmale> brown! thanks guys!"
boca 2010 track list announced!
"went to publix today to get some last-minute things for thanksgiving, only to learn that when purchasing land of lakes butter, the register rings it up as \lol butter \"""""
"doesn't want (no, he really doesn't want) to be <propfirst> lithgow or <propfemale> curtin "
"--if ever there is a moment, a decipherable catalyst, an incision of divinity, etc , let me know   i would very much like to witness it, to decry it in the style of the irascible inquirer, to exalt it and slake my meagerness upon it in the style of the venerable hermit "
"met and auditioned for several toxic audio members (original cast, baby!) and did not put two and two together until about thirty minutes ago   he is really freaking out right now, but is glad he did not know, otherwise he would have been e playful onentially more nervous   he can't believe (though is extremely grateful) that he got this opportunity through his french professor "
"is pumped for the biggest a cappella concert ucf has ever seen!  jam-packed with four dynamic groups, this is the one you don't want to miss! only $3 for students and $5 for adults   tomorrow night, comm 101, 7pm   be there!"
loves the crescendudes with everything he has 
is songwriting some a cappella goodness dans français   gratifying!
"thinks there were hits and misses with the opening night of sing-off (both in production and performance), but is generally stoked beyond words that contemporary a cappella is getting this kind of coverage at all   woohoo!  oh, and in subsequent seasons (please let there be subsequent non-mini-series seasons!), how about finding anybody besides <propmale> lachey to host?"
took down his previous status because he completely spoiled the results for somebody!  sorry!
"they should boot <propfemale> from sing off and replace her with <propfemale> bareilles   <propfemale> fills the role of relevant female in pop-music, and was a member of a great collegiate a cappella group (ucla awaken a cappella!)   her hit song \gravity\"" was originally recorded with awaken in 2003 on \""dysfunctional family album \""  those qualifications alone give me more blind confidence in her judging than <propfemale>'s """
"hey shawn--please don't tell <propfemale> that a cappella is \with no music \""  that's just plain incorrect """
"--no, voices of <propfirst>, \aaaah\"" does not make for a good snare sound!"""
"is a dairy vs  non-dairy smackdown (i e , a serving of cottage cheese with some soy milk) at 3:23am   in other news, this is <propfirst>'s first non a cappella related status since november 30th   oh wait, now it's a cappella related   "
is excited to see <propfirst> mcferrin's performance on the sing off finale tonight!
is following all of the sing off live-blogging during commercials   just in case you were wondering 
"i'm sorry, nota   love you guys, but your \lean on me\"" doesn't hold a candle to mosaic's """
"--observations on sing-off, below!"
"why are all those people living my improv-with-bobby-mcferrin dream without me?  i believe that is the first time i've written an entire sentence in all caps   it's that amazing   after sing off, i'm listening to <propfirst> mcferrin for hours "
"--connections training came and went in a flurry   now for door tags, bulletin boards, newsletters--it's all so official now! i'm the newbie ra at apollo!"
"would like to know if anyone is taking the 3300 level french grammar course, and if so, where when it is   there's no trace of it on myucf!"
"hey residents--having trouble affording all these really e playful ensive textbooks?  you can get a short-term advance up to $600 from the financial aid office in milican   also, check out chegg com: you can rent your textbooks for the semester at a much lower cost than buying "
"hey residents (okay, ucf students in general): the blue man group is performing at half time of tonight's basketball game--get in for free at 8pm with your student id!"
"hey residents--i'll be going around asking you to sign occupancy checks   make sure to sign by tuesday--if you want, you can drop me a line here to let me know when i can reach you   other than that, have a good weekend, everybody!"
residents! need those occupancy checks by 2pm today--hit me up if you haven't signed yet!
wants to go to the ursa i  love  the 80's party tonight   who wants to come with?
"hopes that all his friends get the ra positions they're applying for, and is giving a shout out to <propfirst> schon because he deserves one! good luck everyone, can't wait to hear some good news!"
"'s most wanted items to be released in 2010: <propmale> thompson's \habibi\"" and tally hall's second studio album   what are yours?"""
needs a poetry buddy group outlet 
--anybody awake with a case of the late night munchies? i could definitely go for some food and company 
"--did someone text my landline?  if so, it's better to just call it, or call text my cell "
hey residents--not a morning person? reclaim breakfast!  alac midnight breakfast tonight at 11:59pm in the libra community center   a group will be meeting at the apollo courtyard at 11:50pm to walk over together 
"<propfemale>, “toi petit cœur, hérisson acéré: fort, serre-moi fort “"
i guess it's not a day and age where jd salinger's death can get as many facebook status dedications as <propfirst> <propmale>'s 
likes to take advantage of the bourgeoisie 
finally got around to posting his doppleganger pic 
thanks everybody who came out to movie night!  how'd you like this week's pick?
baow jhey nh wah nih kuh baow jh nah nh nah nh nah nh!
"has misplaced his phone again, so sorry if you've tried to reach him that way recently!"
"still has no phone!  in other news, doesn't actually have duty today, so who wants to <propfemale> out and watch the olympics? (cough <propfirst> emlet cough) "
"can't believe the concert with voicemale is tomorrow!  you really can't afford to miss this if you are a student at ucf--tomorrow, 7pm, comm 101, $3 for students and $5 for adults "
is performing with the crescendudes and brandeis voicemale tonight!  you don't want to miss the brandeis voicemale ucf crescendudes concert! 7pm in comm 101!
", after a blunt reminder of how deeply he cares about a cappella, has just submitted his audition request to hyannis sound   baby steps towards that career in a cappella, my friends "
wishes margaux ring and <propfemale> zavada the best of luck for tonight!  you lovely ladies will storm the competition!
<propmale> hare and <propfirst> boitano skating together at the tender age of 9 years old? what will the cosmic compendium of coincidences think of next?
"is dealing texas hold 'em at alac's casino knight tonight!  7pm in the lcc--play some poker, win some chocolate poker chips, have a <propmale> at free and awesome prizes, and of course free food and link loot!  should be a blast!"
transient
"sorry, canada!  time for some fresh ice and ot!!!"
canadaaarrrggghhh 
"is such a sap, and is glad that catriona <propfemale> may doan finally got to light her part of the olympic cauldron "
argh 
"loveydovey <propfirst> <propfirst>, gnawing on nostalgic hooey--is it all one big booby-trapping all our minds? away, away, there is a prison where pathos paves a dull incision   i'd rather root canal a vision and undermine the grind   i'll find my way around it   "
"lorsque je vous vois, je tressaille   c'est <propfemale> <propfemale> et c'est mon souci "
missed the boat 
sb ? spring break   sb = sick bed 
has a cappella on the brain (naturally)   he also wonders if he can set a personal speed record with this arrangement and still be content with it 
haha   whichever crescendude ends up with this rhythmic guitar line is going to despise me!  ;p  happily plugging away 4 measures at a time   
who wants to celebrate pi day with me this sunday?
"eek   is an audition in middleton, massachusetts in these coming weeks feasible?"
is going to massachusetts a week from tomorrow!
oy   where are my pi day peeps?  we've got like 59 minutes to rendezvous 
pi day + pokémon = pikémon day!
has never had a pandora com station get it so wrong--wonder why the 'genome' picked less prevalent traits 
is mentally distracted and diverted 
scrabble slam!
insomnia insomuch that somnambulating smears into insomnambulating inasmuch as somber sophism insists
thinks he's going to boston 
"yesterday: i had a 1-on-1 improv jam session with <propfirst> mcferrin (he sang, i danced) which ended in deafening applause from the patrons of the sold-out boston symphony orchestra symphony hall   unbridled and blistering happiness   easily one of the best days of my life "
"is done with a weekend of a cappella recording!  after two straight aca-intense weekends, the school week seems kind of mundane "
"<propfemale> winners were announced! and no, that's not an april fool's!"
"took a stray <propfemale> that floated into his head at 11pm and finished composing a song around it at 4am   it's his first completed original composition   it's simple, short, and silly, but it's also a viable marketing tool which he predicts will be lucrative in the following weeks   awesome feeling "
is awake after napping since 9 smile 0 and is not sure if he should try to sleep again or go venture into the world for food 
"does anyone have a video camera he can borrow?  if not, maybe a webcam and a usb microphone?"
"*if anyone has an e playful erience as an usher golf-cart driver for the ucf theatre department, is available tomorrow night at 7pm, and is willing to do me an immense favor, please contact me as soon as possible *"
is paying $15 for one hour of easy work tonight at 7pm   you must have e playful erience as an usher for the ucf theatre department and have worked with <propfemale> rahman   ushers trained to use the golf-carts are preferred 
"aquaticappella fest! is tonight!!! 7pm in eng2 102, $3 for students and $5 for adults   with 4 a cappella groups and a special guest artist performance, this is the biggest a cappella concert ucf has ever seen!"
"is so proud of gemini blvd , keyharmony, and so noted, and is disgustingly proud of his crescendudes!  that was by far the best concert cac has ever put on!  <propmale> thanks to makeshift as well for making the night even more special!"
are there really no videos of the crescendudes from the concert? seriously?
is compulsively checking his email 
", though he did not win ra survivor, is proud to have survived un-clipped!"
is officially interning with overboard this summer!  ;lkdjfoieasdewnbwnwflknsdo a summer of professional bostonian a cappellaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!  what is this nonsense?!
"mr  donne: no man is an island because man is too concretely corporeal to abide by a self-prescriptive metaphor for any worthwhile amount of time, not because of collectivist optimism that creates a rapport with communal mortality   man is not an island, but man sure can be insular "
is on the campaign trail!  you should vote for crescendudes to win the i love ucf contest!
wants to thank everybody who already voted for the crescendudes!  the poll is currently closed because there are investigations into an unseemly amount of false-votes   i'll keep you all updated as things progress!
really wishes he could have been at the icca finals last night to see socal vocals take down another championship title 
"is broadcasting that there's less than 24 hours left to vote for crescendudes to win the i love ucf contest! keep up the support floridian voters, we're almost there!"
less than 5 hours left!  keep voting for the crescendudes to win!  http annoyed  www ucfsga com ?p=poll
"profusely thanks everybody who supported the crescendudes in their quest to win the i love ucf contest!  though the poll ended on wednesday, we are still waiting to hear the official results   no matter the outcome, thanks again to all our family, friends, and supporters!"
still on campus?  come to gemini blvd  presents: a cappella extravaganza! 7pm @ brooklyn pizza in ferrell commons--what better way to end the semester than an evening of a cappella?
sickness singing for the loss
dislikes moving 
"has very infrequent access to the internet right now   if you need him, give him a call text!"
"enjoys driving through oviedo  why? while waiting at a red light, a chicken literally crossed the road in front of his car   why?  he's not sure "
"has a lot of people he needs to see before leaving next saturday for boston, and is running out of time!  will be out of town on wednesday and thursday (and potentially tuesday?)   drop me a line here, since i am currently unsure of my phone charger's whereabouts amongst all my packed stuff   "
tomorrow: flying to boston for my internship   sunday: first gig!  let the aca-summer commence!
"if you're going to be in boston in june and i haven't already invited you, let me know so that i can invite you to acapocalypse 2010!  with overboard, duwende, five o'clock shadow, and mr  <propmale>, this show will blow you away!"
gig #2
"hey, there's a humanitarian chain-status-thing circulating   i can support benevolence \\if you \like\"" this status", i will post on your wall something i like about you  make this your status if you want a challenge \4a774ca406977b32f9a15e28cdd19110,"madrox is easily one of the roundest characters in super-hero comics that i've come across   the x-factor revamp has some meh arcs, but overall is extremely good "
made tofu stir-fried in soy sauce and sesame oil with sugar-snap peas and brown rice for lunch   yummm 
the thought of poetry has kept me awake
acapocalypse 2010 tonight!
is there another dumb submarine?
did everybody say what a good day that it was for everybody who said what a good day that it was?
is scoping out a huge amount of quirky and or raucous guy-centric bands in preparation for his return to the 'dudes 
"in soviet russia, independence celebrates you!"
"probably the last to see it, but google's logo today is an interactive patriotic rube goldberg machine!  that's just nifty "
"my feet don't glide like they did back then, when i would call you up so we could shoot the moon--these days i'm left to howl in tune "
whoa   rarb and casa integrated   whoa 
crunchy carrots and crunchy chords
"red quinoa + portabella + black beans = very tasty, highly nutritive, but just a degree shy of being too <propmale> and earthy "
", on this last day of the world cup, got to sing the national anthem (with overboard) for the boston breakers (boston's team in the women's professional soccer league) and watch their victorious game against the atlanta beat thereafter   couldn't help but think of the awesome <propfemale> martinez!"
rip <propmale> pekar 
"there once was a trip to nantucket\(to which overboard ferried by bucket);\though the bucket's a joke,\the same can be spoke\of the infamous man from nantucket "
"nantucket was a blast, topped off by seeing hyannis sound for the first time   now back in the world of internet connection and beds "
"overheard at a marriott suites this morning: \it's cheering poop!  it smells like poop!  it must be cheerleader poop!\"""""
is a week's worth of enervation 
"if we were honest and both wrote a sonnet together (a sandwich with everything on it), at least we would know that the sparks didn't glow, but we owe it to ourselves to try so we aim and ignite "
hm   a failed escape artist with a penchant for segways   i am now convinced that <propfirst> bieber is actually gob bluth   a horribly disfigured and or time-travelling gob bluth 
does not have a working phone until his charger comes in the mail   email facebook if you need anything 
[still no phone]   been slaving over a hot finale for the past few days   phew!
is averaging a finished arrangement every other day!  hope to keep this pace at least until i fly back on sunday 
ugh   why does finale's playback have to be glitchy?  finale may be asking me to give it a breather   
just came back from his last overboard gig   saaaaaaad 
in this vichyssoise   such a vichyssoise 
"i am totally floored by how many people wished me a happy birthday   i am truly, truly appreciative, and it was a happy day indeed   on to the individual responses!"
discovered his go-to spot for hacky sacking at night 
has got the keys to make himself a caravan to mars 
fingerpaint ocelot
residents!
<propfemale> mihi pacem
why is ucf telling me its name when pronounced backwards and phonetically?
loves cac!
"needs companions to see the following movies: toy story 3, <propfirst> pilgrim, and inception "
quick everybody: what's your favorite blog on the net (that has some practical and informative application)?
room reservations!  auditions are good to go 
day 2 of auditions!
? are you just worried to see me? ?
new crescendudes!
"whoa, it's a good day to be a <propfemale>! happy birthday to two great gals, <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfemale> sagardia!"
it fills my head up and gets louder
is there no middle ground between inundation and insulation?
"ugh   \manspeak\"" and \""womanspeak \""  these buzz words seem counter-productive and overly typifying to me """
worn out in juarez
decorating the office   with the office?  <propfirst> gets a little <propfemale> (and a little third-person) when sleep deprived 
bored
still needs to brawl <propfirst> <propmale> reilova   
malaise
the gents of overboard continue to be the coolest cats in a cappella   reason 375: free track tuesday   you're missing out if you don't take advantage of this weekly awesomeness 
"it's the end of the world, la da di da da da da da   i'm innocent, i'm innocent--keep me out of this, keep me out of this, keep me out of this, keep me out of this "
"crescendudes make me so happy proud excited despite these malaise days   also, <propfirst> vastola is a praiseworthy and upstanding gentleman "
"'s inner french hornist is very unhappy, apparently   his dream last night ended with him holding a horn that was significantly rusted over, mournfully unfolding the <propfemale> that was as brittle as aluminum and bent in 50 ways "
"these are the days of static impuissance   where is the substance, the candor, the <propfemale> of being?"
fornicate this
capitalism was never meant to be an educator 
the first of many oncoming blows   let it go with dignity 
so   anyone want to go on an excursion to lake <propfirst> tomorrow?  i'll buy you lunch!
they're going to love my baby tonight when they're under the spotlahdahdeedee
is the blue-tape bandito 
"ahhh   the new jukebox album is so very good   good luck, other musicians, getting any playtime in my headphones for the foreseeable future "
effin' awesome rehearsal with the 'dudes 
"on joue, on plonge"
doesn't remember anything about his dream last night except that there was some focus on french grammar   geez   
"is gay   shock or lackthereof ensues, as does life   happy national coming out day, everyone "
"holy crap, people are awesome   yes, that's you "
any crescendudes want to come with me to the party tonight?
"thinks the crescendudes should do something fun tonight (i e , after 4:45pm)   volleyball?  food?  hijinx and calamity?  hit me up!"
i am so relieved that my french debate is over   
so let us create what we need each other to be
can we please abolish the perfunctory
wants to have real dialogue 
is without phone until tomorrow afternoon at the earliest 
so   anyone want to take me to the golf channel station tomorrow (downtown-ish <propmale>)?  need to get my phone from mom   i will buy you lunch!
"come see the crescendudes perform today at 3:15 on the free speech lawn between the library and map!  or, come to the crescendudes performance at tent city tomorrow at memory mall!"
"proud of the 'dudes, as usual "
"sojam was simply excellent   much love to the a cappella community, to reunions, to cac, and especially to the 'dudes "
"is doing research into purchasing a loop pedal (for use in solo live vocal performance)  right now i'm favoring the digitech jamman over the boss rc-20xl   gearheads, what else do i need for a set-up?  trying to keep it small and relatively ine playful ensive   obviously need a mic (probly shure sm5 smile  and a main   and i assume a monitor?  is a soundboard necessary if i'm just going straight pedal?"
"strolled around in a crisp 57° while singing copiously, communing with raccoons, playing hacky sack, and dancing barefoot until being spotted by the popo, at which point i offered a friendly wave and a 'hello, sir' before returning to my room   i love late night excursions across a deserted ucf campus   anyone want to join next time?"
"so   i composed an original song   in french   currently practicing it since i am not accustomed to being proficient at the keyboard, but it still is a nice feeling   makes me want to churn out more "
you need to come to contemporary a cappella at ucf's winter concert today in hec 125 at 6pm   end of story 
u   c   f   knights  u  c  f  knights  gooooooo knights 
so   someone needs to go with me to the fun  concert this thursday at the social   tickets are like $15 
"is apparently poisonous to sing-off groups, haha "
"j’ai bavardé avec <propmale> quatre cavaliers   je n’ai demandé pas leurs noms, mais j’ai offert <propmale> avoines aux leurs chevaux   ils avaient l’air de plein de regrets, mais leur démarche était <propfemale> miracle intransigeant   on a chanté des beaux mensonges, mais après ça ils me sont partis simplement "
is a fool for a lonesome train 
"is anyone going to the fun concert tonight at the social (7pm) and willing able to give me a ride?  or, for anyone not going, can i bribe you into being my ride for the evening?  seriously, i am willing to part with some money for a chauffeur this evening "
is getting a big group of people to go see <propmale> potter 7 tonight at regal (in waterford) at 7:40pm   we'll most likely get dinner beforehand and <propfemale> out afterwards   let me know if you're interested in any part of the festivities!
ain't never seen nobody turn errands into <propmale>; that frumpy chinese girl sure pulls a mean green c<propmale>!
