06c080dac9cb7ea25fbfac01ea9062cc
is doing well!  time to start running again 
i'm so ready to get out of town!
"woo! just have to get through work today and then it's mccall, booze, fireworks, and fun!"
ha ha!  everything really is bigger in texas!
just got back picking huckleberries in mccall!!!  they look so tasty!
5 shifts of retail left 
4 shifts of retail left 
2 shifts of retail left 
only my last shift of retail ever!!!     words cannot describe     how i feel 
"- now i shall i take a temporary position until september 1 as president of club unemployment   my duties shall include but are not limited to sleeping in late (and i mean late), lazily finish packing, and finish the book zac lent me at the start of summer (wow i have a degree and it's taken me 3 months to read 1 book    ) "
packing is almost done!  i've never felt so well prepared before    wink 
everyone my new number is 1-979-571-5562   which has changed from 1-208-249-5564   please update your phone books or you will not be able to contact me  thanks 
"well we have made it into texas!  we saw a really cool thunder storm on the way!!!  i have to say though this 3-day drive is long and boring, but it's better than flying "
we made it to college station with no problems!!!  now it's time to setup my apartment!
"well     in true chown style the apartment has yet to be fully furnished, we are at least $500 over budget, and i couldn't be happier for what is to come!  how fortunate to have things like student loans!  wink "
my apartment is coming along well!  i am unfortunately still not done furnishing it     these people down here just don't seem to get that neither farm house nor chantilly lace are ideas that will ever enter my home   fortunately i have pier 1 and world market - now all i need is to start working and making money 
yeah!  finally got internet installed!  also on a random note     softened water really is amazing   if you do not currently have i recommend getting it 
well i met the department and found out that i'm in the stronger group of new grad students   i may get to skip taking a few classes and start the ph d  track earlier getting me out in 4 to 5 years   makes me feel kinda special!  my office mates seem really cool (all of us are road mtn bikers) so we are going to have a lot of fun!!!
"gees advising really sucks here    i didn't get any emails for registering for classes or financial aid distributions or any other type of communication   you would think for $11k a year in tuition we could get a little help!  i had to call everyone and nail it down myself, and the people in the department aren't very helpful right now since everyone's so busy with admin bullshit    i'm so frustrated "
is good   only two more somewhat required events to go to and then the weekend!
has decided to go running at lick creek park tomorrow!  it's huge like a nature reserve or some state park  i can't wait!!!
"yay!  i'm essentially retaking m462 562, and i've got to say it might not be as much of a nightmare this time around   wink   other classes should be a steal   with some luck i think i'll get a 4 0 this semester "
i'm goin' out!!!  so excited!
wow and i thought boise's roads sucked   college station has two 505 addresses on university drive and their in two opposite ends of town; and to top it all off i forgot my phone and had to come home to get it    > indecision 
woo!  no stat 610 homework this weekend   only some super fun reading of statistics and data analysis! * laugh *
"coffee, bacon, eggs, and gossip   a very hearty breakfast indeed "
watching my way through the 1st season of 30 rock   this has to be the best show ever made!  i mean really a show about a show surrounding <propfirst> <propfirst>    ?  what!?  genius!
"30 rock, food, 30 rock, latex, 30 rock, bedtime"
"omg! <propfirst> totally kicked my ass running   good work friend, but you watch out i'll get back in shape in no time and there's only so much road    (lol)  wink "
woo hoo!  the weekend is finally here!  time for some good running and good rest 
ahh!  the weekend is here and time for some running 
"finally went running in lick creek park - it's amazing! a deer ran across the trail about 50 yds in front of me, the trees are dense enough to block out traffic noise toward the edges of the park, and it's just a really beautiful place to run   i'll send pics when i get a digital camera "
"made gf banana bread!  <propfemale> tasty!  and the my digital camera is in and ready for pick up, and wells fargo fraud prevention called me to verify the purchase   this is the best day ever!"
\\begin{weekend} \\begin{itemize} \\item work on 604 hw \\item go to bbq and have a great time \\end{itemize} \\end{weekend}
well <propfemale> passed away this morning     and even though i was prepared for it i am saddened by her departure 
ugh    got sick running in the rain yesterday   boo on my immune system   boo i say!
yay a pause in studying!  and when i get home    more studying!!!
"ahh, 610 cheat sheet is 50% complete!  looks like i should be able to get all theorems, definitions, and some distributions "
"thanks to the international student sitting behind me in 641 i have what i loving call the asian plague, or for its more pc title fcku "
go go gadget exam!
ahh the weekend is here!  i just finished watching transformers 2 and very happy i opted not to see it in theatres 
is feeling better after getting an email that will increase my last exam score in 641   stupid multiple choice   
"can't wait for the weekend to start!!!  i download the x-men cartoon series to watch in between outlining chapters 3 and 4 for stat 610, and i'm going to go running again for the first time in almost two weeks - stupid plague!"
well     it's monday 
i slept through my alarm today        wow i am not in a good mood 
is wondering where the wild things are 
ugh   friday's are always <propfemale> hard to get through   eventually i'll learn drinking on thursday nights may not be a good idea 
"ahh! the weekend is here with good weather, good health, hopefully good running, and a new outfit from br!"
to my wild side:  rawrrr   
is thinking it is time to cut way back on coffee 
is really excited to go to northgate and celebrate halloween!
oh my    i am paying for last night for sure   i haven't been this <propmale> over in a long time   go go gadget vitamin b!
"wow     i just watch pres  obama's speach at the hrc <propfemale> on you tube, and now i'm wondering why comments weren't disabled   there are so many stupid people out there - like someone actually believed that the equal rights movement for glbt's would lead to legal protection of bestiality     all i have to say is \i'm speachless \"""""
"had a great time in waco, tx, of all places today - <propfirst> (stat dep) and i went mtn biking   forgot the camera again!  i think i need a life coach "
is seriously worried about the test tomorrow   multiple choice is the bane of my existence!
"well now i can breathe in and out again   exam went okay and i was asked to continue working for the distance program in the spring and summer   overall, it has been a bipolar morning leading to a pleasant afternoon "
is wondering why <propfemale> palin is so crazy 
"was browsing mininova for a movie to watch tonight     the feature presentation, <propmale> goonies! (lol - dr  wang shall be known from this day forth as 'data')"
"gees what is wrong the world?  a gay kid gets brutally murdered in puerto <propmale>, and a teacher threatens a gay student at his school   and to top it all off dr  wang (data) totally rocked our world with his exam today   any thoughts on any of this anyone?"
"just had his first egg nog latte for the season   mmm, i love the holidays!"
it's time for some pumpkin pie 
"well <propfemale> came over and had an early thanksgiving dinner with me, and it was great!  i miss dinner parties     time to start planning!"
after realizing that i used two thirds of a stick of butter in just my pumpkin pie i have committed myself to running twice a day   at least until this fatty food is eaten   smile   i  love  holidays 
yay!  i get almost a full month of boise time!!!
"hmm, so i updated my os and yahoo! themes to wintery but the temp outside is 71 f   did i miss something about it being almost f-ing december?  maybe this is what is wrong with the south - no snow to bring winter cheer  (^^,)"
the end is almost here!  i can see it!  i can see it!!
actually just realized that it will be cheaper for me to fly home than to drive   thanks parents for extending the vehicle trade to spring!
i would like to say 'thank you' to dr  speed and <propfirst> for donating on my behalf to ms society for the ride   i can't wait for it come and i won't you guys down!
is starting to feel sassy!
can't wait to get these finals over with   
"hmm, sas test tomorrow and 610 on friday     oddly, i'm not worried about either of them "
is gearing up for 610!  is it a bad thing that i always imagine dr wang saying 'i got a great idea you guys   slick shoes!'
"oddly enough i'm not very tired, and i don't mind staying up late this friday night "
is finding it really hard to start moving this morning     stupid waking up at 5 am - why do finals have to be at 8 am!?  it's insane!
"made it back to boise in one piece and is totally freakin out over the excitment of seeing everyone just like a fat kid in <propfemale> store! (^^,)"
yay! christmas party tomorrow night!!
yay!  back from mccall and in town for two more weeks!
happy new year everyone!!!  sorry if i couldn't make it to see you when i was in idaho - we got snowed in at the cabin     wish me luck and a safe voyage to <propfemale>!   laugh 
is still weirded out that mom and dad have a housekeeper 
ugh    for some reason i woke up dizzy and i'm still dizzy   
i am feeling so much better today!  yesterday was just weird - let that never happen again 
"is totally excited to return to college station, and for a new set of adventures to begin   movie night here we come!"
it's off to the post office to ship back x-mas gifts and then back home to pack for the voyage home!  smile  p s  boiseans - if i didn't see you over break text or call me so we can get together before i go otherwise i will see you in 5 months!!!
so for the last dinner before i parted ways with the fam we went to texas road house   so cliche i love it!  smile 
is back in cs!  thanks <propfemale> for picking me up at the airport!  smile 
must go running today   must go running today   must go running today   there i typed it three times fast now it should happen for sure!  smile 
i'm so excited for my cold wet running gear to arrive!  rain: fear me!
just spent the whole night playing chrono trigger with my psx to usb controller converter   it was amazing!
is going to for a short run - thank goodness!
went for a 6 5mi run to break in the new shoes - so far only two rub spots that might blister   i  love  new running shoes!
well i'm beyond the 'office plague' and now i don't really have any more good excuses to not go running   so here i go!
wow here's to jumping the gun - i am ready for sushi thinking it's ally's b-day party   anyone up for some chopped up fish?
so tonight i found out wii bowling was a good estimator of my real bowling skill  lol! 38!!  we had better keep going bowling my work is cut out for me 
just watched last year's super bowl commercials!  i'm ready!  i'm ready! i'm ready!  for some football!!!
just got back from halo - not as good as i had hoped     oh well there's still northgate 
"well, 12 5 hours of studying today and still more homework to go before i can concentrate on exams     thanks to everybody who made the last 5 hours of it fun!  t-minus 10 days until we are again free from exams and worry! i  love  grad school!!!"
ah the weekend!
8a to 11p today   15 hours!  a new record!!!  this time we almost got everything done which means i'll have time to cram for 608 and 611 exams   smile 
does this make sense to you?  given the model: data given lambda follows a poisson distribution with parameter lambda (of course) and lamda follows an e playful onential distribution with parameter beta (a known value)   determine the mle of beta 
"hmm, to go to the sas conference in seattle or not to go?  that is the question "
"argh! i was going to declare today to be <propmale> erikson day, but aparently that is reserved for oct 9th     and there is no estranged holiday today so happy black history month!"
just got back from a great run!  i think the halfy on sunday is going be okay   i'm still going to shoot for 1:45!
my normals mixed better than your normals 
well i'm not sure what was worse - the doctor's visit or the pharmacy visit   both felt like a 611 exam 
well today is going much better than yesterday!  smile 
it feels so good to not be in class this morning!   laugh 
"hmm, wells fargo fraud prevention services just called     aparantly i've been buying music from apple?  i hate apple!  thank you wells fargo!!"
"ah, race day!  laugh "
woo!  i averaged 8 <propfemale> and 7 sec <propmale> in the race today!!!  got near my goal time too!  and of course i want to give a true farmer's 'whoop!' to <propfirst> for his excellent performance this morning!  smile 
can't wait for the movie tonight!!!
had a great time in the texas country with <propfemale>!  thanks again!   smile 
is enjoying spring break!  time to bbq!!!
if i were to kill someone for stealing my identity would that be considered suicide?
haha!  it's 2a and i finally figured out this weird linux xvid divx converter software   apparently 120% is this new complete!
oh spring break i will miss you   
i propose the cool kids club starts up blocker nights - where we group together from 5p to whenever we finish studying and people can come and go as their schedules allow   sound like a plan?
yay!  conference!!!
awesome my directv is on the <propmale> so now its good ol' <propfemale> ears   regular tv is so bad it's depressing   
well after a very frustrating 611 assignment we decided that it was time to go to office hours and get help   why oh why didn't i do this sooner?  the problems actually made sense afterward - poulo we might be on to something!!!
"hmm, i finally have a night free from school and all i'm doing is laundry; oh wait, i get to go to the store <propfemale> exciting   "
"it's sister week!!!!! if you have a sister who makes your life interesting and fun, is a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living by being around, copy and paste this to your status!!!    i have the bestest sisters smile   smile "
"oh yes!  another weekend of 611   on the menu is crlb calculation, umvues and mles, best asymptotically normal, asymptotic distributions, and of course 'the <propfemale> method'     when is this semester over?  wink "
is totally <propfemale> struck - just saw <propfirst> hawking on campus!!!
almost to seattle - only two days and a 611 exam away!  it's in the bag!
exam over!!! now it is time to pack!
conference is not going as well as i had hoped     businesses here are doing two things - looking to hire people already 'in the field' and trying to sell something   why did i come to this thing again?
all is well again!  back in cs  smile 
"hmm, the only thing i've accomplished today is deciding on a netbook to buy "
yay!  weekend!!!
"ah yet another day in the department of statistics: trying to stay awake during morning lecture, working on homework, and sitting in 611 thinking 'it's like he's trying to tell me something i know it!' let the good times roll!"
hmm     no homework and reading is pretty well caught up   what to do?
"ha ha ha!  i tried to make my 8a class and instead got out of the shower at 8a!  why am i not surprised?!  oh well, no more early morning classes after tuesday!"
went apartment shopping with poulami barman - i'm so excited for her and her fiance! (i don't want to butcher his name on fb like i did with <propmale>'s)
man down!  man down!  we have wounded here!
oh finals why are you so two-faced?
only 1 more final left   smile 
semester = over!  made some friends and lost some friends   all in all an incredible journey 
"in the words of a living legend 'mama, i'm coming home'"
so nice to be at home again   not a care in the world 
well treasure valley thanks for a good time - i left some gas money on the dresser   
"hm, classes have started without me   so to make up for my selfishness of going home to see my sister graduate i get to stay in all weekend and do a lot of homework   keep in mind the official start of summer term is on tuesday (yes future tuesday)   "
even though it was a breathless start the summer session hasn't been that bad so far   time to go back to running!  laugh 
"dang today was weird   appartment was getting its pest control makeover making me late to the office, but then i got more work done than i e playful ected   everyone was in a good mood and things were going great even with gloom and doom weather   then as i made a favorite for dinner (breakfast) i broke a plate   what is going on?"
"haha today was one of those days where i'd write something down thinking 'yep, that's what i want to say' only to come back to it later saying to myself 'wtf was i thinking?' "
is wondering why the government is tolerating bp for not allowing the flow rate of oil into the gulf to measured with instruments   instead they would rather we use video tape?  really?!
"well it's 94 with 51% humidity, <propfemale>, and a good day!"
"well <propfemale>'s new apartment is totally something to envy   new appliances, tile backsplash, sandstone tile floors (large tile too!) and there is an upstairs living area seperate from the downstairs area - kinda like <propfemale> <propmale>'s place   very nice   well done!"
"hmm, test tomorrow   "
thanks for the good vibes everyone!  test was a breeze!  smile 
just finished ffix!  such a good game - they don't make 'em like they used to!
yay!  2 for 2 tests i feel so confident about!  take that graduate school!  lol!
haha i just got home and i'm running the ac and have the windows open   sounds totally crazy right?!  but it was 90+ degrees in the apartment when i walked in and only like 80's outside - the curse of an upper level apartment 
excellent!  assignment from hell is almost complete!  only 4 more things to do on it before handing it in tomorrow 
yay!  helping poulo with analysis is really bringing back my skills   now if i could just get arithmetic down   
awesome!  picnic at lake somerville!
is totally excited for movie night tonight!  and we finally have some cooler weather coming in!!!
what's this?  another movie night?!  oh *puts hand over mouth*
just saw the a-team   not bad     not bad at all   i'll probably buy this one when it hits the shelves 
going to see <propfemale> tomorrow!  yay!  laugh 
i love it when exams are coming up!  the profs actually lighten up reins enough to breath!  no 626 assignment for two weeks!  and 659 has only 11 problems!!  yes - that is still a lot especially since i don't even have to look them to know they will all say 'interpret '  but gotta take 'em we get 'em 
"i \love it when exams are coming up!  the profs actually lighten up reins \enough to breath!  no 626 assignment for two weeks!  and 659 has only 11\ problems!!  yes - that is still a lot especially since i don't even \have to look them to know they will all say 'interpret '  but gotta take\ 'em as we get 'em "
i just realized that after this week there are only two more weeks of summer classes!  thank you lucky stars for at least trying to shine   smile 
i r tired
ya!  tests over with for two more weeks!  now just need to finish up the 31 problems of 659 and that f-ing class will be behind me   wink 
just encountered a 'film'   it has been so long i forgot what a good theater e playful erience was   thank you 'inception'!
hm a night of nothing   excellent!   smile 
ahh!  just one more 659 assignment   counting down the problems has really helped my nerves with these rediculous assignments 
ya!  road trip and <propfemale> dance!!  best weekend ever!!!
"i'm addicted to coffee   more specificially, starbucks "
today seems somewhat bittersweet   last day of master's level classes   i'm both excited and worried   smile 
the last place i thought i could eat at was <propfemale> garden   after half an hour of driving around <propmale> to find out places were closed we ended up there and my food was pretty good   thank you poulami!  shuvo jonmodin!
gees dl is 'long'-winded   i've condensed about 500 pages of 641 notes into roughly 4 pages (front and back) of real notes   when did i become a history <propmale> like <propfirst> tankersley?  wink 
enjoying npr on a day off of studying   good luck your finals <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> and poulami barman!
yay! study!
awesome!  diagnostic is tomorrow   wink 
ya! summer break begins now!  10 days of 'i don't care about statistics' begins now   wink 
i feel so out of touch     every time i see an issue in the american media i think to myself 'why are we so self involved' or 'how is this going to further our society'   anyone else thinking the same as of late?
made apple crisp   yum     smile 
good news!  looks like the weather will come down to around 90 this weekend!   smile   time to go running!
semester starts on monday   last weekend of freedom!
is annoyed that fb has informed me that profile boxes from applications will no longer be supported     i don't care about apps i only care about the result of a one-time use of those apps   wink 
"hmm, i should be working right now but 4 hours of sleep says 'fb is more fun' "
yes!!!  one more step towards a ph d    laugh 
 smile  yay for clean laundry!  smile 
gawd will this day end!  where's my cocktail!!
awesome! weekend!!
all i will accomplish today is drinking of coffee and watching of tv   laugh 
oh cruel world why must you take my weekends from me   it's back to the prison yard - i mean blocker   to make license plates - i mean 648 homework   wink 
yay!  <propfemale> in january!!
why is it that every time i think i'm catching up i realizing i'm further behind?
well     blocker nights are back!  come one come all - study 'till you drop   playful 
   
"hmm, well the laptop met with its untimely end today   rip hpq     the times were good even if short lived "
hmm     it's national coming out day and all i can think about is choosing an area to focus my doctoral work in     this sucks - i want it all!
work    more work     and now i have to hoodwink ogs into thinking i'm getting a masters only to petition (quite successfully) to move to a phd without the masters mere weeks later so i can sign up for classes in the spring   why after all of the bs we have to do in courses is this silly movement of paperwork so difficult?
aw!  kinji!!!  please don't go - jobs are for for the bourge!
"hmm, tired   to study for the 612 disaster or just ride out the storm?  you decide   wink "
work almost done! yay only a 10 hour day today!
ocktoberfest!
"hello and goodbye for the week   614 exam on thursday, 612 homework assignment (he wants us to work alone), and 648 assignment to start   i'll resurface around saturday or sunday   ttfn, -j"
ha ha ha!  so i stopped going on fb for the past 4 or 5 days to keep myself from wasting time   what do i do the minute i get back on?  read some insane article trijya posted and proceed to comment = 1 more hour of my life lost to fb   smile 
in an odd turn of events i will do the master's after all   i still don't know why our department hates ogs so much - the fact that i can pick and choose which classes get applied to which degree is enough for me to send a  love  to ogs 
dst!!!  which means it is still morning and i don't have to feel guilty for getting up only 30 minutes ago    smile 
"mmm, lazy day   only need to get the car and my license moved over to texas   then the transformation will be complete    wink "
"hmm, parents came une playful ectedly early     where was cst when i needed it!?"
weekend!  smile 
thinking about making bread   sounds like a good idea to me!
tonight i heard that <propmale> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> damme were our ambassadors to the world - that people actually form their idea of <propfemale> from these movies   
i have thanksgiving all planned out!  soon something amazing is going to happen   wink 
yes!  thanksgiving is here!  let the feasting begin!!
"hmm, looking at artwork really makes my bowls want to move   "
what's on my mind     614 final   my pitch for the 4 hour exam was well received (i think he wanted to do this initially) but was ultimately defeated due to a lack of having another class to discuss it     so now i have to become fast at measure theory - this is not good 
is trying to find the anime with the loch ness monster as a character in it   if you know what i'm talking about please comment - it is the one with where the kid befriends the baby monster whom gets separated from the herd and his dad is a <propfemale> biologist for the government and they live on a chain of islands near japan     haven't watched this since japanese class but <propmale>'s picture of totoro reminded me of it    smile 
i found it!  the movie was named coo - ahh memories of japanese class   
just had terrible ceviche from ninfas     i probably would not recommend that restaurant to anyone 
well     614 final in the morning     good night!
things i must accomplish today include running and studying   i hope i can harness up some good old fashion rage to focus me for 612 - i want an 'a' in that class for reasons i won't say over fb    smile 
hmm     test tomorrow   just gotta pull through today and tomorrow!  then it's beer-thirty with the 'mean girls'!   laugh 
semester is over finals went well   got drunk with friends   time to go home!   smile 
back in boise!!!
woo!  mccall!!!
had a fabulous time in north bengal and went on an indian safari!   laugh 
<propfemale> = moustache
help me!  poulami told her mom i was losing weight since coming to <propfemale> 
well we made it to dehli     never let a man book a hotel   wink 
back in kolkata!  i fly back to us in a couple days     i will miss <propfemale> 
boo!  leaving <propfemale>     and for what!?  blocker!?  life is so unfair   
made it back safely to cs!   laugh 
first day back!  am i ready?
yay!  so the semester is off to a good start - been running and out of blocker before 5p   take that statistics!!!
gawd editing photos takes forever     hope all this effort is worth it!
done with round 1 of photo editing   506 images of <propfemale> - time for a break!  now on to taxes 
ahh! there is nothing quite like tipsy driving on icy roads   i miss the northwest    wink 
i'm so disappointed today     i checked the pronunciation of molasses and <propfirst> kennedy was right - it's mo-la-sez   it still sounds so strange to me     like i'm stuck in a western movie 
"breakfast was awesome this morning - eggs, toast and coffee   that's all, <propfemale> on with your day!   wink "
graduate student wine tasting last night     wow i'm feeling it this morning 
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!   smile 
oh no!  got 3 hours of sleep last night   620 homework due by 220p - i must finish!
feeling better today - good thing too since i have a research meeting   wink 
<propfirst> dawkins is probably the coolest person alive 
whew!  it's 81 outside and <propfemale>   i guess that means - running!!!
 sad 
ugh!  my card information got stolen again!!!  wtf - this time it was my debit card     what a pain in the ass!
somehow the day is beginning 
whew!  just when i thought i might have to come in early tomorrow - the last 620 problem fell to my will!  hahahaha!!!
alright 613 your goin' down!
happy birthday shahina - that was such a great party!!!
whoa!  too much food at polo's place - time to sleep   smile 
"'notha dolla, 'notha day"
oh balls    620 exam   sad 
yes!  spring break is here!!!
mexican food before running - never again!
alright family dad called me this morning and i'm still waiting to hear from the rest of you   you have less than 8 hours left before i call you - and that won't be pretty 
"hmm, so apparently my dad doesn't know how to put fans in a computer    i reversed one and properly connected another and now my masters project is underway!  without causing overheating   wink "
awesome!  got my simulation working and beat snes <propfemale> with all heart pieces   overall an awesome day!  laugh 
well i went to chuy's and had the healthiest mexican food i've ever had   thankfully our hot night manager is a celiac and guided me throw the menu to avoid gluten   more restaurants need this - a hot celiac to help me choose what to eat   laugh 
hmm    all i've been able to accomplish today is drinking coffee and losing at cards   prospects for doing real work today: grim 
time to bake!  smile 
is everyone going conservative on me?  i look around and think to myself 'this just can't be happening   '
well the new firefox is awesome! pretty much they made it what chrome wanted to be   smile 
ah!  time for the week to begin!  first things first - hunt down my paycheck 
