9b28ccc707f604c5539369727dc592e6
happy new year! may it be a lot better than the last one
absolutely loves classical music
headed to a guitar lesson  were off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of oz   lol just kidding  i cant let you think im completely crazy  wait-maybe i am lol 
"\its a damn cold night trying to figure out this life wont you take me by the hand take me somewhere new i dont know who you are but i    im with you\"""""
"\if a man could be two places at one time i'd be with you tomarrow and today\"""""
"\help! i need somebody help! not just anybody help! you know i need someone\"""""
damnit! why cant i sleep?
riverton is gonna beat east at sate!!! (i hope  if i have to go through all of that work we better get 1st place  smile  )
"\i'd lie for you and thats the truth\"""""
yes! concert band begins tomorrow! i cant wait! all state here i come!
"to isengard!though isengard be ringed and barred with doors of stone; through isengard be strong and hard,as cold as stone and bare as bone, we go,we go,we go to war,to hew the stone and break the door; for bole and bough are are burning now,the furnace roars-we go to war! to land of glood with tramp of doom,with roll of drum,we come,we come; to isengard with doom we come! with doom we come, with doom we come!"
"ere iron was found or tree was hewn, when young was mountian under <propfemale>; ere ring was made, or wrought was woe, it walked the forests long ago "
all state auditions are killing me       makes me angry
anger      is it a good thing or a bad thing? generally speaking
ahhhh!!! why do i have to play piccolo??  sad  -sigh-
is suffering from a severe pain in his right ear  conclution: the piccolo is bad for your ear's health  result: need earplugs to practice piccolo 
closed off from love i didn't need the pain once or twice was enough and it was all in vain time starts to pass before you know it you're frozen but something happened for the very first time with you my heart melts into the ground found something true and everyone's looking round thinking i'm going crazy
"it's not a silly little moment, it's not the storm before the calm  this is the deep and dying breath of this love that we've been working on  can't seem to hold you like i want to so i can feel you in my arms  nobody's gonna come and save you, we pulled too many false alarms  we're going down, and you can see it too  we're going down, and you know that we're doomed  my dear, we're slow dancing in a burning room "
"would you know my name  if i saw you in heaven  will it be the same  if i saw you in heaven  i must be strong, and <propfemale> on  cause i know i don't belong  here in heaven"
"if i could reach the stars, id pull one down for you  shine it on my heart so you could see the truth  that this love i have inside, is everthing it seems  but for now i find, its only in my dreams, that i can change the world  i would be the sunlight in your universe you would think my love was really something good  baby, if i could change the world "
don't tell me it's not worth tryin' for  you can't tell me it's not worth dyin' for  you know it's true  everything i do - i do it for you
to really love a woman  to understand her  you've got to know what deep inside  hear every thought see every dream  and give her wings when she wants to fly  and when you find yourself lying helpless in her arms  you know you really love a woman
"<propfemale> bottom blues, you made me cry  i don?t want to lose this feeling  and if i could choose a place to die it would be in your arms  do you want to see me crawl across the floor to you?  do you want to hear me beg you to take me back?  i'd gladly do it because i don't want to fade away  give me one more day, please  i don?t want to fade away  in your heart i want to stay "
has the top gun anthem stuck in his head and listening to it didnt get rid of it    so he is watching the movie now
j'arrêterai seu<propfemale>ment de faire l'amour à votre corps quand <propmale> étoi<propmale> tombent du ciel et <propmale> accidents de lune dans <propfemale> so<propfemale>il 
"facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works "
i love rock n roll  put another dime in the jukebox baby  i love rock n roll  come and take the time and dance with me 
in some cases words fail me: its times like this that music was made for 
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s s?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
loves syrinx by debussy  its amazing!!!!
all state member  smile  see you guys there  i cant wait to play so much that my back is sore for the next week afterwards again!!!!
ahh    to be alone once again    for one more night    for one more day    for one more lifetime   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
"\the phantom of the opera is here\"""""
settled in silence             amazing band  laugh 
the end of all things
"guitar recitial tomorrow, band practice sunday, and band concert monday  i cant wait!!! music, here i come!!!"
beethoven's 5th keeps playing in my head without a pause  ever 
hates the prospect of having to go to school tomorrow  yet has to because of the band concert  and a docters appointment  oh the joy        
music has taken over what little mind i had 
bored     first thing that comes to mind     listen to beethoven's 5th!!!! i am truely hooked    
"sadness   for no reason                  what light through yonder window breaks? it is the east, and julliet is the sun  arise fair sun and kill the envious <propfemale>, which is already sick and pale with grief                      dont ask where that came from because i dont know"
first time i've practiced all state music today whahoo! actually it doesnt seem too difficult which probably means that im missing a lot of simple things that i could do better  playful 
say hello to a world of music  where you walk on notes that cresendo and decresendo and you swim in waves of sound that make you wish you could drown and still live just to drown again and all the while there isnt a moment that is meaningless 
feel the sting of memories long gone return to torment you
i had a great idea for my song! then i forgot it     then i remembered it!!!      i remembered that it was not mine    it was spring from the four seasons by vivaldi      no wonder it sounded so good    
damn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all alone
the end is near
"soft music   a flowing saxophone solo with a gentle piano for colour    the only light is a few scattered candles that create a warm haze in the room   you are there   just like my dreams told me you would   i reach out to pull you close to me   and just as my eyes close for the perfect kiss   i wake up i suddenly feel cold,and i pull my blankets closer around me   but it doesnt help   because youre not there "
do you know what makes a piccolo sound better? earplugs!
"yay for beethoven\s 9th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
: the loner
being a romantic is not good for your sanity
dont understand what i am feeling     
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
waste of time
  have a lot of things to do    i dont feel well    i kinda just want to cuddle up with some girl with nice smelling hair and forget the rest of the world
love is a many splended thing  love lifts us up where we belong  or it lets us fall into the depths of loneliness 
all you need is love- to make you happy for life or to destroy it and make it into ruins of shattered wishes 
"the greatest thing, you will ever learn, is just to love, and be loved in return  the second greatest thing is to love and not be loved in return (it is also one of the harshest lessons of life)  such is the power of love "
"yes   i felt her tears flow on my forehead   on mine, mine!   they were soft   they were sweet!   they trickled under my mask   they mingled with my tears in my eyes   they flowed between my lips   i tore off my mask so as not to lose one of her tears   and she did not run away!   and she did not die!    she remained alive,weeping over me,with me  we cried together!i have tasted all the happiness the world can offer!"
la plus grande chose est juste d'aimer et être aimée en échange>
"all by myself, dont want to be all by myself, anymore   "
loneliness and music  any ideas? any (except stupid ones  laugh )
suffer in silence
todays been awful     my mom is sick  im sick  and worst of all my cat had another seizure  crying 
whats the most beautiful thing in the world?
spring break!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ob la de ob la da life goes on     boredom   
permettez-moi d'embrasser votre corps <propfemale> de la tête à l'orteil   wink 
silly girls  laugh 
"i didnt get to see you, but just the thought of the <propmale> was enough to cure my depression  smile "
"i would like to hear everyones opinion on this  if you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?"
another question for everyone  whats your fantasy? your number one fantasy?
call it a feeling   a feeling that i cant stop and i cant e playful lain  it just is and i am at its mercy 
ha  time can not kill life for life must live forever  if it didnt we would all be dead the moment life died  life never dies 
thats the shortened way to put it  the only simple way to say it  thats why the poets and the writters came up with the word love because it was to complex to fit in a story or a poem otherwise 
concert tonight  smile  and tomorrow  smile  and my solo and a quintet the day after that  smile 
sooo    my phone has been dead for the past three days because i couldnt find my charger for it  i finally gave up looking for it and bought a new one  -phone charged- -press end- -verizon- -1 new txt message- after 3 days? isnt my social life out of control?  playful 
ah music  thy glorious song is thee only salvation i could ever hope for!
well     my sixteenth is coming up soon  and i was wondering if anyone would be interested?
happy birthday to you happy birthday and you got to stay cool  happy birthday to you  happy birthday by the beatles   you=me  laugh 
school    please be over quickly    my music is calling me    and i must neglect it because of homework   
hi all  smile 
hey! i just got a new phone!
   shush     shush! dont you hear it? you have to be quite    very quite     its there though     i can hear it  it pours itself into my mind  it rings vibrantly in my ears     it fills me  it is music  all around i can hear it  and you can to     just be quite    and listen 
"say hello to your girlfriends and boyfriends cheating on you , say hello to to dreams shatterin around you  say hello to the world crashing down  say hello to death  say hello to pain  yes  say hello to life! isnt its twisted sense of humor amusing?  smile "
"i just saw you, but i miss you already  sad "
"oh how i love being an insomiac  laugh  up early done everything i needed to already, and noones up to talk to yet  playful "
sitting in the halway in a hotel i suddenly find myself brought back to june 2009   a hotel in <propfirst> where i met <propfemale> and <propfemale>    ^^
why does one love music?
mahler!!!!!!!!!!!!
hmmm     wow       annoyed 
"alouette, gentille alouette\alouette, je te plumerai\alouette, gentille alouette\je te plumerai la tête"
"sooo   my dog killed a skunk about an hour ago  then he emptied his stomach in the car  as if it didnt smell bad enough  anyway, needless to say the windows are staying down for a while  laugh "
reeds are anoying     laugh 
"the show must go on!\the show must go  surprise -on!"
"all that   effort   for homecoming    and we lost    man, that tastes bitter   "
compare and contrast math with music lol
feel the blues   feel it man    its so amazing
i love going back to songs i havent listened to for years and remembering them like it was yesterday   
seeing the little things that remind me of a friend that you havent seen in a long time
feels alone     very alone    time for insanity    time for music   
sorry   for everything that went wrong    
almost paradise   
hates homework  annoyed 
the reason for life?
omg 6 friends online  i havent seen that many in a long time  lol guess that represents my amazing social skills
today is an off-day  playful 
"lol jazz concert  go home  first thing i do? find classical music to listen to  that makes sense, no? lol"
se souvenir   
harmonic study is amazing  smile 
define a romantic 
interesting how a single failure can totally ruin what was once a great accomplishment
"well, christmas is about over  how was everyones?"
i feel an all nighter coming on     smile 
why is summer saugage so popular during the chirstmas (as in winter) season?
first non white christmas in riverton for    how long? crazy   
"lord of the rings music is running non stop in my mind  <propmale> shore, your music is amazing but it is taking over my mind!"
"ah, bach!"
loney    
school countdown 450 mins
school countdown 124 mins
ahhh    coffee  such a sweet aroma   
ah! so much music to practice!  smile  lol
what is the worst way to die?    hmm     interesting question    
ahhh!!! (random moment)  smile 
anyone wish to do my trig homework?  playful 
wow  7 friends online  thats almost record for me lol
"ive life mother  ive got laughs sister  ive got freedom brother  ive got good times man  ive got crazy ways daughter  ive got million dollar charm cousin  ive got headaches, and toothaches, and bad times too, like you \ smile "
"have you ever just had a feeling that something had to   balance violently    and mentally all you can think of while trying to focus on what or why is a life destroying, world ending, completely distructive e playful losions?  laugh  i know im crazy   "
night all!  smile 
10 friends online! lol
beethoven!!!!!
sigh   no one to talk to   
bye muffins    love you 
so    a student that goes to my high school was killed    good time to listen to requiem in d minor by mozart   
is spring break really a day away? it doesnt feel like it   
"to those friends on here that i dont talk to much\i miss you!"
"come see south pacific at cwc thurs, fri or saturday! show starts at 7 smile 0! dont be late! and dont forget to get tickets!  smile "
in the name of love! one night in the name of love!
there is nothing like a dame! nothing in the world! there is nothing you can name that is anything like a dame!
"so   i have this school project for which i could write an original composition  i wanted to put in a waltz so i thought i would do some score study on the best waltz ever written, valtz from sleeping beauty by tchaikovsky  but i had to load the entire balletsuite rather than just the waltz  which leads me to go through it all "
ahhhh!!!!!
sleep? whats sleep? sleep per <propmale> to dream  and what dreams may come in that sleep of death    dream dream when youre feeling blue dream dream because i have found you  oh sleep wherefore <propmale> thou?  laugh  thats awful  i should really go to bed  laugh 
"no one will get this right! my middle name__________, my age___, my favorite soda_______, my full birthday___ ___ ___,my best friend_____, my favorite color______, my eye color_______,my hair color______ my favorite food________and my moms maiden name__________!!! put this as your status and see who knows you best   do it"
"well   i just had about 40+ splinters removed from my little, ring and middle finger of my right hand  im not sure of the actual count  i lost count after about 21 or so  the moral of the story, walk farther away from rotting fences so you dont swing your hand across it while walking by  =p"
depression is sometimes a beautiful thing    =')
how wonderful life is   now that youre in the world   
"youre free to leave me, but just, dont decieve me  and please believe me when i say, i love you"
"i begin eternity,\and end space,\at the end of time,\and in every place,\last in life,\second to death,\never alone,\found in your breath,\contained by earth,\water or flame,\my grandeur so awesome,\wind dare not tame,\not in your mind,\am in your dreams,\vacant to kings,\present to queens"
"i have many tongues but cannot taste\by me, most things are turned to waste\i crack and snap, yet i stay whole\i may take the largest toll\i assisted all of the first men\and i will pay them back again\around me, people snuggle and sleep\yet run when i am released from my keep\i jump around and leap and bound\the cold man wishes i he had found"
grrrraaaaaahhhhhh!
suffer  in  silence 
"here and now is normally when i makes some deep, thought out, philosophical statement, seeing as it is 3 in the am   but not today! f u hw!"
"stumbleupon com, i  love  you  smile "
"okay    people    people  i dont give a damn if you think <propfirst> beiber is gay, awful, and everything else you abhor  but i do care that i see his name everywhere  i dont want to see his name when im looking up slayer, iron maiden, and pantera! all you are doing is giving him free publicity  what you should be doing is ignore him so that his name fades away into the dust "
