60eeac3b3345ef5b8dc0e9f352cefb3a
i love it when ppl ignore me but when i miss a txt 4rum them they flip out  hippocrits  gotta love em 
come on ppl  if i didnt like u i wouldnt waste my time with you or even have u on my fb  end of discussion 
so i proposed to knox under the stars  we agreed to stay engaged for a while so no bells any time soon 
havin a great day!
had another amazing day!
never thought id be so happy!
so earlier i thought i was happy  i was wrong  now im happier then hell  made my night! you are amazing <propfemale>! i am thrilled 2 b in your life  moving 2 ga was a wonderful change for me  love ya!
finalay gettin back 2 sleep  woke up 7am 2 find knox still playin the 360  wasnt very happy    going back 2 bed now 
ok so knox didnt go 2 jail  he just ows 300 by october  sad  blah 
"i love being able to use internet hehe  my family file is unfinished, waiting for photos for sum ppl   love "
going to relax and watch knox play the 360
i miss my daughter so much    it hurts   
i  have decided a date   *private*
went 2 work with knox 2day  getting ready to head home 2 feed my lil sabora 
"had a great night with the kids, both went to sleep about 9 smile 0  was rejuvinating  smile "
wore out  tired but dont wanna sleep  want 2 b able 2 sleep 2night 
had a rly good last few days
watching igor by my lonesome   
i lost weight!!!!! yay fucking yay!!!!!
can't stand hippocrits    hate my past    wish i could just forget and move on all the way  just <propfemale> much pain from it    
"poor faith, gunna keep a good eye on her  shes so precious xo im  here for ya <propfemale>  smile "
i was the man last night muahahahaha 
sum one tried walking through my front door till they saw me with knoxs gun by my side  he ran 
morning sickness or over-heated? bum bum bummm   
pondering the future
happy with my knoxy man and my <propfemale> sugar
"busy busy morning, hey, its all most done! <propfemale> is doing an amazing job with this babyshower!!! amazing!!!"
children going for a ride while us ladies work on the house some more  <propfirst> i hope you love it!!!!!!!! its really awsome ^ ^
baby shower was entertaining and fun  a lil tired  cant wait 4 knox 2 be home with me
a possible event in 2013
dungeons n dragons was awsome 2day  killed a deity and rip krag  u will be remembered 
a bit wheazy 2day hard 2 breath  watching league of extrodinary men  blah  bored 
talked to my mom and dad <propmale> bout 2013 and im so relieved they are ok bout it  now just have 2 talk 2 aunts and knoxs family heh 
3 years plenty of time 2 wait right? well 2 5 lol
a thriller wedding?
has the chills     a lil creaped out    recovering soon hopefully 
<propmale> is re creating the moment    lets see how this plays out    
stop being chincy with teh chicken!!
am i really wanted??
almost have enough money to fly to see my kid for her 5th birthday!! october 26th!! shes growing up so fast  can't wait to be stable enough to go for custody of her!
is in love
in a lot of pain 2day  chills abdomin pain and vomit  been up off n on since 8 with the pain 
i want 2 play  sad 
wanting some excitement!
its hard when pieces of ones past haunts ya 
i dont care what they think  if they dont like our decisions then they can f@#% themselves  
feeling a <propmale> in tune  sad  happy  spiritual  wanted  hated  half full so to say  artistic and dark  hmmm
i secretly live in ur basement   
i feel alone with out you 
i got new goods n the mail  thanks mom!
at huddle house all dressed up  i put eyeliner on knox he super sexy hehe
writing an interesting roleplay  
hangen with meh best pals  smile  gunna chat with my kid in the morning then perhaps movies and sexy cake later in the day tomorrow  smile 
"ok tired,going to bed  take care fb "
thank you <propfemale> and <propmale> for an awsome morning  smile  did not e playful ect it hehehe love you all
flying 2morow  be back in a week  gunna miss every one! im sad and happy at the same time 
sitting at the airport  waiting 4 my flight!
in and out of wireless service  i miss my man knox and my friends so much!
kumori is 5 today!
headding 2 the airport  be in <propfemale> around 9 55pm or so  xoxo
i mean 8 55 ish not 9ish lol
im home every one lol  back 2 work eh?
  say youll haunt me   i wanna know if i belong to you    say youll haunt me   
happy halloween every one 
had a quiet halloween  got dressed up 
had an amazing night  passed out hardcore  goin 4 sushi 2day 
"why are u screaming, i havent even cut you yet   "
big chunk of tooth just broke off  my mouth is on fire!!
feeling out of touch with the world and the people around me 
sick i suppose  very busy day 2day n knox wont get up > sad 
creative and spiritual
feeling better  bored and very frisky!
depressed  cooped up  unsatisfied  never any time 2gether any more   
feeling better that we talked  wanting 2 visit friends soon!
doin laundry at the 24 hr laundry <propmale>   what joy
knox works all week  at least he has sunday off  any plans?
wish i had sum one 2 <propfemale> with 
wish i had a car 2 drive so i can visit friends 
got mistaken 4 the hookers on my street  knox came 2 my rercue  no walks 4 me lol 
missing the robinsons 
new pics of kid up  at the arno's house waiting for knox to get home 
i  love  nekromantix
i could use a good drink n sum fun!
saw cloverfield  bored me 
going on a <propmale> photo walk sunday  knoxs 1st day off n a while 
my <propfemale> is in heat  and by <propfemale> i mean sabora  driving us nuts!
started my day late  is sad 
got rained on in the <propmale>  it was hawt 
going back 2 bed  ebv kicking my butt  eyes burn   sad 
ish still tired  take this ebv away 4rum me!
i ated taco <propfemale>  my head hurts now 
going threw all my music 4 a massive playlist! i is bored  sad 
playin the 360 for now  still bored
we need a new car  knox keeps getting pulled over cus its problems  sad 
ok going to go to bed for a few hours    be up soon lol
kinky plans   kinky hehe
what to do on knox's next day off   hmm 
my tummy hurts 2day  sad 
wish i had a computer 2 play cataclysm on  i wanna play wow!
have to buy a new phone  it fell in the toilett  sad  i sowwie ppl  out of service for a bit  going to the store 2morow! hopefully    
got a new phone had 2 pay 69 for it cus they where out of stock of all the deals  pist me off!  no cash  till the 8th  sad  im depressed  txt me ppl with ur name so we can get ur number
wishing i could see my daughter for christmas 
knox just called 2 tell me he lost his wallet   it had over 200 in <propmale> money in it  wonderful eh?
yay he found it  a co worker had it apparently he lost it yesterday  and all is 2 b counted for! yay lol 
at laundry <propmale> again  washing sum things  blah blah 
<propfemale> ale with whiskey and dark chocolate is heaven in my mouth!
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \invite your friends to do the same  until monday there should be \no   human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for \violence against children"
"what to do for x-mas, knox is starting a new job so monies shall be short  sad "
sin like you mean it or dont sin at all 
need sum excitement
woke up nearly every hour last night  hard 2 sleep on 2 twin beds when they r broken  sad 
bored
sad    i miss the phone    at the arnos using their inets while knox looks for teh phone   crying 
bored today  may play some wow at the arnos  have to deleiver mums package in a bit  broke  sad  i wanted to buy presents like crazy for all meh pals this holiday but got cut short  sad  i'm sorry ppl 
what has no condition but one condition?
what 2 do for new years?
we need a new car  having hardcore problems
tron 2 was amazing!
knox goes 2 rockback 2morow! im excited!
what age will i die if my sickness keeps going the pace it is? should we make a game of it?
is the adult industry right for me?
ill again   whats new lol
happy holidays
have an interview 2morow  cant wait 2 tell knox
interview went great  now just waiting 4 a schedule shoot 
he has 2 cut his goa-t noooo i must b strong!
true friends are those who help me bury the body    and not run their mouth   
bored  wanting sumthing to do or sumwhere 2 go 
going 2 bed hungery and cranky 
gunna try 2 have a better day 2day  will b bored from 2-11pm blah
new years party?
   playin dnd   
   she aint got to love nobody   
may the new year be good to u all 
what 2 do 2day 
im gunna yank my own teeth out! i dont like relying on pain meds!
hoping knox will get a paycheck soon 
low income dentists are not taking in new ppl  i called 8 <propfirst> this morn  whats a girl 2 do? gotta do it myself then 
any 1 want 2 <propfemale> on this rainy <propfemale>?
so u all know my body will b donated to science when i pass and im going 2 b cremated 
woke in flaming pain not just my teeth  knox wants me 2 go 2 the hospital but im stubbern  if it gets worse then i may 
going 2 the hospital
they gave me 3 perscriptions  painkiller nausia and amoxicillin 
it hurts so very bad 
thanks mom i owe u so much!!
ill b seeing u jt hehe
its so odd watching t v
2nite is dnd yay and 2morow as well  then monday my search 4 a dentist shall continue!
bow chika bow wow
wtf 3 10 for gas insane ppl 
just shoveled bout a ft of snow with a broom down our driveway
rockback pizza didnt open 2day  knox gets to sleep lol  im not used to everything closing @_@
today i have lived with knox for 6 months  smile  half a year an hoping 4 more 2 come
knox returns to work tomorow  3 days no pay  sad 
tryin not 2 get sick  knox is sick and im playing nurse lol
bored  havent been able to sleep yet  and alas i am sick with a painful cough  sad  knox is worse  but im takin care of him 
101 5 atm  still in the safe zone heh
got to 102 6 which is pretty normal 4 me  no wonder ppl think im odd lol
the cat   shes in heat    again!
in my world everyones a poney and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies  smile      haiiiiiah
looking at apartments
spent 50bucks on an ap fee only 2 b declined 4 the apartment we wanted sad  guess were not moving   
going 2 my very 1st bar 
had a blast at the bar lastnight  dispite the guyes rap night it was fun 
im just useless
i actually got sum sleep  crashed hard finally 
i love this fog  smile 
getting ready 2 head home from taco <propmale> soon joined a club there heh 
my <propfemale> likes laying between my legs under teh blanket  smile 
i want u 2 comment on this status bout how we met  but lie  thats right just make it up  after u comment copy this 2 ur stat so i can do the same 
knox farted  it was horrid  paint peeled and the cat died  btw knox isnt moving should i be worried?
goin 2 take a nap world  call if u need nything  doubt ill hear a txt lol
prices went up  foodstamps are zero now  bought our usual monthly and its all gone  sad  im sad 
once i get meh laptop ill finaly have internets yay!im excited lol 
so nausiated today  dizzy  <propfemale> and eye pressure and achey body uck blah  letting knox play dnd w out me he deserves a guys afternoon lol 
cant sleep  feeling unsatisfied and discontent  odd spout of anger and twisted mindset 
gunna try going to bed now  night morning facebook 
so i took 2 sleeping pills at 10:23pm and laid down  why am i still awake?
happy corperation stealing all our money event 1 day to u all!
i keep wakin up with breathin problems in the midst of my sleep  sad  gunna price a humidifier n c if it will help me 
ah  freshly showered  feel a bit better  now im bored lol
crying my eyes out   missing my lil one   
gunna sit n a car 2day while knox is at work  perhaps ill sit at a bar    idk yet  be out 4rum 3ish till he gets off work 
if any 1 wants to keep me company 2day n newnan txt me  i have limited car skills  if we go to bar first drinks on me lol
cops pulled us over  made us sit on the curb n search the car  accused knox of lieing and <propfirst> of drinking  pist me off 
had fun at cochran mill park  took pics of paul fritz knox  and jt  sry none of me  goin back 2morow  yay
<propmale> knows submission wresteling fuck  n i cant use my usual stance grr
dont follow others n their footsteps  if they stop u may bump into them  or even off the <propmale>  be your own being!
sprained my wrist yesterday n tweaked my shoulder  what fun hehe 
lazerous sleeps on his back and in my arms like a human lol 
i wanna split my tongue  yes i know the downfall of this 
gas 3 39 a gal! wtf why over a hundered per barrel? fing eh
power has been out 4 an hour and has no gass 2 go anywhere
if i where 2 lay n bed all day my dog n cat would be on either side of me till i got up  like now heh
hope foodstamps get here soon
contemplating goin to club opera saturday   
angery i have 2 start dragon age all over again
woke up to the dog eating my only pair of shoes oh the fury oh i wanted to severly beat him! hes lucky knox loves him  annoyed  and i just fell asleep to gwah! phone wont let me do caps!!
club opera 2nite  if ur 21 and over u should come  a rare event 4 me 2 b out ppl lol
   <propmale> the morning   
omg i love the hole n the wall
dog tore my shit up hes lucky im plastard and only has 2 deal with knoxs wrath
had a wicked blast last night! thank u <propfirst>!
watching big bang theory on my harddrive
thanks 4 my left wisdom tooth i can hardly open my mouth  like lock jaw  sad 
mouth hurt so bad  
i cant chew my food
even though ive had such pain n my mouth i have had an amazing week! your the best <propfirst> lol  and love u knox!
bored
had a nice fire n back yard  cooked hotdogs and marshmellows in it    smile 
look mr  bubbles its an angel
the green hornet is pretty good  thanks 4 a fun night <propfirst> had fun with u all
dog got my nose  not happy   well happy st pattys day all
was attacked by an angery spirit  shook me up real bad  havent been able 2 sleep  i is tired 
as i look threw her pictures sadness overflows me and i cry 
everyday i wonder why i have a facebook      oh yea its my outlet to the world 
1part coconut rum  1part bananna rum  1part citrus rum  1part pinapple rum 2part pinapple juice 2part cranberry juice topped with aged dark rum = heavenly voodoo juice hehe
why must i be so afraid 2 dance or sing in public sober?
the dog and cat r both gone
we may have found the cat  i hope so my heart is breaking horribly!
had 2 climb a tree 2 get her 12ft up still no dog
knox went 2 look 4 the puppy
dog returned  we need 2 build a fence n the backyard so when we leave the house he dosnt destroy the house or terrorize the cat 
saw a movie being made on south fulton pky  a car scene  blue  was neat 
knox got laid off cus rockback is losing money  wtf
wish i had sum 1 to play n the rain with heh
cat asleep on my right leg n the dog snoring on my left leg  cute
   dickmilk   
have a lead enima!
dont ask me why  but 2day is going 2 b a bad day 4 me 
wanting 2 visit <propfirst> asap! i miss her 
knox reserved bioshock 3 and malice in wonderland for me  i loves u baby!
i love white russians  i miss my girls  i need 2 visit ppl
knox n i are joining the military  filling out paperwork 
i found a 4 leaf clover at jeffs house  now i own 2 yay  gave my elaminated one 2 knox 
