45780e3d873866c4c9c67fadf0044722
spent the day with my momma
classes babysitting and working over night is kicking my butt 
happy birthday <propfemale>!  i love you!
thank you everyone!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!!!!
"happy birthday <propmale>, i love you!!!! my baby is getting his permit!!!"
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
blue
"happy birthday to <propmale>, kyndal, tudy bug, and kynsleigh"
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile!
i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile!
i love you daddy!!!!!
"it's brother sister  week!!!!!! everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with  your brother or sister or both! picture can be from when you were young  or a current one! copy and paste this, and lets see how many people love  their siblings"
"just to let all know with much sadness, my dad has passed away  i love you daddy!!!!!!"
my dad will be buried with full military honors at leavenworth july 30th at 2 smile 0 thank you all for well wishes i am at peace knowing he is out of pain
"omg you just can't fix stupid      don't know why!  but people just amaze me, how stupid can get!!!!!!!!"
thank you to everyone for the thoughts and prayers with my dad's passing    it was much appreciated
i think it's funny when someone deletes you as a friend because you disagree about their opinion    must not have been a friend to begin with   
happy birthday to my cuz chrystal!!!!love you!!!!
yeah chiefs!!!!
"it's really hard to keep your mouth shut, when you are defending your children's honor   i am so very proud to call <propfirst>, jr  <propfemale> and <propmale> my kids and they make me so proud every day  i love all four of them and nothing could ever change that!!!!!!!"
thank you everyone!!!
"thank you all so much!!!! and thanks for the whipped cream in the face, jr  and <propfemale>!!!!!"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! i can put this on the list of one of the best!!! yeah must have been the whipped cream!!!thanks son!!!!
speechless and shocked!!!!!
can't wait to see my grandgirls!!!! it's been way too long!!!!can't think of a better christmas gift    thank you lord!!!!!
boo yah!!!!!!!!!chiefs
that game was pathetical!!!!!
yeah)
