402a3dfe4b3617a8c5e816d1e137af75
i just got off work   i will hopefully get more than 12 hours off before i have to go back in    
ok  iv been putting it off and putting it off  i hate talking about it and there are people that still dont know  i though the word of mouth would spread the news but i am still asked about the baby  i lost the baby 3 months ago  my body is back to normal
hangin with my family  smile 
soooooooooooooo tired     im cross eyedddddddddddddddddddd 
on with the next crazy day   6 hrs of sleep  not bad
had plans for a hay ride tonight   guess its not gonna happen  i guess <propfirst> and i will have to find something else to do
"work  conf  calls, plumbing issues, audits, reviews, orders, labo rpercents, comp percents, sales tracking and projections   ya its monday  actually now its tuesday  lol"
quiet house and a cup of coffee  life is grand
i feel grrrreeaaatttt! just like <propfirst> the tiger
how is it possible to be nauseous and hungry at the same time?!
"going out, <propfirst> gonna ride his bike without training wheels!!!"
i was up till 4 smile 0  puking sucks  i thought at 13 weeks it would go away  oh well
dilating and waiting
"still at home  <propfirst> is very indecisive,  the contractions come hard and fast then stop  having some that feel productive this morning  we will see   "
7-12 mins apart  my back is killing me  could <propfirst> finally be ready
ahhhhh! no baby  6 pm saturday night till 6 pm sunday night they were 7 minutes apart  then just stopped!!!! wtf
cat cow cat cow cat cow   position is everything at this point
"stubborn posterior baby, just like his dad, always looking forward, never back"
found a <propfemale> today half frozen in the park  brought her home but can't keep her  any takers? she's been asleep on my lap for over an hour
"well    i think i must be part elephant, i feel like i've been pregnant for 2 yrs  i don't think this will ever end"
is still pregnant      just in case y'all were wondering
"just left the doctors, 2cm and 80% effaced! !! so we are out having pancakes  they just might be my last solid meal for a little while  dr says tonight or tomor"
<propfirst> <propmale> myers  20 in long 8 lbs even   huge feet!  2:18 am thank god finally!!!!
"we have been home now for 8 hours, feels good  got all my boys here and i couldn't ask for a better family"
thank you  everyone for  all the congratulations and support
"have cake, gifts wrapped, <propfirst> just has to finish his homework and then its birthday time! i can't believe my first baby is 7 already, he is growing up so fast"
<propfirst> had a great birthday
