07b3d20642df164598fb32c7cf902fac
siiiigh court costs    
bitch    i'm <propmale> riggz   
people who say effing irritate me   unless its about cat mayne and his effin grooming   
in a world of ronin to hold onto your ancestors is most commendable
what if god   was one of you?
lame lame laaaaaame    laamaaaaamaamamamamemerklwejhfjkowehfjkwehfjkh
damn i'm so aggitated lately   
"no serenades, no fire brigades  just a pyromania!"
"mase, p diddy, lil <propfirst>, and system of a down made a song together?    nutz mode "
mmmm black angus in mushroom sauce ftw
god damn i'm pale     
"some sick bastard canceled his cartoon network, scifi channel, and just about everything else   way to fuck up my awesome stolen cable"
"come on, barbie   lets go party"
weekend and everything is over but i'm still grinding my teeth   
life is waaaaaay too fucked up 
action league    now
long drawn out sigh 
it's one thing when someone holds a grudge and chooses random times to let that stupidity rear it's ugly head   but it's another thing when it's supposed to be your best friend    
"trying to pass on a full blooded <propmale> shepherd  she's been fixed and has her shots, she just needs a good home with people who are going to make her an integral part of their family  we just have too many pets "
fuck   fuck   and fuck    fuck that   and that   go fuck yourself  and   fuck off   fuck     fuckidall
"fuck you, fuck me, fuck all of us    we're all fucked and damn she's fucked, he's fucked   we're all fucked!"
fuck
alcohol=the worst invention ever
"alcohol, old memories, dehydration    totally equals straight disaster  titty pitz    "
"they <propfirst> first blood, not fucking me!"
whiiiiiiiiiite giiiiiiiirlz
why is it that we so quickly resort to physical violence? isn't outsmarting someone more embarassing?
kiss my sunburned ass    
jeeezuz i hate being sick 
that's what you get for being a scheming bitch!
psycho
damn   everyone seems to be dodging me like i have the plague 
insane    crazy   whatever   
"so <propfemale> palin is seriously stuck on climbing, crawling, and clawing for the limelight   bitch just let your career end  you weren't fit to be governor of alaska  not to even mention vp of the whole country    hoe"
she's totally gone now   so i guess i need to head the fuck outta here 
uuuugh shittiest day ever   i can feel it already 
the universe is suuuuch a biiiiitch 
captain planet? he's a hero? gonna take pollution down to zero!?
"wish i was someplace awesome as hell    key west, fiji, netherlands, australia   take your pick"
anyone have a copy of evil dead 2 i can borrow? it's the only one i haven't seen in the trilogy and it pisses me off    ash forever 
"squats, lunges, and running in general     ugh "
"south park & simpsons  >  american dad, family guy, and <propmale> show"
i've been around the world and found out only stupid people are breeding    the cretins cloning and feeding    and i don't even own a tv
so my <propmale> cat just basically raped my female cat    i thought we had his nuts snipped off for a reason 
"the optimist says this glass is half full, the pessimist says this glass is half empty, and the rationalist thinks the glass is twice as big as it needs to be "
sick as a dog   couldn't find my phone for the longest time because it died   i think the stomach flu is going around  no food for me 
"fallout: new vegas    possibly one of the 10 best things to ever happen to gaming  a good reason to own a ps3, x-box 360, or computer  fable 3 on sunday, got it preordered on 360  don't e playful ect to hear from me for like   8 weeks "
so limewire has had a court order to stop sharing files  yay another win for the overly inflated music industry  just a bunch of hacks claiming they love to make music but just proving they love to make money way more  stop charging 20 bucks for an 80% shitty album   
anyone else cover up their built-in webcam because they are afraid of people trying to watch them? i hate cameras   they steal your soul! (r l  stein?)
daaaamn they found the lost scenes of <propmale> langs' metropolis  greaaat <propmale> film 
can't we do another army of darkness or evil dead flick? i mean come on   while <propmale> campbell is still alive  just one last movie about a middle aged older ash 
"man   why are people so retarded? by people i mean everyone  myself, included  hindsight is 20 x 20, sadly   "
"did you know when vin diesel was a bouncer, he used to play dungeons and dragons in his offtime? his defense was that he used to play before video games became a viable choice at the homestead   so buff, so cool   yet still so nerdy  good man "
"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please repost this  it would be nice to see on everyones wall"""
fuuuuuuck <propfirst> beck and his psychotic rants    just had to get that out 
"when it rains, it pours    "
charming yet undeserving    deserving yet not charming   can't have everything in the world i guess   
life is pretty damn funny   
"i'm a pussy, punk bitch, banana hammock wearing, retarded bastard, crap eater "
i had to clone a dinosaur and reverse engineer his farts to get it just right 
i was so worried no one would have assassins creed: brotherhood in stock   i walk into best buy and a whole damn stack of black ops and creed is staring me in the face  basically my face melted 
confused   but not in a good way
mindblowing fucking headaches   
not   even    worth it
obama < fdr
damn the hulk is such a beast   it's not even fair   
assassins creed: brotherhood   because using a hooker to break your fall is probably the funniest thing in history 
just beat assassins creed brotherhood    always more questions than answers at the end of these games    
i love when someone is trying to tell you the same thing over and over again   but really they are just trying to convince themselves   fun stuff
a hot shower should wash my brain out   
you know what i miss? <propfemale> cigarettes    
you ever see two really drunk people start making out   then think to yourself   wait   isn't that the one person who just got done puking all over the porch? tasty    
tacos for breakfast   awesome   oh   and fuck the rainforest 
you will never win!
dizamn i love spaghetti
i know other people are playing cod: black ops on 360   lets party up 
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status & invite your friends to do the same!"
walk    don't run   it's the blob!
batteries   the bane of my existence 
not only is it cold as shit   snowing  but now my truck battery is dead  friggin sweet 
"losing is okay when you do your best and fail  when you're distracted by other things and fail you only have yourself to blame    especially with a multimillion dollar contract  get your head out of your ass prioritize, manning "
predictable
two days til georges st-pierre puts koscheck in his place 
i thought this was called call of duty  not camp of duty 
irritatingly predictable 
remember when video games were 40 bucks and gave you at least 20 hours of gameplay? now you buy a 60 dollar game for 9 hours of intense gameplay and then you shell out another 30 bucks to complete a game you should've already had a full version of   way to sell out   
rc laugh  < spyplane
so my x-box live gold e playful ires the day after christmas    so   ya know  hint hint   christmas present hint 
jeezuz i hate puns 
"so i was asked to send a picture of my penis to someone today   shit   want me to sign it, copy it, and just post fliers?"
"music hath charms to soothe a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak  - <propfirst> congreve"
i didn't know being an underhanded little bitch was a team sport   
pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance  - sun tzu
when i am president of the world i'm going to make it legal for me to marry wild <propfemale> pepsi      god i fucking love pepsi   
shhh shhh   you hear that? that's the rest of the world not giving two shits 
no more spicy chimichungas    my body can't handle it anymore haha
happy wookie life day everyone!
ahhh awkward situations in line at meijer   my nose was stuffed up and made a sharp whistling sound   the cute girl in front of me thought i was whistling at her and gave me a look    awesome 
you know what makes for horrible facebook status updates? song lyrics     especially cheesy song lyrics 
mmmmm <propfemale> coffee    the alcoholic way to start your day!
have money but no one to get drunk with this new years gfudia! so if anyone wants to chill let me know 
needz me spinach before i play black ops   
"don't call me immature just because i don't have the same priorities you do    i didn't make a bunch of bad decisions straight out of high school that would weigh down the rest of my life with responsibility    i'm 22, going to enjoy life, and not worry about anything besides having a steady job and an education "
"pinky:   why, brain? what are we going to do tomorrow night?"
"i don't care what people say about you, bologna  you are tasty "
damn    felt amazing when i woke up    now i just feel sick and all    vomity    if that's a word lol  then i saw <propfirst> tylers face on american idol for a minute   thought he was the wicked witch from oz and changed the channel 
"some people don't get over anything, man   ever   grow up, please "
