25a5406fc01d292ed88e97154b5e32f1
what the frap! how am i supposed to be at work and school at the same time?
today was a good day! black in july is ready to perform tomorrow at battle of the bands and we have an awesome new song  laugh  and i st<propmale>ed my <propmale> project for ap drawing and it's coming along pretty well haha 
"wow  i finished my oil paintings of grapes that i've been working on since summer, turned it in to get framed, practiced the violin for an hour, the piano for an hour, and worked on my painting for ap drawing! what a productive day!  laugh "
weird  i might move into my sister's room and i'm actually excited about it  it will be like having a sleepover every single night!
this musical will be the death of me! i'm so tired!
hurrah for oreos!
ummm    okay? mood swings like crazy today   annoyed  haha
had an absolutely fantastic birthday! thanks to everyone who made it such a great day!  smile 
prom was totally fantastic!  laugh 
sweet  i got a music scholarship at snow!  smile 
i wish i had a puppy!
"i do wish i were a boy sometimes  girls have so many emotions, it's confusing!"
use big words  it confuses people 
writing stuff down makes you feel so much better!
senior pics tomorrow!  smile  and a new laptop!  smile  so happy!
soooo boooooreduhh!
"well, time to rip the bandaid off!"
i loved <propfirst> hood! thanks for coming with me <propfemale>  laugh 
i love the song my band is working on  it's sounding better and better!  laugh  go black in july! wooh! lol
i am so happy! i'm finally getting more shifts at work!  laugh  work = $$$$$!!!!!
three days until that wretched movie comes out    
i think the best part of that screening of eclipse tonight was the <propmale> potter preview for this november   laugh  can't wait!
"it a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it "
the last airbender was blah! horrible acting 
i'm having a sleepover   on a trampoline! aren't you jealous?  wink 
feeling sad   sad  pray for me!
you know you're bored when you start taking random quizzes on facebook    
weeeeiiird! i forgot what he looks like 
<propfemale> bear is definitely my favorite carebear! lol
i love my friends!! you are all so awesome!  laugh 
"i think you know what i'm getting at  i find it so upsetting that the memories that you select, you keep the bad but the good you just forget "
i just moved into my gone-away-brother's room  wink  lovin' the extra space!
batman   why are you so amazingly gorgeous???
work was fun tonight! i love holidays 'cause i get to see everyone   laugh 
hopefully he'll finally get the hint  goodness!
"i love the song \heartless\"" by kanye west  it is greatly fantastic! \",25a5406fc01d292ed88e97154b5e32f1,"? the years would go by and she'd love someone else, and i'd realize i hadn't been loved yet myself    ?"
i had a lot of fun at my family reunion!  laugh  lots of good times!
going college shopping today with <propfemale>!  laugh 
i should go to bed   i really should    but i'm having so much fun with my webcam!
i'm putting streaks in my hair! o o i'm scared!!
jelly beans! i love them so much! except for the coffee ones  they are gross 
two weeks today people!
nooooooo! i just broke my guitar string!!!!!!!!!!!!!  crying 
"i finally go atving and what happens? i crash, of course   playful "
i really like my new apartment and my roommates  and these bananas taste fantastic!  laugh 
"exciting news!  laugh  i made into symphony orchestra and chamber orchestra, and to top it all off i have <propfirst> <propfemale> as my new violin teacher! (he's a member of the utah symphony)"
i'm having a relient k craving!
"\get your own white people!\"""""
"k, there's a reason people are never friends with their ex's "
"last night my roommies and i made a huge fort! i'm telling you, it's massive! you should come over and see it  it will blow your mind away "
ah! so excited for juilliard tonight! their jazz band is going to play at snow   laugh   laugh 
i think i'm gonna get a 4 0 this semester! the end 
don't you love it when half naked men jump up on your porch and scream? that seems to happen a lot here 
<propfirst> just emailed me!!!!!! i am soooo excited!  laugh  it's been too long since i've heard from him  he comes home in six months!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"? i'm bored of your love, i'm bored of your face, i'm bored of your random all over the place attitude  i'm bored of you  ?"
"? i don't wanna dance, so don't you ask me, babe  i don't wanna dance  you blew your <propmale> to rock my night away  i want some fun  boy, you're so not the one  i don't wanna dance, so let it go  you'll never take me home  take me home \?"
"every day the snow football team blasts their music so loud that i can hear it when i'm inside of my apartment  i have nothing against them, but dang! could you turn your music down?"
"so this really attractive guy tried to add me as a friend, so as i was looking at his info and guess what? he's kind of a professional stripper  can you say barf??\it would be really nice if there weren't so many creepers in the world "
"it's nice to be in south <propfirst> again   laugh  i get to see my cat, oreo, and tonight i will actually eat real food!"
the circus was awesome!
i'm trying to think of some songs to learn on the guitar  what's your favorite song?
we are playing <propfemale> wars in symphony!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  happiness abound!
"i know these brownies aren't mine   but they look so tempting    if he really wanted them he would come get them, right?"
it feels so good to not care anymore  i feel so free now! sometimes i just have to smile 
"does anyone own the first season of glee? i've heard it's amazing, and so i decided that i should give it a try "
"don't think that you can come back into my life that easily  after all, it's you who chose to leave  where were you for the last three years?"
never make brownies without measuring  they're weird 
is looking at schools in australia  crickey mate!
my books came into today   smile  i'm starting hunger games 
"i got my church calling as one of the fhe group leaders, which basically means i have to help plan fhe  the only problem is, monday nights i have class   annoyed "
the hunger games was amazing! tomorrow i'll start the second one 'cause i know if i start now i won't go to bed til 2 surprise 0 in the morning    
peach fresca!
my sonata is memorized for class piano  bam! i am good!
"i love my dad! today we went to the manti <propfemale> to do baptisms, then out to dinner, and he even bought my groceries   laugh "
heh heh   that was quite satisfactory to me  i hope you saw it  beh heh heh     laugh 
"? you better lose yourself in the music the moment you own it, you better never let it go  you only get one shot, do not miss your <propmale> to blow  this opportunity comes once in a lifetime   ?   laugh "
ready to go back to ephraim 
"4 months ago today  i'm feeling stronger than ever! while it was painful and almost unbearable to go through, thank you, because now i'm a better, happier person  no bitter feelings toward you  i hope someday you can do the same for me   laugh "
what the heck?? are you serious?????
obama likes redheads!
i cannot for the life of me fall asleep! it's been two hours  grr! i give up 
this has officially been the awkwardest sunday night ever!
<propfirst> emailed me! that means this day is going to be good   laugh 
winners never quit; quitters never win 
are you out of your vulcan mind?!
"totally biffed it up the stairs this morning  yeah, wasn't that a beautiful sight to behold "
blah!!!!! lfjaslfasflsjdfls jflsdj fkladsjfs
i'm sick of people who take advantage of other people  they are losers 
i just finished my paper and will now go downstairs to hangout with the lovely b6 boys!  laugh 
tomorrow i'm going to drive my car!  laugh  i miss my baby 
so someone told me today that they don't care if they offend people  does anyone else find that a little shallow?
next semester is going to be bomb! i'm taking private guitar lessons through snow   laugh 
today was a great thanksgiving! i got to see lots of people that i haven't seen in a long time 
next summer will be great! maybe then my emotions won't be played with    hint hint *sigh*
goodbye my almost lover!
so today i'm registering for classes   smile  i can't decide if i want to take oceonography or forensic science    i don't know anything about either so it would be cool to learn a little  hmm   
i just wanted you all to know that i have six matches on eharmony com!
cereal 
booooreduhm  that about sums it up 
over 2500 left handed people a year are killed from using products made for right handed people
i feel like a freakin' genius! my computer is alive again   thanks to me!  laugh 
<propfirst> called today   smile 
today my nephew gave me a blue piggy bank for christmas  so cool   smile 
"my date was so much fun! thanks for taking me, <propfirst>   laugh "
is listening to her new screamo music 
"oh my freaking heck! they're making a monster's inc 2!!! yeah, that is the best news i've heard since the time i heard they are making another batman "
"ohhhh my gosh!!!!!! they are talking about making a <propfemale> wars 7 and 8, but they're not going to be about the skywalkers  noooooooo!!!!!!!!"
"i love twix bars, reese's pieces, and rollo's  that is all "
loved my guitar lesson this morning! i'm learning a new song called angel's song by sevendust   laugh  very cool 
i hate how dating ruins perfectly good friendships 
best day ever! hehe the unthinkable just happened and it made my life a whole lot easier!  laugh 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile  i love you all!
"i love love love institue  also, i am excited for my forensics science class tonight   smile "
"is listening to relient k's new song   smile  best band ever  if you haven't heard of them, get a life! ;p"
"pun of the day: my teeth aren't sensitive, but they  have fillings just like everybody else  (<propmale> thiessen) hehehe love this guy "
dang  just found some notes he gave me back in the day  what a great way to bring all the memories and the pain back! *rolls eyes
"\pretend i'm getting butterfly wings  auhhh   \"" - <propfemale> schofield\",25a5406fc01d292ed88e97154b5e32f1,teaching my dad how to use facebook  this is going to be a looooong night    
"i feel very healthy  lunch today consisted of a banana smoothie, salad, and grapes   smile "
"i love new technology and things like facebook and blogs  it's great hearing how all my missionary friends are doing   smile  love you all!\p s  <propfirst> comes home in two months!"
happiest day of my life! i just found orange juice in the fridge that i forgot i bought last saturday 
i love new music  what are everybody's favorite songs?
"had sooo much fun tonight! made some mini donuts with <propfemale>, who we all know, is pretty much amazing "
"last night was amazing  i got to hangout with some pretty incredible people and play a really fun game, followed with seeing <propmale>'s puppies, being asked on a date, and talking to him  yeah, i'm a fan "
since it is finally february i can now say that my brother is coming home next month!  smile 
"pretty excited for my date tonight, yo!"
everyone read this! my brother comes home on march 23rd!  laugh  he he
so excited for the game today! wish i could go though  jimmer is so fun to watch 
bieber's haircut is amazing! hahaha
"i have been waiting for wednesday to come for sooooooo long! since like   saturday o o\byu is going to kick new mexi's trash   laugh  hehe"
when the infomercials come on you know it's time to go to bed    
"three reasons why today, yes wednesday, rocks annoyed 1) exactly three weeks until <propfirst> comes home!\2) julliard's jazz band is down here at snow, and they're awesome \3) byu plays tonight!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"i still believe in you, jimmer!"
last night was awesome! i saw collinsworth and jimmer's girlfriend  i should go to the byu campus more often   smile 
"sunnyside is a place of ruin and despair, ruled by an evil bear who smells of strawberries!"
"well <propfemale>' friends, today i will not be able to smile  wish me luck at the dentist   annoyed "
"saw bieb's movie today  not gonna' lie, it was pretty good   smile  that kid has talent "
jiiiiiiiimmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeer!!!!!!!!!!! 52 points! way to go!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
6 days 
up by 7  let's keep it this way byu!  smile 
did you see that? did you see that?! so proud of my cougs 
what do people do when they're sick? what makes you feel better fast???
22 hours! feels like christmas <propfemale>   laugh 
snow? wha-?????
"hey now, byu first, and now ohio st ? well, there goes march madness "
"tangled is out on dvd! yes, i just bought it "
pumpkin pie for breakfast? mmmm  smile 
