7664506cd76893029b6215db33778c80
looking for a new job     really interested in property management or hotel hospitality   anyone have contacts?
"my company is hiring part-time and full-time positions in dc and tysons   if you're looking for a job, let me know "
<--- bored and really want to leave work
is heading to <propfemale> tonight
is heading to nyc on friday
<-----packing for nyc
is waving goodbye; heading to nyc   see you all on sunday
is thinking about moving back to nyc
is very tired   didn't get in until after 7 this morning   
have i mentioned   i hate this damn job
just in from work at 2 surprise 0 a m  and i get to set the alarm for 4:15 to do it all over again     did i mention how i feel about my job?
note to self   quit going out on tuesdays   smile 
is going to happy hour with friends friday   who's meeting us out?
"i may not be the most handsome or the sexiest guy, \nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyone's first choice, \but i'm a great choice! i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because \i'm good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things in my \past, but i'm proud of who i am today! take me as i am or watch me as i \walk away! post if you're proud of being you!!!!"
a 17 hour day   i love my job!  not so much really 
"i just love employees that don't call in, and i have to work the overnight shift after only one hour's sleep   yeap   just love it   needless to say, an employee is looking for another job!"
is off to see the strippers tonight!
is going to happy hour tonight   and needs it!
wonders why everyone i meet is just plain $*(@!^% weird   ?
"dear mr  president,\\i hear you would like to \freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also \consider cutting you own pay to save much more money for our country? \while you're at it, lets cut down congressman's pay too  if the people \who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why would we continue\ raising pay    for those who take no risks and reap the \benefits? please repost!"
"watched glee for the first time tonight   yeah, i know i'm a little slow "
happy thanksgiving to all 
"due to possible inclement weather, not to mention other things, i am canceling all parties tomorrow for my birthday   thank you for all of you that wanted to come   i do appreciate it "
i won't be back on for a while    for those who are friends    sorry   for those who know how to contact met   feel free 
went to lady gaga last night    smile   what a blast 
my day off   spent working!
good night  you know who you are    smile 
just finished a job interview   keep your fingers crossed 
"is cleaning the apartment, and not liking it "
 sad  sick
