a6c235d4240339095f48d1fced1b0170
thinking about him!
going to baltimore tomorrow!!!
wondering what is in hold for the future
"wanting to be with him so bad, but i know it won't happen"
"things just might be on the right track, feeling better than ever"
everything is just falling apart for me
hope things stay good between us
can't wait to go to knoebles!!! excited
"school tomorrow, excited and nervous"
homecoming game tonight!!! go tide!
"sick, and feel crappy"
finally a senior!!! class of 2011 baby     smile 
going to see eclipse tomorrow!!!!!! <propfemale> excited
going to football game tonight    go tide!!!! senior year  smile 
go tide!!! we won 43 to 24    <propfemale> happy!!!  smile 
school shopping  smile  ready to start my senior year on tuesday!!
"school tomorrow, last first day of high school  smile  senior year!!!"
psychology homework   smile  best class ever!!
off to bed    goodnight  smile 
i hide how i really feel because i don't wanna deal with it 
"birthday today, finally 18  smile "
ny jets!!!!!!!  smile 
"is the kind of girl who always smiles even when her heart is broken, the one that could always brighten up your day even when she couldn't brighten her own   "
i like it on the kitchen table
smiling on the outside; broken on the inside
just got my permit  smile  hoping to get my license soon   
sat's tomorrow!!!! got to get up bright and early  sad 
"1 of every 10 people born is gay  that means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in minority, and so much else, all for something they didnt ask for  many gay teens are going to suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them that life will get better, & you respect them    for who they are, copy & paste this  most of you wont, but lets see the 5% of you who will"
"woohoo, jets won!!!!  smile  (5-1) baby!!"
going to go see paranormal activity 2  smile 
"college applications, <propfemale> stressful   "
got acepted to lvc!!!!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas to all!!!  smile 
new york jets!!!  smile 
"harrisburg university of science and technology keeps emailing me to apply, because they really want me, but i just don't know if i should  sad "
new york jets!!!!!  smile  sooo happy we beat those patriots     smile 
really just want to be done with trig!!! i can't stand it
"i'm telling myself i'll be ok, even on my weakest days    "
accepted to alvernia university!!!  smile 
"ugh, my stomach is killing me  sad "
committed to alvernia university!!!  smile 
blueberry   
my imagination is endless time is my energy freedom is who leads me love is my partner independence is my future loyalty is what i give destiny is my heart 
