4948c34a11d3ab7eb13a6e6c4a924902
i don't think my mind is in control  i am in control of my mind  i use my mind i can stop thinking those old thoughts 
i think you are populare in face book
in my mind i slisten with love to my bodies message!!
"ethiopyawii  yehone bemulu yetebaberegne  coz i am going to translate a book to amharic version but i am not going tell you the title of the book, it is psychological based for today this is in my mind r u guys ok what is going on in my mind?"
"but here is what smart means  clever,intellegent,doing good for people,helping people,not talking the advantage "
hi friends i am in addis and i love it 
for those who wish me agood luck and missed me i would like to thank you  and i will see you when i get back you are my real friends and i thank you very very much 
there is a big hotel in hawassa which i can get free internate service and that was great
"hey guys i am in hawassa city hawassa is one of the most beautiful city in ethiopia  u gonna love it i love hawassa lake, especiall when the sun rise and set there are many services you can use it, even free wireless internate services when you come here  bring ur laptop and wi fi devisces do u know how hawassa is an award winning city in ethiopia?   come and see it, coz seeing is beliving that is all see ya later "
today hawassa is shining like a dimond it is summer time a wonderful day to enjoy         
today i did not do nothing but yesterday i was riding  a biyc i just  circled hawasa city for 360 degree and i love it   and i have some pic and i will post it  hawassa is great 
"if u want  to come to hawassa city, come with a great plan you will be profitable!!!!!!!!!"
today i was playing pool in one of the best hawassa hotels with some friends and i coludnot win any game i am just kidding  i will be in addis soon 
today i was playing pool  in the morning with some friends in one of the best hawassa hotells  i will be in addis soon 
"hi guys creat a note and write something about,,,,,"
hi friends i am in addis now i have been here for 1 week   but i will be back soon love u all <propfirst>
"hi guys how are you doing i am good did i tell u that i am studing keyboard?  ya i  am  i have been  a month and 15 days and i will finish after 1 week i just learned the basics and it is intersting, but it needs practice and i am happy about that toooooooooo "
"hi guys, i just learned that music is not a neuclear physics!!!!!!!"
now it is time too get back!!!!!!!!
hi guys read my notes and comment me i need your comeent 
i am just on my way and i will lsee you guys tomorrow i had  a wonderfull day in my home counry i will be there my faborite and free coury
i am just in my home and god bless <propfemale> !!!! i had a wonderful time in my home country 
it has been 2  weeks since my lap top broken and it is still on going to fix  i need to share something to friends but i will wait 
how many of us (ethiopian community) do we use social networks for the better of the community?
"do you know what i learn from the american people? they always have plan \b\"" if plan \""b\"" is failed they will have \""c\"" and that makes them <propmale>!!!!   tell me what u learn from them """
"when u choose friends please be selective, that means do not just click @ what u see"
god we need to talk!!
"guys,  i don't think the \don't ask don't tell policy\""  is not only for the military what do u think?"""
