bbd3169f69b299415fdf7081e4f78f61
is poor     sad 
dellzel is full of jocks    i hate sports!!! so lonely  sad 
gots the mono    fml
"press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click, then press up, then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status if it worked for you!"
procrastination     hhhhhhhhhh    
no school! woot!
another snow day! weee!!
i fell in the snow and it got in all my crevices     sad  its cold    i dont like it 
life isn't about finding yourself life is about creating yourself
back at peru    i dont want it >:
"im gunna do some homework    then do some homework    oh! and if i have time, i just might do a little homework    - -"
"i love my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate, but we can still say thanks for their love  i love you mom!!!"
is it water on the knee?! procrastination!  laugh       ya i know im a loser hahaha   
i think ill watch some indesign exercizes    4 hours later!    almost done! o god!
kinda wished i had a fork to eat the ramen i just made myself     sad 
kinda wishing i had a fork to eat the tv dinner i just made myself     sad 
yeah? well im a fan of stop wining about the new facebook   
98 farmville requests! o god i dont care anymore!
gah! lava hot pizza roll cheez!  sad 
i  love  pizza rolls doo doo doo     i  love  pizza rolls how bout u!  laugh 
"so if anybody needs business cards, posters, advertisements, illustrations, or pretty much anything related to this; let me know    i need the money e playful erience  i go to school for it so i i have a pretty good understanding of what i'm doing  thanks   smile "
"if anybody needs any type of visual design work such as business cards, posters, flyers, pamphlets, signs, or illustration or anything related to these, tell me and i will design them for you  this is my second year in school for graphic design  describe what you want and i'll give you a price range   also, if you know anybody who needs design work done, tell them about me "
hhh    dissapointed in <propfemale> n wonderland     annoyed 
hey im selling dragon age origins for 30 dollars for ps3 if anyone wants to buy it let me know  smile 
sure wish i could afford to move out   
im selling dragon age for ps3 cheap  anyone interested?
i sure wish the internet was not so peru state slow    - -
i cant stop listening to ke$ha    and im kinda ashamed of myself - -
its 3:26 in the morning    and i cant sleep my allergies are sooooo bad    stupid pollen or whatever    >:
o god! fell asleep with sundiata in my hands! 60 more pages to go for tomorrows test! why do i do this to myself    i only had like 3 or 4 weeks to read it   annoyed 
trees everywhere are committing suicide  they make my face leak in the springtime and i then use their dead bodies to blow my nose with  smile 
"is thinkin about gettn his ears gaged    dad, would you disown me? lol"
"like my manly profile pic? thats right, i play with bubbles   "
finals    wanna throw up  annoyed 
wow    im pretty sure i completely failed my history final    its ok tho i had like an a    now its a b    or c     annoyed 
2 hours of sleep does not feel good in the morning   
"i cant stop listening to bulletproof by la roux    \im pretty sure she likes girls but i could totally wear a wig for her o o\haha im just kiddn    but seriously    wig    o o"
<propmale> zombie was amazing! i was so close i could feel the fire! so many boobies    o o
"woo! i got all a's and b's  wink \not sure how i pulled that one off  lol"
student success services chose my brochure poster postcard design out of the class and are gunna use mine at peru! ^ ^
woo! gots $500 financial aid  wink 
without the threat of death there's no reason to live at all 
i hurt myself     sad 
back from worlds of fun    i had worlds of fun  laugh  thanks mom n dad
saw inception    good but confusing haha  im gunna need to see that again   
"gotta go rake some dirt!  laugh  \woo!!!"
"deleted that video in a hurry o o\i really wish i could speak my mind like i see christians do everyday on facebook without seriously pissing someone off or offending them    sorry offended ones    i dont jump down your throat when you post things about your faith, even though i do get offended sometimes  i just thought i had an equal right to e playful ress myself on facebook  no hard feelings   sad "
im a winer    i wine when i don't have enough hours and then whine when i have to work haha  annoyed 
people are so selfish sometimes   
is proud of my parentals for going on a veggie diet 
well    i guess im broke for the next 2 weeks   
ya    im mounting that buffalo    what? u gotta problem?
bored  sad 
"movin in tomorrow  annoyed \kinda nervous for my first day of school!  smile "
hhh    2 guru classes    i hope i make it    - -
god i love this place!!! feels good to be home     smile 
was greeted with an angry father with a gun when i got home    haha    he thought i was a burglar    o o
"if you are taught to love everybody and everything, including your enemies, then what value does that place on love?"
"if people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for a reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed \<propfirst> einstein"
hhh    its almost 6 in the morning and my web design is aaaaall done  smile  finally   
are you brainwashed??? o o
"well sorry for making a human mistake!!!!!!!!!!!\now im pissed > sad "
thinking about being a vegetarian   
o o finally done with that paper i just half-assed due to the time limit    i'm definitely going to re-read the book that the paper was about once i have time   it could be interesting if i could not be rushed through it and actually have time to absorb the information    probly in the summer   smile 
just finished my music test i feel    okay bout it    lol
aaaaaaaaaaaand <propfirst> firth is now my idol    lol
overloaded with homework and sick    fml
ya know those tissues with the lotion already in em that keep your nose from getting sore    ya    those would be great   
i feel a freakout surfacing every time someone interrupts me and talks over me on the phone o o
i just ate some pig wrapped in some chicken o o im ashamed of myself  sad  fresh start now!  annoyed 
angel soft… ? an ideal balance of softness and strength! ?  laugh 
<propfirst> is such a good friend  such a good friend i have to voice it over my whole facebok!!!!
"customer-i'll take a small dish of icecream \<propfemale>- okay but were out of spoons so you'll have to eat it with a fork \customer-well i don't want it then because your supposed to eat icecream with a spoon! (storms off)\<propfemale>-(blank e playful ression)"
wisdom is knowing how little we know 
just made the best pumpkins ever!
"shame on us\doomed from the start\may god have mercy\on our dirty little hearts\shame on us\for all we have done\and all we ever were\just zeros and ones\-nin"
note to self    nine dollars is not worth eating a whole jalepeno     sad 
and hide ur husbands cuz they're rapin erbody out there 
happy thanksgiving to all friends and family i didn't get to see  smile 
pain's not ashamed to repeat itself
only in nebraska does it drop 20 degrees in 1 hour    >:
the <propmale> inn is so delicious    my heart palpitates with happiness with every bite!  laugh 
finally done with the effing flatwater website! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!! d:<
finals finally done    now i get to pass out for 2 days to recover   
<propfirst> diver is the nicest guy in the whole world  he must be cause i was dumb enough to leave my facebook open when he was around  smile 
"grades annoyed \digital imaging: a\design for the internet: b+\world music: b\introduction to philosophy: b\painting: b\\proudame!  wink "
woo! got myself another day off! loving the break   laugh 
look down at me and you see a fool; look up at me and you see a god; look straight at me and you see yourself 
thats a headache  annoyed 
"aaah!  smile  i love it when it gets warm    sun beating down on my face, snow melting, smell of thawing dog shit aroma fills the air    just cant get enough   "
what is this late start bs?
"if you believe you know something but cant e playful lain why    and you feel the need to tell people what to do and think because of this \belief\""    stfu   \",bbd3169f69b299415fdf7081e4f78f61,o o i wanna see ozzy    
i just got poked by 4 people    rape!    d':
people should have to take an i q  test to vote and give birth    i think it would push <propfemale> forward fast 
ah    the smell of pot filling the halls of delzel    home sweet home    lol
"saw ozzy last night  laugh \he still knows stuff lol"
ya    im not livin in delzel next year    - -
thanks for all the birthday wishes everybody  smile 
feelin all emo like  annoyed 
"hates being a slave to money  too many people will never try doing what they want to do because it might not pay enough    its a demotivater  someone who would have usually thrown everything in themselves in order to do what they love, will be scared out of it due to fear of not making money    sad   "
just about to write my zoology paper thats due tomorrow    then i get the news that there's no morning classes    which is forcing me to put the paper off until next week the night before    i think i have a laziness disorder
"zoology paper done  smile \life's good   "
what football game?
yay! i got $100 for my birthday! exactly enough to cover my $100 dead car battery    hhhhh
negative four degrees outside this morning    - -
battle la looks pretty badass
feel like givin up and bein a hobo   
survival of the <propmale>est    is the <propmale> person's philosophy the best?
guess who sold a photo for $35 in the school gallery! this guy   smile 
almost died twice today on my way home from school    hhhh
guess who sold another copy of my print at the student show! this guy  smile 
" laugh  okay i made a new album of some of my works that are for sale    its called \works for sale\"" lol message me if anybody would like to purchase any  prices are listed in the description of each photo   smile """
oooh so sick! 3 in the morning uuuuuh!
"actually sold another piece at the show o o\im gunna be <propmale> lol"
"tamiflu    \$50 for 10 pills     really!? 5 dollars a pill!! \im sure glad that the cost of health is affordable for the people who are loaded!"
"and <propfirst>'s listening to <propfemale> <propfirst>, teenage dream in the shower    it kind of concerns me that this is the norm here    lol"
urgh! cant concentrate on homework!
ooh! can't sleep   
"what you do and who you are, are not supposed to be separate things "
got two new pieces up for sale   smile  they're a little different from the usual stuff i do so feedback would be cool    thanks  smile 
sometimes i wish i could shut off my brain until i'm able to use it 
"so i dropped a cookie on the floor and picked it up thinking about the five second rule and right before i plopped it in my mouth, my i saw my roommates pubic hair on it looking back at me "
"close your eyes and plug your ears\feels good to be the icon of morality\read that bible and dodge your fears\never saying i'm wrong can lead to insanity\\cover your heart, and pledge your soul\keep dropping bombs on people who won’t\\label them as evil yet we are too\but evil stems from not thinking \and not standing up for you"
