c789d8498207064b9b3adfde179b0af9
sick tired sore and generally out of it  for those of you i have    er    not talked to in a while and likely never look at this    i have been really sick  i got that blasted h1n1 crap  really annoying by the way  but i am slowly getting better  love  yay! i just cant wait to stop coughing 
other than that    i have a <propfemale> named meela now    she was a kitten when i got her this summer but i'd venture to say that a few months later she is kitten no longer  meela is currently hunting lady bugs 
just wanting to thank everyone for the happy birthday wishes  love  much love to all 
ended up not going to class today  not because i wanted to skip but because i have no pants     literally no pants and they just finished drying  no way in hell i'd make it for class 
o o squirrels be eating my pumpkins > >
i've scheduled my classes for next semester and(aside from the extra class that i need to find as a just-in-case class) i dont have class till 11 smile 0 every day and i am taking 3 classes that amount to 13 credit hours  wowie zowie! just need to figure out what my extra no-brainer class will be *ponders* where does one go for a list of classes?
"i have the best friends ever! <propfemale> makowske, <propfemale> lee-gradie barnett, <propfemale> aryelle, and <propfemale> stephens! they are so awesome!!!  love   love  thanks for the wicked night! that goes for mom, grandma and <propfemale> smith!"
dude! i have one class canceled before break  my only question is    why did it have to be forensics  crying 
oi    someone's trying to kill me  the apartment temp got turned up to 76       o o;;;;
 love  love  love  just renewed my lkh fan club membership  love   love   love 
just brave the cold to battle a hot chocolate machine with <propfemale>  i won 
so    you know how i said i don't hate calculus    it's true    i loathe it with every fiber of my being tonight        my final sucked! *sniffles* i hope tomorrow's french one wont be so bad  2 more finals and i am done!
tomorrow will be chicken noodley soup day  annnnnd    for dessert grandma's cookies have magically appeared!! voot! so yes    i am excited about tomorrow o o!!!!!!!!!!! i missed everyone  love 33 *sends luffles and flees to find ways of distracting from the excitement* ?i get to see my friends tomorrow~ tomorrow~ i get to see my friends tomorrow~ yahoo! ? best end to a looong week ever! ?
bleh    i got a d in calculus  i am ok with my b in french but     le-sigh  i have to retake that hellish class  - -;;; hopefully it goes better next time    however my gpa of 2 85 is enough to get into the school of science so! hey if i do well next semester and bump that grade up i should be <propfemale>  ^^ here's hopin  i just need this one damn credit and a decent gpa and i can get my arse where i want to be 
<propfemale> christmas! may it  be a beautiful and joyous day for everyone!
finished reading society of s and now i am reading graceling  i love good books  love  
"even with a couple hours worth of breaks i'm 222 pages into graceling and cant put it down o o!!!! halp i cant sleep  it speaks to me when i try <,<;;;;"
mwahahahahahaha > > i finished it    and no    i havent slept yet  i have a feeling break is going to be hell on my sleeping schedule what with all my lovely books to keep me up at all hours  > > i can't decide if i should hope some of them aren't so good or not   
sick and tired of being sick and tired  when will it end!?!
i are prettyfied  and still has 3 more days to enjoy my prettyfication phase  voot!
"1  not a cat person  saying this because i spent two hours with one and that was probably one of the things he got most excited about  (i find snakes and dogs much more exciting though i love my cat to death)  2  if first date doesnt make me say \i cant wait to see them again\"" there will not be a date number two 3  i hope to never repeat the hours between 4 and 6 today  thank goodness it isn't groundhog day """
i think it would be ungodly fun to go sing karaoke  granted    i likely wouldnt know any modern songs but hey! haha 
so my mom apparently goes to wainright middle school > > so says a random person texting her  i knew i was the adult!!!!!
*blinks* so yes    you know that date rant    the subject of said date rant just sent me a message  and i kid you not his 'salutation' at the end was 'meow' then his name  um    yeah    he's 25  o o; wtf?
there's nothing like sitting in a chemistry class and realizing that yes    yes that is where i have wanted to be ever since i arrived at purdue    the book is even a good read > >; shh i already know my nerd is showing  playful 
"oi my legs hurt    i have been half-runnin all day long  oddly enough i kinda like this 'oh god my legs need to fall off' feeling  haha!\tonight is first night of work o o; 10pm-2am  i wonder how much of a zombie i'll be tomorrow o o;;;"
"woke up and started crying today  kinda feeling pathetic and lonely  annd so i am ranting about it  kinda feel like it's my fault though, i think i haven't exactly been there for peeps lately  - -; sorry if that's the case "
"dear bookshelf fairy annoyed please make my bookshelves grow  i hate putting books on their side but i've officially run out of bookshelf space without rearranging them \\it would be much appreciated,\~e\(some people when not 100% binge eat    apparently i binge book-bye)"
making chicken noodle soup entirely from scratch tonight  mom has an upset tummy and we didn't have noodles so those are from scratch too  > > yay! haha 
duuuuuuuude! totally diggin my job! today i got to look at the books and make sure they were properly shelved  i have been told it is the un-fun part of the job but what they dont understand is that the lil ocd in me is screaming yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay! for getting to put all the <propfirst> in the right order  > > i could have done it for hours!
"thinkin that i would love to make pasta again, though perhaps i will dry some freeze some  if we dont take g-ma home this weekend that might be my project "
i am so tired o o i feel like my job has sucked the life out of me for the day hah! working till 2 am is great  but waking up the next day sucks ass  i just realized that i signed up to work on a friday  so i get to try and work on this 'ohgodimsotired-mode'  ah well $ $ i'll be okay  laugh 
*is unimpressed with this 'snow storm'*
*shakes fist at purdue* extend the snowday till 10am? what the heck? that does me no good!
i have been enjoying my new camera  love 
- - tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiired!  laugh  but had a fun productive active night  woot!
probably taking g-ma home next weekend    not sure that i will be able to go what with work and all 
for the first time in my life i wish i didnt have chemistry today  oi    i feel so sick  sad 
feelin like a zombie    even after sleeping till 12 i feel like i have been hit by a truck 
wanting to write but not liking what i am writing    or rather    i had an idea and now my story wants to write itself differently   
feeling like my chem exam could be a <propmale> fail moment  damn nuclear chemistry - -
done with chemistry exam!!!!! so happy now!
so i don't think i an necessarily the worst at fashion but i certainly wouldn't ask me for advice either  yet today someone stopped me to ask where i got my boots  i had to tell her they were mens boots from walmart haha  wanna know the best part? she was an older woman possibly from sweeden  yep    i am a fashion consultant to 60+ foreign peeps go me  lmao
yahooooooooooooo! prepare for a dorky moment but i feel like i've just been asked out on a date  it's that giddy i want to squeal elation thing going on  *dances* i just got an appointment for a violin lesson   love  sooooo freggin happy!
"just went out for a drive not long ago  nothing beats having the windows down, driving through the country with music blaring at night  plus fullish <propfemale> = added bonus  was fun, and now that it's quiet in the house i am feeling so much more like me and <propmale> stress factor has flown away "
nervous about next week  i know it's silly to be freaking out about it but i keep getting excited and then freaked out about violin lessons  it's yay and then ohmygodwhatifitsnotfun?!? yep     i am weird  pretty sure i'll love it though despite my freaking out    o o;; not even two days though!!! i cant wait!!
"yahoo!!! well let me just say this, i love the violin  i absolutely suck (but that's e playful ected) and yet i still made some perdy notes tonight  hah! i am addicted  already i am super sad i don't have one to practice on  i shall hopefully change that tomorrow  i may have tried a lot of things over the years, but this is the first time that i've been as excited to do something as when i want to cook something new "
"watching leap year~wanting to practice the violin~ \by the way blockbuster is closing    they has a sale nao "
blueberry
my violin is way out of tune thanks to my new fear of tuning it  hah! ah well still fun to mess around with  sadly i keep having to play this short pattern of notes over and over because without an a string i am a bit limited (i only was given things to practice on a and e) so    cant wait for tomorrow  i am a-string bound! and now because i cant resist     laugh  at least i didn't break my g-string ;p
sick today - -
i can kind of play twinkle twinkle little <propfemale> now    kind of    there's some screeching and hesitation between notes (not bad just <propfemale> noises) but i think i'll make some progress tonight when i practice  > > super excited!
so my arms are super tired after practicing  i think it got to the point where my playing was getting worse because i was tired hah  ah well my goal next time is to relax my jaw and just in general  especially my jaw though   for what ever reason i clench it when practicing o o clenched jaw= headache jaw ache
how to stay awake while studying for an exam~ pandora blasting in your ears works just fine > > so help me i am so unable to focus at the moment    i hope this exam goes fast > >
considering making a youtube thing for my violin practices    then i would know how long i am practicing    and could hear progressess fails what do peeps think?
bad news mes amis     an hour long video of practice refuses to upload annnnd i am no where near capable patient enough to edit it  sorry! but who knows maybe mom will? hahahaha *is so bad*
seriously i had better have awesome arms from violin o o they feel like rubber when i stop practicing  laugh 
i hate being so tired i can't practice the violin for long  - - it's sad    at the moment i want to but dizzy while standing hardly seems like a good situation for playing  o o *sniffles* where's the get well <propfemale>?
"so yes    i feel like i've just been molested  nothing like logging on fb and having 10 pokes    o o > >;;;;;\by the way my break just started!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
my arm feels like jello    it was not happy with tonights violin practice  i feel like my tutor wants me to be bendy girl at this point 
actually debating on making bread    o o yep    5 am and i am thinking about cooking rather than bed after the night i had  go me 
lovin my violin mute     i can practice at 1 am and no one knows! *evil grin* > >
i am suuuuper excited! apparently i've somewhat exceeded the e playful ectations of my tutor in how fast i've picked up the violin! woot! *shoves sleeves up her arms* that just means i'll have to kick it up another notch    i gotta keep her guessing after all! *dances*
i am so happy at the moment    like    super happy  giggly stupidly happy even  i like it  love    *hums* only think i am not happy about is i cant practice my violin *sad face* but that's okay    prolly'll just practice a few hours extra tomorrow  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
