fe45daf9870f2127fe08bdd4b694cbc4
"apparently i need to take up softball  you know, just in case "
was blessed with tilak last night  it was pretty sweet 
has something close to 10 homework assignments due by next friday  gah!
"just found out one of ucf's yoga masters recently suffered a mild heart attack  this type of irony shouldn't make you laugh    smirk maybe, but no laughing "
has 3lbs left to go people!!!
wishes her papa a happy fathers day!
wants to severely hurt her cat right now  cursed peta and their activism 
cant get into her farm in farmtown - dead crops will be everywhere!!! gah!
has a wicked awesome bachelorette party to go to tomorrow    but not until she finishes her homework young lady  :  
one paper down - one final and another paper to go!
just finished her last 2 core classes at ucf ever! now i only have one more mini-semester of espanol and i'm free!!!!!!!      to bad this last class isn't    :  
no longer has a working cell phone thanks to some guy who decided to spill beer all over her at gabby's bachelorette party  : (
has a new cell-y!! (nothin' fancy but it works!)
must   sleep 
has a computer!!!
does not speak spanish 
got straight a's again this summer! on a freakin' roll; too bad this is my last semester - not!
is now wireless! just like a real boy!
has to sleep through a series of amature fireworks displays to wake up at 5 smile 0am  :  
has a fireball smouldering in her chest  ouch 
saw public enemies last night and was severely disappointed 
has another 36 spanish quizzes to do online   : (
going home to see my family tonight; but first - dinner with the trinkles  : d
doesn't have to work today  anyone doing anything??
had an amazing weekend with her family  love them so much!
wonders why her life has to be in a constant state of jeapordy 
left her phone at <propfirst>'s birthday last night and needs to get in touch with the owner of that house to get it back  - please help!!!!
congrats to mr  and mrs  <propfirst>!!       p s  found my phone  : d
is going to the beach with her boy's familia    and no i am not saying anything in spanish  : p
has swine flu 
"is on tamiflu  yes, that is swine flu medicine "
is feeling much better today; barring the coughing and snorting 
is not allowed to play farm town anymore because it gave me a virus twice  : (
has to go make up all the spanish tests she missed because of the swine  : (
will officially be a college grad next friday!!!
wants to go see funny people tonight 
is tired  very 
- two more days!!!!
"and god said -  \it is finished \"""""
graduated college today  shrug    like taking overpriced <propfemale> from a gluttonous baby  ha!
had an amazing night last night celebrating her graduation with her family  now its the friends turn - who's up for downtown tonight?? : d
party planning for work    but other than that bored 
needs a nap 
"- vanilla ice party at lush <propmale> air tomorrow! lots of free products from 7am - 9pm, party starts when you get there!"
"vanilla ice party at lush <propmale> air today! lots of free products from 7am - 9pm, party starts when you get there!"
was given a bracelet by a customer at work today  its made from acai <propfirst> seeds; cute and organic  : d
- apparently there is a rabies alert in my county      rabies!
one day of this week makes this lushie a tired tired girl 
opens again tomorrow and then the freedom of a 3 day break  happy-sigh 
visiting the port tomorrow  try not to pee with excitement 
"- last chances are never lost causes, but it doesn't it doesn't work the other way around "
would like to go see the movie 9 on opening night  (this wed ) anyone interested???
is looking forward to not being late for work tomorrow morning  : (
9 opens tomorrow!!!
"has to reschedule seeing 9 tonight  in part because i open but mainly because i have an interview at coco & lolly!! yay, here is hoping for another job!! ::fingers crossed::"
great success! i now have a second job and the super-adorable coco & lolli! first day is saturday - woo!
its tough wearing fabulous shoes  ouch 
is enjoying her first day off in 10 days by doing work relating things  :  
is trying to keep her boyfriends cat from dying  : (
- <propfemale> passed away at 3am this morning  in his arms; i could think of worse ways to go 
thank you all 
popcorn + high fuctose corn syrup = halloween snack balls of love
cant wait for tuesday! a full day with flavio  i think we might actually go on a date!
doesn't so much burn bridges as blow them up 
"13 hour day tomorrow and then a 2 hour meeting after  whew, and i thought i was gonna be bored "
- yesterday sucked  anyone have any ideas on how to combat a $400 speeding ticket?
nevermind my driving record  my yaris smells like god now 
has an upset tummy  damn milk products 
is pampering herself to the point of absurdity today  hair and nails?!?!? oh man 
"remembers why she never does nice things for herself  nails are chipped, hair looks like crap and it all cost way too much money "
would probably be just fine if the world were to end  it has done it before and it will do it again 
has a long week ahead 
starts her new job tomorrow! yay visuals!
will wake up at 4 tomorrow for her first sale floor set! yey 
is researching why her throat might be closing 
is in the process of decorating her first holiday tree! the red and gold motif gives it a nice homey feel - go cobras!
is finishing her winter cleaning    who wants to celebrate the midwinter solstice at my house?
is thinking about welcoming the new year with a party at her house on the 2nd? anyone? yes?
is watching the empire strikes back in my new pjs  ah christmas cheer 
think people need to stop taking so many pictures of her when she goes out  limits the number of documented retarded instances 
just helped a cambodian couple build a house  go to kiva org and change peoples lives 
"has just lit every candle in the house - c'mon heater, kick in already   <propfemale>' burr!"
got a new job offer    hmmm?
current events disappoint my stomach 
is enduring what could be her cat's final days 
is now the newest asst  admissions rep  at full sail university!
would like to remind you all to shop smart  shop s-mart 
is mourning the loss of her <propfemale> 
computers crashed at work    par-tay!
thinks something important might happen tomorrow   
has a few cat products for anyone who needs them 
i am thinking of a party    its going to be a birthday party    your costume will be requested    your attendance - mandatory  if you received this message and thought it was a little bold; just wait til you see the theme 
if you can come; do it!
- to all those who plan on attending the very first portion of the party  please call me to give me a heads up  also i have two bottles reserved at rev    just thought you should know  ; )
"would like to thank everyone for making last night the party of the year! special thanks to rev, <propfirst>, alley, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, pom and <propfirst> - you guys made it happen!!"
since when did television shows start being sponsered by entire states? shit we're a desperate culture 
- a toast! to awkward moments!
thinks there is nothing quite like the self-affirmation of seeing your entire profile full of well-wishes  thanks everyone!
called a guy in <propfemale> at work today  oh irony 
just got back from having coffee with the president of full sail    
thinks the vatican would be a great name for a gay brothel     oh wait 
could use a new digestive tract right about now 
thinks its actually a good thing that <propfemale> bachmann is married lest she hook up with <propfirst> beck and the universe implode in its own stupidity 
caught the bouquet!
wants and ipad so much more than new tires for her car  cursed safety precautions   
just watched my brother's dog face-plant on a treadmill  freakin' hilarious!
"had a lovely easter supper with family dicussing drugs, booze and how my dead grandmother might reincarnate as cannibis  i love them "
cant wait to see her lushies tomorrow!!
- another 12 5 hour day     i'm gonna go pass out somewhere 
bottle service at rev tonight  come if you're able! : d
signed up for her health benifits yesterday!!!
just found out my boss is taking me to disneyworld!!!
is a bicycle-riding fool!
would like one of the new i-phones  would not like to get the front door of her house rammed down meth-lab style after taking it to a bar      sucks for that guy 
is going to buy a vacuum from someone at ucf     lets hope he's not the craigslist killer 
would like the weather to make up its mind 
thinks its refreshing to know that no matter how old you get - drunk is still drunk 
thinks her new cat is really a rabbit-kitten hybrid 
thinks that graphic artists have no common sense whatsoever 
"cannot believe how rediculous this oil spill in the gulf is getting  dome, top hat, hot tap, junk shoot? you know what catches things? a condom  as in the thing that should have been used when these idiots that decided to drill there where conceived "
"is the first particiapnt in my boss's newest office motivational tool; the weekly go home 1 5hrs early putting contest  basically each member of my team get once change to \putt for their freedom \"" we shall see how i fare tomorrow    """
"is thinking caddyshack on tuesday  enzian, don't you crap out on me with those tickets   "
thinks it would be hilarious if the last episode of lost was nothing but a gag-reel from all of the previously episodes 
has a cat that loves to talk to squirrels 
"thinks combining gay days with <propfemale> wars weekends is the best idea disney has had in a long, long time "
is tired  suddenly fun seems like too much work 
just won a $50 gift certificate to fairvilla!!!!!
is sampling cheesecake flavord popcorn     my love for this dessert knows no bounds 
"is thinking she might have to call out of work this week with a nasty case of \hogwarts     \"""""
has been having some terrible dreams lately 
is more excited about july 5th than july 4th 
thinks it is complete crap that fsu has suspended graduate admissions due to florida budget cuts 
"would you rather have your child be a drug dealer or addicted to drugs? - <propfirst> waters\    good question <propfirst>, you get me every time "
less than 24 hours until key west shananigans!
will be in margaritaville until further notice (key west here we come!)
is sick of doctors 
"just had a guy <propfemale> out of his car window and shout \hey sexy!\"" while throwing over $20 in singles out of the car  my life is what dreams are made of """
"was super-annoying at work today  just call me \chet\"""""
is t-minus 8 hours until <propfemale> wars celebration v!!
just had an amazing <propfemale> wars v sensory overload with my long lost <propmale> <propfirst> patch 
perhaps the nocturnals will stop scampering behind my house if i threaten them with flashlights 
"is having a rather disappointing week & shall commence recovery plan involving booze, friends and shenanigans come 7pm tomorrow "
"is seeing mic macs tonight  yay, and bout damn time enzian!"
has a distinct lack of gumption 
really hates it when her students send her porn 
finally paid off her credit card and got invited to vegas     figures 
"would like to speak to the <propfemale>n society for muslim advancement  asma meet me @ camera 3: look i know you want a new face on the tragedy that took place on your prospective locale  i would like to apologize for the amount of bombings <propfemale>'s done in your land  thus to promote peace, i propose the christian associates international fly over & build a church in each place your brethren has lost a life, to be fair "
got a 100% on her agent's exam at work today! nothing feels better than a validation of the knowledge you spit out without thinking on a hourly basis 
has been creating things beyond your wildest imagination 
sticks up for the little guy!     or the guy that makes too little money 
"bout time they demanded equal rights annoyed http annoyed  www bing com images search?q=zombie+shoes&form=igre&qpvt=zombie+shoes#focal=71d8e163e6b7950e82ef709d4543855c&furl=http%3a%2f%2fmedia sfweekly com%2fzombie-rights-protest-at-city-hall 3611186 87 jpg"
would like the asap towing company and the 3(!!) orange county officers who did nothing to help me last night to politely go fuck themselves 
is trying to find the rest of her halloween costume     has anyone had a blue hospital smock left at their house?
found her costume - thanks to all who looked for it at their house even thought it was under my bed    woops 
would like to thank all my boys in uniform! ; )
is missing the qwc b c someone cant figure out how to broadcast this thing live    ugh!!!
well its too bad about ringling     maybe if they had some red vines    
buying red wine in a cape rarely looks inconspicuous 
just did my 5k in 32minutes!     now lets see if i can handle 13 1 <propmale> while wearing a <propfemale> in february!
i just posted my holiday wish list as a pic album     and am now annoucing it  consider yourself forewarned! (i have no shame re-gifting)
has things to do and no <propfemale> to do them 
screw grandma's - i'm running to alley's house!
"something hilarious happened    and if i could remember, i would tell you"
wish my insides would stop making me puke  <propfemale> damn christmas  plegh 
is getting very suspicious of the happenings in her house    curiouser and curiouser    
enjoying my week off     but its going by way too fast  :  
just broke my record of 6 m-f-in' <propmale> today!! 13 here i come!
got my hur did and meh nails done  mmmhmmm
"i finally figured out how to keep facebook from sending me emails  now if i can only figure out how to upload my pictures    \\how on earth do i work at one of the most tech savvy schools in the country?"
"7 1 <propmale> today!! from work to home without getting raped, mugged or overly fatigued! 5 more <propmale> to get down <propfirst> before feb 26th's marathon!"
bananas diner in t-minus 15 minutes! be there or be a box!
some things in life are just awkward  this is one of them 
i just won 2 tickets to the used concert on 1 28  please let me know if you want them as i will sell them for crazy cheap!
left work at 12 smile 0am today     that means i started my shift at 12noon yesterday and litterally worked into the next day! for those of you not mathamaticly inclined that = i need a life 
"its a squal!!!\hide your kids - \hide your wife - \and hide your husband too cause its rainin' on everybody out here!"
"potions, divination and care of magical creatures classes with alley <propfemale> and <propfemale> mcdermott  made $50 off some guy from one of the carolinas  dinner at bananas  good times "
sometimes there is no accounting for taste 
i have been waiting for a book to ship to me from ebay for 2 weeks now  normal? not sure  annoying? hell yes 
