ffa65f1d4f675aeb8f7ff32ab9ca6d47
";p; ,aybe staying up all night wasnt such a good idea *passes out*"
you know what s annoing and creepy? when people freind reqest you even though you have no clue who they are
wow just finished a hard english project
ugh have to finsh my english project  sad 
super exicted for saturday
todays a big day
ug have to work today
no school!
life rules
yeah my birthday
saturdays gonna be fun
ug my birthday
yard work    
computer virus succk
they still suck
finally virus gone
mcgill is over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
todays gonna be fun
saturday was awsome
school   ugh
blood drive at school tommarow  sign up!!!
i dontated blood  im a little dizzy
 smile 
windows 7 is so cool
so  me and <propfirst> broke up   
whats differance between pancakes and flapback
choclate or peanut butter?
that test was easy!
"uh 45min of capture the flag, i hurt"
another test down
almost friday!
atmcgills!!!!
video games rule
capture the flag is so fun!
you know what else is awsome books
i finally got sleep!
spring break!
rickys over!!1
happy easter everyone
ug school agian
hspe testing next week    
look up -hot chip - 'i feel better' video your mind will be blown
"typing, typing on the computer   ugh so much work"
man this personality test is amazing  you should try it
try this awsome personality test its amazing
yawn school tommarow
wekkend finally  also famly over   it sucks
video game club was fun
finally the weekend
cats or dogs?
i have my licnese test tommarow  hope i do good
waking up at 5tommaroe   fun
i passed with a 92!!!!!!!!!
why are hugs so amazing
homework is so stupid  
whenwill this week be over?
"pizza, bestfood ever?"
the weather sucks
"memorial day is tommarow, remember to pasy respect"
"you know whats awesome? cello\s"""
almost no more school
oh shiz nit  so much homework over summer for ap classes
<propmale> is over
omg summer
hanging with freinds is the best part of summer
playing bass while <propmale> dances
and the heatwave begins
and the heat wave is ending!
dominos pizza is amazing
<propfemale> super sick! pray for her if u have time
the colony is the best show ever
our <propmale> exchange student comes tommarow!
our exchange student is here! hes tall! haha and super nice! he might come with us to church sunday so see u then!
does anyone else feel like their melting?
hanging with brosiden <propmale> of the brocean! and mcgill! and tal<propmale> to <propfemale> about donunts!
"awww registration, reminds me that school starts oh so soon"
i hate your moma oh snap
wow working at the fair sucks
work is finally over
school just started and i already want summer!
it looks like ap us hist is gonna be aittle more work then i thought   
youth group starts today yeeeeaaah!
so much hw  i might drown in it   
i should be going back to school monday  lets hope it goes well 
tomorrow i start school  lets just hope i dont get hit by a tsunami of hw
doing tons of history notes  when i turned in last weeks notes they were 22 pages   this is not fun
"youth group was a total blast, i didnt know <propfirst> was so good at capture the flag   man that kid can run"
home coming and crazy red white and black say tommarow! i hope <propfirst> likes his first serpintine!
wow homecoming was fun  we won a game (first his year) and i didnt know herpow could dance haha it was alot of fun 
"which evil, evil person in history are you? -- my result: <propmale> caesar  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 53195 referrals status?aid=100000732201803"
psat is tommarow morning  waking up at 6 to take a test! exactly what i wanted to with my saturday
so besides the fact it was like 39 deggres when we were taking the psat's it wasnt too bad
"man lots of homework, 6<propfemale>s of notes for history, 900 <propfemale> orp book, essay, ap chem stuff and more  this will be a fun month"
party at mcgills was awesome  strangly i bbrought 2liters of mnt dew but came home with 4 lol
the week just started but i want it to be over  laugh 
"half days rock, i wish we had them every day"
schools going good finally lol
just got home from the seattle auto show! it was alot of fun
man jsut got back drom the seattle auto show! it was a blast
hmmm should i fight zombies or kill terrorists   
mcgill ois over awesome
also <propmale> made the cheer team  i dont know if thats good or bad
the first snow of the year! isnt it awesome
levenworth was alot of fun! really really cold though! but rickys coming over before he heads back to central so it will be amazing to see him  laugh 
<propmale> is here and its alot of fun to see him agian  <propmale> stopped by to say hi and anyone who misses <propmale> is free to come over
school tomarow ugh i dont want to go back toschool
you know whatsucks? having your phone break  sad  i feel naked without it!
"i feel like last week was christmas break lol, wheres my presents"
well have to go to school now  sad   i wish it was christmas already
"food, <propfemale> good"
"computers can be one of the greatest things you can own, that is when they are working  when they are not working it makes you want to throw them out a window"
tolo is today! its gonna be a blast 
on another note setting up christmas lights  can really suck
"went to dinner yesterday and then tolo  tolo was alot of fun! went to the movies afterwords and saw tangled, its really cute "
man you know what rocks? life!
*sigh* another all nighter of hw
anyone lese think essaays suck
you know whats awesome? doing homework over christmas break!
one more paragraoh on essay!
<propfemale> buckatcha hurts too  sad 
just got back from levenworth! man it was a lot of fun
sooo tired    hmm maybe pancakes will wake me up
went to erins house today and it was alot if fun  she baked me like 15 cupcakes! its awwwweeeeessoooooommmmeeeee
"another lazy day around the house, i should do hw    but its too much work"
going to bed haha i wonder what ill get tommarow    
"i love the snow, hope it keeps snowing "
wait    we have school tommarow nooooooooo
you know what heaven is like?ipanema brazlian grill is heaven    i think i ate my own weight in food
no school tommarow  laugh  it will be nice to sleep in on a monday instead of going in at 6 smile 0 for apchem
"guess what sucks, daymon needsme to drive it him to school at 5 smile 0 in the morning"
just want you all too know that i dropped my phone in topramen   i fail
lol i think the phone is broken
"went to this concert venue, two really awesome bands played! pave the earth and veerleaf four ransom!"
so mr bond decided to have a study meeting with the whole ap chem class at 6 smile 0pm today   this will be fun
"got home from a study group with ap chem, gotta say it was the most fun ive had at school!"
finally all my finals are over *sigh* lol i can breath easy once more
"texas, herpow we shoul all <propfemale> monday"
staying up all night! woohooo!
has anyone else noticed how when you go long periods of time with out sleeping you start to see things    ?
hanging out with my pals today  laugh  it will be fun
"today was alot of fun, glad you guys all were able to hangout! we will have to do it agian  laugh "
i wish my phone hadnt e playful loded
well looks like i have get on top of my hw and seriously work on some hw
anyone else feel like the weekend should come quicker?
anyone else mad about all those fees phone compines make you pay? im trying to get a new phone (as you all know my old one was destroyed by delicious ramen) and man its ridiculous costing 
just got home from mcgills  it was really fun hahaha btw  <propmale> stop eating all thoose nutter butters laugh 
"that was a great day hah steelers losing, brand new episode of glee and no hw"
"yawn, weirdly tired even though i got plenty of sleep"
lol still tired
just got back from dentist   they are so lame
have you ever known someone that frustrates more than anyone else in the whole world?
"all you complainers who said that imperialism essay was hard lol, im writing that thing in like 20min and haha it was easssyyyy"
today was a really good day  laugh 
just got back from ixtapas i love that place! sooo fulll
"staying up all night finishing up  that essay for aphist   lol a essay everyweek in that class, isnt that just dandy?"
"had a whole bung of fun yesterday, <propmale> out with mcgill and <propfemale> and her really cool freind <propfemale>! i got a new phone (props to <propfemale>!) but all my contacts are gone so if you could text me your number that would rock! 1-425-268-3794"
getting ready for the dinner thing tonight  it will be alot of fun specially since mcgill and <propfemale> r going
just got home  that dinner kicked ass!
you know rocks? dressing up fancy for noooo reason!
jsut got home from anime club haha jjohny mcgill <propfirst> and <propfemale> r over its cool! doing chem hw lol
im in a awesome mood!!!
wow hoework is so lame
just got home from blue fire american grill its yum yum
lol i got sick on m birthday woohooo
"had alot of fun yesterday, thanks to everyone who came!!!"
just woke up  laugh  i feel alot better today
i had a great day <propfemale>ing with freinds  lol kimmi your mom is great and <propfemale> is always a blast to <propfemale> with
so the snow is pretty bad in my neighborhood  sad  so i will be a hour late to school
nooooooooooooooooooo sxhooooooooooooool!!!
hehe trapped in my house lol being buried alive in snow  laugh  sounds like a fun day
all this snow   but what to do in it?
another snow day? wow
lol im getting tired of snow days
today was long but fun haha
so since there is so much snow and its still falling lol im gonna make a fire and sleep hahaha seems like the right thing to do
if we have no school tommarow im gonna be pissed yet happy at the same time
now that all the snow melted it is kinda depressing and sad 
"so tons of hw, cms night and getting to school at 6 smile 0 tomorrow for chem  yeahhhhhh"
saw rango last night then went to dennies for some midnight dinner lol what a fun night
"top 5 friends on mylist that i would have to survive with in a zombie invasion are herpao xiong, <propfirst> herrick, <propfemale> mcghee, <propmale> rice, <propfemale> potter and <propmale> gill\i think with acouple losses we would survive"
another week of school lol <propmale> year has been fun but super ruff
had a great day hanging with all my super friends lol
weekeenndddd
shs man thing tonight lol support <propfirst> and go
another lazy homework filled day
what amazing rain today lol defendantly makes you feel safe about driving on highway 2
yeahh mcgill and <propfemale> and <propfemale> over to help with my hw
today was a good day but i think tomorrow will rock
today has been a really good day and for somereason ive been in a realllly good mood lol
today was alot of work but now i can just relax
so yesterday i finally went to one of thoose new coke machines with over 100 flavors     peach sprite is so amazing
life is complicated lol
riiickky is back from college for spring break and hes here!!!!!
today was a great day haha specially love the sun
haha taco time agiannn lol awesome none the lessss
dudee i was so exicted for sun and nooowwww no sun  sad ((((9
hopefully ill manage to get some homework done to day haha
i have nothing to do today  sad 
soon i leave for california haha this will be fun
"just finished cleaning my lawn that was covered in tp, those who did prepare for some <propmale> payback"
i leave tomorrow   i should have fun but odly im not looking forwrd to the trip
good bye washington  laugh  its time for some sun! everyone have a great spring break and i will see you all next week  laugh 
