dbdee6dcee714e2592ae769b89ae5da3
going shopping for disney  laugh 
is at the phillies game with work  smile 
getting ready to watch <propfirst> and <propfemale> plus 8 big announcement  surprise 
sooo sick of summer classes    im tired of constantly doing hw ughhh
<propfirst>  laugh   love 
last week of summer classes thank god!  smile 
i have one <propfemale> left of my violence paper and yet cant get myself to get it done ughh
why is it that i have a beach front apartment   yet im still bored ughh
is annoyed that they cancelled one of her classes for the fall and threw her in a 10 am hybrid uhhhh   at the movies with ash  smile 
is super excited for tomorrow  laugh 
happy 4th of july  laugh 
thinks her prof should post her paper grade   k thx lol
is so close to being done summer classes  smile    one final and one paper left  laugh 
relaxing til j gets home from work  smile  then prob finishing my last paper of summer classes  laugh 
<propfirst> is done work   and i got an a on my final paper  laugh  great day!!!
is supposed to be writing her term paper on postpartum psychosis   and yet is procrastinating on facebook with 6 pages to go
official done summer class woooo!!!! not just waiting for her grades  laugh 
officially done summer class woooo!!!! now just waiting for her grades  laugh 
is getting ready to start a full work week for the first time since winter break   so glad summer classes are over  laugh 
is baking birthday cakes for tomorrow night  laugh    then work 3-730
survived 9 credits and 6 weeks of hell in summer classes   but finished with a 3 7 wooo!
had a great time last night   now at baby caylee's baptism
"doctor in the am   shopping with mom   6hrs of work   then <propmale> potter  laugh , busyyyyy day tmr"
<propmale> potter tonight  laugh 
has the day off tomorrow   laugh 
is excited to get paid tmr  smile 
waking up at 530 is horrible   exhausted and falling asleep at fccc
happy 20th birthday <propfirst>  love 
two days off in a row   and of course <propfirst> is working   sighs
is really annoyed they changed her social work class again
has the day off   running errands with my mom and soaking up the air conditioning before returning the j's hot box of a room  laugh 
is home from fccc and going to work 2-730   then going to see funny people  smile 
all you can eat taco night at <propmale> <propmale>'s whooo! lol
back to work    
is excited for tuesday  laugh 
day off tomorrow  laugh  and six flags double date wooo!!!!
relaxingggg with j and watching criminal minds  laugh 
after tomorrow   91 6666666666666667% done  smile 
excited for her two days off of work  laugh 
going shopping getting stuff together for back to school on my day off  laugh 
i hateeeee mosquitos!
is watching criminal minds with justin   day off tomorrow and going on a shopping adventure with madre  laugh 
wishes this lady would email her back about this babysitting position   if anyone knows anyone looking for a babysitter near monmouth lemme know  laugh 
<propfemale> xi's check your emails please  laugh 
wants to go back to school   but kinda glad monmouth doesnt start class til next tuesday lol
ho hum    
extremely happy how that turned out  laugh 
is excited to go back to school  love  5 days  laugh 
counting down the days  love 
anyone in the area should go check out our table at <propmale> farmers market tmr  laugh  all proceeds benefit leukemia & lymphoma
monday  love 
working alllll weekend    then monmouth moday!!!!  love 
is exhausted   time for bed  laugh 
one more day of work   the monmouth  laugh 
doing last minute stuff for tomorrow   ahhhh!  laugh 
chic fil a for lunch with j   then heading to monmouth    busy day  laugh 
is wondering what the heck she is going to do tomorrow    hate having a day off of school in the middle of the week lol
extremely annoyed with drs   and insurance companies ughhhh
is going to meet a family for a babysitting job tomorrow  laugh 
mmmmmm 4 classes tomorrow starting bright and early at 8 smile 0am fun fun!
4 classes til 3:45   babysitting meeting at 5   home to see j after  laugh 
survived my ridiculous schedule today  laugh  now babysitting meeting   and home
back to school tomorrow  laugh 
baking oatmeal chocolate chip cookies with the roomie  laugh 
"aggravated at commute parking at mu   not only did it take me 30 minutes to park, but i had to do valet, the valet people locked my keys in my car, and they speak absolutely no english awesome!"
3 hours of literatue whos excited! fml
no class tomorrow  laugh 
since i have no class today   crazy cleaning the apartment woooo    and <propfirst> might come up later  laugh 
cooking dinner  laugh 
is going to sleep class at 8 smile 0am
my car has officially died   d=
"rip my corolla, the american cancer society is happy for the donation, but i'm mouning the loss  heart-broken "
my apartment is a hot freaking mess right now ughhh   attempting to clean while cooking homemade chicken noodle soup  laugh 
exhausted after a long weekend of sorority recruitment   but still cooking dinner lol
if the seniors can't have fun stay home   we <propmale>'s got dis!
ok so my name all together means the dark and bitter follower of christ   what were my parents thinking lol
sick ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ash: what did socrates and aristotle do for political science me: they did what they did and they died  oh im gonna ace the politial science test tomorrow wooo!
congrats epsilon class fall 2009  love 
congrats epsilon class! <propfemale> xi <propfemale> fall 2009  love 
come out to support autism speaks today at the board walk! <propfemale> xi delta love  will be there alllll day  laugh 
my stomach is revolting against me   fml!
"showering, 2 classes, sorority meetings tonight, and still nauseous from saturday fml!"
has sooo many meetings tonight!
lmao soooo me! maybe more like spilling drinks than speak french but ya know! (305): nobody understood you  you kept speaking french and hiding shit in your boobs
sisterhood night  laugh 
4 classes starting at 8 smile 0am   then date night with <propfirst>  love 
is hommmmmeeee for the entire weekend   and loving it  love 
is soooo jealous that my mom is probably getting a 2010 yaris   but at least i got to test drive *sighs*
"apparently going apple picking with <propfirst>, <propmale>, and <propfemale>  laugh "
who knew you couldn't make chicken enchiladas with fake chicken?
proud to be ???  love !
loves her big
exhausted   going to sleep since i have an 8 smile 0 tomorrow ughhhh! fml
"lit 2 midterm, dinner, then night with my big  love "
loves her little  love  axid!!!
going to sleep  laugh  homecoming weekend wooooo!!!!!
wooooo!!!! <propfemale> xi <propfemale> and sigma tau gamma homecoming champs 2009!!!!  love 
partying it uppppp for homecoming wooo!!!!  laugh 
home for the night with my boy  love  ???!
heading back to mu
sleep  laugh  goodnight world
does not feel good at all d=
"why is it that om my day off of class always have the most stuff to do   cleaning, meetings, more cleaning, than making chocolate making w  my <propfemale> xi's  love "
come out a support <propfemale> xi <propfemale> in support of epilepsy awareness in memory of our sister <propmale> blain were selling <propfemale> grams outside the student center from 11-4  laugh 
"mentoring at 11am, 2 classes, mall with roomie, then meeting   busy day"
is sick of people   people really need to step up cuz im done trying if no one else cares why should i?
finalllllyyyyy sleep time  laugh 
is ready to go home and especially to have some quality time with my boy  love 
4 classes today then home with my boy  laugh 
god give me strength this week i need it
"<propfemale> xi <propfemale> presents the 2nd annual monmouth's next top model! november 11th in pollack theater at 10pm! tickets are on sale now    $5 before and $7 at the door    ticket sales will be going on this week in the student center and if you cannot find our table ask a sister! \strut you stuff for autism\""!"""
<propfemale> xi <propfemale> presents the 2nd annual monmouth's next top model! november 11th in pollack theater at 10pm! tickets are on sale now    $5 before and $7 at the door    ticket sales will be going on this week in the student center and if you cannot find our table ask a sister! ?
this class will be the death of me i swear!
"is ready for thanksgiving to be here and all of my homework to be done   attempting to write a paper, and 3 hours of literature to look forward to tonight awesome"
i swear i'm going to be up all night because for some reason i can't seem to focus of this stupid paper
is finally done that ridiculous paper and now finally heading to bed   thank god i dont have class tomorrow   but homework allll day
"hw, dinner with the fam and pseudo fam, gym, relay for life smoke it or broke it at 10pm, 6 days until thanksgiving break  laugh "
extremely excited to go home tomorrow   but i have to survive 4 classes first   fml!
exhausted   still recovering from an awesome friday night  love 
so excited for tonight  love  !!!
really people   really?!?!?!
probably gonna be up allll night writing this paper lol oh well its the day before break at least i can sleep for a week after
sleep finally!!! three classes tomorrow   then home  laugh 
cleaning before heading home for thanksgiving  laugh 
going shopping with the family tomorrow   gonna miss my boy since i'm sleeping at home though d=
is writing  a paper and helping the roomie clean the apartment since we will have visitors tomorrow  laugh 
just needs to survive 4 classes today and then the awesome night will begin  love 
<propfemale> xi <propfemale> is ridiculous  love  lol
loves three hour classes that only last an hour   and the fact that i am going to see my little tonight   obv  love 
<propfemale> xi <propfemale> ? is sponsoring the <propfemale> <propfemale> jewlery fundrasier tonight starting at 7pm in the <propfirst> afflito confrence room on the 3rd floor of student center! ?
is wondering how much homework she can squeeze into the 2 hours before her next class hmm   
new york city tomorrow with <propfirst> and my parents  love 
who knew that making macaroni <propmale> with my mom would be so ridiculous lol
is doing homework forever yay finals week ughhh
last political science class ever yay!!!!!!!
excited for axid holiday party tonight  love 
honor society induction at 2  laugh    then homework forever dreaming of tuesday being over
just decided she is pulling an all nighter and finishing all her homework at once because the roomie isn't sleeping here lol
is finishing up her last paper of the semester   than christmas stuff with mommy  laugh 
is sleeping at j's  love    bring on the snow  laugh 
snowed in at home and drinking toasted almonds with the parents  laugh 
studying for her last two finals tomorrow
last 2 finals today then i am done and home for break  laugh 
packing and cleaning the apt  my last final of the semester at 530   then home  love 
wrapping the last couple gifts i have left  laugh 
sleeping at j's  x-rays in the am   then christmas <propfemale> adventures  laugh 
really wishing her new laptop charger would get delivered becasuse i really wanna play sims 3 that j just got me for christmas lol
dreaming of disney and warm weather   8 days  laugh 
sooo air <propfemale> sucks and now our flight leaves at 7am but oh well free extra day in florida what a shame lol  laugh 
is still in disney world   but just our luck its been like 30 degrees and it snowed here for the first time in like 50 years   awesome! ughh!
ready for a fresh start of the semester   but in the mean time watching football with j  laugh 
last night with the boyfriend   monmouth tomorrow!!!  love  <propfemale> xi <propfemale>  love 
all moved in at mu!!!!
heading to bed soon  class at 1130
"2 classes, dinner, gym, pier 511   and so the semester begins  laugh   love  <propfemale> xi <propfemale>  love "
praying i get this internship with the american cancer society  laugh 
3 classes today then going to see the boyfriend  love 
 love  ???  love 
got the internship!!!!!  laugh 
obsessed with my <propfemale> xi <propfemale>'s  love 
anyone interested in joining a sorority should come to meet the greeks tonight in anacon hall 10 pm  love  ???
proud to be <propfemale> xi  love 
going out at midnight on a wednesday mmm yes please      love  <propfemale> xi <propfemale>  love 
2 weeks of crutches  ughh!
bright and early for last day of recruitment  love  ???
hanging out with my amaxing <propfemale> xi's  love 
soooooooo excited     love  <propfemale> xi <propfemale>  love 
congrats zeta class  love  <propfemale> xi <propfemale>
is obsessed with my lovely <propfemale> xi's especially our new zeta babies!!!!!  love 
2 classes then interning for the rest of the day   but then finally a well needed night off  laugh   love  a xi d  love 
not moving from my apartment allllll night  laugh 
watching greek and teen mom reunion and being lazy with the roomie  love 
going to bed   interning at 9am
lunch with my lovely <propfemale> xi's then class til 8
in classes til 4 d=   then out for roomie's 21st birthday  love 
out for roomie's b-day with my <propfemale> xi's  love 
is completely snowed in at j's and thankful for crutches for once because it means no shoveling!!!!  laugh 
superbowl party at my house today  love 
loves that monmouth cancels school before it even snows lol  love 
wishing my lovely <propfemale> xi's an awesome weekend  love 
had an amazing <propfirst>'s dinner with <propfirst>  love 
"is basically crutchless   and although i cannot put full pressure on my foot to walk, i would rather limp thank you very much  laugh "
interning got cancelled today  laugh    2 easy classes then dinner and looking for houses  love 
house hunting tonight  laugh 
officially accepting defeat for her anatomy exam tomorrow d=
"<propfemale> is a person who is the perfect daughter, someone who is kind thoughtful and at times very generous  she will be of natural beauty inside and out  she is a hard worker, outgoing and fun loving  she has the ability to love you and hate you at the same time while always doing the little things to let you know how important you are to her  she is a one of a kind and you are lucky to have her "
"exhausted and off to class, really jealous of my parents in mexico right now ughhhh"
sleep   home in the am  love 
iced coffee  love 
is super excited for big little family dinner tonight  love 
is anticipating a horrible day with an amaxing ending  love 
loves the person that hit my car in the parking lot taking my whole bumper off   especially since it was a hit and run what an awesome day ughh
has decided that today will be a good day   since it cant get any worse than yesterday was haha
ready for bed
"interning til 12, seeing houses at 2, the class til 8 longggg day"
"dearest god, please let my car be fixed soon, and also make the people that are currently living in the house we want realize that they cannot live there next year so we can have the house, xoxo <propfemale>"
we have a house!!!!  love 
"crafting, picking j up at work, then back to mu for my last week before spring break  love "
seriously the ultimate house is now available omg i am soooo excited right now!!!!
saturday  love 
homework foreverrrrrrrrrrr is it saturday yet?
"interning til 12ish, homework alll day, class til 8, cleaning, then miss monmouth at 10 busyyyyyy day   is it spring break yet?"
finished her ridiculous 68 <propfemale> health education method bs   and now attempting to stay awake for 4hrs of classes ughhhh
"eating dinner, cleaning the apartment, the going to miss monmouth to cheer on her lovely <propfemale> xi's good luck <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!  love "
last day of class before spring break   i can survive  love 
loves both her amaxing littles  love  mama family
signed our lease today   its offical the house is alllllllllll ours!!!!!  love 
loving being home   but really missing my littles  love 
seriously need my car   
heading back to monmouth  laugh    cant wait to see everyone  love  <propfemale> xi <propfemale>
i hate mondays   
why do i procrastinate
at my internship dreaming of tomorrow night!  love 
is in desperate need of a power nap!
its 9:23pm and i have yet to eat anything   this is not ok lol
so its my last st <propfirst>'s day of being illegal   we must celebrate!
excited for a serious nap   done classes for the week  laugh 
i will have my car monday  laugh  stuff around here then home!
tired   off to bed interning at 9am
class til 7:50 then homework
hw and crafting  love 
3 classes then cleaning my apartment which is is desperate need of help
really would like this week to be over
the only good thing about wednesday's are that they are almost thursday's
happy easter! dinner at j's  love 
does not want tomorrow to be monday  sad 
freaking out about my anatomy practical  sad 
just registered for my last year of classes   it's official i'm graduating on time ahhhhh how scary!
it is gorgeous outside and i'm stuck at my internship  sad 
oh hey anatomy   i hate you!
anyone wanna go with me to get a pedicure tomorrow?
"i  love  both my littles, both my woodpieces, and both my angels!!  laugh "
greek week   incredibles save th? ?ay  love 
so over school   just needs to survive 2 1 2 weeks more of classes   and my b-day is a week away  laugh 
i hate school and i'm almost positive i'm getting sick    awesome!
sleeping before greek feud axid  love 
feels sooo sick and can barely talk this better get better before my bday  sad 
my birthday is in 36 hours!!!!
i would do so much better in anatomy if i understood enough to even study but alas i do not and here in lies the issue   bday in 24hrs!
in class presentation   dreaded anatomy test  dinner with some amaxing <propfemale> xi's   8hrs  laugh 
everyone should come to <propfirst>'s tonight for my 21st birthday  laugh 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  love 
have 4 year anniversary <propfirst> morrow    i love you sooooo much  love 
last full week of classes  laugh 
exhausted and heading to bed   no interning tomorrow  laugh 
lunch in the sc   then in the mood to get some serious work done   anyone for <propfirst>'s tonight?
"to my lovely immune system, really?!?! love, me"
professor just sent me home from my last class of the week  laugh  hopefully i feel better by formal  love 
sooo sick   why me?
working the ocean twp relay for life for my internship   then getting ready formal tonight  love 
sitting in the full sun at relay for life   have a feeling i will be nice and burnt for formal tonight lol
getting ready   ??? formal tonight!!!!  love 
had an absolutely amaxing weekend   now for homework
getting my hair done with my mom   then <propmale> and busters  smile 
bedtime  laugh  girls day out with the fam tomorrow for my b-day  love 
computer deleted a 16 <propfemale> paper i worked on for over 8 hours   awesome! fml
very thankful for extremely understanding and amazing professors  laugh 
i hate anatomy with a passion seriously just need this class to be over and know that i passed!
 crying 
going to the bar to drown my anatomy woes! lol
last final   then packing up the apartment and home for summer  smile 
home with <propfirst> and loving every minute  love 
getting my <propmale> tonight  laugh 
officially has my macbook pro!!!!  laugh 
first day back at work
working 9 5 hrs today but its relay for life bank night at delran beneficial bank  smile 
congrats to my lovely <propfemale> xi's who are graduating today especially my big  smile  love you all!
working until close   519 where are you  love 
work truly makes me hate saturdays
zumba kicked my butt today but now being lazy on my day off with <propfirst>  love 
working until close
working until 515 then zumba with mom soooo tired  sad 
work in the morning boooooo
working my 6th day in a row but i'm off tomorrow and tuesday with j  love 
drs appointment   the super is excited for date night with j  smile 
ew working until 4
last saturday of work before vacation  smile  working til 215 the graduation party time
today is going to be a longgg day moms dr appt then work 12-730 ughh is it saturday yet?
working 1 to 7 and then phillies game  smile  and seriously cannot wait til saturday
getting stuff ready for va  smile  manis and pedis with <propfemale> then work 1-7
running around getting ready all day then last day of work until vacation  smile 
bed time   virginia beach tomorrow for the week and off of work until july 6th wooo!!!
going to sweat my butt off at the phillies game with <propfirst> morrow  smile 
working until close booooo
53  love 
seriously pumped for <propfirst> morrow's 21st birthday weekend  smile  especially for ac on sunday  love 
working until 215 then ac for <propfirst>'s 21st! happy birthday baby!!!!
swasted in ac for my lovers 21st birhtday love youu soooo much <propfirst> zz
september 6 comes fasterrrrrrrrrr!!!!
35 days until i get to live with 3 amaxing people  smile 
"in countdown mode 24 days until i'm done work for the summer, and 33 days until second ave  love "
has the next 2 days off  smile    nail salon in the am then shopping with mom and visiting our house on monday with my housematessssss  love 
work work work   17 days and counting until i'm done for the summer
oh saturdays how i hate you   counting down the seconds until 2:15  sad 
3 weeks  love 
very tired long but eventful day  smile 
"shower, work, then driving to school for <propfemale>'s 21st birthday  smile "
exhausted from a long and amaxing night   2 more work days left  smile  and seriously counting down to second ave  love 
day off  smile  getting my nails done and nappping after working the flea market all morning with my mom
last day of work for the summer  smile  counting down to 2
done work for the summer  smile 
dc with my parents looking at houses until wednesday hopefully it makes this week go by faster  smile  1 week til second ave  love 
dear current residents of our house   you have sadly overstayed your welcome and we must insist that you vacate the premises immediately thank you in advance second ave  love 
my anxiety is really bad today for some reason at j's attempting to nap before he comes home from school  love 
please please please current house residents get out! i want to move in tmr  smile 
last night with the boyfriend allll packed for second ave tomorrow  smile 
laying in my huge bed in my amazing house  smile  first day of classes tomorrow cannot believe i am a senior holy crap!!!
no class tomorrow  smile  extremely excited to sleep in
is laying in bed at school watching tv and being lazy i miss my boyfriend  sad 
i'm in desperate need of a serious power nap
why is it that ive been exhausted all day but now that i can finally go to sleep i am wide awake?
only has to survive 3 classes until the weekend   just have to make it until 345 and i'm freeeee  smile 
craxi night finally in bed  smile 
sleep  smile 
welcome to <propfemale> xi <propfemale> my beautiful eta babies  love 
really busy today wish i could just stay in bed and have everyone come to me  love  ha
on the border for dinner with mom dad and <propfirst> morrow    then who knows  smile 
awesome i'm full blown sick now ughhhh
going back to sleep and hoping i wake up not sick
obsessed with my elegant eta's   still pretty sick but loving this thunderstorm  love 
happy that one of my classes got cancelled   however i have 3 in a row on thursdays and of course its the middle one that i don't have an in class essay or a midterm in
is thoroughly exhausted and has the worst headache   goodnight
"dear health advocacy   you are ridiculous, i don't have enough time in a day to constantly be doing your course work  please realize that i am taking 2 writing intensives and you are not one of them, and ease up on the writing \\ love  a very disgruntled paying student"
homework please do yourself because i am hungover and just want to nap and be lazy with the bf  sad 
watching the phillies with my boys  love 
got barely any sleep last night because of hw   so excited to be done class for the day so i can nap before meeting  smile 
got barely any sleep last night because of hw   so excited to nap  before meeting  smile 
got barely any sleep last night   so excited to nap  before meeting  smile 
just need to get through this crazy week and my work load slows down again for awhile   tried to sleep in but proved unsuccessful so now i'm ready for a nap that won't happen  sad 
extremely excited for tomorrow night   however i need to survive until then with the massive amount of homework i have ughhh    
finishing up my paper and powerpoint due at 11 smile 0   class 1130-1245   writing my paper for my 430   class 430-715   lipsync tonight to see my girls  love    long day on 4 hours of sleep  sad 
slowly drowning in papers and i'm sooo tired my words don't make sense   help!
most exhausting day i've had in a while    going to the lip sync tonight to support my <propfemale> xi's though obviously  love 
i will survive until 3:45   i will survive until 3:45   i will survive until 3:45   then weekend!!!!
sohappy for my baby etas who got their bigs tonight love you all so much  love ???
family weekend and composite pictures today  go hawks!
just have to survive today and then no classes tomorrow  smile 
2 more classes until the weekend for me  smile 
is having a badddd day  sad 
"dear thursday, please go by quickly so i can have my weekend  love, me"
i  love  <propfirst> morrow!!
got an a on my health policy midterm wooooo!!!
this is about to be the longest day everrrr
come to <propfemale> xi <propfemale>'s monmouth's next top model tonight in pollak theatre at 10:15pm  tickets are $5 now and $7 at the door 
congrats my wonderful eta babies on being official sisters of ???  love  i'm so proud of all of you
library forever attempting to finish at least one of my research papers due monday  sad 
over-tired so now i can't sleep
winter break cannot come soon enough! i have so much homework it ridiculous
"driving <propfirst> to the airport, driving home for the weekend, <propmale> potter tonight!!!!"
waiting in line a hour early for hp  love 
dinner with <propfirst> and my parents  smile 
"dear professors, \why do you make <propfemale> requirements for papers? if i can get the point across in less time why is that not enough? is there really a point in me repeating myself 10 different ways just because you want a certain amount of <propfemale>s? i think not!\love,\me"
5 classes and 1 12 <propfemale> paper away from thanksgiving break  smile 
do not feel like writing this paper   
eh its the night before break who needs sleep anyway  annoyed 
"12 hours away from thanksgiving break, not quite done my paper yet, and i'm thoroughly exhausted grr"
"only got 2 hours of sleep but finally finished my social work policy research paper  smile    napping until my class, 2 classes and then home for break  laugh "
finally going to sleep  smile 
exhausted and having an amazing time laying in bed watching crime dramas with the boyfriend  love 
just finished thanksgiving prep  treating myself to a mani and pedi then working on papers   shocker i know
thanksgiving dinner with the boyfriend part 3  love 
ughhh writing another paper is the last thing i want to be doing today
23 days until winter break and counting   just have to figure out how i'm going to get all of my work done in 23 short days   
i  need  a  vacation !
"finishing my paper, 3 hour class, writing another 12 pg paper, my life is awesome lately"
morning class just got cancelled! back to bed  smile 
inspirational wood piece night with my <propfemale> xi's  love 
is in serious pain today  sad 
"still has excessive mouth pain, but advil, panera soup, and the boyfriend make it so much better  love "
finally going to the dentist for this horrible mouth pain
"still in a good amount of pain   but life goes on taking my mom christmas shopping, nap?, and going to gpops birthday"
"driving back to school, 3 classes, 12 pg paper, meeting, 12 pg paper cont long day but 16 days until winter break  love "
going to class would be so much easier if i still didn't feel like crap
ehhh its fine ill just stay up all night tomorrow and finish my paper  i work better under stress anyway!
2 weeks until winter break i will survive  smile 
tis the season for tons of homework fa la la la la la la la
"so starts the day from hell  finishing my paper, class 11 smile 0-12:45, typing my case study, bank?, presentation 4 smile 0-7:15, writing another paper"
"up early once again to finish a paper before class, class 1130-345, then doing my policy powerpoint"
running a few errands and packing   then <propfemale> xi <propfemale> takes over the poconos!!! i don't think they know what they are in for  love 
i have a great idea   how about i go to sleep and wake up on december 23 with all homework done and all classes passed sounds like a plan!
why is it i am having so much trouble finishing this close reading paper
attempting to nap before my 3 hr at 4 smile 0
picking up my paper then home for the weekend   so close to winter break  love 
writing up my social work policy final and then hopefully being lazy with my boyfriend  love 
really just want this semester to be over and to know i'm done with all of my classes forever!
"1 presentation, 1 final exam, and one bs class that i just have to sit through to go until winter break  smile "
"final at 1, lunch meeting at 2   home for winter break  love !!"
only 2 grades back so far but an a- and a b+    i'll take it  smile 
going out to breakfast tomorrow   then cooking all day for christmas  love 
 laugh  super happy and excited for christmas <propfemale> tomorrow
watching movies with <propfirst> morrow  love  <propfemale> christmas everyone
 love  laying in <propfirst>'s bed watching greek all day
"impressed with my grades for the semester, goodbye semester from hell   112 credits down, 16 to go  smile "
date to the <propmale> institute with <propfirst> morrow  all day  love 
pumped for an awesome night  love 
dinner date with justin   then movies later  smile 
last night at home   food shopping and packing in the morning then back to monmouth tomorrow afternoon!
last first day of school ever!
going to my morning class   coming back to nap   going to my night class
anatomy lecture at 2 smile 0   then home for the weekend and grandmom's birthday
"dear monmouth,\\i have a 10am class   there is a blizzard outside   really you haven't cancelled school yet?!?\\love,\i'm a senior and we used to get canceled for nothing"
spending all day relaxing in my room  smile 
snow is only good when it gets you out of school   3 hr anatomy lab at 2 smile 0 wooooo!
at the bar with my faves  smile 
<propfirst> morrow is here  love 
10am was cancelled and moved online    which would be awesome if liveroom work grrr
interview for an internship  smile 
got the internship!!!!  smile 
my bed is calling my name   cuddling with homework and criminal minds all night  love 
"<propmale> made us sist?rs, choice made us frien?s  love "
re?ch for th? st?rs
this dre?m could b?come your re?lity
"laugh as much as you breath?, love as long as y?u live  a???"
congrats to our 16 wonderful new theta babies!!! welcome to <propfemale> xi <propfemale>  love 
so sick    sad 
"bed time for me, busiest day ever tomorrow!"
interning 9-1   class 230-4   pinning at 7    busyyyy day
so excited for our 20 new theta babies   xi  love 
missing my <propfemale> xi's!! have a blast tonight girls!!!  love 
mani and pedi with mom   then out to dinner with <propfirst> for <propfirst>'s day  love 
very very very busy day   that will hopefully end in an amazing weekend  love 
if i go to the health center and list symptoms of senioritis will the write me a doctors note to get out of doing assignments   because they should!
longgg day   i need spring break now!
"that didn't take quite as long as i thought  smile  nap time, hw, class, don't forget the lyrics"
so proud of my lovely sisters <propfirst> delle donne and <propfemale> <propmale> for winning stg's don't forget the lyrics tonight!!!!
one more class then home for spring break  smile 
out to dinner with <propfirst> and my parents  love 
i just ordered my cap and gown   holy crap i feel old  sad 
attempting to shower with my stitches   this should be fun  sad 
i love my new little <propfirst> pharaoh and my new g-little <propfemale> dock!!! welcome to the mama family  love 
sooooo tired   today is going to be rough
i'm am legit having the worst day ever already ughhh
getting my stitches out  smile 
is it may 18th yet?
such a productive homework day  smile  now curling up in <propfirst>'s bed with a movie  love 
over it
slept terrible   cant wait to nap after my class!
have to be up in like 5 hrs and cant sleep  sad 
*sigh* at this point i might as well just not sleep
running on no sleep  counting down the minutes until i am home relaxing with <propfirst>
interning at the autism walk today at the lakewood blueclaws come out and support  smile 
new phone!!! pin 23483cc9 add me  love 
