5650cf58c523a6a56ba187f4dbd49b91
happy new years to everyone!
"the cats outta the bag, whats done is done, and now   i can finally rest   dec 9th, 2009 <propfemale> decided she could no longer be happy with me, so to cure her unhappiness   i thus removed myself from her life   good news, she appears un-affected by the loss and is happier than ever before, its good to know how much you mean to someone who you sacrifice your whole life for ehh? i'm well, but pm me if you want "
just recieved my offical job offer! will be looking for a roof this weekend and then towards the horizon for a new lease on life    ~viva saggiamente
"finished the design for my futon 2 0, got the wood cut down and prepping for pre-assembly! e playful ect pictures soon!    -vivus prudenter"
so   houses town-houses in asheville   a very depressing thing to shop for   must work harder to find a better buy   out of 12    2 were acceptable   tomm apartments    wish me luck 
nothing like stabbing yourself to ruin your appetite
moving   what a pain in the arse!
moving today! wish me luck because exhaustion is setting in
"finally getting things in order, pictures coming soon"
tired and nervous about work tomm   first day back in action   lets hope all goes well
"first day cleared, finally got a phone, computer arrives on the 7th and have met more people than i can remember   overall nothing more than a typical first day of work   now to find something todo tomm "
food for thought: is it human nature to want need to be needed?
"great day, solved year long problem at work in two days, ran 2 <propmale> with out stopping, enjoyed thirsty thursdays and a great night  rest now 6am is early"
7-11    name of a store and or the hours i worked today   you decide!
complectus tui ferus pars!
fft: is it so hard to know what one wants after graduation?  life changes because we no longer have a set goal destination provided to us and many seem to get lost in a perpetual fall afraid to move on   is it that hard to accept that life is no longer about the destination but the journey in and of itself? when does one accept that?
8pm and i'm contimplating bed   oi
starting the much needed long weekend
"deter me with a quandary and my mind devours it  throw me into the heat of contest and my blood pulses  tempt me with favors of sin and my soul remains unyielding  yet my heart withdraws, frail and secluded, remaining defensive when a <propfirst> of warmth pierces through the frozen abyss  weakness"
don't worry     be happy        laugh 
"lovin it here, music and fresh beer in walking distance  very chill place"
1am finally off work!
had my head in the clouds today    literally
"exspectata tu domus draco, templum pro populus cum fidelitas, devotio, et veneratio \adveho humilis inimicus, pro super hos <propfemale> furor, vires et <propfirst> de draco exsisto solvo et acer "
could use input on his latest sketch!
"exhausted, already searching for the weekend "
"our soul,\forged from trials and tribulations,\illuminated by purity,\empowered by strength,\lofted by hope,\fueled by love,\protected by honor,\guided by loyalty,\may wander peacefully this journey that is   \life\\~nlhc 07 2010\inspiration from kmk"
breaking a fever and contemplating work
ahh   a saturday night at the brewery
"dining room table, punch dummy or washer    what should be my next investment?"
hitting exhaustion   2 mas hours!
"long day of hiking, much needed drinking and good eats! been working on a new poem-script-thing( <-yes a very technical word for literary devices and genres i do not understand)  also some pictures from today will be coming soon "
"finished writing and detailing it up, its to long to post on wall   made profile pic and attached captions "
2 more weeks!
day three of defeat on attempting to program the seemingly impossible and a light bulb went off   hoping for victory tomm!
off work at 5pm   what???
voluntas tu erant hic 
jellyfish poison and my ankle   a match not made in heaven
"complex? i'm not complex   i am simple   wrapped in layers of simpler things, intertwined with plain colored threads of reason, made from your typical variety of moral fibers, dyed in logical colors and neatly packaged into a ambiguously shaped box!"
"thought of a new poem thing( i really need to figure out what to call these) annoyed if i could have it but once more,\that moment when time stopped,\pain subsided,\fear evaporated,\worry weakened,\joy overwhelmed,\warmth surrounded,\for my frozen heart beat\…your loving embrace"
"from my scribbles today: \overlooking parts of a person is but to only accept the parts you want   when you are looking for someone for life you must not overlook but accept who they are whole-heartedly or not accept at all  \"" ~n"""
"so moral of tonight’s entry: if you love hard you must prepare to lose painfully  if you love hard you must choose whom you love wisely   if you love hard, you must be loved hard in return "
"from tonights writings: each day brings new challenges, new troubles and new pains   but with them come new triumphs, joys and pleasures   so fear not the sun setting and rising, for everyday is a gift to see the next one come "
"when it rains, it pours  sad "
"i am who i am, no more and no less "
officially capable of leaving the us now  wink 
is finally going to buy some new pants and a belt 
rest   i welcome thee
home finally
log splitting to start off the vaca
is now a member of a gym  let the fun begin!
"words from aristotle to alexander: \a true friend is a second self  one soul dwelling in two bodies \"""""
debating dupont for frozen waterfall pics tomm   weather pending 
perfect day for a hike!
"called into work at 8am while on vaca    check   time to retro-act this with a day of cooking, hiking and drinking!"
every time i cook with wine   i seem to find myself with an empty bottle on hand 
dmb concert in va!
dmb blows fucking minds with musical awesomeness!
its snowing!!!
"ever nearer, to be without fear, my beating heart cries out \reborn anew, with only a few, never to give out \the darkest night, the brightest light, my emotions all about \a chapter past, a blood oath cast, shattered with a clout \a tingling chill, for an unknown thrill, my future without a doubt  \\~n 12 7 10"
bloody cold this late at night!
and here is to being a quarter of a century old! cheers!
thanks be to all whom wished me a happy birthday!
three amazing beers later(from the thirsty monk) and life is good!
shopping for gifts and then perhaps out for a few drinks later this evening 
let the baking(in the kitchen) commence!
exhausted
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
to the monk!
forgot to shut his windows before leaving for work   slightly chilly in the appt? yes 
where did the weekend go?
"cookies, awesome-burgers, homemade <propmale> n cheese and a salad   dinner of champs "
stay up and watch the sun rise? bah i am exhausted 
outlook for today: dismal with a <propmale> of chaos
graveyard shift
"when the weight of the world bears down always remember   \\the rule of h annoyed thou are not hungry, homeless or hypothermia-ting,\therefore, thou should be hopeful,\through discipline of humility, thou shall be humble,\and with honest intent can thou be helpful,\therefore through humble thoughts, \helpful hands and hopeful spirits, one can truly be…\happy"
ahh a night at the monk
ass  kicked 
"finally home, rest take me into your embrace"
"we are all somewhat limited by what we must do, however we are only ever truly limited by believing that what must be done    is all that can be done   never give up, never surrender, for the end is only the beginning!"
complete 10mi hike   check
"great day   beautiful hike, great hiking companion and amazing beer at the thirsty monk to finish it off "
planning out the next waterfall hunt   
"talking about space colonization at work this morn, where to start, why the loss of interest, etc  etc; came to the conclusion(thanks to a coworker) that if the <propfemale> had oil…we would have been set up there 40 years ago "
hiking tomm? perhaps a new waterfall? maybe   
