e0aee49f632eb39d9f9e0e8060653fb1
happy 2010 to all  hope this year gets better  have a save and happy year 
i'm going to get back surgery done on oct  27  (anterior lumbar interbody fusion l5-s1)  hope everything goes well  have a great happy halloween    smile 
"let you know that surgery went well  i'm walking around now  but, still hard to get in bed and out of it  one thing is i can't drive for 5 more weeks   sad  i hope everyone is doing great with their life  love <propfirst>"
happy birthday new years  your 2011 years old!
i saw a movie that wake me up and got me thinking again about life  the movie i saw was shelter and i love it  can't wait to get back to work and make money again  if i can go back to work again  love <propfirst>
"i apply for an manager job at coke and i can't get that job because  of back  but, have to polish up on my resume and questions that i might be ask again  it was a wake up call for me and made me feel good about myself again  love <propfirst>"
"still waiting to go back to work  i'm going to miss the freedom i had  but, can't wait to make money again   - i love all of you!!!"
"if you have credit cards stop using them and start paying off them off  if you owe 10,000 00 on them ask them if u could pay $3000 and the 7000 00 you could use as extra income for 2010 for your taxes  but, you would have to pay taxes on the 7000 00 but it is better then paying for the interest on the credit card "
"every day we play a game  the game is we go to work and then we are robots  we have to look at a screen that tells us what to do all day  as the day on we get input what others don't like about the other person on the phone, email, news, internet, and so on  but, we all need a job to pay for the bills   - <propfirst> doughty"
happy good friday! to all 
happy easter to all !!!
hey! i would like to see a sale at woodman's (coca cola ) would like to see 6 for 10 with a free 12 pk or energy drink 4 pk 
coming back to milwaukee this tuesday 
did anyone seen my cat last night 
did anyone seen where my coca cola can went to?
did anyone seen where my coca cola can went to?
"http annoyed  www pgestore com surface-cleaners home-cleaning-surface-cleaners,default,sc html"
what a storm we having
they should out law debt collections they are bullys 
"privacy concern - to a 3th party (as collection agency)\\because my ssn was sent out to a collection and also my medical information  i'm looking for other medical places that i been see at and seeing if my information is safe with your company  i don't know why it is ok to send my information out to a collection or to a 3th party with out my permission  that concerns me "
did anyone seen where my coca cola can went to?
everyone needs a little dough + <propmale> = dough<propmale>  smile 
everyone needs a little dough + <propmale> = dough<propmale>  smile 
who would like to see mr kemp on wipe out on abc ? i would love to see that 
"who\ would like to see mr kemp on wipe out on abc ? i would love to see \that "
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
i clean the basement today 
http annoyed  www womansday com sweepstakes com
sweet dreams are made of these! i love that song!
i'm so happy my grand father till here to help me out  i been waiting for my unemployment check for 5 months and unemployment would say to me they are back log  i been email all the goverenment and legist  to get the ball going again  and today someone from unemployment call me  i miss the call because in was unkown call  hope i see this year  i'm broke from 3 8 2010 
"i have bad news  unemployment told me i can not give me my unemployment \check now  i don't meant their standards  now i have to wait for the \letter and have to give it to my attorney to look at it  their something \fishing about that  been waiting for my check for 5 months "
"the only thing i would like for my birthday is a gym membership  so, i could lose 90 lbs   = 140 again   plus, would like to keep my stress down "
i'm going back to matc starts 8 26 one day before my bday  love all!!!!!
"we take several factors into consideration when reviewing an \application for employment   some positions may require previous \e playful erience depending on the needs of the store at the time you apply and\ the skill level required for the position   there are entry level \positions that do not require prior work e playful erience  \thank you for your interest in pick'n save \\betty wilkum@roundys com"
"if anyone looking for me next week  i'm going back to college  i can't wait  and birthday next week also  i'm going be 23 again  \sweet\"" """
"happy birthday to me, going to be 23 again going to be the last one  the time pass fast when you have fun  to bad i have no money to give my love to everyone  sad   but, thank you to all  and thank you, again    smile    smile    smile    smile "
anyone that driving on the college ave to howell ave  that road went to one <propfirst> now 
it came to my attention if one of the family members or friends got in trouble with the law  we all back way from them in most cases  well i just want to point out something to all to think about  if you drink at a bar or at a party and you got behind the wheel and got caught by the cops  got a ticket 
"what is going on with coca cola enterprise - milwaukee, wi? i see they are pushing their customers to a point they are sick of the high prices from coke and the businesses owner are switching to pepsi  have you heard milwaukee area technical college kick out coca cola and bringing in pepsi "
"what is going on with coca cola enterprise - \milwaukee, wi? i see they are pushing their customers to a point they \are sick of the high prices from coke and the businesses owner are \switching to pepsi  have you heard milwaukee area technical college kick\ out coca cola and bringing in pepsi "
i went to apply for energy assist  today and they told me i had to show approve of income  how can i give them an approve of income if i haven't been working almost 2 yrs 
coca cola might lost out doing business with potawatomi casino 
"my aunt call today didn't have anything nice to say to me today  told me i can't talk to any of your gay friends  i cross the line because i talk to one of a gay guys  i would i know if they are her friends if she doesn't have your \friends list\""  on open online  \",e0aee49f632eb39d9f9e0e8060653fb1,anyone that wants to get in my face and bring up my pass needs to back off  i don't play nice back  if you have dirt in your pass i will find it and rub it in your face  i'm done with that stuff 
i hope everyone has a great night
is it bad if you do not cry at a funeral or and  do not cry for someone that you care for?
"hey, if anyone gets this phone number 1-877-244-1399 asking your information do not give it out  i did a search on it not come up on it and the guy told me i could get the information about the company "
"has anyone seen my coke dealer around because i still waiting for my money  they are over due on my payments  \\- always enjoy coca cola"
does anyone know how to do a business plan?
merchandise outlet needs more specials on your facebook  it's nice they have facebook account but they need to advertise more on facebook 
omg! i went to state fair for the job fair  state fair look like a fair  some of the job sites were looking for one or five people to hire for their business  their were about 3000 or more people looking for a job  they are all were looking for full time jobs 
"position of national transportation \strategy and sourcing-02829 has just been posted in our career section \\we thank you for your interest in coca-cola refreshments "
omg! i ran into my ex at a bar  can't believe it  after that check out the kcd bar in cudahy i didn't see any cudahy people in that anymore  i like the bar 
"i didn't want me run into my tonight  i got looking at me again  so, now i have to go to bed  thinging about him again "
"wisconsin people (some of you have some service and most do not have service) sprint its\ looks like it stated to go down (network) around 4pm ct   if you call \your phone it says all network is busy or call back later  if you are \calling the 1-800-636 6111 that is not working also  sprint is working \on it and they are not sure what is going on with the network right now "
if anyone looking for me  i didn't do it 
coke guy is outt here  party hard and drive save tonight  if anyone looking for me i didn't do it 
does anyone know a law lawyer?
has anyone heard anything around them  like a voice or some thing that just moves by themselves??????
happy thanksgiving to all i know!!!!  early!! love all of you!
omg! at whats on tv on wednesdays night  i'm loss  i normally have class at night!
"so, if anyone looking to buy a computer or anything that has a name brand look it up on the main web site first  you get a better deal on the web site then the stores "
"i never seen two gay guys start a fight in the bar before  that was a first for me  so, i had to talk one of their friends one home to her car  one of the guys forgot to take his meds  i was not going to stop that one tonight  it was a fun night for me  the guy that forgot to take his meds he was hot  but never mind now "
"do you hate went people rub stuff in your face? and now they are better then you are  i just have to wait till they fuck up so i could rub it in their face  sorry, some people can piss me off some how   i can't believe it "
why is everyone getting single before the holidays? 5 people i know are single now 
still rain in miilwaukee!
i have to take my mother to the doctor office  she might have cancer or a bad virus!
"wish i had auto starter for my car   <propfemale> where are u, lol !"
who can watch the show of minute to win it?   i can't 
i received a b average in college this year  sweet! i'm lovely it 
is their anyone that is in hr?
"if anyone looking for auto insurance  here are some of the best deals to save 200 00 for 6 months  there are geico, state farmer insurance, allstate, progressive auto insurance   if you have american family insurance "
marry christmas to all  have a safe day  - love <propfemale>
ok  i was yogi bear and meet the  little fockers  they was great   smile 
"i had a good time on my vacation  i saw family and friends from phinelander to <propfirst> point to westfield to adams to milwaukee  i'm back home now  now, i have alot to do at home  i need to get auto insurance, put on my sticker for my car  get ready for school and get my books "
it's snowing here and its causing bad car crashes in milwaukee again 
i notices: when people go out to the bars  they in act better with each other they like  if you remember what them said to you that night you can remember what they do in life  i like to watch people  alot of them like to talk each other or to sing songs each other  if you like to drink and you like to in act with people you do like  you open up more if you drink with you 
who fix the snow machine? i didn't want that much of snow 
"i have a spirit that loves follow me around  loves to make alot of noises around me  likes to open doors and like to more things  but, when i went on a date  i didn't have any of that when i was on the date  so, i don't know who it is and why they are around me "
i hope everyone have a good day!
"sorry, if i'm blowing up people wall up about schooling information "
i hope everyone have a safety weekend and have a great weekend!!!!
ok! why do we need to save on water and paper?
coca-cola couldn't tell me if i was still with them  i got a letter from 401k to rollover my account  i call 401k they told me coke dismiss me  i have not got a letter from coca-cola about the dismissively 
today is going to be funny  this snow is up to the window  almost telling me 
"your result for the am i gay? test    \the straight\\stand up and be heard! you're ###% gay!\you're straight! you can choose whether or not you should be proud of that  you have just enough gay in you to not look like a liar, but too little to be really gay  you're suprised, aren't you?"
"your result for the why are you single test    \'net bf gf\\you scored 39 despair, 75 relationship potential, 100 feelings, and 75 patience\you're an internet boyfriend-girlfriend  you probably like someone who lives far away, too bad you're too poor to afford a ticket  get a job!"
i sign up for unemployment today they told me i would get a check ( good mood at that time) coca-cola has not call me back about my dismissal letter i need for school  i call the union office to get the letter from coca-cola  and told <propfemale> to learn i can't pay for my <propmale> for school and they will keep calling me once everyday till i pay for it  (piss me off for the whole day - stress out)
were you happy with the half time performance from the black eyed peas at this years’ super bowl?
"omg!  i feel alot better now   but, i had a good night "
please! stop snowing!
is anyone looking for a sale job in milwaukee?
everyone needs a hug this weekend! if you see someone today on the way give them a hug!
"okay!, i'm sick of reading buyer behavior and selling needs "
cost me 30 00 to fill up for my car  back in 10 years ago cost me 10 00 
this month i'm getting looks like i'm a piece of meat lately  i don't know about this   what should i do?
i thought <propfirst> <propmale> was trying to save money  not to spend more money on other things 
i hope everyone have a safe weekend  take care!
milwaukee are a mess again  it's going to be a slow day!  i'm going to kill my nose so keeps running off 
ok  i'm off to bed 
i hope everyone have a better day 
does anyone know a non alcoholic drinks?
"happy new daylight savings!!!! yea!  yea!  i love you! \dear god, mother nature needs more love in her life, because i would like to have some warm in my life soon  could you please help her out this year? i want to feel love in the sun, have good nights to sit, and relax with this hot guy i'm seeing  \- <propfirst> w  doughty"
i burn my pizza  nice going <propmale> 
i'm happy because i receive my grades online  i got three a's and one b's  that a first for me 
house is crazy!!!!! that was nuts what he did 
"spring recess at milwaukee area technical college will be held friday, april 15 through friday, april 22  please note that even though classes will not be in session during the spring recess, the college will remain open those days  \\the college will be closed on friday, april 22, 2011, for the spring day holiday "
i'm sorry if i hurt anyone from my family three days ago  that person that cause pain in my life just wanted you to know how i felt about it 
ok!  i just saw someone drive on the sidewalk to get cross to the other side of the parking at packard plaza between aldi between cost cutters  that crazy!!!!  i know its warm outside 
"i'm staying inside because, i don't want to lose my pot of gold tonight to those who want to hurt me from it "
"happy friday to all  i hope everyone had a safe day last night  \do not forget to buy a mega millions ticket tonight  up 230 to 250 millions "
good night all!
their are storms in milwaukee  sweet!!!!!!!
"i miss being young  miss doing the crazy things  but, the mostly i miss my high and middle school classmate "
"it's hurts me when people are not going to help me out on a presentation  but it really hurts me alot when people not like me anymore due to my pass  some of my friends know who i am really am  i can't believe people these days  i sorry if i help you out when you were feeling down or you needed someone their for you  i was their for you  now, its me  no one is here for me  why is that?"
"it's bad when someone doesn't want to talk to you  then they send someone else on me instead talking to me  i ask for some help on thing and then i get bully not to ask them anymore questions  \it would be a great benefit if they had help me out  it's would look good on them  but, now these two people on my list  one of the person was a good friend and good listen to me  but, now i'm no one to them  that damn sad "
i'm going to coaches corner to see if the owner computer is working aagain  then home    love all 
one more thing  please update your virus scan for updates 
"to calculate grades annoyed each a = 4 points\each b = 3 points\each c = 2 points\each d = 1 point\then, if you have a grade of a add a 3 credit course, it is a 1 credit it is 1 point\add the points, point total and then divide by the number of credits, 12\gpa = 33 12 = 2 75"
ok  my chatting is not working  why not?
"ok, today i had to meeting today (thursday) after my meeting went passing though a building that <propmale> gift shop was and i went inside to say hi to <propfirst> i talk to her for least then 5 mins  so, after 3 hours pass i get a phone call from <propmale> corporation saying need to call them  so, i call and they told me i can't say hi to anyone   now <propmale> corporation is discrimination to me "
"if anyone is coming to milwaukee, wi or leaving milwaukee  one hour to get out same with coming in to milwaukee if you from from i94 "
"<propmale> corporation is discrimination me because i talk to someone  \\please call <propfirst> osborn at <propmale> corporation why <propmale> corporation and theatres is discrimination  he is not telling the whole story why i can not talk? \\<propmale> corporation 414-905-1542"
have you notice when we have bad weather in usa the economies is always down  when we have a good economies the weather is not bad 
"alright, i will be at matc all day  caught up on my homework  before spring break   i have 6 tests to do  i'm going to be busy today "
have anyone rental a car before? what sure i do?
<propmale> corporation want me to sign this letter from them  i'm not going to sign off on anything before i take a look at it first  what a waste of money to have me to sign off on something that i can't see or disagree on it before i sign off on it  coca-cola hated me for that 
love all 
