b06e9efc088d95d5709d4fd97d38978b
has nothing planned for the next 2 weeks  go crazy with me 
is afriead of returning to school especially with that dumb rumor still around  help me
my birthday is coming up! december 19!
has turned 17!
"if you ended 2010 single  put this as your status, if someone inbox's you a heart they want to be with you in 2011 ? smile "
my favorite april fools is still 2007
"is available tommrow but not the weekend, i'll be in laguna by then   "
x_x
i'm unfortunately going to be gone this weekend for family crap i dont want to participate in 
"im heading to orange county for family crap, returning sunday afternoon  my cell number is on my <propfemale> if you wanna talk, please "
im so home love-sick   
earthquake
talk please 
home from mission valley 
mid year resolution: smile more often
burp
i might participate in improv tommorow after school  maybe
improv = best after school activity ever!
"saw kick ass, worked up a sweat at grossmont and i have a new ds game"
not feeling like myself
*crickets chirping*
another session of improv 
leave something here please 
"i miss improv, night, talk "
ive never been this bored since august 
8 more shitastic weeks until freedom
leave me a message
my sister is nothing but a bucket of piss
my weekend is surprisingly packed with (maybe someone coming over) a ball game and a visit to horton plaza
"phew what a day, im on fire  horton plaza tommorow hope to see <propfemale> "
my head feels better 
grumble grumble grumble
i just got over one of the worst headaches i've ever felt all day 
happy birthday monkey d  luffy
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=s5c6iizahda\\funny"
"i had a bad day, some people can be nothing but a bucket of piss"
"its a peaceful friday night, but its lonley   "
i need to take a new picture   
afternoon nap   
my sister is nothing but a bucket of piss
i  love  social interview
hold me  please
finally have my cell back from my frikin sister
my sister is the spawn of cthulhu i swear!
i want to be tagged  sad 
please let there be improv tommorow! i'll even dress fancy!
today could've been better
fml
"yawn, i need someone to talk to"
"i'm sick of everything! just let it be next month already, fml!"
"another humbling day of school, 16 more to go, my heart can't take it anymore   "
new photo!
i need a hug    a long and tight one   
fatigue   
i want someone to talk to  _ 
fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml
school is bad for my self esteem
i'm surprised with how much nintendo spilled at this year's e3
"gonna take a nap    yall shoulda been at beaubiens 2nd period, free hot cheetoh puffs"
yawn
burp
like this if you are not employed at all
 _ 
if only this kind of wheather was around when the fair was in town
"another great year at comic con, pics soon"
comic con pics uploaded
"burden, so much burden help   "
a blanket is not enough for a good nights sleep
yawn   
i'm not even excited about becoming a senior 
"i regret every year of high school, especially when i was blind enough to join circle of friends, one more consecutive shitstorm to face"
somehow my mood is better
not excited for school to begin but at least i made it to advanced theater
i don't have a first period!
i'm not a ghost damn it
would i make a good officer krupke?
"i can't jump like a frog for the moment, but i can call and scream like one!"
i be as real a seadog you'll ever meet!
what a long week x_x just longing for someone right now
"it's too hot, and the path to love is long and complicated    fml"
feeling like crap again
im glad i got over a migrane relieving!
i want more guild wars 2 news now!
i'm not going to homecoming 
"now playing <propfirst>'s epic yarn, do not disturb"
"first run of the play done, 7 more to go, im pooped, it better be cooler tommorow, 100 f is ridiculous for november "
ow my head 
my sister is an abomination
family and faculty suck! fml
i wish crane flies were extinct
my sister is a doucebag!
"tired, anxious, lonley"
oshawott is fricken' ugly
happy black friday!
people its pokemon profile picture month damn it!
someone please troll or harass my sister  she doesn't know how to mind her own business and treats me like an immature and dumb son of hers (in other words like shit)
family sucks
someone please troll my sister
troll plz 1 619 823 8975
real women hate <propfirst> bieber
"thanks all for the wishes! glad to finnaly be 18  but my heart as it always been, is still a broken piece looking for it's other half "
i feel like such a joke
gimmie your xbox live gamertags!
 sad 
"surprise surprise, im sick too   "
"sneezing, shivering, sick, hold me"
flu
it makes me frown to see that deviantarthas a good fraction of idiots   
anything im missing in mr  zauderer's class?
i'm a glutton 
"my xbox live gamertag is yitsul, add me"
