c69c9da9c6fb7dd58fe5d1d734659e78
vice prez in the hizzzzhouse!!!!!
ugg y am i <propfemale> bored all the time  sad 
when life gives u lemons make some extra sugary lemonade
i hate school!
yuck im bored
im out people!!! ill be back tomorrow!!!
gaaa grounded go bucks!!!
pie is on my mind
today is one of those days when i wish i could escape 
im back from mexico!! it was <propfemale> pretty
is tired
yayyyyy its saturday!!!
is in pain and took 2 advils that make me tired
gahhh im sooo happy i got the new <propfemale> insperion with windows 7 for christmas!!!!!
chess= death by bishop  sad 
happy 2011!!!!!!
yay school starts back up tommorrow and so does pretty little lyars   good day  smile 
yayyyyy snow day! but i still have to shovel the driveway  sad 
yayyyyy may dance is back!!!
ummm did the radio broadcast thingy   it could have gone better
is sick  playful 
i hate drama and how people start it intentonily
why am i awake right now?
ewww i should not be awake  playful 
blahhhh i have an orthodontist apt   playful  i dont want to go
yummmmmm big cookie
i am the only person that can slam my knee in my lockers door  sad 
i had to see a play with my grandpa last night it was sooo boring  sad 
was hanging out with <propfemale>
its my birthday  smile 
i want more snow so we can have a snowday
snowwwww dayyyyyy  smile 
wooooo no school again!!!!
wtf two hour delay  sad 
blahhhh back from school im so freaking bored!!!
yay snow!!!!!
snowwwww dayyyyyy (again) woooo
worst freakin night ever first we go to a resteraunt and my grandpa is rude to everyone then we go to dream girls 10 <propfemale> into it my grandpa goes i think im ready to go so we leave in the middle of it and everyone stares at us on the way home he misses his turn a million and four times i get home my dog mad a huge mess so i have to clean it up!!! i had canceled all my plans for today for this horrible night  sad 
has to do laundry  sad 
is going to barns and <propmale>
may dance is off for 7 graders
ewwww im still sick after 3 days
blahhhh i have softball conditioning tonight from 5-6:45
blahh im bored i have to go to a freakin play later and i dont want to go
going to easton to shop  smile 
gahhhhhhhh softball tryouts tonight so nervous
last day of tryout i figure out if i make the team or not tonight
workin on a partheon or parthoen however you spell it
wwoooooo spring brake
blahhhhh im bored out of my mind
what do tigers dream of when they take a little tiger snooze?
a hate how they set up periods for next year its so stupid
yum i love twizzlers
gotta baby sit today  playful 
uggggg white castle pizza cookies and mexican thats what i ate this weekend and im about to die uggggg
grrr my bag handle broke  sad 
woooo may dance is geting closer and closer
"hola gente encontre <propfemale> traductor español por lo que ahora soy jugando <propfemale> rato con él esto es realmente divertido, pero ya sabes lo que es más divertida la mayoría de ustedes no sabrán lo que estoy diciendo wow yo podía divertirse con este"
uggggg i have to go to a dentist appt  and my mom has to get a filling hahahahaah meh i hate the dentist  sad 
meh i hate sundays cuz we have to go to school tommorrow
lalalalalalla haha like my beautiful song i call it lalala
ugggg my head hurts and i have a practice at 7 grrrrrrrr  playful 
woooo may dance tickets on sale tommorrow!!!!!!!!!
meh i have softball practice then guess what chipotle!!!!!! yummm
yum <propmale> and jerrys new york super fudge chunk ice cream  love   love   love 
may dance is today!!! so excited i had fun decorating for it yesterday!!!!
oh my goodness may dance was <propfemale> fun even if i did fall over hahahahaha now im all danced out though and my legs hurt a little but <propfemale>n i will have new pics up from the dance  smile 
grrrrr i need to find my camera so i can put up may dance pics x__x  thats suposed to be a mad face but it looks dead oh well
ohhhh camera where are you?????
goodnight facebook  surprise o yawnss
uggggg i hate being confused  sad ((( and i feel like a bad person! im in a pickle
dont feel good thank you possibly contagious sister of mine
just woke up to a camera in my face being recorded   story of my life
my computer sounds like it is about to blow up  surprise  ohhh nooo
yuck i have softball practice and its too hot out  playful 
mehhh   im sick  playful 
im going to a baseball game this weekend  smile )
grrrr sunburn!!! but atleast it was fun at funday  smile 
yay i have a softball game today!!!
hmmm   what sound does a llama make?   questions
<propfemale> <propmale> bag and mango body butter   not a good combination
     not a good day in math   now im in hiding b)
   i sat on my cat woops ~ ~
ohhh noo i think my computer is gonna e playful lode it keeps going woooooooooshhhhhhhhh d: nooo
mehh   softball game at like 7:15  playful 
yuck!!! i have another softball game at 7:15 wont be done till atleast 9 smile 0 and wont be in bed till like 10 smile 0 so bsasicly its a repeat of last night grrrr i need sleep!!!!
   yea i have writing all over my arm
hehehe i popped a water balloon  smile 
hahahaha my pants are too tight hahahahaha random!!!
    i ate cookies for breakfast!!  smile 
yay 2 more days i cant wait!!! like this if you agree!!!
oh my gosh 1 more day!!!!!!!! its gonna be so sad   i might cry    sad 
   omg its summer!!!!!! now i cant wait to go school shopping hahahahahaha i love shopping!!!
   i woke up at 6:52 to start running then when i finished got home took a bath ate breakfast and now i have to post pics from yesterday!!! then i have a softball game at 5 smile 0     playful 
gosh darn it i cant find the usb cord for my camera!
   im sick  playful 
"red wine lady gaga  ohhh aa, i have a little bit too much much all of the people start to rush start to rush by!!"
its been a bad day
fml!!!!!!
   i spilled boiling hot water on my leg now i have a blister the size of a quater on my thigh   ouch  sad 
?????   omg its my name in chinese
i just put my cat in a basket and scooted him around on the carpet and made car noises  smile  he purred the whole time   i think there is something wrong with him   
gosh   i shouldnt be awake!!
yuck i have to wake up at 8 smile 0 and go mow the lawn then im going to the batting cages     playful 
yumm    i ate at panera bread  smile 
i hate people who don't learn from their mistakes  they just keep doing things that harm them and or their family 
im tired but i just cant go to sleep  playful  mehhhhhh
omg its 11:11 make a wish
chocolate milk + bed =  smile 
i had to clean today  playful  yuck
why dont we have any milk at my house??
im going to a baby shower today  smile 
mehhh!!! its hot out!!!!
ugggg i have a softball game today at 1 and im gonna burn up like toast  playful 
why am i awake when i could be sleeping??
d: grrr i hate it when your looking on the internet for something and you cant find it!!!!
mehhh i wanna go back to bed  playful 
softball game at 5 smile 0 im about to get ready  smile ) but about half my teams on vacation          sad  ohhhhh welll
ewwwww  playful  i have to do chores
"they say when life knocks you down to get right back up    but how many times can you just \ get back up\"""""
going to batting cages   ima get out some anger  laugh 
gonna have a cook out with the family oh joy joy ima have to clean the kitchen mehhhh  playful 
"\make one person happy each day and in 40 years you will have made 14600 human beings happy for a little time at least \"" - <propmale> willey"""
 playful  i have softball tanlines grrrr they are the worst my arms are tan and my knees only my knees! not the rest of my leg grrrrrr
me and my sister have the oddest conversations!
people annoy me
ewww i woke up today and my hair was extra curly  playful  mehhh i hate humidity!!!!
im going shopping  smile  so happy
got back from shopping!!! i got what i needed! and im seeing eclipse on wednesday soooo excited its the best book
"so i was eating sour skittles and the first thing that pops into my head was \hit me again tubesock! lets go!\"" hahahahaa"""
meh im doin laundry then i have a game at 5 smile 0 at least it isnt as hot as it was sunday that game was horrible oh and pretty little liers on at eight its a new one and eclipse tommorow!!!!!!!!!
laser pointer + cat = fun hahaha im crule
victory!!! 12-2 good game ladies!!!!!! hehehe <propfirst> to mint hahahahaha
sooo excited!!!! eclipse at 6:55 i cant wait!!!!!!!!!
 playful  i had to clean my room
"a sense of humor    is needed armor  joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life  \<propmale> sidey     i like this qoute!! eclipse tonight!!!! 6:55"
oh my goodness im seeing eclipse so soon!! at 6:55  smile )
oh my gosh i loved eclipse its the best one yet    im headin off on vacation tommorrow im going to coco keys i wont be back untill after the 4th i think
softball game tonight at 5 smile 0 i hope it isnt hot out  playful p i dont want to do that again!!
im leaving for coco key today and wont be back untill monday  smile )) !!! bye facebook
back from vacation   im relaxed
mehhhh softball game at 5 smile 0     playful  i just got back from vacation too    i  getting back into the swing of things!
 playful pp im tired and dont feel that great mehhhhh
zomg first game of tournament today!!! i wonder who we are playing
zomg!!!!!! championship today at 7:15 im so freaking excited!!!!!!
yay!!!! so we won the championship!!!! soooo happy   the couch called me slow though hahahaha we dont get our trophies till sunday at the party but whatever   ohh and one last thing    hulk smash!!!!!!! maaaahahahahahahhaa
yummm i ate stir fry  smile )
im about to get highlights in my hair!!!! hehee
hahaha im now part blond  smile ))
i hate how you talk to someone about something and then in like 2 mins there talking to someone else about you!!! d:
   my stomach hurts
groveport pool today with my <propmale>  smile )
   my stomach hurts  playful 
mehhhhh im bored today      playful 
mehhh i hate mondays they are the worst  playful p i kinda want school to start again
 smile ))) hehehe pretty little liars tonight @ 8 im sooo happy last weeks episode was awsome!! my computer is bein stupid  annoyed 
   i just picked the ends off of green beans for 5 hours  playful pppp i hate it when my mom cans things
my grandpa is comin up from florida  smile )
   i just almost fell down the steps hahaha  smile 
it smells like stir fry in my house  love 
just got back from school clothes shopping i got lots of stuff  smile ))
went to the jazz and rib fest today   it was wayyyy to hot outside!!!
hmmm im hungry but i dont know what to eat    i want fried rice for some reason  smile 
hmmmmm why am i awake  surprise zzz
went shopping and then installed speech recognition on my computer   im lame  playful 
i just woke up! i got to sleep in today!! don't know what im doin but might have a sleep over at <propfemale>'s tommorrow!!!
"aacchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  if you're allergic to bullcrap, drama, games, liars, and fake people~keep this sneeze going!"
whoknows me best? full name  age  birthday  eye color  bestfriend  nickname  copy this to your status & see who really knows you  smile 
" smile  <propfemale>? <propfemale>? ????uo? s,???o? ?? ????u ??? ?u?pu?ds ??q?qo?d ?,? ooos u?op ?p?sdn s? s??? ????s ?nq ?u?z??? ?ou ?,? ??q?? ?o??????? ???? ?u?z??? ?? ? ?sn???q u?op ?p?sdn s? sn???s ?? ????????"
woooooohoooo ohio state fair with dylanie tommorrow then shes sleepin over fun fun  smile )
dylanie shaw woooooo sleep over tommorrow and ohio state fair!!! see ya at 10
wow my stomach hurts  playful ppp shouldnt have eaten that pot pie
awww its not gonna storm  sad (( ohhh well
dylanie shaw you left your little rubber cow at my house hahahaha
my stomah hurts yet again it woke me up at 4 im the morning and it kept me up for like an hour and a half  sad ((((
hmmmmmmm    i lost the little paperthat i wrote what time i have to be at the school to help pass out sceduals  sad (( mehh
hmmmm going to the grampas house today at 3
sooo im in <propmale> ohio visiting my grandpa and we are picking up his friend tommorrow at 4  hmmmmm and might get a fish     lets hope its fate is better then swimmys  sad 
hmmm bought fish stuff  smile ) fishy for me
just ate a giant strawberry flavored marshmellow  smile ) it was the size of 5 normal marshmellows combined  smile )) yumm
hmmm pretty little lyers tonight  smile )
hmmm pretty little liars
hmmm my family needs to pick up the phone  annoyed 
bout to watch pretty little lyars on line  smile 
what?!?!?!?!?! <propfemale> cant be dead <propmale> <propmale>
hmmm it seems im stuck untill saturday
yay home at last  smile )
gosh i can't wait for school to start im so sick of summer  annoyed  sitting around doing nothing is not my thing mehhhh first fall ball practice tonight fun fun  smile 
hmmmmm i want to go back to bed  sad (
hahahaha ohhh goodness my profile is in pirate
ewww the power went out at like 2 in the morning and of course it woke me up imidently  sad (( blehhhh barely slept last night
softball practice tonight at 7!! wooo thats late
eww chiropractor today said that my neck is messed up somehow??? sooo now i have to do these work out thingys  and my sholders are messed up??? ohhh well
groveport pool later with dylanie shaw
uggggg ive had a headache since like 9 o'clock this morning  playful 
dylanie shaw hahahah you left me 41 notifications hahhaah you just liked everything on my wall hahahahaha
mehhhh chiropractor in a couple mins  playful p i dont want to go but what i really want is sleep  smile 
ugggg im so sick of overly dramatic peopled:
helping pass out sceduals today other then that nothing else mehhhhh   playful 
"1 us history-monhollen\2 spanish-black\3 science-chappelear\4 lunch\5 industrial tech\6english-cambell\7 pre-algabra-hemmerly"
blehhhhh i cant stop coughing  playful p
is anybodys locker by 2323????
either softball practice or open house today  annoyed  mehhhh why do they have to be at the exact same time! its probably gonna be softball
baaahahahaha i love it when people have mood swings  smile )
god why when i talk to someone do they think i like them why cant it just be friends!!! jeshhhhh people are immature
going to the football game with dylanie then sleeping over fun fun  smile ) still havent gone school supply shopping yet  annoyed 
theres a place downtown where the freaks all come around its a hole in the wall its a dirty free for all  smile )
blehhhh im shopping for school supplies  playful  i thought i lost my schedual and almost had a panic attack ohhhh well  smile 
going boating today!! possibly wave boarding?!?!?! hmmmm yess i think so  school starts tommorrow sooo incredibly excited!
someone got shot in my neighborhood and possibly died  sad (( this makes me really want to move
dang it! i left that stupid spanish paper in my locker so now i cant do my homework darn!
blehhhh school is really making me tired  playful p
first game tonight at 7 smile 0 we are gonna win go bucks!!!
<propfemale> <propfirst> davies  it turns out im going to the game tonight so ill see ya there  smile ))
i ate a hotdog for lunch and now my stomach hurts ohhhh well  playful 
just got back from my dad and his friends fantasy football draft party i think im gonna take a nap  smile 
mehh even on 2hr delays im tired when i get home from school what the crap!!!!
"mmk so i just saw this and it made me chuckle hahahaha   chuckle    so this guy goes up to this girl and the guy says to the girl \y do u wear a bra? u have nothing to put in it\"" and the girl says \""you wear pants don't u?\"""""
possible norths soccer game tonight cuz my sister wants to see her boyfriend play and she wants to take me
softball game tonight at 7:15 cant wait first game of the season!!!! need to listin to music that pumps people up!
not even an hour before my game starts!!! im nervous  playful ppp ohh well i work better under pressure
   my computer is bein stupid  playful p  blehhha and if anyone is in spanish can you please tell me what the homework was over in the book??
goodness its like 2 degrees in my house so im rocking some messy hair and a giant black hoddie   and   shorts   mabey if i wasnt wearing those i would be warmer hmmm i need some jeans  smile )) go buckeyes!
i was watching those 9 11 shows on tv and started crying so i decided i would come down here on my computer and not watch tv for awile
its halftime and the score is miami 17- ohio state 26  smile ))) lets lets go bucks!!!
softball game today at 3 i think but i have to get there super early for pictures  playful p blehhhh i hate taking pictures lets hope we kick some butt like last game  smile ))
 love   love   love  leftover chinese food  love   love   love 
"brennan: yea thts all tru\me: i know im a genius  smile )\brennan: haha yea\me: you admited it!\its pretty sad that i get that excited when people admit im a genius brennan lambert"
working on science project then probably sleeping  smile ))) ohhh i love sleep  love 
like this and ill right a paragraph about you  smile ))
lalalalalal softball game tonight at 7:15 !! woooo excited
ohhhh no tornado sirens!!! i thought all the stuff was by dublin and westerville though   imma check if my game is cancled  playful 
"you\can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  i will answer no matter \what  you have my complete honesty for 24 hours  i dare you to put this \as your status and see what people ask you!"
teen night tonight  smile )))
"hahaha teen night then <propfemale> <propfirst> davies  house was <propfemale> funny hahahaha its so fun to mess with people on the phone when your tired \are you like drunk or something\"" \""no im slap happy!!! \"" hahahahahahaha"""
"like this if you would date me\if you love me put a ?\if your my friend, put a ( annoyed if you hate me put a   annoyed copy this & see how people feel about you !"
wtf 70 notifications?!?!?!?! ohhhh its on dylanie shaw
ugggg softball game tonight at 5 and i feel like crap cuz im sick   there must be something going around  playful pp i really want my game to be cancled cuzz im not gonna be able to play with out passing out  sad (
blehhhhhh im sick  playful p
still feeling like poop  playful p and im bored out of my mind blehhhhhh story of my life  smile ))
yummm just made an egg sandwich  smile )
no football game for me my mom thinks its just gonna get rained out     sad (
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time w o speaking to you and never question the friendship  repost if you have at least one true friend "
at osu game with parents tailgating
ohio states kickin some butt  smile )) still eastern michagan should not have scored as many points as they have so far
i'm in the middle of a feild   dose this seem odd to anyone other then me
soo   i found my ipod   now wheres the charger??
softball game then possibly golf later   i dont know
people really tick me off
"my friend almost got hit by a car but i pulled him out of the way and the lady driving says \you kids are so f***in stupid!\"" and drives away   yea dont i have nice neighbors"""
good day at school!! going to the football game later  smile ))
bout to go to the game  smile ))))
hmmmm apple picking  smile ) that is a true sign of fall
hi im <propfirst>  smile 
yummmyyy                                                                                     toxic cake with dylanie shaw  smile ))))) hahah yeppp im cool like that
havent slept in over 24 hours   and i have a game at 3    i probably should have planned this better
gosh the softball game was freezing!!!! we tied 14-14 i caught the ball that ended the game(thank god if i missed i would have been jumped  smile ))) hahahahaa ohhhh welll we are still undefeted  smile ) good game ladies
game tonight at 5:15 lets play better then we did last night ladies    i dont like tying winning is better
blahhhh nothing going on just making student council posters you people better vote for me!  smile ))
"hahaha well cant beleve im doing this\like this and ill write one thing i love about you and one thing i hate "
"<propfemale> love love how funny you are  smile )\hate that you say my head is big hahahaha"
"makayla <propfemale> tatarko love how your my sister and we act basicly the same  smile ))\hate that we only have one class together  sad ("
"<propfirst> kurguz  love how you are funny ang get my stupid humor\hate: haw we dont <propfemale> out as much as we should  sad "
"<propfirst> kemmerling lvoe: how we <propfemale> out in industrial tech\hate how thats the only class we have together"
"<propfemale> thompson love how nice you are to everyone and how you make me laugh  smile )\hate: how we dont <propfemale> out very much(not including softball)"
well i need more poster bored o o boooo poster making is boring and i suck at it
found something out in english today batman is better then superman  laugh d
hmmm why am i awake you ask?? well imm going tailgating today and had to wake up early so we could leave and get a good spot thats why   smile ) go bucks
softball game at 3  laugh dd lets go pepto  laugh 
game tonight at 7:15 wooo even if we lose we are still regular season champs again  laugh dd woooooo good job pepto!
first game of the tounament tonight at 5ish lets kick some butt pepto  laugh d
ohhh myyyy goodnesss!! championship game tonight at 6 smile 0 sooo incredibly nervous!!!!!! lets kick some butt and be champs pepto  laugh 
<propfirst> hood = best movie i have ever seen in my entire life  laugh  you should all watch it
championship game last night we got to end the game early because we beat the snot out of them  laugh ddd woooooooo pepto is the fall ball 2010 champions  smile ) good game ladies
hmm im reading a book (gasp) hehehe
blehh its not even halftime yet and i i was about to throw my shoe at the tv  playful pp wisconsin better not win   go bucks
booo this 4 day weekend is coming to a close  sad (( atleast i have a softball party  laugh d
hmmm i think i might have a cold fun fun  laugh d
didnt kill my computer  laugh dd my cat just unpluged something thank god  laugh dddd
"hmm because everyone elese iss  smile )\like this and ill rate you 1-10"
hmmmm going out to eat soon  laugh d yummm im hungry
if anyone knows where <propfemale> is can you please tell me or seleena oden
<propfemale> im serious you are scaring me if you see this go home!
so help me god chelsy <propfemale> pasicka if you dont go home right now you are in serious trouble!
<propfemale> pasicka is home!!!!!
my grandpas coming over and taking my family out to eat  laugh dddddd
dangggggg so many fights today!!!!
kick off at noon i believe lets hope we win this  one gooo bucks
 love   love   love  home made chicken noodle soup on a cold day  love   love   love 
if yardwork was a person i would kill it  smile 
hmmm have to try again next year
hmmm im not feeling well  playful 
i had a bad day  sad 
now im not talking to all of you but you seventh graders need to grow up like now me makayla <propfemale> tatarko and <propfemale> suver had to break up a fight today thats ridiculous!!! grow up and let it go in real life you cant just go up to someone and hit them and excpect your problems to be over life dosent work that way!!! grow up!
"hmmmm i look beautiful with my fake unibrow, blue eyeshadow, mole  bright red lipstick,glasses and nerd clothes  laugh dd"
blehhhh headache  playful p
i got a giant thing of aussie shampoo and conditoner its huge!!!!!
ive been baking bread since i got home    now i have to wait an hour for it to rise     playful pp this sucks
my bread dough isnt rising    thats proabably bad right???
my breads in the oven   it didnt rise???(dont ask me why) sooo yeaaaa probably going to wake up early tommorrow and bake some new bread    this would happen to me d:
hmmm the bread could be worse   but could be better    hahahahhaa
my bread tastes like poop   ohhh well
i went to cut my bread in half ant it was still doughy in the middle   now im trying to rebake it  playful p i suck at baking
blehhhh i really dont feel like going to school tommorrow
's computer is going brrrrrsssssssrrrrsrsrsrssrs hmmm its gonna e playful lode hahahahaha
you plead with people to do something that would make them a better person and they do the opposite    story of my life
is that a hot pocket?!?!?!!?!?!?!? nope its a corndog!!!!! <propfemale> gebremariam <propfirst> kemmerling  hahahahaaha
halloween party with dylanie shaw hahaha then spending the night yay fun fun
hmmmm im tired   i should probably sleep
blehhhh im bored and this turn your clock back an hour thing has me completly messed upppp
my computers going woooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
hmmm guess what??? (what) i have a headache  playful pp blehhhhhhh
if there is anything ive learned in my short 14 years of life its that people never cease so amaze me 
my hair is up in braids cuzzz i want it to be curly tommorow    i look funny hahahaha ohhhhh well!!!
<propfemale> ive have figured out disturbing news some of the people on here cough cough <propmale> ruckle cough think jurasic park is better then lord of the rings   poor illinformed people
like this and ill write something really random on your wall  smile )
"leave one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot, anything you remember! don't send a message, leave a comment on here  next, re-post this in your notes and see how many people leave a memory about you   "
at the wall
my computer is now on pirate  smile )) hehehehe on the top news thing it ways shiniest booty  smile ) hahahahahaha
hmmm osu game today at 3 smile 0 we better beat penn state ( wtf is a nitny lion??) ohhh well go bucks
because everyone else is   like this for a why wassup
hmmm i have heart burn   weird
inbox me a question and ill truthfully as my status ?   i think this is the q and a?
"q:am i beautiful? ( the person asked about themselves i think    )\a: i would say no but then i would feel bad      smile ) hahahahahahaha"
"q: am i beautiful?\a: absalutly positutly"
"q:y do u always wait till social studies to do ur spanish hw ?\a: when else am i supposed to do it???? haha"
"q annoyed hould we <propfemale> out soon?\a: yessssss!!!!"
"q: am i one of your best friends?\a: yessss!! hahahaha"
hmmm i think i should take a nap  love   smile 
i really need to upload new pictures   or just edit some    i really need to find my camera charger!!!!
eating cookies  love 
"divorce, being dragged in the hall way, being sat on, being pushed into a locker, and singing not very nice songs on the bus    if my life was a movie it would be awsome!!! hahahaah good day"
blehhhhh im getting sooo sick of fall i want summer back
like this status if you would care if i died & then recopy it as your status 
hmmmm    i dont want to go to school tommorrow     playful  im still tired from dylanies party
yummmmmmm   nacho day tommorrow!
nacho day todayyyyy  smile )) yummm
thank god its a 5 day weekend
yummmmmm turkey day tommorrow cant wait!!!!
   i just noticed like 90% of my posts are about food    hahahahahahaha i feel like a pig  smile )))
happy thanksgiving!!!!!    im sooooo stuffed  smile )))  love  turkey love 
sooooo stinkin happy finnaly got wifi
hmmmm i still feel fat from yesterday  laugh 
my home <propfemale> on here is bing   i pull up internet and a giant squirrle is staring back at me  smile ))) hahaha it cracked me up
my cats been keeping me up since 3     i cant get back to sleep  but ohio state game today its the big one against michigan (ewwie) lets go bucks!!!!!!
   trying to use oovoo    hahah having issues
"hahahaa i finnaly got it to work  smile )))\video call me now http annoyed  webvideocall oovoo com callme mbwilliams 287"
hey you beavers stop chuckin my wood!!! haha
eww cant belive we have school tommorrow  playful  it was starting to feel like summer vacation again    except for the cold hahahaha
my alarm clock woke me up at 4:45   n hour early and i thought it was 5:45 and i didnt find out till i was eating my breakfast   its just gonna be one of those days  playful 
hey i woke up on time today  smile )))))
heyyyy whats <propfemale> whites actul name?????
came home and took a 2 hour nap  smile )) it was nice
wtf why are like 20 peoples profile pics pokemon?????
had a bad day   the immaturity of people really ticks me off 
hmmmm just woke up and im still in bed  smile ) i love how warm it is  smile )) my grandma and grandpa should be here somtime this morning  smile )) i get to <propfemale> out with them yay!!!!! hahahaha wow   im so tired it took me like 2mins to type this  smile 
withh the family about to go bowling  smile )))
blehhhhhhh why am i not asleep right now???????
"change\your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  \join the fight against child abuse  copy and paste to your status to \invite your friends to do the"
hey people ive been helping with toys for tots and they really need toys for girls 6-12 and boys 9-12 and little things like puzzles and babydolls if you want to donate drop off toys at the <propmale> fire department to help someone have a <propfemale> christmas  smile 
its nice to wake up and not feel tired  smile )
well hello snow i thought i told you to never come back  smile )))
blehhhhhh im sick  playful p
i almost got a pink slip on the bus for laughing too loud    i didnt understand it either annoyed 
if you send me a number in my imbox ill write a status about you  laugh 
#1015    your a freak 
hahaha i couldnt figure out how to post a status   i dont like how things on her changed
555 i  love  you  smile )) your like my sister and your one of my best friends in the world  smile 
456 hahahaha your one of my best friends and you can make me laugh even when im in a poopy mood hahaha
2444 smile  you one of the nicest people ive ever ment and i  love  youuuu your sooo funny and your laugh is contagious
helped at the firefighters for kids toy drive this moring for 5 hours they got lots of toys which is good  smile ) yeah i was lable lady i labled like 200 boxes   it was fun
trying to find some resturant close by thats showing the browns gam  laugh 
"blehhh trying to memorize spanish skit \p"""
i am waiting patiently for the tv to say pickerington local school no school   but it hast happened yet  sad 
i feel like a ninja   the latch on my gate was frozen so it wouldnt open and i kicked it then it opened hahahaa
i love how i can sing extreemly loud (and poorly) and not care  smile 
if i wrote down all my dreams and published them into a book it would be a best seller  smile 
i have to redo my entire powerpoint presentation    ugggggg
blehhhh im not feeling good   thanks <propfirst>! haha
<propfemale> gebremariam since im sick today my mom dosent want any one comin over so we cant do cookies today sorry  sad (
i was sitting on the stool in the kitchen this morning and i fell off and landed on my wrist and now it has a bump on it and it hurts
thank god theres only 2 days of school this week!!! its almost christmas!!!!!
<propfemale> hat tommorrow!  smile 
yayyy im wearing my <propfemale> hat!!
disgusting bus ride home i almost vomited
i cant believe theres only 2 more days untill christmas this year has been so short!
hahahahahaha i sent to many messages to my dad asking him to add me that it temporailly blocked me from sending messages because it thinks im being abbusive of annoying hahahahahahaha woooooowwwww
just in case i dont get on tommorrow and friday     <propfemale> christmas and happy holidays!!!
wow!!!! its christmas <propfemale> and what am i doing    sitting im bed  smile )))
gaaaaaa i cant wait untill tommorrow!!!!! i keep getting on here to waste time!
<propfemale> christms!!!! dont you hate it when your the first awake on christmas   it happens to me every year
best christmas ever!!!! i got exactly what i wanted
hanging with the family watching movies htc  smile )))))
gaaaa shortcuts on  my desktop keep disapearing??? wtf??
"im trying to fix the troubleshotter on my laptop it keeps \eating\"" my short cuts cuz it thinks they are broken   wtf?"""
spending the night at dylanie shaw   smile )) fun fun
back from dylanies and the grandparents i feel like poop hmu
uggg im sick so im gonna be in bed all day  text
gaaa i hate being sick its so boring
not sick today  smile ) im really ready for school to start  smile )
 love  panera bread love 
hmmm possibly seeing tron today 
hmm nothing today  playful  htc
happy new years everyone  laugh 
cant waittttt pretty little lyars at 8
hmmmm why am i so tired??
gaaaaa i have a headache   i complain alot dont i?
hahaha im watchin the episode of spongebob where he has flees hahaha ohhh i love spongebob
gaaaa i cant wait for jersey shore!!!
im ready to be a ninja!
gaaaaa i ate too much spagetti(did i spell that right?) and pretty little lyars tommorrow  smile 
ga! i feel like poop
snowday sounds really good right now  smile 
like my status and ill write a color that describes you  smile ))
keep the snow comin!
how in the world do you get a bluray player to show up on the tv we can hear it but not see it darn technology?
boo i have a sinking feeling that we are gonna have school tommorrow  crying 
ugggg i really dont feel like going to school
ga! i ate too much kfc hahaha i still dont know what i want my haircut to be   i just might let the sylist do what ever she wants
ga!the vast majority of 7th graders on my bus are sooooo annoying
what???my zodiac sign is now capricorn??
finnaly getting my hair cut tommorrow  smile 
   i wonder how you say i need to study for the spanish midterm in spanish   hmmm  sad 
hair cutt todayyyy  smile  wonder what it will look like?
hmmm i now have bangs again    they keep getting in my eyes hahahaa
gosh im addicted to robot unicorn attaack
ice skating with dylanie  smile 
i was suprised the spanish exam was easy!
"dylanie <propfemale> shaw  needs to get on oovoo\video call me now http annoyed  webvideocall oovoo com callme mbwilliams 287"
uggg thank god for whoever created long weekends
im having one of those days were you just want to sit on the couch all day in a snuggie and watch lord of the rings
"if you love me; comment on this status\if you think i'm good friend; like this status\if you ever had a crush on me; poke me\if you hate me; message me && tell me why\if your not scared post this as your status   smile "
what?!?!!voldemorts comin after harry?!?!?!?!hahah i smell a <propmale> potter day today   hahaha im a nerd  smile 
ga! its not good for me to stay up till 3 in the morning
hmmmmm well i didnt get to watch <propmale> potter yesterday  sad ( possibly today  i will  smile 
i am not doing my entire familys laundry for a week for work & fam there is no way in the world im touchin my dads underware!
ga! i totalyy forgot!!! pretty little liars tonigt!!!!!
drama drama drama!
send me a number and ill make a status about you!
dont you love it when your alarm wakes you up an hour early because i know i do  sad 
24 smile  you are sooooo funny and one of the nicest people i have ever met and i luvv ya!!
123456789876543210 hahaha nice number hehe your one of my best friends and your are sooooo funny  love  ya
hmmmm i  love  artificial cheese  smile ))
8934270539765298365843651087774937567392349587777     first off your lucky we are friends because i just wasted like 5 mins trying to type that number right but ohhhh well hahaha your freaking halarious and i wish you were in work and fam with me  sad ((( ohhhh well haha  love  yaa
i have no clue why im still on here im realllyyyyy bored htc  smile 
hmmm buming out today?
hmmmm im gonna read today (gasp)
thank god for snowdays  smile 
uggg i keep gettting on here for some reason   why am i so bored? htc
omg in northern ohio its 19 degrees and in southern ohio its 54 degrees   wtf?!?!
double snow day all the way across the state oh oh oh oh ohhhh double snowday! (what does this mean?)
heck why not  morgan thinks?
wow    it feels weird getting ready for school  sad 
hmm   good day  smile 
in case i missed someone thanks for all the birthday wishes  smile ))
   just saw the biggest squirrle in the world!
ugggg im sooo tired
my mom yelled at me for buying 7 rolls of colorful duck tape hahahaha
green and yellow!!!!!
green and yellow!!!  smile )))
psh get your own cheese its
   perfume e playful loded in my purse  sad 
hmm   tacos for dinner  smile ))
math makes me hope theres never a zombie apocolipse
ga first perfume now lotion   things need to stop e playful loding in my bag
ugg i want to go back to sleep
ugggg i ate too much  playful 
"hmm oovoo me?\video call me now http annoyed  webvideocall oovoo com callme mbwilliams 287"
my dog is a vile creature
bleh not feelong that great  playful 
ga! i was embarssed
hmmm pretty little liars  smile 
no school for me  sad 
broken cookie? hahaha i love subway
my mom says im getting my hopes up? whatever
i had to wait like 2 and1 2 hours for a physical! ga
ga! i love this weather!!
oh how i love waking up at 8 smile 0
hmm possibly doing nothing today   i dont know yet    <propfemale> htc  smile 
ga!!! i shouldnt read sad books at 3 in the morning    it makes me cry  sad 
strike zone with makayla <propfemale> tatarko and <propfemale> thompson  smile ) fun fun
ga i feel so sore and out of shape   i dont enjoy this  playful 
i enjoy getting back into the swing of things  smile 
my arms and legs are gonna fall off
my oh my im suprised i still have legs!
whattttt?!?!?! im not sore???? something must be wrong!
why do i have to wake up to my cat meowing outside my bedroom door?
my foot hurts   i wonder why?
hmmmm thank goodness for a 2 hour delay tommorrow!
i  love  2 hour delays  smile 
ga! i got a <propfemale> gnome from joannes!!!
yummmm bowl noodles  smile 
<propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> <propmale> ohhh nooo zhere are pochas in zee area hide youz elephants and zour lions!!!!!!
pshhh i can be mean!
sleepover with dylanie shaw!!!! fun fun
"\winning\"" -<propfirst> sheen hahaha"""
omg hahaha my nook has internet on it!!!!
i swear the weather in ohio is bipolar it rains one day and snows the next!
gaaaa pretty little liars tonight!!!
pew pew pew   yeah i just shot you with my space gun 
gaaaaaa! im soooo happy  laugh ddd
gaaaa i  love  chedder cheese  smile 
teen night tonight!!
shopping this morning  smile ))
is it just me or are there like 50 gazillion more adds on here?
theres a stuffed clown across from my bed and it wont stop starring at me   i need to put it somewhere else d:
packing clothes fro florida  smile ))
words cannot e playful lain  sad 
brothers in the hospital   i feel useless   long night  longer day 
thank you all for your kind words and prayers they are much appreciated 
i've sat here for 15 minutes typing sentence after sentence and deleting them because they were not good enough  nothing i say sounds good enough  you will be missed and forever in the hearts of those who loved you  this is what i came up with    i love you and i miss you 
school today then softball   ready for a long day 
yumm  peeps  love  dylanie shaw
poo no game today  sad  darn lightning
darn it the adds on facebook are slowing down my computer sooo much wtf! well anyways this is gonna be a long day so dont text 
ga i should be in florida right now tanning by a pool or at sea world     sad 
yummmm   brownie in a mug  smile 
my pinata ist coming along very well  annoyed 
hanging out with <propfemale> gebremariam today!!
blehhhh im sick  playful 
you know what sounds goodright now   panera  smile )
gaaaa!!! why does no one want these coupon books?!?!?!?!
ugggg! so i was eating left over chinese food and youll never guess what was in it?!?!?!?! a chicken feather!!!!!!!! ewwww
rain rain go away make the sun come back again
i should be asleep right now  playful 
lets hope our game for tommorrow doesnt get cancelled  laugh 
game tonight at home  smile ) lets go panthers
hmm good day  smile  game later lets beat reynoldsburg  smile 
helping cut down a tree? (dont ask) then hopefully back in time to go to the movies!
ive learned something today    cutting down trees isnt fun  playful 
insidious was the scariest movie ever created!!!!
hmm today was a good day  smile )
you know what would be fun right now? having a softball game! wait    it got canceled  sad ( i hate rain!
<propfemale> gebremariam and <propfemale> <propfemale> pasicka if you ever leave that many posts on my wall again i will attack you  smile 
softball game at 5 smile 0 lets go pantherss!
haha i have to dress up again today?!? blehhh
yummm   hot pocket  smile  game laterr
hahaha ohhh my i'm not very bright am i?
finally finished cleaning my room  smile  its spotless 
theres a song stuck in my head that makes me smile so now when ever i start thinking about it i start to smile to myself and i look kinda crazy  smile )
im <propfemale> tired
right now im eating the ears of a giant chocolate <propfemale>  smile ) its gonna be a good day
my moms watching bbc and theres a show on about how americans are obbsessed with the <propmale> family wedding    way to make americans look like complete idiots 
uggg i shouldnt eat anymore chocolate my stomach hurts   but i will  smile 
well poo 
ga only because these are all in my news feed    like for an i must idmit  smile 
hahahaha just convinced my mom that small lap giraffes are real ohhhh goodness i love ya momma
yummmm subway  smile 
woah i saw a double rainbow!!  i undertand why that guy was so excited 
thank goodness this week is over!!
softball game today at noonish thank goodness its gonna be a nice day today  smile 
hanging with dylanie shaw today  smile ) yay!
laying on my couch watching <propmale> potter  smile  i love the weekends
"rain rain go away, i'd like to play softball one day "
<propmale> hortons makes amazing chicken salad sandwiches    who knew?
cookout today with the family  smile 
happy mothers day momma even though you never check facebook  smile )
