d54c8463535478a038247f11322532cc
happy new years everybody! 2011 isnt ready!
i cant believe i just made an effing facebook   lmfao 
im sooo confused this fb shit is hella hard   lol  bestfriend i dont get it   sad 
wasted the day away    going to get up and try to get something accomplished   
"im your biggest fan, ill follow you until you love me  papa, paparazzi  \baby you'll be famous, <propmale> you down until you love me  papa, paparazzi!!!!"
lunch time   pizza hut pasta   mmmm    
"finally, im effing home! super tired! off tomorrow & its supposed to be the warmest day of the year so far!! lake anyone?"
"you're still alive but you're barely breathing,\just prayed to a god that u don't believe in\'cause u got time while i got freedom\'cause when a heart breaks, no it don't breakeven\my best days will be some of your worst\i finally met a man that's gonna put me first\while you're wide awake i'll have no trouble sleeping\'cause when a heart breaks, no it don't breakeven"
bbq   hellsssss yessss 
@ work   missing this pretty day   off @ 8  hit me up!
ive decided    im quittinglife and becoming a professional partier   im good @ that   laugh 
omfg   bad start to the day   just splashed hot coffee all over my face    grrr   
going to see <propfirst> perform @ the cabana club tonight  see u all there if ur going  not staying out too late tho 
mmm   beef pho for lunch 
went a little too hard last night  hella tired and now i have to rub ppl for the next 6 hrs    
happy bday <propfirst>! party hard tonight!
omfg   my legs are killing me   standing all day sucks  taking a nap so i can go party tonight! go hard or go home!
"before i leave, brush my teeth, with a bottle of jack   cause when i leave for the night i aint coming back!"
"dude, took my lil bro skating  this shit is sooo much harder than i remembered  fml "
mmm   strawberry lemonade + vodka and tacos! doing it big!
soooo bet awards   did u see how big <propfemale> keys was   damn! baby bump!
being productive today   cleaning and paying the bills!
waiting for the boo to get back so we can wash my car   getting sooo much accomplished today  love it!
we r young   but we have heart   born in this world   as it all falls apart    
"bored, getting ready to watch \shes out of my league\"""""
"ugh, dvd player is trippin so i couldnt watch the rest of the movie  grrr    "
"i know i was \miss super anti\"" but im starting to love facebook! im getting in touch with ppl i havent talked to in yrs! crazy!"""
so tell me why the intervention thats on right now is about a mom n son out of covington!
new schedule @ work starts today   pretty happy about it 
bored @ work   dont have my 1st massage for 2hrs!
no work tomorrow   going out!
@ sports <propfemale> with friends n the boo   having a few drinks  <propfemale>!
"i love brianee   \hop in my spaceship and leave earth motherfucker   \"""""
"\pick the world up  imma drop it on your fucking head \"""""
having a brewski with the booski! lol
suuuupppeeerrrr broke  <propfemale> wont be going out for the next 2weeks   maybe more   sad 
bored @ work  off @ 7 tho  whoop whoop! maybe drive ins later if i get enough cash tips today 
if this boy doesnt hurry up and get here to pick me up theres gonna be trouble   trouble   trouble 
super sad that its raining      sad 
2 more hrs of work! holla! if your going to cassidys bbq plz bring a side or beer  630 tonight 
ugh   we fam ent? where u @? were here to support u n u nigz aint even here    hmmm
off @ 3    yee!
just woke up from a nap   ready to party!
"when the dark of the night, comes around, thats the time, that the animal comes alive, looking for something wild! whats good for the 4th yo!"
omfg   muckleshoot is crazy right now!
no words to e playful ress the stress on my chest   
back to work today    gotta get this money   cause for the last 3 days i have officially been apart of p f b b  lol
"ate way toooo much  grilled cheese, <propmale> n cheese, lasagna n garlic bread, n sweet potato pie  my sto<propmale>h hurts!"
i miss u so much baby! i cant believe its already been 2 yrs  i want to cry but i smile bc i remember what a great man u were  u changed my life  its me n u forever n ever babe   until we meet again   i love u!
beautiful day   yet so heartbreaking    i miss u shawn   love never dies   
going to go to my sis house to spend time n eat some grub     smile 
im so over all the bullshit that life drops on my shoulders  i hate when u have an ok day and somebody is such a bitch that ruins it for u  grrr
work today   so soaking up some sun before i have to go in   and im off @ 7   so maybe get some pool time?
being @ work on this kickass day is wack! cant wait to be off and go get into somebody's pool   brina   lol ?
"off between 4-5  brina, where u @?"
omg  super bad headache from the heat  going to bed  had a blast @ cornicopoia with my girls tho 
coulon beach to get some sun   then going hard for selenas 30th! <propfemale>!
sun drunk    holla!
lazy day    have shit to do but really dnt feel like it  owell   theres always tomomorrow  ha!
just got a massage  feeling damn good! 2 5 more hrs and im off!
"dude, im over it  im tired of not being appreciated "
not feeling so good laying down watching tv  big day tomorrow   
sooo up super ealy for the dentist   then getting my hurr did @ 10 smile 0  <propfemale>! productive day 
omfg   my gums hurt sooo bad  the dentist was hardcore  doing laundry then hair appt 
online continuing education classes   i need 16 hrs by sept  get er done 
"one ce class done   6 hrs worth of credit! plus i get reimbursed half of the cost! sweet! sooo, its still nice out   what to do?"
it was nice to have a drink with my boss bitch <propfemale>! now just chillin   
"@ work  slow day  ugh, rather be out doing something   "
what do u do when ur super stressed out and things just seem to get worse??? grab a drink n think    sounds like a plan 
first of all imma boss   just wanted to get that across   even my dentist hates when i floss!
almost off  yay!
gutter    lol
rudhed into welork only to find i dnt have a client for an hour n a half   thats poop!
tied @ work   but its my weekend! yay 
"doing it big tonight   get together @ my house  bring a bottle or beer and lets kick it  invitation only, hit me up if you wanna come thru!"
hey sry everyone for passing out on u last night   lol  guess that i just wasnt ready to party witj the big dogs   lol
transmission just went out on my car! stuck in this car with hot leather seats   im so heated!
everytime i try to do righ something goes wrong  fml    
"ugh   i seriously hate this   i feel like crying   or just freaking running away    \ i wanna be a billionaire   so fucking bad!!!!\"""""
"finally, a fully booked out day @ work! i need this money!"
"off early, but have no car to get hm with   so i get to sit here and wait for my ride who drives like a tourist   ugh  thx mama, i appreciate it! lmao"
"wow, woke up hella early with a massive headache, took meds but it still hasnt gone away  and on top of that i came hm to a house with no power   wtf? fml"
had fun out for sadies bday  night night 
hope today is a day for good money making     xing my fingers!
im slightly confused on what to do with myself  feeling pretty down n out  really considering moving away   alone  well see 
who wants to be my hero n pick me up from work today    off @ 5  let me know please  ill love u forever!  wink 
first i get mistaken as a target employee an now panda e playful ress   twice in the same day??? massage envy seriously needs new uniforms  ugh   
tonight has been a tripp! swear to god  i am good an some dumbass lil girls   im kiiiiiiickin it! hahaa
how many wome does it take to find 167???
tell me why it doesnt matter where the fuck we go this nigga always shows thre guck up    say sumn crazy!
"having a good time with my ppls for <propfemale> 22nd bday party  drinking, volleyball game, and shortly to the shoot! heeeyyy!"
up way too early   thank god that monday is only my sunday   
"personal spa day for me!   and hopefully, ill be able to get a new whip today! everyone x your fingers for me!    p s  you should watch planet 51- cute movie!   "
just got hm from work   bored   anyone wanna pick me up and go do something?  smile 
"so please donate to the \tianna needs a new car\"" fund!? make ur donation an early bday present to me!  smile  plz n thank u!"""
"\how was i supposed to know it was an endangered possum!?\"" omfg! sex drive is hilarious!"""
so guess what yall? looking into moving to miami   im sure they have awesome spa jobs @ resorts down there plus beautiful weather  second guessing az cause idk bout 120 degree weather   lol looking for roommates that are down to movee to fl! 
"can we pretend that airplanes, in the night sky, are like shooting stars   i can really use a wish right now "
i have a feeling theres going to be some big changes coming   and im kinda torn about it    
"oh mann, too much funk  lil ass kids with there drama "
need a ride hm from work today   would anyone like to volunteer?  smile 
yay! getting a massage for my last hr of work! now thats what i call a good day @ the j o b! then the bestie is picking me up! woohoo!
so were trying to go out somewhere local tonight  if ur down hit me up  text it if u have the digits!
bout to take off and go to mars! this right here is my pretty girl swagg!
getting in my spaceship and taking off in 5   4   3   2    1 >>>>get on my level!
torchlight is a blast  what to doo after is the question???
im s class bitch  haters keep doing ur job! thank u! u make me feel great!
12 days and counting   cant wait to be in ny with the fam! i need this vacay more than u know!
seattle time with the bestie and my boys! love the chill nights   
i need a ride to work tomorrow   who wants to be my savior?!?!
getting ready to go on the super mission to get to work   gotta get this money!
work til 7pm   tomorrow hitting wildwaves with the bestie! fun times!
my mountians are blue! what about u?
"pretty pissed off @ this moment in time    going to bed, waking up in a good mood, and then hitting wildwaves "
"hitting wildwaves w  the bestie, her sis n cuz and my lil bro! super pumped!"
just gon' stand there and watch me burn   but that alright bc i like the way it hurts   just gon' stand there and hear me cry   but thats alright bc i love the way u lie! fml
just got of early   tired but feel like doing something   hmmm 
thanks brina for the ride to work! fully booked out schedule so should be making some good money today   
whats going on tonight? its my last weekend in wa before i goto ny to see the fam! trying to do it big!
"today is a day of choices: we've hit a crossroads    go right, get left   go left, get right "
so how do we get to el <propfemale>?
"cleaning, laundry, and starting to pack    productive day!"
"cleaning, laundry, and starting to pack    "
last day @ the j o b  until i get back from ny! holler   
having an absolutely amazing day   so high on life right now   nothing cn bring me down! &hearts;
wooo hoo   off of work   whats going on tonight ppls?
chilling @ the sports <propfemale> with my girlies     hollerrrr!
good night seattle   waking up and heading to ny in the wee hours of the morning    holler bitch!
just hopped on the plane   6hr flight   geesh!
just touched down in ny! flight went faster than e playful ected  see u all when i get back! &hearts;
ughhh   what theee efff???? what a gay ass way to start out vacation   
its really upseting when ur on vacaton and ur having a horrible time    
went on a cruise tour then central park   ive been walking way too much   my feet are killing me   haha 
im sad im missing the great weather back home in wa but ny is getting better  going out! party dont stop til 4 in the morning!
"i miss u seattle, but ny feels like hm! \im so official i dnt even need a whistle!\"" ~stunting on these hoes!"""
thunder and lightening storms in ny    bullshit!
"grocery shopping, bowling with the fam, and then maybe t g i fridays with the cousin "
hollywood is a place where theyll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cants for your soul- <propfemale> <propmale>!
"redo: \hollywood is a place where they will pay u a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul\"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
"seattle! im missing you!   satuday when i get home were going super hard, getting super hyphy, going dumb bro! *balls to the walls bitches,balls to the walls* lmfao!"
"its good to know that no matter how far or how many yrs u have been away from someone that some things just can never be erased   some memories are forever sketched into ur heart and can never be replaced   ppl come into ur life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime but they all teach u a lesson "
"hella jealous i missed the sonic boom! wtf? why does that happen when im in ny! owell, lets just all pretend i was there!  laugh "
coming home with some new music yall   got some hot shit for ur ears! coming soon on a saturday night near you!
thought i was getting a new tatt today but looks like i gotta wait til fri   which means im riding hm on the plane in pain   damnit! lol
chilling with the fam is nice   but talking to the boo just made my day! &hearts;
"swv: \weak\""   havent heard this song in forev but still a classic!"""
just passed the ny races   they got nothing on the westcoast when it comes to riding dirrrty! havent been to seattle races in like forev but from what i remember   we go harder!
just passed the ny races   they got nothing on the westcoast when it comes to riding dirrrty!!!
so tell me why the lil cuz is getting offers from harvard for track   u go girl  fastest girl in the county! so proud of my fam!
"i miss u   i think about u all the time    i cry bc im sad, i cry bc i remember good times, but most of all i cry bc i miss u  i love u "
getting tatted! &hearts;
"fresh ink, feeling good   home tomorrow to put in work with my favorite ppl in the world   "
"please read!: camera and phone pics u post online can be tracked to the exact location u took it  including ur hm address, etc   be careful what u post and who is able to see it "
"read!: camera n phone pics u post online can be tracked to the exact location u took it  including ur hm address, etc   be careful what u post n who is able to see it "
yay! japanese steak house for dinner! super pumped!
"*im in   im in motion!* flight from ny leaves @ 7 smile 0am, stop in atl, then hm bitches! *im in, im in motion!*"
just touched down in atl  half way hm!
back like an asthma attack! i &hearts; seattle!
just got up   feel like today might just be a good day 
"omfg   sad, funny, but true: just saw a guy flipped backwards on his wheelchair!"
who is not busy on monday? i need a ride  gotta be there @ 11:45amprob be there for an hr and then a ride hm   any takers?
fml   fml   fml   !!!!
oh so sleepy    going straight to bed when i get hm from the bowling alley!
good morning  off to work in a few! $$$
gonna miss my ppls this weekend  but have fun camping u guys! party hard for those of us left behind!
debating on going out and doing something or staying in   even tho ihave work in the morning  hnmmm    
"ugh, omfg   i could effing rip my hair out right now! sooo effing annoyed!"
"i feel so refreshed, ive been sober and going to bed early every night since sat! but, tomorrow its going down! getting over my summer kicking it streak, gonna get back to only going out on sat! gnight my friends!"
grrrr    cant sleep    annnnnd have to be up @ 7 smile 0am! this is bs! i must have too much on my mind  im gonna have to wipe some of this off my plate   get right or get left!
off to work in a few   another day another doller! whoop whoop!
"off of work  taking a nap! cant wait to <propfemale> with my girl <propfemale> tonight, its been far too long! already got a bottle, its going down   "
looks like ill be huggin the pillow all day 
"a relaxing sunday, just what the doctor ordered! believing things will fall perfectly into place very soon "
"sometimes doing the right thing, tears u apart   sometimes trying to be happy, leaves u with a broken heart   sometimes when u hit low, u get a <propmale> to restart! ~havent done anything for me in a while, changing that today ~"
"has a battle going on inside of her   ur head and ur heart live in two seperate worlds   ur brain has more cells than stars in the sky, but ur heart is the bass line to the song that is ur life   which to follow?"
xing my fingers  today could be such a great day if things work out the way i hope!
"omfg  i feel like im in hs all over again  the bus is packed and theres this one loud ass lady thats talkin about \u cant find the man of ur dreams if ur poor  no mans gonna wanna take me out with stanky ass pants  i litterally have to <propmale> men down!\"" bahaahaha"""
gettingthe hell out of this house is sounding pretty good   anything going on?
"soooo, my bday is in a month   i have no idea what im doing! any ideas for a a girl ballin on a budget?!?!  wink "
"wow, tmz is crazy! reporter annoyed what is the best way to kill someone?\"" celebrity: \""cut off their arms and try to let them swim!\"" (thats a lil too hardcore for me)"""
r u fn serious? why the hell is it raining? sooo pissed!
new trials and hardships just make me eager to overcome them   opens my eyes to new possibilities   a new perspective of this world and my life   just keep reminding myself change is good and not to run from it!
"got a lot of things accomplished today around the house,i even made myself a new zebra earring necklace holder that mounts on my wall!!! {shout out to the bestie for the idea and yes i used zebra hoe! just bc u were talking about my rainboots!} isnt it funny how you always put off the stuff that is really important for totally unessecary (but fun) activities!  wink "
omg   i hate waking up super early and not being able to fall back asleep   atleast house is on   annoyed 
"such a beautiful day  off @ 5  who wants to go enjoy it? danielley, u still down to <propfemale>???"
off to the lake in a few to soak up what little sun is left  yay!
work and then brittnee's baby shower   hopefully the rain n sun get into a fight and the sun wins! im not ready to go back to shitty weather   
perfect day to stay in ur pajamas and curl up n watch a movie  sounds like a plan!
"really confused on a few things, but i know one thing forsure; return of the <propmale>!  wink "
watching lets go to prision! a great movie!
being honest with people is important   but being honest with yourself is the key to happiness   
"it's all just become so clear, its a beautiful disaster "
tip of the day: get creative with making money   theres so many ways to hustle!
pmg  @ work on break and this bird is stalking me  keeps getting closer like imma feed it  lol 
home from work  off tomorrow! yay me!
"just got a second job! start on the 27th! its only 2 days a week to start but can go to more hrs in the future! woohoo, i need money! $$$"
"omgf, the new axe commercial is freaking classic! so funny: \what about me ball sack!?\"""""
<propfemale> handler is hosting the vmas! that was <propfemale>s girl   i miss u <propfemale>! i wish u were here with me! things arent the same without u  u n <propfirst> mean the world to me and im doing my best to make u guys proud! i love u bff!
"&hearts; live fast, die pretty &hearts;"
such a slow day @ work   boriiiiinnnngggg!
if u have never had a <propfirst> johns sub then u are missing out! mmmm   #8 <propfirst> club is theee shiiiit!
so the countdown is on people   20 days til my 22nd bday and only 2 wks til im celebrating   come out n party with me! i just dnt know what im doing yet   lol 
starting my day   my body is aching so good thing i have a massage when i get to work then on to making money   hopefully today isnt as slow as yesterday 
"fat ass headache right now  thx <propfemale> for the mini massage that helped alot  hopefully, this ibprofen will kick in asap!"
good morning satuday    
remember the ones that lost their lives today   we are all united bc of a tragic moment in our history   show repect for ther fallen 
just woke up from a def needed nap    whats going down tonight?
dont u hate when u get all ready and then end up going nowhere       sad 
"wow, i really just slept my day away    just woke up! haha"
"vmas: i just got a new found respect for <propfirst> bieber   he holds his own! as always my boo em killed it   and usher, i love u but u seemed a little winded out there  still did ur thing tho! im hoping someone will act out soon tho!"
"lets have a toast for the d*bags   a toast for the a*holes! ok kanye, we see u!"
starting my day slow   and eventually got to get up and get some things accomplished 
wtf is up with animals following me  im outside smoking and this squirell runs right up to me n is trying to get into my house   weird
home made lasagna for dinner yummy! doing some ceus until then 
"sometimes, i think things couldve been different  sometimes, i wonder if youll ever change  sometimes, i question my desicion  but in the end, u cant change what happened u can only fix ur future  (if u think im talking about u, i probably am!)"
attention: models and aspiring models    if ur interested in doing a halloween shoot in october please let me know asap and ill give u details! please reply only if ur serious and professional   thx
"good morning fb! if u need a massage, call massage envy renton landing  very discounted prices today only to raise mone for breast cancer research!"
thinking about going back to my all dark hair? what do u think?
"come get a massage today @ massage envy renton landing and request me  im completely open until 6pm! today only: discounted hr massage and it helps support breast cancer research! cmon, just do it!"
super long day of nothingness @ work has made extremely tired   sad 
finally off of work  so much to do tomorrow!
anyone wanna come get me n grab a few drinks? hit me up!
"tons to do today, im happy ill be able to cross a few things off of my list!"
am i last in your eyes?
i have a taste for e playful ensive champagne and no limit credit cards   luxury cars and designer clothes   but until im <propmale> and famous  this life of mine will have to do!  smile 
"whats meant to be is meant to be   fate, is the curse layed upon us all    u can never out run ur <propfemale>!"
"ugh, i feel like poo today!"
work day is nearly finished  2 more appts! straight to my comfy clothes and a movie!
cant wait to have enough money to get  a new car   or just to fix mine   i hate waiting on ppl  grrr   
just rented hella movies! first up: the runaways!
on to the next one: bounty <propmale>!
date night!
"ugh, my shoulders are killing me  i can barely lift my arms  fml "
omg! 5 guys has the best burgers on the planet!
"off to work  its my friday! then lunch with <propfemale>, <propfemale> and i think some of my other ladies!"
its super nice out! what a perfect day to <propfemale> with my pppls!
"\i dont mind living in a mans world   as long as i can be a woman in it!\""~marilyn <propmale>!"""
what happened to the sunshine? owell still going hard tonight   rain or shine   
i look too good tonight to be dealing with this rain   sad 
@ maxi's celebrating danielles birthday!
gosh darnnit seahawks! i had such high hopes for this season    get it together!
xing my fingers that tomorrow will be the day that my luck changes!
getting ready to start my day!
attention: come celebrate me birthday @ sportspage this sat! i hope to see u there!
full day @ work  should go by quick  woohoo!
"\life is what happens when youre busy making plans   \"""""
i think back to when we were kids and cant believe how fast its gone by  i am so happy that me and my girls are the few that stuck thru hard times and remained friends! they say ur lucky if u have one friend left from hs   but obviously that doesnt apply to ppl who pick their friends wisely! i love u ladies!
like seriously???? i should just slit my wrists now while im ahead   fml 
"when one doors closes, another opens   isnt that the truth!?"
"sometimes i want so badly to go back 2yrs and hear ur voice, see ur smile, or simply hold ur hand   i miss u bpb! &hearts;"
off of work! now debating on going out or not   hmm?
i want a new ipod nano!
good morning!  smile 
fb friends 21+: u better be coming to party with me tomorrow @ sportspage for my 22nd bday!  smile 
"@ brina baby's: chips, dip, salsa, beer, and a bottle   cant go wrong!"
capt'n mo and rootbeer!
i need a tech nine ticket! if u have one or 2 to sell pls let me know!
goondight fb  work in the morning then my bday party @ sposrts <propfemale> @ night!
"\its a beautiful day in the neighborhood    \"""""
getting ready for tonight  ill be @ sportspage for my bday bash  come join me in celebrating!  smile 
"so why the hell am i up so early? ugh, owell i had a great time last night thanks u everyone who camo out!  smile "
hoping today will be a good day   
i all of a sudden feel horrible   sad 
"\the new adventures of old christine\"" is my new show! hella funny  new \""house\"" is on now!  smile """
its my bday tomorrow and its supposed to be like 80 degrees! whoo hoo! anyone want to goto the lake or something during the day?
soo   kinda wanna go do something tonight   
bored out of my mind    i turn 22 @ 12:23 and i will be out doing something before then! lol
thank u everyone for the bday wishes! i love u all! off to lunch with mi madre then dinner pedi with my sis! u guys r so good to me! &hearts;
went to ram with my sis n danielley  ordered a ton of deep fried food and then went to my sisters house for a sleep over and hot tub time! what a bday! thx ladies!
why is it that when one thing goes wrong in life that your whole world is turned up side down?
i wish i could snap out of this feeling i have   its starting to become a lil unbearable  ugh   
half way done with work! cant wait to hit the <propfemale> tonight with <propfemale>! come out and party with us!  smile 
retail therapy tomorrow   who's down?
"doctors prescription: vodka, friends, & a night with no drama!"
catching up on jersey shore!
too blessed &hearts; to be stressed
soooo super excited! things just started looking up for me! &hearts;
"\most shadows in this life are caused by us standing in our own sunshine\""~ralph <propmale> <propmale> (big things on the way for tianna   so proud of myself!)"""
woke yp this morning feeling really motivated   already feeling pretty accomplished!  laugh 
sometimes change is difficult and even scary   but without change there is no progress   without progress there is no future    but you cant change the world without first changing yourself!
"work meeting @ 8am so tonight im in the house   movie night with mi madre! \get him to the greek\"" & \""letters to juliet!\"""""
too early   but off to my meeting i must go   eh   
meeting is all done  desperately needed massage @ 1  then running errands  busy day!  smile 
just saw a <propfirst> johns dude making a delivery on his longboard   gangster!
"if u question my ability to be a success, ill prove you wrong!  wink "
"just bought new pairs of heels that i did not need   but hey, whats better than treating yourself when u have accomplished something on your to do list?"
"brina (and i quote): when i have my next bday party, im going to have a wheel of fortune party so everyone will have to come as a vowel\    lol"""
had fun tonight with my girls!*danielle & brina* eating a piece of chocolate cake (which btw is prob the best chocolate cake ever!) and then off to bed  gnite fb!
turned into quite a pretty day! &hearts;
so much to do tomorrow after work   its going to be such a productive day!  smile 
getting ready for a chair event   then alot to get done after  itll be a good day!
trying to figure out what to do tonight   got a bottle ready tho!  smile 
"wow, had fun last night   plan for the day: relax! and maybe go costume shopping? hmmm   "
"\why do fools fall in love?\"" ~ <propfirst> lymon & the teenagers! &hearts; this movie & the music!"""
lifetime movies + supreme pizza = a good sunday night!
little shop of horrors &hearts;
made the mistake of taking and late afternoon  evening nap   now i cant sleep   
today = studying + costume shopping w  mi madre + new episode of house + lifetime movie!
baja fresh for dinner  in ur face fdv! lmao!
its freezing in my house! no beuno!
is it weird that i really want to see megamind   really bad! lol 
should've known better   
i need to get out of the house   anyone doing anything?
today is the start of my new life! &hearts;
so orientation @ the new job will prob be like an hr   anyone want to go enjoy the sunshine after im done? &hearts; text it!
i want a celebration drink    happy hour anyone?
whats going on tonight?
"\im buzzing like a bumble bee   biatch!\"""""
night night fb! had a great night! <propmale> out with some really cool ppl and played some kick ass games of pool  fun times!
does anyone wanna go costume shopping? text it!
big day tomorrow! start my new j o b  + costume shopping with liz   so excited!
must have had the first day jitters cause i barely slept last night   good thing i have nothing booked so far    super blessed to have my new job!
had an absolutely awesome night last night  off to work in a few  $$$
hmmm   what to do?
so bored   i guess its off to bed???
i was sooo not ready to get up already   ugh   fml
"wow, this is an interesting way to start the day: washing maching just overflowed! hahaha!"
ugh   this day is just not on a good track   now mom locked her keys in the car and i have to be to work! fml!
great day @ work today  busy busy   now relaxing @ the house 
off to work then its weekend time! hollerrr!
"wanna go out tonight   but gosh darn, my bed feels soooo comfortable right now! someone give me a good reason to get ready   "
i know what i want and where i want to be   i just cant figure out how to get there     annoyed 
heres one for you: dont talk about it   be about it! actions speak louder than words ever can   
"\you see right through me    how do u do that ish?\"""""
"just woke up from a nap   wish i would just stayed asleep, now ill be wide awake all night   shoot!"
had a great night bowling for brianes bday! i love u beez!
<propfemale> of the damned! lestat is sooo hot!
work! excited to make some money today! woohoo!
mmm   salsa con queso + tortilla chips = heaven!
off early! whats going on tonight?
"good morning! lucky me, i get today off   3 day halloween weekend here i come!"
tonight's going to be epic! me n my girls are bringing mayhem! &hearts;
"\omgosh   she's bound to break hearts   \"""""
"today should be a happy day for me  instead, my heart is heavy and i dont know why      annoyed "
been drinking so much lately that i just ordered an ice water after one beer! its the only thing that sounded good! smh   
tgif &hearts;
whats going on   trying to find something to do  im not ready for the night to be over!
"dirty rice, green beans, and garlic bread   great way to end a night! miss u babe! this meal will forever remind me of the great times we had in our mini mansion! (even tho u never ate ur veggies!)  smile "
good morning   
home  had a great night  started off a little roccky but only got better! gnite!
breakfast in bed! i love my mom!  smile 
loving the 90's r&b thats was playing tonight! good times   top ramen n the sheets  night fb!
"woke up with a good case of the \mondays\""   eh   work and then hm to relax all day!"""
so totally forgot i have to stay @ work for an extra hr today   but its so i can get a massage! totally worth it!  smile  im in desperate need!
sometimes in the process of figuring things out feelings get hurt    i just didnt e playful ect them to be mine      annoyed 
so pretty out but im freezing!
off to work  busy day ahead  money is my biggest motivation!
mmm   purple haze @ the rock is absolutely genius! love it!
"ohhhmann     its sooooo late! had fun tonight with my boy \b ri\""   gnite fb """
"facebook stalking cracks me up  quit trying to figure my life out  its pathetic   move on, bc im already gone!"
"so glad my 4pm cancelled, taco time hit the spot! 3 more appts to go then getting a drink with my bz <propfemale>! whoohoo!"
"so confused   i wish i was a kid again, when shit was simple  going to think it thru   gnite fb!"
"its so beautiful outside  makes my day enjoyable  1 massage down, on a long lunch + cleaning then back to work! cant wait to get it in tonight with <propfemale> n briane!  smile "
almost done!
had a great night! its nearly night time   
good weekend  back to work tomorrow!
q&a: ask me any question in my inbox and ill answer truthfully!
"running on about 3 hrs of sleep yet, oddly enough, im in a pretty good mood  tons to get done today!"
q&a: ok ppl dont get psycho about this shit  its all fun & games  i havent answered any questions yet bc i have been on my phone internet  i will answer all questions soon  just be on the look out for my status updates   smile 
"q: would u have chose me or my cousin back in the day? a: ur cousin, but i think of both of u as just friends  "
q: do u ever see us getting back together? a: why do u keep asking the same question u know my answer to this 
"q: what are my 3 most attractive features? a: hmm   ur tats, ur swag, and ur lips! haha"
"q: we should start hanging out, what do u think? a: im always open to hanging with new groups of ppl "
q: are u ready for friday? a: are u serious? are u??? its on bitch!
q: are u talking to anyone right now? a: mayyyybeeeee     ;-p
"q: when is the last time u heard the name \tator tots\""? a: hahaha   not since <propmale> high!"""
more q&a's are welcomed   
q: do u hate me cause im beautiful? a: lmao! never that!
questions???
q: whats your favorite spot to be kissed? a: this little spot right above my collar bone!
q: how many licks does it take to get to the center of your tootsie roll? a: lmfao! wouldnt u like to know? lol but i can tell u that u better do it right the first time or u gotta start over!  smile 
more questions are needed! i must admit this is quite entertaining!
q: whens my first time going to be? a: hmmm   i dnt think i have an answer for that  lol
this is too much fun! more please!
q: can our friends join? a: ur a nut! lol   geesh!
"q: what are we going to do today brain? a: same thing we do everyday pinky, try to take over the world! ;-p"
"q: who does work, c or a? a: umm   im confused on this question  but the letter \a\"" comes first in the alphabet so well go with that! lmfao!"""
more questions    
q: have u ever wondered what i looked like naked? a: um   not really   but now that u mention it   lol jk!
q: whats something u dont want everyone on fb knowing? a: im a pretty open person  not alot to hide   so im not sure   
"q: what woukd u do if ur son was @ hm, craying all alone, cause hes hungry? a: um i dnt have kids but if i did that shit would never fly  but that was my jam back in the day  the guy from city high was on intervention- alcoholic   sad "
q&a? my new favorite past time! hit the inbox!
"q: why do u gotta be so beautiful, it makes it intimidating to get to know u better  (even tho weve known eachother for hella) a: um   im sry?   lol  i dnt mean to be intimidating but its not the first time ive heard that   weve known eachother forev tho so i didnt realize u felt that way!"
"q: what do u think of me? a: i think ur handsome and we always have alot of laughs together  so ur cool, but not as cool as me! lol"
q: how much do u miss me let <propfemale>! a: a ton! and asap!
omgeee! this wind has been absolutely insane! geesh   
off to work in a few and then tacos tonight with some of my faves!
"c'mon bitches  get it together  worry about u and what ur doing     what am i doing?? oh yeah, thats right, im doing me!"
"my biatch is on her way home  going hard tonight with our girls! nothing is better than having the whole \group\"" back together! off @ 7!"""
last appt of the day  off in an hr than its a seriously needed night out on the town! what to wear? hmmm   
having a great night  woohoo!
i love <propfemale> sands! shes a beautiful woma and a great friend  so glad cass locc is home  too bad she passed out! hoe! lol
 smile 
"alright, it took quite a bit to re-coop   but i am back at it again bitches! lets do it moving!"
"ugh, is it super creeper night tonight or what?"
"\im wrong   in all the right ways    \""-pink"""
snow   ur pretty but i def dnt want to drive with u around 
waiting for cass-locc to get here! hurry up hoe face! im trying to go play in the snow!
snow day: ((simple tip to keep warm)): always keep a bottle of your favorite liquor and a few board games on deck  im about to hit the liq right now! no work tomorrow! ;-p
off to work in a few   
"happy thanksgiving  be grateful to have the friends & family u have in ur life  and be happy u have ur health and u have seen another yr, as many ppl we love did not  love u all!"
"is tonight going to be a good night? hell no! its going to be an absolutely amazing, unbelievably fantastic night! nobody does it like we do it! balls to the walls bitches!"
&hearts;
off to work in a few  tgif!
cass locc should be happy  everyone in my office are wearing cougs gear in support of apple cup     egh   im the only one who isnt   must not have got the memo   
sometimes its nice to have a saturday night in!
work until one and then errands to be done  productive day 
"\i eat boys up   breakfsast & lunch   then when im thirsty    i drink their blood! i am cannibal!\"" ~ k3$ha!"""
"ugh, so hungover   work in an hour  no more \thirsty thursdays\"" for me   annoyed """
finally putting the tree up and decorating for xmas   dont forget to rsvp if ur coming to the girls xmas party on sat!
so much to do    so little time!
<propfemale> christmas! &hearts;
anyone up for some retail therapy today    ?
"oh snap, its snowing again!"
"ugh, i hate this feeling   cant wait for today to be over   "
attention! dropped my damn pnone in the toilet! contact me on here if you need me  ugh!!!!!!!!!!!! !@#$%^&*()&%$@#&
being without a phone sucks !!!
it feels like i am burying someone i love every 6 months    i hate this feeling   i love you <propfirst>    rip    never forgotten   your life will forever be celebrated!!!
just got my new phone please text me your <propfirst> if you have mine 
now if you guys will text me your <propfirst> if you haven't  thx
yay snow   going quading 
"2hrs left   cmon weekend, i need u in my life asap!"
rip <propfirst>  we love you  although it still hasnt hit me that your gone ill never forget our memories 
had fun @ moms for enchiladas n game night  hand & foot is now a top 5 card game in my book  addicting!
happy friday  getting a ton done this morning  then work in the pm!
"i love superbowl sunday  good people, good food, good memories!"
i love spending days off doing the things u want to do instead of the things you have to do  &hearts;
work until 8   then crawling straight into bed! «best part of my day»
off in an hr and then off to showare for the ladies night concert! thanks to my thoughtful bf!  smile 
today is dumb    
so glad its friday   2 more hours until my weekend begins! hells yes!
counting down the days to march 11th   i need an effin break    life is a monster n if youre not careful    itll eat you up!
we built this up brick by brick   so strong and sturdy nothing can break us down   
"i cant wait for the work day to be done  6pm cannot come fast enough! so tired, all i wanna do is curl up in bed!"
the snow is fun for tonight but i hope its gone by the morning!
"besides the fact that its so darn cold outside, today is off to a great start! happy friday!"
happy birthday <propfirst>! i miss you bpb!
i may be bad but im perfectly good at it!
thank god i leave for 85 degree weather on fri morning   this rain is killing me    
cant wait to be off of work & let my vacation begin! az bound in the am!
hoping for the best to those in japan & hawaii   
"just waking up, about to throw on the bikini and get poolside   sry seattle   ill try to bring the sun hm with me!"
"getting ready  going to the e40, lil <propfirst>, too short, baby bash, & <propfirst> <propmale> concert tonight  then out on the town!"
"\why is the table wet?    bc u queefed\""   lol  ps   casablanca is a hot mess!"""
happy st  patricks day  mariners game tonight then to the <propfemale> bars! just for <propfirst> <propfemale>! see u in a few hrs <propfirst>sky!
damnit  let the peeling begin  thought id het out of az w o a sunburn but i was wrong  lame    
"going hard for st  pattys  <propfemale> wolfhound is just a huge crazy party, love it!"
i love having a good monday morning   sets the tone for your whole week  1st day back after vacay   never imagined itd go this swell!
