b2bd7c862f1c81ad864c2373d4939899
well i'm officially starting my new year freaked out!! omg seriously! damn job
is it a full <propfemale> tonight or what good hell     
where has all my <propfemale> gone i have non at all but only with certain ppl maybe its cuz its 2am n they should b fuckin sleepin not tellin me they have 2 make a damn turkey!!
there has to b something i can take for this overwhelming annoyance i'm feeling! 2 nights in a row is a joke
so between 4 ppl alone the call light have gone off 40 times in the past 2 hrs      
take me as i come cause i can't stay long    deal with it
really really need a day off
don't know what to do bout the job offer in florida   ugh!!
fuck 16hrs days @ work i'm exhausted just 2 and 1 2 hours left ugh!!
i know nothing with any certainty but the site of stars makes me dream
is it you i want or just the notion of?  
all my lil secrets i whisper oh so softly when it appears not a single soul is listening all to well
i feel like i got hit by a damn train freakin migraines
and the train just keeps rollin over me
i'm just another coin in ur well and as i fall i come closer to all your past wishes which you no longer <propfemale>
lol damn 49ers tattoos throwin my froove off
fucking exhausted 2hrs sleep and a full ass day of workin both jobs gah!
shitty ass weekend once again fuck holidays
this can't be happining    its not i just keep telling myself no
whoa i was trippen but its all good now
woot gettin my hair done today!
this sucks ass badly   
men talk on the phone worse than chiks blah blah fuckin blah haha
"psh n frequently drunk an passed out, wasted effert what ev"
i'm freakin exhausted my whole body is shakin
"why does he always have to make me feel bad, he knows when he does it to!"
this place is gonna be the death of me i'm exhausted!
its better to rott than to fade away
"i give into my pretendings, and each time you come around i fall to my knees again"
i requested time off and shit i'm still headin to work! i'm never really gonna get a day off! i'm exhausted and cranky
"fuck my lawyer, fuck doctor, fuck it all! just keeps gettin worse, better days are far away"
god his drunk ass is disapointing!! damn you you that's right damn you and comedy night!
damn weather!
i need to move out of this damn town!
uh! some dumb bitch hit my poor lil car today its all fuckered up  sad 
blah just blah is how i'm feeling right about now
ur just a filler of the space that happened to be free it don't mean that much to me how dare you think u could get away with tryin to play me ha
blah i feel like poo!
oh boy just keeps gettin better   shit
"pretty as a whistle, smellin like a <propfemale> and smokin like a gun"
oh my hell worked all night still haven't slept and i have to b back in bout 5 hours wtf!
"my baby has my heart, my baby has my mind, but tonight the sweet devil, the sweet devil has my soul"
yay i get my car back friday it'll b all purdy again ha  smile 
coughin my brians out!
holy fuck i'm so sick! i can hardly breath and can't catch my breath its freakin me out!
oh its a sad day   i know i'm being left behind  
moving to montana first of the month   
shoes! all these damn shoes
i can't have nothin  sad 
i fuckin hate coming home
i'm left lonely and half broken
like an angel shot straight from hell
feel like ass
wake up n grab beer n grab rear
omg she's a crazy bitch! she will b the death of me
ugh good hell i'm bord
"peace   it does not mean to be in a place \where there is no noise, trouble or hard work  it means 2b in the midst \of those things n still be calm in your heart"
at work again ur lucky i luv ya jelly get feelin better chika
the colts are kickin some ass lol glad almost every room is playin the game
ugh i'm one sad panda im a mess
should of went back to sleep but ooh no i decided to be motivated ha
rawr grr grr    psh
omg i want apple pie really bad mm or pie or cake in general damn working nights!
finally home!
da bears!! someone on this hall has to b watching the game lol
work last night killed me i can barely wake up i'm gettin pissed
wuv you bread n jelly!!
hate job hunting! i need one right meow!
wanna lay and watch the stars e playful lode tonight
i know nothing with any certainty but the sight of stars makes me dream
"i'm happy today, it feels good i keep catching myself just smiling its a good change i could get used to it"
i have a migrane brewing not good
gah i'm cold! fuzzy socks just aren't cuttin it
"gah i fuckin luv the stars here, sitting on the porch just watching them e playful lode  it's the simple things that get me"
"the stars help me not feel so alone, they have always been there i hope they stay"
haha there is a street called jackrabbit in belgrade haha
pretty as a whistle smokin like a gun n smellin like a <propfemale>
wanna tell ya a lil story bout a girl named <propfirst> lovely lil thing but a bit of a dreamer
ugh i need a good rub down  eh fuck it just a new body
am just crazy am i just blind maybe just plain lazy blah blah blah
mmm snapple  smile 
fuckin whatever   
lol oh hours of entertainment
all ur mental armor drags me down    nothin hurts like ur mouth
lol oh man my cheeks hurt from laughing
lalala blah
hm hm hmm ugh
pour some sugar on me
talkin to dead people ain't natural haha
heading to idaho falls today
i've got my feet on the ground and i don't go to sleep to dream
i had to pee the last 100 <propmale> it was horrible haha
throbbing piercing pressure building n there is no release
raindrops keep falling on my head <propfemale>
oh oh its magic
laying in bed n can't sleep hate that!
it's snowing  sad 
wtf my 4th gear keeps kickin out fuck
"well didn't have 4th gear for awhile, saw deer, n ram thingys n random snow fall good times"
i got a job i got a job i got a motha fuckin job yay!
"cut out my tongue, beat me up n luv me without my impediments"
oh my god i am freakin the fuck out there is some creepy ass shit goin on n i don't like it!
mm i want jalapeno bites really bad   
lol totally cut a cop off earlier bad ha but somehow didn't get a ticket who cuts off a cop oh wait i do
i just can't get warm!
will b in if on the 15th n 16th
"i don't feel well and i could be hungry if the thought of food wasn't neasueating, so gonna smoke now maybe it'll make it better ha"
my loathing fears is all i seem to find   
dip me in chocolate and call me dessert   i want it damn it   lol
i need a back rub or a good poping it hurts
i'm having severe road rage i will fuckin hit that cock bag
i want a new body mine sucks its always on shut down mode i need a reset button maybe  
yay half an hour left of work then i get to sleep   ha what am i talkin bout no i don't  smile 
i'm overly sensitive today i've almost cried 1 too many times fuckin retarded
omg wtf i never ever miss work n apparently i was supposed to tonight?! fuckin uh
raining like a motha fucka
mm cheddar ruffles
"i live for the day i can hear you say, you make me feel like a whore"
oh good god its too early late to hear constant jabber
"to <propfemale> is to obtain; to aspire is to achieve, too many of us are stuck on what we don't have, can't have or never will have "
just 4 more hours
im so ready to b snugly in my bed
oh good fuckin hell imma accidently burn this bitch down
flaming cock bag this is ridiculous
freakin tired gonna be lame as usual n go to bed
jelly!!  sad 
i will pass through this moment with grace
<propfemale> <propfemale> deep breath    n release  gah its not fuckin working!
ur nothing like what u try to portray ur an inconsiderate selfish worthless waste of time yet as disgusted with u as i am i don't despise u
i only feel slight sarrow for u as i start to see ur superficial world crumbling around u e playful osing ur every delusional attempt to b
someone u could never possibly be   
<propfemale> la hmmm i'm hungry   
oh adventure time
it's a shame she had to die that way    
i must b reminded not to pick up extra shifts i hate when i do that ugh
i need some serious help staying awake! 4 more hours idk if imma make it
oh midnight angel won't u say you will    
oh how i luv ur sweet warmth as i feel u hit my lips n flow down my throat coffee u keep me goin all night
oh fuck that i can't handle that shit here   
well i have officially lost my damn drivers license
seriously can't u just once tell me something positive gah    
partially getting stuck in bozeman sux so to make it better i'm makin cookies!
if luv is aces give me the <propfirst>
gotta luv the smell of perm solution and urine such a lovely lingering aroma   i puke
oh freakin headache still
ah well that dude gave me a worse headache ugh ha
i'm the happiest fat kid right now freakin chocolate cheese cake mmm
bahaha oh boy i just got told from a 105 year old lady that i'm better than a cowboy!! haha oh made my night
too much time n not enough to do        
oh if tonight keeps goin the way it does i'm fuckin callin in tomorrow fuck this
"i'm exhausted, head hurts bodys giving out n whose gonna help me oh ya no one"
hmm      sad 
"i don't like today at all     teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life, teach me courage like the tree which stands all alone"
my phone is being a pile of shit n won't let me open any of my text messages sorry
wtf according to the dude @ verizon my phone could b under attack from some nasty lil bug as he put it whole damn phone needs wiped out i can't have nothin lol
oh snap i think i tricked my phone yay hopefully that will work  smile 
damn it for the past two days now my right eyelid has had a serious case of terets i swear ha
well despite being stuck in my driveway all day its been productive hopefully tomorrow i can get out ha
bad weather always looks worse through a window
"change you fb profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal: not to see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same   smile "
"wherever you go, no matter the weather, always bring ur own sunshine"
snowflakes are like kisses from the sky
"hmm i'm feeling kinda lonely   don't know why, i shouldn't but i do"
when advise falls like snow soft n steady it is dwelled apon and sinks into the mind  i need the snow to fall tonight
today will be a good day too bad after work it'll start with working out ha better drink some coffee  smile 
coffee isn't even saving me tonight
exhausted    very
"u r not special  ur not a beautiful unuiqe snowflake, ur the same decaying organic matter as the rest of us "
"take me- i am the drug, take me- im the hallucinagen    "
"everything is a miracle, it is a miracle one does not dissolve in the tube like a lump of sugar"
"the first man to compare a woman's cheeks 2a <propfemale> was obviously a poet, the 1st man to repeat  it was possibly an idiot   "
there are somedays i think i'm gonna die from an overdose of satisfaction   
i swear if one of these lil ol ladies makes me eat 1 more cookie or piece of <propfemale> imma hurl
happiness? that's nothing more than health and a bad memory   
oh happy day apple pie!
the hippy hippy shake
"it saddens me that even in her sleep she cries    she's so sad, when she's awake i try to make her smile even if its just for a moment      sad "
idaho falls here i come
roads were terrible but didn't mind driving so much
"you dont dwell on ur past, and today is always a good day, so why do u constantly pave ur future with every possible doom that may or may not occur"
<propfemale> many ppl to see and not nearly enough time  sad 
well guess i'm staying till wednesday
"had breakfast with a good friend this morning, saw my smiley friend in wal-mart n spending time with my jelly its been a good day  oh n new tires  smile "
"good day, good night morning saw a lot of good ppl  smile  i'm alright with this trip  back home in the morning n that'll b good too"
yay super soft pajamas!
this cough of mine is gonna wake up the whole damn facility ha eh
don't b sad <propmale> this will b the last christmas you'll have to spend with the marines smile you'll be home soon  smile 
christmas present to myself when i get off work in 2hrs   sleep yes! i luv sleep it sounds amazing right now
uh i should probably start eating when i get off work before i go to bed i might not wake up feeling sick lol
"have a heart that never hardens, a temper that never tires, \                  a touch that never hurts "
ugh its my friday just figures shit gonna hit the fan all night     literally      5 more hours
ahhh hiccups for the past 20mins is getting a lil ridiculous!
buzz before noon that's one way to stay awake after work
fountaindew     
eh nothin like a 90+ year old lady creepin around the corner in the dark f*in hallway to make u slightly pee ur damn pants fuh!!
hellz yes its my friday  laugh 
hmm    annoyed 
oh oh its magic        blah
"i put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process "
rain really   odd but i like it
yay bout an hour n ill b home all snuggled up in bed for a minute  smile 
will u lay with me n watch the stars just e playful lode in the night sky
i swear if these ppl get bombed again on a night i'm winking  i'm not even coming in
"so not worth it, so eat shit n slip on the ice u <propmale> lickin cock bag"
oh and today    imma shoot for a good day nice n calm   haha what am i talkin bout my days are only calm when i don't want them to be weird how that works ha
hmph awake n bord need somethin to do this week so i'm not chilling alone
poor <propmale>  sad  just can't have nothin
heading into idaho falls in the morning  smile 
oh fuck migrane vomiting n i can't even call in fuck this
anyone have any ways to get rid of a migrane  sad 
"resident: \ i dreamt i was eating the worlds biggest marshmellow   n now i can't find my pillow?\"" me: snort followed by lots of giggling from me n her haha"""
hm almost get in a head on with a semi yesterday n fly off the road into a field today i'm destined to b injured this trip
last night in town hope it doesn't start snowing too much
hmm     
i'm exhausted but so glad to b home
i'm exhausted but so glad to b home
who says pain has to hurt
i need motivation to go to work ugh
oomph is what i need
baha oh man someone labeled one of the juice pitchers as orange drank!!! wtf oh man
3more hours     ugh
some of the shit i do sometimes good hell i need to go to bed     ha
i wanna dance with you
hmph one more night        one is the loneliest number oh one
imma news more coffee     
crash n burn bam bam
its easy once u know how its done u cant stop now its already begun u feel it running through ur bones n u jerk it out ya jerk it out
i just wanna live fast n die happy no shame in that so take me as i come cuz i wont stay long
"take it all or leave me alone, i've been stuck in the middle far too long"
wasting time ooh waisting time
if i could just walk out on this piece of shit job i would   ignorant pricks
yay got to tattoo today  smile 
hm     just hm
i wanna barf
"oh take me as i come cuz i wont stay long, gotta keep movin on"
ah sad day da bears lost!
idk what it is that u do but u do it well   i'm begging u for mercy
"u made me want u, u made me need u, u made me tumble n fall i've bandaged my own scrapes n i'm on my way now"
i can't stop now this is where i'm gonna make all my really good mistakes
fighting the sleep     just 4hrs left    
oh good hell i'm sooo lame     i don't wanna go to my crappy job blah
at this rate i just may start smoking again fuh
damn forgot my phone charger lame      
haha good thing i know to stand to the side of a dude when he's sitting on the toilet i coulda just got wizzed on
u can do anything but don't treat me bad
oh no i'm in the red zone  sad 
just 2 more hours eh but my phones still goin like a champ been in the red for atleast 3hrs ha
35 mins!
hmmm very generic room    nothin in here but some folding chairs        smells like paint with a hint of the dog groomer   
the hunt continues     hopefully this hunt wont take me a month     
its 5am n i'm actually hungry as hell weird   so what's for breakfast?
excited for in the morning i'm feeling very motivated to get this ball rolling changing things for the better  smile 
i wanna b caught up in ur touch just to feel the rush
woot today's my weekend who wants to play ? i do i do  smile 
hmph just hmph  annoyed 
well i officially just got fired   
ouch   
"u can do anything, but just don't treat me bad    "
oh good hell    
bang bang i am the warrior
blah blah wish there was some sort of blah blah goin on
no wonder i'm basically a mute      
wow    again     such an idiot
"i'm lonely by ur side, i no longer feel my life n i have no where left to hide"
why did i fucking come here       
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone you all pretty much kick ass
taking my mom to get her hair done this should b interesting
going out tonight always a good time
damn 5am huh were did time go??
score i feel tip top this morning again tonight maybe
wow talk bout really uncomfortable      
la la i have a feeling tonight is gonna b good  smile 
oh perspective viewing goggles on ha damn u look like shit i should wear these more often
i'm not ur night and shining armour baby
heading back tomorrow
i feel like my insides are ripping out  eh   hurl
positive thoughts she will not piss me off my last 4 hours here     she will not piss me off  she will   eh
oh misery tell me why u make a fool of me
fuck its freezing
oh oh its magic
hmph     so done job hunting      goin down in flames is whats ahead of me
just the mere thought of it makes my stomach turn
mouthful of diamonds n a pocket full of secrets
haven't eaten all day n i've totally got a chicken sandwich just waiting to b eaten right next to me
<propfirst> n <propfemale> i wuv u guys  smile 
lol!
blah shit its like 3 am n i'm awake damn working night shift for so long
aw shit my sun roof is cracked n its <propfemale> n cold outside i ain't goin back out there haha eh
i need to eat so i can play tonight  sad 
good night this lush is done for now
uh go back to sleep! prob not gonna happen
oh im pretty much obnoxious  smile 
this fuckin wind i feel like the house is gonna fly away
bahahaha    
food    
eh i don't wanna drive to idaho tomorrow blah
sleeping a lot lately guess i'm just tired but i've got too much to do no more of this sleeping madness
here comes the rain again fallin on my head like a memory
i have a very unsettling feeling   
oh court how i hate that ur sooo dragged out    u <propfemale>
yay courts all done n ova with! let's get drunk n go out driving haha eh
o how i luv when i stand up too fast n get that crazy black situation for a sec but still try to walk psh
all i wanna do is get some sleep i gotta feelin i'm not the only one    i have terrible songs stuck in my head
i just need to make the phone call just make it       
u got my head spinnin go on baby don't stop don't u wanna feel it don't u wanna stare at gold
blah blah blah hmmm oh today     
today      is gonna b interesting to say the least
spring time why must u tease me in these cruel ways  
pretty much makin a drink
oh good lord imma sleep all day tomorrow
for fuck oh boy
hm go out or stay home    hmmm
lol weird my horoscope told me not to clean my house today cuz i may need some help from someone that's out for the day lol
i want to relax in warm water
gah i should do laundry    but just not now well maybe eh fine ill do my laundry    in the morning
couldn't sleep for nothin last night n i feel crumby today
motivation has completely escaped me must find it again my day isn't even close to over
pretty women go walkin with gorillaz down my road   
for fuck its only 8:20 gah
guess imma drink my night away n clean whooohoo psh
blah blah blah
mmm i want ice cream damn!
this waking up every hour thing sucks!
we are the architects of the body we inhabit
all i can hear is some very intense fuckin plane noises outside very obnoxious to say the least     
hmm headache please go away
oh what to do what to do
sooo cold gah my car should just b instantly warm
mmm food
back rub? please  sad 
blah blah blah bord!
so restless     
today the sweet devil has my soul
i should really go to bed!
hm never knew a sneeze could hurt my back like that   damn sneezing is gettin dangerous
hmmm i'm hungry    
ah ha! hmmm     way to early to even b partially awake 0625 hmmm
oh la la la hmmm
snuggly    good thing i've got cozy warm blankets
i take it slow like <propfemale>
gah totally passed out on the couch last night not comfy at all! lol
"just make me over, im not all i wanna be    "
taking life as it comes straight no chaser
"cut out my tounge n luv me without my impediments, in a world on a fish hook i am the wave   "
yay sleepin in
run away     lost my mind   id like y to stay    b my prize
well i'm done cleaning guess ill start drinkin    
a word that starts with q    quail!
it's pretty bad when even my horoscopes tells me i'm broke as fuck    it just may b one of those times were this whole month is gonna b against me
i wanna play today
outside sucks right bout now !
"my knee is makin me not wanna get up at all, much to do today tho     "
"all my secrets i whisper softly when it appears no one is listening all too well, like a coin tossed in a well with the hopes of being herd as it spirals down past many other whispered secret hopes   "
this fat kid is super hungry!
so ready to curl up in a big warm blanket its just a bit chilly  sad 
"i wanna do bad things with you, i wanna do real bad things with you"
mmm sushi  smile 
wow fuckin lame its not even 9 yet eh    
been sleepin so bad lately i'm up atleast every hour  annoyed 
got my winter gear on tonight     
it's gonna be a cold one     
frog legs totally stoked bout this
uh the only thing left after my migrane is dull throbbing n one exhausted body    
im stressed up to my eyeballs     
my phone  officially on its way to damn idaho      wont be able to get a hold of me cuz well im not in idaho  ugh!
the wind  sad 
so bord!
damn this month is goin by just a lil too fast
hmm wow early n dark     lame   hm i wanna jog this morning think i just may
rain drops keep fallin on my head
hm this neck cramp of mine is a very unnecessary annoyance occasionally i would like to take a gander at the right side of the room without sharp pain thank you
just like <propmale> n <propfemale>
i have lost all track of time today lol
oh oh oh its magic     that damn lil jingle is always stuck in my head
ha its defiantly been a cleaning day  smile 
damn back to laundry     
well ain't that a bitch i just can't have nothin nothin i'm tellin ya lol
damn snow another day at home lame!
lalala la
blah!
yawn     zzzz
hmmm ice cream     
im feeling the need to read a good book     any suggestions??
this fat kid wants a milkshake     mmm
food     i need food eh
defiantly gonna b a badass day for a snow fight woot!!
hmmm chips n salsa    yep pretty much
it's gonna b a good day i woke up laughing    
oh my god like gag me with a spoon      lol some people
yay sleep time  smile 
hmmm earlyness    blah
<propfemale> motha fuckin bam
yay gettin my hair done
shalala la la laaaa hmmm damn its early
i just wanna save you while there is still something there to save
i dig my new wife i think i just may keep her  wink 
