a82d5721037a73d27525b5fcec752cde
got accepted to memphis!
chillin 
spring break hasn't even started yet and im ready for it to all be over  
so ready to get out of my mothers house  can't wait till college!
ugh  i've almost had it!
super angry  
"still angry but, the night seems to be looking up "
enjoyed last night but seriously tired!
work  
tired of all the bullshit 
today went well  enjoyed spending time with my man  now off to bed   smile 
had a wonderful night with pj   smile  now off to do laundry then warm up my sheets!
"finally found my prom dress! now just need everything else  ha  now, off to work  "
this is bullshit  i hate it  i won't do it all over again  i am not the same person i was before   
seriously hate the new prom rules  looks like i wont be going to my senior prom    ugh!
seriously?    fml   
wish i had shot a few less last night    off to work!
i'm freezing  my mother seems to think setting the thermostat to ice mode is a good idea when its slightly warm out  ugh  she's seriously retarded sometimes 
just got a disturbing phone call   im thinking of changing my number 
"tired! tired of waiting, moving furniture, cleaning, school, and work  so in general, just plain tired as hell "
lots to do and a game at eight!
ready to go shopping! miss seeing pj though  
"fml, fmr, fmgi, fdchs, fmf    the list just keeps going on and on and on   "
"i wish for once, something, anything, would just go my way  it never does   "
i miss the old days; when breaking the red crayon was the worst thing that could happen 
disgusted and upset 
"a little better now but still confused and upset, plus i'm sick  ugh "
off to graduation practice   this shall be fun 
"out of every heartbreak i've e playful erienced, this one is hitting hardest "
wish i knew what was going on    (graduation tomorrow!!!)  smile 
tired of waiting   
fml  think i'm going to climb trees if this isn't better soon   
ready for today to be over  
i so hate my hair! im just not supposed to be a blonde   
got attacked by a lizard at work!! it was horrible!
has had a lovely day in the sun with <propfirst>!  smile 
i feel so bad for my poor <propfemale> <propfemale>   but im off to work 
is having a really bad day already   wish i could go back to yesterday morning and start over there 
finally found my graduation ring and bought it!!! its gorgeous! i cant wait to get it back   smile 
"no matter what i do, its never good enough for him  i guess im just not what he wants anymore    if i ever was at all "
screw it  i'm so done 
today was a total waste of makeup and oxygen 
getting ready for kaylins birthday celebration!  smile  happy birthday my love!!!
i wish i could go back to last week and stay there  
painting!!  smile  oh ive missed it so! then to work at 5  
so sick of my mother bugging me about college!! im almost to the point where i dont want to go anymore! ugh!
i'm offically going crazy  peach tea and paint are the only things keeping me together  where the hell is the glue?!
ready to scream!
made another 22 on my act  i give up 
can't think of what to make for dinner    any ideas?
"smurf is amazing, if you didnt know "
can't wait for all of this to blow over 
sick of lies!
my new favorite song: i love the way you lie 
hates having to work drive in the rain! ugh 
needs out of this house!!!!
had a great night  i think   
i want another tattoo so bad!!
ready for a change 
my mom is retarded  straight up 
had a wonderful night  now ready for an amazing day   smile 
eight months    smile 
off to work  e playful ecting a good night    smile 
school   
"going out, then bio lab at 5   smile "
"wish i could start today all over  its like i woke up not only on the wrong side of the bed but, underneath it and at the wrong end with no sheets   "
"hoping for a good, easy day  so far, so good "
sitting in computer class  super bored  hitting the pillow after this   smile 
super tired  couldn't sleep for fear of frostbite 
"drinking, alone  what a great night "
cant get <propfemale> off my mind  i've been thinking about her all day  i miss her 
i so hate this computer class  dying of boredom  
goin downtown tonight  im excited 
well nevermind   
think i'll paint later  seems like a good day for it   smile 
"had a fucked up dream, then woke up and on the way to class busted my tail light on an electrical pole  so far its been a lovely day, looking forward to tonight   "
"save a hoe, buy a boat "
"cough     cough      cough, cough, cough      cough!!!"
"\sweddish spoons\"""""
"if at first you dont succeed, then swimming with sharks is not your thing "
"tired of trying to fix everything alone  this is me, asking for help "
happy birthday <propfemale>  ily 
is the ground breaking for <propfemale> still going on today in the rain?
can't wait for manicotti tonight! thank yall for the birthday wishes   smile 
"honestly had an awful day  <propfirst> and mom made it better, but still no good  wish i could start it all over    on the flip side; thank you for all of the birthday wishes! they all made me smile! i have amazing friends!  smile "
so need a party tonight! know of one? text call me! 662-404-1128
mouth seriously hurts!
"be good, or be good at it "
"isn't it odd how someone can make your day in just one moment then, in the next completely ruin it   "
why?
i need a new job    any ideas?
dying my hair     purple      oh and im on drugs 
imperfection is beauty  madness is genius  and it is better to be ridiculous than absolutely stupid  -<propfemale> <propmale>
so hate you 
excuse me? i make you angry? ha! you make me angry  this is so dumb!!
finally have a computer! super stoked  now to set up the wireless    
biology 2 labs are way too long  6 smile 0pm-8:20pm  there's only so many things you can do with dna    blah!
i can not for the life of me figure out how to sync my ipod to my new computer without it deleting all my stuff  help!
"i hate being told what to do  i wear big girl panties, thanks "
sick of this computer screen 
red bull and gin but feel like vodka   
fever of 101 5  gonna try to go back to bed    wish me luck 
"i'd just like to apologize to everyone for being \so fucking annoying \"" thanks """
"still sneezing! so sick of it  anyway, sorry for being \annoying \"""""
i posted a note  i hope the right person reads it  i hope they know who they are and i hope it means something to them 
it's back  101 2   sad 
it's official  he is never going to change 
i have a surprise for a mr  <propfirst> a  jeter iv  i'm excited   smile 
having some wine and watching comedy central  good times all around  you're missing out 
i hate valentines day with a passion of ten thousand fiery suns  never once have i had a good one  this one shall be no different i'm afraid 
super excited for tonight! just gotta conquer work and school first  but what to wear?
"really, really, bad day  doubt sleep will even help    annoyed "
manocotti then work  maybe today will be raise day 
"no raise today  such a disappointment   oh well, at least i clocked out with 13 75 hours   smile  bout time "
it's funny how the undo button never works in real life  i wish i could live on a keyboard 
"really?!?! what to do?? oh, i dunno, maybe see your girlfriend ?! funny how it never crossed his mind "
knees are killing me!
"me: all guys are, are liars, cheaters, and assholes \paul: that's not true! i'm not an asshole!\haha "
looks like another great night to come at casa de jeter   smile 
he's all yours ladies 
quote me: you had a choice  you chose  you got what you deserve 
could really use a backspace button  
a&p lab till 8:20  super excited 
well that's just lovely  enjoy!
"this was the biggest waste of time and energy on my record  he should have just told me from the start  i would have been okay then but now, i've not only lost a boyfriend, but a bestfriend as well    why all the games?"
due date   smile 
"it's truely amazing what can happen in just a matter of hours  believe me, i know   one day can change your life  imagine what a week could do for the world  "
"horrible, terrible, no good, very bad two weeks  the topping to my sunday: mom giving my dog away   sad "
"personally i would like to apologize to everyone <propfirst> a  jeter has been with, relationship or not  he is a liar, cheater, hurtful, ungrateful bastard that thinks only of himself and wants nothing more than a good lay, so ladies, beware for he is on the prowl  i wish you luck   smile "
"generally speaking, i don't think i'm that bad of a person  i do alot for other people and i get along with everyone until they give me reason not to  i'm here for you when you need me, i'll defend you in a heartbeat and i'm as loyal as it gets  so with that said, i have one question  why does everyone feel the need to use me as their doormat and stab me in the back? just letting you know, i'd never do that to you "
my favorite holiday and i have nothing to do   
drinks on me    literally 
"i know curiosity killed the cat, but i'd rather be dead than absolutely stupid "
"\give me <propfemale> and i'll marry you too \""   smile """
straight just got attacked and smothered at pet smart 
"\considerable clouds\"""""
"\smells like a m&m fucked a skittle\"""""
"instead of being put in his pocket for the weekend, i was surely put in his shoe  he's done nothing but walk all over me "
hot tea to start my day   smile 
finally off from zaxby's now to quiznos   smile 
bored already  
home sweet home 
"please don't call me, you didn't all weekend  please don't ask if i'm alive, i didn't know if you were  please don't tell me you're sorry, i've heard it enough  please don't act like this time would have been any different, it's always the same  please don't pretend like you're hurt, i know i don't phase you "
working 11 hours today  super excited  
"so, he really didn't do anything huh? wow   he seizes to amaze me "
wish i could speak and understand spanish  it would make this class so much easier 
i love my flowers  i smell them as i fall asleep and as soon as i wake  thank you   
i wish i was still a believer  
