cfe3cc5b4c4f3fc870c172ff55631b03
happy new year
im so bored
why is everyone going everywhere
what the heck is famville
is watching aliens on amc
is going out on his boat
is pumped for the nd game
burned his mom's brownies
is a knucklehead mcspazatron
swimming's coming up    can't wait to be going to bed at 11 and waking up at 5 smile 0 to finish homework   
"smells like chlorine, forgot the happy birthday song, and just ate some delicious oreo icrecream "
i just love when there's a math test tomarrow and there's no time to study! good night people 
finshed his homework  yes   
tired of so many things going on   
mr  licata needs to email me    now   
"who has answers to sheet handed out by sra  <propmale> <propmale>, spanish 2, for the back of the sheet where you need the book? please help"
"who has answers to sheet handed out by sra  <propmale> <propmale>, spanish 2, for the back of the sheet where you need the book? please help"
enjoys soup juice
why do i have so much raggae music on my itouch???
"my eyes are so heavy  aaaaaaaaajhaiuyusidhgaiskhdlnmbxm , sef"
survivor
why is my itouch taking 2 hours to download   ?
"anyone else get a notification that someone sent them a video message but when they opened it, it was just a bunch of adds?"
lost his assignment notebook aldkfja;lkdjsoiru3qorjojqofjalkdmnf;malkn4ket
i hope everyone in licata 4 has already stapled their papers   
what is it called when you dont feel like doing anything?
daly 4 people he put the test scores on gradefile  look at grades
i had a dream that sra  <propmale> <propmale> had a second job at an airport and i went to visit her   
t30's are killers     omg   
anyone else pretty confused with bio 4 daly hw?
and notre dame wins!!!! yesss!!! omg i didnt think they were going to win
acorns keep falling on my house
"\i want men in my mouth    that's delicious in my pants    \"" and so many more -<propfirst>"""
my parents are going to see <propfirst> <propmale> dance with her partner and with 5 other olympic athletes 
"now, this is a story all about how my life got flipped-turned upside down and i liked to take a minute just sit right there i'll tell you how i became the <propmale> of a town called bel air"
"google just created a    \mytouch\""    """
omg intense notre dame washington game!!! we have to win
ah yes done with this stupid spanish project
who's in licata 4? what words did you do for cross?
why does dove make shampoo and ice cream
who has 847-602-0355 and keeps calling my mom's cell?
why does go to school night have to be 3 5 hours  
"if you looked up directions to the party in the f building last night, it pulled up google maps for a place in <propfemale>"
its pink outside
everybody call 847 404 2385
oh gilly     snl
marley and me  sad 
a haunting
i cant watch anything on tv cuz my sister is recording devine design and project runway at the same time    
people need to learn how to spel
holds the record for losing his pencil in 2 seconds
"just spent 1 5 hours at a \minute clinic\"""""
who's in daly bio 4
whos in daly 4
ncis = intense
<propmale> hanks has the worst <propfemale> accent ever
whatd i miss
woohoo pg  70 out of 100 in a hope in the unseen
"at the oppostie end of the stomach, the pyloric sphincter regulates the flow of chyme into the small intestine "
whos going to lagnappe tomoro
who is going to lagnappe tonight
aliens = classic
notre dame wins again
fb completely messed up
castle = one of the best shows ever
<propfirst> swift has 5 out of 10 songs on the itunes top ten singles   
i hate english pop quizes
who saw the halloween office episode
internet is down for a week   
waited for bus that never showed for 2 hours    i was the last one there
2 words: mon tage
no homework    but its monday    
who has seen the show v
time to start english paper? btw chop sticks are stupid
<propfirst> is a cosmonaut
5pm and pitch black
"if we get our english papers back tomorrow, im kinda nervous"
snorkel city
cmon fb  
who watches v
ok   gotta read 50 pages for english by monday
cocoa puffs + strawberry banana smoothie =  smile 
5 notices that i can now activate the new facebook chat  
i want snow tomorrow
school starts at 10:15 right?
haircut
siddartha is messed up
it's a word?? coach <propmale> was right! http annoyed  www urbandictionary com define php?term=jamoke
"ok   , so big science test tomorrow,    and then science finals?"
scare tactics!!!
eggnog is gross
"cousins, chocolate fondou, shining laser pointers at ppl across the street, cod 6, itunes gift card, fire"
10 days
just got a lifegaurd job for this summer
i dont know what i want for my bday  
why is everyone so paranoid about people viewing their profile?
"im 14 years, 11 months, 29 days, and 15 hours old"
"2 swim meets, my birthday, and 30 pages to read, annotate and study for english on monday  thanks licata"
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone
"reading wasnt that much fun before, mr  licata brought it to a new level"
nt freshamn dominated the swimming conference
the who
i think watching man vs  wild + skittles + strawberry jarritos in gym class was the best gym class ever
http annoyed  www sarahmcculloch com luminaryuprise longest-word html
luger died today training for olympics tonight
3 <propfemale> paper due next week     why   
physch season finale
and i thought the odyssey was bad   
left homework at home    bummer   
home!   work time   
"i found a stereo that said \free\"" on it at school during swim practice and the janitors wouldn't let me take it  just goes to show you how currupt the school system is"""
fantabulous is in the dictionary  ?
???? ??????
got a lifegaurding job this summer
my dad just got a free ipad
when does school start tomorrow
its funny how none of the study material that i only need for tomorrow isn't working on gradefile
making life-saving devices out of household materials
"3 tests tomorrow, not to mention my finals on friday and tuesday   "
what themes are we supposed to be looking at in a mid summer nights dream?
instruction permit!
<propfemale>'s got talent
holy crap parinormal activity
making pizza from scratch
kinect
birds keep flying into my windows
the storm's coming   
saw a car completely on fire on the highway
first debit card
"cubs game, dead snow, fireworks"
"100 degree beach, 50 degree water"
spain
-\hey miss," i think there's something dripping under your car\""\"cfe3cc5b4c4f3fc870c172ff55631b03,inception omg
6 hour car trip followed by 2 days of camping and 4 days of hiking
i just made $400 with a 3 hour carwash 
scuba diving
1 week
crappy day
<propfirst> colbert on the emmys
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else's status, almost word for word, to see if they notice "
when will i know that i really can go to the well once more time to decide on
"nice job nt, i think i heard a cowbell on glenbrook norths side?"
cmon nd   
notre dame is awesome 
what do we have to study for ms  geary lvl 4 test?
so tired
airplane
big day!!!
success
geary lvl 4 history hw?
woah i actually have some free time in my life right now  
save the green guy! he was arrested
"10% luck, 20% skill 15% concentrated power of will   "
happy gilmore
some 16yr old just died in a scuba accident on the news    i got scuba-certified this summer   
i got out
did absolutely nothing today
was in the newspaper
my mom left the gas from the stove on for 3 hours and my whole house smells 
full day paintballing
cant wait until halloween tomorrow
blockbuster going out of biz
"finally got my diving license, but my picture is from last year when my hair was shaves"
saw the funniest thing today  drive by the grand 
almost friday    but then i have to go on a campout and i have 2 papers due tuesday
4 day week followed by 4 day weekend and another 4 day week  cant wait
who is deng xioapeng? wh
thanks mr  gridley   
"because of the global engagement project, i now hate doing service  thank you so much   "
hypnotist show was awesome
who else has a test tomorrow that they're not ready for? i have 2  
theres a freshman paranoia league too?
1 month
new car!!!
snow    !?!?!
got my christmas tree
walking dead season finale
"30 x 100 doesnt equal 3000, it equals death"
anyone else seen the cia commercials advertising for people to be spies?
no more tests please   
nt > gbn
it's weird how today is the first day of winter   
pysch finale
snow on xmas <propfemale>
selling 16gb ipod touch
almost entire east coast - 2 ft of snow
t minus 30 minutes   
i think a kid brought a gun to washburne
i hate history   
anyone is forbes lvl 4?
sister scratched my black ops disc and my xbox freezes everytime i try to play it
do you have any meth    or meth?
thanks for the happy birthdays everybody
no more brown hair
lightning during a snow storm?
looking forward to the commercials
1 more day with hair
i can finally say    i'm still so tired
so sick   
a school bus dented my new car
survivor
ski trip
gamecenters anybody?
words with friends
banksy didn't win an <propfirst>   
found out i almost moved to cali 12 years ago
license!
why does it feel like a friday??
snow?
lazer tag champ
first time at a waffle house
