701f7a981a976480b6e829a25b0dcc20
needs prayers and help  
feels helpless at this new set of circumstances   please pray
loves laying out under the stars
well i guess its time to sleep busy day tomorrow 
is praying for a friend and hopes she finds what she is looking for
cant sleep
is worried!!!!!
is hmmm what to say  smile  sitting here in a room full of girls
<propfirst> is saddened by what was done to his status   thats the best they got
hates the fact that he's been up since 5am and wishes his eyes would stop burning   whos all in cville today?
<propfirst> hates the sleepiness benidryl causes
has the worst stomach virus of his life    anyone know something to help    or that can stay down   or doesnt taste bad coming up?
just woke up and is less exhausted then the day before
wohoo   ive got a place to live    yeah
doesnt know what he wants to do today but knows that he needs to relax
yay going to be in cville today moving stuff in    if anyone wants to <propfemale> out tonight text me
loves him some cucumbers on a sandwich
time to get up   have laurens <propmale> fixed    and then go to work until 11   great day huh?
is offline until tomorrow have fun everyone
doesnt know what to do
is happy to finally be moved in to his new house
on campus   what to do today?
didnt log off
<propfirst> is very sry that saying i didnt log off is all <propfirst> could say
yay for peoples being on campus
first day of classes and tigernet is down   yay
just got a call   yay   its running    for now
just made my first batch of potato soup and its delicious    come get some
occasionally enjoys facebook stalking people 
not true real stalking is better
wishes he could help more
<propfirst> is glad to have gotten in touch with an old friend   iver missed them
goimg to lville to get pay check   yay!!!!   ugh!!!
baked spaghetti    enough said
is hurting and really needs someone to talk to
pumpkin seeds
new <propfemale> was awesome!!!!
stupid car isnt working so im stuck in cville this weekend and i dont have anything to do    and im not getting paid     grrrrrr
has his computer back with windows 7 ultimate and so much more
has realized losing papers to accidental deletion is a horrible thing to happen
happy christmas
had a lot of fun yesterday
is back online
"that i was all alone in my austere kitchen, syaring out the window into the little patch of night sky, at the three bright stars i could see through it "
"today i bury my grandmother, <propfemale> <propfemale> burgin, age 72   she is the reason i'm where i am today and who i am today   she will be missed greatly and will always be remembered   grandma i love you "
not a fan of new facebook
loves <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst> 
"when did family stop caring about the feelings of other family members   especially when there has been a death   the world is so corrupt and selfish   when we can put a price tag on those we love and say that its all about the money, then there is no actual love in us "
has taken his final and is done with his first 8 weeks class
eating some home made chili
finished my taxes
well im off to another viewing and funeral this weekend   sigh   
laurens all sickly  sad 
my chats not working?
cant find his sd card
i hate weekends
has decided that 7 in the morning is a horrible time and it should not be seen by any individual
working on matboard
not having a good morning
wohoo todays the day
546 dollars from taxes appeared today in the bank acount    surprises like that are amazing
needs a tie
"cinnimon toast crunch, teaches me cannabalism "
is done with his paper   finally    stupid small font
is exhausted   my work sleep schedule and my school sleep schedule do not agree
so far registered at walmat and bed bath and beyond go online and look at the stuff i want u all to buy me
lovely bones    rent it     watch it    now!!!!!!!
"does not want to go to work today, its just so pretty outside"
has to be at work at 2pm   its 3am right now and he is just now able to start to relax and go to sleep    some people can be very selfish
my back is killing me  think i pulled a muscle at work  plans for the day canceled
car is in garage wohoo
not only is car in garage but they will have it for a week    wohoo    so i'm carless for a week   oh the joy   oh the fun
had a good night and a good morning  hopefully will have a good day at work
at work 6 hours to go
at work 4 hrs left
"woke up this morning with a kitten on my back  don't know where kitten came from, or who put kitten on my bed? but i has a kitten!!!!!"
just hacked my pc with my ipod   good things will happen
feels like he just threw up his lung   stupid ulcers!
when as christians did we start telling people they are going to hell and that is the only contact we have with people   yes tell people that what they are doing is wrong but then love them no matter what   i mean when did christians lose that love aspect?
woke up by <propfirst> hitting me in the testicles then having my mom cut my finger open to let an infection out   great morning!!!  going to newport aquarium!!!!!!!  wohoooo!!!!!
i'm all anxious and eager to get the lease for new house  going to take pics sunday  decide on paint colors monday and tuesday  paint wednesday and thursday  and move in the following sunday!!!!!
"im finaly tired, time to let my brain stew over all my ideas"
is almost all packed up   moving day is sunday wohooooo
painting new house woooooooooooooooo
two days of painting from 8am till 10pm straight   house is looking better    hallway and bathroom left    getting up at 8am to paint then home by 4 then work from 5pm till 3am tomorrow is going to be fun ughhhhh
exhausted can barely keep eyes open    but have to work till three   pray we can get off early
first night moved into my new house was very relaxful but i have to work from 4-12 today 12-8 tomorrow then back in good ol cville tuesday night thru friday morning
cant decide what to cook thinking about a garlic butter vegi stir-fry with noodles
fixing spaghetti for <propmale> and his wife tomorrow     wohooo  smile 
i hate work on fridays  some people just make this job horrible
if my brothers cat doesn't stop its incessant  meowing i will feed it to my dog
"without a phone for awhile if u need me, message me on here or text me at 502 354 2308"
scratch what i said about not having a phone for awhile   i found a replacment
has interwebs!!!
stuck in cville   car is pouring out coolant faster then i can pour it in   oh the joys of having a car!
storming so bad!!!!  laugh 
wishes he could scan so he could get tattoo images online
head hurts so goodnight my friends 
can't sleep and my headache i getting worse  ugh   also feeling kinda confused and lost   is this normal?
can't sleep and my headache is getting worse  also feeling lost and confused   is this normal?
wishes the night was over!
just got netflix!!!!
"wohoo giveaway at ccc!!! got a coffee table, a phone, a bike, and a crock-pot!!!!"
steak and twice baked potatoes         mmmmmmmmm
why do i feel so tired at 1?
making coffee flavored homemade ice-cream for my baby
made pancakes for my baby this morning  smile 
<propfirst> fixen me lasagna tonight mmmmmmm  smile 
woke up at 7 and did some dishes   why i did this? i have no idea  trying to go back to sleep now   goodnight world!
on vacation this weekend woot!
good morning world!  (and some people say that my only comments on here are about food) now time for breakfast lol  smile 
got big fish tank up and running wohoo!!!!
feeling sick   ugh hopefully i'll be better by tonight
tired so tired   i blame netflix
good morning world!!
ugh! allergies and sinus infection   today is not going to be fun 
applying for jobs during the week   pray that god provides me with one
by order of <propfirst> <propfirst> i am to stay in bed all day    today is going to be horrible 
made some soup   i feel a little better but not to much  sad 
going in for an interview at 10:25 am pray for me peoples
well ladies and gents i has a new job!!!!!!  and im keeping my old one as well    i is going to be busy  smile 
1st day at new job is amazing
happy 7 years to my baby
misses his late night friends
i has a <propfemale>
well off to work i go order some pizza for lunch ppls
just watched <propfemale> <propmale> her tail for a few minutes    smile 
having microwaved pizza and ski for thxgiving   u know ur jealous  sad 
its snowing everywhere but here  sad 
gettin married in 5 days     wohoooo!!!!
ok this seems interesting   send me a random number in my inbox and i'll say something about u on my status        get ready get set go!!!!!!
15:  i love u bunches  and u need to finish ur test 
"7813:  honestly, from what i've seen of you, you are an amazing person   i would love to <propfemale> out with you more   txt me sometime "
24: the few times we have <propmale> out have been interesting   once everything settles down maybe we should play some more games 
29: i never get to see or talk to u as much as i would like to   i wish i could visit more or maybe u should come around more    btw i will steal ur couch 
so i'm married   wohooo?
so i'm married    woohoo!
honeymoon pics going online soon   im on a boat! (a pirate boat) arghhh
so i come home from my honeymoon and my hot water pipes are frozen somewhere    landlords coming tomorrow  sad 
so my car is stuck in the snow and i've lost my voice   <propfemale> christmas  lol
woke up this morning to <propfirst> screaming oh no! to ten doggy landmines all over the living room
is moving furniture around!
so what do u do when a bomb is dropped in your lap   do you take it and try to deal with it or do you throw it back at the person that dropped it there?
"me-\lauren do you know how to make a grilled cheese?\""\",701f7a981a976480b6e829a25b0dcc20,been throwing up all day   today sucks   couldn't go to work   ugh i really needed those hours    sad 
hasn't been able to keep anything down for 2 days     ugh
"pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  however, to be eligible, you must repost this status, offering the same thing to 5 other people  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 "
im praying for a dear friend   someone who is going through a rough time   you know who you are   know that i am with you and that you are loved!
"is watching a-team season 1, playing wow, and making chili!  yay for multi-tasking!!!!"
praying that a friends social situation works out and that god shows them exactly what needs to be done to solve it peaceably   smile 
my phones dead and we have no clue as to where laurens phone is  so if u need to get in touch with us msg me on my ipod
yay for sinus infection
for lunch: grilled balsamic mint pork-chops and candied potatoes
wishes this awful cough would go away
hey i just applied to work at a psychiatry treatment facility pray i get the job
so tired from working and not sleeping because <propfirst> was in the emergency room
just did my taxes   refunds wohoo!!!!
wohoo dish guy is here!!!!!   we gettin tv
just got done grinding my own hamburger meat from angus beef   the burgers were the best ive ever had   lauren agrees
wants to thank everyone for the well wishes and the reminder that im getting old  smile 
<propfirst> wishes she had the clapper because shes too lazy to walk two steps to turn off a light
at this moment i have a mohawk   
yay i have a vacuum hose leak wohoo
the hd on <propfirst>'s macbook went kaput   pray that we get all of her stuff redone this weekend 
"it's 4 surprise 6 am and i can't sleep   have to be up at 8 to get money that was taken out of my bank account, wrongfully, back   oh the joy  smile "
my stomach is so upset
making arancini for dinner for <propfirst> and me    mmmmmm classic italian
