8ddb015a3d075ede4bc8a26c8ace43f7
off to go shopping yay!!  hope all have a wonderful first day of 2010!!!  hugs
had a wonderful day with my family   and thankful for all my new friends and hannas friends as well   thank  you all for your support  hugs~sara
life is so odd sometime what it drags back in    
at home with my leg up trying to stay out of the heat with this cast   my foot hurts really bad and hoping that this surgery took   as many incicsions as i have on my foot it should   hope all have a goodnight  hugs
do kids ever listen    lol i know i didnt omg that why she doesnt   lol
getting stitches out in a couple of hours and new cast   going to do laundry now   talk to ya soon   hugs
omg!!!crutches are getting annoying   but they are good exercise   my arms are on fire   lol  hugs
my girls have stolen a piece of my heart since the day they were born   i cant imagine a life without my beautiful girls 
omg my foot hurt so bad   the joint is still messed up   this sucks 
going to bed have a goodnight and sweetdreams!!! hugs
i am so happy right now i cant even e playful lain it   life is great   smile 
is it really possible to be this happy    my heart says yes yes yes!!!!
have appts  this afternoon   hope all have a great day   excited about the kids starting school next week too   hugs!!
have physical therapy tomorrow omg feel the pain bring it on   going to have a relaxing night   and omg whats up kanye is he god or what   not he thinks he is   hope all have a goodnight!  sweetdreams!  hugs!!
now i have what <propfemale> had   relaxin to get better 
can i stay in bed all day     not like anyone can hear me   i am sick  sad 
have to go renew my license tomorrow   fun! hope all have a goodnight sweetdreams   hugs
lovin the new creed album full circle   gettin the new <propfemale> jam next  love my rock!!!  hope y'all have a goodnight!  sweetdreams! hugs
ncis night yay!!  goin to finish watchin now   bye hugs
going to myspace to play bloodlines   have a goodnight!!
off to do laundry and clean  going to make it a point to go to church tomorrow havent been there since surgery   hugs
on a good note i made it to church yesterday i am lovin the end times series   want to join its at stone church sundays at 9am and 11am  3303 englewood come join us for an awesome series   (come as you are) this morning my car broke down and have to have my brakes redone i am so upset   i want my car back   hope all have a good day!!!  hugs
my car is driving me crazy   the cold weather isnt good for it all 
it snowed i want more!  hugs!!!
played around took some quizzes fun   going to bed now   goodnight!!!  sweetdreams!!! hugs!!!
twisted my ankle today in pt hoping that i didnt mess up my surgery   i am hating my luck   happy thanksgiving all!  hugs!!!
happy thanksgiving to my friends and wonderful family god has blessed me with   hope you all have a beautiful holiday   hugs!!!
going to feed the ducks with the fam   have a good day all!  hugs
had fun feeding the ducks   did a little laundry and now relaxing   hope all have a safe and happy weekend!  hugs!!
have laryngitis sucks but thats life hope to be better soon!  it snowed yay!!!  cant wait to get out and play in it   hugs
almost ready for christmas!!!
wow a quiet night   in my house that is amazing   hope you all have a goodnight and great tuesday   made fudge tonight and taste just like my mama's mmmmm and baking apple pies and brownies in the days to come   car still broke down but trying to be a little upbeat about christ's birthday   <propfemale> christmas all!!!!!!!  hugs
i am glad christmas is over   it was nuts   am looking forward to the new year   hope all had a great christmas   hugs
got a new car yesterday   so excited!!!  no more car problems   yay!!!  hope all of my friends and family had a wonderful christmas   hugs
it snowed noooooo!  we dont want snow 
my car doesnt like me   tryed braking my finger tonight   had a nice time with my mom today and <propfemale> behaved
have to go run errands i just want a day of rest   hugs
goodnight all my friends and family   hope all you have a wonderful new years <propfemale> and may many good fortunes come to you in the new year   hugs!!!!
fibromyalgia sucks!!!!  hope all of you have had a better day than me   hugs
today is going to be a good day   and so far it is   hope all of you have a great day too   hugs
new ncis and ncis los <propfemale> yay!!!  i am so excited   have a goodnight! hugs
"what to do what to do    cleaning house, making dinner and then a game with <propfemale> when homework is done   shes going to want monoploy and i want jenga   lol"
two days with a migrain sucks!  hope tomorrow is better  hugs
busy day ahead   hope the weather is favor of us today   hope all of you have a wonderful and blessed day  hugs
prayer for all of those in haiti   hugs
hope all have a wonderful night with your families   hugs
i seriously dont understand guys and i dont think i want too    hugs
when is it that we became adults again   i protest   i am tired of shopping and appts  and cleaning and work   can i have a day of relaxation   one day soon    hope all have a good day 
spending the day with <propfemale> and playing on the webkinz with her   hope all have a great day!!!
great day so far   went and lunch with my mom!  smile   hugs
have an mri on my foot in the morning   hope the results are good   please pray for me   hugs
done with my appt  and now have to laundry that not too bad   hope all have a great day!!!  hugs!!!!
hope all have a great day!!!!
havin a great night at home with the family   going to feed the birds tomorrow   it's so relaxing   hope all have a wonderful night and good rest of the weekend   hugs
my baby girl is home sick so she is designing <propfemale> clothes and sewing how cute   shes really good at it   hugs
having surgery again this time on my good leg   who knew having large calf muscles could cause so many problems   please pray and hope all have a great weekend   hugs
it's going to be a late dinner but i am getting everything in order   how many times do i have to hear <propfemale> vega from that new <propmale> show   <propfemale> is hooked!!! lol
surgery went well got home the same day   no more of this over night in the hospital stuff   my leg is sore but besides that i am really tired   hope all are having a great week   hugs
"there is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it  ~chinese proverb happy mothers day (found this on twitter thought it was cute)"
i get my cast off and staples out today yay!  just in time for community days    i can't wait to go sit in the morning sun for the parade   it is going to be a beautiful weekend!!! hope all have a great day hugs!!!
well staples are out and it hurts worse than i thought it would   can't wait til i am out of this boot and off these crutches   hope all are having a great weekend   hugs
shot me a message if you would like to adopt this baby   hope all have a great night   hugs
does anyone want a cute <propfemale> for their child or just for them   have his pics in my photos   go look he is cute and needs a good home   hugs!!!!
i always said i was going to be the cool mom that let my kid do what she wanted to with me around   be oh hell no   she wants to get into dance and cheerleading and if that is what they are going to be teaching my daughter they have another thing comin   my viesw on parenthood have changed so much since i have gotten older 
i feel so sorry for those little girls being e playful osed the way that they are by their parents   it is really sad 
it is truely amazing what they show on tv and the internet   i thought it was bad when we were in school omg no   hope all have a great day   btw who ordered the rain?!?  lmao
that is a really good question <propfemale> makes me wonder too   
i really dislike the rain   it's ok with thunder and lightening but i think that is over with for awhile 
what is wrong with me tonight i am so tired 
still have to use these stupid crutches ughhh!!!  this sucks 
lakers wave ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø keep the wave going ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°lakers wave
it's my baby's birthday summer is 10 today wow how the time flies   hope all have a great weekend   hugs
happy memorial day!
"happy independence day!!!  hope all have a fun, safe, weekend   miss you mom!!  hope you're having fun in cali  hugs!!!"
physical therapy today   i still think it should be called torcher therapy!  hope all have a great day!  hugs
can't sleep   i hate nights like this   hope all have a beautiful day!
boise cascade caught on fire again   omg this is crazy!
going swimming tomorrow at selah pool   hopefully that will help my leg a little   hope all have a great evening 
ok! so my mom was right i am sunburnt from head to toe!!!  ouch!!!  lol  but i had a great time at the pool   cant wait to do it again   love you mom!
ok! so my mom was right i am sunburnt fomr head to toe!!! ouch!! can't wait to go to the pool again had a nice day with my mom   love you mom!
my sun is turning into a tan   i look good dark   i think i could fake and bake all winter to stay this bronze   lol  goodnight!
i can't believe summer is almost over!!!  where did it go?!?
had a cortisone shot in the knee today   boy did that suck!  find out on the 2nd of september if i have to have surgery on it   anyone know a good local ortho for a 2nd opinion   please let me know!
i get my second opinion this week   hope it is good news    wish me luck!!!
hannie has been sicl all weekend poor little girl   i hope she is feeling better soon   this is crazy 
had so much fun yesterday bbqing i havent laughted that hard in a long time!!!
had so much fun yesterday bbqing i havent laughed that hard in a long time!!!
seriously school in 1 wk   where did the summer go?
already have grocery shopping out of the way yay!
school starts tomorrow and hannie is stressing out so much!  she is driving me nuts!!!  were we like this?!?
schol sure wore my rugrat out finally!!!  lol  i am just glad she had a great day and likes her teacher   hope all have a great evening!  hugs
do i know how to spell   lmao school!
omg it is so cold out today!  when is our sun coming back into view!!  kinda makes it hard to haul apples!
i hate shopping for jeans!!!
this sucks holiday weekend i am sick with head cold and lost my voice   this sucks 
hannie is still sick   been trying to spend more time worshiping and getting into the word   today was a great day for that   tomorrow is going to be even better 
i swear if my head wasn't attached i would lose it!!!  lmao
"baked fired chicken anyone   omg it smells so good in my house   baking this weekend i cant wait apples pies, and harvest loaf i love the smell of cinnamon and cloves!!!  now lets see if hannie eats the top off the pie again   lol  so cute "
football sunday!!!  yay!!  cant wait for the games today   go hawks!!!
off to therapy for my leg again this morning   have that stupid cold that doesnt want to go away   i am tired of being sick   hope today is better than the last week   i really want to better before my birthday 
"pasta, wine, birthday cake and my family   sounds like the perfect night to me!!!!!!!!"
finally starting to get better thank god i have been drinking oj like its going out of style   hope all have a good day 
had a nice birthday dinner   hope this week is a good one   hugs  smile 
"waiting for <propfemale>'s x-rays to come in for her foot hoping all is well and she is home with the flu   i am trying to stop smoking, doesnt help when i want one real  bad "
i would be lost without kats in the morning   lol  i love my rock!!!  good tunes this morning guys 
i really want to be on strike all week   being a housewife is over-rated and underpaid   so off to do house work and then appts  this afternoon 
i hate nights i cant sleep this sucks so bad 
it been a long day 3 hours of sleep still have to make dinner and <propfemale> isnt listening what else is new    
when it rains it pours    
"omg!!!  cortisone shots in my knee and ankle 3 in all   this sucks for halloween weekend   so much for going out dancing, lmao!!!  pumpkin craving, dinner @ the corn maze, and then a hay ride!!!   that will be fun with <propfemale>   smile "
well shot injection sights still sore   cant even drive yet this really sucks   off to go trick or treating early tonight   hope hall have a safe and happy halloween!!!   smile 
hit the trunk or treats with the family!  had a great time   i am so excited about the holidays!!  my house is going to smell like a bakery for the next 2 months!!!  yummy smile ~
"showered, make=up and dressed before 5 am   i couldnt sleep at all   i am so tired this morning   hope that i make it through the day    smile "
so much to do today and not enough time to do it in!!!  doesnt it always seem that way now      smile 
what is wrong with me now i am having bad dreams   i am so tired today!!!
i am so glad today is almost over   my bed is calling me   
"got house cleaning and laundry done yesterday   thank god!  smile  have had a good morning with family, breakfast at <propfirst>'s and have a party to go to at 3 wow busy day   but relaxing!!   smile "
had so much fun at the party!!  jaidyn gave me a frosting kiss with red frosting all over her lips it was so cute   hope all have a goodnight   i am so tired now  smile 
"well was going to go to church this morning but went to bed with a fever of 102 5 and woke up with one too   lightheaded, dizzy and have a headache from   i hate being sick!"
what about them hawks   omg they are getting their butts handed to them!!!
hope tomorrow i am feeling   i am tired of being dizzy   lol
still dizzy and have a fever but feeling a lil better   hoping i can get some sleep today   just laying around if anyone calls i have time to talk omg crazy 
"time to bake some more apple pies yummy!!! roast, baby carrots, and potatoes anyone   i love cooking in my crockpot!"
now hannie has a cold   i hate the sickness that comes with winter 
bring on the snow!!
nice to know that us ta playful ayers are paying for obama to go back home and visit indonesia   wait a minute i thought hawaii was his home   wow he really knows how to waste our money!!!!!
no snow oh well it's coming soon   hope today gets better   try to tell someone how you feel and he mixes up all the words that come out of my mouth    
"thank you to all men, women, and veterns for your service to our country it very much appreciated!!!!  thank you dad i love you!!!!"
so i home for the day have to clean ugh   and do laundry   this sucks   can't anyone else do it!!!!
house is clean thank god!!!  doing laundry and watching movies with the family   that sounds like a good day smile 
migrain    omg i wish it would go away already!!!!
migrain    omg i wish it woulod go way already!!!!
dust devils omg!!!
wow that is some wind outside!!!  we have had at least 7 dust devils and our roof is starting to blow off omg!!!  i am glad we live in apartments and not our own house that would never happen   
can anyone tell me what it is with men and their gaming consoles   i sware we need to be turned in to one to get a little attention   lol
i am tired of having a stupid cold   this so sucks!!!
laundry again are you serious!!!!
hoping to accomplish something today   what that is i don't know yet!!!  lol
i love it when he tells me how beautiful i am   but i am a pain in the ass too!!!  lol
up at 5 smile 0am omg that was early   got the house clean and dinner start   spent part of the day at white pass it is gorgeous up there   can't wait to go back and play again!
getting ready to make apple pie and finish my dinner 
hawks play at 10am i don't think that they are going to win but i hope they do   elf is on tonight i can't wait that is one of my favs!!
really need a tv guide for the games   this blows!!! what time is the game on anyone   
well i should have just gone to nfl com to begin with duh <propfemale>!!!  lol
it finally snowing and sticking yay!!!  snowballs!!!!!!!!!!!!  i am so excited!!!
is crazy outside with all the snow and wind!!!!!!
off to bake 4 apple pies and 2 pumpkin   hannie gets to make the banana cream pie this year and <propmale> is making his famous homemade <propmale> and cheese   wow we have a busy day ahead of us   atleast i dont have to cook dinner 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!  have a safe and fun holiday!!  remember to have a dd no drinking and driving!!!! hugs
"#menarelike chocolate bars  sweet, smooth, and they usually head right for your hips "
gettin ready to play some scrabble with my daughter that is her favorite game   i am so glad she into learning new words   she is so smart smile 
almost ready for my day   it is so cold outside but i guess here we go   i hope there isn't too many dumbasses on the road! smile 
wow still snowing and it isn't even winter yet   i don't think we have seen anything yet   lol smile 
my baby will be 9 yrs  old tomorrow   how fast they grow i tell ya!!!  smile   i am so excited about her party!!!
"i work 24 hours a day  why? because i'm a mommy  i am a cook, a cleaner, a \parent, teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, handyman, a maid, security, and a comforter  don't get holidays, sick pay, or a day off  i work through the day and some of the night i am on call at all hours  now tell me your job is harder than mine  repost if you are blessed enough to be a mommy!!!"
<propfemale> had a great time today with her birthday   sent her pic into kndo she was so surprised to see her face on tv   her party was cute and fun i love her class   party next week!!! yay smile 
omg i have a raging sinus infection and wish it would go away already!!  my head is going to e playful lode and i am dizzy as hell   well one good thing i can feel drunk on a friday night without all the alcohol and bs that comes with it 
today is our 9 yr  anniversery!  wow it doesnt seem like that long   amazing!!!
so excited about the parade of lights and christmas tree lighting tonight   hot cocoa and <propfemale> claus oh what fun!!!!!! smile 
so as you all know i sent <propfemale>'s pic in to kndo for birthdays and she won a dairy <propfemale> ice cream cake that is so cool but she still wants my bff's carrot cake for her birthday party how cool is that smile 
why?!? that's all i want to know is why?!?
<propfemale>'s christmas program is tonight   i am so excited to go and see it!!!
wrote a proposal to the governor hope she reads it   wish me luck!!!!
i cant believe half the school year is almost over!  where did the time go   
"want to wish all my friends and family peace in your homes, grace in your hearts and happiness to you and your family this christmas season  and my we all remember the true spirit of this wonderful christmas season christ our <propmale>! my you be blessed with many great fortunes in the year to come! hugs smile "
spending the night in bed with my two favorite people watching movies and staying warm!!!  what a good night smile 
i hate nights that i toss and turn   i am so tired now 
i am finally done decorating omg i didnt think that was going to happen   and as for <propmale> getting off his ps3 so i could i said ou dont like me in your way then help so i get done faster!  lol  i am so glad the holidays are almost over 
is it bed time yet   
"decorated, made out my christmas cards, <propfemale> wrote her letter to <propfemale>, and went shopping for some presents today they are at a friends so she doesnt look for them   finishing shopping wednesday i am so excited   i cant wait to see the look on her face christmas morning!!!  priceless"
i have
i have a stupid computer!!!!!
"wow, i am actually getting him to watch a romantic-comedy with me has hell froze over   lmao"
going to finish my christmas shopping today!!  i am so glad this season is almost over   it has been crazy!!  smile 
i am done shopping and have all but 2 presents wrapped  i am so going to be prepared for next christmas   what am i saying i am never prepared!! lol smile  <propfemale> christmas!
<propfemale> christmas!!!
i love christmas!!!  got all my shopping done yay!!  and got to open my present early only cuz he couldnt wait to see what game i got him!!   smile 
i hope everyone had a wonderful christmas and got what they wanted!!!  i know i did!!!   smile 
happy new year!!!  hope all have a safe and wonderful night!!!
i am exhautsted tonight!
i am so happy the hawks won go seattle!!!!
they changed the zodiac are you serious    it wasn't broke to begin with now y'all just messing with our heads!!!
watching football!!!  can't wait for the hawks to play!!!  go seattle!!!!
touchdown gb baby hell ya
we need the falcons knocked out!!!!!
touchdown!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
touchdown again!!!!!!!!
"green bay won baby!!!  hell yeah!!!!  now it\s seattle's turn and we are going to kick ass!!!!!!!!"""
omg we need some screamin goin on!!!!!!!  go hawks!!!!!!!!!!!
wish i could actually have one night of good sleep   
getting ready to go feed the birds with the family then time to go shopping   nice relaxing day!!
cant wait for the game in the morning go packers!!!
i cant wait for the super bowl!!!  i am so excited!
omg i have to have knee surgery   but hopefully this will make all the pain go away and i can drive again 
was hoping this afternoon was going to be easy with <propfemale>   she got in trouble for talking back so i am making her write sentences   she should know the 10 commandments well when she gets older   she is really going to hate when her punishment is reading books of the bible 
my aunt <propfemale> passed away this morning   so my name <propfemale> has so much more meaning now in my life and i hope that i can live up to her e playful ectations and one day be the woman she has always wanted me to be   i will miss you dearly   i love you aunt <propfemale> and hope that you will watch over me as i grow and <propfemale> on this strong name that was given to me from the strongest woman i have known in my life 
so i have tickets to ozzy and now unfortunately can not go   so if anyone out there is looking for a pair let me know   love you all my friends and family   hugs~muah
today has been an emotional day   there are so many things that i wish i could have done but i can't go back on it now   what's done is done   
surgery in two days   
