c3b4f74f03ec8cb5ac99565e42242eeb
wants to go golfing again!  i have only gone 4 times but i absolutely love it!
i agree with sen  <propmale> <propmale>'s stance on an issue for once!
i'm excited for the byu v florida state game today   go cougars!
i am going to have to get used to the color pink 
why do you think the white house has declared war on the fox news channel?
history has shown us that once a freedom has been surrendered few things short of bloodshed may restore it!
"   governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government   --declaration of independence 1776"
"i'm no fan of sen <propmale> <propmale>, but i wish washington and the media would stop trying to make him out to be some sort of racist   his comments were foolish, but not malicious "
"i learned a long time ago that not everybody in this world is going to like me, and i am perfectly fine with that "
"i don't mean to brag, but i make some mean raspberry lemonade "
"i am sick and tired of hearing professors in school compare u s  soldiers in the revolutionary war to terrorists   this infuriates me!  i have seen terrorism with my own eyes, and there is no comparison   none!"
holding my precious <propfemale>   she's almost asleep 
"its celebrity look alike week!! change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like  if you have more than one, change it every day, until saturday! let's see if we can all still recognize each other! re-post this on your status, and see our celebrity look alikes "
"its celebrity look alike week!! change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like  if you have more than one, change it every day, until saturday! let's see if we can all still recognize each other! re-post this on your status, and see our celebrity look alikes "
"it's not looking good for my lakers tonight   kobe and bynum are out, and the jazz are playing their best basketball all year "
i need to put some pictures of my little <propfemale> on here 
let's go lakers!!!!!!!
i am getting my butt kicked in my spanish course  trying to learn a new language is one of the hardest things i have ever done 
i think i am missing the social networking <propfirst>   i really stink at facebook 
