59cfdb00dbe55ccf177ee6645d4fb888
loves air conditioning   and my boyfriend 
is hoping mom gets here soon with the chicken e playful ress!
i got into hawaii!!!!!!!
enjoying the air conditioning in <propfemale>'s house    sad about jacko and <propfemale> though
doesn't have to worry about housing in hawaii anymore!  yay!
its rainy   i'm sleepy 
watchin the history channel 
"just hanging out, hoping one of the million places i've applied to this summer sticks   please, someone, hire me!"
had an interview today and it went great!!! can't wait for the call back next week!
is pretty bummed and pretty bored
has the bestest <propfemale> ever!!
really needs a job
so being single sucks   but i get to go to the zoo wednesday   yay zoo!
fingers crossed that someone declines iowa's offer so i can get one  please please please please please 
what kind of sick people leave their house and take every bottle of tylenol with them? stupid migraine 
bored bored bored
it is super humid
yay   more rain  so much for a <propfemale> weekend 
yay it stopped raining!
so i didn't get into iowa  looks i'm stuck here for another f***ing year  why can't i catch a break?
ok so here's the plan  step one: get a job  step two: go shopping 
gonna be up till three watchin avatar  sweetness
i really really really need a job  like really  or i'm gonna have to join the military for the money  i hate the military 
yay i have an interview tomorrow!
wish me luck everyone  i really hope i get this job 
yay! interview at the library on monday!
kentucky derby!
how many mexicans does it take to put on a fake doorknob?
we just looked at the most adorable house i've ever seen  i want it 
man i love baking
its a little warm today
why oh why can't this day just work?
happy mother's day!!!!
driving range  yeah i suck but who cares?
caddied nine holes for captain shank  stopped keeping score after the third hole  good times 
its gonna be a good day everybody!
ok  rain or don't rain  pick one 
start work thursday  yay!
i have a feeling i am gonna love my job!
it totally feels like its 8 smile 0
i hate hate hate my neighbors!
off to work
have i mentioned that i love my job?
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!! i'll be at fundady's tonight if anyone wants to buy me a birthday drink!
i had a grrrreat birthday!
yay kiddie pool! for the dogs of course 
yay new flip flops!!
yay i get to go to the lake tomorrow!
"man, work is slow today   but i don't have to work tomorrow  yay!!"
aaahh air conditioning
stupid cold  who gets a cold in the summer?
yay haircut!
work work work
"stop me if i'm wrong, but shouldn't getting your teeth cleaned make your mouth feel better as opposed to making it feel like you just got punched?"
at the drive in to see toy story 3  and eclipse  but only to see <propfirst> lautner with his shirt off 
"yeah, <propfirst> lautner shirtless  awesome "
ok so it is really humid
aw yeah got off early
i hate bugs!
how dumb is it that the illegals next door have power but the storm knocked mine out?
it is way too humid
woohoo i went grocery shopping at walmart and spent less than 100 bucks 
can i get a ride to hell? its probably cooler there 
movin movin movin
i am so sick of moving
man am i tired
yay numbness
outside for ten minutes  twenty mosquito bites 
it is so nice outside!
yay three day weekend!
ok so i can't even get all the okc tv channels but now i'm getting tulsa  how is that even possible?
stupid chinese restaurant won't answer their stupid phone so i have to walk up there to order my stupid food then stand around like i'm stupid 
i'm thinking of coloring my hair   can't decide on a color though   suggestions?
my cat is an idiot
i have to get my wisdom teeth pulled the week before thanksgiving  bring on the mashed potatoes!
mmm   fried onion burger
is it really that difficult to make an order exactly like listed on the menu?
time to go get cute for the concert 
<propfirst> got <propfemale> drunk
<propmale> potter marathon! we're nerds!
yay pay raise! a whole $0 18 more per hour!
is freakin freezing!
got tickets for <propmale> potter!
<propmale> potter was so good!
i hate winter
on december 8 i will be joining the twenty first century  hopefully 
yay <propfemale> festival tomorrow!
i'm updating my facebook from my computer   on my couch! yay i have internet!
ha my act is high on cheese
yay i almost have all my shopping done!
its so nice not to need a heater on
just took a chunk out of my own finger  yay me
so glad i don't have to go to work today
so glad i don't have to go to work
so sick of being cold 
yay shopping!
someone please save me from the boredom!!!
yay new glasses!!!  and first new pic in forever!!
yay thursday!  only one day until the weekend!
so tired of getting hit on by homeless guys who can't read a clock 
where did spring go?
hehe    kansas lost
watching <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world   quite possibly the dumbest movie ever   turning it off 
