6e1284af78f7feac3a2caa5daa9afe4d
has a beard named <propfirst>  your argument is irrelevant  
"remembers a few things that seemed like such good ideas at the time, but   "
thunder and lightning and rain  who could ask for a better night?
"is chillin' at jafax, showing anime for the cool peeps "
"jafax went well, glad to have been of service to my fellow con-goers "
anybody have good carpentry skills? i need assistance with a project of mine 
"is heading to the beach with his homies today  not sure what time, but by golly he'll be down there "
knows exactly what's wrong with is body now  but the doctors have no idea what causes it 
isn't sure where his head is at these days  he seems to have lost it again 
needs a cuddle 
just can't seem to remember 
cut his hair yesterday
is full of meh 
"tomorrow's my birthday, an' i'm feelin' alright "
"thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday  chillin' on vacation, see y'all when i get back "
"i'm home, everybody "
tired    bored   
"getting ready for finalhaven  midnight, hurry up!"
"hey, everyone who was at winterhaven! if you wre around nick dani or amanda dizzy, you might wanna watch your health for a bit "
blargh  feeling sick and bored out of my skull
just wondering where everybody went lately 
fuck charter communications 
<propmale>'s brain is fried  call back later 
pooper scooper and ketchup chunks 
"seriously, if someone's gonna be a parent, they need to stop acting like a child  any parents out there, please, be responsible "
"did anyone hear of anything actually happening with the tsunami? not just in hawaii, i mean like, anywhere?"
everyone  go outside  today is beautiful!
dammit  hard decisions are hard 
boredom  i has it 
turtle power 
awake far before my time    blargh 
so    tired   
i hate the secretary of state 
ergh    so much for an awesome day 
ugh  up far too early for the time i went to bed 
"please put this on your status if you know, or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this   do it "
"boom, headshot "
"*fizzle* \hammer-tech?\"" \""yeah   \"""""
a fantastic weekend followed by a night of rest 
passed my road test today  gonna be legal! eff yeah!
"going out to the serenity larp, here's hoping i don't die "
life is good 
"first day of the new job  it's cool, but damn am i tired "
"screw the social security system   they are awful bastards and apparently if you want their help you either have to fully depend on them, or you owe them money "
can't wait for thursday 
just one of those nights   
today was fantastic  i wish i didn't have to go home so often   
"this is the best day i have had in years  life is hard, but damn if it didn't just get better  i have something now that i haven't felt in a very long time: hope "
you know those days where you just want to kick something small and cute?
"my phone is no longer of use  no more texts, calls, etc  to my cell until i get a new one  can't say i'll miss this thing  i'll let people know when i get the new number  toodles, or something "
"gah, home sick from work  everyone, stay away! plague! plaaaaaaaague! [i have a bad cold > >]"
"well, i just got fucked over  won't be moving out in time  thanks, <propmale> "
"nevermind that last one, alls well  miscommunication was all "
i owns me a truck  woo!
"anyone who was previously chatting with me, i apologize, fb is being dumb  message me if you like "
chillin' on night watch for the ren fair  come down tomorrow to gvsu  watch us do stuff 
"blah    so bored  put a part in the polisher, repeat  repeat  repeat "
"rain, lightning, thunder and    sunshine? gotta love michigan "
"rain, lightning, thunder and    sunshine? gotta love michigan "
"fml    why can't it be 4 o'clock yet? someone cast haste on the clock, would ya?"
off to the junkyard  woohoo -_-
eff this truck 
ugh    so    tired   
dammit  45 minutes before work gets out and i get driven to the medi-center
"winter haven: holy crap, what and event  thanks everyone, for really giving me a good time "
just officially got his very own apartment  so excited!
"so, the transformer outside the shop damn near blew up  fun stuff "
"first night in the new apartment  somebody, come <propfemale> with me!"
finally got some good sleep 
this weekend better turn out much more pleasant than it's prologue 
what an event    so much fun  so little sleeeeeep 
"are ya kiddin'? i just got spam from kanar    larpers, does this happen to you?"
"holy crap, got my futon  comfiest couch ever "
argh  bad day is bad 
it is quickly and steadily becoming one of those days -_-;
thank god for good friends 
"thanks <propmale>, <propfirst> and mikey for hanging out tonight  i really needed a night with the guys "
"so yeah    bored as hell and lonely  someone text, call, or just show up at my door "
"off to rennie thanksgiving, then <propfemale> wars rp  *is excited*"
<propfemale> wars saga edition: pretty darn fun 
"here lies everything    the world i wanted at my feet, my victory's complete    so hail to the <propmale> "
"argh, you bastards    stop endangering yourselves! i like my friends better when they're not broken  effin' stoppit "
"good food, good family, good times  happy thanksgiving, all!"
i miss my high school friends  i never hear from you people anymore 
fml
mmm    chemicals   
argh    sore  need sleep  want cuddles 
"walk half an hour through the cold to work, just to find myself sweeping the entire shop today  eff my day "
"chillin' at the gvsu library, back towards the cafe  rennies, random friends, feel free to drop by and bug me  should be here at bit longer "
"well, first mercs event went off without a hitch, had a blast out there and can't wait to get into some armor "
"100 degree fever, vomiting, diarrhea, and muscle pain beyond anything i have felt before  fuck yeah "
grargh    still sick to my stomach    when does it end?!
shouldn't let kat steal his phone 
so damn bored    need 4 surprise 0 to happen sooner  for a multitude of reasons 
the opposite of war isn't peace    it's creation! - rent 
hmmm    perhaps i should invest in a cd player stereo for work    my corner of the shop has no music on at all today  anyone have an old cd player they'd be willing to part with for a few dollars?
"i think that waiting for paychecks and the end of the work week actually slows down the passage of time  care to confirm, folks?"
gonna be an interesting day 
"well, glad to be home  ready to get my nightly five hours, and off to work again "
"i was just reading a bunch of status updates on here, and i realized something  a lot of the people i know are incredible pessimists who really need to take a breath of fresh air  someone give me something to smile about, eh?"
i have realized that i am a sucker for backstory and plot in general 
this day is quickly proving to be 'one of those mondays '
"got home from the winter 1-day final haven  tired as hell, but had a blast  thanks everyone for good fun and good company!"
"i think this day is absolutely cursed  if i could, i would end it immediately and move on to tomorrow "
"wow  whole shop scheduled for 10 hours ot fri  don't let anyone fool you, the economy is on the upswing "
a good day 
"sleepy  need a nap  and after that, some rp, maybe  feeling starved of it "
"so, people  what is your take in this jerusalem 'ufo'"
"ahem  so, people  what is your take on this jerusalem 'ufo', and do you think it could be related to the strange deaths of large groups of fish and birds recently  feel free to debate intelligently "
gonna be a good day 
i really hate it when i have a good idea and people refuse to see any upsides to it because it's not what they want to do 
"i may, in fact, be a robot "
red one: standing by 
my day would be infinitely better if it were 4 surprise 0 already and i had more parts done 
"so    bored  somebody, give me something interesting to think about "
where is prickett's in muskegon?
"strait jacket: awesome band  look em up, folks  you might even friend them here on facebook "
