e6c9e54a6fae5e0a226650fe58174ef3
tonight's going to be a good night!!
getting ready for school!!! 12-2:50
ready for a weeks ahead of school!!!
love my modern dance class!!! it was sooo much fun!!!! dance is my anti-drug
"work in 2 hrs, n then after 11, let the weekend begin!"
"one more hour befor my modern dance class, then off to the place i call home @ 8:15"
great i have the hiccups!!!!!
hiccups over! thanks oscar!lol
goodnite world! class in the am 
"yay! cowboys won, any ideas to what i should do on my b-day?"
"remember all the things we wanted now all our memories, they're haunted we were always meant to say goodbye  even with our fists held high it never would have work out right, yeah we were never meant for do or die  i didn't want us to burn out  i didn't come here to hurt you,and now i can't stop "
"algebra test today!!! i better pass, then out to seton hall with the biffle!"
"in seton hall, bout to grab somthing to eat "
hoping that today gets better b4 it ends!!!!! thanks to every one who sent me b-day comments  realy appreciate it  smile 
"there now, steady love, so few come and don't go will you won't you, be the one i always know  when i'm losing my control, the city spins around you're the only one who knows, you slow it down it's always have and never hold you've begun to feel like home what's mine is yours to leave or take what's mine is yours to make your own "
omg in so much freaken pain!!!  sad  just got all 4 wisdon teeth taken out 
"baking cookies, have a sudden sweet tooth for my none existing teeth!lol"
wating for the biffle to get out of class!!!
"had a realy good day today, aside from not have class, had fun with <propfemale>, <propfemale> and chuckles, then with <propfemale> moypa, <propfirst>, <propmale> and di<propfemale> "
listening to get you home by shawzye ft  cisco  good song 
boredom is taking over  bout to watch the hills!!!!
"<propfemale> beautiful <propfemale> !runns rapidly around the house singing to soulful flowery chimmes!the story ends sadly cause <propfemale> suffocated her self in her granmas house in a black tootoo!!! excerise in moderna dance, make a group story!  but every person can only say one word  this is how our story came out  we then acted it out  very funny to act out "
at the laundry <propmale>!!
so happy surprise ) watching so you think you can dance!!!!
in <propfemale> till monday!!!
finally back home from <propfemale>   woke up @ 4 to take the bus @ 5am  took forever to get to nyc so much traffic  got there @ 9am 
writers block to the <propmale>! i have the easiest topic to write about and i cant think of shhhh 
home sweet home!! work 2mm  
"if i could just  take u away pretend that i was clear what would u say,would u think i was realy every1 thinks they got the way i should feel everyones talking about how i cant be in love,but i want,want 2b in love for real everything is falling and im included u have no idea how i just want 2b fine  (<propfemale> your love)"
"when u know deep down inside u cant provide for me  what u no won't change the way i feel for u at the end of day and all i want is what you got, but i tell u that i want to go when i want to stay i want to stay i want to stay,but i no im going to loss myself this way  (all i want)"
work at 5 smile 0      
time for winter break!!! passed all finals !
marry x-mas to all    goodnight!!  smile 
new yrs!!!
what to do tonight?  wink 
time for laundry!!! does any one want to give me a hand???
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1 crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4 sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7 moody   8: p*$$y pumper   9: spoiled   10: mouthy  11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit  15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best
"had a nice mile in a half jog, ballet for 2hours, then stuffed my face     and hiphop 2mm!!!!!  smile "
"highlight of my day sitting in <propfirst> park  with <propfemale> and catching amaury walking outside of his house with guy singing \im just a fool in love with you!!!!\""  smile """
watching the <propfemale> globes with <propfemale>
"super tired in class from 9am-7pm    down fall i spent 340 on books, hightlight i love my ec1 and psychology professors"
about to fall asleep in journalism class!!!!  doesnt help that im in sweats and its very warm in the room  so bored!!!!!
"im <propmale> from where you are  i lay down on the cold ground i, i pray that somthing picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms  i wish things were not like this, but everything happens for a reason   "
"love snow days!!!! no school  went sledding listening to music, cooking and cleaning"
im in my journalism class and im very hungry      can go for a bagel with cream chesse and strawberry jelly   smile 
were  all murderers          cause we kill time!!!  smile 
"finaly got my car registered, tried playing ball, went to dance class and end the night with some babysitting      "
had the worst day yesterday!!!! my car didnt want to start at njcu around 10:50am     peoplekept driving passed me and soaked me    the janitors from school yelled at me for using the handdryer to dry my coat   waitied at the dinner till 3 smile 0 to get a tow truck      crazy day  super soar for shovling for 3hrs       now hw     
stressed out       cant waite till may!!!!!!
off to nyc to rehears with <propfemale> rodriguez from 10-12     this is going to be crazyy    surprise )
its a beautiful day  to bad i have homework
"life in itself it truly crazy when you least e playful ect it, it takes all sort of twist and turns in your life      smile  time for work"
cant wait to start swimming again   
on my way to the bodies exibite in nyc with <propfemale>       
"i feel like doing the following: swim, play soft and dance (in my panties)lol    kidding of the underwear part       instead i have to clean my room, do sum laundry, h w and then go to work!!!!!!"
"here at njcu in jordans room chiling out its a full house here, waiting for 4 smile 0 to go to my psychology"
<propmale> twist was realy good  im <propfemale> proud of everyone  had a realy good time at blue mirror tonite 
"as of now my summer is consisting of bamboozle, <propmale> mathews band and ecuador  smile "
i wish i was like <propfirst> cullen in the sence that i could have superpowers and read certain peoples minds        smile      it would be so much eaisier instead of constantly wondering why they act a certain way    
in psychology class     waiting to get out of here to enjoy my weekend  
in class with a fever and sore throat  im sucking it up!!! need to get that good gpa    
day of 3 fever  i feel worst  at least i did all i had to do for class  now laying down eating soup about to watch vampire diaries      
i feel and look like crap      grrrr
i hate it when these applications act like your the one sending things to people 
"i dont get it, its ok for you to do it to them, but then its wrong for them to do what you did to them and hurt you     ppl are hypocrits     "
with anaanaanaanaanaanaanabannana       
when it rains it pours!!!!
"people come and go, but its the  ones that sick around that are worth it!!! thats what i am biffsss, i may not pick up my phone, be sleeping, might be too busy to come around or call  but i keep you guys in my thoughts and when im finally free your the first ones that i call!!!!  surprise )"
im bored!!!! lol
"can i , can i, \save u from u, \cause u know theres something missin \and that champagne youve been sippin is not suppose to make u different over time\\its starting to feel like the wrong thing to do \cause with all that recognition it gets hard for u2 listen 2 the things that ima say 2 make u mine\but live and have some fun well b fine, \trying 2 convince myself i found 1 \making a mistake i never learn from"
never piss of a cuban mother!!!!!
i dont have to try to be the center of attention to get attention!  smile 
im car less today and its raining!!!! so much for going to ikea!!!
i just want to dance!!!!!! left dance class with the sudden urge of beat boying!!!
i love brendaliz veras  love 
"if people like to play games in life, then why not play a sport!!! its there for a reason  smile "
i wish i was at the beach right now!!! happy b-day to my mommy!!!
finally upgrading to a better phone!!!! curve comming in on wednesday!! submitted to the world of blackberry!
i wish i was at the beach!!!!!!
"good things come to those who waite!  love     i just realy hope that you think of me, cause im trying to be unforgetable  smile "
"dès <propmale> premières lueurs\oh je sombre\\il me parait bien loin l'été"
the only reason i only ever come home is to be with my baby angel  if it wasnt for her i would have left a while ago!!!!!
mejor sola que mal acompañada  annoyed   were looking for all the wrong reasons and in the wrong people when in reality it's each other that we should be looking at!!!  smile 
wow! disowned and kicked out all in within a hour time span!!! keep calm and focused!!
singing up the blues in the shower!!!!!
"work! till 4, then loft party from 11 to 5!"
not in the mood for work     just want to watch spain v s portugal
<propmale> mathews 2mm
<propmale> mathews concert was amazing   good first time concert
"happy 4th of july, to every one  unfortunatly i'm work along with the whole charritos staff  "
"pool, 3mile bike ride  and rented movies     best friday of the summer so far! let's see how it goes tonight!"
party time with the crew
just got home     
finaly out from work
out from work
"musics up \listen hot stuff \i'm in love \with this song \so just hush \baby shut up \heard enough \stop t-t-talkin' that \\blah blah blah \think you'll be getting this \nah nah nah \not in the back of my \car-ar-ar \if you keep talking that \blah blah blah blah blah"
true blood!!!  smile 
"people need to mind there buisness when it comes to my life, you dont know me at all and its not high school anymore    love "
"i think i might’ve inhale you \i could feel you behind my eyes \you gotten into my bloodstream \i could feel you floating in me \words can relay nice \they can cut you open \and the silence surrounds you \and hunts you the spaces in between \two minds and all the places they have been \the spaces in between \i tried to put my finger on it"
finaly on the bus to nc!! i have a long trip ahead of me!
"heading to the house, let's see what's in store for 2mm  rain go away"
pregame!
"newark block party, then party!!  smile "
"think of me when youre out, when youre out there\ill beg u nice from my knees\when the world treats u way 2 fairly\it's a shame im a dream\i think ill pace my apartment a few times\and fall asleep on the couch\and wake up early 2 black and white reruns\that escaped from the mouth\i could follow u to the beginning\and just relive the start\and maybe then well remember to slow down\to all of our favorite parts-paramore"
"the past is a mystery because who knows what could have happened, but the future anything can happen"
pacha time  smile 
beach time!!
"saw step up 3, now pumped to dance!next stop wild bull with the dance partner <propfirst> <propfirst>  smile "
i have to find another way to dance!! have to make it to the top!!  smile 
"when great une playful ected things happen in your life, <propfemale> it and appreciate it as much as possible cause you never know if it'll be there the next day   as of now i no im sticking to this for a while    hopefully it sticks to me too!!!  smile "
have bday dinner with mommy!eating lobster rotini and  sangria!!  smile 
"birthday officially over, can't belive i'm 20, thanks for eveyone who sent me bday comments and wishes  goodnight and god bless  smile "
my brain is starting to hurt from sooo much reading   ayy
watching south of nowhere and doing homework
work 4-12!!!
finished cleaning!  smile  now entourage and h w
"couple stairs\couple text\couple dates\couple i think that we’re readys\couple i think that we should we waits\are we acting like a couple,\i’m just trying to get it straight cause\i’m over here convinced that it’s too early for mistakes -drake"
"about me leaving ballet and thinking that i was in my car getting ready to leave, and then i realized that i was in the wrong car that looked exactly like mine and my actuall car was across the street   lmfao    that would of sucked if the owner of the car saw me in his or hers and think that i was trying to steal it  smh"
smh!! funny how things go from good to bad within a few minutes   people need to stay out of my business again its a shame you have nothing else better to do then  to plot out ways on how  to make my life hard   i'm not going to flip because kama is a b***c and what goes around  comes around   can't  bring me down no matter what ill repair what ever damage was made!!
"tea, chicken soup and veggies, bread bananna, a nice bed and watching the last song to make me feel better!! hopfully ill break my fever in a few  smile "
"ok, so why is it that all of the sudden, every guy is using the word goon?? lol   inform me"
sometimes only tears can truly e playful ress what you feel and a mere thought is enough to make you smile making room for hope that everything might get better  by: brendaliz veras
i  love  my cookie!!! brendaliz veras
no school for me today  annoyed  doctor time   need to get ride of these bad germies!!! or  maybe i should just take my tonsils out
who knew that doing a mid term could be <propfemale> much funn  smile  doctor time let's see what i have  
"ok so continuation to <propfemale>'s question!!! curious on what ppl respond   how  would the world be if society never stressed on the term and the meaning of monogomy? should it be a choice?  would we be plygamous or would we actually try the whole monogomy theory because if seems like poeple like to do the oposite of things  would people actually consider marriage, or would open relationship be more popular?"
they say the hottest love has the coldest end  i tryed proving that statement wrong but i guess there right  sad 
"a girl like me walks with her head high, a girl like me should not pout   it is what it is and a girl like me should move on"
so my morning started off on a good note  smile  time for a long day at school!!
"in order to regain trust you have to built it back up by letting time take its course take it step by step day by day but time doesn't count if i don't show you, and i cannot show you if you don't let me"
omg the capas performance @ njcu was hot!! @ the meet the greeks with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile 
ughhh!!! i can't breath
i love how today i have a day off from work but i'm home being sick  annoyed 
"had a good night @ the movies with <propfirst> alicea! social network was a good movie  and had a good morning with my lil sis <propfemale> williams love  perfect bday weather for her   shoping was fun, now my wallet is on verge of bleeding  some hw and work later  need plans tonight  smile "
work time  smile 
hmm should i get oovoo? and if so why?
at my first recital! still have a long way to go
with the sisters  smile 
the worst idea in the world this morning was to ask my aunt for a ride to school!!! not only am i late but i'm not in a good mood now  this day better get better for me
feeling sauce  smile 
"lalala     i want to go back to sleep, but i have a little headache and i'm hungry"
new laptop    surprise ) paper time  how lovely
"hoboken it on this beautiful day with @ <propfemale> segovia moypa, <propmale> ect   then study time with my <propfemale>  smile "
at msu library doing hw with biff @ <propfemale> segovia drinking a <propfirst> late! hopfully i get most of my hw done!  smile 
at msu library doing hw with <propfemale> segovia drinking a <propfirst> late! hopfully i get most of my hw done!  smile  
pacha time  smile  time for some fun after a long day of studying last night and a long day @ work today  smile 
"yea   so much for pachas, oh well everything happens for a reason   my be its a good thing that i didn't waste my money"
very uneventful night!! smh
doing some hw before work at the casita of <propfirst> <propmale> aubin  smile 
"in the end, everyone wants a challenge  know one wants it easy! class time"
teaching my mom choreography  for her dance class is not an easy thing!!lol oh boy
"if you never try, you'll never know> love  time for some hw at the lib till 6, then vanilla <propfirst> late at the schools starbucks and lgbt studies 7-10!!!  smile "
its the littlest things that count the most  there the things that a person can do or happen that makes one smile or frown  laugh    adventure land with gibel vargas and his lil bro  who knows about the other bro  
"the place i once called home is not the sanctuary that i can come to and hid away from the wolrd when i need to  its a  battle that i walk into and wake up to to every day  its the place that i shriek and runaway from  finally made my decision if i dont get accepted to rutgers in january, im moving out!!!"
"granted i might leave people hanging from time to time, it happens to everyone but at least i make the initiative  to let them know that i cant make it instead of making them wait untill they take the hint!!"
im really not looking forward to work!! had fun dancing around with moms in the living room with baby powder on the floor my black sweat pants were white at the end!!
out from work early!! thank god  now homework time
i love <propfemale> sooo muchh  love 
"twisted this feeling walked out of shape \so tired of revealing the moves that i make\feeling inconstant could drive me insane\and i know, yes i know, but is this real?"
walking on this lovly night
finally home from work  smile 
surprisingly after working for 10 hrs i'm not tired!! i guess home work time  smile 
yay cowboys  smile 
i hate how i missed school so i can spend a whole day on hw but instead i fell asleep from 11 smile 0- 3 and i keep distracting myself with things that involve dance  and while trying to read i keep thinking of different choreograph  (big sigh)  i have a big obsession!!!!
biff time tonight   cant wait to go to seton hall to visit brendaliz veras  and then drive down to monmouth to party  wink 
finally got to long branch
<propfemale> back at the dorm with bif  smile 
i rather know and  be hurt from the truth than be mind f***ed and against the fence from the lies and silence   work till 11 then out to party
sex time!!! nyc sex museum with my lgbt class  smile 
on the road to nc!!
i just got told three different times  that i look 14yrs old  i don't think i'm ever going to look my age  smile 
"no one is perfect, but everone is perfectly imperfect  in <propfemale> three more hours to go!  smile "
happy thanks giving every one  enjoy and god bless  smile 
i'm sooo full    smh man <propfirst> <propmale> 
time for tangled 3d  smile 
<propfemale> día sin ti es como <propfemale> año sin lluvia
this girl will <propmale> u around for a while; but theres gonna b a day when she's gonna feel like it is not going anywhere btween the both & stop running in circles around u  shes gonna get over u & at da very moment ur going 2 wish u had let her catch u ur gonna realize that she was honest w  u & there for u  but u yes u were not honest with her 
life is what we make of it and a <propmale> is like a picture  it be nice if you could take it  drake  smile  be home by 8
so tired  that was a long ride!
i f <propmale> up!!! words cant describe how i feel!!!
i dont feel good   i feel horrible  why(sigh) smh  i need a chill pill  to relax me and to take this big migrane that has sprung upon me 
cant get addicted song by <propmale> iglesias out of my head  smh    
i feel like cutting my hair off to my shoulders
i should be a freaken detective    hahaha 
live for every moment because everyone dies but not every body lives
i feel like starting a dance group like step up to the streets  lol whos with me??  laugh 
"send you my love on a wire \lift you up, everytime, everyone, ooh, pulls away, ooh \from you\me and you\now that the truth is just a rule that you can bend \you crack the whip, shape-shift and trick, the past again\its a mechanical bull, at number one \you'll take a ride from anyone, everyone wants a ride, pulls away, oooh from you"
"pizza time    i dont wanna go out today, but i must to do laundry sigh  "
shut up and lick    playful 
(big sigh) i can't sleep  too much on my mind
"think i know what's on your mind a couple words, a great divide waiting in the wings, a small respite crowding up the foreground from behind \even though you're the only one i see it's the last catastrophe place your bets on <propmale> and apathy -slow life-"
ahh how i love dance!!!  love  ballet now party later!
that was a nice nap  smile 
i need a ride to ballet  annoyed  anyone  intrested!! lol
you know what really irks me? when either guy or girl say somthing but do another thing  actions speak louder than words   ppl should talk less and do more actions  smh on how ppl can hurt another person knowing how feeling are involved!!!! to many fake people in the world  can't trust anyone in the world but yourself and god!
"is single, and has decided due to the weather change that it's time to have a boyfriend to keep me warm   oh no wait i found my electric blanket - never mind   work from 7 to close  smile "
your sense of freedom is measured by how you live you life  if you just settle and live by other peoples means then you will always be a prisoner!
"obstacles are not there to make life hard  they are there to make you slow down and take a better look around you  thats whats going on between us, were trying to overcome a huge obstacle  i just hope we get through it together "
"aston final, library to do my 2papers  then real talk later "
"if i could i'd go on a kicking and punching \spree   every guy that's been an ass to a girl or guy would get kicked where the sun don't shine and every girl that's cheated and lied to a guy or girl would get decked in the face  smile    i really dislike the human race  love  lmfao"
 smile  just finished my last final    my winter break can officially begin
came into my life during the fall to just change like the leaves and fall off on me with cold  misconseptions  like the winter season
playing cards with franny wanny  smile    helping me take my mind off things
time for the post office then to buy my ballet point shoesies  smile  then <propfemale> out with <propfemale> <propfemale> hernandez     i need some enteratinment today is a new day and yesterday was yesterday
jup as if things couldn't get more awkward! 8 
i don't want to work today  annoyed   i'd rather stay in my nice warm bed  
"my original plans failed, so it looks like i'm going to pull off a sanit clo and hop from house to house, starting with my grammy  smile   love "
call of dutty with the pops!  smile  some father and daughter bonding 
randomess of the day licking anabels finger!!! lol
party over  smile 
but tonight i'm loving you  love   smile 
"taking my mother out to party!! plan of night, bring her back drunk  smile  hehe i love my <propfemale>  love "
black swan with the ladys!! need to get out 2days of hybernation is too much
"to be a <propfemale>, you must shine your own light, follow your own path, and don't worry about the darkness, for that is when the <propfemale>s shine brightest"
"new years <propfemale> is killed work 11 to 4, then 3 hour break  and end it off by going back to work from 7 to 2am!! what a drag"
yay my point shoes for balllet came in!!!
"haha my granny is <propfemale> cute   me \lala starbuck is on riveroad \""\",e6c9e54a6fae5e0a226650fe58174ef3,hmmm what to do today? any suggestions??
"ballet, bball at rutgers and then where ever the wind takes me later on  smile "
i guess the wind took me straight to my house!!smh im bored
oh joy time for work -_-
"i'm strong because i'm weak, beautiful because i know my flaws, a lover because i'm a fighter, truthful because i've lied,and i laugh because i've known sadness"
"live to satisfy , love without condition, laugh uncontrollably, dream wildly! pursue happiness with hope for a brighter tomorrow and never give up!  smile "
"next time someone says paper beats rock i will throw a rock at then and they can protect them selves with paper , then we will c who wins  smile "
warning! i speak fluent sarcasm  approach at your own risk 
bball time in newark with the boys  smile 
good life lounge with the girls and guys now jersey shore and locos  smile 
<propfirst>
work and then pachas with the ladies   hopefully this time it happens  smile 
so much for pachas   going straight home
"was cleaning the bathroom and it makes me wonder do boys close their eyes, spin around, jump up and down when they pee? there's no other e playful lanation!"
smh  a month later and someone moved on to the next pretty fast   guess it wasnt worth it  and a waste of time if your on to the next!!!!!
"burn the bridges that are behind you, close the doors to the past, and tear down the walls that are around you, or there is no way you can move forward "
three words to steal a girls heart- i love you three words to steal a guys heart- i play cod (call of duty)
i am not clumsy   the floor hates me and is trying to kill me!!!
"life is like a pen, when you make mistakes you can't erase them, but you can scratch out and start over "
"about to put on my jammies, hit up bed, place my hears to the sound of the pillow, walk into my dreams and jam out to dj drool before i run toward my dreams, tripped over reality and hit my head on the truth when i wake up!"
"all you can do is give your best, brace for the worst, and kick anyone who gets in your way square in the nuts!"
my <propfemale> rule is that i know everything about nothing and nothing about everything sorry i cant give you more information than that   
don't mistake my silence for weakness or ignorance   i am actually sitting back just watching your behavior and thinking   wow   really?
"livin 2completely different styles;1livin the world of insecurity &flashin lights of the night life & the other in the world of stress calming lowkey world when both worlds hit,they were the best of both acceptin flaws &all but with gravitys naturalforce,both worlds bumped back into orbital just a matter of time if they'll hit again or if they'll cross eachother like life intended it2 till then goodbye almost lover:i"
"when life hands you lemons    squirt the juice in peoples faces, then    run like hell!!!"
"life has a way of testing ones foundations, it stresses you to the point of collapse, and the outcome depends on the strength of your foundation"
"you maybe the player,but its my game!  wink "
oh my god i know i am short! just shut up you freakishly tall people!!!
"count each day as a new beginning, only look back on yesterday if there is something you can learn from to give you a brighter tomorrow; & don't dwell on it"
working @ room 84 tonight!
"i don't play hard to get  i am hard to get!! love  long day ahead  ballet, lunch work till 2am  "
i'm stronger than i appear to be don't mistake my kind hearted nature as me being a pushover cause if i had to i could knock a dude out
"love is great love is blind, outta box outta line!!  love  work 7-2 joy!!"
"never miss the opportunity to be with a very special person! they can change your life instantly for the better! take a <propmale>! live, laugh n love!"
seton hall to see the biff @ brendaliz veras
you can have my heart or we can share it like the last slice
"sweatpants, hair tied chilling with no makeup on that's when i'm the prettiest, i hope that you don't take it wrong   literally  laugh  don't have to impress any one but myself!!"
says- -dying is easy   life is whats hard    so live everyday to the fullest   cause tomorrow could be easier than you think   
"it’s so loud inside my head\with words that i should have said!\as i drown in my regrets\i can’t take back the words i never said"
never underestimate the ability of others' mistakes
newsflash: i wasn't placed in this world to please you! oh that hurt your feelings? who gives a $#!t!!!
is attempting to give a damn  wait for it  wait for it  attempt failed please come back later
never underestimate the ability of others' mistakes
"says, the walls around my heart are not here to keep people out, but to see who will strive hard enough and care enough to break through them "
"sometimes you have to \roll with the punches\"" other times you need to throw them!"""
"know what, cry me a river, build me a bridge, and jump off it because i'm too lazy to push you!"
remember when all we had to worry about was cooties and coloring inside the line? those were the day  smile 
"i am not a klutz! i, um    was just checking if gravity is still up and running    yeah that's it    and for the record, it still is"
"there is never a guarantee in life only opportunities  when you spend all of your time worrying, stressing fears, you miss out on greater things "
"besides hurting my knee, that was a good work out!!! def going to be sore tomorrow   now time for ballet"
guy friends- can't live without them  smile 
sorry   i don't have enough tokens to continue playing your games! game over!
its not the scars u can see on the girl that makes her who she is but the pain she keeps inside defines the greatness she will do
"the average person tells 4 lies a day, or 1460 a year a total of 88,000 by the age of 60 and the most common lie is: i'm fine "
warning! i sometimes start laughing for no reason  smile 
"yes, i'm <propfemale>, why do you think i'm short?"
what to do tonight? anyplans?
its a beautiful day in the neighborhood  laugh 
going home since i have no plans  
no plans bored and supper hungry!!!lol
obstacles are not there to make life hard  they are there to make you slow down and take a better look around you
id rather not be wanted at all if i am going to be wanted by all the wrong people for all the wrong reasons!!!
oh man so much for plans!!! bored
anyone good in accounting that would like to tutor me? desperate  
"i don't think it's loving that takes courage, it's loving after heartbreak  being able to give yourself to a person again after having all that trust shattered "
ain't it funny how a <propfemale> can bring back a memory take you to another place in time
"don't ever let anything come between you and your dreams, if you really want something, fight for it, don't let distance, pain, or negativity to hold you back"
everyone has two sides  one side that they show everyone and one side that only the privileged can see 
"better to take a risk, than miss a moment   "
