6d39768f4da57aa5d0100268e9d7f152
i molested myself last night  i said no but i knew i wanted it anyway 
why can't we just eat pizza all weekend long?   really   
having panic attacks!!!! ahhhh! i hate being nervous!!!!
flutterbys in my tummy   dammit!!!
i'm so excited!!! my baby is coming to stay with me this weekend!
damn tuesday          
3 to get ready
1 for the money    
just sitting here wishing i was somewhere else or he was
here's to another loooonnggg week    
yea!!! my kitchen is finally put back together!!!!!
this day is already b s!!! i just want to go back to bed    
"ok, my day just got better    "
so glad this damn week is over!!!
i'm gonna stay very busy this week     
"anytime i see something screech across the room and latch on someones neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, i have to laugh because what is that thing?!"
is gonna do my favorite thing tonight
can't believe i'm actually excited about monday  
curiousity killed the cat but satisfaction brought her back
seriously?!?! i hate the fact <propfemale> is somehow always right when it comes to me  she must be an alien!!!
la da di di da    
just like i like    
"the fountain of youth is not in florida, i'm thinking i have the fountain somewhere inside me     and to find it i have to get the hell out of here"
wishes she could sleep all day   
crowded elevators smell diferrent to midgets     
sex is not the answer  sex is the question  yes is the answer 
thinks you do things either out of inspiration or desperation  where are you at? i'm in inspiration mode  thank you <propmale> for reminding me   
"circus lights are shutting slowly down but still you're up in the air and loving your wings, my dear you play the clown, you're still  up in the air and loving your wings, what's gonna happen when you come down?"
"i only smile in the dark, my only comfort is the night gone black     "
"had a nightmare last night, hate those damn things  "
ahhhh!!!! i can't sleep!!! i just wanna sleep  damn!  it! to whatever!!!!
not happy!!! at all!!! in fact i'm very upset and the only thing that makes me feel a little better is this stupid facebook update  how pathetic  
ouch   
now i see why christians need believe in faith   ha!
nevermind! i'm having the most stressful week that i've had in 6 months  i'm to old to throw a fit  so now what? i just want a hug and for it be  o  k
relationships are a two way street  not a highway and a bike path   
"i know that in some bent w) your need for detachment fits my need for attachment, that's it "
*way
is impatiently waiting
is missing her friend 
dammit! can't sleep    why is it the older i become the more i get anxious  please no obvious answers  already know the ins and outs   
"the ropes are broke, there's no net    and i am just waiting to see what comes next   "
"busy, busy, busy week!"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
there was a little girl that had a little curl right in the middle of her forehead  when she was good she was very very good and when she was bad she was horrid 
damn it!!!!! where is <propfemale> when u need her?happy fuckin turkey day  thank ypu and goodnight  <propmale> has left the building
i'm sick  i feel like complete shit! i'm going back to bed
