03e95c6f59fcf92cb735f3d9550726e2
"r i p  <propfirst> sullivan \the rev\"" from avenged sevenfold and actress <propfemale> murphy sad """
"is so ready to get \the raven\"" fixed smile """
"going to see the movie \the crazies\"" hope it will be good smile """
"six flags, white water, wild aventures, busch gardens or disney world cant decide?"
my mom suffered a light stroke friday morning and is currently being hospitalized  hopefully she will get through this with no more problems  all prayers are certainly appreciated smile 
"for once in my lifetime i wish god would bless me with a good man with a good heart that really loves me for me  i dont care anything about looks, money, or material things or anything else that a lot of people these days look for just someone old fashioned that actually believes in marriage and doing right smile "
gotta doctors appt  tomorrow for a frequent skin infection ive been having  wish me luck smile 
got some antibiotics and some pain meds! hopefully i will recover soon from this crap smile 
la <propfemale> la la la la <propfemale> la la la la <propfemale> la
got sent home from work until i recover  i pray this will be over soon smile 
had fun with the sand <propmale> and making lanyard keychains smile 
made my own sub sandwich tonight and it was goood smile 
kickin back listening to <propfemale> in chains smile  what a pretty good night so far!
ahhhhhhccchhhhuuuuu smile 
is currently safe and secure in her own little world smile  goodnite everyone!
the next 2 days off yaaaaaayyyyyy smile 
why does it seem like time goes by soooo slow when ur workin but then when u get off work then it wants to fly by so fast! its like when u get off then in no time u gotta go back smile 
"is about 2 go get a shower, wash and brush my knee length hair and then go to bed 4 the night  goodnite everyone smile "
did u know that if u wipe ur computer monitor down (a regular monitor not a flat screen) down with water then u will have what looks like rainbow sprinkles on the screen until wiped dry- kind of cool smile 
i just dont know what 2 say right now  a lot goin on i guess sad 
please keep my older sister <propfemale> in your prayers! she found a lump in her breast that is growing really big and got a biopsy done yesterday 2 find out what is goin on  will know fri what it is  she is almost 37!
waitin on tomorrow 2 get here-melissa is going in 2 get a surgical biopsy done cause the needle biopsy didnt show anything due 2 them not getting enough cells or tissue 2 make a diagnoses-anyhow praying this will be benign and not malignant!
fri is the big day when we will finally know what is going on with melissa-thanks everyone for your prayers and concerns about this-will keep everyone posted as soon as i find out  we are hopin for the best and preparin for the worst!
is glad i finally found me a boyfriend smile 
"is really worried bout my sister <propfemale>, praying she is going to be alright sad "
my mommas gotta go back in the hospital- her hemoglobin level dropped way below normal and she has to be admitted again 
mom is back home right now after a blood transfusion at the hospital smile 
had fun in the swimming pool last night smile  my bf was a party pooper though-he doesnt like swimming much sad 
got 2 go get a supposedly abscess drained out of my armpit today sad  wish me luck smile 
needs a drink reeaally baaaaddd!
is blah smile 
"anyone know any \decent\"" guys that are not controlling and that dont play games let me know smile """
cant wait 2 move on and get my life 2gether smile  on top of that the snake in the house the other day really scared the s**t out of me!
whats up with douche bags anyway?
dont use cheap hand soap 2 wash your hands- some of it smells like bug spray once it is dried sad 
wants to put an end 2 suffering 4 good
please pray 4 my cousin michelles healing and well being  cancer has 2 stop eating our family alive so young!
"think im gonna go settle in and have a date with mr  alcohol, lol!"
