1a098225904d22db1a098d075e5877f6
hey rebody is my birthday today so give me a happy birthday on my fecebook paeg
hey 
going to <propmale> surefine
"nevermind lol i dont really wanna go, cumberland farms is more"
"back from cumbys, maybe ill go do the goldnepond country store and get a stake sub"
ate my stake sub hey anybody wanna chil
live long and prospers
hey lol yah
im just chillen ne body wanna?
just got hom frm watching playin ghalo at my buds house n e body wanna chill?
chillen
hey im super bord anybody chill oit sfine if you cant i just rly bored lol
lol just saw a flie get killed in my roome
lol
yah
hey i jut got home form t
hey lol bord nebody wanna chill?
im so bord i got so many tihngs i coud do but lol y now? btw ne1 wana chellin?
hangin out & my roome lol i hav so many dirty in here
<propmale> <propfirst>
bord lol i just wanaeat some stake subs
bord just chillen anybody wana chill?
bord hey n e body wana chillen?
hey lal
omg so bord all i wana do rite now is just chill n eat stake subs
goin to cumbys
back from cumbys
goin to holderniss genral stoar but yeah i s
just got home from cumbys ate a stake sub soooo good lol neybody? wana chil?
juxt got back from playing at dillans house he seid that mabye we coud get some stake subs i was like yah thatd be so cool dud but we havent got stake subs yet so im not rly taht excite as well and
hey is nebody free i got some pabst blue ribbon & a bunch of i got from the holdarness genral store hit me up
hey nebody wana chill wiht me n dillan?
stake subs
sooo god lol
<propmale> <propfirst>
remember the days
jus got back from the holderness generous store lol ii tryed the ruban dude so good lol
beep beep beep boner alert
f i cuold travel to any country i'd probabley go to holy <propmale>
hi
happy <propmale> day everyones
gud job to all of the senors in the senor class i hop ur guys had a good tiem at homecome so dont just be hapy thar it wasn'r the soph hahahahahahahah!!!!!
omg i haet work i just god back from it and is suck!!!!!!!! dont evn talk im pised 
n e <propmale> wana come play at my housse? i jsut got the new ps2 so sick
got i want s take subes rite now so bad lol
lol dillans so homo i culd probably giv him a gay test n he wuldnt pass lol
bord n e body up for some stake-subs and a cupple of pbr's?
just bougft black ops dude so sick i just hit a guy in the fricken face with a bullet hahahaha alol gonna go buy some porn i need my babes
peepee
dud i got a mad boner right now
powder donutts make me go nutts
"needuh get som poon tonight, thinkin bout hittin up the panther pub"
omg i go so trunk last  got excepted into unversity of pheonix!!!!!! thank u vrbody that elped in m sucsess
<propmale> didnt !!!! ahahahaahahahah!
uh now i just wanto eat a stake sub frm holdernss generic store  god sofungry!!
god damn i got way to much drank a lot i gues i ll be good for the rest  hey if nbody sees what won the game betwen the jets n the pats tel me cause knobwody has tell me yet 
so tird spent a whole day snowboard  it is a great day yes!!!! thank u
dudes this so lame! my nuts have fungus on it but got cream to make it go away  it don't not even look a mushrooms!
they should of had a pizza party instead of war in iraq  pizza parties r more fun
jsut took a biggest dump in my toilette duude is so great ot finally not have that in my bod  thx to all taht support me inmy thx
nebody up for some hardcore dogeball? dillans hose l8ter b ther or b scared lol
watch the oscers dud sucked nutsac all it was is just a bunch of tards givin speaches about shit doesnt matter  plus i dont see what so specail about inception i hav dreams to so wat?
"as well, y come the news say that libya is violent? i look at my girlfriends libya n it looks normal to me? its only skin, gt use to it "
lol dud spendin day wiht dillans hous  somethin smell like <propmale> crud prolably dillan cause hes homo
"screw u dillan u think ur so cool then  can't ur mom is  a skank!!! dont effing talk bout my gf again homo, she is 2 hot for u and not me  prolly the only reeson u <propfemale> w me neways "
<propmale> bucky for prez n e body wanta vote a me u hav to do it the day that it is vote time  president free taxes
o man jus saw  the hottest girl on hbo show get naked you could see her  bobies and evrything  it was like watchn a poorn but on tv sick
"hi every its just a day, dont forget wat u did to say that! nd n e way thers only one type so it not matter in the first"
just eting stake subs if nebody wanta chill its okay awith me
"havin sex wiht my gf rite now, ugh so gross- but i got my stake sub so its oka"
"hey fat ppl want to actully get lade? lose sum wait mayb girls won't think u are gross n smell like crud! \\they shud make a car that runns on cheetos dangerously cheesy, dangrously fast"
feelin pretty sexy tonite- nebody wana bang cause my gf and i break up!!!1!1!!
