b27bd639591d6f26375ad14c3bfe0a50
"the first day of the new year is gone and the year is still early but blink once and it will be spring twice and summer will be here onemore time and new year will be here agin    take time this year to stop and enjoy all the pleasures that life gives us learn, love, and give this year and it will truely be a year of hidden blessings god bless you on your journeys!"
it almost time for another brutal personal training session i hope this all pays off lol
time to go and touch the lives of others and bring cheer to there day     or i guess u could say time to go to work lol
i need to get stuff done but instead i think i will play today and get real tomorrow oh well
i just love how time flies and before you know it its back to the rat race
in the face of negativity of speak the positive into the picture and watch how the light pours in! jihads appointment is next week its gonna be a day of medical miracles wait and see !
everyday is a new day  beleive in the impossible and make it possible!!
just got back from kanas and really really i don't want to go to work i just wanna rest today but not gonna happen
off for a day of adventure
so glad that i'm done with school and work for the week i can finally get some sleep!
take time to get silent and listen thats when true answers surface 
t g i f on a tuesday it can't get any better!
when life gets tuff <propfemale> inthave have there other wise you just have to climb that much fartherr to get back to where you are  and in the light of a challenge remember that all things are possible!!
wow i am finally done with classes for the week now for the fun stuff like laundry oh what fun 
every day is a gift what will you do with your gift today?
i have been blessed with four great kids      that's my story and i'm stickin to it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday essum!!!! i have made it thru another birthday season 
okay so spring has sprung and i just want to go and play!!! five more weeks and i will be done with this biology nightmare!
go out and put your best foot forward   make light of challenges and defeat the obsticles in your way!!!
time flys one way or another i can't believe it's my birthday again!
wow i will make it!
i love all the painful reminders that i am woman!
yeah grades r in i did great!
good morning world here i come!!!!!
hello ladies what happens at the nite out can never be let out lol!!!!!
good morning world        here i come its gonna be a good day!!!!!
when life shows you the ugly      go ahead and show it the pretty rise above those that chose to be petty and this in itself will drive them crazy!
get ready world cause here i come!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
on my way for a drive in the mountains
hello again let the party begin     if it doesn't kill us it makes us stronger right   
on our way for a night in the mountains!
been asleep all day what did i miss      looks like a bunch of nothing hahaha
and i will live to <propfemale> your compassion to love a world thats broken to be the hands and feet 
in need of some clear answers     so many puzzle pieces that don't fit 
today is the first day of the rest of my life!
lots on my mind     
i love me just the way i am if you don't like it get on and leave me alone!
god is amazing my prayers were just totally answered! thanks god for being so faithful even when i am not 
huge weight lifted off my shoulders today     the sun is shining and i am glad to be here    the road ahead is bumpy but worth the challenge 
so done with trivial people     just speak your mind and make your self clear guessing games are such a waste of time!
happy 4th everyone have lots of fun and be safe!
if your happy and you know it clap your hands! clap clap clap!!!!
god i trust in you and you alone!
sat in the sun just soaking it up this morning looking forward to cali tomorrow!
all good things must come to an end      so sad vacation is over home tomorrow 
i am sitting in the airport and wondering how it is the time flies when your having fun back to the rat race!
i am so over being over it!
who told the sun where to stand in the morning? and who told the ocean you can only come this far? and who showed the <propfemale> where to hide til evening?
as surely as the sun will rise tomorrow and i am blessed with the gift of another day i will face the challenges of that day head on and with surity in my heart that god all mighty has give me the tools needed to overcome all things that come my way!  in the midst of brokenness god has given me my greatest peace!
just need to breath
i woke up this morning and the birds were singing a new song      time for me to walk thru the door way into the new leaving the hurts of the past behind!
"ok so my doctors office informed me less than a wek before surgery that they forgot to tell me there is just a $ 1,000 co-pay so just bring it at my next appointment    lol i told the nurse when an angel drops a thousand dollar check into my lap for surgery i would call her    so i get a call and that thousand dollar check was dropped in my lap! wow god you are amazing!"
"the sun is shining time to get ready for a weekend full of adventure! jamilah and essum are going rock climbing with harnesses and full gear and <propmale>, jihad and i will be white water rafting! so excited to spend time with the kids doing new things!"
i had my surgery yesterday  i am extremely sore but going to be fine  thanks much to all of you that stood by me providing lots of hugs and encouraging words  you guys are awesome thanks for being there when i needed it most!
i believe that i will get to go home tomorrow! i look forward to sleeping all nite in my bed without being woken up for vitals!
feeling great! ready to take the horns of the bulls that have been poking me and put things in perspective!
good morning all my fb friends may your day be blessed and run smoothly!
out with 2010 and ready for the new to begin!
just thinkin          
