34d39da955f2422c21b68ff0b030d548
"yum!  homemade pea soup with ham, <propmale> butter crescent rolls, pumpkin whoopie pies, and freshly made sweet tea "
last night my oldest peed on the bathroom rug and this afternoon my youngest peed on me mid diaper change   how was your day?
"tonight's dinner was stuffed <propfemale> peppers, eggs in purgatory, garlic parmesan roasted potatoes, and toast   i think the eggs got slightly overcooked because the yolks aren't runny like they're supposed to be, but the whites are set right "
i swear there's atleast 6 inches of snow in my yard   <propfemale> and i played outside in it earlier today   we built a snowman and <propfemale> kept knocking it down   she loves snow 
"feeling like the enforcer today for both etsy fort worth and at home   sorry baby, but you've had enough sugar "
"how am i supposed to make <propmale>'s <propfirst> cake, if i used the last of the sugar to make sweet tea?"
today will be busy   i have so many errands to run before going to see my sister for dinner 
"i need to sell some robot pop stuff, so i have haircut money   it's getting weird "
"i feel like a total slacker today   i know i got stuff done, but i still have so much more to do "
"i'm making resin for jewelry   sadly, i found out that just because i put a certain color in it doesn't mean it stays that color   so, bright pretty peacock blue turned to pale aqua shimmer   i also wasn't e playful ecting it to be transparent "
poured a second layer of resin this morning   i hope they turn out nice   i have one more layer to go 
hmm   now if i could only get the resin out of the mold   you would think two coats of mold release would do it 
"how do you e playful lain to a two-year-old that pink and blue ice cream trucks are not the same thing as pink and blue ice cream cones, and that either way ice cream trucks don't drive by at 8pm?"
"<propfemale> keeps mothering her \eggie \""  she is carrying around a plastic play food egg wrapped in a washcloth   thanks <propfemale> """
note to self: don't become blinded by crafting excitement while driving home   you will miss your exit by <propmale> and not notice till you look down and realize that the screen says you've been driving for 45 minutes 
"facebook is going to eat my day!  i have places to go, pictures to take, and swag to make "
"why is it that when i need facebook to help answer a question i discover there is no actual way to contact them? i just spent half an hour trying to find anything that led to a \contact us\"" <propfemale> and found nothing  for some reason my shorter url i made to get to my fan <propfemale> easier got blocked for being annoying """
"i have an idea, and i need you!"
i made curry for dinner and now my house smells funky 
i had so much fun at funky finds today!  it was great getting to hangout with everyone today and see all the awesome handmade stuff 
saying my house is prepared for a zombie apocalypse is apparently an understatement 
a haircut and craft fair display shopping makes for a wonderful day   now i need spray paint 
"my husband surprised me today for our anniversary and took the day off, so we can go on a date   still trying to figure out what we're doing "
snow?  really!?  i thought i lived in texas and it was spring 
"my indie business, robot pop, was featured on a blog and an etsy treasury today   check out my fan <propfemale> for links to both   http annoyed  facebook com robotpop"
"debating whether i need a 10x10 corner booth or just a 10x10 booth for an upcoming craft fair   there's pros and cons for both, and i'm still working on booth design   ideas?"
"way to disappoint me etsy finds email   when your title says deep in the heart of texas and the home featured is in fort worth, i e playful ect at least one find to be found in fort worth, tx "
what's with all the telemarketer phone calls asking me if i need a credit card machine?  seriously at least every 30-45 minutes since 11am 
i'm going garage saling friday   i think i found one selling store displays!  yay!
awesome!  telephone table +shelves +vintage handmade apron +shutters for the win!
"going to home depot and hobby lobby after dinner because i need some supplies, and they have most of what's on my list on sale   then making stuff like crazy with what i brought to my parents house "
freaking out over whether or not beads on jewelry=beaded jewelry 
"<propfemale> has two little teeth sprouting   chomp, chomp, chomp   she keeps chewing on everything within reach "
sushi bento for dinner   yay!
"spray paint, <propfemale> cookies, and laundry  oh, my!"
50 items in the shop and 50 fans   things are moving along nicely 
<propfemale> is obsessed with <propfemale> scrambler   if you know who this is you also watch pbs at 5pm and you have kids   hopefully   you are getting sleeeepppyy 
"sorted my paint and now i feel like painting, but can't find anything to paint on   how is it possible that i organize some stuff so well i can't find it?"
indoor gun ranges are depressing 
is it too soon to be having craft fair related dreams?
"does anyone want to go with or meet me at the main st  arts festival or make's urban street bazaar this weekend?  i want to go, but not really alone "
can we slow down the crawling?  <propfemale> is after everything that catches her eye 
"give me pho and a sleeping baby, or buy something from my shop!  or at least look at it "
"i have pictures of so many new things to add to my etsy shop   apparently, my parents' house is the best place to take pictures "
i think scrabble hates me  aiinooo
i'm the whitest person i know that's sunburn proof without sunblock   just ask j <propfemale> 
   and one for the little girl who lives down the lame ?  <propfemale>'s renditions of nursery rhymes crack me up 
"i'm making a zucchini tart, lemon pepper chicken, and salad for dinner "
i was sitting here lost in the internet and just looked up to see why <propfemale> was playing so quiet    she's folding the laundry and making piles separated by who the clothes belong to like i always do 
today i decided that my underused badly placed flowerbed in the backyard is now my compost pile until a better solution can be decided upon   now if i can just figure out a way to destroy all the weeds and grass in the upper level of my backyard 
anyone want to hangout after the cib meeting saturday?  maybe find a snocone?
choices make dinner or paint or make jewelry or clean 
it's nearly impossible to crochet while children are climbing on you 
"wtf is all that racket?  it sounds like a basketball team is having practice in my driveway, but no one's there "
i want a thai bubble tea and some pie 
"earlier today i poked my finger with the eye of an embroidery needle, and now i think it's infected   it's all puffy and red and hurts like hell   how am i injuring myself with what isn't even the dangerous end of something?"
loco moco for dinner   mmm   gravy 
"my stupid tv hates abc, so no lost till tomorrow "
"holy, jewelry glue high   maybe gluing 50 new pieces in one go was a bad idea "
"having homemade veggie pizza and watching lost while everyone else sleeps   we came back from running errands, and i had a headache and passed out for 2 hours "
woah   i just got home and realized i sold 3 rings   maybe i should leave the house more often 
"this gnocci, sausage, and brownies better get appreciated   or i'll eat all the brownies while they're sleeping "
"apparently, i can't do anything right anyways, so i'm just going to eat the brownies for breakfast "
ugh   biting   it's a good thing she's cute 
"well, i guess <propfemale> is sick   she has a fever, runny nose, and is miserable   poor baby "
eww
"fun family day of fort worth museum of science and history, taco cabana, and braum's "
p s  <propfemale> was terrorizing some little boys in the outdoor part of the museum and kept throwing water at them   then at taco cabana she got hit on by a 7-year-old who walked up and told her she was beautiful   <propmale> is so not looking forward to her being a teenager 
does anyone need girl unisex clothes size 2t or smaller?  i've been cleaning in the girls closets 
"yesterday, i wore my new cupcake earrings to test them out   half the people that commented on them thought they were icecream   do husband's and 14-year-olds count?"
thinking about opening a few more online shops to see if any work out   does anyone have any positive or negative comments about any online shopping sites similar to etsy?
"i feel like i'm forgetting to do something, but today has been slightly crazy   just to name a few of today's oddities <propfemale> threw up on me out of nowhere, and when i went to eat the tomato i cut up a few days ago i noticed some of the seeds had sprouted <propfemale> tomato plants "
"i'll see you at the efw meeting   <propfemale> is being sweet today, so we'll see if she stays that way "
"i wish there wasn't so much spit in <propfemale>'s beat boxing, but electric company is a really good show "
had fun seeing everyone at the meeting and got my house of smash cuffs   when i got home <propfemale> was passed out and <propfemale> was wide awake 
community is awesome!
"<propfemale> just walked in wearing <propfemale>'s shirt!?  when asked why, she said she wanted to be little like sister   too cute and a little surprised she got it on "
getting ready to watch where the wild things are with <propfemale> 
<propfemale> takes the hand part of hand puppets quite literally 
"catching up on the last 2 episodes of glee, while finishing mother's day gifts   aparently, <propfemale> really likes it and is now imitating <propmale> "
happy mother's day!
someone put on their silly pants today 
jennifer: what's your name?  corinne: cowinne    jennifer: how old are you?  corinne:    too(2?) old 
"fun night with the little sister at arts goggle and spiral diner   she bought me a cute <propmale> vase, and we got some awesome prints from sarah(oy)   now it's time for bed "
"<propfemale> not sleeping is killing me sleeping   on another note, yay sale!  boo, i have to use it to pay my etsy <propmale> "
you can't tell me not to do 
yay!  i won blueskysunburn creations comic book women paintings   <propfemale> exciting!  there's still one more giveaway coming up too 
"first anniepoo, then hippie bliss, and now house of smash   i'm seeing all kinds of efw on tv lately "
"let's hope a dinner of fried pork chops with gravy, green bean casserole, and garlic mashed potatoes all from scratch equals less flack for watching lost for four hours "
is anyone else more confused now?
"happy towel day to all interstellar hitchhikers!  oh, and always remember, don't panic!"
"ugh   peanut butter and jelly sandwich before bed did not agree with me, and now i have a tummyache "
<propfemale> just woke up from her nap and told me there was a giant chicken in the closet   what!?
"we had a garage sale today and it was all hot with no breeze, so we shut down early   i hope tomorrow is better   we still have lots of clothes(baby and mine), craft supplies, a bassinet and baby carrier, and some other random stuff "
"i really need to get silver chain soon   does anyone have a preference of silver plated brass versus silver finished brass?  both are from a supplier i trust for quality, but the price difference is huge and would affect the pricing of my jewelry    nickel content is questionable in the silver finished chain, but both are lead free "
"thinking about whether it would be worth it, or possible, to <propfemale> the sampler for breach of contract "
"going to a meeting, can't remember what i was going to talk about at said meeting because i thought of it at 2am and didn't write it dooowwwwn, doo da doo doot doo"
"rawr   i fell asleep putting <propfemale> to bed and just woke up, so i'm in a weird half asleep, half awake haze "
today i will be making strawberry cupcakes with lemon creamcheese frosting and lemon cupcakes with strawberry buttercream for <propfemale>'s birthday party tomorrow   i also have <propfemale> <propfemale> for making polka <propfemale>s on top 
scratch that   straw<propfirst> cupcakes with lemon creamcheese frosting and lemon <propfirst> cupcakes with straw<propfirst> buttercream   the lemon <propfirst> recipe sounded better than the plain lemon 
"let's see   i dropped an entire pan of unbaked cupcake batter on the inside of the oven door, got a splinter, found out either foil liners hate me or my baking powder is dead, and ran out of powdered sugar and walmart was out of powdered sugar   so yeah, not the best looking cupcakes or what i set out to make, but they are tasty "
staying up till 2am after the girls go to sleep making jewelry is a win lose situation 
you would think i'm way too white to have a child that raps like a gangsta   sub the microphone for a pink <propfemale> phone ftw   we'll just hire her for the cib entertainment because she'll work for ice cream 
"i so love that fedex usually delivers packages a day earlier than what is first projected in tracking   yay, for very much needed supplies arriving probably this afternoon!"
today is not a good day 
"if the movie special features include a drinking game it must be awesome, right?"
"umm   i think i have enough jewelry for 3 tables, so if you don't see what you want, just tell me you want to see more "
"i would love to see you today at panther city bar bazaar in fort worth at <propfemale>'s saloon   i'll be there from noon to 8pm, with my jewelry, along with many other vendors, live music, and fort worth burrito project "
can i go to sleep now?
just finished watching masterpiece contemporary: last enemy on hulu   totally reccommend it to any scifi geeks that like 1984 type stuff   also has dr  rush from stargate universe and the lead character reminds me of <propfirst> dent   am i giving away how truly geeky i am?
"i just figured out what cupcake flavor i'm making, and they will be awesome!   i hope "
"i have some very large pads of newsprint(24x36 & 18x24), drawing paper(18x24), and colored charcoal paper(18x24) all have had some pages used except for the largest pad of newsprint   would any artists out there like to trade or buy them?  i can bring them to the party friday or arrange a pick up "
"i got home and realized i matched my cupcakes   apparantly, my official colors are turquoise, pink, black, white and polka dots "
"<propfemale> is getting 3 top teeth at once, so there's drool everywhere "
"when life slips you a <propfirst>, stroke the furry wall "
robot pop has my head spinning   i've been working on efw and shop stuff all day online and on paper 
i want to sew and crochet today 
i need to make a vendor apron for when i do shows   i was searching etsy for inspiration   there are some that are so pretty i would wear them out of the house 
"i need some new clothes, so i can dress all colorful again   i'm tired of wearing the same 5 shirts "
"me: (walking around singing)\corinne: mommy, you're a nut!\me: what kind?\corinne: white and brown and crazy!"
i have too much to do today 
"i find it interesting that there's currently an item on the etsy homepage that blatantly goes against etsy tos   it's not the first time either, and i will point out in this case it has nothing to do with copyright laws "
keep the cib goody bag packages coming!  today i got one from cc's one of a kind full of super cute 3 packs of fabric covered button magnets 
"<propfemale> on drawing, \it's just like magic!\"""""
"i need some old shelves, doors, windows, folding screens, etc  between 3-6 feet tall to make walls for my craft fair booth   if you have something like that you think might work let me know   i also need something for hanging earrings   i found out at <propfemale>'s the one i have is too small for the number of earrings i have "
"do any of my homeschooling friends people with school age kids need books?  my mom is a retired teacher and has a bunch of learning to read type books at the garage sale   some have really great pictures that might be fun for collage too, mixed media artist friends "
"anyone want to come to a garage sale at my parents' house in midlothian tomorrow?  let me know what you're looking for and i'll tell you if we have it, and if you want to come by i'll send you a message with the address "
just applied for the fall arts goggle!  which gives me a good reason to keep dropping hints that it would be really great if i had a tent 
"just got eco paper roses for the goody bags in the mail   so pretty, and <propfemale> wants to keep them all to make a garden!  annoyed   this kid is going to be disappointed when i take away the big container of pretties in september "
how is <propfemale> taking the fitted sheet off her bed?  it's been happening the last few days every morning and nap time i go to get her and she's holding a wad of sheet in the middle of the bed 
watching the sound of music with <propfemale>   she likes the singing and marching 
why did i just waste 45 minutes trying to rationalize pricing of handmade items with my husband?
"thanks mom for taking the girls home with you, so i can work on all the cib stuff i need to do   now off to bag, paint, sew, stickerize, organize, and bead "
"i know, i know, it's a little last minute, but i just finished the newest cib goody bag blog post and scheduled it to go live at 5am "
who would have thought banana cream flavored popcorn would be so yummy?
"well, the girls are back home, and now begins the mama separation crying   rainbow popcorn and <propfemale> and <propmale> are appeasing <propfemale> for the moment "
how much stuff can i stuff in these bags?  another goody bag post is ready for the morning   i still have a few more things coming in too 
"driving home a girl in a bikini was standing in front of the palm tree store holding a sign that looked like it was stolen from a homeless person or a chik-fil-a cow and said \got palms?\"""""
yay! titanmoon will now be playing at the cowtown indie bazaar on september 4th   so excited!
i'm busy working on display stuff for my craft fair booth today   i found <propfemale> the perfect job to help mommy by having her make pink rice   shake shake shake 
"so, i have a sign i'm painting and it needs words, but i can't decide   options are: handmade jewelry, welcome to robot pop, or thank you for visiting stopping by   which one do you like best, or do you have an idea?"
"so much to make, so little time   i wish i had an <propmale> cabin i could fill with my supplies and food, so i could lock myself in until september 3rd "
282 must be my magic etsy number 
"feeling all special and flattered to have my jewelry as the photo for the cib facebook ad campaign   let me know if you see it because facebook thinks i like seeing the same 10 ads every day, and probably won't have it pop up on my <propfemale> "
"need to paint, sew, and practice booth set up "
"i can't wait to show off my robot pop sign!  it's not perfect, but i love it   it's so retro awesome "
sewing this money apron is going to kill my sewing machine or injure me   at least it's cute 
yay!  i sold something today   when am i supposed to have time to package and ship this?
"totally freaking out!  hopefully, i can put my brain to sleep for a few hours   apparently, i need a tardis because everything will not fit in my mom's car "
"i am sick and tired, but had lots of fun yesterday at the cowtown indie bazaar   i loved seeing all the people walking around wearing handmade goodies they got from other talented efw artists "
"hoping <propmale> gets home in time for me to not be late to the efw meeting\tonight   also hoping to make a few pairs of earrings or something now\that i don't feel so tired "
"yay, for <propfemale> custom order from cib and finally selling a book on amazon!  if i keep it up maybe i can buy a tent   maybe even walls for the tent, ooh, fancy "
mmm   bacon 
"thank you for all the nice birthday wishes!  <propfemale> is trying to convince me that mommies don't get birthdays, and i'm just happy the husband agreed to go to the loteria show "
"today i got a haircut, so that was good, but then i had to go grocery shopping, clean the kitchen, and do other normal day house cleaning and mommy stuff, so not the most exciting birthday   however, tomorrow will be lots of fun "
"super excited about my new supplies i bought yesterday   <propmale> thinks i'm going on a crazy spending spree, but really i'm just getting things that i've had my eye on for a long time "
"i will trade a three-year-old for a laser cutting machine   i love her, but she's 3 going on 14   where did all this attitude and drama come from?"
"<propfemale> keeps randomly saying duck, duck, duck and babbling nonsense while pointing around the house "
"of course, as soon as, i mention free beer my husband becomes very interested in craft fairs "
"<propfemale> would eat an entire head of raw broccoli, if i let her, really?  this is the same child who spits out carrots "
"today <propfemale> went crazy decorating her cardboard house   there's marker on the outside, inside and all over <propfemale> "
anxiously awaiting my concoction of peach walnut blondies 
still wondering how i got free large french fries from whataburger   it wasn't like it was a mistake because no one else was there 
"my mom and i had pictures made of the girls today, and you could really see how very different their personalities are   <propfemale> was all out of sorts and didn't like some strange lady messing with her one bit   <propfemale> was a little cheese ball model, did her own thing, and often purposefully stepped in front of sister's pictures   she also went all veruca salt and insisted she needed a camera too "
"it also took us most of the photo shoot to convince <propfemale> that we were not secretly at a zoo   she was very concerned about lions and tigers scaring her, and was confused about the lack of a moose   or any animals, for that matter "
i wish <propfemale> would go to sleep   <propfemale> might have to push me in the stroller tomorrow at the midlothian fall festival if i don't get any sleep 
"<propfemale> has come to the decision that a pink bear is her halloween costume, and that sister must be an owl in a tree   apparently, i'm the tree "
tonight was fun up until the giant hole in the tire and the flat spare   sad 
come visit me this weekend in the etsy fort worth booth at the funky finds e playful erience and spin my wheel of handmade and crafty prizes!  $1 to spin and proceeds go to child study center of fort worth 
"i had fun at funky finds, met lots of great new people, and saw some lovely crafty friends   i am not enjoying the after show hangover though "
"eggplants, giraffses, and pigs! oh, my!?  what kind of zoo does <propfemale> want to visit?"
"<propfemale> keeps singing, \it's like a garbage baby \""  i have no idea what that means?  she's been singing lots of nonsense today """
