d2bd1f40c002efadc64769ce09cb45d9
happy new years and stuff like tht lol
are we dancing or are we dead
finally added people to face boook  smile 
"lunch , bills, swim til i have to go to wor at 7"
"off to work text me!  smile \-mozart"
bed time? im such a lame!
just made some epic lunch  whats every one doing tonight?
sitting at dinner with my mom and <propfirst> and a spider falls on my mom hahaha so funny ive never seen her scream and curl in a ball so fast lol
going swimming  laugh  yay! plus my whole fam is over for a cook out!
have poisin <propfemale> again ughhh wtf
you boys and girls have gotten so good at playing barbies   screw ur fake world    i hope it melts  smile 
going and applying for day time jobs!
i just relised that if you look at a picture of someone if the white in their eyes is bright enofe then u can see the person who took the pic haha crazy yet fun
sleep? nah to much on my mind lol whats everyone else doing?
"im not ready to be awake\- mozart"
i just had to flush my fish i feel so mean yet grossed out and kinda pissed he only lived for a month wtf!! glad i wasted time and money on him haha  smile 
damn rain now my hair is going to look like a poodle!
every thing in my life is changing       im still not sure if its a good thing  but its not like i cant go back right?
8 am is way way way way to <propfemale> i cant waitt to come back and nap  smile 
lunch dinner with <propfirst> at bk then off to work yay? text me  smile 
humans r the only thing alive tht know they r going to die! maybe thts why every thing else seems so happy they dont have to worry about what they r going to do with the rest of their lifes there just living in the moment! i wish i didnt know i had to die
"going to dye my hair today     all i know is it has to look \normal\"" my hair hasnt been normal in idk how long haha this should be intresting  smile """
cant go to warped wow what a happyness killer  sad 
why is it that when we tell our selfs something is a bad idea or tht u cant do it then we test it out ne way and once we fail we think damn should have listened? it honestly makes no sense
<propmale> out with <propfirst> all day and played putt putt! it was pretty epic! <propfirst> ur a lame ass  smile 
"i have the acadmy is stuck in my head!! \to let the light shine in to remind me what ive done and where ive been  \""  esp tht part idk why songs wait til im 3 seconds from being all the way asleep to  blar in my mind! haha o well swimming tommrow  smile """
went swimming with <propfirst> all day and got my but kicked in some noodle fights haha      now im going to go get food  smile 
i wish my computer didnt crash bc burning all these songs off cds back on to my computer then back on to my mp3 is a pain
every time i listen to metro station i miss 2 summers ago it was epic all day every day! cant wait til zilla gets out  smile 
im awake <propfemale> again but so tired bc i had a late night! this sucks
<propmale> out with <propmale> and serria swam and ate subway then sent to mejers walmart  and speedway with <propfirst> to sit in the pumkin at the park to eat oreos drink slushies and make fun of kids who scream every time they get pushed on a swing haha epic day smile 
i wish i could hear you thoughts instead of my own im sure there alot more peaceful       im so bored!
just got up from a strange dream    i dont want tht to happen now tht i think about it it was more scarry ahhh
layin in bed bored    whats every one else doing?  smile 
hanging with <propfirst> til i gotta be at work our bromance is epic!  smile 
mhm cold <propmale> and cheese  smile 
it seems like people dont like switching roles if u cant take it then why do u dish it?
work is going to be <propfemale> hot!
you forget how good old bands are til u listen to them again then u relise new stuff     well sucks
i remember when i use to party on friday nights now im watching the <propfemale> light up the cloud shapes im officially lame!
"just had a very epic night with <propmale> and <propfirst>  walmart , mejers, random country roads,yellow springs,glen, swimming in the rain and 16 manbearpigs hahaha sweet  smile "
yeahh  i managed to puke all over my self at fair     sweet  laugh 
hmmm what to do today?
baby sitting : d
chores then work    yay i get a whole extra hour today
"to every one whos at warped,                        you suck & i hate you!!!!!!!!!"
feel the drums ? get lost in the chorus? it means thats your alive!!!!!  smile 
<propmale> with <propmale> and <propfirst> today smile  work 7-9 then idk
lost my phone send me a text saying who u r thanks 9375366385
<propmale> out with <propfirst> moegly lol hes such a rule enforcer lol still a sweet day
<propmale> out with <propfirst> moegly  hes such a rule enforcer lol still a sweet day
hmmmmmm
you know you suck at life if youve failed spider solitare level 4 93 times in a row this game is a jerk
ive been in bed all  day i hope i feel better before work  if not tonights going to be lame 
yay roys about to be here to cure my boredum          3 hrs later hahaha o well  smile 
hmmm work tonight then strait to bed when i get home im so sleepy  annoyed \
cant wait on my pizza to get here  smile 
first time ive been up since 1 pm in a long time   right after i get done at the doctor im comming home and going back to bed! i do not enjoy feeeling like a zombie
i got this amazing shirt from the fairfield mall1 ) has a sweet picture on it 2 ) was on sale3 ) cures aids haha yes time to go back to bed  when i wake up i will no longer be a zombie   i hope
finally awake hmmm whaat to do before work?prob going to play <propfirst> on the wii  even though hes a jerk and doesnt listen i say attack and he like um get killed  i say no <propfirst> dont get in that lava and he dives in it lol  fustrating i hate playing the same part 90 times lol
nap time then work  smile 
since when does the bad guys on <propfirst> say thug and call each other bruh esp when they r flowers? hahaha going to work then a party maybe!
its 3 am and im super awake   wish i lived in a better city so that the most amusement i could get was from some otther place then wal mart its fun the first 150 times but after tht its boring lol hmmm what to do?
hmmm just going to walk around town with <propfirst> today      hmm idk where we will end up
<propfirst> <propmale> is a huge wussy and is scaredd of grass and bugs  on the plus side i beat him countless time in vodoo doll fighting today at best buy  smile  phones going to be off for a few  sad 
watching the boondock saints for the 1000550 time still amazing
i enjoy standing in my shower when the water is freezing cold i find it takes things off my mind  hmm work at 7 yay? text me
my mp3 player is being a jerk today it worked i took a shower tryed to turn it on and it wont go past the main screan grr wtf?
anyone in for bowling tonight?
i want to draw but im not sure what  give me ideas  smile 
my mom is going to her birthday dinner by her self  sad  wow  i feel so bad
hmmmmm
yay broke my toe  sad  hurts so bad!
work at 7 then who knows?
packing for the weekend trip to hocking hills  should be a fun time!
woo hoo getting ready to leave for the hocking hills weekend trip  i cant wait to go back to sleep im so so so tired
had a good weekend in bfe but i enjoy having cell service and not being attacked by bugs ect 
ate tooo much taco belll feeling a little pukey it suckkkkkks
waiting for the cable man  why cant they give you a smaller time frame insteead of 1-5 so u dont have to waste tthe whole day?
yay have trhe interweb back  smile  send me sweet music to check out i feel like im very out dated  smile 
i forgot how hard math was grrrr i hate it! woo hoo chore time!!!!
my moms boyfriend just tryed to fix my hair hahahahahaha fail!
its been on my mind all day now its going to be there all night keeping me awake grr
going swimming b4 work cheya  love 
hmm bored
good night
i just got attacked by a spider doing yard work now my hand hurts! stupid spider i hope u had  a nice laugh after biting me before i squashed you to your death!
i love getting poison <propfemale>    again its like the 5 time and its always on my face  annoyed = ick
i just got a new cat shes so cute but she wont come out of hiding haha
today is a good day c:
<propmale> wolf + time editing photos = hellz yeah  smile 
going to bed woohooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo haha
this weekend should be pretty fun c:
todays is just a stay in bed day
excited 4 x fest wooooooooohooo lol
"went to x fest and even though i am burnt like a lobster and my throat feels like ive swallowed  razor blades, nothing is ever as fun as feeling the drums in ur chest surrounded by a bunch sweaty people, any ways good day !c:"
it wont take long for me to tell you who i am you hear my voice well thats pretty much what i am so give me a smile c: -avett brothers
going to go get food from bk c: then home for some school stuff and chores then off to work wooohoooo lol
work tonight then hanging with <propfemale> cheya  c:
watching boy meets world with <propfemale> cheya we r so cool c:
"yay lynz is bringing me phone wooohoo  smile  i wont feel naked ne more \hahaha"
o btw am i the only one who feels that mondays still suck?
i think now its bed time but im not even sleepy  sad 
making breakfast @ 10 smile 5 chyea c:
sick = ew
watching dextar eating cookies cheya
my mother doesn't understand the intensity of robot unicorn attack!
home work time woohoooo      sad 
just got the high score on robot unicorn attack after 20 million times of trying to beat wyoming! laha i win!
rip <propmale>  love 
getting ready to watch green street hooligans  i love this movie!
had a good time at land of illusion !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hmmm what to do today?
"my mother just asked me to turn her blanket down   but shes in her room underit she doesnt want to \wake the cat\"" wtf pshht"""
i need to find some one to go eat chinese with !
i love old my chemical romance ! i wish they where still good  sad 
going to work yay !      
needs a car!
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh how do u email some one on cregs list?
"dear math class, ur a jerk and i hate u !"
"hmm food ,best buy  target and goodwill with <propfirst> = silly times c:"
getting ready to watch s  darko ahhhhhh i hope its good c:
going to work
c:
i love  singing super loud
i cant sleep my whole mind is dancing with things that dont even make sense 
some times you  never know and other times u just have to relise that life goes on c: ps btw they are the eggman i am the walrus coo coo cachoo c:  love  hahahahaha
it never gets closer you want to start over but never start over
having thug rapping time c:
yeeah going to work looking like im from the 80s    hahaha
yay  h ween
"i think i just had the best day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! went on a road trip, went to yellow springs, colored with side walk chalk and had a tea party while listening to the beatles "
for the last few days ive been in such a happy mood  i hope it doesnt stop 
i want to know why we as humans tell our selfs not to do something but we do it any way to turn around and say i told u so dumb ass!
going to go look at a super cute apartment tommrow  playful !! and i got a call from <propmale> evens wanting to know if im still looking for work + weezy gets out today and demetri is in town? today is sweet
taking a bath while u drink <propmale> hortons is pretty epic stuff  i hope i feel better i  have stuff to do tommrow!
interview tommrow  playful !!!
this is the death of beauty
i love owl city even though he went main stream
am i the person who still listens to smashing pumpkins?
correction : am i the only  person who still listens to smashing pumpkins?
just killed in some monopoly c:
beatles time b4 work = heck yes  off at 9 then to bffs house
o btw hate on my amazing stash c:
i hate rain! im ready for the snow ! c:
765 days left til the zombies attack
i wish i could go see <propmale> potter
tommrow i find out if we get the apartment in yellow springs  playful 
cannt wait for black friday shopping
haste the day is breaking up   ugh wtf what a music boner killer!  sad  work today   and such
my life would be complete and simple if i could find my damn i pod > annoyed 
amateur surgeon 2 is beast lol and yep im gay i know
<propmale> potter 7 then possibly bff time c:
had a good day1 went to see hp ate faaaaazolis drove with gma shopping and movies with epic drinks with the bffs anf come home to a house to my self c: heck yes
o and it snowed  love 
guesss who go a apartment in ys?? i did c::: !!!!!!!!!!!!
lol has ne one ever watched dorm life?
345453454554535 wtf is up with the <propfirst>?
i feel like the african space christ today c: thought id share
fuck my life i hate the news i just got
ny uncle comes home today! good i havent had a punching bag since his last visit haha c:
it deff doesnt fell like xmas is in a week! yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy sleep
bed! hanging out with <propfirst> tommrow!
had a sweet day with my bff <propfirst> made a sick gangster snow man $clad`day c:
hmmmmmmmmmmm nothing to do  cellular device is being a jerk stupid charger thing is messed up
hmmmmmmmmm football game
"nothing to do so iguess umm bed time\?"
today will be intresting
this police thing is nuts  ihave never seen so many cops in 1 place ever  they are from every where  needless to we are stuck in the house for a while
going to see my kitten mittens       then work
haha good night last night
bed                 um yes
just got done watching the science of sleep prob one of the strangest movies ive ever seen  but i like it
new face book annoyed ame                                     o and i love this snow c:
i think today is a uber lazy day
done with school c:
i wish i could stop thinking about pointless stuff tht angers me
and i have decied im a hxc geo wars addict
just got done watching juno c: possibly bed
im sick of waking up cuz of this stupid foot burn > annoyed \
i want to paint
just got done watching iron man  time for bed c:
i wish i wasnt up at 8am on a sunday 
i hate being a cripple foot!lol
had a good dinner with mom today  and i got to paint c: = a nice day
had a pretty nice weekend c:
watching blue mountain state  ive watched almost the whole first season in 1 day woohoo 4 being lazy haha
never a bad time for <propmale> and cheese
yay more snow c:
making cds and then going home to play video games cuz im cool like tht c:
watching skins strange show
i think puppies are worse then babys in the am hours!
today is a metal day c:
ooooh the x games  love 
think think think think think think think think brain shut up!
just got done watcching some x games now im going to watch the girl who kicked the hornets nest  grr u <propfirst> white u and <propmale> better kick ass sunday!
thanks every one for the bday wishes! had a amazing bday time to watch x games c:
white and <propmale> just did amazing c: heck yeah amazing im so stoked c:
got killedin cod and monopoly today time for bed c:
i just got home and a ugly shower curtin was hanging in my bathroom blek!
<propfirst> is making me watch crank yankers hahaha wtf
tommrow is going to be sweet
fun night last night!
im ready for a nap!
workith woohoo          
excited c:
sweet fish for dinner? i think um yes
"you tube time, love "
watching all the  invader zim episodes c:
bed
not really sure how i feel today
thinking wayy to much
painting all day c:
          hmmm idk what to think or what to do work at 6 smile 0
i think im going 2 sit in my bath tub and paint c:
"i think i had a pretty good sat  it was very chill c sad offee ,work,made a amazing dinner,painted in the bath tub 4 ever,some texting,and watched paranormal activity 2 with my roomie now possibly time 4 bed "
excited about tommrow not excited about the 8 am wake up  sad 
today so far has been good c:
i know tht every 1 is super stoked about <propfirst> bieber getting shot but sadly hes still going to be making his horrible music  sad 
bed
nothing
the rain killed my yellow spring adventure  sad  o well grandmas house tonight and drivers test in the am c:
i think this weather is going to kill my plans 2 days in a row sad  but on the bright side i got hired at lowes c:
cant sleep  sad 
669 days til the zombies attack  psbtw wind chimes suck when there out side of ur window at 2 am and u just wanna sleep but the wind just wants to blow     ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding   just saying
cell is broken  annoyed  needless to say im droping off the planet for a week or 2 
nap time i feel crappy   sad 
feeling better
working at lowes tommrow c: sad i have to leave o conners ive been there 4 ever!
angry that my new smart phone is smarter then me lol
yay got my cello stuff b working text me with your name so i can add you to my contacts again
hates when people update me about how great jesus is on face book
clumsy today
i never have ne idea what's going on
off to the wall mart
bed  love 
busted my lip with a roll of duck tape yeah i'm sweet
today
bed possibly hanging with beethoven tomorrow and junk like that
making brownies yum
watching adventure time then going to bed   yeah i'm cool like that
can't sleep
bed then some work in the am woohooo get some lol!
wake up !lol
"<propmale> marley,\    thank you\ love  mozart"
off to work then home to go back to bed yay sunday
today is a club house day
crime stoper
off work
bball day!
whats on your mind?     way to much for 1:50 am
season 2 of my life as <propfemale>  love 
wasn't really prepaired for a goast attack but guess what it happend
had a sweet saint patyys day
it make more sense if your swype language is in english
just had a good girls game night 3 hrs til work time to power nap c:
woo awake for work      ugh
i smell like cow poop and i have a wiked sun burn   nice
im not ready wake up
"cut my finger working a 12 hour day     o yesh guess who loves sunday     not this lady c,"
going to the store woo hoo
fun night last night working on making today another sweet day
"watching \teen mom 2\"" on mtv com  join me in chat: http annoyed  soc li 4qnoy9z"""
im so cool i watch j shore
good night with family and roomies
had a good ladys night
organization sucks takes to long
i was wearing shorts yesterday and now its snowy¿
1of the people i live with is getting his ass shaved by the other 1 no homo?
excited about tommrow
shower clean room work fun night=my day today
pretty sure i saved a life just saying
nappy mc nap nap please
opening tommrow i can't wait to be at work at 7 am lol c:
woo hoooo time to get my work on c:
energy drinks make me pee more then usally  do= bad plan
