679dd6940a0e007e9d41579323edd2f1
"\&& all these \""ands\"" are totally excessive and unnecessary \"" -<propmale> benoit"""
"attention females: <propmale> benoit is looking for a lady friend  he's a suave kind of guy  he's presentable to the parents, can go to the frat parties, and you can take him to bed "
i've got my copy of pihkal  now time to finally get some sleep 
"bored    i lost my hippo, do you know where he is? & what is this whole \rain\"" thing? it sucks!"""
"lemme scrape my eyes off the road because i've been staring at the path in front of me for too long, what a beautiful sight!  laugh ddd"
"my eyes thirst to see something incredible, something new, or just people"
what is on my mind!? fruity tooties!! with a hint of cinnamon stanky dankies!
wonderful day today! happy easter to all! the easter smurf gave me a block  laugh dddd
"sleepy time yay  gonna be at home all day tomorrow, hit me up?"
"i will be super productive today! clean, clean, clean!"
"cowboy killaz!! goin to bed, start school tomorrow  now i'll have stuff to do "
"\revenge is ice-cream\"""""
"i have found a new something, an amazing something, a something that is screaming \hey fuckers!! im right here!!\"" but still nobody notices it """
i have the worlds best little sister ever!! coffee is also awesome 
"bored as hell, anyone wanna do something, i have no ride  sad "
the human mind is the most wonderful thing ever!!!
finally got my neon chucks! science is cool  haha
"i havent been living, until now of course!!! organic chemistry makes me whole  what have you been doing with your mind? current project: producing 5-meo-dmt  does anybody have any suggestions???"
"feelin sick as hell, prolly stayin home from school tomorrow   sad "
taking a pill that i wish would kill  thats only wishfull thinking  i feel imprisoned by simply existing 
"do the world a favor, stop cutting your arms and slit your throat "
"i've made my way out of the relapse realm, and in one piece too  living off of memories   "
"its 420 ya'll, and <propfirst> dixon is staying sober  smile "
"why the hell do people celebrate on this day?  in actuality, its a rather not so joyous day  hitler was born and the columbine shooting happened  yay? i dont think so "
emmancipate yourselves from mental slavery  none but ourselves can free our minds 
"nothing in life is guaranteed, except the fact that the universe is a multi-colored penguin "
"after a long day of doing a whole lotta nothing, i'm ready to hit the sack  good night to all "
"you're gonna die  and i'll be at the court to tell your mother why  she found her son with a knife in his chest  she found her son with a bullet in his head  my bad, i didnt mean to ruin your reputation "
"just finished watching \a clockwork orange\""  its a really fuuuuccked up movie  i suggest it if you're into weird cheap movies that are over 25 years old  goin to bed """
"our paths brought us together, as they have torn us apart  you're still a precious treasure that i hold dearly in my heart "
"i'll have you know that i'm not going to stop trying, no matter how stacked the odds are against me  i'm simply being me and i'm just following my heart  talk is cheap yo "
"holy shit, i just realized that my birthday is on sunday!!!! only 4 days!!! where the hell did the time go??? 0_o"
"driving that train, high on cocaine, <propfirst> jones is ready, watch your speed  trouble ahead, trouble behind, and you know that notion just crossed my mind   smile "
nothing to do today   annoyed 
"ahhhh, the weekend has finally arrived  need stuff to do!"
"i lost the game, and i have absolutely nothing to do, talk?"
18 years old today!!! it certainly doesnt feel like im any older though haha  need stuff to do now   smile 
bored                peacin' out 
i love mother earth and of her beauty  oh what a wonderful day it has been!
"although i love mother nature alot, i really hate the fact that im allergic to her flowers in the spring   sad "
today has been a good one  now i must do stuff to get that money >$<
"came up with a new acronym  its not just plur anymore  its plurvert  peace, love, unity, respect, voice, equality, responsibility, tranquility  good huh?"
is a plurvert
"to the system we are all born slaves, only to be freed when we approach our graves \as individuals, we e playful erience exclusion, find others and join together to crush the illusion "
"life is indeed a mysterious thing, it brings joy and sorrow, pleasure and pain, and love and hate  when we learn to accept all of life we can begin to learn about life itself "
"forestry report on phalaris arundinacea; aka <propmale> canary grass  thats right, im kool "
missed the pre-sale on project earth tickets  sad  have to fork over $70 now  it will be worth it though!
"not going to project earth festival anymore, change of plans  im all sorts of stoked for certain upcomings events "
"particle physics gives me a \hadron\""  wink """
i is teh smurfanator  and i'm bored and sittin' at home 
"this might be your two years ago, but this pain is mine forever  living well just wasnt good enough, i wanted my revenge "
"rest in peace <propfirst> <propfirst> dio, you will be missed greatly "
"weather changes moods, sell the kids for food  spring is here again  reproductive glands "
prescription got upped! adderall ftw! doin hella tons o' shit
"beautiful day today, so go outside and enjoi  smile "
"cant sit still, too stoked  smile "
"my weekend plan did work out but no sweat, the storm blew over and the sun is raging  laugh "
super tired but too lazy to go to bed  wtf?
hempin'  smile 
laying in grass under a tree enjoying the breeze  i love earth 
weather is bomb! take a walk you a c freaks!
"went to an extremely small na meeting tonight and it was bomb! this rain is epic, it causes all sorts of bad crap  how about a near death e playful erience for starters?"
frantic as hell! things have to be as perfect as possible!
this weekend officially blows! had alot of awesome shit set up and now theres nothing  yay for boredom 
not letting you fuck with me anymore   smile 
na meeting was swell! going again with <propfirst> on friday  i love life  smile 
"i've done all i can, and i've still been cast aside  \all i ever wanted to be was be the one who would wipe those tears from your eyes  \but i guess i'll play second best, to a world that will never care about you  \you'll never understand you're just another pretty face\you'll tell me that you care, and then run straight back to him  \i can hear your voice of treason from a mile away "
anyone want to do shit over the summer?? lets make some plans!  laugh 
ramen noodles  laugh 
"last day of school today! im so not looking forward to it, seeing that im not sleeping right now, im sure it will be most interesting "
yay! done with school  now i will enjoy my 6 days of vacation before summer school starts  hahaha 
time to clean! haha 
"stoked as hell for tuesday! i hope everything goes according to plan this time, because another post-ponement would be a huge bummer "
sitting in east <propfemale> is probably the most boring thing on the face of the earth  will somebody please rescue me?
at summer school having the time of my life! (not really) i lost the game 
beautiful day today! going to na tonight  hopefully gobbles is able to make it 
stuck between a rock and a hard place   annoyed 
new zealand is where its at!
people with low iqs need to stop trying to talk to me when im conversing with other humans because all they do is shit all over our collective conscience!
"bitch, i am the <propfemale>'s knees "
i fucking love blue's clues!  smile 
na tonight was great  we now have a thursday night meeting as well! bomb diggity meh niggity  smile 
33 5 hours and still going 0_0
"fuck man, i'm pooped  going to bed now "
after getting my 4 hours of sleep i'm feeling quite refreshed 
cleaning  again! i took a coma of a nap and im ready to go 
waiting on edge for a response  my plans for tomorrow depend on it   annoyed 
going to burnsville tomorrow to kick it with <propfirst>  wooohoooo!  smile 
at the mall of <propfemale> with <propfirst> and <propfemale>   smile 
"on the light rail, going to target field to get on the northstar train! pretty stoked "
"my day was amazing! spent 9 hours with <propfirst> and <propfemale> and i enjoyed every second of it  hanging out at the moa is great, i went to beadniks and got me a new incense burner and some incredible incense  i love life   smile "
had an awesome 4th of july with dreww  roamed the streets for hours!!
intelligence is freedom  the mother of intelligence is alert-awareness 
"enemies eve \burn to believe \guns in the ground are all i see \love, liars, thieves;\all targets to me \jaws at my heels mean nothing to me \knives at your throats;\all that i see \don't doubt me \i am vengeance,\i'm built for war "
swamped with essays for summer school with only 2 days left  annoyed 
finally got my meds so now i dont have to be stuck in a coma  hahaha  going to my moms to celebrate my brother's birthday 
frisbee golfin'  smile 
na meeting was incredible tonight! its just unfortunate that <propfirst> couldn't make it though  i got my 90 day medallion too  haha   smile 
very bleak day indeed  been pwning n00bz all day long  haha 
stayed up all night and gave <propfirst> a tatto and it looks fucking awesome!  laugh 
lately life has been quite bleak for me  spending all day in bed and on the interweb isn't very exhiliarating  i wish i were with my family =[
"standing on the corner with kalishnikov, ohhhh shit, here comes the military cops! haha "
she blinded me with science! haha 
going to big lake to kick it with <propmale> and <propfemale>  laugh 
"i've done nothing wrong, yet, reality has found a way to attack my spirit through my friends "
"people disappoint us  forgive and forsake; those are our two options  those who care forgive, and those who don't, they forsake  be the bigger person "
"i can see the end of your road and it doesn't look so great  i'm willing to help you open your eyes before its too late  i love you dearly, you're family to me  i know that once you get back on your feet, once again, you'll be able to see "
oppressed by tyranical conservatives 
"<propfirst>, just go home already, please  you're doing more damage than you realize "
hope my sister is okay  got my gallbladder removed  got my pillz  haha 
p
enjoying my little gizmo  haha
"\zombie farm; intensely addicting; the most fun you'll have without a foursome\""~ <propfirst> dixon's unspoiled opinion magazine"""
"shit is falling apart and i don't like it one bit  at this rate, i'll be homeless in no time  oh and for you, good luck with fixing your life because i'm done trying to help you "
watching drunks stumble down the street makes me laugh because i know that my life doesn't suck as much as theirs does 
oh so bored  does anyone want to converse about completely random things which pertain to absolutely nothing? because i sure do 
lcd sound system is probably the best thing i've heard all week 
"boy am i bored  does anyone want to like, do something? keep in mind that i'm completely broke, but don't let that stop you!  laugh "
just another bland day out here in the boonies  it would be nice to hangout with people 
"i think that by playing way too many zombie games, i'm priming my brain in a way that zombies would find it to be delicious  it is weird to think this thought, but i don't care because it's awesome "
narwhals
sleep is for chumps 
"emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds "
i'm totally digging the temperature drop  it feels sooooo good!  laugh 
"blasting some emmure through ye ol' sound system with the windows open in this 50 degree weather, hoping that someone calls the cops on me for disturbing the peace  haha "
feeling pretty musical right now  creativity ftw!
"april 26, 1992, there was a riot in the streets, now tell me, where were you?"
third day of school and i've only been there for the first one  fuck oversleeping man!
this day has been pretty fuckin' narwhal! met some legit folk down at st  <propfirst> and did a bunch of other random shit  haha 
"i am the lorax, i speak for the trees "
i need some muh fuckin' yarn! makin' a scarf for my sisterrrrr  smile 
"i would never bother you if i didn't care, but since i do care, i bother you about it a lot  always&forever "
"just saw a 6'2\ black and an asian midget who are dating eachother!  laugh """
"i'm just about ready to shut off all my connections with the world  no matter how hard or much i try, the end result is always the same; a waste of my time  doing good unto others only does damage to me  dropping some acid seems like an awesome idea right now because i definitely need some enlightenment in my life "
"i've seen what i couldn't see before, and i owe it all to a guy named <propmale> young "
"no remorse, no regret  i never cared for what it meant  another day, another death  another sorrow, another breath "
feelin' pretty fucking sick right now  i miss homeee  sad 
"so with the combined absence of both my adderall and effexor, i'm pretty much just a dysfunctional zombie who can't even be lazy  i'm glad i got my pills again  life without amphetamines is a life not worth living "
"in the garage, i feel safe  no one cares about my ways  in the garage where i'm alone  no one hears me sing this song "
productive day today  now it's time to relax and maybe chill with people 
"whatever tomorrow brings, i'll be there, with open arms and open eyes "
i'm going to stab your god in the face with my <propmale>  i'll show them who's almighty 
incompetence is an unfortunate disease in this age 
finished making my plumberry hat  crocheting ftw!
"with my extremely fashionable plumberry hat, i will get all of teh beautiful womenz!  laugh "
"bored as fuck  i want to go somewhere exciting and awesome, somewhere that i can have sex, run around department stores, and hangout with people all at the same time! that would be great  haha "
"the enormous tumbleweed of energy within me is telling me to fuck, and i totally agree with it "
i just helped <propfirst> earn money by switching to meth! haha
"crazy fucking night! homecoming was wet and cold, but everything else was fucking awesome! <propfirst> berndt is a funny mother fucker  nuff said "
just got assaulted for stating that the christian god was a fairytale character  my face hurts 
got kicked out of my parents house  spending the night at <propfirst>'s then at <propmale>'s until whenever 
"job hunting blows  i need something to do this weekend  maybe i'll go to the library, or see the doctor or something "
"wasting away in an apartment in <propmale> lake with <propmale>  its so fun! its better than meth, you should try it "
"the roar of the lion rumbles through the earth  waves of terror run down through your spine  he stopped the world with one final scream  left for dead, we bond for a <propmale> to survive "
"pay attention to what i'm about to say  this is a true confession  mother, i killed someone today "
"your carreer is flipping, so do me a favor  the next time you see her, ask your girl what my <propmale> tastes like "
"i see that you're wearing your fresh skin today  it doesn't matter though, because i can see down to your bone baby  there's nowhere to hide in a room full of eyes "
"i stand before you as a sinner  a mother fucking heathen dragged face first down the road of a treason  bound for the bowels of hell, i'm always one step out of reach from the hand of god "
"i'm humoured by the immaturity of some people  enough with the gossip, go grope yourselves  oh and you can drown in your drama too  fuckheads     "
"once upon a time back in treatment, there was a kleenex box that read \boner jam\"" on it's underside  i just randomly thought of this  haha """
happy halloween! hollow weenies  lulz 
"<propfirst> berndt: \i actually had fun without being fucked up! i'm fucking surprised \"""""
woke up at 1 smile 0 yet again  i've begun the awesomeness of my another boring day
everyone is afraid to talk someone 
going to the movies  smile 
nownownownownow i'm feeling so fried like cheesestick 
"<propfirst> at the gas station: \do you have any blunts?\"" lulz """
sitting at <propfirst>'s house watching him eat his hand 
"my name is vladimir  i have no soul  thank you kgb, you've made me ruthless "
made a deal with <propfirst> stein tonight  i'm getting overly heterosexual pink siding 
trollskin dildo  no soul  <propfemale> v 
"\brown sugar and cinnamon pop-tarts  check  yogurt  check  peanut butter  check  it's time to grub \"""""
third day of school in row  i've got a good thing going here 
<propmale> potter time at midnight!
<propmale> potter and the deathly gallows was epic! and i just woke up from my slumber 
imastaytrollin4life 
"dear family tree application,\fuck you  you're annoying "
happy thanksgiving everyone! what are you thankful for?
"and i know shouldn't just throw it all down the drain,\but she fucking deserved it, for every thing she did to me  \getting away with murder is probably the hardest thing to do  \i hope i get a good lawyer or else i'm calling my brother screaming \where are you!?\"""""
"roses are dead \violets are too \my only regret is that i didn't kill you "
got a haircut!
taking lines of dextro off ye old chess board with <propfirst> stein  insnuffalated!
dubmotherfuckingstep
i've slept enough for a lifetime  the after effects are inhibiting productivity 
excision: shambhala 2010 raped my mind 
"the bass, oh the bass  let it melt my fucking face!"
"please send eggs of sillyputty to 224 grove rd  east <propfemale>, minnesota 55092  i'm making another wad "
i want to change the world by opening the minds of others  open-mindedness is key for revolutionary development  lysergic acid diethylamide; you are the catalyst 
the snow storm was beautiful when swinging at the park at 3am   laugh 
acidic 
"i said ooh girl\shock me like an electric eel\baby girl\turn me on with your electric feel "
"i'm feeling rough, i'm feeling raw, i'm in the prime of my life \let's make some music, make some money, find some models for wives \i'll move to <propfirst>, shoot some heroin and fuck with the stars \you man the island and the cocaine and the elegant cars "
"sex, drugs, and dubstep "
left my phone on the bus  lame  annoyed 
time; there's never enough of it 
each 24 hour cycle seems like an eternity wasted 
"5-methoxy-dimethyltryptamine will become a schedule i drug as of january 19, 2011  our government is really shitting on us "
the lunar eclipse was beautiful  it would have been better if the freakin' skies were clear so i could have seen it without the help of nasa  the <propfemale> is so invigorating!
biochemistry or psychology?
"how i wish, how i wish you were here \we're just two lost souls\swimming in a fish bowl, \year after year,\running over the same old ground \what have we found\the same old fears \wish you were here "
"how long must i curse your name\and put your beliefs to shame\before you prove yourself\and end this life?"
"<propmale> benoit: \i'm feeling depressed  let's go to mcdonalds' \"""""
"<propmale> lake is a black hole that you cannot escape from  it's occupied by mostly egotistic, hillbilly, incompetent fucks "
females who are considered fake: talk to me  i'm in the mood  trollalldaylong
"anyone want to like, do shit today? stuff like hangout, party, fuck, etc "
attention girls who turn into total whores when drunk: i will trade lots of alcohol in exchange for sexual favors  kthxbai 
"i really want to go to the excision, downlink, and antiserum show on 2 4  50,000 watt pk sound system  can you say orgasm?"
almost certain i'm dead
text 7634436420  go!
"spam the fuck out of me, harrass me, troll me  i don't care  i'm bored  also, does anyone have a bunch of boxes? i'm building a castle "
"cyber bullying hurts others \so wtf are you waiting for!? go make people wanna kill themselves!"
"if a woman says something in the woods, with nobody around to hear her, is she still wrong?"
"rrreeeeewoppp rrreeeeewoppp\rewrewrewrewrewoppppppppp\\^dubstep^"
"1 ) find group of fag haters protesting \2 ) make signs that contradict theirs \3 ) stand amongst their group\4 ) call each and every one of them faggots \5 ) ???????\6 ) profit "
"you know how facebook has those sponored ads in the right column? well i keep getting <propfemale> alert ads  \no good at all \they're on to me man "
\what are the differences between <propfirst> zuckerberg and i? i give private information on corporations to you for free, and i'm a villain \679dd6940a0e007e9d41579323edd2f1,imma chargin mah laz0r!
"killer cough, massive migrain, and a full-body ache  yep, i'm pretty sure that i'm sick as fuck   annoyed "
"seconds from the end  when's it gonna be? pull the trigger, bitch "
"from the depths i've risen  i've come to take your lives, another step closer to death  only the strong survive "
"now you want to talk about coming clean \give up the ghost, give up the dream \i hear them screaming beyond the trees \they're screaming \why!?\"""""
interwebz  finally 
it feels like it's friday  strange weekend 
jai guru deva om 
"it's been so long, i've been out of my body with you \i feel alone, feel at home, feel like nothing is true "
"a tight tye-dye dress she was a psychadelic mess \we toured to the north, south, east, and west\we sold some mushroom tea, we sold some ecstasy, we sold nitrous, opium,\acid, heroin, and pcp "
"hallowed be who <propmale> in heaven, i refuse to call that fucker by name "
"everytime you justify, another good in you dies "
"pull out your eyes and stare\with your hands, at your share "
"sell the kids for food, weather changes moods \spring is here again  reproductive glands "
i'm human after all 
welcome to the cool side of the pillow 
it's time for a change 
she called me captain  i dragged her into the deepest seas 
"evil s i yes to find a shore,\a beach that doesn't quiver anymore,\where we can crush some plants and paint my walls,\and i don't have to fight in the weekend wars "
"as the sun begins to set, i cannot find my way back  walking with my eyes on fire, i'll never find the payback "
positive vibes d00d 
"incredible weekend \\sooo much cute sauce\"""""
"ladies and gentlemen, for those of you who are frightened easily, we suggest you turn away now  for those of you who think they can handle it, we say welcome to the madhouse "
nothing's gonna change my world 
"great day  <propmale> out with <propfirst> hamlin  smile \got my script too  things are good!"
"it's a thursday morning  no sleep, going to school, things and stuff  it shall be a splendid day "
friday  crazy people time tonight  profit?
so unsure   annoyed 
another late night in the j-cave 
"<propfirst> jones, will you ever learn?"
"songbird, sweet and sour <propfemale>, and music is my aeroplane "
magic-chalk
"turtle love, bro "
one month with <propfemale> hamlin   smile 
