602bef6398eb5ad85cc9d634343e9182
i can't stop sneezing    
"the sneezy feeling is back   no actual sneezes, but that sneezy feeling    the one that makes you crazy     the one that feels like you dumped a crap ton of pepper in your nostrils     is back "
my predictions for 2011   
twilight zone and three stooges marathons happening  which should i choose?
thanks everyone for accepting the friends request  sorry for any confusion from my original profile 
please excuse me while i beat my head against the wall 
"get a call at 9 am from the school, you know it's going to be a bad day"
decided to deactivate the other account 
why must boy people be idiots?
mmmmm bacon! nom nom nom nom
laughing at people's court  assault with dog poop     such a train wreck 
just learned that digsby will allow me to both like and dislike something at the same time  possibly proof that the creators are female 
i hate it when we have technical difficulties due to the sites undergoing maintenance  it mean complaints will start rolling in 
"\i am pagan\"" has declared me a \""super pagan\"" where's my cape?"""
"is tired, but, can't nap  blah!"
"sometimes, thinsg on the internet scare me    "
"sometimes, my inability to spell scares me even more "
"the rattlettes are starting to try out solid foods   still aren't giving their mother any rest now, they're just little garbage disposals "
doesn't think you have to wear a pentacle to be considered pagan - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
rattlettes = better than cable
i require entertainment
managed to get a sunburn and a matching couch love seat all in the same day 
gonna wander off and watch 'the outer limits' and see if i can fall asleep without ambien tonight
"plan for sleeping without any ambien failed miserably    slept for two hours, now i'm up and not pleased about it "
"sleep, sleep, oh, how i want to sleep    yawn yawn     of course, if i lay down, my brain will decide it's time to be wide awake again    wonder how much i'll hurt myself if i fall asleep here   "
how the hell did an 'un-named' application end up on my recently used list? i haven't played with anything that didn't have a name 
time for bed?
new kitchen e playful eriment underway  lets hope it turns out good!
"it's just a melody\it bleeds in me\hard to believe\that i've let it go"
is wondering why i would send people penguins     - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
i guess my new neighbors don't sleep   yay for people that wander back n forth from 2 am until the sun comes up    think i'll have to take an ambien to get any sleep tonight 
anyone in the area want a rattlette?
char sui and veggie stir fry for dinner tonight    the kids are already glaring at me 
i just decided    i want the same color hair as the char <propfemale>
the kid who likes green stuff is now picking all of the broccoli out of the pan to finish it off before i can get anymore stir fry   
playing with hair dye
decided to cut my hair    fun times
facebook can be educational  i now know what a 'duck face' is   thanks bran person 
has heartburn    not fun
sparkly vampires and pre pubescent werewolves is so not my thing 
"hey guys, i'm not going to have internet access this upcoming month, if you want an email addy or phone number to catch me, send me a message "
getting ready to have limited internet access in july  message me for other contact info
watching a few old episodes of criminal minds    yay for shows about profiling
sets up rust covered spikes and hopes to see a few twilight fans fall on them
"quick reminder guys, internet is going bye bye in the next day or so, message me if you want contact info "
destroyed the kitchen and made eggrolls   
just figured out how to use my phone to log in on here
wishes that there was a way to only see updates from my favorite ppl when checking in by phone
looks like its gonna be a really long day 
thinks it would be fantabulous if the univesal remote had a button to mute the children
watching aliens in the attic with the kids
"watchin fast and furious  not sure whats hotter, vin or his car"
"for all of you who havent realized it yet, the werewolf from twilight is sharkboy  do you feel like perverts yet?"
lmao! guess whats on the disney channel
figured out that i can see mystics from my phone  i cant respond to anything though
maybe its good that i cant respond  since the only thing i want to ask is if that member rides the short bus
anytime someone leaves the site   i get blamed  i cant even spond
we finally have our own  com! check it out! paganmystics com
just got to the clinic  might be here for awhile 
omg! the monsters are gassy and they want to stand in the hall to let em rip! so the air spreads the foulness through the house 
"if i can get fb right now, then why cant i get to my email?"
i hate my landlady today
watchin sea hunt
its starting to get hot  uggh    cant wait for morning to be over
guess i missed the asshat invasion earlier
watching the invention of lying
haha! the man in the sky is an evil bastard
too hot out there  want to crawl into the freezer
cable box is being retarded   yelling at it doesnt seem to be working
stop the ride  im ready to get off
so bored right now 
"dear ___, i hate your stinkin guts"
you make me vomit
you are the scum between my toes
wants to know what everyones fav cartoons are
think before you link  dont share the bs fb give aways on my wall
<propfirst> nelson=james bond of the sea
"the bitch is back, and she's not happy"
so    who missed me?
"ning networks are offline now, hope that takes care of the confusion"
"in the middle of playing one of the mind jolt games, finished off the level, and what happens    an add pops up     play a bit longer, three levels later, another add pops up    mind jolt games, i'm disappointed in you "
wondering if it's time to wander off
"a cross upon her bedroom wall \from grace she will fall \an image burning in her mind \and between her thighs "
dear <propfirst> @ comcast  ou are a fucktard and have no business working in customer service
"has this ever happened to you? someone you were friends with for years and lost touch with finds you on the computer, you realize that they are fucktarded to the 10th power, and you wonder, was i ever that stupid?"
has anyone heard of or used scribd? i keep getting messages about it to the mystics gmail and i'm curious
"don't take ambien while sitting at the computer, it leads to typing nonsence"
"extremely bored  also, not liking the applications and time wasters that i normally enjoy to keep me occupied  anyone have any suggestions?"
don't be a bitch and throw rocks at the coconuts
still open to suggestions and recommendations about the games and applications on here  bored
"fell asleep for 2 and a half hours, awake now  sleep not working so good anymore    will have to try again later "
"i don't think i like the way the \like\"" system works on fb  if i decide to like something", it doesn't automatically mean that i want to subscribe to a page or feed about that topic  \602bef6398eb5ad85cc9d634343e9182,"fucktard, reject, ass clown!"
i find it highly entertaining when i have to keep hitting the refresh button because a comment status message is getting massive comment action 
"sparked quite a bit of controversy on the pagan mystics <propfemale> with the question, who in their right mind would join a group called 'sexual offenders'  \\anyone here interested in sharing their thoughts?"
gonna wander off and get a nap
"what have you ever denied? \because you're just the one that had it all\while i'm just the dice in your hands\and no, it's not easy"
kicks tumblr in the nuts
"sometimes, i'm the smart one"
blah   yahoo im was spamming
"hmmm    feels like crap, but that might be because i'm tired  the weather here has gone nuts"
witches source (twitter) is tweeting about the 21 lessons of <propmale>    have people not realized yet that book is craptacular?
making cholesterol for dinner
wondering what kind of random stuff i can do with the blog
think it's time to wander off to sleep
"why pretend that you're someone else when you're on fb, just because family members may or may not see content or opinions that they might not agree with?"
it amazes me that i don't even have to leave the front yard to piss the world off 
"there is no reason to respond to your stupidity, you keep it going all by yourself and it amuses me "
"if anyone has a cure for the plague, please let me know  (allergies congestion chest and head)"
"so tired of the 5,000 groups dedicated to making sure that fb users know that witches, pagans, and druids are not evil    i mean seriously, if you're evil does that mean that you can't join one of those clubs?"
"covered self in vapor rub, taken two different types of allergy meds, and have had 100 cough drops     hopefully this will make some progress in killing the mucus and stopping the cough   "
oldest child is teasing the rats   
my 10yr old thinks he's old enough to have a girlfriend   
is anyone else getting error messages when they try to go to applications and games?
i'm not a fan of the new set up when it comes to requests for applications and games    why should i have to see it on both the right and left of the screen?
you're such a drama <propfemale>
"i like it on the floor, underneath the chair "
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? leave me a comment then copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you have to put this in your status  fair is fair )"
something bit me   wish i knew what it was so i could get it back 
working out the ideas in my head for the pp blog
"today, i liked it on the couch, on the hood of the car, and on the ground outside "
has a case of the sneezies
"fill in the blank annoyed \when i bite into a dork peppermint <propfemale>, i get the sensation of___________________"
spent the last 3 hours doing dinosaur research with the 12 year old    now she's refusing to go write the actual paper     can i kill her?
"realizes that if a mob of angry srapbooking junkies attacks, she brought it on herself with the last blog on the practical pagan "
"so what if you're christian and so what if i'm not  changing your status message to 'test' people on your friends list is fucktarded  \\why can't people be secure in their beliefs without belittling everyone else's  \\lastly, playing who's the better christian on facebook is pretty damned pointless "
i'm tired of the school district and their dress code to make children conform
is hiding from kidnappers
the rats smell like waffles
please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed onthe death <propfemale> when it was destroyed by the rebel alliance  my wish is that people will understand that the rebels are a band of murdering scum  the empire wants to bring unity to the galaxy but the rebels       continue to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?
peanut butter and jelly sammich = rat crack
"ok, i don't feel good, so, it's comfort food for dinner  chilli cheese fries"
everyone stop! look to your right! whatever object is there is your designated weapon in the upcoming zombie apocalypse! comment on this post and tell me what it is! then repost this as your status and see the crazy things people get!!
watching one of the cheesiest horror flicks in the history of horror flicks
"when people post status messages asking 'when will i have a day without drama?' i want to respond by saying, when you stop letting the 'drama' affect you "
quit being an attention whore
"neato, found a mutated mousie"
"been watching a free preview of japan tv     realized, they're not putting up subtitles, so i have to pretend i know what's going on     pretty damned entertaining "
boy people amuse me
"*s* *a* *f* *e* *t* *y*\\safety dance!"
watching pulp fiction
fucking crack whores
how important is baking soda to cookies?
"ok, so, i found a something awesome to watch on tv  \dead set\"" on ifc """
"awesome new post on magical symbolism over on mystics, you should all check it out "
watching reservoir dogs
watching boondock saints
getting ready to do laundry
the lunatic is in the grass
is bed time       wandering off now
"get your game face on because it's time to play-bring the violence, disturbed"
not a fan of how the news feed and status feed looks now  i don't need everything to be bolded 
"dear facebook, the home <propfemale> set up is lame, put it back the way it was"
"i wanna break everything\i wanna make it sting\we're gonna wake up hate\we're gonna wake it up"
blt time! oh wonderous bacon tastic sammich
made kung pow chicken for dinner
looking for a mathmagician bff for f u 
children with mp3 players = instant headache 
emcumbered forever by desires and ambitions
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have been eaten by dragons or don't believein dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire    extinguishers, whilst the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this "
"such a glutton for punishment, have a head throbby that is sensitive to light right now    so, what do i do? sit in the dark with sunglasses on so i can play on facebook"
lmao    i'm going to bed   
wondering which stage of life i'm in   
off to bed    i'll terrorize you all tomorrow
"sometimes i feel alone in a million crowd\an outsider wandering alone without"
"just because the messenger says i'm here, doesn't really mean anything  i leave it on and wander away   all the time"
"it might be nap time, kinda sleepy but not sure if i'll be successful"
decided to try making banana bread
"ya know when an image just jumps out at you, and then you spend the next few hours looking stuff up, or trying to find more information? yeah    i'm doing that right now"
i think i'm possibly going to start flinging things   
where are all the recons at?
damn i made a good pork loin for dinner  i rock
"woke up to the sound of pouring rain \the wind would whisper and i'd think of you\and all the tears you cried, that called my name\and when you needed me i came through"
"come on, come on, come on, come on\now touch me baby"
"baking question, is there a substitute for nutmeg, or    can it be omitted without screwing up the out come too much?"
"we <propmale> misprinted lies\ we face the path of time \and yet i fight and yet i fight \this battle all alone \no one to cry to \no place to call home"
normal? really?
"tried another shortbread recipe, this one turned out great"
"got bored, so i decided to start cooking the turkey"
happy turkey devouring day
"only have to worry about making the mashed tatos, gravy, and cranberry sauce tomorrow   everything else is taken care of "
uh-oh    disabled the other profile before doing something    guess i have to try again   
turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey
think perhaps it's nap time   
let the massacre begin!
"hmmm     i've realized that the vegetabletarians might be feeling left out in the middle of the turkey massacre     sooo, happy sweet potato massacre to all of you "
"dear facebook, please stop putting twilight advertisements in the right hand column    twilight is moronic, vampires do not <propfemale> and werewolves should have more hair than that little boy "
"apparently, the key to getting the kids to go to bed without an argument, is to stuff them full of food     all day long "
"wandering off, think it's nap time"
some people on fb have multiple personalities 
"the short people aren't happy with me because i won't let them watch \fred\"" the movie again"""
"\ckass is no place for swearing or vibrating\"" - victorious"""
"abi was looking at the <propfemale>'s secret catalog    when i gave it to the neighbor she asked me why i gave it away, i said because you don't have boobies yet and mine are too big for anything in the catalog, she said, well, mine can grow and you can get boob surgery"
"watching <propfirst> bowie singing with bing crosby, interesting combination"
"confuzzled  why, and or how are these connections being made? what's it mean? why am i seeing them?"
lmao at people who change their faiths religious preference as often as they change their underwear
just got given a slightly used dresser and entertainment center    now rearranging things and trying to figure out where everything is going to fit 
angel has discovered the joys of inspector gadget 
"took in a homeless furry butt of the feline variety  he has an issue with clawing, anyone have any ideas on how to break him of the habit?"
"if you want to borrow the phone, get off your lazy ass and come use it instead of sending your kid over to whine  thanx"
"no, you're not allowed to grow up, stop that!"
off to play with hair bleach
"post bleaching, really surprised, it doesn't look all that bad    now i'm playing with the pink stuff"
everybody knows that i want to rule the world 
the boy child has discovered house of pain    he's jumping around now 
"lmao, the boy is singing along to songs on the mp3 player, he's only getting 5% of the words right "
"i had to repost this \\copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone or have heardof someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone or even ifyou've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copythis  it's important to spread the message \   and the hearts! ?????? for fuck's sake, don't forget the fucking hearts! ??????"
has a ginormous blister on my toe  new shoes are eeeeeevil
overly bored right now
rearranging furniture and stuffs
kids are watching the ninja warrior marathon  its nap time 
running a cookie factory right now  my keeblerian demons are demolishing more product than is actually making it into our christmas gift tins  i think this would be better off left til they go to bed 
just finished making some crispy treats  waiting to make the shortbreads til after the kids go to sleep 
"lmao, my sister saw 'she who shall not be named' commenting on a mutual friends status, so she messaged \she who shall not be named\"" and asked if she was the girl that her sister had <propmale> out with in highschool  \",602bef6398eb5ad85cc9d634343e9182,the kids found the 'usher' cd     now they're listening to 'yeah' over and over    
"you could do it with a shuffle\you could do it with a stroll\you could do it with a stride\you could do the unknown\on a walkabout"
"lets chug on over to namby pamby land, you jackwagon!"
the guy outside scraping paint is bugging me  too early for that much noise
what ginourmous crack pipe have you people been sucking on? -house
cleaning the house and rocking out to lc
"december 13: emberrorist\ \a radical who employs the potential to embarass others as a political weapon  contrary to terrorist who uses fear "
guess i have new neighbors  just don't know why they waited til after 9pm to start moving stuff in   
"lmao, me and the boy just had battle of the sticky hands    lots of fun"
kinda tired of not being able to fall asleep at night
long day ahead and all i want to do is take a nap 
"trying to decide if i should whack myself with a frying pan, or just take a sleeping pill "
cooking the boy's birthday turkey    apple crisp is in the oven   
"turkey turned out great, just wish i could pay someone to clean the kitchen now "
please stop raining so i can send the demons outside tomorrow!
time to find the frying pan  catch everyone later 
wandering through the class catalog that will be available for the spring semester at the college    there are a few interesting possibilities 
the clouds need to go away so that i'll be able to see the eclipse     they can take the rain with them
"december 20: shatner commas\ \oddly placed commas that don't seem to serve any actual purpose in punctuation, but make it look like you should take odd pauses, as <propfirst> shatner does when delivering lines \this is what shatner commas look like annoyed \when, we get to, the restaurant, we should, order some, tasty, beverages "
running back n forth to see the eclipse  too cold to stay outside for the duration
watching tv with the demon spawn  they have some skewed views on certain commercials
"the boy child asks, mom, can we get one and will you tie me to it? #cross of devotion"
the boy woke me up by turning on disturbed and handing me bacon  wonderful way to wake up 
"was uploading a video of the demon spawn dancing    the little one say, she doesn't want anyone to see it   "
"watching <propfemale> with the kids, passing on the dark and twisty to the young"
omg! found a show called bacon paradise!
the druids mom makes the best peanut butter fudge! e playful eriencing fudge overload
car alarms going off every 10 <propfemale>  looks like its going to be a noisy night 
is there a term for people who find animated characters attractive?
"sitting at the doc office, might be here all day since im a walk in "
there are some crazy fuckers in the office today 
you are lame
"made a peach crisp, turned out really well, but i still hate peaches "
making orange chicken for dinner    i so rock the kitchen
"what a day    i'm enjoying a whiskey sour now    mmmm, good "
what is the difference between broth and stock?
going to attempt to make home made tamales sometime this week  anyone have any tips tricks?
veiled insults in status comments make me giggle 
sautee'd <propfemale> is my new favorite smell!
watching the stand with the kids
"made tamales for the first time  kida a pain in the ass, but not as complicated as i thought it would be "
spawn like watching house of a nudist (anubis) on nickelodeon
"bacon makes everything better, blt for dinner, yay! comfort food "
made lasagna for dinner  kids loved it!
"just watched inglorious basterds, loved it"
b a c o n
watching 'killshot' 
"cable went out right before i was ready to go to sleep  end result, my brain became wide awake "
brainstorming with the youngest demon spawn  she has a project due on friday 
keep seeing people on my friends list adding those lil 'pic badges'   taggies to their profile pics    wondering if there is a badge for 'asshole'    i'd tag myself with that
being a pain in the druids ass  had to go pick a theme that i liked for the test site 
not sure what the problem is today  is it that i'm intolerant to stupidity? or is it that i'm so territorial that i automatically don't like new people?
@bandednagini what happened to make you want to start cutting out non essential components of your craft?
lol! rt @cloverquotes: god created war so that americans would learn geography  ~ <propfirst> twain
it's time for some mindless entertainment  going to go spend time with the dvr 
"milk and i are not exactly getting along right now, and i'm not sure i can live with soy milk   anyone have any suggestions?"
wake the fuck up and smell the <propfemale> nut crunch! -<propfirst> leary
is going to e playful eriment with tofu tonight  should be interesting 
"just finished watching 2012 with the demon spawn, they are as disturbed as i am  they kept cheering, yay, the world is doomed!"
"tri-tip, tatoes, and texas toast    yummi-fied dinner, have redeemed myself for cooking tofu yesterday "
omg   i can't believe i didn't think about it til now  i should have asked that random fb vampire if he was sparkly!
pork chops for dinner tonight  smells yummerful 
took a batch of chocolate chip cookies out of the oven just now  faith follin this is another non meat related food post 
i can't wait for the demon spawn to go to bed 
"got to run to the college, cross your fingers n toes n wish me luck that i can get it put together out there "
"had bacon on the brain all day thanks to someone tweeting this morning, had to make it for dinner "
price checking the bookstore for the books that i'll need to pick up    i think i'm gonna have a <propmale> coronary episode 
anyone have a conjuring spell to bring forth the text book <propfemale>?
we bbq'd tonight as the fog rolled in
"chasing down demon spawn to give them some cough medicine    end up feeling a sharp pain in my foot    look down, there are a pair of scissors hanging from my foot   "
pork loin with plum sauce and rice=omg this is tasty!
is done having an opinion about matters that happen in the news  people get way too emotionally involved and can't seem to separate themselves from these current events 
think it's time for some mindless entertainment   
i am now pissed the hell off    my child broke my favorite coffee cup    the one that kyz sent me   
"now i try again to find\the thing that was my mind\behold the undersigned\who said i've lost my mind"
is scheming    
looking for a flat bread recipe that doesn't need  yeast 
laughing at techno impaired asshats
decided to try some almond milk    not sure how i'm liking it
"i am a little more provocative then you might need,\it's your shock and then your horror on which i feed\so can you tell me what exactly does freedom mean,\if i'm not free to be as twisted as i wanna be"
"working on mystics, keeping busy, will have site news soonish"
spruz is so getting on my nerves 
"at the college, soaking up the wifi and playing with the new toy "
"oh, if i'd only known that there was a possibility i could get stuck at the school for an extended period of time, i would have prepared better"
is back home
"decided to download picasa to the computer, i think i'll be able to move the majority of the pics to an online album and free up some computer space "
anyone want to come mop the floor for me?
going to let the demon spawn play some games for a lil bit  i shall return
"the mcdonalds commerical about their coffee scares me  if people actually did that, i'd run screaming from the building "
"am i the only one thinking in the back of my mind that \no good can come of this\""?"""
wow    the boy child just imposed his own punishment    i find this very interesting 
just set up the site to allow people to log in with their facebook information
grocery shopping done     yay
"the monkey just got back home, it's still pretty quiet  hopefully it stays that way "
"just finished helping shiona format her paper up for english class, have i mentioned that i think the school has made word harder to use than it should be?"
"sitting in the library, soaking up some wifi, and laughing at the lil children"
ok   that instructor is an asshat!
"ohhh, good deal, wifi is also accessible from the snack bar, this means i can drink soda and play on my toy, mucho better than sitting in the library"
"the girl sitting caddy corner from me claims to be tired of drama, yet she's sitting in the library, multi-chatting with people, trying to jam 'em up and catch 'em in a lie    \seriously, if you're that tired of drama, why even bother with such things?"
"playing with yoono, looks pretty neat so far"
home again
i'm beyond ready for a nap
"oh, reading threads on the google chromebook forum and laughing, some of these posts are hilarious "
"wow    if you take a ginseng when you wake up, and then    drink and amp around 2pm    you bounce off of walls"
"omg! too funny!\\lets play a game, can you tell me who on my friends list i am quoting?"
"waiting for manager to come do yearly inspection, i hate hurry up and wait situations "
"tomorrow facebook will change its privacy settings to allow <propfirst> zuckerburg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening go to account ? home invasion settings ? cannibalism ? brains and un-check the \tasty\"" box  please copy and repost"""
"so, guess what i found at the store today      amp energy gum    this should be interesting "
"doing a self install of a new cable box and the new digital voice cable modem    successfully installed modem, having issues with the cable box "
"the boy child just punched himself in the junk, for no reason at all "
"got an email telling me i inherited 12 million american dollars    hope they can find my address, and bring me a really big check even if i did send the email to the spam folder   "
"i think the music choice, retro rock is my favorite music channel right now  have spent an hour with it on, and been singing along the whole time "
uugghhh    i'm so tired of waiting  ups needs to hurry up and bring me that damned router!
the monkey is singing along with miley montana
there are a few videos up on my <propfemale> featuring the spawn circus
"dear nascar, please stop changing people's <propfirst> so i know who the hell is in the car  thnx"
"they woke me up too early today, seriously feel extra laggy today  might have to take a nap "
11 to go
damned tires
nooooooooooooooo
ok    i'm not mad at the rookie 
"sister just brought the oldest demon spawn home  cooking dinner right now, kitchen got too hot to stand in "
"i read somewhere that revlon is making scented nail polish  i'm considering getting some, that way, when i kick someone in the face, they'll have a <propmale> to smell it "
"dinner is done, demon spawn are being fed! mostly happy spawn, the girls are arguing, as usual, the boy child is trying to eat everyone's chicken "
the boy child is walking around shouting about how awesome he is 
"have some laundry down at the laundry room now, i plan on really relaxing once that's done  i think i've re-cleaned the kitchen 5 times today "
"there was a <propfemale> had some spawn and she was really bored  b o r e d, b o r e d, b o r e d, and she was really bored"
to blog or not to blog   that is the question
"looking for some feedback  i'm blogging on  tumblr  now, but i have a previous blog over on wordpress    should i move the older posts from wordpress over to tumblr  and kill the older blog?"
there is a guy    he's sitting right over there     giggling to himself for no reason    
"this is for the 'pagan' flavored people on my friends list  \\stop bitching and complaining about the christians and their god  seriously, if that's  the best use of your time, then you're wasting it  \\and if you don't like my status message, kiss my ass!"
i need a surgeon to cut off my foot because its not mine
my primary email account got broken into by gremlins last night 
"with the exception of a pan that is soaking, the dishes are done! yeah     i know    lame status"
"i decided there were too many random names on my friends list, so, if i can't remember who someone is, or the last time i talked to them, i'm doing spring cleaning "
rt voldemort7: some see the glass as half full  i see the glass a projectile that can be hurled at someone's face when they're annoying 
rt @lord_voldemort7: your weird is my normal  deal with it 
who missed me?
i'm sneezy today    not cool
still trying to figure out what on the computer is making noise    phantom beeping and chimes are not comforting    makes you feel like the computer is planning to self destruct 
soaking up some wifi while 'shi' is in class
"'i don't need my jacket, i'm not going to catch a cold' demon spawn love to tempt fate "
wth? are all of the shows going to be spin-offs now?
"feeling slightly crap-tastic, think i spent too much time in the rain today "
moving furniture and stuff    not exactly fun
the 12 yr old spawn wants to know if i'm going to 'speed dial' the mule like its something dirty 
may have hurt myself moving those couches   may not be able to move once i relax 
"love fleetwood <propmale>, but, why has no one had an intervention on <propfirst>'s wardrobe yet?"
fluffy pink unicorns    
has anyone used the western union prepaid mastercard cards?
soccer    lets play soccer
wish i could run an electrical current through the kitchen window   
"extra tired today, that walk to the store kicked my butt"
"omg! facebook, i hate you! stop eating posts from my wall!"
goes back to being entertained
what happened to my entertainment?
"is feeling rather sickly, will try checking back later "
i forgot <propfirst> was in this movie 
"anyone who may have missed me yesterday, went to er, got pain meds and antibiotics, slept for remainder of the day "
"oh, the hilarity ensues    "
i do believe that it's time for me to go back to bed before my silly ass gets into trouble 
the oldest spawn wants to be the demon from the animal video for halloween this year
still feeling icky and i'm bored  people should stop waking me up 
watching 'heart: night as sky church' right now 
hiccups    
"found a <propfemale>, orange, passionfruit flavored green tea  smells amazing, great if you're a fan of green tea "
"watching 'the who, bbc electric proms' performance from 2006"
my eye is starting to twitch  not a good sign 
"cricket, i hate you right now for limiting my options on a new phone "
"just realized 'the warlock' is a member of mystics, wonder if it's <propfirst>?"
"hi ho hi ho, it's off to bed i go"
inappropriate humor    rt @hal9000_: has anyone thought to question godzilla? is he is suspect in japan?
waiting to see if i end up with the evil chicken virus  cut my finger while i was playing with raw poultry 
enjoy the silence? not really 
no more frozen burritos for me  they cause demonic possession of the stomach 
"you and i wake up in a house surrounded by man eating zombies  using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   four words is harder than you think      !"
"five deadly terms used by a woman: (1)fine-this is the word women use to end an arguement when they know they are right and that you need to shut up  (2) nothing-this means something and you should be wary  (3) go ahead- this is a dare, not permission, do not do it (4) whatever-is a womans way of saying f**k you  (5)thats ok-she is now thinking long and hard on how and when you will pay for your mistake !"
ohhh     tainted love
anyone know how to summon a laundry <propfemale>? i'm in desperate need of one 
"turned off the phone while it was charging, did i miss anything?"
"my oldest demon spawn can pronounce words in japanese almost perfectly, but she has no idea what she's saying "
where are all the entertaining people?
ok    time for mindless entertainment 
"running into it, i would be running to my grave  \\it's national book week  the rules are: grab the closest book to you  turn to <propfemale> 56  copy the 5th sentence as your status  don't mention the book  post these rules as part of your status "
"feeling rather twisty today, wondering what happens to dead penguins  feel free to share your theory "
"ok, i'm off to bed, everyone have a good night "
"waiting to hear back from ning support, new members are e playful eriencing technical difficulties   "
waiting for the rain to start 
going to wander off and look at eye <propfemale> 
"looking for something new to read, pls feel free to recommend blogs, etc so that i can entertain myself "
i just pissed off an ewok
the work of a site admin is never done 
wandering off to watch 'eat pray love'
anyone have an idiot proof recipe for spanish rice?
"this question goes with the other one, anyone know how to make refried beans that didn't come in a can?"
still have not figured out the right water rice ratio for making spanish rice 
"hmmm, someone sent me a message on witchvox, about a group here on fb as well as from the general area that i live in  wonder if it's worth looking into "
"i was on the toilet the other day, squeezing out the usual chocolate monkey and eating a meat pie and    what? you think there is something wrong with eating on the toilet? did that gross you out? huh    then why do people suggest breast feeding mothers feed their babies in the toilet? if you're a fan of parents rights, i dare you to put this up a your status     i'm proudly a huge advocate for breast feeding"
"i wish it was warmer outside, so i could wander through the grass barefoot, and ground a little "
oh look  it's raining again 
the boy child is reading to the rats 
"i was a <propfemale> last night in a dream, i bent down over a clear running stream"
it's way too quiet tonight  maybe the pod people are coming 
"blah, sinus headache that is sensitive to light  took an allergy pill and some tylenol, now sitting here in my sunglasses in the dark, waiting for the medicine to work "
wish there was something to do on weekends besides cleaning
"having an accidental slushy, and listening to <propfirst> walsh sing 'life's been good to me so far\ i agree"""
i just found the best ringtone ever!
the mt dew is still slushified
"trying to think of a meal that i can use blackbeans in, any suggestions?"
"fuck you and your fruit basket \\i'm sorry, but this is socially retarded, if you want to promote awareness, do what my friend did, do some research, post some links about actual breast cancer, how to do a self exam properly, etc  \\posting status' updates with random fruits is fuck tarded and annoying "
"the boy child is so bored, he's outside playing musical chairs with nothing but girls "
"if i came with a warning label, what would it say? (copy and paste to your status to play the game) looking forward to seeing the answers i get to this one!  surprise )"
"too hot in the house right now, sitting outside waiting for it to cool down"
stirs pot with really big ladle 
"need a recipe for bbq sauce, any suggestions?"
hmmm  i think my update status bt txt option for fb is broken 
beats head against desk
was informed that the 'inquisition' was still happening    
"waiting for my show to finish taping so i can watch it  yeah, i'm weird like that, but this way, i can skip commercials "
getting ready to walk to the store  fun times
since when do we heart amish friendship bread? i've never even heard of it up to today 
"lmfao! just realized what happened, oh well "
"cooking chicken, waiting for my sister to get here "
"happy birthday dad, and happy birthday dinner to my sister!"
"yes, i am burnt toast "
corn nuts
watching 'splendor in the grass'
waiting for the kids to finish watching the <propfemale> wars show so that they can go to bed 
