2dd01fd0b39650c49b03b4ce60e16b19
"what the deuce is twitter? this social networking stuff is getting out of hand! if it were up to me, we would all go back to writing letters to one another and all mail would be delivered on wagons pulled by oxen   ah, simplicity : )"
"you must make your choice  either this man was, and is, the son of god: or else a madman or something worse  you can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon; or you can fall at his feet and call him lord and god  but let us not"
i'm all revved up on jesus and caffeine and its not even noon yet! a delightful day awaits me! good grief life is amazing! i don't even care that i'm literally flat broke! whoooo!!
basically one more day till i am on my way to africa! oh my gosh!!!! : d
"i heart bend festival this weekend! crazy sweet concert, awesome food, and fun all around! its gonna be dope dawgs, i tell you what! this saturday, 6 smile 0, drake park! i can honestly tell you that you have nothing better to do!    party with us! oh, did i mention its free? pshh, yeah!!"
you know what? i'm a liar cause it totally starts at 4 smile 0! my bad!
"and if you wanna love on our city and know the joy of serving go to iheartbend org to sign up and get more info! there will be mass service projects happening all over the city! there is fire hydrant painting, yard cleaning, food drive, and so much more! go to the website to check out all the possibilies!"
freedom isn't doing whatever you want whenever you want to! that may be the most profound definition of bondage!
oh my gosh    i have approximately 30 hrs of homework to do before monday    why am i on facebook?    why am i asking you?    gnash your teeth for me 
"wow, life is pretty stinking awesome!!! y'amean?    a couple more <propfemale> days to go float the river wouldnt hurt tho  just sayin : )"
"\i embrance the sight of pain  these medicines are just poisons by another name  and if its time to play the game  then let's border on insane  as i recklessley abandon all atachments to me  i touch the sun while you touch the rain   where is the sting?  where are the fangs that haunted me?  where is the sting?  this is the shot heard 'round the world\"""""
we just destroyed the south sister!    but it destroyed us back   
\i see an old breed of prophet arising, speaking as voices from another age; \2dd01fd0b39650c49b03b4ce60e16b19,"pirate party tonight at the man house at 6 smile 0! yeah, i know the invites said 9 smile 0, but cut us some slack  three guys that dont plan parties arent going to churn out the best communication about such things    food!"
"the party really is at 9 or so not rt now, haha"
if i eat one more microwave tamale i'm gonna lose my mind!! that's like 5 today! why does real food cost money? grumble   gonna live on a farm   grumble
\we're more than carbon and chemicals, we are the image of the invisible!\2dd01fd0b39650c49b03b4ce60e16b19,"i'm am ready for an offensive amount of snow to plunder this city!! it has teased me long enough  i'm anticipating a gnarcore winter, the likes of which has only been seen in hollywood favorites like balto or rudolph   it's coming people, it's coming   "
"dude, i'm so excited! taryn+casey= engaged!!"
"dude, jesus will never cease to amaze me!! so awesome!"
on the 1st day of christmas my true love gave to me    a 103 year old asian ventriloquist with a hot temper and narcolepsy?
"to whoever felt prompted to leave 2 bags of groceries on my family's porch last night, thank you so much!! you blessed us more than you could ever know! : )"
"loving the judger is the only way to break the cycle  a never ending judgment cycle just distracts us with each other and takes our focus off the real judge and his insane love for us  \love always wins \"" i need to choose to love people that i judge to be judgemental    i wanna love like jesus does """
how many of us have a mindset that says its wrong to judge and condemn others but when we come across someone that is overly judgmental we find an exception for them  i definitely feel convicted for doing this! judging the judger doesn't make my judgment a just one  it makes me a hypocrite 
"you are more than the choices that you’ve made\you are more than the sum of your past mistakes\you are more than the problems you create\you’ve been remade"
man night tonight!! roar!!! red meat will be eaten 
"i'm so praying about moving to san dimas and attending life pacific    hey, you can be praying too! -that god would show me the next step  thanks!"
