e73fdb5ccc6e30446b4e9e557e0d8d0b
eating homemade ice cream  smile 
picking up sister later
work from 12 to 10 this is going to suck
ugh my throat hurts like a bitch
i finally know who my roommate! sort of   
im bored i'm going to watch ink heart if anyone wants to talk just call my cell
ugh i hate being sick
im bored and sick not a good combo
ugh how long am i suppose to stay sick?
watching the knowing
i'm sad
leaving
medicine is finally kicking in!
making snickerdoodles  smile 
he's coming back
snickerdoodles are amazing now for the brownies
off to the store
stupid car died on me
ap scores finally in
bored   
packing     sort of
back from fish camp
moving day is the 23!  smile 
work  sad 
moved in!
going to e playful lore the rec center! haha and workout
ready for school to start
school starts in 3 days   
2 days   
school starts tomorrow
is bored to death in my room
<propfemale> sleepy   
41-6
whoop!
i miss my baby     sad 
you know wat sucks  we have school on monday     im a lil depressed
anyone wanna help me fight a bitch?
man that girl is stupid
i hate chemistry! too much hw that i just dont want to do  reminds me of calculus    
"just had a firedrill, thought i was done with those when i left highschool   "
going home tomorrow can't wait to see my man  smile 
back to college station   
the days go by slow but the weeks go by fast
chemistry is making a little more sense   
almost the weekend
i want ice cream or chocolate chip cookies     
hates chemistry
mondays are self e playful lanatory
chemistry test tomorrow  sad 
guys! anyone who is willing to buy a blue pitbull puppy for $200-250 please comment on here or call me! [832]334-9733   he has to be taken to a good home or they'll put him down at the spca! :[ or a black pitbull girl for 100-150   they're both registered!! please please let me know!!!
somebody please if you're interested in buying a blue pitbull puppy for $200-250 or call me! [832]334-9733---they're registered && need a good home or they'll have to be put down at the spca!! :[
sink wont stop running  now im going to hear this all night long great   
the average grade in the test for my chemistry class was a 58
going back to cypress
ramen!
technical abstract     yuck
almost friday   
only one more class  smile 
too much rain + too much wind = broken umbrella
spanish midterm in two hours  sad 
procastination
no more tests until next week  smile 
4 days til the weekend   
three days    and fyi chemistry sucks
two more days til the weekend  smile 
one more day     for me
stupid cell phone and stupid storm but happy anniversery anyway
cell completely died so i lost all my <propfirst> so if you want me to have your number just text it to me with your name so i know who it is
no <propfirst> since cell died so text me with your name
got a new cell but lost all my <propfirst> so text me with your name if you want me to have it
almost friday!
hurry up and be friday already
its friday!  smile  cant wait to go back to cypress
everything needs to slow down
"facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you kinda cool yet annoying"
cy-woods is winning 28 to 17 for ya'll who want an update
35-17 cy woods
35-23
final score is 35-29
today sucks
technical abstracts can kiss my ass
dead day
im allergic to studying
chem test     o joy   
one week left and then just finals and they're were finally free
four finals to go   
still four to go  sad 
<propfemale>'s is fattening but good   
"1 test today, tkd tournament, 1 test tuesday, 2 wednesday, and then i'm done yay!"
too much info to take in
my freedom is almost here
three tests to go   
apparently something e playful loded in one of the chem buildings and people got to evacuate during their finals  i don't know if that sucks or if its a good thing?
two finals to go
free
can't wait to go to spain
leaving tomorrow
en sevilla
en magala
en toledo
going to madrid then to barcelona!
cena y despues <propfemale> partido de futbol en la plaza de toros
spain vs  chile
busy week
2 tests + 2 presentation + 2 papers + 1 interview = my last week in spain
three days until im in cypress
2
manana   
made it home now im going to sleep  smile 
summer is going by way too fast
almost done with school only to start it all over again   
free smores  smile 
48-7 go tamu!
i wish i had monday off
i hate school
yay! texas a&m vs oklahoma 33-19
anyone not going to the nebraska game that has a sports pass i can borrow?
"stop by the sul <propmale> statue in front of the acad blding tomorrow, to help pennies for puppies, a fund raiser for aggies for animals rescue  bag up all your pennies (nickels and dimes and quarters too) to stop by from 10 smile 0 to 2 smile 0   all the change you give will go toward the new building for the brazos animal shelter   there will also be some very cute puppies there for petting purposes and also puppies for adoption!"
less than a month until christmas  smile 
my last two finals are today!
watching kung fu pand in spanish  lets see how that goes   
last day of work  smile 
physics bleh    
i was really hoping school would be cancelled today  sad 
<propfemale> gutierrez
<propfirst> hernandez
<propfemale> ramirez
<propfemale> mejorado
 sad  two more tests    will this week ever end?
3 down 1 to go  smile  then snickerdoodles
lol now only a lab practicle  smile 
hello <propfemale> gutierrez and <propfemale> mejorado
i want cookies  sad 
