8835d490f8a1b44e12f1f4bbd1dcb974
sure do have a lot of ppl to see next weekend   i'm going to knock out about 5 in one day though    lol   that's prettty good   maybe i'll get my fortune read while i'm down there  smile 
i'm so tired   i worked 11 hours today   i work 16 tomorrow   was hoping i'd get to talk on the phone before i fell asleep   it's okay though   big hugs and goodnight to everyone   have fun and be careful 
"so it's nice to know it can be told on facebook      but not in normal conversation   what a way to trust, be considerate, and 'be friends' "
going to work my long long freaking shift   thank god i have an interview tuesday   thank god   let's all cross fingers and do once again the job dance for good luck 
just trying to keep my facefbook open    i never use it
just found one of my closest friends from my teen years on here   i'm so proud of her!!!!!
i' wondering why no one is ever awake and on myspace or facebook this time of night  sad 
worried about going to the doc tomorrow      it's been a while        hope everything is good 
just working   feeling absolutely aweful     totally ibuprofened up     totally   i really just want to go home 
finally moved to the music city  smile   i am hoping my new life here will be a good one   my fingers are definatly crossed 
well    my secrets out   it's spreading like wildfire now through the family  lol
has a long day tomorrow   better get in the bed   i think my stepdad is making breakfast pie in the morning   mmmmmmm
had a great day   really just tired   going to sleep    gotta get up for black friday   i'm gps bound 
yeah!!!   i got a gps and it is great   super good deal  smile 
getting off line   it probably won't last long though 
"just got back to nashville   i now have all my stuff moved in   i start looking for employment tomorrow   please wish me luck, pray, or do some kind of job dance   i would appreciate it  smile "
can't sleep   too many mixed emotions 
going to listen to music   perhaps that will help    good night all     hopefully
frantically searching for job   went to interview today     thinking i bombed it pretty badly  sad 
going to some open house for a salon thing tonight   i know i'll have fun   and possibly do some networking for jobs   fingers crossed!
stressing out makes me look psycho   the more i try not to be that way    the more i am   it sucks   i hate it  i hate the fact that i am a life control freak and want to know everything involved in and around my being   anyone else like that?
stressing out makes me look psycho  the more i try not to be that way    the more i am  it sucks  i hate it  i hate the fact that i am a life control freak and want to know everything involved in and around my being  anyone else like that?
okay   going to lay down   not going to sleep     but i'm tired of being on the internet and i'm bored   my step brothers are dominating use of the tv 
"hoping my step-brother doesn't get mad that i ate his sandwich from arby's    i soooo thought he was asleep     turns out   he wasn't   i bet he's saying,\what the cuss?!\"" right now   lol"""
had a fantastic time hangin with gibbsy last night  smile   can't wait to go back to murphreesboro in a couple of weeks  smile 
"trying to research apartments   and find a job     man, i'm gonna need a roomy badly  sad "
i just realized today how long my hair has gotten    i love it  smile 
"oh yeah, and i think i got a job!!!  i'll know tuesday "
i hate looking at other ppl's pics sometimes   it depresses me  sad 
going to the bull & whistle tonight to hear mom sing   i sure hope i have fun    
had fun time   but sad towards the end   wish i wouldn't have made a fool of myself in front of all those ppl 
got back today from fl   have to admit i had fun   while it lasted   it was too short  sad 
i went to the chamber of commerce bon fire   i had a blast!!!  i never knew that a bunch of 35-55 year old ppl could be so much fun!!!!
getting ready to go to work   i am so thankful that i found a job!  i like it okay    i took a large paycut though    going to have to find something to make up the difference 
"had an awesome time saturday night at the pub   then, i tried to play <propfemale> pong    i suck  sad "
freaking facebook is being crappy and refuses to upload my pic from saturday  annoyed 
well    things are looking good for me   i'm hoping i will be moved out by the end of january   i have to find a job that offers more money though   seriously 
"going off to an appoinment   wish me luck!  smile  also, going to the dentist or whoever to see about my jaw locking up   i have to get this fixed   i'm having trouble eating!"
"well, i've decided i'm going to stay up until 12 surprise 0 am   that way, i can truly wish myself a happy birthday   25 is a little depressing   but   i feel very much that it will be a great year for me  smile "
"well, i just want ya to know     i woke up not feeling well today   very bad on this    my special day  sad "
so     i'm finally getting out of bed at like 1 smile 0pm   gotta do some stuff before work   thinking i might go work out in the gym before work 
going out with <propfemale> tomorrow night  smile    can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
worked out tonight yeah!   hopefully in about a month i'll be looking like i did 4 years ago  smile 
thinking perhaps i need sleep   got a long day tomorrow   i'm going to the community theater tomorrow to see about acting  smile 
at work bored as hell and no one will text with me   i feel like the lonely girl in the lunchroom that everyone avoids eye contact with lol
"home now    and still bored   this day has sucked!!!!  well, except for the fact that i bought this gorgeous dress for new years      lol        i'll post pics when the time comes  smile "
thinking i've found a good thing here 
"i'll start to get myself back together in january   until then, i'll continue to live out of character   so, anyone up for the pub saturday night lol?"
having to go to work tonight   good thing i'm off the next two days  smile 
at home and cozy under the covers   now if i could only get my feet warm i could go to sleep   goodnight everyone!  sweet dreams  smile 
wishing i had a sunday like last sunday  smile 
"i worked out with the wii today, cleaned a little, and actually fixed my hair for work   all in all, i'd say it was a pretty productive day "
"well, i've decided i am going to get my hair cut tomorrow   it must be done "
quick poking me!!!!!!!
there's only one thing that could make me happy at this very moment and i bet no one could guess what it is     
i'm going to buy a veggie burger tonight just to try it   i really hope it's good   i need to incorporate more vegetables in my diet   i'm seriously lacking 
"time is a funny thing   it's always in the knick, it heals, gives you hind sight, and virtues like <propfemale> among others   it's our own little super hero "
"is going to help a friend move today   also, thought i'd knock out some goals on my goal list   i've decided i'm going to write down a list of goals every month and <propfirst> them off   that way, i can be more organized in accomplishing the small tasks in order to work toward the bigger goals "
"just watched it's complicated   it was hilarious!!!  definatly suggest it   i laughed so much   if you liked something's gotta give, you'll love this "
"new year, new place, new me  smile "
i really would love to get my babygirl back   i guess we'll see   it's not up to me at this point 
okay    please answer     how could someone be more considerate     what makes a considerate person   well    considerate?
"well, goint to get ready   got a callback to an interview   yeah!!!!  mo money, mo freedom  smile "
my feet hurt from going so much   but i managed to get off work until monday  smile   yeah!!!!
hot pink and black and white zebra print
having a great time!  enjoying visiting friends    sad i have to go home tomorrow   but i'm wearing out my welcome and i'm getting a job when i get back to tn!!!!!  yeah  smile 
thinking i've got a good thing here      whatever it is 
"\i thought i was dieing!!!\""  lol    """
this is getting to be too much    it's not simple anymore           
i know it's going to get rocky     but i'm still climbing  wink 
happy   finally happy   what was wrong has been worked through      i'm still not sure i understand what will become of me in the situation   but i am hoping for good things    all i know is      i'm having fun    i enjoy what i'm doing      and i like that   wherever it takes me     that's where i'll go   going with the flow 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you        1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: sexy   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best  smile 
"fingers swollen, an body so tired and weak i can't keep my eyes open     and i slept for 9 hours!!!!  i don't know what's going on here "
really loving my life right now   the past two days have been phenominal   just great!  i'm all smiles  smile 
omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i have had the best freaking day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  lol  smile 
"thinking today will be good too, but i know tomorrow will be even better  wink "
i ran over a pickle under your bed b c i'm a ninja!!!!!  lol
oh yeah!!!!!!  i got the job for sure      i'm going to get to move out of my mom's house now    yay!!!!!!  but it won't be til march at the earliest   gotta save money 
my whole weekend was wonderful   absolutely wonderful  smile      i think it's safe to say that i've been utterly swept off my feet 
i don't want to come back down from this cloud   it's taken me all this time to find out what i need 
"i am flawed, but i am cleaning up so well  -vindicated, dashboard confessional"
loving a certain someone's status right now   soooooo sweet! **beaming**
going into orientation at wet seal today!!!!  yay!  discount for <propfemale>!  lol
"well, it is what it is   i am who i am   i love my life in nashville thus far  smile "
i'm very happy    and    it's official 
"missing <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and gibbs   must have a <propfemale> out soon   must   gotta make the rounds pretty soon    murfreesboro, tn    florence, al       booneville, ms       gotta get it done "
"oh today will be a wonderful day   i get paid, i'm off work, and <propfirst> is coming back from atl    who could ask for anything more?"
getting up early to look at apartments tomorrow  smile 
stressed  very stressed 
learining to accept 
"the stress is over   i had a wonderful day today   i was without my <propfirst> (and will be until friday), but hey      i got my apartment!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    i'm so excited now  smile   i move in on april 5th  laugh "
i think colbie caillat has it all right   love the new song 
"<propfemale>: most <propfemale>'s are very gorgeous but don't know it, think they are ugly and criticize themselves alot  they get annoyed with there closest friends but are always there for them  usually curvy or skinny  not fat  sexy, romantic,and very creative  they make amazing girlfriends and fall for certain people  very unlikely to cheat  an <propfemale> is a very funny and entertaining person  very fun person "
"i'm taking my mom out to lunch today for her birthday  smile  also, i get to see my <propfirst> alllll weekend!!!!!  i'm sooo excited  laugh "
well it's all in the open now   every bad thing that can be known is now known   that was the one last thing   i was nervous about it (which made it worse) but i'm okay now   going to continue to be myself and let the chips fall where they may   just one thing   i hate you bc you suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"well, i had a great weekend   i met the fam   i was nervous at first, but they were very nice and welcoming   had a good conversation with the mom this morning over coffee   my <propfirst> is off for another week in atl  sad "
really loving my life right now   i'm glad all is well in the neighborhood (so to speak)   i am e playful eriencing a terrible sore throat at the moment   i'm praying this is not catchy   sure would feel terrible if i gave it to <propfirst>  sad 
any parents that watch the chapelle show and south park are awesome in my book   yayyyy!!!!!!!
home sick  sad  i've been in bed for two days now   surely hoping i get better by the weekend!  <propfirst> is planning out a whole weekend fo <propfirst>'s fun   i would hate to have to miss it   but i might anyway just so he doesn't get sick  sad 
"so     i just got back from <propfirst>'s   had a great weekend   so good!  i got taken to p f  <propfirst>'s for dinner friday night, and to see the <propfirst>'s day movie saturday night   along with perfume, the new rihanna cd, an awesome book, and lots of cuddle time   but now he's back off to atl again  sad "
too many options    and such a big decision         this must take much consideration   so much could go wrong         but so much could go right just as well 
going to a songwriter's night next wednesday to get in the mix   i'm not playing or singing   just going to get the feel for it  smile 
"in one day, everything can change   one second, one minute, one day, one conversation changes everything   here comes the whirl wind again   hope i end up like <propfemale> and land in sweet munchkin land   without the wicked witch   but the good witch would be nice      "
stress makes me paranoid     which brings about more stress 
sick sick sick again  sad 
"spending time with my mommy tonight   i finally got over this sickness    (well, about 90%)  fixing to go clean the house so it's spotless tomorrow  smile "
"well, started the mad search for a roomy   thinking this one tonight may work out great   fingers are totally crossed   and don't worry, nothing is wrong with <propfirst> and me   we are still doing just as great as ever   i still like you babe!!!  muah!"
"i hope one day i can look back at this time in my life and smile   i hope i'm as strong as i think i am   i feel like i am almost to the top of the mountain, but these last few feet of climbing are hard   i'm tired   i'm ready for peace and contentment "
why? why? why?  oh dear     i'm a fool 
so i've written two more songs   one before this disaster and one after   one happy one sad   two more to add to the collection   yay!  mom says i should sing them at writers night   that means they're good  smile 
i'm boycotting this day   i want nothing to do with it's green stupidness   i'll remember it for the rest of my life and rightly so 
yay!!!  finally got to change my dang pic   thank you internet for working!  now i'm going to get hammered   boycotting st  <propfirst>'s day?  what was i thinking?!  haha
well      i've decided i'm going to have a good day today   my dm is coming to the store   we'll see how she likes it   i worked really hard to get it in shape  smile 
"dm visit went very well  smile   i guess my hard work paid off   okay, going out tonight and i'm totally excited  smile "
so manager's meeting last night at chili's was fun   love my girls!   p s   i'm going to focus on work   no dating anyone 
yay!  clarity and definition is oh so good  smile 
having a great day today   only two pounds away and i'll be at my ideal weight   and no  not dieting really   just watching what i eat and getting it when i can    i'm so busy all the time lol 
"had a great night last night with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, gibbs, and chic (can't remember name   sorry)   going into work now  smile "
"fixing to enjoy a very nice, hot bath   need to relax after the busy day i've had haha "
life is what you make it     and i plan to make mine what i've always dreamed   i just have to break old habits and create new ones   let the past go and create a future     with or without some ppl in it 
"well, going to get my tn license today   finally haha   bad photo here i come  smile "
getting all my stuff together   moving from <propfirst>'s to the new apartment   happy and excited     but sad kinda too   i liked the bathroom haha   as well as other things  sad 
"well, realized yesterday while i was dating some paperwork that it would've been 4 years married   wow    time goes by fast   i've been in nashville for 4 months and it feels like only 4 weeks!  lol   "
"okay, so here's the thing   i do not have internet where i live so i have been dearly missing my facebook friends!!!!  and chats!!!  what's new with me?  i'm learning that the rolling stones  were gifted words from god when they sang, \you can't always get what you want      etc \""  and also \""i can't get no satisfaction   \""   wow   can't get anymore correct than that """
for whom this concerns       you're a coward 
"i suppose only time will tell   until then, i'm alone   alone and getting my shit together     which is all of another week "
"so, i finally got my health, dental, and vision insurance   yay!!  now i can wear get contacts   but don't worry, i'll still be wearing my glasses a lot   i just want contacts so i can wear sunglasses sometimes  smile "
unrequited anything just sucks 
"sorry new bathing suite, i cannot take you back   you were a final sale  sad "
had a wonderful time last night  smile 
going to work   booo!!!!  meeting newbie assistant    even bigger boooooooo!!!!!!!!!
feeling wonderful and happy   things are great in my world right now  smile 
"so i went shopping with mom today   i handed her a <propfemale> to try on under her yellow t-shirt and she yelled out from behind the fitting room door, \allie!  what's this white thing?\"""""
going out tonight and am determined to have as much fun as possible   yay!  i'm getting my trouble shoes on  wink 
why did i move to nashville again?     i should so be in scottland with paolo!!!
"well, i finally bought a shower curtain   yay!  i know a guy named <propfirst> that will be happy about this  smile "
from tomorrow forward i'm eating healthy    wraps for lunch?  yes i do believe so!  smile 
just watched paranormal activity   bad idea!!!!!  anyone can tell you i get freaked way out when i watch a scary movie   especially right before bed 
"so productive day today   i made my hourly bonus at work, worked 12 hours at the kiosk, ate healthy, and laid in the tanning bed   i'd say it was a nice day off from my regular job lol   now i just wish <propfirst> was here to cuddle with me and it would be perfect "
had a mind blowing weekend with <propfirst>!  (in between my crazy work schedule anyway) and i got in some oh so needed girl time with <propfemale>!!!
just got home from inventory   4am     now time to sleep until 9 and go work 12 hours at the kiosk   5 hours of sleep if i fall asleep right now   this very moment   ugh! i will need double dose of espresso in the morning to function 
sleep!  oh how i've missed you 
totally wishing i had my mr  p  with me right now  sad 
wow  just got a p0420 emissions code for my malibu   not good   i wonder how much this is going to cost me  sad 
"i am so happy with my life in nashville (except for my car situation)   i have a nice apartment, a good job, my mom close by, friends, and a wonderful boyfriend   i am so thankful!  god has blessed me with the tools things i need to stay positive "
i'm going to find out about my car today   everyone wish me luck!
okay so seriously   if anyone wants to get me a present    i want both paolo nutini's cd's: <propfemale> side up and these streets   can christmas come early?
"oh i can not wait until tomorrow!!!!!  all night with my cutie    although, i am very nervous about meeting the frat brothers along with their wives girlfriends  annoyed "
"is thinking i need another night like saturday night    i didn't know a soul, i was very much gone with the wind, and enjoyed almost every minute of it  smile "
is starting to really feel the physical and mental effects of working 7 days 65 hours a week 
so i've decided to get my butt up and be productive today   car tag to make my move official???  i think so! dusting my room so <propfirst> doesn't have an allergy attack?    yes i do believe i will   vacuuming my floor?      totally!  then go to work and stress for 7 hours   yep 
is beginning to give up on a lot of things 
i wish all people were an open book   like their feelings and thoughts were written across their forheads   or at least have a pinoccio nose so you could ask yes or no questions and see if they're really telling the truth 
"so    if you won't accept   i'll decline   smile \haha      let's see how you like those apples!"
is <propmale> past the brink of happiness and approaching heaven  smile 
"okay   so much to do before tryouts   i am making a sign for me and <propfirst> to hold up while we're standing in the crowd   lol    i am sooooo glad that my best friend of all time is coming to support me   i'm telling you, after 7 years of her friendship, she's like a sister to me   i love you lil' e!!!!"
"haha     \p!  as in poo!\"""""
"okay   so    went to a i  tryouts in nashville   great e playful erience!  however, i didn't make it   but   i did get called back to sing twice  wink \i mean, out of 17,000 people, i don't consider that a bad or negative thing lol  smile "
"thank you all for being so supportive   i really really do appreciate it   i did good well, and am not sad at all  i wanted to give a shout out also to <propfemale> for spontaneously going with me at 4am to register thursday morning   without her    i honestly in all seriousness would've been lost!"
well well well    mom's really getting to meet boyfriend tonight   we're having chicken and rice with home-made mashed potatoes and gravy   i can't wait!!!!
so   doctor appointment tomorrow morning about my foot    i hope they don't tell me i'll need surgery to correct it   that would suck!!!!!
going home next week to visit   i can't wait!!!  i miss everyone 
leaving out saturday to start my vacation   yay!!!!!!!!!!  alabama mississippi bound!
"enjoyed driving the cart today and watching <propfirst> play golf  fun fun  smile   \also, great day at work   i love it when i get to work at our sister store  smile "
back from ms and <propmale>   fun time with the fam       but now back to the hard work 
"i am taking the doc's orders and sleeping in 'dos boot' tonight   i guess we'll see how it goes   but    the cortizone shot to my knee helped a lot today   and so did the ankle brace  smile \unfortunately i am falling apart "
"\we'll drive until the city lights disolve into the country sky      just me and you \"" -zach brown band \""free\"""""
so     found out one reason why i'm having so much problems with everything   my vita<propfemale> d is way low and they are prescribing me a suppliment to take once a week for 6 weeks plus i have to spend at least 50 <propfemale> a day in the sun   wow     i guess this e playful lains why my hair keeps falling out!
i get to see <propfirst> today!!!!!!!  yay!!! he's coming back for a few days from ft  lauderdale 
omg i hate tax free!!!!!!!  i have worked my tushy off for the past two days   only 5 hours of sleep   closed last night late and opened this morning early   but      now i'm off until 2 tomorrow and i'm going to spend some sweet quality time with <propfirst>  smile 
"\determine now that you are going to enjoy where you are today on your way to where you want to be tomorrow \""- <propfemale> meyer"""
"\yeah   they cant' just come in here and blow us off course!!!  we got compasses!  -and they're neon \"" -the mighty boosh (future sailors)"""
i have decided to try out for a play at the murfreesboro little theater whenever i get moved down there and settled   i have to admit    i am very very very excited about this because i haven't done any type of theater since college in 2004   my last community theater gig was <propmale> in footloose!  long time ago!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg     all of my friends are now married or getting married   lord help them 
"\god gave me you for the ups and downs    god gave me you for the days of doubt \""\",8835d490f8a1b44e12f1f4bbd1dcb974,my ankle is yelling at me right now   absolutely screaming   i am now considering a sit down job seeing as how i am now at home and about in tears   seriously   bring on the meds!
"missing my cutie right now   but    i'm applying for more jobs   boooo!!!  you would think that with all my management e playful erience someone would hire me!  perhaps i am limiting myself a bit   i think i should aim higher   applying for the actual manager positon instead of assistant????  yes, i do believe i will!!!!"
has the craziest dream last night out of no-where   then    the person that randomly was in my dream was a friend suggestion on facebook this morning   i think this is the weirdest thing that has happened in a minute 
"can't wait for the labor day throw down at the clubhouse tomorrow!!!! it is going to be sooooo fun!!!!!!  oh, and drama      you are very not welcome to this party "
"well, i had a blast at the party sunday but ate way too much haha   the food was so good   no <propfirst> is in florida again and going to the bahamas this weekend   booooo!  i'm jealous lol   but this gives me plenty of time to get my stuff together and take care of some things that need doing  smile "
"really missing my blond haired, blue eyed cutie right now   he's in the bahamas    without me!!!!!!  hahaha "
"finally getting my life back together   working hard, but i'll be doubly rewarded later   about another year and i'll be ready for a new beginning   just gotta tie up some loose ends first "
"one second, one minute, one hour, one day at a time "
"attention!!!!!donot join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life \"" it is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos  this was on fox news at 5 please copy and post!!! let's keep our children safe"""
my darlin is coming home tomorrow!!!!!!!  yayayyayayayayayayayay!
 annoyed 
feeling much better now  smile 
"\out in the middle of no-where knowing   i'm in trouble if these wheels stop rolling \"""""
just had the absolute best weekend i could ever ask for   i am soooooo blessed and head over heals 
"children\with special needs are not sick or gross  they only want what we \want,to be appreciated  can i make a request of anyone willing to post \this and leave it for at least and hour? it's special education week and\this is in honor of all children made in a unique way "
loving life and getting it right  smile 
am totally trying to figure out this app! lol    errrrrr        technology is sometimes my enemy  annoyed 
"so everyone, i'm coming to boonevegas the week of the 6th   <propfemale>, if you will please tell <propmale> so he can call me to arrange a visit   thanks sweetie  smile "
so my baby boo took me to the frist this passed weekend and
"i have a certain strength in me that has been passed down for generations   this strength is what keeps me going   this strength reassures me that no matter what happens in my life,  will make it   i will endure and prevail       because i am my mothers daughter, and she is her fathers "
i got a car!!!  it's a black ford focus  smile 
had a great thanksgiving with my family and <propfirst>'s   now i am in retail he'll with a bunch of crazy customers   i just got cursed out over two dollars and fifty cents     errrr 
"wow, this time last year i was moving to nashville with no job, bills to pay, and $150 to my name   i have to say that i've come a long way in a year's time   thank you to the people who have helped me out along the way   you know who you are, and i am so blessed to have you in my life   i love you all   i love you all very dearly "
i love random slow dances    with twirls 
thank you everyone for my birthday wishes   i love you all  smile 
so    why hasn't anyone sent me a number so i can write a cool status about you???????
#1- u are a very sweet and gigantic person   i had the pleasure of e playful eriencing your first play at corinth theater arts    i had fun trying to come up with and learn our big dance very last minute haha 
omg this mall is frantically busy with deal shoppers   please lord give me strength and temperance!
"#26 you are hilarious and silly   despite your mishap, i have always thought you to be a loyal person   some of the best times of my life -thus far- were spent with you, the crew, and the stoop   i loved turning twenty   thank you  smile "
going to bed   i finally put up all my christmas gifts   yay!!!
thinking i may go see country strong this weekend   i love <propfemale> paltrow!!!
just got finished budgeting my projected e playful enses for the next year by creating a monthly bi-weekly plan   my goal is to increase my savings!  i plan on tucking away about 20% of my income  smile   we'll see if i can do it  annoyed 
"can't wait for my sweet <propfirst> to come home wednesday!  also, excited about my yearly review at work   i hope to get a raise   that would really help with my budget   more money for <propfemale>'s entertainment  smile "
may god bless those who die a sudden and tragic death 
"doesn't make much sense, does it??: homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this "
"current <propfemale> news:  iphone was stolen by a hotel housekeeper, had a great time after work last night with the girls, and am going to enjoy a wonderful day today with <propfirst> who gave me a bitter-sweet suprise last night   oh, and my car is leaking oil like blood leaking from a severed limb   grrr    but at least i get to enjoy my <propfirst> <propfirst> day  smile "
"the huge oil leak is coming from the head that i just had fixed a month ago by mienike (sp?)  they agreed to cover the cost of towing my car to their shop for a re-fix and had a tow truck to my car within an hour of the first phone call   oh thank you god for fatherly mr  <propmale> and his man-ness   if it was me (as a woman) that called, i bet it would still be sitting there haha "
"is wishing i had a degree with a good job that made twice as much as i do now so i wouldn't have to worry about money      well, i don't and i do and i'm living with the consequences "
"another day, another dollar   manager meeting here i come!!!"
"got bonus money again for a low shrink at work   yay!!!  i have to say,  i am proud of my team  smile "
"i'm feeling ugly (haven't dressed up in well over a week), alone (<propfirst>'s out of town til the 17th), and blah (need some type of entertainment)   it's the perfect time to be creative, write some songs, and make some friends "
is thinking i'm a lucky girl  smile 
"a beautiful day today in murfreesboro, tn   the sun is shining, it's warm outside, and a slightly cool breeze is blowing   i am going to clean out my car  smile "
loving my boo bear!!!
"going to work today   7 days in a row working with no break   wow, what an illegal place this is   good thing i'll be out of there soon!  lol"
"good news    no longer employed with the seal, because i got my new job at hca!  bad news   my oldest brother is having surgery and i'm a tinge worried about how that goes    other good news however, the miami vacation between jobs is exciting  smile   i have the best guy in the world!"
"last year at this time i was at the lowest point of my life!  now i feel i'm at the highest   new job (career), new apartment (with a man i adore), a new life, and restored faith   i am so blessed   i honestly thank god everyday for testing my faith so i would grow closer to him "
