56df06ed53fedfc377d38b0fb4710687
"went shopping with my mom,sister,and aunt!"
why do i love <propfemale> joplin like i do?
my dad was being a terd and i'm not sure what what length of gap should be between fathers day and seriously fighting the old man!! he deserves it ya know!!
going to attempt to play football!
very sad have to go to school tommorow ):
got my new haircut and went shopping!now have to get ready for school tomorrow!
going to watch biggest loser!
so sad are puppy is sick!i don't know what it has!
yeah my puppy is eating lots now and he's not throwing up!i was so scared smile 
kinda tired gotta do some homework  sad 
have to do homework yay! sad 
oh yay got an a- on a test!!!!
not doing much have no homework!yay!! smile 
kinda gettting tired finally finished my horrible math and health homework!
makenzie told me to put this so i love makenzie!
"just had some yummy brownies kinda tired but think i\m gonna watch earth! smile """
tired sad 
going to go watch my favorite show and exited for biggest loser
the skipping eating fluffy bunnies gang
very tired but watching biggest loser
just got home from school
gonna watch gilmore girls then go to the y
watching projest runway than gotta feed my dog
fed my doggy i love my dog hes cute but big
tired wanna go to bed soon sad 
got back from the movie theaters saw christmas <propfirst> it was creepy but i liked it 
going to my granpas and grandmas
going to swansons real fast
happy went to this thrift store and got these jeans and tried them on at home and found 20 bucks in them! smile 
tired but gonna go watch project runway
tired but going to watch the new <propfirst> & kate+8 sad that its the last episode!
watching biggest loser where are they now!
had chocolate chip cookies they were yummy!
excited going to watch the biggest loser finale!
making cake! smile 
put up are christmas lights! smile 
watching the biggest loser finale!!! smile 
ate icecream! smile 
excited for christmas!(=
fixing the bathroom then moving in to my new bedroom! smile 
eating a big box of nerds!
wanting more snow!
watching a movie and eating popcorn!
going to the orthadontist in a little bit!
eating cookie dough! smile 
watching sweet home alabama!
got back from the hospital saw my grandma she looks lots better!
watching polar e playful ress it's my favorite! smile 
<propfemale> christmas!
eating candy! smile 
watching tv with my mom smile 
going to eat dinner
going to bed
going to the ymca!
tired
happy new years!
happy new years!
finally cleaned my room!
going to play <propfirst> kart with my mom and i'm going to win! smile 
watching the new biggest loser
going to the ymca!
tired going to go to bed
yay for friday! smile 
got back from lany and <propfirst>'s party!
got my room clean finally!now i have to clean my <propfemale> caje sad 
going to school!
~  smile  <propmale> <propfemale> silly  love  ~
ate at duffy's today it was really yummy!
my brother just went up to the hospital not very good sad but excited for the new project runway!
yay got a b- on my science test and a a- on my math test!
just ate my pizza then my aunt is coming over!
finally moved into my new room now i'm going to the y
going to eat some yummy looking cupcakes!
finally got done with my homework!
studying for history finals
got a b+ on my history finals! smile 
went to lunch with my mom and aunt then went shopping for like 5 hours!
watching the grammys
haven't done homework yet and need to do it!
~klasschat~
i klasschat with tori-pugalious dylan-dilly-pickle chandra-munger#12 love  me-willy love  smile  harrisen-no_jar makenzie- ~mak&cheese~ jealous        gotta be there!
ate this huge piece of chocolate cake it was so good!!!!!!!
don't really want to go to school tomorrow
broke my phone sad 
hangin with my aunt smile 
happy valentines day!  love 
some teenager thought it would be funny if they blew up peoples mailboxes so now we don't have a mailbox
don't have to go to school tomorrow yay!
got honor role!
helping my mom get ready for her baby shower!
got done going through my mom's presents from her baby shower it was lots of fun!
got rid of my dog sad 
we let <propfirst> eat a little bit of icecream and he had the most disguisting look on his face!
does anyone know how to get a tutor???
bored
holding sammy smile 
granpa is in the hospital please pra
got back from the cancer walk with makenzie so much fun!!! and they said my name on the radio smile 
summer!!!!! smile 
it's my birthday today!!!
with my best friend makenzie!  smile 
got fireworks today!
going to the beach
eating cake smile 
going to the <propmale> weekend
got back from my family reunion
got back from <propfemale> and now i hate <propfemale>'s
finally got back from the hospital!
went to the fair today and it was fun but it was way to hot
got more brackets on my braces today now my teeth hurt so bad!
got my schedule for school today and i dont like the classes im in at all!
got my haircut  smile 
i went roller skating yesterday for the first time and i didn't fall! smile 
its snowing!!!!!!
got my egg baby and he's so cute i named him fransico from elf the movie  smile 
i broke my egg baby so now i got a new one
went and saw the new narnia
i love the snow!
going to get my hair cut tomorrow!
