b5e9aa43595c80caf5050eb4addcdcfd
happy new year!!!
how the heck does this thing work?
i want to thank my mom and sis for getting me hooked on this darn computer games website   thank goodnes i wasted a good deal of my childhood time playing super breakout on the atari    smile 
"it sure is dreary and wet here, but far too warm to have snow or ice "
whew!  made it to the weekend and boy do i need a break!  now if i can just get the guys from work to quit bugging me   
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!!!
getting excited about going skiing!!!
back from vacation at lake tahoe   it's going to be really hard to get back in the mindset to be a productive employee tomorrow   yuck!  at least it'll be a short work week    smile 
looking for trouble to get into   happy st  <propfirst>'s day everyone!
hey everyone!!!  i got some great news!  <propfirst> and i are getting married   yippeee!!!  i can't wait 
whew!  i got the wedding date set for october 16th   now comes the whirlwind of activity trying to get everything ready 
just realized today that the dove that i rescued has a severe foot fetish   he likes them toes 
"children with special needs only want what we all want, to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little differently"
i'm finally open water dive certified!  whoo hooo!!!!   smile 
"thinking it sure would be nice to sleep in my own bed   i'm back from my honeymoon in jamaica   i had an awesome time   didn't get to do as much scuba diving as i orininally planned, but still had fun with all of the other activities   ya mon, it was irie   pictures will be posted soon   (at least those i'm willing to share )"
"laundry, laundry and more laundry   why'd i have to pack so much clothes on my trip?!!!"
extremely saddened by the loss of a dear friend   rip <propfirst> haseman   you will be sorely missed 
"finally got around to voting   luckily i managed to sneek in there when there was only one person in line   awesome! i have developed a dislike for standing in lines   next year i'm doing the early voting, unless there's a long line "
"wondering what the heck my hubby is doing over at his computer   some strange bleepy noises are coming from that direction with an occasional \yeee ha!\""  kind of disturbing """
just spent the entire night going through all of my application and game requests   whew!  i didn't realize they'd piled up on me   it said i only have 99 of them    smile 
"weare asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th \",b5e9aa43595c80caf5050eb4addcdcfd,we finally got our wedding pictures!!!  <propfirst> is posting them to our website:  http annoyed  polymath endofinternet org wedding pics html
"okay, that's a little premature   <propfirst> is working to get them loaded to the website   not there just yet   "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  i am truely blessed to have such wonderful friends   love you    love 
"remember this christmas, while you are eating your dinners and laughing, that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting  they gave their life so that you can sit with your family  so light a candle this christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back and for those still serving in iraq, afghanistan, or elsewhere  repost this as your status to show your respect "
