8d85ed45ba18ce212ad5b47c3cb93701
is continuing the new year's resolution he made his freshman year of high school: never having another new year's resolution  so far so good 
"finally found a way back on to facebook  exciting news, y'all! i gots a girlfuh-riend!!"
"more and more these past two months, i've realized that i should be thanking the inconsiderate bastards who made fun of me all these years ( you know who you are if you can read this ), because in the long run the way they treated me led me to where i am "
uuurgh  i'm really starting to hate not having a job 
i've made 44 50 at a rummage sale today    i feel bad that that's the most money i've had in like  months  
i miss heather   sad face   
"if you've never seen it, you should check out retared policeman on youtube   laugh "
hates the feeling you get when the only person you want beside you is nowhere near  
"i wish this day would move faster  these past few hours have been dragging on for what feels like days, all in order to make me wait for my happiness "
just waiting for that blissful moment when i can see your smiling face again 
"is finding it sad that he logs onto facebook every day to find his suggestion box filled with like 50 people, and hates damn near every one of them  especially the ones he doesn't know "
"these next few weeks are gonna suck  <propfemale>'s gone back to school, pretty much all my friends are out of reach, and i still can't get a friggin' job in his town  "
i got hooked on heroscape a couple weeks ago  i'm such a nerd  ;-;
disclaimer: the following comment in no way represents my feelings towards women  just a random thought i had earlier  saying that all women are crazy is making a broad generalization 
i need one person with a car and a bunch of people near parsons who aren't afraid to get kicked out of walmart to volunteer  i wanna do a giant scale walmart tag   laugh 
what's grosser than gross? a garbage can full of dead babies 
"blegh  parsons officially sucks! the theater ain't even playing anything worth watching  so far the only movies i've cared to see ( gamer and 9 ) aren't getting shown there  thus, i declare parsons theatre racist and will begin random protesting!       bleh, too lazy to actually protest, but i'm still super-pissed  > annoyed \"
"nngh   this week turned to shit real fast  cells got shut off today, and the internet won't be far from behind  i have virtually no way to get hold of anyone, which wouldn't be so bad if i could still see <propfemale>   "
"is it not enough, big hand in the sky, that i'm deprived of the ability to talk to <propfemale> until the weekends, but now you may very well be taking away my <propmale> to even see her then as well? i really hate this week   "
"tcheh  dumb dildos, gives us all the frees coffee in the world and no instructions how to cook it!"
"despite the bad weather, the getting rained on while i was out walking around the town doing errands and the fact that i am not going to check on my applications today like i planned, today's still a good day   laugh "
"is excessively fidgety today, cause there's nothing to doooooooo  d="
"this has been, by far the greatest week ever  so far anyways "
hates having a song stuck in his head that he doesn't know the words or song title to 
would anyone be offended if i were to kill <propmale> <propmale>? his face angers me  plus i hate the commercials 
"is considering a haircut, cause he's tired of flipping hair out of his face  doubts, however, he'll get away with doing it since <propfemale> lives here "
okay  game time bitches  here's the formula: [song title] + in my pants  post results 
i remember last year like it was only yesterday  
"livin' on the edge, fighting crime, spinning webs  leaping from the highest ledge, he can leap above our heeads  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! spectacular, spectacular spiderman! spectacular, spectacular spidermaaan   t-t i can't get that damn song outta my head "
my facebook suggestions thing thinks i'm gay!!! d= it wanted me to become a fan of shirtless <propfirst> lautner in the rain  *shuddervomitmurders*
om nom nom nom nom!!! (profile picture)
"your exorbitant conjectures on the world perplexes me to ability to envisage even the most facile concepts  now figure out what i said, how little it makes sense, and how many of these words i knew before using a thesaurus  if you win you get an imaginary cookie and some brownie points "
"i'd be more apathetic if i weren't so lethargic                                                                                                                                                  oh-ho-ho, i get it! eh, that's kinda funny! yeah, can i get a copy of 'jugs'?"
"i hate the more retarded facebook quizzes  people asking what you're favorite show is, then only listing the presumably popular shows that are on television that not everyone watches or asking about your favorite singer then only listing crappy pop-artists  ¬¬"
"nerds'll get this  =o [krilling tosses his destructo disk] nappa: vegeta! look a frisbee! vegeta: no nappa! stop, it's a trick! nappa: but vegeta!     trix are for kids! vegeta: ergh    y'know what on second thought, catch it nappa  catch it with your teeth! nappa: yay!"
haha! look at <propfirst>'s penis!
"whee-oo-whee-oo! you just hit the jackpot, mofo!"
"okay, i'm still against the whole haiti relief fund thing, but i'm just tired of seeing all this crap about it  <propfemale>'s only doing this so they can look good in front of other countries because everyone hates us  it does absolutely nothing  x x"
"i feel like free running, but it's too damn cold and wet        ever just feel like stabbing something?"
"anyone out there ever just hold their pee in for a couple hours, just for that awesome feeling of relief you get from finally going?"
"how should it even be possible for one person to piss me off so much in such a short amount of time? it's like this person who shall remain nameless is trying to get on my nerves  insanity  i'm starting to think i'd be better off just being with <propfemale> all the time instead of even bothering to <propfemale> out with people, aside from a very small number of people "
blah  screwed over by oklahoma city  too long a damn trip to want to go there  even if there is a parkour institute there 
"oh joy my television's broken  the game i rented is now officially useless  sucks, cause i was really into the game too  now i get to just wait out the day  damned rain and it's ability to stop me from doing parkour  ¬¬\ \also, for those of you who know who i'm talking about, i saw <propfirst> up at wal-mart  dunno if he or <propfemale> saw me, but neither seemed interested in talking if they did  ah well, c'est la vie   "
"just a random update: i got a haircut  for the few of you who might care about it, deal with it  too late to stop it now   annoyed \"
"random disturbing urban dictionary quote of the day: \(disclaimer: if this offends you in any way, rest assured i care very little   laugh )\\the lion king annoyed \when having sex, you pull out right before you ejaculate and into your own hand  get the girl to face you and before she realizes it, use your thumb to smear some sperm across her forehead and say \simba\"" """
e e the internet bores me again  all i can think to do for entertainment is check fail-vids on youtube 
"american ninja warrior made it official: japan is clearly superior  \\seriously, the course on anw is a failure  it's like   half the size, difficulty, and sheer pwnage of the japanese course, then they follow it up with unnecessary semi-finals then they make you train just so that you can fail the japanese course because you weren't e playful ecting it to be so hard  \\ninja warrior is pimp shit though "
is totally getting cybertron wars when he has the cash!  laugh 
found an anime site with one of my top animes: excel saga  swweeeeeeet   laugh 
 laugh !! i love old people technology questions  i just had to go two doors down because a lady couldn't figure out how to use the closed caption button on her television remote 
"every time you vote team <propfirst> or team <propmale>, an adorable kitten dies  please  for the love of kittens everywhere  stop caring \ \ \side note: i don't hate the twilight books  you just have to look at them the same way i do  don't refer to them as vampires or werewolves, and completely blank out all the 'perfect boyfriend' garbs they've strewn in for <propfirst>  he's an obsessive stalker  and <propmale>'s a pedophile "
"aaaah, yes  epic <propfirst>; the odd attempt to save disney's characters from being completely favored by children and people who grew up watching them  i won't be playing it unless i can off characters i want nothing to do with  \ \\p s : kingdom hearts, ftw!"
"best one-sided fight ever: (found it while watching the trailer for <propfemale> vs  capcom 3: fate of two worlds)\\hulk vs  <propfirst> redfield  no clue who they are? google it  \\also: best fight ever annoyed \dante(devil may cry) vs  deadpool  again  google it "
i wonder when hollywood's going to make 'happy days: the movie'  the guy playing the fonz can jump a shark at the end of the movie 
"apparently, my girlfriend <propfemale>'s dog is an aethiest  i was going to the kitchen and passed a picture of jesus with a giant dog turd laid out on his chest "
"visual kei has some of the wierdest and coolest outfits for their bands i've ever seen  the only problem i've seen with them so far is they either look gay, creepy, or like chicks  androgynous folk are an odd bunch "
"i hate orientations  mostly because of the videos that come with it  they piss me off  i mean, seriously, i want to stab those people so damn hard  \\   upside is, i have a job   laugh "
"i don't hate my new job, but i hate the smells that come from bad products  ugh  i smelled so many new smells today    and not a one of them were good  dx"
"ohmuhgawd, syfy's running a 'greatest american hero' marathon  for you folk who know what i'm talking about, 'the shiznit' right?  laugh "
"when did i lose my ability to poke somebody    \    \   \  \\ \on facebook  o o\ \    5 in the a m  and i'm stacking 5 & 10 lb bags of potatoes  didn't suck too much until the later end of the shift   _ "
"and now it's time for the naughty phrase turned japanese of the day annoyed   \ \sapuraizu tsukiawase b?!!!\\if you figure out what it means, do tell  ben'll probably know though  so hurry   laugh  \\i'unno if it's right though "
"get to the choppa!!!! (sorry, i'm bored  e e)"
"i swear, if i see another <propfirst> bieber image, i'm going to stab him to death "
"well   apparently, my computer hates any website but facebook today, so i'm gonna go to family video and get assassin's creed ii and prototype  today's turned into a shitty day pretty quick  a really shitty day  -__-;"
yay i gots a new phone  if anyone wants the number it's (620)-717-1277 
agh  work is so boring today  the only good thing about it is i get to eat at subway  d:
i shall futterwacken vigorously 
golly-jee-willikers it's raining pretty hard out for just the storm just starrting 
i'm reobsssed with borderlands  again 
"alright, what the hell? i was reading up on the 'avengers' movie since they finally finished casting and it turns out they aren't keeping <propfirst> norton as the hulk  i mean there'll probably be virually no banner-time if it's an action movie but still "
i'm looking forward to my day off tomorrow 
question of the day: can a hermaphrodite join the nba and the wnba?
"epic walmart win: someone forgot to pick up a birthday cake so we  gget to eat for free in the break room  happy birthday, cakeless 70-year old  happy birthday "
nerdy question of the day(folks not x-men aware enough won't get what i'm talking about): what happens if <propmale> needs a pen?
squeeeeeee!!!!!! <propfirst> <propfirst> and guillerml <propmale> toro are gonna make a movie out of h p  lovecraft's 'mountains of madness!' finally a horror flick i have to watch!!!!!!!  laugh 
i seriousl hope noone pisses me off at work today  i'm in a badenough mood as it is 
god i can't wait till thursday  i'd like money again 
"days like today make me feel like i should be on 1 vs 100   that, or the people who do end up on that show probably shouldn't be "
"days like today make me feel like i should be on 1 vs 100   that, or the people who do end up on that show probably shouldn't "
"i shouldn't be allowed to watch commercials  it makes me insult companies, people and celebrities that are unassociated with the commercial "
"i shouldn't be allowed to watch commercials  it makes me insult companies, people and celebrities that are unassociated with them "
"woot  i gots a new toy! and by toy, i mean, of course, a shiny sharp pointy stabby toy   laugh  also, mnt  dew throwback is at wal-mart again  mmmmm "
"oh internets, why must you taunt me  i finally find my dream shiny stabby toy and with shipping and handling it'd cost 140 bucks  i don't think so, kid who makes square enix merchandise  i don't think so "
is slowly realizing how hard it is to chug monster from the import bottle  
i kinda miss having a ds  i wanna play the world ends with you again   dx
"sick thought of the day: in alabama, it's legal to freak with a porcupine as long as it weighs over 5 pounds "
"mmmm     mt  dew throwback, ruffles chips, and hot bean dip   eh  the cosmic brownies were still better  p="
blegh  i'm tired of people making big fucking deals out of nothing 
"there's a lot of rumors of a green lantern 2 and a potential third, and that they may affect reynolds role as deadpool   god i hope not "
you're damn right it's raining!! > laugh  today just turned awesome 
"how, exactly, did beyblade get repopularized   ?"
finally rented the new transformers game  tis bitchin' 
aaahhahahahahahah! *insane giggle* bumblebee's voice actor is ichigo!!!  laugh 
haahaaaaah  i just came off anestheeeesia   laugh 
"last bet we lost, we had to streak through the avengers mansion woth nothing but a <propfemale> cap on  till this day <propmale> cage won't look is in the eye "
yes  the ho-hos help soothe the darkness in my gloom hole 
"really, <propfemale>? reaally? iron fist? i didn't think they'd ever make a movie based on a generally unknown character  don't get me wrong, i'mma still watch it, but  "
"playing a game calles resonance of fate  epic battles, various comedic cut-scenes, but the bosses are waaay overpowered  still worth it  i'd say an 8\\10 "
"alright, so one kid kills a person then goes home to play wow and now we have to ban video games? be smart supreme court  if not, i scream commie and move to tokyo "
"and then deadpool staked \edward\""! the end!"""
yay my stuff finally came in!!
"ah yes, paper jamz  the guitar for fail-children who can't pick up a real guitar so they can rock out with absolutely no <propmale> of becoming famous "
so    the guy living in a giant nigh-impenetrable palace only carries 4 flourins on his person?? douche   *playing assassin's creed ii*
"just pre-ordered reach, can't wait  wooooots!!!  laugh  imma gettin' reeeaaach armor  x3"
"just finished vampires suck  didn't hate it, if nothing else "
"only three more hours of work, only three more hours of work   annoyed "
"milk, milk, lemonade around the corner fudge is made  but you don't want that kind  it's not any good "
"uuugh, i'm sooo hungry  t t i wish i hadn't forgotten my wallet at home "
"nulla e reale, tutto e lecito "
"3 days, 12 hours, 14 minutes and 35 seconds and counting til reach "
"just four more hours til i'm home, and i hope reach has gotten to the house by then  dx"
"ugh, i hate cooking  x x i wanna go play reach "
"so far, reach has exceeded my e playful ectations  forge hates the use of shield doors, so mapping something is a pain "
"just finished watching <propmale> of persia  good flick, but pales to reach's campaign   laugh "
"hurray, i'm going home sick  i'm soooo thrilled  e e"
"mmmm, <propfirst>'s chinese   laugh "
for those interested: arubato wesuka is gonna be in <propfemale> vs capcom 3  wink 
"jumping feet first into hell isn't your job, making sure it's crowded when you get there is "
"okay, reach's <propfemale> sucks  you're in a fucking turret!! shoot people! dx"
heey   you found me  you win a beer!
on a more personally apathetic note: pokemon black and white was released in japan today  it contains the next 150+ pokemon generation  yip-e-dee-doo  e e
woot! dissidia 012 [duodecim]: final fantasy has been announced under it's admittedly retarded name   laugh  can't wait 
i hate auto-flush toilets  just saying 
<propfirst>! where is my au-to-mo-bile?
"is feeling the urge to visit <propfemale> or tuscany     and beat the shit out a group of guards so hard, one will run in terror so he can shank the coward in the throat   laugh "
"kwansu, dudes!!    they love that word  it must mean, like, free beer or something "
"attention cod fags: you're playing halo, not your gay little call of fucking duty  stop  voting  for swat and snipers "
"johnny: ooh! maybe i can tell them i was hammered by the fact i found out i was adopted last night!\iggy: you were adopted last night? why didn't your dad just adopt you when you were kids?"
big time rush: proof that boy bands still exist 
fo' reeaal?!?!
i can't wait for assassin's creed: brotherhood!!!!!!! dx
"ugh, this storm's totally messing with my willingness to clean  e e"
"thinking on cleaning up my friend list  if you wanna stay on it(unless you already know i'm not gonna delete you), i'd suggest letting me know  o o kthnxbai "
"there we go, finished  44 friends left  i'm bad friend stock nowz!  laugh \\seriously though, if you're still reading this, enjoy  o o anyone else who can't, apologies all around, you either don't post things, post things i'm tired of reading, or i hate you  severely(if you can think of a reason i might hate you, i probably do   laugh )"
"y'know what would kick total ass? a golf cart built to look like a revenant, but with wheels  (halo: reach fans, you know what i'm talkin' 'bout   wink )"
oh today just went downhill real fast 
"is watching detroit rock city, aweso\e fuckin' movie   laugh "
"is it normal to want to bash your head into a wall, just as an excuse to leave work early? e o"
"finished the force unleashed  still a shitty story, but the combat makes up for it  also, gettin' muh new 360 tomorroooow  ^^"
"<propfirst> <propfirst>, why ruin a good thing with a sequel? e e"
solved my halloween costume dilemma  i'm going as myself     from three days in the fuuutuuuure  > o
anyone wanna buy some shit? i need cash for fable 3 
had to replay fable 2 due to an inability to transfer my old file to the new 360  completely forgot you could hax0rz for basically infinite e playful erience   laugh  only just got <propfemale> to join the team and i have a sharpshooter with maxed skill and toughness  making a will-user will be so easy now   laugh 
"early as it is, and i'm already waiting for the day to be over  damned xbox live update  just release it already! x x"
"saw a kid whose parents dressed him up as a yellow shirt from <propfemale> trek  smart move, but i wish they'd have gone for red shirt so i could run up to the parents and scream, \do you want your child to get killed?!\"""""
"waiting on xbox live to finish updating  it's painfully slow  also, rented fable 3  woot  can't play it til i get the damned update though  had to shut off my 360 twice to get it to work "
"leviticus 18:22 basically says two dudes can't butt-fuck  does not say anything against marriage  side-note: it also excludes lesbians  wink wink subtle hint!  wink  god loves lesbos \ \ \it's a shame i don't believe in all that, huh?"
"dragonball z question(as little as i care for the show): if the saiyans' power increases every time they get their asses handed to them, why didn't they just beat the shit out of each other and then use their oh-so-amazing alien regenerative technology to heal the almost dead ones, then repeat until godly?"
"i wish i'd been in the back when they brought in sodas today, they had brisk tea  i so wanted to ask the guy, \ lipton brisk ice tea?! where did you get that?!\"" and see if he got it """
"when the united states first sent began sending astronauts into space, they realized the ball-point pen doesn't work in zero gravity \a million dollar investment and several years of testing later, they finally made a pen that would work in space, on almost any surface, and in temperatures below freezing to 300 degrees celsius \when confronted with the same issue, the russians used a pencil "
so    what ever happened to the xbox 2 through 359s?
"and i think it's gonna be a long, long time til sunset comes around again to find i'm not the man they think i am at home  oh no, i'm a rocketman  rocketman, burnin' out my fuel out here, alone!"
"assassin's creed: brotherhood : best  game  ever  been up the past two nights playing it late mainly because <propfemale> actually wants me to play  thus, godly   laugh "
"okay, <propfemale> leaves for work at 11 tonight, and i have to be at work at 4:45 in the morning   guess who's pulling an all-nighter? dx"
"in the long run, there is no surviving a zombie apocalypse  you either get eaten, outlast everyone else then get eaten when supplies run out, or die on your own  also, what happens when there are no non-zombified people left? food source runs out, and they all drop, i'd imagine "
"in a one-on-one situation, \an eye for an eye\"" really only means someone who sells eyepatches just found two new customers """
"mmm    spam   god's greatest creation   wait, second  bacon tops spam   wait  third  spam with bacon is first   wink "
"a couple months from now, if i get to see less than <propmale> in concert  i only have to see rise against, go to japan and see <propfemale> nine, vivid, and d'espairsray in concert, and eat so much jell-o i throw up so i can see what it looks like, and my current bucket list is finished   smile "
"curious question: <propfirst> cullen's supposed to be a vampire right? thus, no blood circulates through his veins since he himself no longer has blood, being an undead and all     how does he get a boner??"
"thank god for my phone  <propfemale>'s got some movie called avalon high on  first off, it's severely lame  it's one cliche after another  second, they try to make the pretty-boys in the movie act like they're tough  one of 'em threatens this chick, and i looked up at his face and laughed  i'd have popped him in the jaw if i was her "
"blargh, christmas shopping is a pain im the arse "
"just found out vic mignogna was in <propfemale> layer  ( for those of you who don't know who that is, he was <propfirst> elric on fullmetal alchemist and deathscythe in soul-eater)"
"just a random thought: is there an actual term for 'fear of being serious'? cause i totally have that  also, does anyone know where i can find some hobos, and if so, <propfemale> me a carrot, some chicken wire, and a big backyard that's interested in the exciting world of prize fighting?"
"at what point did i die, and since when did heaven allow people like me?  love  *eating baby back rib flavored chips*"
"i wonder when someone is gonna make a realistic version of frosty the snowman, where frosty, realizing he is made of snow and doomed to a short life and prolonged death, goes on a murderous children-slaughtering because they weren't considerate enough to build him out of something less destructible "
"also, if i drank two 5-hour energy at the same time, would i get the full 10 hours? if so, would 35 get me a full week? because that would be super "
another birthday passed  whoo  e e
"best christmas and birthdays i've had in a looong time  yesterdays joplin trip could have ended better, but i got a brand new game for $25  <propmale>, if you read this, i got way of the samurai 3   laugh "
worst name for an asian-american child: yuu 
heheheheheh-awww     hehehehehe-awww  
"attention, peoples: whilst perusing 4chan's  b , i stumbled upon a comment  'what did it say?!' you might ask  someone at quakecon had lagged the server with the 16 tb of porn he had on his computer  your thoughts?"
<propmale> macchio: pedo bears longest relationship 
"guard: we have a code 37 in progress \<propmale> damon: jesus, again, <propmale>?\<propmale> affleck: haha! no, because i wasn't with a hooker today!"
"oh good lord, it finally snowed  now the high for today is 29 and tomorrow's 19    son  of  a  bitch     e e"
<propfirst> snipes is in jail   for tax evasion  blade is serving a three year sentence for dodging tax people   who's protecting us from vampi-*gaaasp* that's how twilight started   d=
anyone else notice the racially stereotypic aspect of some of the parents in the rugrats?
"<propmale> & kel could've been a really racist show, and all it would have taken was to change kel's favorite soda flavor "
"if <propmale> da vinci were alive right now, we'd all be taking our hoverbikes to work by now "
"for those of you who know what i be talkin' about, akihabara's re-opening for foot travel!"
"today at exactly 12 surprise 1:13, something will happen somewhere that may be good or bad, and also may or not be newsworthy "
"okay, question  let's say you make a clone, but you make the clone the opposite gender, while otherwise retaining your identical genetic code  if you breed with it, is your child your child, or is he another clone?"
"hey, man, while you're down there can you check on my <propmale> lucky? and by <propmale>, i mean - asshole, who ruined my momma's girl parts "
"just looked at lifetime's schedule   the fuck is wrong with these people?! nothing but depressing drama, death, and rape "
"settled in to the apartment  didn't sleep much though, and now i feel shitty and want to kill one of my coworkers for not doing a single fucking thing yesterday "
"okay first off, i came to the conclusion that ash in the pokemon cartoon is your rival in the games  \\also, i saw a black guy singing hokey pokey to his kid, and somehow it sounded a little racist to me "
i gots an iphone  i think it hates me  
found myself alone in the apartment this morning so i figured i'd play some music  my 360 decided it would be funny to ironically play the song empty apartment by yellowcard 
drinking pepsi from a coca-cola cup  mildly amused 
listening to rise against's kotov syndrome  to calm my nerves  i'm not sure if that's normal or not 
