49c2d8e3255d54d3d1a2e6276278198f
happy new year! woo 2010!
saw the movie paranormal activity today  great movie  scared the hell out of me but now i have to study for science  how fun -_-
got an essay to work on for english  how fun -_-
going to watch tmz  haha
i so do not want to run the mile tomorrow ugh!
got my costume yesterday  im gonna be a <propfemale> <propfemale> 
finished my book report  and now watching wheel of fortune  laugh 
"saw this funny quote today  \i'm happier than a bird with a french fry \"" lol"""
ugh we lost the game  7-0  -_-
for breakfast i had cinnamon rolls  yum! haha
listening to some owl city
watching ghost adeventures live show  lots of weird stuff going on 
been eating losts of <propfemale> today  no stomache ach   yet haha
"went to the dentist today  -_- on the plus side, got no cavities woo hoo"
"an optimist is someone who falls off the empire state building, and after 50 floors says, 'so far so good!'  haha"
yesterdays ghost adventure was awesome  best episode 
saw the thunderbirds today  it was so awesome!
"facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale> "
"now is a gift, thats why it's called the present "
just gotta say new <propfemale> was awesome!it was so hilarious  so now im waiting for it be on dvd haha
happy thanksgiving!!!
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
can't believe school is already tomorrow  notready to go to science class yet  sad 
done studying world history
think i did pretty good in math and history  but im not too sure for science tomorrow    annoyed 
just bought a lot of songs on itunes  laugh 
can't believe i got a b on my math exam yes!
finished a painting today  ill post a picture later
finally saw avatar today  it was: awesome!!! i wanna see it again  laugh 
had a great day today  went to my cousins birthday and played basketball and football with my dad!  laugh 
watching american idol  do some ppl really think they can sing 
not enjoying the rain - -
todays <propmale>'s (my dog) 2nd birthday! woo! haha
watching <propfirst> iglesias on youtube  he is hilarious!
yes i got my project presentation over with finally 
went hiking in red rock today  it was pretty cool to see the waterfall 
eating some doritos  laugh 
working on my essay  ugh its getting so boring   annoyed 
just finished 2 paintings  laugh 
nervous for tomorrows testing   annoyed 
had a pretty good day today
todays assembly was so hilarious!  laugh 
spring break has finally arrived!  laugh 
hahaha i became a fan to alot of stuff right now   playful 
"haha im on a \become a fan\"" spree  laugh """
had fun at the adventuredom with <propfemale>
happy easter!
had so much fun in lunch today   smile 
listening to hollywood undead - circles
watching <propfemale> lately   
laughed so much at lunch today  funny superhero costumes   wink 
   just laughed for like five minutes for no reason at all  haha  laugh 
just finished playing tennis and im red as a tomato  annoyed 
im tired of waking up early fro school  just want summer to come 
only 6 more days as a sophmore  cant believe its just 2 more years till graduation   laugh  high school has gone by fast so far 
summer here i come!
went shopping today  is it possible to buy too many shoes   
saw the movie knight and day  it was really funny  <propmale> cruise and <propfirst> diaz did a great job 
watching beetlejuice 
eclipse tomorrow!!!
eclipse was so awesome!
went to benihana for my brothers 20th birthday  pretty fun except i still feel full from all the delicious food   laugh 
just had a mccafe and i believe its taste so much better than starbucks 
im going to miami in august!!!  laugh 
went to the shark reef today and got to touch like 5 stingrays  laugh 
had so much fun at ashleys b-day party  dance the entire time  laugh   but now my feet hurt  haha
went to town square today and saw the movie <propfirst> st  cloud  loved it   laugh 
is not enjoying the thunderstorm right now   
a dog peed on me today    -_-
just got back last night from florida  had a great trip   laugh 
love the song e t from <propfemale> <propfirst> 
watching the titanic
watching the vma's and writing my english essay 
liked the vma's  i was entertained 
just got back from a <propfirst> <propmale> concert  it was incredible!!
cant wait for next weeks episode for the buried life 
woo! silverado wins!
this ghost adventures episode is one of the best 
"had a busy day  went to the new hoover dam bridge, which was really cool  then babysat "
just watched on youtube boy meets world the halloween special  miss that show so much 
watching halloweentown  laugh 
anyone wearing their costume to school tomorrow?
cant wait for frightdome tomorrow
had an awesome time at frightdome last night  got a high 5 from a zombie  laugh  !
had an amzing time at the party! now cant wait for halloween tomorrow  laugh 
happy halloween!
the new episode of the walking dead was awesome 
aviation nation was pretty cool and just finished eating raising canes  pretty good day   smile 
the ama's ending was awesome!
happy thanksgiving!
saw burlesque today and then went bowling  first time  cant believe i got 4 strikes 
the walking dead show just keeps getting creepier   
can't believe tonight is the season finale to the walking dead already 
tonights episode of ghost adventures is one of the best i've seen in a while 
tron was awesome!
christmas <propfemale>! can't wait for tomorrow morning  laugh 
