fdaace59093629d209fa0647494fed71
people need to stop dying
i've done more homework for this psychology class than i've done for over 12 years of school 
is the kingpin of procrastination
struggling   
it was horrible   
who drove in the ditch on 144 near mckendrie?
"i hate nights when im alone, i always wind up thinking about everything   "
so i need 500+ dollars worth of software for a 3 credit class    not happenin   
zombielaaaaaaaaaand!!!!! again
-_- fuckin snow   
say aah!
imma be
i need a ride home please  i will pay  call 410 500 7349
packing for colorado  smile 
exam postponed haha! fuck you calculus!
ill be at dereks!
i can make ya bed rock!
at the library     
i love life!!
off tomorrow because today was a 17 hour day
i love running  smile 
"umm   was definatly an amazing night hahahahahahahahaaajaaahajajaj!!!! people are great, i love my bed  gnight cp"
good music can solve anything!
sooo pumped up!!!
i think i stumbled on the best song ever
tiesto in the library along with deadmau5    time to make some progress!
juuuussst jammin ;-d
i don't need no love all i need is the dj!!!
wwwwooah!!!! hahahaha! what a night!!! i wish more stuff was happening locally though    
jam session
i can fix anything!!
"work so hard and get so little, my <propfemale> is being exhausted, but i still sport a smile on my face and look forward to drinking a cold one and hangin with friends :-]"
im at work till 6am bitches!!
hmmm   battle of the sexes tonight it seems   i miss my bed
ooohhhhh <propmale> county    
steady mobbin 
"it truely is not worth the energy to hate others, so dont exhaust yourselves people"
lots of good stuff coming up!!!
"well   i feel i was given some of the best advice ever tonight  my eyes have opened up to a whole other world it seems  i've been doing alot of things wrong lately, i love my friends, all of em "
why are gnc employees really fat or outta shape?
extremely busy!!!
"to everyone in our group last night and then some, thanks so much for making that an amazing frikkin night! i had lots of fun!!!"
maybe i should slow down before i speed up
ur a durty gurl ur a durty gurl!!!
my jeep is on fire > laugh 
partying naked tonight fo sho
hanging out with usher
think its time for a riot
oh man! what a filthy hot mess!
"i just want to fall asleep, this is so irratating"
somtimes    i can really just fuck up everything    
gym for the next 3 hours    fuc it
beach bound  peace
could use an epiphany followed by some reality 
scared money dont make money son
busted by osha      
oh why yes i did have an amazing day :-]
twas a good night after a long day :-]
amazing   just amazing!  laugh 
life is good these days  laugh 
well im definatly not normal   
it's hard not to smile after a night like tonight :-]
im gonna take a stab at this   
you take the breath right out of me
stressed out  anxious  worrying about everything   what a rotton day
im gettin me a new camaro
bared on your tomb i'm a prayer for your loneliness
home from work    now what
there's a perfect song for every situation
maybe today will be better   
"back from \vacation\"""""
"inception, zombies, and food  what a great night!!"
reloading!
i hate giant
im so tired of this shit   
hoookah!!!
your fucken nightmaaaree!!!
yay for thunder! im off early!!
numb    
words are trivial   enjoy the silence 
new york!
this is soooo unreal!!!!
and the reality of things slowly sinks back in 
tattoo at 8!
"pour me a shot of motivation with some willpower as a chaser, it's time to find some sort of purpose   "
worst lookin friday ever 
hoping for a better tomorrow 
the unmistakably brilliant <propfirst> stevens is coming to <propfemale> out  this day just got better!
the last excorcist was very disappointing
work at 3am so     goodnight!
this house just got a little more empty  annoyed 
i hate discovering things i didnt want to discover   
"off to the doctor, then tattoo at 8  hopefully they get my arm finished his time! maybe i'll post a pic   "
now that was a successful weekend! heheh
up yours bestbuy! i can install any car radio any day by myself!
pretty rough day so far  annoyed 
i am not a gardner   
why do we still try for things that we know wont happen   
anxiety has consumed me 
 laugh 
working on a saturday  troubled 
today was fun!
i most definitely will not be getting to sleep anytime soon  laugh 
this sucks!!!!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!! you guys are great!
"i appreciate and love every moment, no matter what we do "
deep in thought   
wishing there was more i could do   
i cant change the world but i'll be damned if i'm not going to try 
biking to mt airy   maybe 
monday already   still shleeeepy though!
 sad 
biking :-\\
very rough day 
my feet are freezing and it's preventing me from falling asleep 
field of screams with <propmale>!!
temptation!
out biking again  troubled 
i wish it was friday   
 troubled  here we go again!
monotonous routines   
just going to take it easy for a bit 
colorado for the weekend 
well then   
i'm a fat head  douche 
 laugh  this day got better!
"darkly, darkly, <propfemale> aversa > laugh "
sleeping will be next to impossible tonight 
their howls are sending chills down my spine 
rough day  im exhausted   
i have the urge to eat everything edible i can find in my house 
the true colors of some people can paint one ugly rainbow 
early day!
i must be the only fool to go to the gym on thanksgiving  haha! im strange
love it when a quick trip out turns into an all nighter  annoyed 
shitty shitty day    
today is going to be a good day  smile 
just two more months    so sick of this   
since when did christmas trees cost an arm and a leg   
pondering   
good things are coming up  smile 
i want to open my presents    but i made a promise to wait for a certain someone to get home from work  laugh 
my christmas tree fell over    it almost fell on <propmale>  laugh 
":,-  sleep seems impossible    im so cold "
could this day go any slower? another 13hour day -_-
confused 
fucking dragon lady   
looking forward to this weekend 
"and when i take the time to stop everything and think about my life for a few seconds there's no question about it, im the happiest ive ever been  i love you <propmale>!"
