67c7ba0c2bbccde6efdbe955c43eeedb
and the knife wounds still won't heal 
so    bringing in the new year i ended up getting sick  and i wasn't even drinking  nice 
florida!!  smile 
so tired!! off to bed 
 love  twiight  love 
just registered to be a contestant on wheel of fortune!! please call!!
on my way home    hope i don't go through a tornado!
boring drive home 
live life to the fullest- be crazy!
happy father's day!!
spiraling downward   
did you see <propfemale> <propmale> eat pavement? ahh that about made my day   smile 
transformers tomorrow!
you gotta go through hell before you get to heaven
transformers= amazing  i'll be seeing this again 
umm shall i scrap book?
bed calls    first brewers game tomorrow!
i hate drinking 
bed 
no true blood next week? lame 
i'm going to florida!!!!
interview at <propfemale> garden tomorrow at 3 smile 0 
where to go in <propmale>? can't make up my mind what we should do 
racecar is a palindrome 
it really freaks me out how much your knee cap moves  so voluntarily  ick  ugh  i really need to get to bed    but i just can't go   
i'm awake again  need lunch 
got  the job at <propfemale> garden!
waiting for the fireworks 
need a new bathing suit  again 
i really miss riding  it's like there is a hole in my heart the size of texas  or bigger 
whoever invented nair is an idiot  you have to nair first and then shave  defeats the purpose 
"if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  it can be anything you want, good or bad  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you "
goin up to eagle river today 
had an *amazing* weekend   love 
does anyone want to spend the weekend up here in <propfemale>?
i passed the praxis!!!!!!
"i am determined to get in the best shape of my life, grab life by the balls (eh you like that phrase?), and enjoy every waking moment without taking life too seriously and take one day at a time "
<propmale> potter was *awesome*
"the breadsticks at og are 210 cal  each   the white chocolate rasperry cheesecake is 2,000 cal per slice   so    eat up!!"
one more day of work    and then home? i just wish i could get to bed earlier!!
i locked my freaking keys in my truck  help!!
one of these days i'll go to bed at a decent time   
shopping for a waterproof camera   
finally has a day off tomorrow!
sending off a huge congrats to my cheer tater <propfemale>!!
the taco <propfemale> dog died  sad 
"hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work i go   "
bad day 
i don't feel very important today 
lucky's bar shall be seeing me again! soon!
i think i have watched <propmale> potter and the order of the phoenix about 10 times this month 
transformers is on   i hate writing anecdotes  summer school bites 
people- please don't forget to tip your servers  especially ones named <propfemale> that work at og in <propfemale>  it makes us quite sad  and slightly irritated   smile 
"shower, popcorn and a movie!!!"
"essen house thursday, fishbowls on saturday!!!!"
multitasking like crazy  i must have add 
das boot!  smile 
date  night  smile 
i have met some of the most amazing people *ever* here in <propfemale> 
fish bowls are fantastic!
i need to go swimming!
almost done with that stupid online class 
needs a new car asap!!  sad 
stupid summer school course done! now i have an independent macroeconomics course i get to finish before november 5th and pay $320 on!  smile 
don't let him fool you- <propfirst> wallin is really gay!
can't wait for camping this week!!
do i have to go back to work this week?
"for my birthday, i would like <propmale> garden gift cards  hehe!!  smile "
having a cold beer in a hot shower after a *long* day 
i really hate it when i put it all out there and still no one feels like they can can talk to me  tears me up 
watching wedding romance movies  such a loser 
i wanna go mini golfing again  anyone in?
the world's a better place now that i am back in his arms tonight  love 
i got my school placements!! i'm graduating this fall!!  smile 
anyone want to buy badger football tickets? full season set 
true blood  love 
going to the zoo- meet us there!
"graduation date= december 19, 2010 at 1 pm "
student teaching begins today  so nervous 
"working on homework, show stuff and eventually cleaning and making a list of what i need to do!"
i'm just feeling a little alone right now   
i'm so fat 
aw man    i am waiting to get sick  it's comin for me 
i am looking forward to stepping on point soil come friday afternoon  i may have to kiss the ground or steal some grass   
meows and minis in the morning!!
ugh i have to grade papers and my key is missing pages!
well    how do we all like the new <propfemale> trailer?
so tired    taking a nap 
45 <propfemale> to go!
i'm literally exhausted  i have no energy or strength to even raise my arm!
so today after my meetings i held back my tears as much as i could  i thought everything was going great  now i know  i felt like i could just give up 
playing <propmale>'s widow this weekend  or would it be <propmale>s ex since we're not married engaged????
hey    i think i can finally go back to work tonight 
so tonight i told a tv weatherman it's <propfemale> and rainy outside and to stay dry! *smacks forehead* he must have thought i was mocking him but i really had no idea who it was  until later 
so full from og tonight!!
i love how he knows more about me than i do 
whew  busy week and it's not over yet  driving to point for an all day meeting 
"oh man, nhl is back!!  smile "
i am going to punch <propmale> 
going shopping  for jeans 
i need to leave work asap tonight 
"what, is there like a football game on or something?"
just plain tired  it's beautiful outside!
oh so very tired 
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!  love  you all!!
friday please hurry up and come 
so frustrated with my cooperating teacher and student teaching  3 weeks to go before i move on!
getting information on getting my bridal consultant license (awesome for fcs!!) 
watching say yes to the dress!
i have work tonight for the first time in over a week  yikes!
one month until new <propfemale>! woot woot!
i have such a sexy voice *hack hack hack*
<propfirst> barclay is amazing 
going as that naughty <propfemale> garden server for halloween 
why won't my wii turn on?!
loved seeing fitchburg today   
my laptop has volume again! omg!!
watching ghost adventures  so fake 
has two tickets to the badger hockey game for tomorrow night  anyone want them?
happy whoreaween!
what is that costume with 'ok' written on the cheeks? i can't figure that one out 
holiday season officially starts today- so excited!
likes how <propfirst> is afraid of engagement rings 
can't wait for my last day tomorrow  dreading it actually 
done with first quarter- time to celebrate!
10 days till new <propfemale>- esctatic 
going into work early today    so i can get out early!
here in point till 2  i'm ready for a nap 
hates not being able to go to the hockey game tonight   sad 
<propfemale> meyer    you are severly annoying me as a fellow writer right now  i kind of hate you as well for your comments  if you had any idea   
feels neglected  une playful lained feelings 
officially world's worst gf  right here 
needs to pick up some shifts this week at work   
really needs help  lots of it 
can't stop shaking!
please pray for my grandma 
everyone have fun tonight- i'll be waiting to hear reviews  i need to have something to look forward to tomorrow  this day sucks 
reading new <propfemale> reviews- you people are morons  no one cares what you think  your opinions won't change anything anyways 
worst night ever  glad to be home  glad i don't have to work next week! tomorrow better be better with no tears 
i wish i was as pretty as <propfemale> <propmale> 
every girl with a dream and a best friend can be a <propfemale>  then where is my <propfemale> and castle?
i don't want to go back to work tonight  i'd rather live my life through facebook!!! the only good news is that <propfirst> is on his way home    and i will probably get home right when he goes to bed  great 
ok ok  i'll do it too    2 days left this week!
"i dreamed i was missing, and you were so scared, but no one would listen, cuz no else cared  when my time comes, forget the wrongs that i've done, help me to remember some reason to be missed "
fighting back tears right now 
may catch a movie later tonight- anyone want to join me? text me 
so much to do tonight!! i'll be busy- yay!
ehh i don't want to go to work  but i need to  better not be a long night 
"snow snow, go away "
sleep    so peaceful 
"ummm 14 inches of snow, 30 mph wind and high of 2 degrees??? see ya!"
french accents really annoy me for some reason 
"really, we're the only district still open!? while the others right be us are closed? my kids are going to be mad "
work is going to suck again tonight 
work is closed  mall is closed  i am stuck inside cleaning and packing!  smile 
white elephant!!
had a great time tonight with friends! time for a hot shower tho!
"pt holiday party was amazing! now time to christmas shop, pack and clean!"
what a waste of a day  whatever 
workin hard to get stuff done before florida  love 
uncle <propfirst>- you cannot take your truck back  not now  i'm just not ready to let go  sad 
why does facebook keep asking me if i need a new boyfriend????
lots to do before we leave on wednesday!
i don't like wrestling   sad 
i give up  bed is calling 
i might have broken a rib again  or it popped out  either way it hurts!
<propfemale> christmas!!  hope <propfemale> fulfills your wishlists  i love you all!
florida is almost here!!
"hitting people up for donations for my cancer benefit  if you would like to help out, contact me! thank you!"
i wish i knew a pt   
what will 2011 bring me? i can't even imagine   
<propfirst> tutera is so awesome he pisses glitter 
no resolutions for me this year- tired of being a failure!
would anyone like a a black dvd tower or dvd with surround sound (all speakers included)?
*sigh* of course the trip i have been waiting for since summer has to have record lows  so disappointed 
going out shopping! and to get some lunch   
it's a work day even for me today  sad 
teal 
so many good movies coming out this year!
how do you tag someone in your status??
i love mick murphy
"how did we meet? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!! before you do that, answer for me  wait   this might get scary!"
now that the weather is finally the nicest in two weeks    there is too much for me to decide what to do!!
going to manatee springs!
"depressed, stressed, overwhelmed  haven't felt this way in a long time and i don't like it "
god is helping me little by little    i can now be a sub teacher!
*sigh* i am not strong 
my emotions are draining myself  i need someone to vent to!  it was a far better day today though  i was actually smiling and laughing!
what would you name a family and consumer sciences course?
office party tonight! curse you <propmale> bayers and <propfemale> biere!!  love 
"i want to be honest with myself, and those around me  i want to be patient and let good things happen to me  i don't want to be pushy or anxious  i want to be open minded and not argue  this is it    i'm still young enough to change my life and i feel fortunate to realize i want to change so early in life! i'm coming clean- just breathe!"
"this year i am starting fresh   i want to be able to laugh things off and not worry about the small stuff  i don't want to be jealous, or judgemental  i want to be the good person i know i am and for others to see that  i want to be able to feel good about myself and know that i will have those life long friends that will always be there for me, and vice versa "
worried the show won't fill up!
does anyone have a sewing machine i can borrow have?
tomorrow is my last day of student teaching  i can't believe it's all over!
another day of work today- who is no longer at the og?
very much looking forward to a night out with my bff getting dinner and having movie night  i think alcohol should be involved!
i don't think i look like her   
i blew up a plate in the microwave  that makes 2 bowls and 2 plate  worst fcs teacher ever 
who wants to see dear <propfirst> with me this weekend?
"now collecting coke rewards    if you don't use them, send them on over!"
happy *7th* anniversary! i love you with all my heart mick murphy!!!
downloading videos to youtube takes *forever* i'm going to be sad if i come back from dinner and it says it didn't load properly   
we have an extra ticket for the hockey game tomorrow- text me if you want it 
what an amazing day!
is actually wishing for a snow storm?
i just bought the coolest thing ever!
i could go for some chocolate covered strawberries   
looking for a place to stay for the next couple of months   
can't wait to go home tomorrow- i miss everyone!
comin home tonight!
i have the best family in the world!
thank you to the wonderful tippers i had tonight  wink  *especially* my last table!
just breathe 
i need a new body 
i've got my first sub job tomorrow- yikes!
i have a spare hockey ticket for friday night for sale 
i fail at everything  i think i might just have to give in this time   
wiilympics tonight! go team australia!
ok- no one go to <propfemale> garden tonight so i can go home and watch the hockey game!
he’s lightning sparks are flyin’ everywhere i go he’s always on my mind and i’m goin’ crazy about him lately and i can’t help myself from how my heart is racing he's got something special  he could be the one 
anyone wanna go to a twilight convention with me this summer??  wink 
work 
i am going to watch twilight and you can't do anything about it 
i'm not sure what to think about the brother sister ice skating duo   
dear subfinder    please have a job for me for the next week so i can make lots of money 
i wear these red boots because they make my toes feel like 10 friends on a camping trip 
i'm starting to think vonn keeps injuring herself for publicity   
well hello little black cloud  welcome back 
gold medal game here at 2!!
i think i need  a slice of pie  wink 
i hate multi-tasking    i need to figure out how to do one thing at a time and then move onto the next!
interview on thursday at 2!
i must have some stomach bug  had to leave work early tonight  i think it's time to move on  annoyed 
i am sick and i can't sleep  worst combination ever 
3 hours of teaching and then home!
"take another little piece of my heart now, baby "
how do i spend my saturday night? sick to my stomach and listing <propfemale> wars books to amazon     annoyed 
feeling a little better   
but    who wants to go drinking with me this weekend? or week?
so close to just losing it   
i really need a bff right now   
i love <propmale> cook  i don't care what you think about that 
eclipse  need a date to see it with!
getting her hair cut tomorrow    nervousness   
well hello depression! you suck 
it smells like bad chinese food   
people don't want to see this at hockey games!!  <--------------------------------
missing <propfemale> <propfemale>  sad 
off to the doctors     sad 
i'm hungry   
happy 'wish you were <propfemale>' day!
audition for antm?? the only think i got goin for me is my walk    haha
just exhausted  i literally cannot move 
raised $3200 today- i'm exhausted   smile  thank you all!
i decided to go back to school!
anyone wanna do a walk for children's cancer at 6 flags june 26 with me? you get a free ticket if you raise $50!
"i'm feeling overwhelmed again and have no idea what to think or what to do  i can't get my thoughts straight  it would be nice to have some definite knowing to what i should do or what will happen  everything is a surprise   on the plus side, i got seasons 1 and 2 of bones  wink "
can't wait for this week to be over 
this weekend is gonna suck   annoyed 
"finally the weekend- passed my final, i'm an official qsl server  wink  now to endure the weekend   "
if anyone wants to do lunch or dinner today- hit me up 
regret is flowing through me   
life is good 
"looong day ahead- physical therapy, work  and then off to work "
i have a syndrome  can't remember the name though  hah
long day finally over  watching bones with <propfirst> snoring at my feet  perfect  love 
i am going to do something good for myself    look for a job (or jobs) that don't require me to injure myself all the time  then again it's not like i don't know any physical therapists   
*fingers crossed*- i applied for two teaching positions for the fall!
lost two jobs  sad 
great day coming to an end    sad  another one begins tomorrow!
go away sharp stomach pains!
happy easter! love this day!
"things i want to do this summer: 6 flags, the dells, camping, brookfield zoo, milwaukee zoo, photography, swimming, riding    anything else to add to that?"
how could i forget the most important thing to do this summer!!! ride!!
i think i shall clean today   and work out  after i run to the post office 
it's official-i'm a teacher! license came today!!
finishing up these orders (so many!) and then i am taking a break from sewing (unless another order comes up) and moving on to scrapbooking for a bit  wink 
lunch and a movie! and then cleaning!
i need some girlfriends *big sigh*
go badgers!
misses her baby!
animal abusers deserve the death penalty  i have a benelli i love to use 
no zoo for me today   sad  my head is going to burst and my throat might as well too 
"i refuse to be a gff mick murphy , and i need to see i am pretty in some way or another  that will help my self esteem alot more  life lessons for the day "
a family starts with two people 
oh i wish i knew how to make my hair all cute 
"<propfemale> and <propfemale> was a wonderful movie- now i want a <propfemale> necklace for when i cook, and to get my book published!"
"i need to find someone who doens't have time to ride their horse so i can help not only them, but me too!"
"wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has you in his arms, i have you in my heart! repost if you have someone in heaven"
making the apartment look and smell good!
it aint show jumpin without a jump off!
so confused with some choices to make  i need help 
subbing for a gym teacher today    yikes   
if you liked it then you should have put a ring on it 
has the most amazing boyfriend ever 
whoever though of making breakingdawn in 3d is a moron- and hopefully that rumor is false  idiots 
go hawks!
"happy living tip #1- forgive all who have hurt you, no matter how hard it was, and no matter how deep the wounds were  it'll make you the bigger person and make you a stronger individual "
happy living tip #2- be kind to everyone (no matter how much ou can't stand to be around them) as you never know what kind of troubles they are going through 
taking a hot shower to warm me up- i can't stop shivering!
"happy living tip #3- don't listen to what facebook surveys have to tell you! you have to pay to see the answers, and odds are, whoever said you don't look good in a bathing suit, is a bad kisser and doesn't have a cute profile pic, has never seen that survey in their life!"
i didn't get the job in wisconsin heights  how can i get e playful erience if they won't give me a <propmale>? i'm getting discouraged   
happy living tip #4- take one day at a time  enough said 
i have a job interview!!
procrastinating the doctors   
i had my first teaching nightmare last night  scary 
"god, please give me a horse to love  amen "
playing a wii scene it game is boring when you play by yourself  you always win 
the damn tears just won't stop! i'm such a sissy!
ok    going to the doctor's 
cant see a doctor without insurance now can i?
so i've lost 2 hours of work- on my first day- because they don't need me  why hire me then and make me lose money? looking for a new job already  geez 
maybe i'm not looking forward to this year  and certainly not next year 
must have more anthropology 
happy mommy's day mom! i love you!!!
interview today  so nervous!
i think i made some wrong life decisions  awesome <propfemale>  you rock 
going through the list of people i never talk to   
i give up 
i'll be buying my eclipse tickets on friday thank you very much 
i'm ruining the best thing that has ever happened to me  i might as well just dig a hole and crawl under a rock  i deserve the worst 
when you have feelings for someone that are strong enough you lose sight of the rest of the world 
what  you cant keep your turkey up? @mick murphy
congrats to all my pt friends  one down two to go!
office party by myself    yay   
it was so great seeing everyone tonight!
"all days are nights to see till i see thee,\and nights bright days when dreams do show thee to me "
i just want to randomly record and upload videos on youtube 
"i may not be that beautiful or the sexiest   nor have the perfect body   i might not be anyones first choice  but i am a great choice   i dont pretend to be someone \else    cause i am too good at being me   i might not be proud of some of the things i've done   but i am proud of who i am today  take me as i am or don't take me at all "
ugh    trans problems on my truck  fingers crossed it's not worst case scenario    we're hopeful 
i want to plan a 6 flags trip- been too long since i've been there!
i'm blonde 
i need $3000 to fix mytruck  yay   
things are looking up 
really booth? you couldn't tell her you love her? i'm nervous for season 6!
define 'soulmates' in one word  i'm curious!  smile 
i just feel so    lonely  i wonder if he thinks of me as often as i think of him 
the only thing i have to drink in my fridge that is cold is beer!
just dance has to be one of the best wii games i have played yet  must buy this! and put on shorts 
dear <propfirst>    watching this by myself    
"<propfemale> says flawed is the new beauty  psh  if that's the case, i'm gorgeous  \*sarcasm*"
i have 2 free passes to brookfield zoo- let me know if you want them  they e playful ire on the 31 so i have mail them asap!!
someone is trying to play smart with me on paypal- i'm not an idiot- you never paid me!
i'm going back to school!!!!
<propfirst> <propmale> died?!
i rented a bunch of crappy movies this weekend  i did enjoy <propfemale> in wonderland suprisingly 
counting down the days till i see your shining face again!!
wants to do a photo shoot of someone   something   
if you dont have love in your heart you have nothing 
reunited and it feels so good!  smile 
"wore a bathing suit today  epic failure  my self esteem wants to bury itself under a very large, heavy rock "
rain and a migraine     sad 
thank you for such a great weekend  cant wait to see you again  i love you!
mri next week  yay
i could really use a wish right now   
i'm a little afraid to work out today! my shoulder is messed up again!
somebody get me a diet coke stat and no one gets hurt!
"sometimes when i am sitting here, i will think of you and just be totally overwhelmed with a sense of love for you "
i wish i was in chicago to celebrate! whoo hoo!
he loves me    he loves me not   
so many life goals and dreams i have that i worked so hard for and that i want so bad    but they're just so far away 
i really want to bake and design a cake for someone  anyone have a special occassion coming up?
this saturday starting at 6- family video on century will be hosting a wii party with free pizza- come in and say hi! <propfirst> <propmale>
i missed the call  now i am freaking out  is it yes or no?
"\what's with brazilian wax jobs? it's like having hitler's mustache in your underware\"""""
i bought a baby cake pan so i can make baby cakes for friend's birthdays!  smile 
"i want to curl up with chocolate, a good book, cookie pants and my glasses, hair pulled back in a messy pony tail "
my boyfriend shall never go to the bars alone again 
had a great time with all the wonderful and beautiful pt people today!  i really do feel like one of the family  wink 
actually not looking forward to tonight and tomorrow  sad 
movie weekend! 1 down 5 to go 
ugh this is going to be a long night  i want to call in sick for next week already 
i need to stop watching wedding shows  im addicted 
won a brothers pitcher party  this week only lol tomorrow anyone?
remember- pitcher party tonight at brothers- bring a couple bucks and drink!
severely upset with brothers- they will be hearing from me in the morning!
very angry!! it is way too warm to cake decorate  all my pink flowers look like blobs  sad  and the icing is melting 
it's a girl!! and she needs a name!!   love 
6 flags tomorrow!!!!!
looking for my next victims to take to 6 flags!!  smile  had a great time today!!
oh no  a new wedding show and a cupcake show  i'm so in trouble!!
<propmale> thorsen is the shit  thanks for the 1000!  wink 
<propfemale> countdown!!
not feelin so hot today  frowny 
<propfemale> fox is married  sad 
has a certain person on her mind tonight *hugs*
i have alot of random thoughts and feelings runing through me right now 
"if there are any twilight fans out there that would like an authentic autograph from boo boo or tinsel (<propmale> and <propfemale>), please message me  they are $25 ppd each "
eclipse!!
i promise to love you every moment of forever 
truly enjoying the people pf walmart site    i am in a fit of giggles
"breaking <propfemale> will have multiple sex scenes, keeping it pg13- haha"
i promise to love & support you everyday of my life  all i need from you is the same and for you to remind me how much i mean to you
does anyone have season 2 & 3 of <propmale> i can borrow?
i caught finn climbing up the patio screen!
there is nothing on tv on sunday afternoons  dont want to work till 11 tonight  ugh 
"just love me  adore me  <propfemale> every moment we have together, and look forward to what tomorrow brings us "
i think i kinda dislike people right now?
"i dont know how i got so lucky to have a boyfriend like i do, and to have kept him for all these short years "
ummmm   hot shower  ambien  bed 
lunch and then tanning at my beach!
sad 
i don't know if he thinks i'm beautiful 
he thinks i'm beautiful   love 
i love being mickeys 'little friend'!!
"so tired    can't even get to the shower    had an amazing weekend! \good luck to friends at <propfemale> this week- post how you did!"
"just curious here, but how the heck do you plan your soon-to-be engagement? is that not all supposed to be a surprise???"
i have a small white shelving unit anyone can have for a case of diet coke    no joke 
i have a bump on my head that is sure to bruise  and only mick murphy will know!
trying to get everyone motivated and to the horse park!
free beer for me!! thanks guy!
really hopes the pink eye goes away soon   
"people  the world is not ending in 2012  that is a huge rumor, belief, etc  the mayans never predicted that  it is a western belief  i'm so sick of hearing about this!"
i'll just sit and sulk tonight  anyone wanna watch a chick flick with eat some ice cream??
"i really wish i could look into the future right now  or for someone to slap me, tell me to butch up and it will be ok, or someone to tell me they love me and it will be ok  i just need something cuz i hate feeling like i'm nothing "
 love  i really need to open my eyes a bit further and realize what amazing friends i have in my life  love 
what does every girl love? sexy lingerie 
i smell chinese food and i haven't had lunch yet!  sad 
i found out today that i do not like being tp'd while in the shower mick murphy
my laptop has a virus and i can't use it  sad 
i hate having all the time in the world alone  i feel so bored  i feel like i'm bothering everyone who does have a life at this moment  it feels like it will never end  i need a life 
what? am i actually nervous to get on a horse to ride this week? wtf is wrong with me?
i feel like i am the only teacher in my class who has not gotten a job for the fall   sad 
obviously i should be in bed now   
not bad for three years off    just walked out with a busted knee!! hahaha love it!
"usually, at parties, i am the drunk dancing and being everyone's best friend  tonight, i was the cripple in the corner  but    i can walk on the knee better!"
editing my book i wrote when i was 13     smile  fun!
my first book is currently in the first stages of publication!
proof copy is in the mail! it would be awesome if i love it and csn publish it right away! but i realized that i left some out of the dedication  sad 
it's so humid! i want to swim!
ugh  surrendering to the air conditioning  along with some water  humidity got the best of me 
"i just wanted to say- congrats to *all* wedding couples this month  those getting married, just got engaged or are popping the question  i can't keep up with you all so here is a public service announcement   wink "
"so i got out all my riding stuff after 3 years  dirty saddle pads, and leather  anyone want to come over for a tack cleaning party?  wink "
and    i'm fat  it's official 
interview tomorrow
it could have gone better- still not the worst!
"beingback in the saddle feels great- now, can anyone sponsor me?"
"i have horses back in my life, i found my soulmate, and i have a supportive family  my heart is full of happiness and love "
<propfirst> and i went riding today  loved seeing him in the saddle!
i came back to <propfemale> for nothing! (except finn!) and i have pink eye again
i wonder if he thinks of me and misses me as i much as i do him!
"waiting for the approval of my edited copy, then i can order another proof and hopefully will be available for sale by sept 1!"
i need to go back to school to get my mind off of things!
"i ran up my teeth and brushed up the stairs, said on my pajamas and put on my prayers  i turned on the bed and hopped on the light  it's all because you kissed me goodnight!"
get this  my work fired me because i didnt clean the bathroom  there were no gloves and i was in flip flops
i hope one of my wishes will come true soon  i need something to go good in my life!
i think i may want to persue my career as an author  now  what should my next book be about?
"awesome day at six flags, now another at the zoo!"
if anyone wants a futon- contact mick!
i need a good couple of books to read   
"there's a place downtown where the freaks all come around, it's a hole in the wall, it's a dirty free for all"
a big congrats to <propfirst> gilmore and <propfemale> <propmale> on their wedding day!
"every couple has their problems, but that ones that will make it and be together forever are the ones who can overcome those obstacles "
i need a name for my photography 'business'  <propfemale> nejman just isn't catchy enough 
i  love  my boyfriend!
have i mentioned lately how i love my boyfriend?
i want summer back! this 40 degree weather blows!
may be doing a book signing in november in eagle river!
"feeling down and out    confused, mixed emotions and freaking out on being back in school  already  *screams into pillow*"
"goals for today: deposit check, mail back books for mick and tali, clean room, clean living room, homework, go through clothes "
what   do i want for my birthday?
shutterfly studios
"now that winter is here, i shall wrap myself in my hoodie cocoon and come out a beautiful butterfly in summer "
"some people just love to rain down on your parade   but    this time, i've learned to let it go  off to the gym! (oh yea, i'm getting better on freak outs)"
finished sewing    now to learn crochet for some christmas gifts    not looking good! but    now i have time to clean  when i get home sunday   smile 
hopefully we found a show hall for show for the cure next year    so let's get the ball rolling!
"hey everyone! i need you to go to my zoo album, and vote for your favorite animal pic! thank you! (sorry, mick does not count)"
"have 3 photo contests i am entering, and i can't choose which pix to use!"
"\the key to a woman's heart is an une playful ected gift at an une playful ected time \"" <propfirst> connery"""
i love <propfemale>    so much i have to see and do!
"it is 4:45 am  mick just left to hunt, and i'm wide awake  too early to do anything so    i feel i'm gonna crash later today!"
"anyone ever see stardust? <propfirst> deniro as a gay pirate has been hilarious, and i want a sugar baby  i need sleep!"
i need something to make me feel sexy!! stuffy nose and congested face don't work well 
adopt an attitude of confidence 
"our backs ache, our skirts are too tight, our booty shakes from left to right!\hm  i don't find this offensive or suggestive    people are weird and want their 15 <propfemale> of fame  shame on them!"
"i hate being sick    what a waste of a weekend, plus 4 days!"
i have to make another to do list  but i'd rather write my book 
"flatter me, and i may not believe you  criticize me, and i may not like you  ignore me, and i may not forgive you  encourage me, and i may not forget you "
why am i so dizzy?
a mild concussion would e playful lain alot!
if someone wouldn't mind watching bones tonight and text me the details?? i have anthropology class   
"i got my first rejection letter today, but i feel ok- i'm going up north with <propfirst>!"
i'm a killer   sad 
it really bothers me when people flex in front of the bathroom mirrors and take self photos    hahah
i was denied financial aid  great!
woo hoo for hulu and <propmale>! i won't miss this season!
i need an artist to draw me a picture! or photo shop it i don't care!
alright computer people    i was typing an email the other day and somehow made my internet windows appear itty bitty    make them big!!
now for the other problem    what do i go as for halloween?
i love <propfirst> brand
"if i ever get married, i want <propfirst> tutera to come in and plan my wedding "
a day without you is like a year without rain 
i feel like the book i have been slaving over will be no good  sad 
"a fun day at the zoo, now i'm freezin!"
early birthday celebration with the family today!
"i have such an amazing, loving family  i hated leaving this weekend  sad "
"well    i was going to buy a blu-ray player tomorrow, but can't now since i don't have hd tv  damn  and you can't spend your bday gifts on bills, right?"
tali <propmale> saved my day with diet coke! thank you my dear!  love 
tomorrow's plan: study anthropology  work on book  work out 
oh boy  just signed up for nanowrimo!! little nervous!!
i like it everywhere 
revised: i like it on the kitchen table 
6 more days!  smile 
the room is spinning and now i feel like i want to throw up  i'm shaking too  is this the flu??
i'm actually looking forward to going to the doctor next week   
at this rate    i don't think any of my dreams and wishes will come true  they always just backfire 
eureka! a gathering if guidos!
"writing, writing, writing    now i shall clean! and make a steak dinner for myself, complete with a potato and wine  and a chick flick  i need friends    lol"
i typed so much yesterday that i have two bumps in my arms    quite strange   
going to pick up my handicapped boyfriend and our handicapped friend 
i will be a more empathetic girlfriend   
"they say true friends go long periods of time w out speaking & never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but   you will always love them "
wow- thank you so much for all the birthday love this morning!!
"had an amazing day thanks to my amazing boyfriend,friends and family!! thank you all!"
headin to tennessee tomorrow    trying to head to bed   
"finally in cookeville! now, what to do tomorrow?"
"lunch, workout, and then working on the to-do list that keeps growing!"
"to my model horse friends!! i am in need of 3-4 judges to come out to itasca to judge a cancer benefit show march 19, 2011! ar halter, cm halter and workmanship, and i would like to try and do of collectability!"
i love you- those three words have my life in them 
i can't eat *anything* without getting sick 
a day without you is like a year without rain 
"i'm just    i don't know right now  worried? upset? stressed? wish i had more reassurance, i don't know how i should feel right now "
"im beginning to understand you cant keep living in the past, so you need to embrace the future with an open mind and heart  it will be well worth it "
"i'm nothing special and far from perfect, i'm not the smartest or in the best shape, but i do have a heart of gold, and the will to fight for love "
"going to buy finn a new litterbox, and then treat myself (and <propfirst>) to a piece of pumpkin cheesecake!"
my boyfriend hid in my truck and scared the crap out of me!i
ghost adventures    who are you trying to fool?
anybody want to see <propmale> potter with me??
"getting ready to start the new job, really hope i can pull this off "
getting ready to go back to schaumburg    for a day and a half 
"i want you to make me feel like im the only girl in the world, like im the only one youll ever know"
"want a free photo shoot? engagement, family, pets, etc? send me a message!"
i love spending money i dont have!
i don't know what to be for halloween!!
i cant figure out half these costumes this year  ridiculous 
<propfirst> told me: your eyes have a little brown in them  like someone pooped in the ocean 
tomorrow starts nanowrimo   and i don't think i'll be able to work on my book this week  what did i get myself into? lol awesome weekend though!
54 days till christmas? when did that happen?
i need to do a photo shoot of a horse and rider stat!
"i want to get mick something super awesome for christmas, but alas i am lacking ideas "
how shower and a movie!
somebody    ask me how i am 
just entered three pix (so far) for an equine contest  yikes!
"so my boss said yesterday, last time it was 70 degrees in november in <propfemale>, we got a 100 inches of snow "
"missing her little pumpkin    it will be weird not snuggling tonight  sad \but    i think i shall make some breakfast and clean and study to pass the time away "
"right about now would be an excellent time to know my future (like, within this next year)  photography program = on hold = big  sad "
"alright, next plan for the day    let laptop cool off, clean and put away laundry and then work on my novel  wink "
"people    when someone holds the door open for you, you should say thank you  otherwise, we're allowed to let it slam in your face "
if anyone wants badger hockey tickets cfor tomorrow call me! 8473478982
i got the best compliment ever today at work!
"i think i am at the point in my story, where it's the climax  going to start to finalize the ending  hopefully it will be done for the contest! i'm so excited that my writer's block is gone!"
december 4th hurry up!
"i can't study at all    i'm so tired, and this class is a joke   sad "
"<propmale> potter is sold out everywhere, and the closest theater does not sell online  idiots!"
i think <propfemale> simpson's engagement ring is ugly  just sayin   
"someone, please send me a pic to color  i'm addicted "
watching <propmale>    these baby model parents need to be shot 
i have an overhwelming urge to cry 
hm  do i put up christmas decorations tomorrow?
"i wish i didn't have fat fingers, i'd love to buy <propfemale>'s engagement ring- i think it's prety now "
"is it sad that as i write this scene in my book, my eyes tear up? lol"
http annoyed  cgi ebay com twilight-eclipse-bella-engagement-ring-meyer-8-coa-g- 360232338595?pt annoyed h_defaultdomain_0&hash=item53df8544a3
"sometimes i feel my dreams will never come true and everything i think i'm good at, i really suck at "
it's done!!!
i'm starting to think i may not want to be a teacher anymore  sad 
<propfirst>'s coming home!
"parents    if you are going to have your child's pix done at a studio, please let the photographer do their job  otherwise playing with grandma's over to the side of the wall will only result in horrible pix that you will be unhappy with  and please tell grandma to lay off the perfume so i don't choke  thanks!"
hoping with this three day break i can catch up on photography!
what am i not thankful for?
"awesome  thanks to my stomach, i am spending the rest of the night by myself "
"i love amazon's black friday deals, with free shipping for a year and no tax whoo hoo!"
rip <propfirst> nielson  sad 
does anyone have a brochure from the chicago <propmale> musuem you can mail me?
"i'm itchin to start another book    have no idea what to write about! or genre  i kinda wanna write something of everything, but i don't want people to think bad of me!  sad "
i need books to read!!
watching <propmale> <propmale>    i forgot how much i love greek mythology
i wish i had a bff to gossip with right about now while christmas shopping! im pathetic   
i just    i guess i just give up 
i love to dream  only there do my wishes come true 
"remind me, and remind me often, of just how much i mean to you and how much you love me "
i don't know what to do anymore!
"thanks to all who told me i looked like a <propfemale> last night, you totally boosted my ego!  wink "
ummmm    i hate snow 
"when i grow up    i wanna be a writer and a photographer  \crap, that's now!"
i want new kids on the block  bsb tix for next summer!! lol
what do i tell mick i want for christmas?
"a huge thank you to <propfemale> pankow-ripp for being the first to read 'winter', and loving it  what an awesome sign  wink "
oh crap  amazon has holiday hot deals  i'm in trouble!
"i have to say, i am pretty in love with life right now "
i had the weirdest dream about someone last night  someone i could care less about and haven't dealt with since high school  same thing with a person from elementary school  ?
ahhhh i just got new photo editing software  can't wait to try it out after this afternoon's shoot!
"my excitement and awesome day just turned, like that  i don't know whether to laugh or to cry "
oh jamba juice  how ive missed thee 
i  love  boy meets world
so excited to be working up a clientele list for photography  thank you to catie koss for referring me!
hmmm should i create a website for being an author writer?
"k i was bored    here is my author website, in progress "
whoa  where'd that bottle of wine and chocolate go? oh yea   
"i thought i liked my co-workers up until now  \i've come to the conclusion i love them!"
oh the signs  stop it!
all of matc is open  except the south side  i don't want to do my final 
ooopsies   
"dear <propfemale>, you know what i want for christmas   smile "
"bridal plasty, a new wedding show   "
why is boudoir photography so e playful ensive? maybe that's what i should do instead    yeesh 
"there is  a necklace i absolutely must have on amazon's holidy deals and they're goin fast, but should i buy myself one?"
i hate how i'm feeling in regards to my final tonight  it's just left a bad taste in my mouth and i'm really discouraged 
"most people have a 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honour of someone you know has died, or is fighting, or has survived cancer, please copy and repost"
"greatest man in history named jesus had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe with your heart   merry christmas "
"really, professor <propfirst> ass? thank you for giving me my two worst grades ever for college classes  \excuse my vulgarity"
being home sick may have some advantages    i get to watch christmas shows all day and get in the spirit even more 
i would love to go to the atlantis resort in the bahamas 
"trying to book a cruise  why not? i want to say, screw it all  i don't care!"
i just got the sweetest email asking if i was writing a sequel to <propfemale>'s big day because it was fantastic!  please tell that to the agents!  wink 
good luck to all my pt friends on their finals this week  you all will do amazing!
i totally loved how to train your dragon 
just booked two nights at the chula vista  whoo hoo!
i really hate people who leave their animals in a cold car 
"i need an actual, real friend to sit next to me and let me cry on their shoulders  now would be a good time "
"i want to get a really awesome sweet 16 present, and need ideas  ideas?"
finn is being naughty! <propfemale> paws will be leaving him coal if he doesn't leave the tree alone!
"i love my family, had a wonderful christmas (other than a few incidents  wink  ), and am wiped  ready for an exciting day in chicago tomorrow!"
had a great time with <propfirst> in chicago at the nutcracker on horseback!
planning a trip to cali this year!
it's just getting harder and harder  maybe it's just not meant to be?
got a hat trick and almost dropped the gloves tonight  wink 
2 tablespoons of <propfemale> on a saltine cracker cures hangovers 
"<propfirst> is my <propfirst>, as i am his topanga   love "
"unless something else pops up, i am going to buy a new tv and ipod this year "
"to non-pet owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets  1) they live here, you don't  2) if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'-niture  3) chances are, i love my pets more than i like you  4) to you, they are animals  to me, they are my family who are hairy, walk on all fours & don't talk back!"
trying to decide which book to start   
i think finn is sick  sad 
does anyone know if bridal shows have info on becoming a bridal consultant?
is a bit of glow stick juice toxic to cats? i've swallowed some before   
my blu <propfirst> player will only play dvds now  help? ive tried unplugging it 
i want to start writing again!
attention sewers! how would you like to help make money for cancer?
we need donations for show for the cure  please help!
"now, no reason to be excited, but i would like to have a date for saturday when i go to the <propfemale> bridal e playful o    i need info on consulting "
<propfirst> <propfemale> party at my place tomorrow at 2- come if you can! (i won a free pampering session  wink  )
"novel #2, started "
looking forward to celebrating an early 8 year anniversary!
ugh  another reject for '<propfemale>'s big day'  can't wait to have fun with agents and 'winter' 
if you have disney rewards points that you don't use- please
i have characters clawing to get out of my head and on to paper!
"i am excited to say, my young adult novel 'winter' will make it's debut mid february! message me if you would like to pre-order a copy!"
anyone know how much it is and where i can find how to get a tax exempt number for a non profit organization? irs gov is all spanish to me 
"ummm  i really could care less about the bears and packers, thanks  but i do enjoy reading your rants "
i'm a huge nerd and rented <propmale> potter * hbp for wii  i beat it last night  ha
"i dreamt of you last night, and realized that i miss you to no end  it'll never be the same, and you're nowhere to be found  sad "
"i can't write a good query letter! i write books, not letters!"
had the most amazing dream last night 
"as asked below, i'm doing likewise annoyed do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
there are too many free kittens on craigslist  i want to take them all home!
life doesnt wait for you to get back on your feet 
psh  who cares about football? it's all about hockey and horses 
"20 days, 7 hours and 10 seconds to <propfirst>'s day  what are you getting for your loved one?"
i was pretty much told i'll be a girlfriend for life today 
who was i to think that my book would have an instant appeal to agents? idiot  fail 
"thanks to my wonderful bf, my day was made much better "
"i have an opportunity to get back into riding, but i'm still slightly hesitant  *sigh*"
"if you were transported into another world and the people needed your help, what would it be for?"
"i pulled winter from amazon, for now, because with some help from mick, i realized it was far from my best work, and it was not really ready for others  so it's still in works  wink "
alright  what snow storm?
"dear god, you must have known i am feeling horrible with this migraine and stoach issue, therefore you cancelled class  love you lots, amen "
watching mick shovel off his truck to go bring a stranded neighbor home  this proves even more how amazing he is   love 
where's a good place to buy a laptop?
"more snow on saturday, till tuesday "
screw you walmart! i hate you even more now!
my head is spinning with all the excitement of stuff for the show next month and next year!!
happy 8 year anniversary to the most amazing guy out there! look how far we've come! i love you sooooo much!
found a new favorite book   
"who is lombardi, why is he home, and who won?"
"migraine    you have <propfemale> around long enough, time for you to go!"
yeesh    will i ever feel normal again? i'm sick of being sick!
attention horse friends! i need a picture of a barrel racer that i can use for my next book!
i need to get back into riding   sad 
very much looking forward to one of my favorite traditions with my <propfirst> tonight!
best valentine's ever!!!! i have an agent interested in winter!!!
"work day today, hopefully, as now i'm sick (thanks mick murphy) and it's all in my ears making me dizzy! and i can't hear a thing lol!"
was at the bookstore and only managed to spend $31  i could have spent another $500 or more 
"keeping a long time friend in my prayers as i learned tonight she battled breast cancer, but now has stage four lung cancer  please keep her and her family in your prayers "
hoping to submit my manuscript by this weekend! eeeeek!
whpoo i am home at last! thanks <propfemale> pankow-ripp for taking my shift tomorrow!
iiii want <propfemale>'s wedding dress from her new video 
i've said it a million times before and i'll say it again    i love my boyfriend  he is the best!
"alright  now i am stressing,"
"just sent 'winter' to the agent  send good thoughts my way, i was so nervous presssing send!!"
"i really wanna enter a beauty pageant  i'd be a huge loser, but it would be fun to get all glitzed up  thanks toddlers & tiaras   "
i'm getting closer and closer to doing it 
"picked up 8 books at the library, and i have about 5 to read here  life is good "
my cats so stupid he cant even catch the mouse thats pooping all over our apartment   worthless   anyone want a free cat?
i think i love my coworkers even more now   
wow  it's official  i'm a bigger idiot than i thought i was!
gym  shower homework  clean  read 
why are boys so daft?
i need a music buff to help me   
"relationships have their own roads that they take in their own time  for me, all that it matters is that we have each other, and we'll be in love till the end of time "
the high school i student taught at is hiring  keep your fingers crossed for me!
one of these days ill be on the kiss cam  sad 
really hoping to go to the midwest horse fair for atleast a day!
stop snowing!
i'm sick  feel free to come over and make me soup 
"back to schaumburg tomorrow, huntley saturday, then chillin alll next week  brookfield anyone?"
"'whatever you give a woman, she will make greater  if you give her sperm, she'll give you a baby  if you give her a house, she'll give you a home  if you give her groceries, she'll give you a meal  if you give her a smile, she'll give you her heart  \she multiplies and enlarges what is given to her  so, if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of shit '"
someone please go see red riding hood with me while i am in illinois!
playing on my new laptop    ever mention how my mom is the best?
so something is wrong with my phone  woke up to 37 new but old texts  i apologize if you got something early this morning 
not cool  my butts not fillin out my jeans as much!
what are some good iphone apps?
since when does amazon hand deliver boxes at 730 in the morning by calling you first?
"i have: 3 phones, a laptop, curio cabinet, coffee table and dvd stand for sale  any interest? i'm home till sunday "
i kinda find it funny seeing all these certain people i grew up with now getting married and having kids    never saw that coming 
"if anyone is out and about on saturday and would like to support a great cause, come out to my cancer benefit in itasca at the holiday inn!"
headin over to the holiday inn to set up for the big day tomorrow- yay!
"wow, can't even begin to begin to e playful lain how amazing my family and friends are  thank you for such an amazing show!"
ugh  i don't want to go to court next month  so stupid 
truly saddened at <propfemale> <propfirst>'s passing  frowny 
i'm starting to love the fact i'm a dork  if you can't accept my interests than poo on you 
grape  lol
the list of people poking me keeps growing   
writing a kids book while enjoying a cold one 
"sometimes, i just want to smack my head against my desk "
wish i had something to look forward to   
"rest in peace knut, young polar bear "
"tons of anatomy stuff here for sale!!  smile  flashcards, books    and an mla guideline book!"
ahh photo contest results come this week!
i had the sweetest guy come in to have his girlfriend's beloved kittens photographed for her for her birthday surprse   smile 
i can't stop crying  sad  i was doing so good!
soooo tired  just need a looong nap 
had a dream last night the agent loved winter and wanted more  i hope this is a good sign! i haven't had a preminition in awhile!
spring cleaning  after lunch 
"i'm over it  i'm tired of it all, it just stresses me out  so it'll never happen  i guess it's ok  it's not meant to be "
just about ready to give up being an fcs teacher
"i love looking at clearance items at jewelery stores  so many awesome deals, just wish i had the money to treat myself  wink "
"i need someone to fix a model horse ear  please    if you can resculpt ears, please let me know "
i don't know what's wrong with me lately 
