bf436342339374037b1bbc23be2a278f
thinking about fresh starts in a new year     and tacos   
i got steppin razor! woot!
completely stoked to be going back to quest!
"stoked for quest this weekend, but i either need to find a ride or to find someone to take up   "
"a few things, one, to anyone who has text me and not gotten a response, i'm not ignoring you, my cell got shut off     and two, anyone who helped bobi and i move is invited to a party on sunday after quest     call me for more info because i can get messages and calls, just not send em "
"don't <propmale> the will 'o' wisp, it's filled with <propfemale> and rape! response:  i like <propfemale>!"
finally finished writing koriat's backstory     waiting for comments on it
happy birthday to me     please note sarcasm   
our band needs a drummer     just watched the rocker and it depressed me lol
"ok, i need to find a new guitar     anyone selling or know someone who is?"
i just found out about disturbed's new album  'asylum'   status=totally stoked
"looks like i'm driving to quest, anyone need a ride?"
"bullet just released their new album \fever\""      one word to describe it   epic"""
putting the finishing touches on the new quest gear     stoked as hell for this weekend!
it's a frappe!  your taste buds can't handle flavors of this magnitude!
two days off     so excited     anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
i am so sore     it means we did awesome as npcs     hope everyone had fun!
so i've decided i need to take my camera to the next quest event     and possibly bribe an npc to follow me around as my photographer   
i'm so bored     and i have to work in 3 hours   fail adult life   
so <propmale> is apparently running a mod for me at the start of game friday     i'm terrified and stoked all at the same time   
"i saw like 17 people with cameras at the event this weekend, and only <propfemale> has posted pictures     who's holding out?"
so     bobi and i decided to quit smoking today     *gulps* i apologize in advance to anyone i snap on   
"day 4 of quitting     doing pretty well, i'll admit, i've smoked a few times, but all in all it's going pretty well   not quite as bad as i thought it would be"
going to gamers club to fellowship with my compatriot nerds!  huzzah!
you know those times you realize that you hate your life? my whole life has become one long series of those moments   
"off all weekend, looking for something fun to do? anyone?"
"chillin at <propfirst>'s workin on lyrics    the only thing missing is beer, and torque   "
"wired up the new <propfemale> system last night, it sounds freaking awesome can't wait for practice saturday night, but for now, another 10 hour work day      ugh   "
i really don't wanna be stuck at leed's till 10 again    ughh   
definitely just realized how psyched about going back to quest i am     hopefully its a better year for me 
"finally free from the tyranny of leed's for 2 days!  i should probably start working on ciario's new armor, but i kinda feel like the work week has drained me of <propfemale> to do anything but be a couch potato   "
"my brain hurts from trying to figure out the stats ciario is coming back with, as well as weapon and armor designs    sigh    only like 3 weeks to nail it all down   "
"so the wow killer does exist    i was doubtful at first, but from everything i've seen rift is gonna blow wow out of the water"
so just curious    is it egotistical to like the band you're in?
love the new quest rules updates    except for fighter seeming kinda under powered now   
anybody who hasn't yet should check out our band @liberalis and like us! we have a couple gigs lined up and we're working on mixing  writing our first album   come on people we need groundswell!  wink 
"so i'm stuck between three kits for quest and need some help deciding, any (serious) response would be appreciated  the choices are battlerager (shockingly) cavalier-knight, or man-at-arms  any thoughts?"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  do it!!!!!"
"pauldrons: done  back plate: done  bracers: 3 4 done  kidney belt: done  sword frogs: half done  chest: half done  still got a lot of work to do, and i haven't even started my swords    sigh"
"i'm absolutely stoked for this weekend! almost everything is done, i just need to design my crossguards "
"i'll be at quest tomorrow morning, with my in game brother and my out of game wife  wink "
sigh    now i need to design a mace and a new shield for ciario   
"dude today doesn't end    i feel like i've been stuck at work forever, and there is a perfectly good paycheck in my pocket, waiting to be spent"
"definitely nailed down another song last night, practice was great, even though it was freakin cold!"
stupid leeds    cutting in to my much deserved weekend with <propmale> overtime    grrrrrr   
free from the tyranny of work! now i'm amped up for practice tonight
finished the decklist for my new incarnation of artifact deck    now to buy all the cards    sigh
"first show down    albeit it was a mini show, but it still counts   we definitely had a full on mosh pit for shoot the messenger  all in all, great success "
and back to the daily grind that is real life    i guess i'm just a weekend rock <propfemale>  wink 
