c9c39c486a65e5a1e56b27f81e7ce8d2
"lol, byu sent me a letter telling me to consider their school playful  silly mormons, they should think twice about who they send those to! haha"
im chillin in so cal with my lil cousins!
go saints!!!!
slappin dat bass!!
new laptop!!!
"coolest smiley ever  <(^^,)>"
got a hair cut!
senior project = done!!!!!!!!
"so i'm pretty sure the hurt locker was the most \eh  \""  movie i have ever seen"""
fuck 
well   my dad lost his job  my mom only works part time for minimum wage    our rent alone with out utilities groceries and other essentials is $1400  thats 400 more than my mom brings in  i don't know what we're going to do 
i'm in a crazy good mood right now! and i really don't know why playful 
"just got my phone replaced! i lost a lot of <propfirst> though, i only have the ones that were saved on my sim card, and that wasn't too many   so if you could please just text me your name or send a message that would be awesome!"
damn swa 
dude  have some pride! be more immature!!! -<propmale> <propmale>    quote of the night smile 
"there are roughly 325,000 dots on holcomb's ceiling  just thought everyone ought to know this "
the movie kickass pretty mucch kicked ass!!!
anyone wanna chill? 916-521-4095
"hey, do seniors go to school late tomorrow? or when does that all start?"
get to sleep in on my bday this thursday! it's gonna be legit smile 
"me: what are you doin' after school tomorrow? kris: i don't know yet, but i know what your thinkin'!  haha, good times playful "
happy 4 20!!!!
anyone want an 8g ipod touch?
new kottonmouth kings cd is pretty damn good playful 
gettin off the comp
new iphone and cod 2
i was listening to you talk and then all of a sudden i heard you say        what??????!!!
how's life everyone?
just made 40$ babysitting! pay me 40$ to watch spongebob with a 10 year old? why of course smile 
"i have a question  why does <propmale> oro call the tickets to dances \bids\""? why is it \""buy your senior ball bids\"" instead of \""buy your senior ball tickets\""? ever since freshman year i haven't quite understood that """
full tank of gas smile  the feeling is almost orgasmic playful 
"cars are clean now, crisis dodged "
"am i reading the directions for the letter to the judges correctly? does <propmale> oro really think that every single senior is going to have an epiphany because of their senior project? are you kidding me? they think that because its in the directions, they can require us to have an epiphany??? well the only epiphany i have had because of this is that senior project can suck it "
great senior ball smile  and awesome time after laugh  now for recovery day playful 
i am so ready to graduate 
practice speech round two tomorrow  sweet 
"10 minutes late, just like every other day playful  seriously, i just don't care "
i don't need magical powers! i just need a good immune system!!! -<propmale> lozancich circa <propmale> year smile 
the only place you need to e playful lore is inside yourself smile 
"just made a bebo! you guys who have one should add me, and everyone else should make one! haha"
"what do you do with 365 used condoms??\\answer: melt them down, make a tire, and call it a goodyear smile )"
"2 classes left today, then senior boards, which are going to be a breeze, then english and sports med finals and then im done!!!!"
victory is mine!!! senior boards are over and in never going to have to deal with that again!
someone should txt me!! 916 521 4095!
stir it up smile 
rivercats game today playful 
last monday of high school tomorrow? yes yes yes laugh 
the next sentence is true  the previous one is false  contemplate that for a bit smile 
a person with phobophobia is mortified of developing a phobia 
"turn left as soon as you leave the house tomorrow  if you don't, you might regret it for the rest of your life, just wondering what might have happened playful "
remember back in the day when the school book fair was the shit?? lol
who else bought an assc activity sticker for <propfemale> college? because i got one with my parking permit and i have no idea what i'm supposed to do with it   it is for wireless access and stuff   but i'm not sure what i'm supposed to stick it to  
"my little sister is blasting pursuit of happiness by kid cudi in her room right now! lol, i think i've taught her well smile "
last night was legit playful 
this weekend was epic!!!  laugh 
earliest class for <propfemale> next year    12 smile 0 laugh  class on fridays? hell no! shitty classes i don't really want to take? hell no to that one too laugh !!!
one more day of high school       
"as ready as i am to graduate, i am still gonna miss this place  "
me and <propmale> almost just got trapped in a parking garage playful 
 laugh  graduated  laugh 
headin out for <propfemale> <propfirst>!!!!
best camping trip ever!!!! too bad it's almost over annoyed  good memories though!!!
home!!
56 more minutes   
"the song playing with fire just came on at the same time as a fire truck speeds past me!! haha, that was funny playful "
does anyone know how to jailbreak an iphone 3gs with software version 3 1 3?
@_@
awesome  the power comes back on just as i'm walking out the door 
boating on folsom lake tomorrow!! anyone want to go?
new iphone software is legit!
if you don't live for something you'll die for nothing!
17 hours of sleep      holy shit 
what up everybody!?
lately atreyu has been all i can listen to playful  epic band!!!
"i have a serious question   if you can help me, please do! ok, here it is  why the fuck is there a 'g' in the word 'sign'????? i would understand if it was sine, but i just can't understand why g means the i should make a long i sound  if you know why i would appreciate it if you told me "
boondock saints was a legit movie!! definitely one of my favorites
inception was crazy!!!
hello world!
malibu's most wanted!!
interview at calfit tomorrow!!!!
stuck in oak park after dark    fml 
final interview for calfit tuesday!!! wish me luck!
cal fit's newest employee smile 
"if i owned a race horse, i'd have to call it gunnabee glü"
i feel like i shouldn't be awake this early  but it's all good! early morning bike ride sounds pretty good right now laugh 
go raiders!!!
"yaaaa!!!! just dropped my phone then snatched it mid air like a ninja playful  haha, thank you cat like reflexes smile "
first college assignment = done!
"sometimes i want to copy someone's status, word for word, to see if they notice"
"closing tomorrow at 9, then opening sunday at 6am     sweet "
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
"flaming shot goes wrong! (awesome vid playful )\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=j-4oaq9j7ke&feature=youtube_gdata_player"
who's down for football monday at 11 smile 0 at d o ?
just got a 93 2% on my first college exam laugh 
go saints!! kill favre!
who dat!?!?!? go saints!!! whoop!
what's up world!?!? txt me!! 916-521-4095!
cowboys or redskins???
yay 3 hour music class   
saints!!!!!
watching the facebook episode of southpark playful  hahaha
can you spell dysfunkshonul???
surprise! midterm essay in english today  sweet  pretty sure i nailed it tho playful 
most boring 3 hours of the week starts now 
anyone want a free day at cal fit? hit me up!
raiders beat the chargers 27-35!!!!  laugh 
go raiders!!!
"anyone want a broken xbox 360? it reads dvds and cds, just not 360 games "
we let it rip!!    when we got the money    let it roll!!    iff we got the gas    it gets wild! haha
time for an itunes library update  anyone got any good songs i need to download??
proud owner of a blackberry torch laugh 
that was freakin scary 
93% on my psych exam  laugh 
if anyone is interested in a cal fit membership start up fee is only 12$ this weekend!
does anyone actually use twitter?
what's everyone doin for halloween???
is it a good or bad thing that i can't remember the last time my room was this clean?? haha
let's do it raiders!!!
"who feels like a road trip to southern cali february 16th to see avenged sevenfold, stone sour, and hollywood undead for their nightmare after christmas tour!?"
yes! college!
"i intend to live forever  so far, so good smile  haha"
"quicksand  quicksand is a scary mutha, man  you think everything is fine but then one thing goes wrong, and then another, and then another, and no matter how much you fight, eventually your in over your head "
"if i had a time machine, i'd go back to this morning, tell myself to call in sick, and just stay inside all day  yes  that would have been better  oh well, got hella hours this weekend at least playful  life goes on"
scoot over lucifer  i'm more ruthless  -biggie smalls
just picked up an extra 12 hours a week at cal fit smile 
damn good game for thanksgiving!!!
"there is no such thing as perfection, only an ongoing pursuit of an ideal "
"we should live life like dogs do  if you can't eat it, hump it, or piss on it, just walk away smile  haha"
nice round of office golf on my lunch break playful  back to work till 1030 
"crazy day  everything will work out though, i'm sure!"
"its sad that saying <propfemale> christmas instead of happy holidays is frowned upon in <propfemale>  we celebrate christmas here, not 'the holiday season'  sure, some people celebrate other winter holidays, but you don't have to be christian to be <propfemale> on the 25th any more than you have to be <propfemale> to have a good st  <propfirst>'s day, or mexican to have a good cinco de mayo  fuck happy holidays  <propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!!!"
i like to dance naked
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
anyone have any super nintendo games they don't want any more?
"when i was five my favorite movie was the gremlins  that aint got shit to do with nuthin, i just thought that i should mention it "
words are words and promises are promises  -100 5
