cc0dc315cfdeea24e91d90025cfdaa35
"sorting things is never fun   i mean, what exactly defines something necessary?!"
"is glad my things are packed, but now can't find a good crabcake recipe     sad "
i do wish mississippi had weather like california   i'd never leave the state if that was the case!
"we made it over the pond!  and, the best news? we said goodbye to sprint!!  it is odd to not have a cell phone, though    "
"thinks aachen is amazing   we will post pictures soon, but as of now, we are short on internet time!"
i feel 15 again: i got my <propmale> drivers' license yesterday!!
is tired   getting up early to go to luxembourg!  adding another stamp to the passport!
i'm soooooo ready to be in the house   
we move in tomorrow! yeah!! it might be a while before we are online again; rumor is germans don't get in too big of a hurry to process those requests   smile 
"is happy to have the internet back!  we are almost settled in, yeah!"
has a broken toe and shingles   and my hair is turning more grey   i'm e playful ecting my aarp membership card in the mail any day now   
is a bit homesick   i miss the sound of a southern accent!  wink 
"loves that my fb is in english, except for the ads   that is hilarious!"
"says shingles stink    i itch, so i scratch, then it hurts    a vicious circle     sad "
"is glad the house isn't as bad as it was- not as many boxes left, thankfully!!"
is sooooo happy the temporary funiture is gone!! bless those sweet dutchmen for taking it away!
"i am so, so, so excited!! i just found out that i'll be able to watch the rebels tomorrow night friday morning   what's 1 smile 0 a m  mean to me anyway?"
"had a fantastic cappuccino earlier at dinner to get me through til 1 smile 0 to see my rebs!  i'm so ready to see some sec boys play; poor <propfirst> is out for the count, though     wink "
"it has turned off chilly here!  i can't believe it- and, it's getting dark earlier   i love fall!"
"'whenever you stand praying, forgive, if you have anything against anyone; so that your father in heaven may also forgive you '"
time to turn on the heat; it's 55* for the high today!
has to find motivation today   i'm just running out of steam with all the unpacking   <propfemale> was right- we do have a lot of stuff!
is reminded of home today: 70% humidity!!
"i'll be home in less than a week, wow!  i am excited!!"
"is packing    sorta packing   hilarious, for the past month i've been unpacking  do you know how difficult this is considering i don't know where things are?!"
"figured out the heaters today!! i'm so thrilled, even though this probably sounds completely simple to everyone else    i'm still excited!"
is laughing at her nephew playing golf in the living room   he loves golf!
is sad my little buddies went home   i love spending time with my niece and nephew!
"really wishes i'd brought a heavy jacket with me   but honestly, it isn't easy packing a bag to visit mississippi   you never know what you're gonna face!!"
"visited my great-grandmother this evening   she is an amazing woman, 97 years old and sharp as a tack!"
"got new games on the wii, courtesy of my sis!  love it!"
"is 'bout to make some chili   perfect cold, rainy night for something warm and spicy!  maybe garlic bread, too   hmmmm     "
had my 1st round of orientation today for the new job; i think this just might be a lot of fun!
"feels terribly guilty- i made a red <propfemale> cheesecake saturday, and it is sooooo amazing   i'm sure it's a sin to eat like that   diet, what?"
"is so ready for saturday, but what shoes do you wear in <propfirst> when it's supposed to rain?!  i mean, you gotta look cute for the pictures, but the feet have to be comfortable, too, right?"
believes that saturday was a fantastic day all around- great traveling weather and the rebs won! geaux rebels!
is packed and ready for london   i even bought ear plugs in case foghorn leghorn is on this bus trip again 
"loves the cold! come on, snow!!"
doesn't want to go in the kitchen    so much to do for tomorrow!
"hopes all are having a fantastic christmas!  ours was great- complete with snow, good food, and good company   kinda makes me homesick for my family and us friends!  love to y'all, everywhere!"
it's official- i am getting old! it's just 9 smile 0 and i can't hardly keep my eyes open   when did this happen?!?
"is soooo cold   16*   really?!  holding my breath for more snow, and soon!"
"has finished all the paperwork, just gotta get sworn in on monday!"
is frustrated that this week is a 6 day work week    
"is a little homesick   it wouldn't be so bad, but we've got such wonderful family and friends in the us   i love you all and miss y'all!"
"enjoys the fresh country air, but not this particular \scent\""    """
wants more snow   especially now that i don't have to drive 3 hours in it!
pulled a pretty successful dinner out of my sleeve tonight   nothing like e playful erimenting in the kitchen and it turning out well!
a perfect day off: good book? check   hot tea? check   snow?  check   reading of the book and drinking of the hot tea while it's snowing?  check!
"how does a house get so messy when only 2 people live here, and we're never here?!  pigpen must be a ghost in our house   "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=5pfbuuznbfm
"a clean house is the perfect way to start a new week; it makes me sleep better at night knowing my \to clean\"" list is checked off   my mom and grandma would be so proud!"""
"our weekend?  ikea early in the morning, followed by grocery shopping at schinnen and on the economy, hamburgers for dinner, church with our bbc homies sunday and catching up with friends and family   smile "
"just sayin', if you've never jammed out to nursery rhymes remixed (ie, little miss muffet, hey diddle diddle, etc), you're missing out   just sayin' "
is so excited about going to <propfirst> again   i just bought new shoes for all the walking we'll be doing when we go in may!  smile 
life   is good!
"is laughing at <propmale> in my papazan   he just \can't get right\""   hilarious!"""
"oh my, oh my   i think i just set a world record for the finest fried chicken ever made   seriously, i hurt myself eating it, and not because it was too hot!"
"thinks my job is pretty great- i got \nose kisses\"" from all of my pretoddlers today!  they are so precious!"""
"yucky, yucky wind and rain   it's so dreary outside!"
"had a very productive weekend; we just need to get <propmale> tomorrow, and i'll be happy!  smile "
"is glad to be feeling a bit more \normal\""    if normal can be applied to a general status """
i feel so official in the dod system   i can use insane sounding acronyms to make myself appear important   wanna see an example?  okay: i just completed my dau online training for my tdy tomorrow for gpc training   yeah   don't i sound important?
can't get right   know what i mean?!
is having coffee with the dog this morning 
"i've finally figured out why computers are such a pain- you get angry, you punch them, and they won't replace it, so you have to buy a new one    aaaaaaauuuugghhhhhh!"
"what a sad noise    no noise!  <propfirst> is tdy, and <propmale> is outside    ah, the sound of silence and the smell of lasagne!"
think it may be time to go to bed   the dog is snoring    !
"why do we spend so much time with the tv on?  since our afn satelite bit the dust, i have found myself much more aware of the things that need tending in my life   it's so sad that something so unnecessary can distract you from the important things of life!"
"sooo   my dog is just chillin in his bed in the living room   he leans over and starts licking the lampstand   after about 7-8 licks, he stopped, but kept his tongue on the lamp and looked at it like, \why am i licking this?\""  hilarious!"""
"hoping that everyone home in ms is okay- let me know how y'all are doing back there, please!!!"
i am so thankful for the peace and quiet this little town offers; i think i will be able to deal with the stink this evening so i can keep the windows doors open!
is glad to have gotten a bit done today; it was totally worth giving up a day off!
is so excited- the 12th is not far away!!
"just wants everyone to know that banana flavored cotton <propfemale> isn't so fantastic   it may seem like a tasty idea, but it is so    yucky!!!"
"<propmale> got into a roll of certs today   there are several chewed up cinnamon flavored breath mints all over the living room floor   but, ask me how his breath smells?  not so fresh    "
"3 day weekend in <propfirst> with 3 of my best friends? yes, please!!"
"ahh, home   the weekend was wonderful, but exhausting!  i am ready for a good nights' sleep and a pedicure before amsterdam on tuesday "
"the girls are gone, <propfirst>'s getting ready for work, and the house is so quiet    just the ticking of the clock and the whining of <propmale> today!"
loves this sunshine! gorgeous weather and a nice breeze   we just watched <propfirst> hood and are headed to the neighbors birthday party this evening 
another lovely day   monty and i had our coffee outside in the rocking chair by the pond   i can't make myself accomplish much inside today!
what a fantastic weekend   i don't want it to end!!
is that    thunder?! i can't believe my ears!!  i love a good thunderstorm 
is aboutta take on a small task   montana <propfirst> is hitting fb tonight!
it is so gorgeous outside   so what am i doing inside?!  bye!
"wants to wish congratulations to all the tech-sergeant selects across the globe, especially to mine!  smile   yea, <propfirst>!!!!"
"gosh, i love coffee ice cream    i love it!!!"
woke up thinking today was friday   it turns out it's just tuesday- how sad    
"is honored and flattered by the sweet sentiments from my room   room one parents and kids rock!  (that includes the kids and the families that just transitioned, too!)"
"i love the 4th of july, but it makes me miss being in the usa!  but a special thanks to those past and present that have taken a stand to defend us- thank you!!"
i don't feel like i'm ready to get out of here just yet   what's wrong with me?!?  i suppose it's because i left the cdc like a tornado today    whew!  i'm so sleeping on the plane tomorrow (hopefully!)
i can't believe how many people wished me a hpapy birthday   thanks for the sweet sentiments and all the love!   it's amazing to feel so loved!
can't wait to see my great grandmother tomorrow; what a blessing to have her in our lives!
hmmmm    i can't wait for coconut cake this weekend! it's gonna be an all day affair to make it too- combining a little bit of <propfirst> keller and <propfemale> <propmale> recipes: how could this possibly go wrong?!?
mmmmmm    i love ny cheddar kettle chips!
"   i know that you believe you understand what you think i said, but i'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what i meant "
"watched 3 cool movies this weekend: our daily bread (<propmale> documentary about food industry), clash of the titans, and inception   oh, yeah, and i did clean the house a little   wink "
"dang, dang, dang    i got my 1st european speeding ticket    sad   25 euros for going 4 km over the limit   seriously?!?!"
"through the rain, it's been a pretty decent weekend!  i made an awesome pizza friday night, we had a great time saturday w  a movie & dinner (kangaroo is excellent!) with fantastic friends, and today, i read all afternoon with a break for a nap   to top it off, <propfirst> fixed dinner all by himself!  *sigh* life    is good!"
mental exhaustion might just be the end of me 
"my motto for the past 2 weeks? \happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true \""  smile """
i'm wondering   when does doing what you want trump what is right for the rest of the group?  this is starting to get on my nerves!!!
"my poor little work space is the red-headed step child of the squadron   the computer is so old and beaten up, the caps lock button is stuck and everything i type looks like this unless i hold the shift button down!  sad "
"do you want to hear something fabulous? tomorrow is friday  yes, friday  i only have 3 5 hours left to work today, and then it   is   friday  imagine me gasping as i said those words  like a person coming in from the desert after being lost for a week and finally finding their way back  <propfemale> be to god, i survived yet another week!!"
"monday, monday    won't go away    "
"how bad is it that work stresses you out so much that it affects your speech?!?  or maybe, just maybe, it's gotten to the point that it's caused me to suffer from a stroke?"
"what comes to mind with these words? gargamel, grendel, medussa, and shaman   3 guesses and the first 2 don't count!"
"can you believe it's already sunday?  i feel like a kid dreading the week of finals, or something    sheesh "
"ehhh   feeling a little homesick, y'all   i may need to make some sweet tea to help me through this!"
day 2 of making meals without having bought groceries in almost 2 weeks   the combinations may start getting a little bizarre    !
"so proud of my mother! congratulations on your national board (re-)certification, mama!"
"just when you think the week can't get any better, you wake up to friday!  yeah!  aaaand if you're available, come by the cdc today from 10-12 to say goodbye to ms <propfemale> "
"sheesh, already monday?  well, it better be great if it's gonna follow the awesome weekend <propfirst> and i had!!"
"2 days left of this week (including today, as it's 630); can it get any better?  oh, wait   yes it can: london on friday for a 4 day weekend!  american football and shopping  *sigh*  wink "
montana <propfirst> had a pretty tough fall this weekend; he will be in for 'surgery' tonight   cross your fingers he comes out well & i don't glue myself to him 
i'm a bit confused   
"dear wind, please stop   the rolladens are shaking so much, i feel like i'm in a night of the living dead movie or something    "
"just a few more weeks, and we're coming home!  super exciting!!"
"due to weather conditions, the satelite is out; montana <propfirst>'s surgery will happen tonight!!"
the social calendar is filling up so fast in these last few days   it's nice to have so many wonderful things to look forward to enjoying    smile 
"thanks for all the thoughts for montana <propfirst>!  the 'surgery' was a success, though there are visible fracture in the football "
"if you can believe it, <propfirst> and i were in and out of ikea in less than 45 minutes!! and, we had things to load in the car   "
"this weekend, a guy driving a suv swerved into our <propfirst> to dodge a puddle on a paved road    why would you drive an suv if you are afraid of hitting water?!?!  no one was hurt in this idiotic display of sissy-ness   "
headed to the real after work today in heinsberg!
"good company + good food + laughs & fun games= seriously good times last night!  thanks, girls!"
"ok, i'll play along    you and i wake up in jail together   using only four words,what would you say to me? note if you comment,you got to copy and paste this to your status so i can comment on yours! fair is fair    play along!!"
is seriously thinking about how much i miss living in ca    never thought i'd say that!  smile 
"just finished making thanksgiving for the little guys at the cdc, and believe it or not, i got all the dishes out on time!  big accomplishment for me this week!"
"in memory of my amazing great grandmother- you will be missed deeply, but we are joyful for your amazing, wisdom filled legacy you left behind in the 98 years you were here among us!  thank you, grandmother haggard, for all the great food, laughs, love, and sweet hugs throughout our lives "
"is having trouble focusing on what i've got to do before next thursday, because i'm so, so, so ready to be home!!!!"
"gotta hit up the natex today for the rest of my christmas happies, then pack tonight and i'm on the downslope to home!!"
"what a blessing  to be home; what a blessing our friends are, too! thanks for everything- <propmale>, jenn, and <propfirst>, especially!"
"fudge is done, pralines are in the making, too   divinity is on deck; mama picked up a good puzzle- christmas movies are on the tv!  there's nothing like being home for a very <propfemale> christmas!!"
"how  sad that we are leaving the us already- one last family gathering tonight!  we will miss our family, but are looking forward to being home again "
"whatever you do, it shall be"
"the human body is an amazing thing- even though i do not feel well, my mind is clear, relieved, and focused which puts me in a great mood, causing me to have an amazing outlook on today! (and the next couple of days, too!)"
"just wanna say that <propfemale> hansen is the most fabulous person ever!  she is dedicated, hard-working, committed, fair, intelligent, judicial, and plain phenomenal   thank you, my friend for being you!  wink "
wowza   it's almost 8   i guess i'd better get to work!
i think i may need to refill the caffeine levels now   
i love weekend mornings when we don't have to be anywhere early   the quiet of the house is inviting and relaxing   just waiting on the coffee to finish brewing!
dear monday  could you try to show up a little bit slower next weekend?
"<propmale> is in serious trouble and all the while, he's giving <propfirst> puppy dog eyes to get out of his mess!!"
"\i must do something\"" always solves more problems than \""something must be done \""  ~author unknown    just sayin    """
"wow, it's so cold!!"
"let's hope this morning's hiccups are over and the rest of the day runs well; otherwise, i'm packing up and heading home!!"
wake me up from hibernation when <propfemale>'s gone  please 
i love orange sherbert!
3 day weekends are the best!  especially when you enjoy fabulous food and great company with awesome friends!
wow   i just found rice krispie treat on the hem of my jeans   no wonder the dog was super interested in my ankle tonight!
hmmm   not too sure about watching the rest of 127 hours   i'm losing my constitution!!
"it is a beautiful day- nice weather, sun shining   makes me wish i was off the rest of the day   *sigh*"
it's turned out to be 3 weeks in a row of the same kind of thing   i'm starting to feel kinda like <propmale> <propmale>   
