ce0dddfed7318c8befedb2f37a2d0389
feels like she's eaten enough brownies to last a lifetime   
we just got two new hamsters  we haven't named them yet (although i've suggested <propfirst> for one of them)
at grandma and grandpa ahls' house right now
"just had my first karate class  i am now an official white belt  fear me, all who dare to attack me! just attack slowly "
"ugh, we just had to walk all the way home from the bowling alley because <propmale> locked the keys in the car > sad "
happy 4th of july!
going to the rosenau's for girls' night soon
"just got home from indiana beach (actually i got home a while ago, just had to wait for the computer to open up)"
i don't like it when <propmale> drives
"<propmale>'s on the mission trip, <propmale>'s in idaho, and <propfirst>'s at camp  no brothers for the next four days!!!  laugh "
spent the morning at 4-h creative dramatics  i gave out the blue ribbons  smile 
feeling sick  playful 
just finished my semi-annual room-cleaning!
about to go to the fair
back from camp!
is facebooking
"1 day, 10 hours, and 12 minutes til school starts  but, who's counting?"
"we just got two shamwows! they don't work quite as well as advertised, but they're still fun!"
back from my first day of high school
auditioning for the school play today  wish me luck!
got the part of <propfemale> in el phantismo
back from marching band  my feet are sooo tired 
the marching band rocked tonight!
went to mammoth cave yesterday
"back from iu band day  very tired, they shouldn't make us get up that early "
sick   playful 
the football team lost  all the band geeks were disappointed  sad 
happy national pirate day!
be sure to catch shs's production of el phantismo-- saturday at 7 smile 0 and sunday at 2 smile 0 in the shs auditorium
marching in the oktoberfest parade today!
soaked from marching in the rain!
"\burning <propfemale> to be or do something gives us staying power - a reason to get up every morning or to pick ourselves up and start in again after a disappointment \"" -- <propfemale> sinetar"""
"learned how to work the lights today  so many buttons, and i'm only allowed to touch a few of them  sigh   "
"\success is the result of countless failures you've done in order to attain it \""-- <propfirst> <propfirst> a  corrales"""
goats have interesting appetites  'nuff said 
"game plan tonight: get home, go to piano lessons, go back home, go back over to school, march with the marching band, go straight to south pacific rehearsal, go to the box that controls all the lights and stay there for four hours, get home, go straight to sleep out of exhaustion "
has just updated her status
yesterday's performance of south pacific was a success! hope for the same tonight!
school again tomorrow  sad    i desperately need a vacation
thinks that the inca tribe were a very boring people not worth doing a world history project on
finally friday!
"going to see <propfemale>'s \once upon a mattress\"" tonight"""
15 yrs old today!
the weekend!  laugh 
had a great time at the international festival today
going to pep band in a couple hours  band geeks shall rule the world!!!
"random is originality, and originality is <propmale> "
working at the camp lakeview dinner auction tonight
"is tired, and should be going to sleep, but doesn't really want to"
"alle angestellten müssen ihre hände vor dem zurückbringen waschen, um zu arbeiten "
"you know, when i'm out of the house and have a family of my own, our thanksgiving dinner's going to be a cookout, and the kids can leave the house as messy as they want; relatives don't actaully care about house neatness, no matter what my mom says "
saw old dogs last night  hilarious movie!
got a solo in choir! now i just need to figure out how to get over my stage fright   
band concert tonight
"is tired, and wishes she could sleep in tomorrow, but since beka and <propfirst> have friends over, that's out of the question "
"is going to have a busy week  piano recital and church practice today, then play auditions on monday, bit of extra choir practice on tuesday, concert on wednesday   "
auditioning for the school play tomorrow  wish me luck!
choir concert tonight
congrats to everyone who competed in sms's mathcounts contest this morning 
would probably really enjoy <propmale> caesar if we didn't have all the homework to go with it 
hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: the fear of long words
"i've always wanted to see the movie \titanic\""  did you know that there is not a single website on the entire internet that has the movie?"""
"stupid snow, why won't you stick?"
"does anyone know what the \scroll lock\"" key does?"""
<propfemale> christmas!
is heading up to chicago
is hanging with steph!
yep and we are having a blast stalking people on facebook you know who you are !!!!
saw sherlock holmes last night  awesome movie!
i spent the day thinking that today was new year's <propfemale>  then mom told me about a new year's <propfemale> party we were going to tomorrow  it confused me  what day is it?
"mom, please buy a new mouse for our computer!"
feels lonely
really wishing we could get that virus out of our computer 
our public library really needs more computers 
our computer's fixed!
where was i when the shooting started?
do you ever have a sudden ine playful licable <propfemale> to learn an obscure foreign language?
"got a new part for band solo & ensemble  good thing, too, i think i would have gone deaf playing some of the notes on the part i had before "
school tomorrow  sad 
"you know, thursday seems like a pretty good day to end the school week   "
"a train station is where the train stops, and a bus station is where the bus stops  on this desk, i have a workstation "
still disappointed that advanced band doesn't get to do any <propfirst> music  sad 
dislikes dbqs
going to see <propmale> and <propfemale> tomorrow
had fun on the field trip today  and at rehearsal 
wish me luck for my ensemble today!
i wish i could e playful lain the concept of a vacuum cleaner to my dog 
life should be more like a rock opera
"i love you, friday"
waiting for the super bowl to go to commercial break   
can't stop listening to the jesus christ superstar soundtrack
"k, so my dad comes out of my room holding a dead mouse by its tail  first he asks me if i'd like to play with it, then he starts trying to play catch with the mousetraps    ?"
"\where do we start with a man who is bigger than <propfirst> was when <propfirst> did his baptism thing?\"""""
had a great time at work session today!
happy <propfirst>'s day  love 
"you know, there's a point where you get kind of sick of snow days   "
this was the only day this week that i didn't get to sleep in  i am tired 
loves facebook in pirate language
"then said jesus unto his disciples, if any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me  <propfirst> 16:24"
we have only one <propfemale>!
there's a ghost in the heat lamp!
is completely exhausted from nursery today
"past the point of no return, the final threshold; what warm unspoken secrets will we learn?"
pops concert tonight!
"saw <propfemale> in wonderland  loved it, very fun movie!"
"it's so hot out! wasn't it just, like, two weeks ago when we are all sick and tired of snow?"
spring break!!!
happy pi day!
it amazes me how many people are still available to chat at one in the morning
burned her entire hand removing a pizza from the oven last night  it's somewhat better now 
is moving to oklahoma
"is not actually moving to oklahoma, although i'm sure it is a very nice state  i apologize for any confusions  smile "
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
salve <propfemale> mater misericordiae <propfemale> dulcedo et spes nostra salve salve <propfemale> ad te clamamus exules filii <propfemale> ad te suspiramus gementes et flentes o clemens o <propfemale>
"journey to the cross at peace tonight, then going to mr  shs"
my palm branch broke in half right at the beginning of the church service  sort of put a damper on my palm sunday  hosanna!
had an epic time at winter jam 2010
is having a loud-music hangover  first period band is not going to be fun  playful 
"and the angel answered and said unto the women, fear not ye: for i know that ye seek jesus, which was crucified  he is not here: for he is risen, as he said  come, see the place where the lord lay  and go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, i have told you "
today i learned all about irony 
congratulations to the shs choir  guys and dolls was great last night!
"has fugue for the tinhorns stuck in her head  thanks for that <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfirst> "
"and i said to myself sit down, sit down you're rocking the boat"
misses becoming a fan of things  liking them just doesn't fill the void   sad 
caught a leprechaun which offered me one wish to let it go free  i kept the leprechaun 
"mom's having that meet & greet cookout tonight  so, naturally, i had to clean my room to perfection  if anyone can e playful lain this logic to me, i'd appreciate it "
cannot think of a witty status right now 
fortune favors the brave 
it's may  i feel like the end of the school year is an eternity away 
got the jesus christ superstar piano book!  smile 
vote <propfemale> franke for community school board!
thinks it would be great fun to play amneris in <propfemale> 
congratulations to the shs choir  you did an awesome job!
completely psyched about seeing wicked on sunday!
"m is for the million things she gave me\o means only that she's growing old\t is for the tears she shed to save me\h is for her heart of purest gold\e is for her eyes with lovelight shining\r means right, and right she'll always be\put them all together, they spell mother\a word that means the world to me"
back from wicked!!!
is ticked off at facebook right now  i don't know how they can possibly see the new setup for the info <propfemale> as an improvement  does anyone know how to contact the losers running facebook?
band concert tonight at 7 smile 0
got stitches in her <propfemale>
"is still a little sore in the <propfemale>, but fine otherwise  although, i think i'll keep well away from the bike for awhile "
piano recital today
"is riding a kayak down niagra falls, for a very good reason "
"yikes! i was informed over lunch today that mr  stam has done the placing for next year's choirs  and, naturally, he's going to keep me in suspense until the last day of school  now i'm super nervous "
is listening to 102 9 unicorn
was supposed to get her stitches removed today  thank you dad for forgetting to make an appointment  > sad 
the new song on 102 9 does not even compare to the unicorn song  it will be dearly missed 
"3 days, 19 hours, and 20 minutes until the end of the school year"
"it is so hot out right now, a couple of days ago it was raining cats and dogs, and right before that it was mysteriously cold  gotta love this indiana weather  smile "
"2 days, 17 hours, 46 minutes"
"loathes allergies, or whatever it is that i have"
went out to camp lakeview for the first time in almost a year
"14 hours, 59 minutes    not including the biology final, but that hardly counts    14 hours, 58 minutes   "
done! my freshman year is over! i'm in a good mood  laugh 
"doesn't have sunburn yet, so it's not summer vacation yet "
going to see <propmale> of persia with the lunch table tonight
ate at bdub's for the first time  the waitress kicked us out for being there for the wrong reason 
just went on an insane <propmale> to catch my crazy dog 
"don't you hate it when you're reading a murder mystery, and your favorite character ends up being the killer?"
june is bustin' out all over!
is in concert choir
is going bowling with the lunch table later
it's too bad mr  stam's already done <propmale> misérables for the school musical; i would've liked to be in that one 
"can't believe that within the course of a few hours this year's senior class will officially be gone from shs  i'm going to miss everyone: the choir quintet of <propmale>, cam, <propmale>, <propfirst> and <propmale>; <propfemale> and <propfemale> directing the plays; and <propmale> voss, we're all gonna miss <propmale> voss "
"so we threw wakana a farewell party  i suppose this means she's definitely leaving \ sad "
"alright, my mom has become completely addicted to farmville  she made me harvest her crops because she was going to bed  i'm pretty sure that she is under the impression that farmville is a real farm "
had my first voice lesson today!
"well, that was an interesting little fall of rain"
"is back from vbs  i enjoyed it \p s   i promised <propfemale> i'd post this on my facebook status: do not go to the bathroom during counting time "
it's <propfemale> and clear outside    looks like severe thunderstorm weather 
anyone know how to completely cure a sore throat within three hours?
to love another person is to see the face of god
i seem to have lost my copy of the cat in the hat  sad 
has a snake in her boot
is not happy with the bmv right now > sad 
is back from camp lakeview!
"happy 234th, <propfemale>!"
the house is soooo much quieter since half the family and one of the dogs are in iowa
wishing beka & <propfirst> a very happy 11th birthday
"if i had a fine white horse, i'd take it for a ride today  but since i have no fine white horse, inside i'll have to stay"
is really sick of staying home bored all day  is it weird that i'm kind of looking forward to school starting back up?
it's summer  i don't need to sleep  smile 
is going to the national youth gathering tomorrow!
"is really looking forward to going to new orleans tomorrow! not so crazy about getting up at 4 a m , though"
is back from the national youth gathering in new orleans
"9 out of 10? american believe that out of every 10 people, 1 american will always disagree with the other 9 "
likes typing on laptop keys
life is like a box of chocolates  you never know what you're gonna get 
back from our family reunion  ever noticed how hilarious apples to apples is when played late at night?
"day 1 of band camp is finished  i'm completely exhausted, but at least i can relax now "
aack! mosquito bites!
was just informed that tomorrow is supposed to be the hottest day of the year  surprise 
"the car thermometer said that it was 106 degrees  i can't believe we had to march in that! on the plus side, i'm getting a pretty amazing sock tan "
is hoping for rain tomorrow  who's with me?
get on the trike!!!
's feet hurt
good news for everyone in band or choir: the air conditioning is working again!
wow that was a short summer
prefers purple days to white days
was partying it up at build-a-bearville com  don't judge me 
silly songs with larry: most amazing songs ever!!!  smile 
a single shoe is more useless than a spork 
"marching band rehearsal tonight, then the game tomorrow  kinda weird getting back into the thick of marching band season, but i'm happy  smile "
"so we lost the football game    but hey, the marching band was pretty awesome!"
back from camp lakeview with <propfemale> steinkamp    fun times  smile 
spent about an hour or so in the bouncy house at the church's pizza ice cream party   now the ground won't stop moving
"okay, i finally understand the whole mascot thing that's going on  that first announcement just left me in total confusion "
"what a smashing, absolutely dashing spectacle, the ascot opening day "
can't feel her legs after eight hours in the car  not to mention sharing one hotel room with a family of seven  i can do without the road trips for awhile 
10
allergies are no fun  sad 
"theater company is so fun!\on a related note, corn is always interesting "
nothing more fun on a saturday than giving my dogs a bath  playful 
chemistry lab reports are pure evil 
got the <propmale> misérables piano book!
"we got two new guinea pigs   beka and mom want to name them sugar and oreo, but <propmale> and i named them snozzium and shtickles instead "
"27-a wimpole street? it's right there, sir "
does anyone else feel like this week has gone by extremely slowly?
i think my cold is finally starting to go away 
"darn it, i forgot to celebrate talk like a pirate day! aargh, that be disappointin', matey"
"a'o jadu ke mausam\a'o garmiyo ke din\a'o mantra tantra yantra\us ki bimari hata'o\according to google translate, this is gibberish  can anyone else help me translate?"
g5 isn't that hard to hit   why did the second sopranos abandon me?
if you know god is the savior and that he sent his son to die on the cross copy and paste this as your status
finally the weekend! iu band day tomorrow
iu band day was awesome!
attended a 2-hour rehearsal to say one line 
4-day weekend! yay!
"dear mom,\being home from school should not constitute \clean-the-house day\"""""
just got back from partyin' at the oktoberfest with <propfirst> franke and <propmale> otte
oktoberfest parade today  here's hoping even the freshmen will march in time 
it's so cold! my ears are still numb from the shuttle ride home from the oktoberfest 
"is everyone ready for the 4-hour rehearsal tonight? well, i'm not "
"no dress rehearsal tonight, despite the fact that we desperately need it "
no more rehearsal!  i'm so happy to have gotten it all over with 
"with a little bit of luck, we'll have a good performance today "
"<propfirst> franke: yeah, <propfemale>, you have a really big part   one whole line \me: hey, if it wasn't for me, <propmale> would never find 27-a wimpole street, and the show would just suck "
"we did it! we did it! we said that we would do it, and indeed we did  i thought that we would rue it; i doubted we'd do it  but now i must admit it, that succeed we did!"
"10 10 10 happens every 100 years, not every 1000 years   all those facebook pages are lying   don't become a fan of them "
done with the chemistry extra credit  now on to the more important things: watching whose line is it anyway reruns  smile 
wizard of oz? i'm currently undecided on how i feel about that 
"the psat was basically a waste of my morning, but, hey, at least there was no essay question "
"brothers week- if you have a brother who has made you laugh, pulled your hair, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, copy and paste this to your status!"
not a fun marching band rehearsal
"<propmale> wins 50-0?  surely, it is a miracle!!!"
got stuck in the shs baseball field   i'm out now   and i got an amazing hat at a garage sale 
every song <propfirst> shultz writes makes me want to cry
"still doesn't understand what a trip to the zoo has to do with latin   yes, i realize that you can name the animals in latin, but you don't have to go to a zoo to do so "
"studying chemistry ions    hypochlorite    ammonium ion    cyanide    yeah, this isn't fun "
the ion test is over and done with; now i can relax and look forward to the marching band tour tomorrow  smile 
finished her tape test!  smile 
puff the magic dragon lived by the sea and frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called honah <propfirst> 
updating my status on the wii   this is so weird 
has a really bad headache   definitely not looking forward to marching tonight 
found out that there are such things as erasable highlighters   this is an amazing world we live in 
created my own homemade snuggie by wearing my bathrobe backwards 
"found out that today is cookie monster's birthday   happy birthday, cookie monster! may you rest in peace "
"do you ever have that feeling, when you know you should be using your time productively and doing your chemistry homework, but you just don't want to?"
"according to google maps, it takes 160 days and 1 hour to walk from <propfemale> to new york city   there are a total of 1999 steps, and step #1203 is \kayak across the pacific ocean \"""""
couldn't possibly be more glad that it's the weekend 
turns 16 tomorrow 
"'s house was just invaded by the latin club looking for a globe, columns, and people to stand afore my tree  ???"
"if you plug your earbuds into the computer, turn the volume on really loud, and stick the earbuds into your nostrils, the music will come out of your mouth! i tested it; it's true!"
got an ipod!
wishes <propfemale> ahls franke good luck in <propfemale>
now understands why we haven't had proper rain for so long   the clouds were waiting and collecting as much as they could so they could dump it all on us at once 
saw <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1! i  love  dobby!
it feels like thursday today  i like it 
"watched aladdin, and is now watching beauty and the beast  all in all, a very productive evening   also, <propmale> gummy worms are incredibly delicious "
ate some turkey today 
got them monday morning blues
"got my microsoft word auto-correct to change \voldemort\"" to \""he-who-must-not-be-named \"""""
"discovered that someone else had vulpix, so i made mine evolve  ha! so there!\in other news, there's a band concert tonight "
there! no one has poochyena!
"well, it's about time it snowed!"
"pep band, an alpaca farm, sweeney <propmale>, snow, and whose line   overall, an extremely productive day "
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has 1,to get better  i know 97% will not repost this as their status, but i hope that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status at least for 1 hour  please do this in honor of those who are fighting cancer "
"oh, chemistry homework   i hate you with a fiery passion "
"yeah, normally i'd say that the choir concert went great, but   "
"in case you're wondering, ophidiaphobia is the fear of snakes "
is keeping a close eye on the school-closing traffic light on the school website 
"2010 is almost over, so like this status if i have ever made you smile this year  then set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile this year   smile "
needs a ride 
school had better not be off tomorrow   i do not want to take the chemistry final 
"precalculus exam tomorrow, and then i'm done with semester 1!"
"is done with my last day of the semester, which featured a very entertaining lunch with <propfirst> franke , <propfirst> boas , and <propfirst> kerrick  "
is officially done christmas shopping
had an early christmas today since we're leaving for wisconsin tomorrow 
"please - put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost "
"<propfemale> christmas, everybody!  love "
spent two hours cross-country skiing today 
went ice-skating for the first time!
is finally home from wisconsin 
just got an e-mail from yahoo wishing me a happy birthday   it's not my birthday 
"so i come home from wisconsin, where it's about 5,000 degrees below zero   here in indiana, it's about sixty above, and all the snow has melted   what the heck just happened?"
is going to oversleep and be late to school tomorrow   i just know it 
"well, i didn't get the part i wanted for wizard of oz   or any part, for that matter "
"<propfirst> franke should join choir, because he has a    special voice "
how come every school in the state got a closing or delay except for <propmale>?  not awesome 
"as long as we're going to school, does anyone know the lunch menu for today?"
f#5 is making me angry 
just woke up   gotta love snow days 
"aw, shoot   they switched me to the \new profile\"" """
"<propmale> potter is all about confronting fears, finding inner strength, and doing what is right in the face of adversity   twilight is about how important it is to have a boyfriend "
"it's 11 smile 2, and i'm setting my status to say that it's a snow day   i'm a bit behind "
"was listening to the broadway station, when \i'll make a man out of you\"" from mulan came on   surprised?  very   upset?  not one bit """
"hasn't done a paint-by-numbers in years, but i really want to "
"so i might have actually done alright on my tests today   however, that lab report is still looming over my head   "
"okay, so for the lab report, what do we put for the observations for e) combustion   like, what was the bubble made of?"
<propfirst> franke bleached his hair! o 0
is nervous about the solo contest tomorrow   wish me luck!
got a gold!
"i guess i can't play pep band tonight   on the bright side, this means i get to watch the new phineas & ferb special   so, it all works out "
is not allowed to seem overconfident 
is spending my snow day playing computer monolopy and eating goldfish crackers 
"thank you, weather, for completely screwing up my sleeping schedule "
"someday, i'm going to live somewhere besides indiana, and i'll be very confused when the weather stays the same for an entire week "
"today while running nursery at church, i was e playful laining to a little girl the parable of the good samaritan   when i reached the part about the robbers who beat up the man and stole all his things, the little girl exclaimed, \even his driver's license?!\"""""
just took my crazy dogs for a walk   it is soooo nice outside!
happy singles' awareness day!
"okay, so our cable subscription or whatever has ended at our house, and mom refuses to renew it   i just can't go back to eighteen channels "
"got my costume for the play at goodwill, and while i was there, i also got the perfect ozzian outfit!"
"is nervous about opening night tonight   <propmale> killey and <propfirst> moore, you had better have your lines memorized!"
"fantastic opening night for \you can't beat the house\"""""
how do you wake up lady gaga? you set an alarm clock for a reasonable hour 
"i know the plans i have for you, declares the lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you  plans to give you a future and a hope  -- <propmale> 29:11"
"band concert was fantastic, and mr  cottrill's kids were so adorable!"
people have got to quit hatin' on my mojo 
"ah, trigonometry   i have absolutely no idea why i'd ever need you in the real world "
can switching to geico really save you 15% or more on car insurance?  does <propfirst> montgomery like calculus?
workin' on the chemistry lab report   not enjoying it 
"has a cold, and hates it "
happy mardi gras!
going to see <propmale> mis tonight!  so excited!!!  love 
"it's very hard to spread peanut butter on a hamburger bun   my sandwich was still decent, but i'd have preferred bread \p s : yes, there is so little going on right now that i posted that as my status "
filled my sunday by folding mail and chasing llamas 
it's pi day today!
it's friday already?  what the heck happened to spring break???
"that tornado warning today was a much more productive use of time than the class would have been   thank you, warm front "
"tomorrow will be saturday, and sunday comes afterwards "
"really, indiana weather?  four days ago we're sitting around in shorts, and now it's snowing?  i don't understand you "
"i'll get through show week, but afterwards, i never want to hear \merry old land of oz\"" again   ever """
"he was never mine to lose   why regret what cannot be?  these are words he'll never say, not to me   his heart full of love-- he will never feel this way "
unbelievable-- our show was actually decent!
got flowers tonight   munchkins are so sweet!  love 
