b407cc89ed1e4b951e25eedec1312314
"when you special order a part and are told that it will take 1 1 2 to 2 weeks  do you <propfemale> call them back in a week? this customer has called the shop about 6 times now, demanding his part now  i told you where told it would take a week & half to two weeks, he told me this is the first time he has called (even thou he & his <propmale> have called more then 5 times)"
"i'm off to go elk hunting tomorrow,wish me luck or something "
i'm back !
comcast customer service suck!
"my car is broke down, won't start  someting in the ignition"
"<propfemale>'s still sick, she says she get better  and the heater in the rental is broke again!"
thank's for all the birthday wishes
spending some quality time with sagan 
"my brithday gift, a macbook air  is awsome"
"home sick, today"
looking at the <propfemale> coming up
"is going to bed, good night all"
it's snowing people!!!!!!!
listening to my call me a ass for giving him s pain meds
going to bed now
missing my grandson
"if it were easy they wouldn't call it \work\"""""
"when's the last time you helped someone in need, that you didn't know?"
when to the doctor today and i have shingles
"why is it that most people, don't know the deference between being stung & bitten, simple mouth or butt "
"remember all thru school saying this every morning to start the day      i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all !! we no longer do that for fear of offending someone !! let's see how many       <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending anyone    let's go!!!!!"
"would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status  sharing how they met me  but i want you to lie    that's right! just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right   "
good night all!
"husband and wife week--if your spouse is your best friend, who works hard for you, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the date you were married    august 9th,1985"
got go see our new puppy at the vet hosp  and see if he going to make 
"life with out pain, would be \joy unappreciated"
