995dce134a12bef9b8fec5b0cc948e76
oh what a lovely day for a sinus headache 
"\you should stock up on your supply of flashlight batteries \"""""
almost time to re-enter the 7th circle of hell 
aaahhh   escaped the flames once again 
back on the house-hunt again   i'm not happy 
fickle friends i need not   
have a 4 day weekend and i'm home sick   this sucks!
is enjoying having the history channel again 
hoping to hear offer accepted sometime this week!
is needing a day to just sit back and relax   
"so, if anyone hasn't heard   we will be closing escrow on nov  13th!"
for those of you that might not have heard   patty is pregnant!!!
it's official from the doctor's office!  we are having a baby!!!
i made it to the weekend(mine)!  finally!
"and like that we are $4,000 lighter in our account   sent the rest of the closing costs out by wire   we should be home owners with keys by monday!!!"
tomorrow is keys day!!!!
"workin on the house   if anyone wants to help, give me a call for directions "
the house is coming along nicely   still accepting volunteers tho 
feels like the painting will never end   
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes   can't wait for the sushi!
and now for something we think you will really like!
is an uncle!! woohoo!!!
i'm so glad it's my friday!  i need a couple of days off!
another day of working on the house   
preparing for another day in the salt mines on kessel   
looking forward to thursday at 7 smile 0 pm   
feeling like i just want to stay home and relax   but i can't 
it's a boy!!!!
"bra colors made facebook news but will this? lets support our firefighters, police and paramedics  if you support our firefighters, police and paramedics then please post this on your status  there should be no excuses from anyone!! this   should appear in everyone's status!   (let's salute them and pray we never need to call them) "
just got a fan <propfemale> up for my beer! check it out! it's called <propfirst>'s homebrew!
<propfirst>'s homebrew is so close to its goal of 100 fans by may 1!!! thanks to everone who likes this! and if you havent liked it yet dooooo it!!!!!
nice!!! <propfirst>'s homebrew is super close to its goal of 100 fans! keep suggesting us to friends! tasting party when we reach our goal!!!
hello weekend!  been looking forward to this for 6 days!
sitting home with a nice headache   gotta love it 
"i can hardly wait! time to go wait in line in hell,  otherwise known as the dmv!"
i made it to my weekend   finally!!
wishin my norco worked better 
"doc appt in 30 minutes, let's see what he has to say "
ready for my back to stop hurting so i can be productive again!
3 day weekend?  yes please!
safety tip of the day: never come between a pregnant woman and her ice cream   you might lose a limb!
still waiting for my son to arrive   he needs to get a move on!
went with <propfemale> to the ob today and scheduled her induction for the 5th!  we are extremely excited!
all right!  next stop on this pregnancy crazy train    babytown!
"korben <propfirst> arrived at 9 surprise 6 pm july 5, 2010, 5lbs 13oz and 17 1 2inches!"
sitting in the birthing center watching my beautiful wife feed our beautiful son!
hooray for minimal sleep! 7 hours over the last 3 days is enough right?
it's nice to be home with our little guy!  now we can all nap in peace 
hangin at home with <propfemale> and korben!  what could be better?
yay!  korben is officially 6 days old!
wondering what to do for dinner   
sooooo tired   my son kept me up most of the night 
i don't want to go back to work tomorrow   i would rather stay home and change diapers!
so   i get to stay home and change diapers after all!
apparently my 17 day old son thinks that daddy doesn't need to sleep   
nice quiet day at home with the family 
"tore up part of the lawn yesterday, now my back hates me today!"
happy 1 month birthday korben!
sitting at home gaming while korben and <propfemale> nap   
what i wouldn't give for some uninterrupted sleep   
"teen wolf is on g4, talk about nastalgic "
wondering why there is nothing but crap on my 120+ channels?!
"for all my friends in the la area, check out <propfirst> <propfirst> newell performing at the <propfemale> on friday the 10th of september around 9, if you want to hear to some good music!"
really wishing i had more vacation to take   
"had a great morning with korben, and now   nap time "
"time for bed, receiving training in the morning "
ready for korben to move past his shot fussiness   
sooooooooo tired    must get sleep!
watching fraggle rock with korben!
"korben is napping, so that can only mean one thing   time to game!"
"don't wanna go to work today, but at least i get to <propfemale> out in the dairy box "
wondering what i'm gonna have for dinner   
soooooo tired!!!  must get sleep!
stunned by the election results   and not in a good way 
really don't want to go to work today   
today will be a better day at work   i hope 
"after 9 days of work in a row, i can rest   "
watching <propfemale> trek while korben naps 
watching the sorcerer's apprentice   
"made quadruple bypasses on buns tonight!  cooked bacon, then fried burgers in the bacon grease, then fried eggs in the bacon grease!"
"if you haven't yet, go vote for korben in the american baby cover contest  he's in the running to be this week's finalist!"
happy 5 month birthday korben!!!!
thank you to all for the birthday wishes!  today was a good day 
i can't believe i'm still awake right now!
nothing like being bored at work   
wish i could make my little boy feel better 
"another long \day at work   feels like torture sometimes "
don't want to go to work today   
another day of people watching   my job is tough 
looking for a good  lunch suggestion  anyone?
only 30 minutes left!
i have the best wife in the whole world!
sitting at home watching the korbenator play   awesome!
feeling like someone slipped korben and me ipecack!
"well, at least korben seems to be feeling better   "
"i haven't felt this bad ever, without of fever to with everything else!"
"feel like crap, but i have to drag myself to work today "
glad it's my friday! should be a fun day!
officially off light-duty!
i'm up early!  think a nap will be a must later!
i'm ready to be off work now   
let the fun begin!
just got <propfemale>'s car smogged
i could use a vacation right about now   
i need more than 3 hours of sleep!
freedom!!!
"it's a madhouse, a madhouse!"
frustrated!
"feels more like a sunday at work, than a monday!"
made pancakes and bacon for dinner!
wonder if today is better schheduled than yesterday?!
too   early   need   sleep!
wish i was in bed already!
"starving, stressed and bored   and a little tired too!"
i need a 4 day weekend or something   
can't wait to be home with my wife and baby!
just relaxing and enjoying my day off 
my son is so cute it's not fair!
off work  now it's time to enjoy the rest of my day 
"i don't need help losing sleep, thanks a lot daylight savings!"
5 o'clock can't get here fast enough!
waiting for chinese food!
off work   now what's for dinner 
time to start another fun day at work   
"it's been a semi-productive day, had a massage, and put new wiper blades and headlights on <propfemale>'s car!"
wishing i had the day off!
ready for this day to be over!
time to get the day started early   too early 
mmmm   lunch!
on my way to work   at least its my friday 
i just love waking up with heartburn   
"slow day at work, and i hate allergies!"
time for a massage!
i need intraveinous caffeine stat!
