c119fcbfc9d0435cd94bbca6b11ed416
cool! i got switched to trumpet! i'm a geek  oh well 
worrying about englewood idol 
my fingers are turning blue    an oddity   i was told they'd bleed first 
yay blisters! ouch 
eh
practicing vibrato for violin makes my wrist feel awkward 
black is such a calming color   
i should pracitce violin    *slaps self*
owww   my neck 
gah! inferiority complex!
grr    i think my chat thingy is malfunctioning 
i should really do hw right now   
stupid metal strings!!!  crying  ouch  
(no need for anyone to pay attention to this rant ) i should put down the song  i'm starting to obsess and worry about every little detail when  i don't have time for that right now 
i'm a super procrastinator   crying  i don't wanna do it   
ugh   i give up! it's good enough    for now    
never knows what to put on her status anymore  i know boring 
i hate having nothing to do   
is anyone else having prolems with facebook lag?
who here never uses myspace anymore?
i can't believe it took me seventeen years to figure out that i'm a nerd 
i miss school  i'm weird i know 
 smile 
"hello stress, i haven't seen you in a while  and i was glad  > sad "
yay headaches   > sad 
grrr   i'm stupid stupid stupid!
it's so fun being invisible  not
if anyone's interested in a website that helps get scholarships give me your email and we can share scholarships through their mooching policy   smile  it's zinch com  btw 
maybe i have insomnia    
i just realized i now have three emotions  that's it  *sigh*
"youch, headache  "
"i've regressed   crying  i wish i still had three hours a day to practice  but hey, today i have 24 hours and i can't get myself to practice     crying  i miss being able to play gavotte from \mignon\""    wahhhh  crying """
"well, i got myself to play a portion of the song i wanted to play today  i guess that's good  i bet it took three hours altogether  irony  (i didn't do it all at once )"
i'm never skipping two meals in a row again    it makes me horribly moody and lazy 
"murder, murder, in the night air  murder, murder it's a right scare  bloody murder in the night  read about the worst two murders, profane religious murders  that poor old bishop what a shock "
funny how one little question can ruin my mother's day  lol
"dislikes\deafness (esp )\confusion\being made a fool \stupidity\disappointments\\fun, fun, fun       "
msotd: asylum - disturbed
"msotd: tied together with a smile - <propfirst> swift\of all the oddities, i haven't liked her for probably half a year"
i should be a hermit 
msotd: keep you - sugarland
msotd: missing - evanescence
msotd: at the beginning - <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> <propfirst>
msotd: good enough - evanescence
i has a headache  msotd: eternal snow (piano swing instrumental) - changin' my life
msotd: ashokan farewell
msotd: my child - disturbed
msotd: innocence - disturbed (not sure if i already used this one    forgive me i'm tired )
msotd: cut - plumb
"i hate dreams that make you remember something painful  i also hate dreams that make you hopeful, when without it, you would know it's impossible "
msotd: i won't say i'm in love (from disney's hurcules)
the library never has the books i want   sad  grrr
"laughing is good for you, but i can't imagine drowning under a sea of books can be "
why does today have to be the most annoying day of the week?
"i have two choices, do homework or sleep  i choose sleep, it's more entertaining "
yay! florida southern college gave me an application fee waiver!
*stress*
i lurve me grains 
anyone hear that story about bed bugs on the news? i didn't know bed bugs were real     i'll never sleep!     in my bed 
"i wonder what happens when facebook says you no longer have \permission\"" to talk to this person """
-sigh-
i hate being a senior  i've never been so stressed in my life 
i hate my life  i hate my life  stress!!! i don't know how to have fun anymore unless i'm being lazy 
my eyes are burning   crying 
i should have logged off  i didn't e playful ect multiple people to wish me a happy birthday and wake me up  i hold no grudge against anyone b c this is my fault  under normal circumstances i would be elated 
i needs sleep   
today was fun    i wonder if it's okay to upload everyone's photos  i shall give people two days to respond and if they don't and are my friend i will post their pics anyway  you were fairly warned!  laugh 
why does netflix favor action anime as opposed to romance or comedy anime? it annoys me 
i should do my psych project     don't wanna    oh well 
how much sleep do i need? i slept through half the day already and i'm still tired  
ick my cat has an abscess   ewwwwwwww
"sorry coca-cola, i didn't mean it  you're way better than pepsi   joyful "
"what now? annoyed \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zc laugh m994yyus"
"well, i'm hibernating for the winter  don't wake me until xmas "
there's a hole in my kitchen floor    weird 
is scared because there is gunfire outside her house 
i figured out how to get my pics off my ipod!
"i just realized why i dislike most religions, because according to them, i am a breathing sin "
why do people keep changing their facebook names? i can never tell who's who anymore 
feels like she's being watched 
