9760734fa5781f618fc792c5c5fb47d4
lazy day  smile 
having a great day with lexi!  smile 
super sad!!
misses someone alot  smile 
about to eat!! yum!  smile 
carmelized  
doesn't understand
loves my love pie!!  smile 
smuggling with my love  smile 
muuuahh!
sick  blah 
happy birthday <propfirst>!!
get better soon love!!  smile 
misses thee boyfriend  annoyed 
i miss you!!  smile 
going to take my test and im nervous but confident at the same time!! wish me luck  smile 
i passed!  smile 
"thank you <propfemale>, chops and mom!  smile "
two is better then one
miss and love you!!!  smile 
homework today   
full  annoyed 
miss you!
i sware she has it out for me! i miss him <propfemale> much!!  smile 
"just cleaned the house, and made lunch! we are full and ready to play disney scene it   again   annoyed "
missing <propmale>!  sad 
miss you!!!  smile 
i wish you were still here  sad 
eating mcdonalds because i can!
can't wait for christmas!!  smile 
"dear <propfemale>, i want to spend christmas with my family and my <propmale>! please make sure everyone is safe with the terrible weather~!  smile "
"tired, no sleep!  annoyed  no more 12 girl sleep overs <propfirst>   smile  please?"
"im only down the street, but i still miss you!!"
miss you!  smile 
"he is sensible, and so incredible and all my single friends are jealous     smile "
"<propmale>, you are fabulous !  smile  thanks for being so good to me!"
"can't go to school today, roads to bad!"
tiredd  can't wait for the weekend!!  smile 
going to be with my <propmale> alll weekend  smile   smile 
going to be a good weekend !  smile 
"cold, trying to do homework! missing my boyfriend! church tonight  gets to see <propmale>  smile "
had a great time with <propmale> last night!
cannot wait for valentines day!  smile 
had a good day! going swimming again at 5 am!! way to burn calories  smile 
wednesday is going to be some day 
what a lazy day doing ese    hmmm  spent  !  smile 
i love you!!  smile   smile  couldn't ask for a better life  smile 
hate the new facebook!!!!!
had a great time last night! can't wait for next week!  smile 
"my thoughts on the first season of teen mom: i love maci and catelynn! i hate <propfemale>! she is a terrible mother! compare her to maci? maci wants everything for her baby, she is with her baby 24 7 ! <propfemale> needs to grow up and treat her mother with respect  she is a poor excuse for a mother "
i am starting to hate winter   annoyed 
"had a super valentines day with my love! he wrote me the sweetest card, couldn't have asked for anything better!  smile "
going to buy my dress today!!  smile  can't wait!
church tonight!  smile  then dinner with <propfemale> !!
going shopping for prom shoes tomorrow!! i love my dress!!  smile   smile 
2 days untill the party!!  smile  and sat  we leave for n d!! can't wait!!
turritopsis nutricula may be the worlds only immortal animal    how cool is that?! there cells keep changing form which changes there state from adult to baby over and over again!
would rather wear pork chop panties in a lions den then deal with some people  
pain is inevitable  suffering is optional 
those who criticize our generation forget who raised it 
"nothing makes a woman more beautiful, then a woman who believes she is beautiful"
"loving might be a mistake, but its worth making "
growing up on the good ol' 252!
any guy can love a thousand girls   but only one guy can love one girl in a thousand ways 
i'll always be a scorpio   sad 
