b24c60dce08ad73270360ad25d7be8ee
i believe in us
ready to start college
is missing his girl
bs bs bs
ready to finish this deployment    10 months is more than enough
is ready to be home and not ever come back
had a great day chillin and fishing in the persian gulf
one week left in this hell whole        
5 more days left!!!!! hope i dont get stuck at hood          
11 days till im at home with my love and gettin me some  wink 
glad to be home
just got back from the gym    holla!
i loves the rain
i havent been on facebook in so long i forgot how it worked
it took me 20 mnutes to log on      its been awhile
smitty werben yanker man jenson
guess ill clean up
some ice storm huh? ha!
its cold as a penguins ass in this humvee   
everyone should join the groups 'can this goat get more fans than barack obama'     go for goat in 2012
it's a boy!!!
who the hell changed my profile picture?????
soooo join my group
sooo got a black eye now     thanks a lot <propfemale>
is planning revenge on his wife    buahahahahahahahahahah
im glad to see that at least 7 states have the balls to stand for the constitutional rights of their citizens       kudos
make it twelve states           twelve states challenging one decision by this administration       sounds dangerous and i like it
wonders y people think they know whats goin on
is meant to live and die alone
keep talkin that blah blah blah
hot tub time machine was freakin awesome
blumpkin?
food  food is on my mind 
wishes she wasnt so scared                   
is totally wearing underwear
why will facebook not let me dislike someones status??????
"so i totally slept for an hour and a half last night, today is goin to suck"
is bored as all hell
what we have here      is a failure to communicate
"if you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice "
is glad that pj is doing well 
is angry that he cant go see pj tonight  stupid exams 
i miss <propmale>
bout to start my bussiness  searock know what im talkin about lmao
i just liked everything on my home <propfemale>  awesome 
how
many
times
can
i change
my status
?
i suck at life
jk i rock at life 
look at how many people liked my status before  that means all you people agree that i suck at life  you five people are now my enemies and you know who you are 
let's use facebook as a tool to make lies and ruin peoples reputations  that's a great idea!
at bww with 631!
likes this
is ready for nathananiel <propmale> watkins to return form his jouney to the mystical world of camp gruber    
really? noone will eat dinner with me? i must be a worse person than i thought lol 
is ready for afghanistan
someone needs to <propfemale> out with me tonight 
yeah       i need coffee
no comment
that guy is gonna black out in ten minutes       
really needs to study for some finals
is taking donations      
"people are stupid, escpecially when they think that patriotism is humerous and that its funny to joke about people dieing in afghanistan  perhaps the tables will turn and the next terrorist will kill these people instead so that others can laugh at their sacrifice and make immature jokes "
is ready to move into the duplex       
nightcrawlers!!!!!!!
calf fry? ummmm no thanks
cant wait till this weekend       
why do people get so excited about a testical festival?
hopefully tommorrow night will be much better
urban dictionary my name      so true
cant wait to start working
tonight should be a good one      
just invented the greatest beverage on earth   what shall i call it? a nasty nate lmao
great night
loving the new crib
doesnt know when any of my finals are
two finals left      cake
i can play hardball too       
"cant wait till friday, for sooo many reasons       "
status pending         
american gevernment final was a joke  75 questions in 15 minutes and still got a b
time to begin my strenous summer schedule  dislike
is dead
first day of work? excellent  now its time to relax  wink 
people dont realize the mistakes they make until its too late  sucks for them buahahahahahahahahaha
if this is a test of will than i will undoubtedly be the <propfirst>
nights are long when everyone hates you lmao
chowing down on some beef ravioli in meat sauce mre  delicious 
guess whoes catching a break???? thats right me
is a happy man  wink 
sure dont need other peoples approval to determine my own level of happiness
hopefully tommorrow works out      
well this blows
when we dwell on the past we miss out on the present and neglect the future     
is in an inifnite downward spiral       
only cares about two things      my boy pj and getting ready for afghanistan
has mixed feelings about going to afghanistan next year        
is at camp gruber aka hell 
has the worst luck on earth
chicken and noodles mre? don't mind if i do        
30 hours in the field with 80 percent <propmale> of severe storms? i like it
is a relatively happy person     ready to get the hell outta camp gruber  big plans when i return to the world      
<propfemale> i'm glad that was finally over!!!!! now its time to relax and look forward to friday  wink 
one more day at this prison camp known as gruber      
really army national guard? wake me up at 330 in the morning for a fictional battalion run so i can sit in the dfac for 2 hours????? nice one 
finally back at the crib!!!!!!!!!! big plans tonight  wink  also meetin my new brothers tommorrow!!!
ready to start work back up
has better things to worry about than some drama from the devil woman lmao       miss you brookie!!!!!!!!
things just cant get easier for me       
why can nothing go right for me       
ready to spend the weekend with my brookie!!!!!!!
oh yeah totally signed some petitions against anti gun legislation    get some of that you hippie freaks       also ready to spend the entire weekend with my boo!!!!!!!
someone would steal my debit card and <propmale> me         assholes
once more my sad excuse for a life is spiraling downward in an eternal path to self destruction and nevernending lonliness
blahhh  im kidding my life rocks
is in need of a beverage
is in it to win it
you would think that after 20 years living in oklahoma a persone would learn to not leave their windows down overnight  thank you mother nature for your random downpour of heavy rain    
finally of work and time to chilax  at the crib with the newly refurbished ac       yes sir
feels sorry for all you guys who dont have a girlfriend as amazing as my <propfemale> hutchison     its ok though i guess they can all have second best 
waiting for my girl to get here so we can have an awesome time for two days!!!!
had an awesome birthday yesterday all thanks to my brookie  wink 
its hard to come up when everyone and everything brings you down         
sooo i need a lawyer stat      
another amazing weekend with my brookie  smile  also drill sucks and i can't wait to be released so me and my boo can to stillwater tonight  smile 
just seen a huge red lighting bug lmao
hmm what will i do this weekend? prolly lots of tv and xbox
"despite the begining boredom, actually not a bad weekend, once again thanks to brookie"
worok was fun
"does not negotiaite with terrorists, or terrorism "
time to make it right and keep it right
<propmale> donovan: great soocer player or greatest soocer player ever????
i do believe that the us is totally dominating the second half of this game
"time to invade the nation of ghana, they may beat us at soccer but i dare say we would win in combat"
pray for the best and prepare for the worst
"is lost in a sad, lonely, and deprived world of his own creation"
had an amazing evening
is doing his best to make things right
bout to beat jakes ass at the fan on
hides behind the tears of a clown
do u remember all the times we had?
your day sucks? well my life sucks
is super stoked for his hot date next week  wink 
for compliments or complaints please call 918-399-1619
good day
totally caught a bat at work today
looks like i left a bit too soon
ready to get this court over with
hello facebook
is an indestructable master of war
blah
is a velociraptor
everything is never as it seemr
is <propmale> searock
is man 2 0
never before have i wanted another <propmale> as badly as i want one now
afghanistan is in for a rude awakening when the 45th shows up
worst nights sleep? i do believe so
is not suprised that the barracks at gruber has no ac
ready for school to start
is about to kill <propmale> <propmale> watkins
thanks for breaking glass where my children play
cant run from the time police
hopefully the gop regains control of both houses in the midterm elections  this would be very nice  godspeed gop
facebook on xbox live? interesting
nothin beats a cup of <propfirst> and some fox news on a saturday morning
is wet
hates school
just seen <propfirst> dirt at the student union
brand new its always <propfemale>!!!
is getting ready for my trip to the amazon!!!!!
ok someones real funny
headache
just raped that wester civ exam
well that was interesting
free smokes? great day       
work blows
"cant wait to get back from afghan so me and chops can buy a houseboat        yeah thats right, a house boat"
"when the sun sets on the horizon it radiates an amount of beauty on the earth that is greater than that which man can comprehend  yet there is a greater beauty, one which lasts much longer than the fleeting beauty of the sunset  yet this degree of beauty is differant for all mankind, no two people see the same beauty and that is the true beauty of life "
ok just for clarification last status was not gay in anyway so <propmale> searock can suck it (no homo)
doesnt wanna go to work and sell shady people cigarrettes
shit night at work
great day with my son
just seen a little <propfirst> dirt at work and he wanted to shake my hand so it would shock me lmao
never let a woman drive u to a pumpkin patch
don't wanna go to work
work work work
i never wanted change until obama
hates cgjmtg
skipping thanksgiving
i wish i could drum up some measure of excitement over a pointless game in which two groups of men simply throw a ball around and basically just run into each other  just seems like a rather unrewarding waste of time and recources
cookout son
getting another ratta tat tat
"hd projector, surround sound and black ops"
insomnia
bored
people are strange
nazi zombies don't stand a <propmale>     
watching short films
has a new favorite movie
the eclispe isn't near as cool as the halo of clouds that surrounded the <propfemale> about an hour and a half prior to the actual eclipse
ok now this eclispe is badass
the reaper and the resonator plus monkey bombs
im sooooo nervous lmao
let me clear my throat
nonchalant
waterbored
 
at times victory can be disquised as defeat
is one more lonely than zero?
body marked up like a wall in the 80s?
is in a coma
you never know until you try
swants
doesn't want to go to yellow ribbon
hayes yellow ribbon
me and <propfirst> just watched the guy driving in front of us wipe out at 60 mph  glad to report no injuries!
"not a fan of src although the new armory is fantastic, like a castle"
when in rome
gonna gonna gonna?
4 inches of snow on tuesday? yeah right
looks like hoth outside
steelers 24-21
anyone up for a movie?
ready for march 2012!!!
is ready to go 
30 day challenge  day 1: quit putting stupid pictures and quotes on facebook because no one gives a shit
guess it's time to start packing all my stuff up again for another government funded vaca to the beautiful resort country of afghanistan!!!!
"30 days challenge  day 2 : quit asking me to help milk your stupid ass cow, take care of your own make believe farm"
bed? yes please! two more nights of restful civilian sleep      
divorce court  smile 
divorce? done!
two more nights and one of them doesnt count     
"it doesn't suprised me that those wisconsin dems left the state and went practically into hiding rather than vote  that's ridiculous! man up and do your damn job and vote, if you lose you lose  pathetic "
really? i mean really??
i'll see everyone in about a month!!!! i'll miss you guys!!!!!
"is beat, although all this gear seems to be getting lighter the more i <propfemale> it"
10 more days
"mississippi sucks, i was standing outside at 0730 and sweating"
muscle fatigue
only the thought of home keeps the drive alive
hooah=false motivation
snarf
is indestructable
"push ups, go"
i'll be at the best western in stillwater on tuesday wednesday friday and saturday and more than likely bored as hell so don't be afraid to stop by
time with my son  smile 
back to the hell hole known as camp <propfirst>
bulls on parade
has drawn a blank
is wasting the ta playful ayers money
"yay it's friday!!! oh wait, friday is just like every other shitty day with uncle <propfirst>"
hopefully this afghanistan thing is an elaborate april fools joke
uncle <propfirst> is a blue falcon
one two three one
is getting more studdly every minute
missing my sons first bday     
