c8c7f1ea3a16f93caf9f63a787a11a15
lonely :[
damn anatomy  annoyed 
"just got home from school, now for homework :["
i don't know what to say   
i can't wait to get older   
bored alone tired 
yay its cold!!!!!
baby tomarrow  smile  (moms)
doing anatomy hw   
is really tired
lacrosse camp tomarrow  smile 
happy new years everyone  smile 
cant wait for the weekend  smile 
studyin for math  smile 
ride-a-thon this weekend  smile 
happy valentines day everyone  smile 
<propmale> teachers suck  annoyed 
doing english notecards  annoyed 
sick of my life 
just got home from school  lots of homework 
my <propmale> teacher might not hate me  surprise 
"math,american history and then anatomy  annoyed "
started cat disection today in anatomy!!!!
horse back riding with <propfemale> was awesome  smile  cant wait for the next time i go 
catching up on all of my school work   finally  smile 
bored  i need something to do 
can't fall asleep  
needs help with math 
loves ash scalzo back  love 
watching cash cab
my life sucks    
scrapbooking with ash!
finally taking drug and alcohol test  laugh 
rearranging my room  can't wait for thursday!
finishing my <propmale> project
eating salad  i feel like a rabbit 
well today kinda sucked  
needs help with english  annoyed 
so the alarm at my house just went off   i don't think i'll be able to sleep  
i think this is the first time i've only seen 2 people online 
so nt ready for school to start on tuesday  
got 2nd lunch!!!!!  laugh 
yay economics homework!   not!
"ok, time to actually start feldmen's essay  "
just saw you again with momma  smile 
is about to kill mrs  thornton for this greek pottery packet  
finished the greek packet for pottery!!!!!!
i broke my giraffe's tail on my ashlynns's mug :[
my giraffe mug came out beautiful  smile 
4 more days till i get to see ashlynns beautiful face  laugh 
cant wait to see ashlynn tomarrow  laugh 
home  im gonna miss seeing ashlynn  sad 
doing feldman's project 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
cookie party  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
"i love you <propfemale>!! love, <propfirst>  smile   love "
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays  smile 
"hacked by <propfirst>, again!!  love   smile "
