c91d724060bc96e55513c14666a480c9
i love remembering all these people!!!
"i went to work,felt fine someone hit me with strep when i wasn't lookin now i am miserable        gonna sleep till tomorrow "
went to work at 4 am boss came in at 7 made me go home guess i did look as bad as i felt  ha  ha  
all i wanna do is sleep i never sleep what up with that?i not use to being sick i tell you it sux 
i still have strep after a week and a half had to go bk to doctor yesterday this one better take   gave $110 00 for a flippin prescription if that don't make ya sick  lol
still sick     3weeks now  i went to hospital for test today  i want to feel good again!!!! so tired of feeling bad 
well doc called me   i have pneumonia can't work again till tuesday or go to hospital   i think i stay home 
some people should never pretend to be moms 
we know your drama ain't always real!!!!!!!!!!
stupid people really piss me off!!!!!!!!!!!1
happy fathers day to all the great dads and the not so great ones too!
will know on the 20th of july if we havin a bubba or another sissy for <propfemale> and <propfemale>   
i gettin a grand son!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!woo hoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you all never had so many birthday wishes in a long time   phone calls too i almost feel special  lol
great friends are priceless!!
have no phone!!!technical probs with verizon when i tried to activate new one     oh well maybe tomorrow    not stressin over it just needed to vent  lol
phone is fixed and i survived  lol
when life gives you lemons    you go get tequilla!!!
feel a nap in my future  nite nite!
you treat friends as if they were priceless   not like they from the five and dime   
missin my babies!!!
omg!!!air gone out!!!
no more burnig legs!!! cortisone is a fantastic drug!!! now i can sleep!!!!
  waiting for my butt to catch up cause it draggin driving wears me out with a bad leg  sleep comes i be okay!!
i have the best friends in the world!!
my baby girl turns a year older tomorrow    love you  <propfemale>!!
happy thanksgiving to everyone and remember those less fortunate and our guys and gals serving our country! love to all!
i have a new grandson!!!!johnathon gordan hill jr  6lbs 12oz he is beautiful!!!!big sister <propfemale> thinks he da bomb she calling him bubba    
my doesnt love this no job thing   it sux!!
wish i could sleep!!!!
go packers!
can we say touch down!
blackeyed peas are unreal the best ever!
facebook has found my best friend in the world from 30 yrs ago!!!!!!!!!!!life is good!!!
hi robert!i in your livin room
i'm up   mopped and scrubbed  did laundry   why not sleepy?and i am never on fb at 2 in the mornin     somebody shoot me  or make me sleepy   
"ok,lets swim to the store!"
fantastic night with great friends love you girls frieda is was great to see you again   
orange
