0737e4e4980f56c9fb1cb5743001c917
"has started 2010 very asian   hong kong hair salon, milk tea, and pop corn chicken   love"
live as if you will die tomorrow   learn as if you will live forever  http annoyed  www ted com talks ben_dunlap_talks_about_a_passionate_life html
"is excited for an old fashion cocktail party tonight, time to pull out my old fave, vodka gimlets, throw on some pearls and channel <propfemale> draper to go with the short hair "
is re-evaluating   again
j'ai ne sais pas
gets to play asian nanny today!
in baltimore until thursday 
needs sleep   in baltimore
is in love with the <propmale> memorial    love 
is back in the left coast
is looking at old travel pictures   uh oh   
is cooking chicken adobo tonight!
wonders how people can be so retarded   either that or i'm just feeling bitchy today
you do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best  you want to be considered the only ones who do what you do
has bangs
anyone want to sublease my pretty north beach studio so i can spend the rest of my life traveling?
wants to join the circus or pack parachutes
"'s landlord brought someone to do work on my apartment and he totally recognized my place from tv   lol, i guess that's more of my 15 minutes    love "
"is drunk, thnak god for summer fridays at work"
would rather have too many dreams and reach half of them then not enough dreams to reach for 
might have to trade in bastille day celebrations for a nice quiet night in my apartment   if anyone wants to <propfemale> tonight let me know 
has the camino de <propmale> on my mind again   the effects of receiving emails from my spaniard friends 
" love 's united's frequent flyer <propmale> sale   i have enough <propmale> to fly anywhere except australia   hmm, where to go?"
needs a new hobby
can't keep having sundays like yesterday   
wonders if it's a better idea to stay home and not celebrate hemingway's birthday with free absinthe drinks since i think i'm getting sick  sad 
wonders what can go wrong?
"wants to take a trip through tunisia, egypt, greece, turkey, lebanon, <propmale>, <propfirst>, bhutan, kazakhstan, xinjiang (<propfemale>), mongolia, and end up in shanghai to see old friends and maybe throw in hainan for some beachy fun   ok magic travel <propfemale> do your t"
is a sucker for academics
"is sad the wood furniture making class is full   small business, voice, and either beginning principles of fashion design or beginning theatre?"
you only live once
misses being naive   now i'm jaded and waiting for something to excite me
"just realized, the longer i'm made to wait, the less i want it "
really wants to take french and arabic but then i really won't have any free time in the fall
"il est difficle de vaincre ses passions, et impossible de <propmale> satisfaire "
stupid t-mobile commercial being filmed in sf today   totally reminding me how much i miss jumping out of planes 
what's with backhanded compliments   twice in one day i was called a <propfemale> in the rough
is excited for the newest movie adaptation of brave new world!   love  aldous huxley
"<propfirst> of all trades, master of none, though oft times better than master of one!"
turns out i actually am allergic to my work
loves how life is fun but oh so drama free   laugh 
wants to make dairy free treats for all my lactose intolerant friends   smile 
over today   should have gone to pastry school after deciding law school wasn't for me
"just wants to bake yummy treats, write, learn languages, travel, organize philanthropical events, and debate philosophy over bottles of wine   that is my ideal life "
"is becoming sentimental as i work on the notes for my novel   \if you're friends with __ you must either be gorgeous or brilliant and from our conversation i must say it's both \"""""
à coeur vaillant rien d'impossible 
"what fun, i ran into an old college friend at my fashion design class!"
kind of likes getting up early and getting more done in my morning than i would otherwise
i think i'm addicted to buying chinese stocks   time to look for domestic investments again?
starting to feel like my old self again
wants to learn how to make french macaroons
wants to watch <propfemale> & <propfemale> minus the <propfemale> portion   what a way to satisfy both the francophile and foodie in me
wishes i had a professional kitchen to play in
is turning into a hermit
"wishes someone else would take my next profile picture, i feel they're all looking the same now "
just made vegan cayenne cupcakes filled with salted caramel sauce and drizzled with lavender icing   from scratch!
adores my watercolor pencils  love 
can't wait to try commis
wo <propfemale> gai zai xue zhong <propfemale> 
had the yummiest dinner at the house  love 
"wishes i was in spain, this would totally be siesta time"
wonders why spain keeps calling to me   
"went on a 5 hour trek from my apartment in north beach along the water front, over the <propfemale> gate bridge to <propfemale> and back again   needless to say i'm resting tonight"
"spent all weekend looking for flats but ended up buying three pairs of hot looking heels   i really, really tried this time  sad "
is having yummy food tomorrow instead of voice class   i'll probably pay for this once midterm recitals come around   
had a dream last night that i was opening up a shop and booking a last minute trip to shanghai
loving my lunch from carte415
has nightmares about badly made cupcakes
taking this from my brother's status:  if a con is the opposite of pro    does that make congress the opposite of progress?
is flattered
made my bombay <propmale> cupcakes(chocolate curry and banana cupcakes with peanut butter frosting) and chocolate bacon cupcakes
has travel on my mind
always loves seeing <propfemale>!  that girl is getting feisty  smile 
has been accepted into the cupcake contest for my bombay <propmale> cupcake   oh it's on!
is trying to figure out what song to sing for my final
used to darken my freckles with brown eyeliner when i was in high school
<propfemale> g  koman race for the cure
"just booked tickets to new york october 29th thru nov 3rd, who wants to join me for halloween in nyc?"
"can't sleep, feeling creative"
"can't wait to watch, \coco before chanel\"""""
wonders how i keep getting convinced to make cupcakes   making mini vegan version of my bombay <propmale> cupcakes and trying out a mini red <propfemale> and cream cheese with cabernet some how mixed in   i'll figure it out
needs a change
"is tempted to skip my voice class today, go home, and make myself some udon or soon tofu stew"
is making things happen!
"no matter how long i've been out of high school i'll always fall victim to the mission \curse\"""""
had the most surreal day saturday
is wondering what is up with all these migraines all of a sudden   sad 
absolutely adores life  laugh 
is so fickle
"13 1 <propmale>, it's on!"
is thinking a trip to shanghai is long over due   lil' shanghai is all growns up since i left it!
is looking forward to the weekend
thinks everyone should have goals   just don't judge me for mine  wink 
swim then sauna   that's what i call cross training
"running in the rain then making my \red wine and cheese pairing\"" cupcake and working on a business outline"""
wonders why boys never talk to me
sometimes dreams do come true *fingers crossed*
"ran, did hill work, yoga, juiced, made an egg white and spinach omelette, and payed my bills   love getting so much done before work  smile "
bleed through my running shoe   
wants to be the inspiration for a piece of art   hint hint to all my artistic friends
" love 's all the lovely, positive people in my life"
wonders why my coworkers always want to drink on my running days   
gets to play asian nanny today!!
"can't sleep, clowns will eat me (points to anyone who knows the reference)"
just needs to keep reminding myself it's only for one more month   i so need a relaxing run tonight
's tuesday sucked   but wednesday is another day 
wonders what's causing my recent insomnia   
is tempted to just disappear into the mountains of tibet for a while   
misses my girl crush   she's just coolness personified
's coworkers make me laugh soooooo much  love   laugh 
is hoping someone has a red dress i can borrow for wednesday
"is trying to figure out my next travel plans   where, with who, how long, when, etc"
gets super happy every time i hear my favorite christmas song  laugh 
is creeped out   the owner of a new restaurant by my office offered me lunch and then followed me into walgreens while i was running errands 
what a day!
is just that good   
http annoyed  www businessinsider com why-asia-makes-the-west-look-like-the-stone-age-2009-12
"is going to miss my coworkers    drinks tomorrow, 5 smile 0 at 5a5, then karaoke tbd"
is excited to have convinced just about everyone in the office to go to happy hour tonight!
needs a massage and s l e e p 
"lunch, <propfemale> holiday party, upenn holiday party, churchkey holiday party    oh thursday, you will kill me"
 love 's my friends
"running, photo shoot, playing asian nanny!"
9 <propmale> and 4 hills   now panam brunch with some of my favorite people  smile 
kids running the office and <propfemale> singing songs   oh it must be close to christmas!
"is switching back to my 510 phone number and dropping the 415, send me a note if you don't have the number "
delam barat tang shode
m-u-s-t stop looking at maps   
<propfemale> christmas my loves!
"tell             me and i'll forget,            show me and i may remember, involve me and i will understand  -- confucius"
died a little bit inside turning down an overland trip from istanbul to cairo :    (
is finishing up my last day at work   i'm going to miss my lil' sf aol family
"is home, but can't relax yet   i swear i'm more busy now than when i was working"
dear life  you rock   love tiffie dear tiffany   stop spending me   love your bank account
is super stoked to be that much closer to getting to volunteer at one of my fave nonprofits in sf!!!!!
believe in yourself and life and consequently life will believe in you 
"is the best cook ever!  now i'm kinda sad i finally finished my big pot of kimchi and tofu \gumbo\""   what to cook next?"""
opened up a bottle of cava because i wanted a mimosa with my dinner   now i just realized i kind of have to finish the bottle myself   uh oh
this whole not really traveling in january was the worst idea ever
"loves all my friends, they care if my drunk ass gets home  love "
is <propfemale> hsu
"hmm, time to start looking for work"
is a lady of leisure   
had everything go wrong for dinner tonight but ended up exactly where i needed to be for yet another job prospect even though i wasn't looking for one 
"can only take so much shopping, drinking, going out to dinners, hanging out,playing with babies, and flying to random cities   hurry up half marathon, as soon as you're over i get to do some real travel   "
 love 's my purple tights and movie night  smile 
is traumatized
"la critique est aisée, mais l'art est difficile "
playing catch up but failing miserably   how come i'm always busier when i'm not working?
"sometimes i can't believe this is my life  smile    tomorrow i'm e playful loring my neighborhood, north beach, anyone want to join me for breakfast at mama's at washington square park?"
running and ramen   what an awesome tuesday night!
come out to support haiti tonight either at the starlight room or the independent
is enjoying (f)unemployment to the fullest
running and ethiopian food   be still my heart  love 
"just turned down a series of paid ads for 944 and a motocross ad all because i won't be around for february   lol, but what a nice ego boost"
yay family day   but it's not even my family
"rain, tea, and jazz   sounds like a perfect night for writing  smile "
"alright doppleganger, i used to get the most random ones   but i think suchin pak was the only one that made some sense "
"italy, egypt, ethiopia uganda   how can i say no?"
http annoyed  www ted com talks jk_rowling_the_fringe_benefits_of_failure html
got past the biggest hurdle   the trip is on!
is wondering if i have enough room in my passport for this trip   do i have enough time to get pages added?
ok i can either spend a day in d c  2 17 or stay overnight in la 2 16   thoughts?
should really sleep
can't wait to see what lectures come out of ted2010 !!
"wonders, if we only surround ourselves with good people does that mean we lose the opportunity to understand the negative?"
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name using their search engine  copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
"<propfemale>:<propfemale>'s are usually very loyal  she has many acquintances, but very few best friends  they are always opened minded and always have to be entertained or be having a good time  most of time <propfemale>'s stay single and flirt around never let go of that <propfemale> "
loved having a store full of personal shoppers   but now i'm poor
"cpr class, yay!!"
anyone have a good backpack i can borrow for my trip?  i don't want to buy a new one and i don't want to bring my suitcase and have to check my bags 
is having an off day   c'est la vie   tomorrow is another day  smile 
really?!
is getting nervous for my first half marathon tomorrow
"dear sunday, you rocked,  love <propfemale>  smile "
earned another freckle or two from running the kaiser half marathon today!!
had planned on resting today but i feel great and restless   anyone want to play hooky and check out a museum with me?
qu'est-ce qu'il y a ?
", if you're going to get sick, do it now   you have exactly one week to recover   "
just booked the rest of my flights!!!  hellllooooo adventure!!
is really lucky and grateful for it!!!
is going for it!
last night in sf for a while   
"has been watching a ton of disney movies instead of getting anything done   on that note, aladdin is still my favorite in terms of songs and i  love  how all the female characters are so headstrong"
is starting to wonder if i enjoy life too much    love  my friends!!
"packing, packing, packing   trying to fit everything for a month long trip into a <propfemale> carry-on   can i do it?"
is digging through my money collection for all my euros
"is both excited and nervous, tomorrow night i fly out  san <propfirst> -> dulles -> rome -> cairo -> luxor -> dahab -> <propfemale> and the dead sea -> addis ababa   "
interesting to say the least
"without my \italian lovers\"" i am feeling a bit lost in roma   what to do with myself   naples and amalfi perhaps?"""
never realized what an asset it is to travel alone as a woman in italy   i will miss italian hospitality   ciao roma   salam wa aleikum cairo   flying into egypt now
"private night time nile river boat ride, interesting   cairo just about kicked my butt for my first night   now for giza and the pyramids"
is surprised i haven't met any other solo travelers in egypt   mosty package tourists   karnak was amazing   tomorrow luxor's west bank   then it's finally time to relax by the sea in dahab
"how do i end up on so many \dates\"" without realizing it?"""
"goodbye luxor, hello dahab   well, after a 16 hour bus ride   "
how can i be so stressed in such a relaxing place?
run along the dahab boardwalk with the colored mountains on one side and aqquaba bay and a view of saudi arabia on the other    this is why i travel
"today: relaxation by the bay, tomorrow: a trip to <propfirst> for <propfemale> and the dead sea   "
 love 's my family and friends!!
"is anyone i know in <propfirst>, <propmale>, u k , or italy at the moment?"
"first day of padi training complete, what an e playful erience!"
enjoying dahab   must come back   
"finished my padi and am even more convinced, if i ever get married, skip the engagement ring, just buy me gear for all the sports i get addicted to"
sunburnt on my last day in dahab   lovely   now for one last snorkle then a bus ride back to cairo
in the uk and thinking  about ireland
really hopes i never stop educating myself
"where in the world is <propfemale>, wouldn't i like to know  playful "
i've spun the globe and it's taking me to southern spain   hola malaga!
the best part of being a single female traveler is how approachable people find you 
so far malaga has been a weird e playful erience   
"i was offered dinner and a job from a man who talked about himself like he was god, fascinating man   i turned down both   now off to tarifa in the morning "
totally gets what coehlo was talking about being in tarifa and having africa call to you   at the edge of spain and enjoying my view of morocco
was drinking my coffee after lunch when the waiter gave me  a drink from a greek ship captain   i didn´t think people actually did that 
"gibraltar today, morocco tomorrow?"
living in a <propfirst> in southern spain   don't ask   
"leaving spain soon and leaving <propfirst> living for milano then back to <propfemale> and in the end, san francisco    miss all my lovelies!!"
"goodbye <propfirst> living, hello italy for a few more days"
three countries in one day   my mind doesnt know what language to speak in   at least i know how to figure out metro stations or i never would have found my hotel in <propmale>!
"thinks the italian grandmother at  breakfast was telling me how cute my freckles are   duomo and the last supper, then a long train to rome   "
rome once again!  it feels good to be somewhere familiar!  last two nights of travel then home   if anyone knows of any media advertising jobs i am not going to waste time to start looking once i am home 
"a) it's almost a guarantee that a lone girl walking in rome will end up with a local tour guide for the night b) once a man starts calling a girl beautiful too often it's time to leave d) according to the lady at the gelato place my money makers are my hair, facial structure, smiling face, and freckles c) today i will be checking out the capt'n crunch church and enjoying my favorite place, st  <propmale>'s square"
"two more flights and thus ends my month of planes, train, buses, cars, vans, boats, ferries, and camels   what a month, what a \life\"""""
"what a last night in rome, i was wined and dined by the police commissioner of rome who also rushed to help me find a place still open to buy gifts before he walked me to my hotel without making a move, love it!    italy is an awesome place to be alone and female!"
"silly jetlag, why you make tiffie tired   on an unrelated note, who hasn't watched <propfemale> in wonderland and wants to watch it with me?"
going though withdrawal
"i spent the day with my mom with resulting convos:  me: flights to shanghai are $700  mom: that's cheap, too bad you just finished traveling  me: well, i don't have to be done  mom: yeah, you're right    mom: oh look you can go to europe for cheap  me: i just got back from a trip  mom: true, you could go again, or it would be easier if you worked there   mom, you shouldn't be encouraging my wanderlust"
is wondering what to do for my (gulp) 27th birthday in less than a month   
"hates how short my hair has been cut  sad     feeling un-cute and hiding out in my apartment (ie unpacking, cleaning, uploading photos)"
"still to come: photos from <propfirst>, england, spain, and <propmale>"
's love for travel and understanding the world is contagious   plus i've learned i should get rid of the maps that liter my apartment since they just encourage my addiction   
 love 's train travel
anything you can do i can do better  wink 
is never using orbitz again   whether or not they completely suck at life depends on whether or not i get my refund and compensated for the last minute ticket i had to book to london an hour before the flight took off due to an error on orbitz's part 
is wondering why i'm so addicted to the middle east   
will some day figure out how to consolidate my lust for travel and adventure with work   inshallah
feels like a bum   not doing anything is not my thing
http annoyed  www ted com talks adora_svitak html
"dear u n , you're still my dream   inshallah"
"dear amalfi, i dream about you in all the colors that create fairytales and <propmale> wishes, i dream about you in arabic, italian, french, and mandarin, but oddly enough not in english"
30 by 30
"have i found my perfect travel partner   hmm, only a test trip with him can tell   "
asian <propmale> museum for the shanghai exhibit on free tuesday since i haven't been in actual shanghai for two years now  sad 
is craving koshary
"first run since running in dahab and having all the egyptians on the boardwalk make comments about my running \form\"""""
"dear universe, i did my part, now you do yours   inshallah"
"facebook and gmail keep showing me ads about buying villas in amalfi, cheap flights to africa, business schools, international grad school, upcoming marathons, adventure vacations, sailing classes,volunteer opportunities in south <propfemale>, and culinary school   is that what my interest have been reduced down to?"
it's a legacy from childhood instinct
is always more productive and open to inspiration late late late at night
not being facebook friends with someone means i now have the coolest penpal  love 
"dear ankle, i know i twisted you one night in spain and then i continued to climb and jump off of things like the tomboy that i am, but that was a month ago and i'd really like to get in some more running    feel better soon    love tiffie"
who knew shipping a package to egypt would cost so much
is enjoying slowing down 
is going to have a girly moment when i say   i just bought the hottest birthday dress!
"yassou eikossi epta, ?? ???, marhaba saba wa ishrun, ciao ventisette, bonjour vingt-sept, hola vientesiete, hello 27, salam bist haft, hoi zevenëntwintig"
"the drive along the pacific coast highway was lovely, after the morning fog cleared up the afternoon was full of color, as if the world was turned to technicolored contrast   then coming home to all these birthday wishes has made this the best first day of 27   love you all and thank you!!!!! ?"
does anyone know of good language courses in san <propfirst>?
witnessed an end of an <propfemale>
"too much travel literature is written by men, their e playful erience is not my e playful erience, yet the women who write travel stories follow too much of what is e playful ected from them   their e playful erience is not my e playful erience   someday i will find literature that speaks to me, and that will be the day i am published   "
"should really sleep, but i get so much more done at night"
"thai chicken salad with a garlic spicy soy lime sauce, avocado, artichoke, grape tomatoes, julienned carrots, and chopped basil   success!  adding this to my cooking rotation  laugh "
tasty tacos then tricky trivia     love 
hoping everything goes well for <propfemale> and lil' bun today    *fingers crossed*
welcome <propfemale> <propfemale> jorve   all 6lbs 1oz!!!!
is going to walnut creek to meet lil' ally!!!!!!  laugh 
11 <propfemale>s and not even one whole day of 33 days of memories put onto the <propfemale> yet   at least this time around i've gotten further with my first draft    
"dear bar method, there will be a day when i'm not the girl in class that needs to be corrected all the time even though it gives me bad flashbacks to when i took ballet lessons for a moment "
why do i feel the need to finish a bottle of wine everytime i write   at least i don't drink much otherwise   
dive e playful o and a coastal drive   perfection  smile 
"is looking for a new apartment, one bedroom ideal, but my budget may dictate a studio   "
"is the absolute worst at grocery shopping   i bought a magnum of pinot griggio, pork chops, avocados, artichoke hearts, and yogurt   what am i supposed to make with that?"
old hurts resurface even when new insight is gained   some people will always have an effect regardless of how much time has passed   
lunch at the legion of honor over looking the pacific ocean on free musuem day   lovely
"was snuck into the cartier  exhibit and all i can say is, \why don't i have a tiara?\"""""
best purchases today: smoked grey sea salt and black truffle oil   talk about having fun with my cooking e playful eriments  laugh 
is shifting priorities
"enjoying the sunshine, bar method class, then a flight to miami for a day   life is lovely"
"catching up with a good friend, beach, atlantic ocean, job offer, and then tomorrow a day with <propfemale> and ally bun    perfection  smile "
starting monday i am no longer a woman of leisure   
learned how to say all the oceans and the <propmale> bodies of waters in mandarin   nerd
feels like i've been neglecting my facebook
never knows what i want   
forgetting my work laptop in my apartment and tripping over myself is probably a good indication that my body isnt ready to go cold turkey without coffee
half the people i know are professional bums   hmm   
is excited to be able to see one of my idols next month   richard branson!!
beat out 15 other people for my <propfemale> new apartment  love 
i miss breathing underwater   
after spending my first night in my new apartment i finally realized what it reminds me of   it's like living in a beach house  love 
"the more i learn about life the less afraid i am, the more i e playful erience, the less intimidating anything is"
is getting tired of hipster food options
"dear amalfi coast, i miss you   can we play together again soon?"
people in sf dont know how to dance
time to break in my new kitchen with some specialty cupcake baking  laugh 
kind of wants a picnic table with cushioned seats for my dining table   
"plantar fasciitis on the right, and a left ankle that needs an mri after twisting it in spain   i'm so not a happy runner at the moment    *pout*"
sometimes i think i'm just a big kid
"doesn't know if i should blame or thank aric s  <propfemale> for introducing me to my first <propfirst> theroux novel, \dark <propfemale> safari\""   reading \""pillars of hercules\"" and completely missing being in the mediterranean"""
wonders why domestic flights are always such a bigger hassle than international ones   on my way to la
"happy hour, tacos, and geek parties    love "
just realized i havent changed my voicemail since i went on vacation last year   
is looking for a programmer to work on a project with  laugh 
against everyone's better judgement i'm heading out for a test run   oh fatalistic temptation 
just got my hair cut and asked to be used as a model on the salon website   lol
"dear body, why did you decide to get sick on one of my most favoritest days of the year     sad "
even looking at food makes me feel sick     sad 
"can navigate my way around the world, jump out of planes and dive the red sea, but i cant find a doctor to take a look at what i suspect to be an ulcer   omg did i just find out i'm one of those dumb smart people who can't take care of myself?"
"hmm who knew, not only is hami melon the only thing i can stomach right now(super yummy btw), but it has curative properties as well   i'm sooo sticking to chinese medicine"
just lost two years of blog information material while updating my wordpress   *sob*
"dear airlines, please stop making all your flights so e playful ensive, i've never had to pay $1,000 for any flight before and now it looks like the norm   please no more natural disasters or oil spills, or i'll be forced to live in a country where it's not economically discouraging to fly internationally   love, tiffie"
"is it wrong to love taking taxis just for the pleasure of talking about the driver's home country  best convos ever about brazil, ethiopia, and <propfirst> come from late night rides home"
just found my bank card for my chinese bank account   i wonder if i still have money in it?
"hurdles for now, but i keep thinking of <propmale>"
i was reading the newest issue of runner's world at my physical therapy office this morning   can't wait to get back into training!
every now and then i have the pleasure of sneaking a glorious piece of literature into my reading rotation and i am reminded that even with the ease and proliferation of writing platforms there is a dearth of real writers
feels like a failure today
thanks to <propfirst> montie i'm thinking about taking the foreign service exam again for fun   i really need to stop taking exams for fun   
how different is egyptian arabic and levantine arabic?
maybe a competitive sport?
this could be it!!
is it weird to base my life off of dr  seuss books?
i want to run so badly   
"maybe this shows how tech-tarded i am, but i just found out i can decompress my low resolution images and enlarge my photos for printing      love "
reading con-tiki is making me want to go on my own pacific sailing adventure   
"busy day prepping for tomorrow\s big bbq"""
tiffie tired
"wants to open a bistro for traveling artists, wayward wanderers, and white collar criminals   but not in sf   perhaps dahab, essaouira, tarifa, hainan?"
"middle east, <propfemale>, or south <propfemale>?"
"i used to be talented, what happened?"
"cookie baking, wine drinking, spoiling a 3 year old, trip planning, and staring at a map trying to compare it to what we remember about geographical references from mythology about the ancient world   i'm such a nerd, but i love it!"
i just wrote a long list of recommendations for shanghai and as i looked up links online to make things easier it made me realize how much shanghai has grown up since i was last there   i miss it  sad 
"is feeling good writing, editing, creating, dreaming again    "
"apparently everyone knows what the \tiffie pose\"" is   """
why is it so hard to write a simple two minute script about my ideas for making the world a better place   bottomless mimosa brunch might be the inspiration i need   
wants to hide away in bed today either watching bad daytime t v  or playing with my new photo editing software
not quite liking my script   should i be unconventional and tell a story instead?
"feels like elle woods, though my ideas are sound, i come across as shallow because i like to put a little fun into everything i do "
is it sad that i'd rather skip out on going out to finally work on making my blog updates and figuring out the next steps for my <propfemale> video?
is always craving good <propfemale>n food   time for another trip to <propfemale>?
has decided to start trying to cook all the awesome things i've had while traveling once a week in my apartment   anyone want to join me?
misses getting blisters on my feet after pushing myself with a hard run   my physical therapist has added at least half a month more until i can be up and running again   sad 
apparently is the person everyone who is questioning what makes sense in their lives goes to for advice   have i really made my pursuit for finding a life that feels right that obvious?
is full of bad ideas   right now i want an etch a sketch coffee table   
"wishes i was <propmale> dali, then i could make reality into the way i see it "
just bought an elephant    love 
"tuesday will be my first \dinner at tiffany's\"" where i recreate food i've had while traveling   if anyone is interested in joining me", dinner will be at my apartment at 8pm\0737e4e4980f56c9fb1cb5743001c917,"dear unesco, i would have your babies if i could"
is really taking advantage of having an apartment that allows for dinner parties 
woke up grouchy     sad 
for someone who was a psych <propmale> how come i've only just now made psychology today part of my reading rotation?
"what do people who are dreamers, have creative ideas and are good at facilitating action do?"
"i'll just do it myself, my way   "
"dear powerpoint, suddenly i'm addicted to your capabilities beyond work presentations   love "
i wish i was   
is it crazy or could it work?
i wish i was ferran <propfemale> so that i could have a place of my own to get as e playful erimental as i damn well please
"since my blog has been hacked i'll just post what's for dinner this week here:  thursday 8pm @ my apartment, this week will italian: pasta with gorgonzola and truffle oil sauce, some sort of antipasta and something yummy for dessert   i know, so descriptive  who is in this week?"
"dear dining room table, as soon as i finish my photo wall, you're my next <propmale> project    love  tiffie"
"4 35 miles   good news, at least i'm not starting from scratch   bad news, my ankle still hurts :      ("
is thinking about shaking up my life outline and do things a bit out of order  smile 
"it just took numerous rewrites, countless moments of self destraction, two glasses of wine, a bottle of beer and an hour and a half of retakes to self tape the minute of \me\"" for my video   all dreams of being on screen have been dismissed"""
"quick question to all my <propfemale>philes, whenever i was in <propfemale> it was popular to eat these packets of candied nuts that were somewhat walnut like but <propfemale>, but i can't remember what type of nut they are   i know that's vague, but anyone?"
i feel like i've just suddenly realized how awesome the internet is   
is totally geeking out
"is only there was a place where i could have people over for meals all the time   oh wait, like a bistro or something?"
dear powerpoint 2010 and windows movie maker   i love you   that's all
it's another week and another dinner at <propfemale>'s   this week i'm doing mexican mariscos   ceviche tacos and shrimp cocktail   who's in?
sometimes i wish i could just live in a craft store
really misses shanghai
i dream of things that never were   
"cupcake, wine, and cheese night!"
"sf street food fest, not so cool   sf stop every where on the way out of the mission to get yumminess for wine, cheese, and jem night   awesome"
"it took a while, but the blog is back up   all because i can't fall asleep"
wants to make it a wine and ice cream party in my apartment tonight 
just bought noodles from a lady on a bike   
"why have i not read \the life of pi\"" before?  love """
today is the day   
looking forward to a looooong mind clearing drive to temecula  smile 
socal here i come
<propfemale> looked absolutely gorgeous   resting now before the reception   smile   congratulations to mr  & mrs  jimenez!!!
is addicted to acupuncture
a looooong weekend of driving means i'm now up to date with all the newest pop music   
excited     smile 
 love 's <propfemale> keenon for reminding me that i do have a plan   smile 
since when do i listen to conventional wisdom?
"tonight's dinner: thai beef salad, coconut curry with chicken, homemade coconut rice pudding, and a frozen coconut drink i totally made up   hmm, i hope my dinner guests actually like coconut    "
really wants to see the taj mahal
nothing i do is traditional
"why does \up\"" always make me cry?"""
has never felt more chinese   my mom just called trying to set me up   
what a great day  laugh 
the only time you fail is when you don't try
????
race for the cure on two hours of sleep   yay for it only being a 5k!
life is good   laugh 
needs an adventure   
deviating from the norm has lead me to live a very full life   now it's time to live enough for a second lifetime
"sooooo hot, i feel like i'm in <propfemale>"
dinner at benu tonight!!!
"just had a awkward conversation with chef <propfirst> <propfirst> of benu   honestly, i should never be allowed to talk to people "
have i mentioned how much i love life?
is looking forward to the 20 20 story on islam
is having one of those days   
made enough japchae and kimchi fried quinoa to feed ten people  guess i know what i'll be eating all week   playful 
"just had a \duh\"" moment   i've found my niche!!!!"""
seward street slides and ike's   oh big kids perfection!
loves san francisco   blue angels =  love 
"there are times in life when you have the option to hold back or go for it full force   it might be easier to hold back, but it's a lot more fun when you cross the line and go for it!"
is too sensitive
loves how helpful people are  smile 
"dear <propfemale> gilbert   how is it you managed to ruin travel to italy for me? thanks to you i get advice from \e playful eriential\"" travel communities pointing me to your advice to go to horrid tourist traps"""
was just reminded how much i love <propmale> and academic earth  love 
has lived a pretty hedonistic life   time to scale back?
it takes a gaggle of gushing <propfemale> moms for me to realize the giants'pitcher just opened the door for me and my stroller at starbucks
knowing there's a philz coffee on <propfirst> ness is enough to make me walk instead of ride muni
who knew i was such a perfectionist
love the rain on a sleepless night
i love my friends 
what a strange journey
nobody said doing something different would be easy nor did they say it wouldn't get lonely   at least i'll be in italy friday   smile 
"is all packed up   watch out italy and morocco, i'm heading back for round two with both  smile "
rainy day in <propfemale>
waiting for my last flight before home  smile 
is getting a second and third opinion 
is back in cali just in time for the holiday!
needs to start taking my writing seriously
"prepping for tonight's made from scratch dinner for 9   on the menu: fried gnocchi drizzled with broccoli-gorganzola sauce, pizzaiola meat, torta di patate, and tiramisu"
"sunshine, sushi, sapporo, and no crowds   this is how christmas shopping should always be   laugh "
just found an award from one of my first writing competitions from 1994   looks like all i ever wanted to be was a writer   sad 
don't try to bluff with my shanghai trained negotiation skills 
best holiday surprise!!!
my new office is going to make me fat
"dear 2011, i'm going to use you to finally be smart about my money   love tiffie"
"as you start your journey, the first thing you should do is throw away that store-bought map and begin to draw your own "
"on tonight's menu: japchae with quinoa and tempeh, carrot <propfemale> lentil soup with a dash of coconut and curry, and assorted italian cheeses paired with medjool dates   all washed down with a french table wine   who says healthy doesn't have to mean delicious"
was happy to use what little italian i knew while ordering my coffee this morning   
"for a city full of restaurants, there's nothing i want   "
"portland, vancouver, or park city?"
????
camera and laptop shopping
"i was diving in egypt this time last year, hanging out in morocco two years ago, heading to el bulli in spain three years ago, and working in shanghai four  years ago   man, this is my first year in san <propfirst> in years for march!"
"dear my first dslr, now that i've finally upgraded from a pas, i can't wait for you to arrive for me to play with  love "
should i finally make the switch to a macbook pro?
why is this the first time i've heard about open-jaw travel   and why does it still confuse me?
