c9f987049a408ca066ab5d2815e0e981
trying to <propfemale> on to what i had while reaching for what i could have  if im not carefull i could loose it all      i hope my clutzy self doesnt trip    
i hate crazy bitches that cant except reality!!
"what would you do if the ground beneth your feet was disapearing?? would you fight to stay up, or would you except that you were going to fall??"
can you ever truly trust someone? even if if you try your hardest to not over think things? will i ever truly know???
i want to trust him     its hard  is he really telling me the truth??
so how has everyone been sense graduation??? answers below!!!
"when you think that you have controll of your life everything seems to shift beneath your feet, leaving you feeling like you will never be able to stand again       ya, thats where i am "
im done     next!!!!
i think im done     next!!!
"when you loose somthing, greiving comes with it normally  why is it that i am not? the world looks so much better and brighter!! i have my closure     sort of "
sometimes the world is a scary place to walk though alone    but you have to tough it out and just do it  soon you will relize that it's not as bad as you thought it would be 
i'm coming home in august!!!! be ready to party!!!
ok    the date has changed but im still coming out damn it!!! aug 20th-sept 1st!!! two weeks of trees!!! i can't wait!!!
overly excited!!!! both my bosses are going to let me take two weeks off!!! so i will be out august 20th around noon!!!!! yay!!!!
feeling good      great day!!! cant sleep!!!! what to do   what to do???
"found an awesome new rpg, wowc style game      age of conan!!! super realistic, and pretty fun!!!! check it out!!!!"
"most people see me as heartless, i wish i was    then it would never shatter        "
if i could turn back time i would do it all over again        that is what scares me to death 
didnt loose my job    but i am <propfemale>ing out with some friends that i dont get to <propfemale> with that often!!! yay!!!
hanging with friends!!! yay!!
excited at the prospect of happiness    
life is good for now   
somethings are better left unsaid; although there are other things that should be shouted from the peak of everest its self     
"things always seem to get better and better, although it is just that      seems "
i love it when i get to talk to old friends!!
"what to do    what to do?? im having a scruples issue     i know somthing i shouldn't, i need to tell, but i dont want to loose a friend  if i tell i will loose my friend, if i don't i may loose much more     any suggestions??"
"i know whats good for me, yet i wish that what is not was       why did things have to turn out the way that they did? why does anything turn out the way they do?"
have you ever had anything that you wanted so badly that you would fight off anything and anyone for? i would    
"why are things complicated, why dont people just do what they want to do??"
"i got fired for the first time! it kinda sucks, but at least i have another one      but what to do with all the extra time??"
so what has everyone been up to since high school??
is it possible to leave someone behind when they are still next to you?
"complication is a fact of life, but why does it have to be?? why is it that people have to pretend to be somthing that they are not, and act like they do not????? i am sick of men  "
im coming home to holton    for good  yup i get to leave the desert for good!!!
i will be in holton soon!! anyone up for a party?
"i cant wait to get home, and be away from him  i really need to clear my head     "
i feel alot better today    things seem like they happened so long ago  im still mad that im being called a liar     but the truth is still the truth 
"im still mad    but i dont think that i will get over that too quickly  after what he did to me it will\ be hard to trust again "
things are looking up  i feel alot better  this is all a e playful erience that i will learn from and become that much more stronger  the anger will still be here for awhile though    
"im coming home on october 12th or so i sould be there!! yay!!! goodbye dead, dried up town in the desert!"
we leave this wensday for michigan! yay! seems like so far away though   
be back in holton tomorrow!! yay!!
i will be home today!! bout 359 <propmale> to go!!
haha ill be back in holton within a few hours!!! yay!!
haha im home! hopefully i will see everyone soon!
"damn it!!!my phone has no servce!!! forgot all about lack of service here     but its okay, im just happy to be home!"
been back three or four days     still happy to be home  ran into some old friends and made new ones at the bar 
ahhhh im board!! any sugestions??
at fichers in holton!! come play pool w me!
"im board!!! think maybe ill play pool later, and have a few beers while im at it too! yay for beer!!!"
playin pool at the bar in holton     someone come play pool w us  i keep beating her  i need a challenge
"its funny sometimes how things work out     you think that there can not be anything better than what you have, then once you loose it and look back with hindsight you see it wasnt really that great "
"got a new bf    i kinda like him lol  ok shhh i really like him, at leat today lmfao"
"had a very interesting last few days    got a new boy friend, got sloshed and threw up, bummed around the mall for awhile      joyful  life is good "
"a few good friends are all that you can ask for from life, fortunetly i have some really good friends   joyful  but winning the lotto would still be nice too "
"live life to the fullest, love like there is no tomorrow, and dance like no one is watching "
just started my new job today    the only draw back is mandatory saturdays for the next few weeks 
<propfemale> christmas!!!!  from the bottom of my little frost encased heart  joyful 
did everyone have a good christmas? http annoyed  yearbook com a vshms?ref=nf
ugggggggg im board! any suggestions? http annoyed  yearbook com a vwcbp?ref=nf
help me donate to causes  joyful  buy my pics http annoyed  yearbook com a vwj27?ref=nf
just got home from the vets     nothing they can do for my dog  t_t       but she wil    http annoyed  yearbook com a vx30k?ref=nf
soooo sleepy     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  good night and sweet dreams all my myb friend    http annoyed  yearbook com a w2jj7?ref=nf
once again exausted from another day of work     i need to find myself a <propmale> old guy    http annoyed  yearbook com a w7a74?ref=nf
"grrrrrr    i have to get up at 4am  goin to bed now \\ good night all myb peoples        http annoyed  yearbook com a w7ciy?ref=nf"
beer pong!!!! anyone else want to play???
grrrrrrrr!!!!! i really wanted to play beer pong tonight    but i cant find my <propfemale> p    http annoyed  yearbook com a werlk?ref=nf
yay!!!! got <propfemale> pong balls!!!!!!! beer pong!!!!!!! laugh  http annoyed  yearbook com a wfdal?ref=nf
"if you found out there was no afterlife, would that change the way you live your life? http annoyed  yearbook com answer this wfgnl?ref=nf&30"
im sooooo board    any ideas what i can do to pass some time??
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is full of crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if they were months apart  they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least    one   true friend  they will know who they are  wink  happy new year!!"
im going to bed soon    good night facebook peoples !!!!!!
ask me questions please  joyful  http annoyed  yearbook com a wsh8o?ref=nf
**face-palm** what have i done this time     
"if i was taking over the world, would you join me or would you join the uprising agin    http annoyed  yearbook com a wt1sy?ref=nf"
goin to bed    good night facebook friends!
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal     olny 55% of plepoe can!!"
"the temp service that i have been goin through called me in because they found a job for me      well i get there take the drug test, find out the details, ect    \well i almost get back home, and they call and tell me that im not needed after all \\wtf!!!! i drove 25 <propmale> both ways just to be told that im not really needed????"
"looking back on the way things turned out i would not have changed a thing, but maybe there is a way to turn around  so that i may walk through the memory once again, and look at it through eyes with better perspective "
i took a trip to yester-land      decided that i didnt like what i saw  things have to change soon     i need a break
it is said the the some of the best thing in life are the simplest  why is it that those things that should be so simplistic turn out to be some of the most complicated?
im sooooo bored!!!!! seems like im waiting for somthing exciting to happen    
"is i possible to have someone that your not dating break up with you??? its the second time this happened     wow, where was i when this decision was made???\maybe i should pay more attention    lmao   laugh "
lmao    i just checked my myspace for the first time in forever  playful  wow      facebook is soooo much better!
i've heard that apple has scrapped their plans for the new children's-oriented ipod after realizing that itouch kids is not a good product name 
"here are some more politically incorret ones for ya\\in a local sports bar trivia quiz the other night, i lost by one point  the question was, where do women mostly have curly hair? apparently, its africa \\just put a deposit down on a brand new <propfemale> and mentioned it on facebook  i said \i cant wait for the new 911 to arrive!\"" next thing i know 4000 muslims have added me as a friend """
 laugh  im happy!!!!
 joyful  im in a great mood    again  go figure lol
"grrrrrr!!!! my sister is being a bitch     yet again  \\guess asking for five minuites of quiet after spending all day in a loud ass shop is to much to ask for    "
gaaahhh bored as hell    y is it everyone seems to think that they need to sleep??  playful 
had fun tonight     hope to do it again soon  joyful 
"got pulled over again     maybe i should think about getting a new tail light  lol  no ticket, but i really dont want to try a third time though     "
"uggggh    im not even supposed to be awake yet  cant go back to sleep though, and im bored  sad "
i have no clue how to change my status     its been awhile since i needed to  lol  can someone tell me how to do it please? wow i feel dumb for even asking
"ugggh    my body hurts  idk y, lol  i cant wait to go back to work"
im the happiest person in all of facebook land!!!!!
going out with the bf bestie and sis         smile  this should be fun!!!!!!
