e16249f3c1327272cf3a3cc159f3a5d1
"tonight at midnight, everyone that knows or has any connection to the rev, take a shot of any kind of drink you got in honor of <propfirst> \the rev\"" <propmale> sullivan  may he rest on peace  miss you rev"""
happy new year everyone 
someone ain't gonna be happy
geesh this report card kinda sucked  but i made it to sr  year baby
sooooooo tired
burnt  i look like <propmale>!
so i stripped  my hair back to its original color that i have during the winter  yay me 
"i went to the midnight showing of new <propfemale>  i have to say the 2 and a half hours of sleep i got was so worth watching the movie  i'm \team edward \"" but during the movie i was so \""team <propmale> \"" so to say  new <propfemale> was defiantly a great movie  and <propmale> was half naked good half the movie  i can die happy now  peace out girl scouts """
work 11-5  blah! screw fucker basket
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s si?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
so bored
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!
happy new years people!!!!
actually cleaned my room    going to gramz's for 3 with ash    its been a good start to the new year!
bored in 5th period!!!!!! amuse me!!!!
my shoulder is hurting  but the pain is worth it  new tattoo hoe!
so once again im blowing off my school work to torture things all over the world  so bored!!!!!
bored  making <propfirst> do all the work today 
"finished all my english work  bored now  entertain me!!!!!  oh yeah, kill <propfirst> the little prick!"
"working on like 5 different things  1) my project for duffy's  just messaged the website to see if they could answer some of my questions before next week  2)writing a story that i really enjoy writing  3)trying to not be bored  4)listening to music  gotta love the music and 5) smoking a cigarette  yes that is work  you have to pay attention or you burn something  \what did we learn today people? absolutely nothing!\"""""
tired!!! deprived of sleep!!!
"i have a question for cafe world , once we claim the dis off the wall i open another tab and keep going then i go back do i have to hit the claim your reward button again to accept the gift?"
"my mom  posted this for my <propfemale> if roses grow in heaven,lord please pick a bunch for me, place them in my mother's arms and tell her they're from me tell her i love her and miss her,and when she turns to smile,place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for awhile  because remembering her is easy,i do it every day but there's an ache within my heart that will never go away i miss and love you mom happy mother's day "
nighte gang be back in the morning
2 days left till graduation  rehearsals again tomorrow  awards went great  got 2!! one for english and one for shop  i got tools!!!! watch out!
graduated!!!!
two things to say    omg avenged sevenfold!!!! and the second  i'm bored out of my mind!
okay so whee is this epic love story and machines in cafe world i can't find it 
"best new rock album of 2010 annoyed  http annoyed  chatter com answer this insud?ref=nf&9a"
bored     long day again tomorrow  life's screwie like that  http annoyed  chatter com a itwg2?ref=nf
cw???????? does anyone else have problems getting the specialty items you earned or paid for mine have question marks on them but only certain ones i can't get my catering tent out it wont stick to the ground  what is that???????????
i cant get my earned catering tent out all my specialty items have question marks on them        help
bored outta my mind   save me? http annoyed  chatter com a jx5cv?ref=nf
new tat  going to bed  pce out girl scouts http annoyed  chatter com a k7wyc?ref=nf
ok so i'm deff going to bed now  hit up the cell if u need me  nite nite
beds calling my name pce out girl scouts
"who should i torture tonight? im bored, and want to scare people tonight  talk about another normal hyper evening huh?"
"now first of all i'm the boss\\i just wanna get that across\\so true! ash you know what i mean  insane i know  you'll live"
"how do i live without the ones i love?\\time still turns the pages of the book it's burned \\place and time always on my mind \\i have so much to say but you're so far away "
"interesting fact about october 2010:this october has 5 fridays,5 saturdays,and 5 sundays,all in 1 month it happens once in 823 years these are money bags paste this as your status and money will appear in 4 days based on chinese fengshui,whoever stops this e playful erience    none "
grizzly bear time  rawr
it's bed time!!!!!!! got class than work tomorrow  blah
not paying attenchion in class  fucking hate english 100  save me 
watchin tv
"wow one of my neighbors reached level 1,477 that is incredible  cw congrads  <propfirst> tan"
"hi cafe friends that are helping me redo an orders: i am just about finished thanks to all of you that helped, just a few more <propmale> bones and it is done, you should get another bonus when finished, please if you need help in the future please send a note on what you need, remember no note no help cost me 3 stars and a redo!!!!!"
thanks everyone that help me in my cafe thank you thank you thank you
hey cw friends  i will not be starting my new mission until friday i like waiting till the weekend so if you sent a request i do apologize for not helping right away 
hey cw friends  i will not be starting my new mission until friday i like waiting till the weekend so if you sent a request i do apologize for not helping right away 
class=annoying but getting out early  thank leominster schools and therr half day
causing loads of trouble  hehehehehe =p
mad tired  going to see gramz soon  today is gonna be a good day    
at leominster hospital  so much fun! gotta love sarcasem
spinning in circles bored waiting 4 class to start
math teacher is awesome!! this is gonna be a good class
cw friends i am helping with corporate lunch if anyone needs help send request again corporate lunch only
i is at gramz's having fun  ash and her roommate jewls is here too  its a good halloween  happy halloween!!!!
shoot me  this class sucks man
owie to the tenth power  oh well it was well worth it  hopefully i'll be saying that in the next couple of days  smile 
class till 11 smile 0  work till 5  training till 9ish  gotta find time to do homework  and get my english books  gonna be a loooong day  good news i've yet to smoke a ciggerate!
"thank you to everyone who took time to wish me well today on my birthday, thank you "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  they make me feel specil  smile 
cw friends i won't be starting my new catering job until thursday i will <propfemale> on to your help request until then and see if you still need helpabout an
cw friends i won't be starting my new catering job until thursday i will <propfemale> on to your help request until then and see if you still need helpabout an
cw friends i won't be starting my new catering job until thursday i will <propfemale> on to your help request until then and see if you still need help
cw friends if you need my help on the catering job i am taking help request now so send one if you like
work sucks  15 minutes left of this place  ash is home so it should be a fun night 
fool me once shame on you 
cw cw  just wanted to give a shout out that i am helping a friend do the banquet if you need to do it or re do it send me a request for help i now have on radish cakes
cw cw cw-i am now helping on sunday brunch if you need help please send a request 
cw cw cw-i am now helping on sunday brunch if you need help please send a request 
cw cw cw-i am now helping on sunday brunch if you need help please send a request 
cw cw cw-i am now helping on sunday brunch if you need help please send a request 
"cw cw neighbors i won't be starting the new catering job just yet, i am helping on the bbq and should be finished soon, thanks for the request you have sent "
"cw cw neighbors i won't be starting the new catering job just yet, i am helping on the bbq and should be finished soon, thanks for the request you have sent "
"cw cw neighbors i won't be starting the new catering job just yet, i am helping on the bbq and should be finished soon, thanks for the request you have sent "
"sweet girls come from the south, barbies come from ca, but new england girlshave fire & ice in our blood  we can drive in the snow, handle the cold, tan at the beach, be a <propfemale>, throw right hooks, drink with the boys  we ? the pats, red sox, celtics & bruins  we can cook a wicked good meal and if we have an opinion, you can bet your @$$ you're gonna hear it! re-post if you're a new england girl!"
"i just had my computer fixed remotely from :  remedy tecnnology services344 main street,fitchburg, <propfemale>, 01420,united statesphone :             +1 978-424-4979"
cleaning bathrooms and break room  shoot me!
dear god i'm defiantly leavin early  hitler is butchering math!
2 and a half hours left of work  bonuses came in  i'm pretty sure in getting like $6   smile 
class time homie!! so hyper  i'll probably crash soon than       it's nap time! wahoooo
<propmale> the builder an he fix it <propmale> the builder yes he can  making a play  it's very random 
work till 5 than i'm going home and going to bed! after i make something to eat of course 
<propfemale> if you get this call me at school
sparing with ash  damn!
"to all my facebook friends !!! will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to honor a fallen <propfemale> who's just passed away while serving our country? cpl  <propmale> <propmale> (usmc) died dec 6 while serving in afghanistan  he leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor, who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death  repost to honor this hero and his family "
home sick  still going to work though 
"classes, cleaning, work  i'm stayin home 2nite!"
so i work with a bunch of idiots     but i gotta live them 55 minutes left till freedom!
apparently were off to go get ice cream      it's like 20 degrees outside  plus to all this made a new friend 
<propfemale> <propfirst> hypnotizes people into liking her music  why am i still letting these ppl torture me wit it!
car got a flat     again! waiting on triple a with <propfemale>  this has got to be a crazy nite!
home!!!!!!
on my way to get ash from college wit <propfirst> and <propmale>   made <propfirst> drive 
chilling  rawr
on the couch sick as a dog  i hate <propfirst> right about now 
so i is feelin better except i fucked my wrist up really bad 
chillng hit me up http annoyed  yearbook com a xjy5s?ref=nf
i want pizza http annoyed  yearbook com a xkea6?ref=nf
work till 4  yay        not! http annoyed  yearbook com a xmizn?ref=nf
chilling  bored outta my mind  screwing with new webcam  http annoyed  yearbook com a xnn4f?ref=nf
bored http annoyed  yearbook com a xnwqz?ref=nf
