da373fd56acfa253376f290182088782
"dude finals are coming up, and i really hope i don't fail"
booyah! saints owned at superbowl!  laugh  (this goes out to all the payton manning fans out there)
i just got back from camp rilea  smile 
i really really hate school
me and devyn are officially broken up 
"god, sometimes i get so fed up with all the drama, backbiting, and carrying on that creates a moving inedscapable sea around me  why can't people just do what they say and say what they mean?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!"
"i hate tuesdays, bad things always freakin happen to me on tuesdays!"
"yeah, it spring break!  laugh "
"ugh, i'm such a hypocrite  sad "
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
psychosematic! psychosematic! psychosematic! i wish i knew what it meant   
bleh! i hate this  sad 
"i'm an emotionless husk of hypocritical, unfeeling slime   a complete and utter failure   and no matter what i end up doing, it won't make a bit of a difference, and i have less than a <propmale> in hell of changing that, what could have possibly possessed me to think someone else would respect something like that and actually care about it   "
"ugh, i hate weekdays   except thursday, glad that the week is over!"
i swear that i'm going insane
"i hate everything, who can actually say that and mean it, but when you think you're a normal stable person, and you find out you're wrong, you start to find out some startling things about yourself, like how i found out that i hate everything, and despise everyone, i guess that makes me a selfish jerk, how rude of me "
i hate this 
"why do people take it upon themselves to snub and squash each other, it's a pointless, evil thing to do   humans are rude, cruel little creatures, i'm gonna keep trying to be polite and not judge people   "
"god, today was the first wednesday i've enjoyed in a long time! whoooooooo!!!!!! freakin awesome!  laugh "
"a good reputation is worth more than gold? i'd have to agree, but when people take it into their minds to wreck, it sure takes forever to make people see who you really are "
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalaalalalalalalalalalalalallalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalaalalalalalallalalalalaalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!peanuts
"this is the first good tuesday of my life!!!!!! and to top it all off, i got my phone back and i got my computer fixed!!!!!!"
"for everyone who doesn't know, that friends e playful ose dapp is sending things that i didn't allow or do"
"well, <propfemale> is sure hitting me hard for having a good tuesday, this weeks gonna be tough, but at least i've had alot of fortunate things happen to dampen my usually deppressively pessimistic self  smile "
"first wolves, now dragonflies, soon the moles'll be here, gotta stop them before they take even more of the cupcakes   "
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalal     lalalalala   ?
"ugh, i'm so confused right now, it's like i'm freakin floating outside of my body man, this is weird"
"just got back from watching avatar again with some friends, and kat, why weren't you there?"
i'm so bored right now
"i'm on a ccr roll guys, they're like the only band i've been listening to recently  laugh "
i do so enjoy screwing with people  laugh 
"i'm in that weird dead like mood when you want to do something, but you don't know what it is   "
i've been acting so rude today
god! this is so freaking insane!
"i'm such a freakin idiot sometimes, i'm just freakin tired of dealing with all this drama!"
i'm anxious for this week of suckiness to end
augh!
i wish i had something to do   
"guess what people! i'm in a good mood!\enjoy it while you can  -_-"
"woke last night to the sound a' thunda'\how far off, i sat an' wonda'd\startin hummin a song from 1962\ain't it funny how the night moves\when you just don't seem to have as much to lose   \strange how the night moves   "
i love the song i'm listening to
ugh   
"blech! rascal flatts, you suck, <propmale> cochrane's the only one who ever made life is a highway sound any good "
"church was ok today, a bit more boring than i thought it would be, but it was ok   "
"haha, \ihr narren! ich werde dich vernichten!  laugh "
"niemand\ kann mich stoppen! ich will essen alle \ihre zimtrollen"
"und \<propfemale> werde ich ein zufälliges wort nach meinem kommentar zu posten!"
"haha, if you guys find out what all my foreign language post say, write it in the comments  laugh "
"congragulations! it's mixed emotions and random violence week! tell all of your insane multiple personalities about it! have a party, but don't kill anyone i know   "
"wow, i was really depressed today, but after bossing around some basic drill and march yuppies, i feel much better!  laugh "
"walking in my dreams, the colored glass imitates my thoughts, \the chasing forgetful game, isn't what it seems,\something has changed the room, things are no longer the same,\something comes out of the shadow of <propfemale>, a dark shape carries my doom,"
"haha, i was in an evil villian mood today! > laugh "
"i'ma hummin a lil' ditty in meh head, doo da <propfirst> da doo <propfirst><propfirst> doo!  laugh "
"well i woke up friday mornin, with no way to hold my head, that didn't hurt, and the s*** that i called my breakfast, wasn't bad, so i had some more, for my dessert, then i stumbled to my closet, through my clothes and found my cleanest, dirty shirt, then tumbled down the stairs, and walked on out the door, to meet the day   \haha, i dare someone to name the song the i just made a parody of!!!!  laugh "
"isn't it just awesome when ou find something or someone that makes you so happy you just wanna stare at the sky and hum to yourself and eat some bagels dipped in <propfemale> milk, yum  playful "
"haha, movies at 9 surprise 0, sweetness  laugh "
"well   this was a crappy weekend, shoulda known that <propfemale> would bite me in the ass, good things don't happen to those who don't deserve it sometimes  i guess i'm just one of those people who gets what they deserve   "
"i just burned a whole bunch of ccr songs onto my ipod, i'm so excited, \playin in a travellin band! yeah i'm playin in a travellin band!!!\"" whoot!!!!!  laugh """
"i sat throught that entire spring program for nothing, waste of an evening "
"hmm   i wish i had a car, i'd get a huge truck "
"i'm sittin here a wishin, that i had somethin <propfemale> do, but maybe things are gonna get better soon, fingers crossed  smile "
i'm   bored   
"oh what is more decietful than young love, what is more euphoric, painful, short and wonderful, to take two innocents, so gullible, and make them love without a care, then take it away, be woeful, love is a cleverly set snare "
my computer's fan is freakin broken!!!!
"my computer's fan is broken, so this is the first time ive online in 6 weeks!"
lalalala <propmale>'s world!  laugh 
my computer is finally fixed after 12 weeks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone know the name of that song?
i finally got a new computer and internet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"you know, some people might think i'm morbidly insane and bipolar, but i don't care i enjoy <propmale> <propmale>'s movies, and grimm <propfemale> tales (the real ones with the horrible endings that teach useful lessons) and sometimes i wish i was able to juggle fireballs and not despise shiny vampires, buuuuut i just can't take the <propfirst> beiber fans seriously "
"who here agrees that getting your computer fixed after going four or five months being technologically celibate and that selfish dramatic crybabies are annoying say 'aye'! and then go try macaroni burritos if you are already eating one and while you're at it, listen to something you've never listened to before, like the eagles or a classic band you haven't listened to before and give it a <propmale> because remember    "
"damn i forgot, rant rant rant etc  and how about i don't supersize that for you ma'am   or uh   sir?\time for dancin  laugh  (they don't have a demented emoticon, so this will suffice)\%p"
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalawait! oh my goodness   the mice have invaded again   
"you know those people you think you could be great friends with because they're fun to be around, but you just don't talk to them much, why is it so hard to just go and talk to people sometimes   hmm   "
pandora radio rocks!
"get your motor runnin, head out on the high way, lookin for adventure, and whatever comes our way   born to be wiiiiiiiiild!!!!!!\let it rain down on me steppenwolf, i'm just in that mood"
"man   i hate randomly posting things no one will ever read, but i'm really bored   "
"1: say what you've learned about me while looking at your wall for 13 seconds\2: say what color i remind you of \3: say your first memory of me\4: say what animal i remind you of\5: ask me something you've always wondered about me\6: say your favorite thing about me\7: give me a weird nickname\8:tell me what's on my shirt right now\9: give yourself a challenge to post this as your status\(revised)"
"just got back from scream at the beach, wasn't that scary, but i liked how creative they were, i actually scared two of the people working there  laugh "
i'm-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma gonna hit you in the face with a happy hammer  laugh 
"i got a fohawk yesterday, most everyone seemed to think it is an improvement, except for <propmale>, but he sucks and said that to spite me, so yay! new look for this quarter   now if only i could find where i left my favorite sock   "
"isn't it funny how this thing always has the same question on it, \what's on your mind?\""\",da373fd56acfa253376f290182088782,"our squirrel just died, and his body is in rigamortis, i just went to feed him and he was dead  sad "
"i buried the squirrel tonight, it's kind of disconcerting to shovel dirt on the stiff little body of something that big, he had gotten pretty fat living with us, but he's burried in the <propmale> now   "
"just got home from illinois,\locked the front door, oh boy!\got to sit down, take a rest on the porch,\immagination sets in, pretty soon i'm thinking,\doo doo doo lookin out my back door!"
"they need to have a \really dislike\"" button to go with the whole \""like\"" thing"""
"uh~!\i love good music, but sometimesnot everyone agrees with your veiws of what's \good\""\",da373fd56acfa253376f290182088782,"peace out my pumpernickle flavored lilypad sandwiches, i'm sleeeeeeepy   "
"ok, seriously, how many people think i'm crazy? if you have something to contribute, comment, so i can argue with you and find some devilish weakness of yours i can e playful loit when i turn you into a mindless zombie slave and use you to take over the world, rant rant rant etc "
don't you love it when a song just finds that spot inside you where you have to dance? when it has the perfect funky beat and you feel like busting it old school! oh yeah!
damn  i really hate almost being able to hate someone that i really want to hate and despise for no good reason other than that they have something they don't deserve that i sometimes wish i had   matbe i shouldn't post this   maybe i should stop talking to myself through the keyboard and just have a verbal self argument about morals and whether hate or extreme displeasure is an appropriate response in that situation
"fall fest was awesome, me and <propfirst> had a good time  smile "
"man! i hate this! i hate when it's late at night, you don't want to sleep, you have no one to talk to, but you feel all   empty and bored, like there's something you need to do, but you just end up on facebook  sad "
i love the eagles!
"damn, relationships are complicated   i'll never understand why we make them even more complicated when we don't have to   "
"for all of you nazi zombie players out there, i recently saw the preview for cod 6 nazi zombies, and oh my god is it funny, even if you don't play, it's totally hilarious!  laugh "
so freakin bored
"wow   i never noticed it before, but they were right, alot of country music is sad   but it's the good type of sad that makes you think about your life and learn about yourself, not slip into a depressive state of feeling sorry for yourself like all that punk emo music"
"yay! <propmale> and jd got back together! i've been waiting for that to happen for weeks! yes, i'm a scrubs fan and i want the dvd box set  don't judge me!"
i wish i had some better profile pics
"ugh, i hate it when there's only one thing you want to do, and you can't "
"if i've ever made you feel good about yourself, please comment and tell me how  and likewise, if i've ever out you down, comment  i want to see if i really have been as much of a jerk as i've been led to believe  smile "
"ugh, i'm such a horrible communicator  i understand people easy, and i can read most people like a book  but i suck at communicating what i'm thinking"
"i hate lol! i hate loling! i hate lolers  i hate the whole lolering system! i propose we ban lol from our schools, our cell phones, our facebook pages! listen to me people! together! we can stop this   lolorist attack that has destroyed our nation!"
"the rest of my life  oh wait, that's wasn't really a question was it? no, it was the damn thing you put to elicit a response from the billions of drones you've sucked into your evil mad house that spawns anti-social diseases   how did i turn into a drooling facebook zombie? never get your hopes up for something that has a less than 60% rate of success  and for clarification, that's everything!"
"yay! i'm happy!  laugh \here's a list of words i hate \1  hyper\2  lol\3  epic\4  sorry\5  omg\5  omgloljk\6  rofl\7  roflol\8  omgroflmao\9  every text lingo thing other than ttyl btw, because they are actually useful\10  love, because no one who says it on a regular basis actually means it, or even knows what it means\\*words <propfemale> hates*\1  every swear word"
"wow! my mom is a great cook, we had thanksgiving early this year cause my mom works all week, and man! that was delicious  playful  \i really want to take a nap  smile "
"emotions are slippery illogical things  no matter how justified you feel about them, it seems as though admitting to them only makes your life worse"
"i'm bored and lonely  sad \here's a list of things i love annoyed 1  good music\2  an cold autumn day with a warm wind and cool rain\3  my doggie\4  my family\5  and understanding god who cares\6  a good book\7  *classified*\8  smart people who aren't as obnoxious as me  smile \9  nightmares dreams"
"want to make a positive change in your life? want to be successful, have more friends, or build better relationships? you might want to try digging your head out from between    *cuts to static* just stop being so self-absorbed and focused so selfishly on your emotions!!!! > sad "
wow  the whole \change your profile pic to a cartoon character really went around fast!\,da373fd56acfa253376f290182088782,"message me a number, and i'll tell you what i think of you, i promise i won't be mean > laugh  (seriously though, i doubt there's anything seriously bad about any of you)"
"9957  you have always been a mixed source of enjoyment, worry, and minor disappointment   but you have also been a great friend, and i'm glad i was able to be there with you through the worst of times and the fun ones, and to see you make changes in your life and to learn from your mistakes, makes me proud of you, and i hope you go on to do great things, just remember that i'll be praying for you  smile "
"24  you are so fun to be around, i wish that we could hangout and stuff  smile \you have such a fun, fiery spark, but you've made bad choices in your life, i don't pretend to know them, and i don't judge you for them, cause no amount of mistakes can make who you are any less special  smile \just remember that someone cares for you and wants you to succeed in life  smile "
"1046 2\you have a keen intellect  you are one of the few people who understands what i'm talking about pretty much all the time, although i do think you need to have more confidence in yourself as a person, and not just in your abilities  you could also stand to take a break and have fun more often  but all in all you're a good guy \keep it up dude, but maybe lighten up a bit too  wink "
"just got back from church, wasn't that bad  smile "
ugh   japanese giant hornets   freaking scary!
"i think i really want to get in shape by this summer, of course, very few, if any people will read this, much less care  i don't mind, i know all of you simply come on here out of habit, addiction, boredom or   some sinister conspiratorially insane motive   \*shifts eyes back and forth*"
"somethin about funk   just makes me wanna   bust a move!\i swear i should have grown up in the 70's"
"jst got back from the caa talent show, i ate so many coconut cookies and i think i had about 5 sodas  good to see everyone again though  smile "
"ugh, i've been sick for the past two or three days, i can't remember  first time i've ever had headaches, much less chronic headaches, and i'm pretty sure i was hallucinating the other night  oh well, not a big concern for anyone and it was pointless to post  i think i'd be seriously surprised if anyone actually checked my profile, seems pointless, you'd have to be bored out of your mind and suffering from dementia"
i'm going to disneyland 
yay! i'm back from disneyland! for the few of you who noticed i was gone  laugh 
"spring is coming, winter is ending  i just got back from a very good walk  next time it rains, everyone should take a walk and get a feel for that post-winter pre-spring air! smell that cool lingering feeling in the air and the bright new lives of the plants, everything smells starker in the rain  smile "
"i don't know what to do with myself  what are you supposed to do when something rocks your world and you don't know what to do about it, or if you should have done something a long time ago   "
"wehe denen, die liebe  das schicksal verschwört sich gegen die narren"
