f6bb81ee558361b6da1ebb523fe29fa9
"so, finally trying it out "
"i'm in a restless mood  i want to give a speech, to yell, to excite and be excited  i want to mobilize, to inspire! to rebel - no - to revolt!"
"gah   nutcases, they're everywhere "
boring saturday of boredom 
"its like   walls, ya know? fuck walls  like, where is everybody? i don't know, there's a wall there "
let's pretend we didn't see that 
"sometimes i wish the universe would just ball it up and take a shot at me, this guerilla bullshit is getting old "
unimaginably bad things occur when people are allowed to overestimate their own importance 
i thought you might say that 
hot weather fails a sad and lonely failure 
"   because if there happened to be a reason, i wouldn't mind, i doubt anyone would, but instead all we have is some vague idea and the echos of each other's ramblings   "
locked my keys in the car so i took my three-ball flail to the window to get to work on time
looks like its going to be one of those 'easily agitated by the stupidity of the humans around me' days     deep breath    1   2   3   
so bored    send help    and booze
"   and besides that, who wouldn't love to know what people will say about us after we're dead? i think we'd all be surprised, and perhaps, disappointed "
i had a dream that i was barricaded in a house besieged by devil-worshipping cat-people 
you've gotta be kidding me  will we ever learn?
check the note
   
orwell told us the answer to that  he who controls the past controls the future and he who controls the present controls the past 
"must  not   quit job  deep breath  are my eyes still crossed? i learned today that no only can i talk to myself, but i can talk to myself and myself both at the same time  wait, what time is it, christmas, or halloween? or   wait no, that must be toyestermorrowday "
pray cast a spell do a dance or burn a goat  what ever it is you do but for the love of sanity someone make it rain on me 
"the more i think, the more i feel like another <propmale>  no, not that one, the other one  et tu, brute? my fault, i should have known the deal  what's next? the more i think, the more i let the illusion dissipate  the more i think, the more i realize this isn't the place for me anymore "
"this is poised to be a long, cold weekend "
oh god that was funny stuff  why am i so reluctant when its turning out well more often?
"and, <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>  ok, scratched  all ridiculousness aside, i feel like writing  and that's good, its been a while "
boring laundry day is boring 
"so i watched mallrats again earlier and laughed my head off   should i be ashamed? anyway, the important part is, i realized i've been looking at magic eye puzzles the wrong way for my entire life! next time you see one, try to cross your eyes a bit instead of look through it, its completely inverted!"
"there are no lousy jobs, just lousy people who don't wish to do them  repeat  repeat  repeat "
"peace? i hate the word, as i hate hell, all montagues, and thee  - ephemeral is a better word, well, maybe 'better' is the wrong word  inconsequential, nonetheless  even though, strife exists in a perceived form, so i guess i haven't convinced myself of this point to any great extent  that's too bad  remember, ice shatters just like glass "
"i'll let it be said in others' words  just go listen to your old drowning pool, sinner cd  \all over me \"""""
"alright then, the start of a new workweek, the start of a new day, the perfect time to shake it off, whatever it is  a time to remember that we are in charge of our selves, that we are responsible for our own happiness, a perfect opportunity for us to shape our lives as we would have them! remember, our goal is joy  so with a steady hand, my friends, with purposeful steps and focused eyes, -carpe diem!-"
"and you know what wickedness is, and shame, and fear  there were days\when you peered into yourself, into the secret places of your heart,\and what you saw there made you faint with horror "
"yes, we are criminals - murderers - all three of us  we're in hell, my pets; they never make mistakes, and people aren't damned for nothing "
"ungh, i hate it, being in an empty house  someone amuse me "
his name is <propfirst> paulson 
going to p-town tonight  should i be excited?
we're at <propfemale> dog  woot
life should not be too closely regulated or too methodical     there should be room for adventure 
conflict breeds resolution  no one stays in this valley by faking reality 
"<propmale> midas? no, something worse, something much worse  look at it, that's not gold, its entropy! something comes to mind, something about the road to hell   "
"how can we be certain that any decision in a chaotic system will produce the desired positive results?  damnable emotions, get thy beak from out my heart, and get thy form from off my door!"
my mind will choose where my eyes will focus  i will not be led by instinct or emotion 
"gah! the silence is deafening  no bother, ill just have to make more noise > smile "
"waiting on my turn, getting new ink, alea iacta est down my forearm "
i just want to stop feeling 
"ok, enough of that, haha  from this point ->forward, right? alea iacta est! let's see what we can do to make our situations into dreams, into fantasies! let's see what we can do to e playful erience joy!"
"remember what it means  this might be our most important holiday  remember that it is not the fourth of july, its independence day!"
i wonder if there is a word for this 
and it starts over 
the troooperrr!!!
going to make this a good one  let it begin!
"and doused the phoenix during its fledgeling emergence, but i will not let it stop my ascent  i will prevail "
from this point forward!
silly kids  you make me smile though 
oderint dum metuant  mwahaha!
snarl grumble 
"in and out of naps for hours  the dreams are sweet, and the associated press has never made me feel so guilty or warm  yes, i want to play pool "
"haha,  manifest, plumage! this is no time for a joke!"
im waiting on the punchline 
"the high reward for honor is cake  and we all know what the cake is, right?"
"looking forward to camping  weird, isnt it?"
"<propfemale> dog, then oklahoma bound!"
"watching other people fishing brings me just as much excitement as doing it myself  no, more, i guess, i am not asleep yet  the lake is ok, nature is cacophonic though  having fun "
"camping is over, back to tending matters at home  strange things have happened  looking forward to my next road trip "
"am i crazy, or does that smell really really bad?"
"seething is the word  cowardice and malevolence run rampant, but remember to be cautious when fighting monsters, lest you become one  right?"
bring me solo and the wookie!
"nemo me impune lacessit  on my honor, there will be blood "
"allowing myself one slip, one <propmale> to do what feels good, instead of the most practical solution  to give whats asked, to meet a challenge  to vent wrath instead of choking it off "
"courage is easy to display from a large distance away  apparently its harder when your appointment nears  no fight for me this weekend, at least not with this guy "
taking the high road  grumble 
"yeah, twist it, brother  its not ridiculous at all "
"summer is almost over  summer is almost over  summer is almost over    all we have to do is believe, right? hope?"
"a brand new day, and everything that entails "
"newspapers, pool tables, dreams    all the same sickening diversion, all the same tools of woe  and remember, it is all self-inflicted, haha "
"that was cold, <propfemale> mab  you should be ashamed of yourself "
"huh, bored already    sick or not, now im kinda wishing i had gone to work "
"headed to beaver for work  beaver, really? oh well, never know what's in store  this could be fun!"
"holy hell, im at the motel, and i forgot my blankets and towel back in borger "
"beaver's pizza hut is boring, but there is something interesting here  mwahahaha!"
its after three and i am neither sleepy nor drunk  hum 
the news wont sate what it doesnt know makes a villain of a head confused with blood and muscle in <propfemale> tales and dreams  you know?
<propfemale> mab and i are gonna throw down 
"haha, my whole life is an arg  no one gets every clue, though  there needs to be an incentive  ill wager every one of you thinks my babbling is nonsense  wink "
"you seem to be missing the point  i guess that's a good thing, points can be sharp  wouldn't want you to hurt yourself "
"you have had it wrong  its really \absinthe makes the heart grow fonder \"""""
"hum, profundity and simplicity  ah well, now i know why most people keep a social \circle\"" instead of the other thing """
sometimes i wish i could swallow it  to believe in its beauty  to be amazed  to feel wonder 
"\i take a strange pleasure from saying things    that i know i will later regret saying \"""""
one countdown after another 
"as it goes away so quickly, i wait e playful ectantly as it brings forth what others seem to want so badly  but its not what i want, and it cant make me forget  it cant make me happy "
"good mood, hoping for a good weekend  what's going on?"
"at ten 'till nine i looked at my window and noted the dim, mystical dark blue glow of the night sky  i smiled at the confirmation  winter is getting closer every day "
"a spark of the fire of life, the joy of existence, is back  i feel good today, powerful  in control  sound the alarms, this one's going to be a verifiable conflagration! carpe diem!"
"i have to go for a few sticks for the fire  first, i need to cast some stones, then ill need to pick up something sweet  when thats all over, we will see what happens next - hahahaaa!"
"with a fool no season spend, lest ye be counted has his friend   "
"the time to hesitate is through, no time to wallow in the mire  try now, we can only lose, and our love become a funeral pyre  come on, baby--"
"not forced, not faked, not weak  its almost foreign, this smile of mine  you should try it "
"wasnt there like, a jar or something, right here   like five minutes ago?"
"lets all go home early, i think we deserve a break "
"is that code, mr  garcin? the door is open, ya know "
"ooh, i feel like singing  or punching something  think i'll just have a cigarette "
"yeah, i am     very       ready       for      the       weekend "
"i take that back, i'm ready for something much bigger than the weekend "
"memento mori, friends  do something crazy, live your lives "
we can only truly begin to appreciate our lives once we fully understand their insignificance 
people talk about the dumbest shit at bars  how did these people even live to see drinking age?
"still no sleep, this week has been a wicked blast  but really, how did i end up in perryton?"
"awesome weekend so far, and it only halfway through  plus, i'm not even to the best part!"
"winding down, too bad  it was a joy, though, wasn't it?"
"make the best of the new week, friends  road less travelled and all of that  smile "
this place feels like a jail cell after such an exciting weekend  who turned on the suspense flick?
"ah, i do love to smile  i love having a reason to do so   heading to liberal in the morning, a month away will be interesting "
"oh, its been a long time, liberal my old friend  what surprises do you have stored for me?"
   but my words get in my waaaaaay    sigh 
"breathe it deep, loves  savor it "
"off work and bored, someone, lets go <propfemale> out  in liberal - hahahaha ah, sigh "
"burn, baby, burn "
"yesterday i killed a snake, today i saved a rabbit  tomorrow i'm hoping for a bear "
"26 hours without sleep so far   eight hours of work, then off for more fun, im aiming at 48  wink "
"i'd unravel every riddle for every individ'l in trouble, or in pain  my head i'd be scratchin' while my ideas were hatchin'   "
so the thought just hit me in <propmale>    i wonder what percentage of my paycheck has gone to monster energy and redbull for the last couple of weeks? haha
"so i have been giving country music another <propmale>  i have been open minded, but really, these guys are f'n morons  i was writing better lyrics in <propmale> high "
worker bees can leave even the drones can fly away the <propfemale> is their slave 
i miss you guys  this little hotel room is getting to be a lonely place  playful 
"hey, come do my laundry for me "
"we know smoking kills us, now shut the hell up about it "
you are not a beautiful and unique butterfly  you are the same decomposing compost as everything else  we are the all-singing all-dancing crap of the world 
"heading back to borger today  im going to miss the difference, but i'll be glad to be back home "
"ah, borger, it hasn't been long enough  i wonder what surprises you've cooked up for me in my absence   "
oh i do love the rain 
its all routines and chaos 
squarely set within the confines of eternity 
walking up the down escalator 
want in one hand   
no est ad astra mollis e terris via      i wonder if i spelled all of that correctly    oh well 
the shining <propfemale> of the shit-pile 
"the enormity escapes me, but the intensity confounds me "
"my mother has toiled and sacrificed for my siblings and i throughout our lives  every day i remember what she has gone through, appreciate what she has done, and hope that it only gets easier  there have been trials, but her love for her children has been the unwavering source of motive power for her, and inspiration to me  today is her birthday  have a great one mom  i love you "
"dude, fxck trains "
let only authorities be the victims of authority 
the play has been cancelled  fml 
"working in perryton  oh, the joy!  gag"
"perryton doesnt want to let go, almost died on the way out of town  back wheel broke off  awesome  now im on the road between waka and spearman  sad "
"oh yeah, leader of the pack  should i howl? i feel amazing today  got the world under my boots, carpe diem!"
"well constructed, but unstable  integrity that causes breakdowns  empathy that wants only apathy  feelings that cry out for anesthetics "
"egyahd! folgers tastes just as bad as i remember  ah well, its caffiene, and that makes it a holy substance  have a good day fellow coffeedrinkers  screw the rest of you   wink "
"i feel like singing, but i can't think of any words that fit the situation  im thinking something between the hokey-pokey and enjoy the silence "
"seriously, im sure that this level of boredom must cause at least like, cancer or something "
"so i saw that a local rock band needs a vocalist, i get excited  im at work so i get a friend to do the talking  everything looks great, except they already broke up  fail "
"wdidw? wwis2b? wisad, wyrm?"
midnight rodeo  you gotta be fuckin' kidding me 
"seriously, this bar is crap  i havent ever seen this many rednecks outside of a rodeo or a wal-mart "
fed my snake for the first time today  i think i might need therapy 
first halloween in a long time that i havent had anything to do  maybe i should stop being such an a-hole to people            nah 
que sera sera 
we dont need no water let the motha%#@&a burn   
"happy guy fawkes day, everyone! lets all perform our own little rebellions today, carpe diem!"
"we're too young to know better, but frailty comes with age  so, we run towards armageddon while our legs still have the strength "
"lesson learned too late #8: the classic underachiever motif, while very romantic in high school, gets really crappy around your mid-20's "
"well then, at least i dont feel bad anymore  happy, confident, meticulous, merciless   wink "
"idk why  sometimes it just overwhelms me how utterly retarded pascal's wager is  i guess it just haunts me that people actually use it as an arguement  stick to math, you idiot "
"what the hell? thunder and lightning all night long, i e playful ected everything to be drenched  not covered in snow   o o"
"it already is fading so quickly, and it made everything seem so pure  double the time, and it will be nothing but a bittersweet memory "
per mi se va ne la citta dolente   
"it is my will which chooses, and the choice of my will is the only edict i must respect "
"life is a treasure  its all we have, enjoy it  i love life "
i wonder what zebra jerky would taste like 
"thinking about going to see my dad, who i havent seen in like four years, while i am in perryton tonight  not sure though "
scratch that  in place i say: no est ad astra mollis et terris via 
"this started as a blissful day, but then things went awry  now theres just a flame of hate, and tears stinging my eyes "
people say im a troubled boy   just because i like to destroy   all the things that bring idiots joy    whats wrong with a little destruction?
"morals do not reside in actions, but in intents "
"a wonderful time with my siblings, mother, and beautiful girlfriend, all of whom i respect, admire, and love - very much  this is why we are alive  happy thanksgiving, everyone "
i have a cold  i am not happy about this  i intend to launch a full investigation 
my ferret died  sad 
"dear hip-hop,\    choke  and die \    respectfully,\                  -<propmale> <propmale> "
"may i have your attention, please? love  thank you, that is all "
"today makes me very, very sad that i dont have a computer anymore  sad "
"\numbers game\"" spam = fail """
like an amputee in a fistfight 
"\   no  i am saying that i want you to light a fire so damn big that the gods will notice us again!\"""""
despite all my rage   
"its sometimes difficult to pull off persona non grata status with a sense of dignity  i do a pretty darn good job of it, though, i think "
"\nothin' worse than a monster what thinks he's right with god \"""""
life is good 
i would rather you think me corrupt than have to think myself a hypocrite 
new self-imposed safety rule: no driving a real car for one half of an hour after playing <propfirst> kart wii 
"best things i heard at work yesterday annoyed \he's as dumb in the head as a hog is in the ass!\""\",f6bb81ee558361b6da1ebb523fe29fa9,you ever e playful erience those moments when you really really wish you had the mental power to make stuff burst into flames?
"\people who for whatever reason don't want to see the truth can be acutely hostile to it and shrill in their denunciation of it  they frequently turn their venomous antagonism on whoever dares point out that truth \"""""
"\he who willfully turns from the truth commits treason to himself \"" wr#10"""
working in perryton  smells like cow poo 
"im still working in perryton and  word is stuck in my head  much like a song, it keeps appearing, running through my head, and escaping my lips  the word? anathema "
"when did \safety\"" become synonymous with \""jackassery\""?"""
i am a hedgehog 
"working outside of farnsworth today, and i cannot help feeling a slight uneasiness  i dont know why, its not like there are evil chicken armies roving around out here   "
"i blew up the engine in my car on the way back from perryton today  yaaaaay \ wrist"
"remember, they cant beat you if you don't play according to their rules "
"someday, i am going to kick 4am's ass "
i want a job where i just be mean to people all day  sad 
"casablanca, check "
"when the hell did \inbox\"" become a verb?"""
"citizen kane, check "
"there is like, no place to eat on a sunday morning in borger  i swear, tc, if i find you before i find breakfast, i really am going to kick your ass "
"so, in recap: casablanca, 12 angry men, citizen kane, and all the president's men  any suggestions for what should be next?"
i love this cynics vs  romantics stuff 
"i am working in farnsworth, right, and i can't get over how much cooler this <propfemale> town would be with a huge statue of professor <propmale> farnsworth set up overlooking the rooftops "
what's better than coffee to wake you up in the morning? a 110mph rush down backroads to get to work on time 
i think all of these stray dogs in farnsworth are conspiring against me 
load water  spray water  get covered in mud  rinse off  get covered in mud  rinse off  get covered in mud  rinse off  load water  repeat  day 30-something 
someone throw me a bone and tell me you also like black licorice  i am feeling very alone on the matter 
your life is your own; rise up and live it!
"been listening to npr and some christian station all morning  humans really are pathetic  from the ooze to the arts i doubt our ancestors would have crawled through a million years of slime just for us to turn around and spit it back in their faces  humans could be so <propmale>, so productive, so happy   "
"i am pro-defense, anti-government, pro-choice, anti-welfare, anti-union, anti-corporate, pro-marriage equality, pro-assassination, anti-war, anti-marriage, pro-death penalty, anti-religion, anti-prohibition, pro-religious freedom; and pro-noncontradiction  vote for me!"
nobody likes a crybaby 
cross your fingers
"reading fight club  i loved the movie, and choke, and so far a lot of the narrator's dialogue looks to have been taken verbatim from the book  i think i am going to enjoy this "
"for true hope to thrive, false hope must be destroyed "
"i still sing the abc's in my head when washing my hands  sometimes, in a public restroom, someone will walk behind me and i will catch them giving me an odd look, and i realize i have been singing it aloud "
watching <propfemale> wars with the french audio will ruin darth vader for you 
this is the kind of morning that makes me wish i could whistle better 
heading to midnight rodeo  here's to not learning lessons the first time!
"so i quit my job, and am starting one that'll make more than double what i am used to  best part? no mud   woot"
"found a great house, so i'm moving to stinnett!"
