732f10a5bfe71e0baa4f3da098a1889f
its really boring at 330 in the morning when the hubs is at work and i am not!
farmtown is down! that sucks!!
i think my depression is back full blast
i am so tired and my friend <propfemale> is going to be here in 2 hours to go to her baby shower 
i jst checked out my hubbies myspace <propfemale> and one of his friends wifes said ----i am so glad you finally posted pics of your wedding it looks wonderful*snickering*--- i am in a wtf kinda mood now why would anyone say that mother fucker
on my way the ob urgent care because my happy ass passed out a few times and im getting hella paranoid and jumpy - these are signs of dehydration for me
my baby shower is today - and i think only about 3 people i invited are going to show up  the rest are going to be my mils friends and family 
"freaked out by strange noises in the house, my electricity keeps cutting out and my big dog crammed himself behind the couch??!!"
im doing laundry and forgot to start the dryer -- oops
dinner is almost cooked  pork chops rice a <propfemale> and brocoli -- yum
i am gonna have a <propfemale> today!!
i am off the the hospital  
i need company  
i really need company
greys is going to make me bawl
to my friends who play cafe world  please add my hubby <propfirst> terrel  he needs friends and neighbors
if anyone plays fishville could they add my husband <propfirst> he needs neighbors   thanks
is bg down???
yeah so i am pretty sure i dont give a shit about anything any more   
yup yup just because
happy 7 months dayanera
off to trikke in the park     
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=f14xwujdyog
sick today   why am i sick??
aww thanks ladies
i am a grown up! knitting is not the boss of me    okay yes it is! i am sorry please don't    no  not the needles!
went to the meramec caverns for fathers day
"will just asked \why do they put salt on french fry's  it makes it so you cant taste the french or the fry \"""""
home
in pa everyone is ok
daya is 9 months today!!
its to fuckin early -- night
off to work
daya has a toof!!
my phone keeps typing backward! wtf?
"i was baby wearing at the grocery store in my $200 didy    i was asked of i wanted a stroller, needed a snugi (baby carrier)   then in the parking lot i had a mad look at his pregnant wife and ask her \why don't we get one of those instead of a stroller?\"""""
pagan pride day september 18th
so its like 4:11 am i have had 5 or 6 margaritas and 2 bottles of beer          why dont they sell beer 24-7? i am not drunk enough yet  i can still type and use spell check    wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
something is making me feel like shit
the fear daya just got excited over me putting a hat on her baby dolls' head
i am off to see the dickhead that runs oz    
bored
it feels great to quit ajob you hate!!
i really hate when things happen and no one makes you aware that they happen
the worst things ever toddler  baby shoes with dog toy squeakers
getting weird looks at work manson is on the headphones knitting in hand 
"it just got better shuffle i thank you for the beatles, manson, zombie,shakira, odd mix i have going on lol"
what way is up?
i fuckin hate getto  mother fuckers  go away leave me the fuck alone
u want a cigarette
drinking tonight
well well fuckin hell
i miss my monsters
"if vodka was water and i was a duck, i'd swim to the bottom and never come up! but vodka's not water, and i'm not a duck, so hand me that bottle and"
shut the fuck up
1 year old     
fuck'em fuck'em fuck'em all!
where the fuck did my chat bar go
yep i think it may be one of those days  my filter setting seems to be on low:  surprise 
"its 7 smile  am, i need to make 2 pumpkin pies, pumpkin cookies, and 2 pumpkin rolls  because i work 32 hours in the next 3 days"
gooble gooble all
totally digging my new phone  now to decide if i want  to keep it
dayanera just headbutted me so hard in her sleep that she gave me a bloody nose
i have a new phone none of my contacts transferred  if you want me to know who you are please message me with your name! <propfemale> and <propfemale> this meansvyou two also  no <propfirst>!
two years today
blah
i hate the spring time change
just found my half sister     
"what a day! met my sister, my cousin, found 2 aunts one of whom i have never met as well as added a cousin that i didnt know was on fb   so again what a crazy exciting day!"
going to the store to get stuff for dinner  fun fun
i don't wanna work
its <propfemale> and crappy out  this iis a day made for sleeping and being lazy watching old movies and drinking wine  not listening to people with to much money whine    
been at work for 2 hours and i'm still asleep
still  at work still asleep   
no no no 
here is to a long weekend! i should go get my patron!
i really hate petty shit
damn it i have heartburn 
everyone got burnt at the medfaire but t'was fun!
random fact  if you peel a banana from the bottom rather then the top it doesn't have any strings on it 
