d62802b410b0a1c93b55bda0f3d8c31d
let's hope this year will be better then the last  smile   love 
just saw narnia and it did not suck!
testing testing
"wants to try to become more active on fb  so many things i don't know how to use on here, lol  0 0;"
<propfirst> courington from our church passed away yesterday  please keep his family in your prayers 
"i was just brushing my hair a few minutes ago, and literally found one strand of hair that is gold  my mom says that means i'm graying already ;~;"
"so you want to be really scary for halloween, and want my advice? <propfemale>, don't even think about dracula or frankenstein, people already know they're fake  if you really want to give people the creeps, dress up as lady gaggag or obama! them crazies be real!"
"if you guys are wondering, <propfirst>'s computer is blown, so he hasn't been able to get online, and probably won't for a while "
i wish people would stop freaking out when i say i'm seventeen and don't have a license > >
"haha, first time going to the monday class without <propfirst>, and i didn't die of awkwardness! cool points for me "
"well my room is finally done, and i'm now moved in! it looks so cool and coordinated too, like one of those rooms featured in the pamphlets at home depot, lol "
"i hate having a pc  my neck always hurts when i sit down at it for more than five minutes  laptops are so much better because you can lay down in bed and use them, lol  appreciate your laptops people "
i so can't wait till thanksgiving! having all of the family over our house for the first time in ever  so excited ^^
"isn't it funny how you eat dinner as a family of six, but when you go do the dishes it looks like dinner with a family of 24 "
"whenever someone compliments your hair, you start fingering it  whenever someone compliments your shirt, you start brushing it off  whenever someone compliments your younger brother sister, you put your arm around their shoulder and start agreeing  what does this mean? that we notice somethings worth when someone else points it out "
"ah, this is a good week "
"happy birthday to <propfirst>, my dad, and <propfemale>! (yes all on the same day)"
"is starting to gradually regain interest into the american music industry  i stopped listening to the radio around christmas '08, so i have aloooot to catch up on - -"
"i miss when they used to show <propfirst> mouse and goofy on what is supposed to be called \disney channel\""  now they have all these cheesy kids sitcoms - -"""
"yay finally a break from school! next week's gonna be so exciting, having my mom's whole family (8+) and some of my dad's (4) over for thanksgiving  gonna be a full house for a couple of days haha "
wishes he could've gone to see <propmale> potter last night 
thats messed up  how you gonna have a mean girls 2 without the original plastics or <propfirst>? i am disappoint 
i think i'll wait till christmas to eat again  i might blow up if put one more thing in my stomach 
my abuelo (grandfather) of 72+ years was baptized last wednseday  god is good 
"being sick with a cold sucks  massive headaches, sore throat, cold sores, stopped nose, eyes burning, etc  i hope this blows over quick - -"
its funny how everything tastes like cough medicine when you're sick 
hug
christmas tunes give me an exceptionally big smile 
happy 20th anniversary to my parents!
"yo, this is funny   but will ruin your childhood  (a long read)"
delightful  tomorrow's forcast is a high 20 degrees  winter is here  laugh 
"\i whip my hair back and forth!\"" \""y u no keep hair still?\"""""
lolwutyay heavy snow =  laugh 
"just went to see <propmale> potter deathly hallows part 1 and tron legacy  both great movies as a whole, but terrible endings "
no texting till next year is like waiting for grass to grow  :<
sometimes i don't understand the things parents decide to bring up at the worst times 
"my new year's resolution annoyed 1 ) survive 2011"
vlogging looks fun  surprise 
"and i quote <propfirst> <propfirst>'s health teacher annoyed \so i was walking downtown and saw this underaged looking hooker  i went up to her to see how old she was \",d62802b410b0a1c93b55bda0f3d8c31d,"definitely looking foward to the predicted four inches of snow this afternoon  oh, how i love the winter "
"and it continues to snow, when the forecast called for rain  take that weatherman "
"it would be really funny if they actually made students go to school on friday, after having monday - thursday off due to the snow "
"i don't care what ever the internet says, i'm still a libra "
i hate when you miss a show that you've been waiting all week to see 
"thinking about going vegetarian for my own health  idk though, it seems impossible "
interwebs <propmale>  101: truth is hidden behind every 'loljk'
newkirbygame4wiiwuuuutt love  brb dying
"oh   my   goodness  boa in a hollywood dance movie?    great, now my head is all over the wall and floor "
random super bowl facts: (1) only under 10% of the super bowl is actual gameplay  50% is dedicated to commercials  (2) more calories are consumed during the super bowl then there are websites on the internet 
"why is it that parents always want to take you places when you're sick, but don't want you to go anywhere any other time?"
"lol, i just received a legit prank phone call "
"snow is like powdered sugar raining down from heaven  its so delightful, gets you hyped, and even fun to eat  but don't stick around it too much, or you'll get sick! d:"
"what up arby's? i ordered an italian sub from you, and i got salami and <propfemale> peppers wedged between to pieces of bread  not cool > >"
"at the chinese new year festival with <propfirst>  so amazing  god, why am i not asian?"
"rest in peace, abuelita - 2 21 10"
just ordered a korean sweater  yes i did 
"well, after two years of procrastination, i've finally obtained my driver's permit  look out world! here i come  (really world, look out )"
"loooooooooool  now i know that these tv talk shows are a total fraud  one of our good family friends who has been married to one man for years, was on an univision talk show talking about having an affair with her niece's husband and how her husband was alcoholic and killed himself  the guy is still alive!"
my heart and thoughts go out to japan  please keep them in your prayers 
just applied at great american cookies and american eagle  new clothes that won't fit me because of the cookies! woo!  laugh 
"you know how in the movies, the guy tries to do laundry and puts a red shirt in the whites, getting a bunch of pink clothes? well, i think i'm gonna do that on purpose "
"just got back from a funeral  friday is too dreary  gotta get down on saturday, saturday "
the fact that i'm not japanese is like a hate crime to my soul 
stop prank calling me! i know it was one of you! lol!
"oh mah gerdness, another prank call   from massachusetts!"
"ah! curse you new at&t service for being out all day! my life has no meaning without phone, internet, or television lol! oh well i still have utada & boa  smile "
