9147f973b01e62c5b52a00e9dbe79d03
i love sorority life!  laugh 
sleeping ):
i'm reaching out for you 
"got a new phoneeeeee  smile  give me your number, foo!"
"staying at <propfirst>'s tonight, woooo  smile "
"i'm chill as a cucumber, man   smile "
you make me feel aliveeeeee 
chillaxxin  smile 
"i'm asking him to change his ways, and no message could have been any clearer "
finding something to do todayyy  smile 
cool like the other side of the pillow 
"bored, really bored  more bored than bored can even be "
"take your time to trust in me, and you will find infinity "
my birthdayyy isss the 14thhh  smile 
going to the drive-in to see transformers 2 with lexi and such  smile 
"my birthday is tomorrow and it's going to be a big fail, yay!"
it's my birthdayyyy  annoyed 
"don't cry to me, if you loved me; you would be here with me  you want me? come find me, make up your mind "
"what a night for a dance, you know i'm a dancing machine "
"is listening to a buttload of <propfirst> swift, what <propfemale> know about that?  wink "
getting readyyy  smile  movies tonight 
dreaming about the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time   smile 
my head hurts ):
"i know that we're taking chances, you told me life was a risk "
just got home from hanging with <propfirst>  chillin' with my siblings for the evening   smile 
getting ready to go to my dad's so he can fix my car ):
sitting with morgannnn!  laugh 
"i'm sleepyyyyy, <propfirst>'s later "
"so don't make me, don't make me be myself around you "
"you are the beating in my heart  but that is not enough, will i ever be by your side?"
"and please say to me, you'll let me hold your hand "
"baby don't worry, you are my only, you won't be lonely even if the sky is falling down "
"doesn't feel good, back hurts, head hurts, overall tonight sucks "
"this is the first day of my life, glad i didn't die before i met you  but now i don't care, i could go anywhere with you and i'd probably be happy "
"you played me to the left, now there's nobody left to hear your complaining i'm gone "
"i don't know what i'm gonna do, but i'm so crazy about you "
"i still believe in the phrases that we breathed, but i know the distance isn't fair to cross "
"i wish i could save you  i wish i could say to you, \i'm not going no where \"""""
is really tired and glad penta doesn't have school tomorrow 
going to nika's for the night   smile 
"you could be my someone, you could be my scene "
"waiting; for you to want me, for you to need me "
the love i'm sending ain't making it through to your heart 
"i don't hate you boy, i just want to save you while there's still something left to save "
doingg my laundryy  smile 
needs to decide on the college she wants to go toooo  sad 
car is broken d:
"has 18 containers of play-doh, lookin' at an awesome time  smile "
"we'll linger on, time can't erase a feeling this strong "
you are now rockin' with the best  smile 
they'll think i'm insane but you'll all know my name!
6 months  love 
"as many times as i blink, i'll think of you tonight "
can't wait for christmas  laugh 
"no i never really been in a club, still live with my parents but i'm still a thug  i'm so gangster you can find me baking cookies at night "
"playing scene it! with <propfirst>, hahaha  smile "
"lalala, the weather outside is weather "
i'm going to be sooo mad if i don't get exempt from my anatomy exam 
why do so many people have little pokemon guys as their default picture?  surprise 
got a purple laptop!!!  laugh  nephews woke up at 1 a m  ridiculous? oh yes  one hour of sleep  definitely trying to go back to sleep  <propfemale> christmas!  smile 
"i will be the one that's gonna hold you, i will be the one that you run to  my love is a burning, consuming fire "
happpy new year  smile  workiin' until 6 a m  hoollaaaaa!  playful 
"i hate how people think two years after they're supposed to do something they can do it now and receive the same outcome  no that's not how it works, sorry "
"playing wii bowling with tay, <propmale>, and <propmale>  smile "
"i love how someone nearly ten years older than you can be so immature, lol  relaxing, then work at 11; because i have a good job and am going to college, got a lot going for my future  what can you say about yours? justsaying "
i can't think of anybody else who i'd hate to miss as much as i hate missing you 
"i wishhh, i had some mcdonald's  mmhmm  smile "
"i'm <propmale> from where you are, i lay down on the cold ground and i pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms   love "
everybody sucks  smile 
i need to find something entertaining before i kill myself of boredom  -_-
"i'm <propmale> from where you are, i lay down on the cold ground and i pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms  ?"
who said that it's better to have loved and lost? i wish that i had never loved at all 
"your words in my memory, are like music to me   love "
loves two-hour delays; hates not being able to fall back asleep 
i need to study for a biology test and i don't wanna!!!! ):
i'm kindaaaa sleeepppy   smile 
"the girl who always has a good time  the girl who is always making people laugh, and who is easily loved  the girl who is beatiful on the inside and the outside  the girl has slammin hips  the girl whose dedicated, and has a rockin family  the girl who is the best best friend ever, amazing all around!!"
hanging with nika mad the snow is keeping us from seeing dear <propfirst>!
"watching mean girls, chillin' at home  smile  call or text "
"i hear you choking on your words again, the secret's in your throat  and i really wish you'd say what you're thinking "
"not watching the superbowl, instead watching titanic  smile "
no school + 12 hours of sleep = happiness  smile 
"wow, lake is already closed for tomorrow  looks like i have another eventful day of doing absolutely nothing ahead of me  -sigh "
"showering, then maybeee playing in the snow with the boys  smile  text meee "
"watching the food network, even though everything they make is disgusting; it at least looks really good "
"watching superbad, already on a two hour delay  i don't want to be closed again  sad "
"just took a shower, about to do some laundry, chillin' for the nightt  smile "
"somedays aren't yours at all, they come and go, as if they're someone else's days "
am i just another scene from a movie that you've seen 100 times?
and when you smile at me you know exactly what you do 
i love lifetime movies  love 
"all this time you were pretending, so much for my happy ending "
"you won't try to save me, you just want to hurt me and leave me desperate "
"-sigh, i'm so boredddd today "
i'm feelin pretty fine and dandy  smile 
you're using your headphones to drown out your mind 
"i'm the one that should mean something, but still you wish that you meant something to somebody else "
i'm entirely sick of being sick  sad  my throat hurts <propfemale> bad 
yay for school being clossedd  smile 
"sleeping in allll weeekk, how beautiful  smile "
my virus database has been updated    smile 
i hate texting > surprise 
watching waiting  smile 
i wanna go to a six dollar tuesday movie tomorrow!! > surprise 
"of course, if the right hero doesn’t come along, sometimes we just have to rescue ourselves "
"human beings are designed for many things, but loneliness isn't one of them "
cayyyleeee'sss hereeee!!!! omgs 
"lalalalala, making sommee ramen nooddlless  love "
i love sending out a mass text on holidays  smile  happy easter  love 
"babysitting elii  smile  texttt meeee, i'm bored "
firmly grasp it in your hand!
bbboobb the builderr  can we fix it? bbboobb the builder  yes we can!
i want a lover i don't have to love  i want a boy who's so drunk he doesn't talk 
"i can't help you fix yourself, but at least i can say i tried "
"this old man, he played one, he played knick-knack on my tongue "
"the worst is over, you can have the best of me   love "
"rawr! if you got that stupid <propfemale> in wonderland deleted scene thing from me, (which you probably did because it selected all my friends and sent it) ignore it  it was stupid and i'm mad i let my curiosity get me to look at it lol "
"all that i see right now, is someone who's lost and insecure "
just got back from getting my lip pierced!  smile 
"i need to figure out something to do about my lip  sad  rahhh, stupid penta! > surprise "
i just had my first ever big <propmale> and it was delicious  smile 
rawr! > surprise  can't unscrew the stupid ball on my lip ring   sad 
you've got a smile that takes me to another planet 
"cay's takin me to <propfemale> city for my last supper, lol   sad "
"-sigh, gotta be ready super early tomorrow for surgery, lllaaaammmeeee "
"going in to the hospital, kindaa scareddd  raawwrr "
"-super sigh  if i'm not knocked out from the meds, i'm pacing  my tummy is so sore   sad "
yay just got a new car! haha they were so sneaky about it! i'm so happy   smile  but still insanely sore 
got a job at castaway bay for the summer!!!  smile 
"rah, missing school again  sad  i just want this to stop hurtttinnggg!!! > surprise "
"watchin enough, i love this movie   smile  chhilliiinnn "
"if ya really need me, just reach out and touch me "
watching mr  magorium's wonder emporium! holllaaaa
"i'm over your lies, and i'm over your games "
oh my gosh  best  day  ever! just stumbled upon the fact that 106 5 the zone has now moved to 100 9! my life is complete  love 
"baby close your eyes, don't open til the morning light  baby don't forget, you haven't lost it all yet "
"you'll regret it all living behind your wall, and you'll never fall in love if you don't risk it all "
"i just want you close, where you can stay forever, you can be sure that it will only get better "
"an ordinary girl, an ordinary waist, but ordinary's just not good enough today "
going to see nightmare on elm street at the drive-in's!  laugh  that's clearly my new obsession  love 
"uhm, probably going to pee myself tonight after that movie   sad "
"when the lights go out we'll be safe and sound  we'll take control of the world,  like it's all we have to hold on to, and we'll be a dream "
"i fall to pieces, each time someone speaks your name "
"what you got boy is hard to find, i think about it all the time "
cause i know i'm wasting my time and i don't mind 
i wannnaaa gooo forrr a walkkk in zee rainn  laugh 
"has made the final decision, i'm going to bgsu   smile "
big ol' fat rain  love 
"we all got things to do, but we make time for what we want "
"\relationships are a joint collection of songs you spend the rest of your lives hating after a break-up  just heard 3 ex's in a row on the radio!\"" - i  love  <propmale> cook"""
"happy mothers day!! i love my mommyy, <propfemale> oakley  smile "
"i don't hate you boy, i just want to save you while there's still something left to save "
"sooner or later, you're gonna hate her, go ahead and throw your life away "
i cannot waiittt for school to be over next weeekkk!
"yesterday, love was such an easy game to play, now i need a place to hide away "
"friday's the laasstt dayyy!  laugh  i wanna be done now, please "
"came home early, only a 1 2 day tomorrow; thankfully   annoyed "
we all had to give up things we love 
"what's eating <propmale> grape, on mtv, at 6 a m , what a delicious treat!  love "
done with highschool!  smile  happy birthday @<propfirst> smith!!
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now 
cleaningg! won't have my phone on me most of the time 
today's the dayyyy!!!
"oh, what a glorious life   -_-"
going to maumee bay  smile 
at <propmale>'s baseball game  smile 
this is seriously the scariest night of my life 
lake is one of the saddest sights i've seen 
going to lake to be with seniors and lake
i can't believe they're holding graduation as soon as tomorrow 
lake class of '10 this has been one crazy ride  it's hard to believe it's about to be over  congratulations everyone  smile 
"going to clean up lake, won't have my phone "
in soviet russia car drives you!
got me some skechers shape ups  laugh  thanks mama!
"cedar point with <propfirst> luce yesterday was pretty awesome  smile  now, training classes  woo!"
"waiting for our 2 mile \brisk tour\"" through the park to begin """
just helped tay put up a huge tent for my nephews  work open to 4 tomorrow  smile 
i hateeee stupid mosquitoes > surprise 
"i'm so drained, i can't do this anymoree  sad "
this is so stupid  
just got home  smile  hanging with errin and tay  gettin' ready for my parttyyy tomorrow 
"dreams last for so long, even after your gone "
"if you wonder, about the spell i'm under, it's your love "
i'll keep singing this line if you'll keep believing it   smile 
"we never really grow up, we just learn how to act in public   smile "
13 days til i'm legal  laugh 
downtown watchin fireworks with dad and <propmale>  smile 
up at the hospital with lexi and aubreyy  smile 
"happy birthday, grandma  love  i miss and love youu"
"watchin <propmale> potter and the half-blood <propmale>, boo-yaahh  smile "
"i'ma space bound rocket ship and your heart's the <propfemale>, and i'm aiming right at you "
"i am so, so bored  someone entertain me nooowww  please  laugh "
"watchin dumb and dumber, goin to sleep early, bg orientation in the morning for the whole frickin' dayyyy! yayy  sad "
"too early ): going to bg orientation with my mama, yeah i'm just a baby  playful  two days til i'm 18  laugh  textt meeee "
tomorrow is my 18th birthdayyyy!!!  laugh 
"i find the map and draw a straight line  over rivers, farms, and state lines  the distance from 'a' to where you'd be, it's only finger-lengths that i see "
"shutting my phone off for a bit, if you need something; show up at my house "
"lalalalalala, talkinngg to tayyy  playful   love "
"if i could write you a song to make you fall in love, i would already have you up under my arm "
i wish i could get my lip ring out to change itt!! can anyone tell me howw?  sad 
watchin' <propmale> and the chipmunks with my baaabbbyy   love 
relaxin' with my baabbyy  smile  takin' <propfemale> to work at 9 a m   sad  theenn tay's job interview at 4 
bakin cookies with my love  playful 
"goin swimmin with tay, <propmale>, and <propmale>  laugh  yaaayyy"
"going to the <propmale> county fair with dad, <propmale>, <propfemale>, tay and the boys  laugh "
"lost my phone at meijers, oops   smile "
i never want you to go because i am all yours so please be all mine  love 
yay! just got the droid and switched to verizon  smile  same numberrr 
class 1-5  smile  text meee!
lol laffy taffy just came on one of my old mixtapes and it's geneous! i missed it lol
"my back hurts sooo bad, i can hardly move :,("
"going to the hospital, hopefully they can do something to help my back  sad "
i feel like a slice of butter melting over a big-ol' pile of flapjacks 
sushiii mmmmm  love 
"hangin' around with tay and little <propfemale>  love  watching teen mom, so happy there's no class tomorrow!"
"gahhhhh, hate all these papers d': ridiculously happy it's the weekend and my last week of this class is wednesdayyy!"
"yayy got the first <propfemale> of my paper finally completed! now, onto the \evolution of the chocolate chip cookie\""! flopsy is still nugglin' on <propfemale>   love """
"you're still the one that makes me laugh, still the one that's my better half  we're still havin' fun, and you're still the one   love "
"yay, filled out another application  at halloween city! (formerly halloween usa) either way, i'd be super stoked if i got a job there!  smile "
yay!! back to the future part ii is on!!!!! best  movie series  ever!  love 
"first day of fundamentals of algebra 1-5, yay for being a 'tard in math bahaha! -_-"
"sweeeettt, on hold with the bank  there's probably like 100 dollars worth of overdraft fees from being overdrawn 47 cents  -_-"
you are the best thing that's ever been mine   smile   love 
"class 1-5 then rushing over to lake's football game  smile  even though there probably won't be any spots left to park, lol  yay!"
just went from 70 to 0 on i75 and almost pee'd myself  stupiddd trafficcc  yay flyers tonight with the fam and tay!  smile 
"bahaha, \willostock\"" happening down the street  how awesome this little town can be   wink """
if i can't get a job asap i don't know how i'ma be able to keep goin to school  
have a job interview at office <propmale> tuesday!!!!  smile  super excited!
spent the day moving stuff to the new house in woodville  smile 
"my heart stops when you look at me, just one touch now baby i believe  this is real so take a <propmale> and don't ever look back   love "
lmao <propfirst> bieber was just like whatt? where do i go? adorable  he's so sexy  love 
"soooo, my phone is shutoff  so if you call or text me and i don't answer or reply  that's why  -_-"
wifi on my phhoonnee  laugh  ballliinnn'! office <propmale> interview tomorrow! super excited!!
lol yay for using brown mackie's wifi on my phone  smile  too bad i still can't call out or reply to texts  sad 
"jsyak, my phone is still not working  i can only receive calls and texts, i cannot call out or reply ): and now, my internet is also out  ahhh, whatta life  ;p"
nervous on how i did on the exam today  annoyed  hope i did well because i really do not want to have to take that class again 
"sigh, i'm bored  i need a job  it's annoying   annoyed "
"tryin' to go for a walk with tay  smile  our neighbor brought us some noms to welcome us to the neighborhood, how nice!!  smile "
gettin ready to take the bohys to the woodville library  smile 
"just got done making \birthday brownies\"" for j c  and <propmale>  smile  maybe take them to the park later since it's so nice outside """
the choice by <propmale> sparks is one of the best books i've read in a long time  love 
"oh my gosh, 98 3 has seriously been playing the sweetest jams, i'm in my <propfemale>   smile "
watching happy gilmore with tay  love  first day of microcomputer something class tomorrow   smile  hopefully breakfast with errin before!
yay! interview at subway wednesday!!! super excited  thanks jesss  smile   love 
"you can't even imagine how much i love leaving for six hours for class and not having any money to eat, awesome "
i like it on the desk 
interview todaayy!  smile  excited 
"lmao, seriously just read a person's status that was this annoyed \yew cant fight <propmale> <propmale>øn     so",tak a løok\9147f973b01e62c5b52a00e9dbe79d03,"so, i hate how someone's going to ask what's wrong  and usually, they get mad because i don't tell them, so this time, i do  what happens you ask? they get mad because of what i say! lol, sounds like someone needs to make up their mind on what they actually want to hear  -_-"
"sleeepppp, work 11 to 4 tomorrow  smile "
"taking care of tay cause he's sickkk  doing a bunch of homework, class 1-5, and i have a midterm tomorrow  ):"
just had an interview at pilot that took an houurrr  i hope it went welll!
"watchin' the lovely bones by myself, my tummy hurts   sad  work 10-3 tomorrow "
"my stomach hurts so frickin' bad  sad  ughh, i hate being sick  and i especially hate throwing up  this  is  horrible "
"so apparently, i'm not feeling as better today as i thought  stomach is stillll killing me, this is awesome  #fml"
"it's like forgetting the words to your favorite song, you can't believe it, you were always singing along  it was so easy, and the words so sweet  you can't remember, you try to move your feet "
"like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname \yeah, this is happening  playful "
"work at pilot, then with the family to the pumpkin patch!  laugh "
"class, then no work todayy, so relaxing! nice break before working alllll weekend  tomorrow, pilot from 12-4 then subway 5-close  woooo  smile "
"watching the hangover with tay  love  work at subway 11-4, then pilot 6-10  smile "
"ugh, stupid tornado watches  and it's supposed to get severe between 1 and 5, the exact time length of my class  needless to say, i'm not going  i don't want to be in the car to or from class especially driving an hour away  i hate missing class ):"
"missed class for no reason, super mad! oh well, i guess "
family guy with tay and flopsy  smile  then sleeeepppp!
watching gremlins!  laugh  class tomorrow 1-5 
found out tonight that my <propfemale> flopsy is a boy  this  e playful lains  everything!
"just carved some pumpkins with tay and the boys, working 5-close tonight at subway   smile "
"work 10-4 tomorrow at subway, i neeeeddd a haircut asap!"
"watching halloween ii on showtime, work 4-close tomorrow   sad "
"watching halloween 4, then work 4-close  sad i'm not going with the boys trick or treating  sad "
"suuuper mad my alarm didn't go off this morning, i hate missing the first day of class   -_- well, doing stuff around the house then going to get my hair cuutt   laugh "
"\you're too big for bottles!\"""""
"it should be a crime to be up this early! taking <propmale> to school, then going to class  sigh, this  sucks "
"getting ready to go to sleep, work at pilot at 8 a m  ): these early morning's are going to kill meee  hopefully this brown mackie scheduling stuff gets figured out, i don't need the extra stresss!"
work at pilot reaallly sucks today  sad  i hope it gets better  these past few days have been boootttyyy!
"my feet are killing me, i'm so tired  going to bed, then getting up early to take <propmale> to school, then going to class  i just need a power nap  today has been quite the day "
i seriously just want to call of work at pilot today  things were good anddd then turned to crap  i seriously cannot wait to be out of here  
"work today was supperr goood  smile  i love those people, they're so nice  going to bed, sleeping in, i neeedd it! work at pilot 2-6 "
"does anyone have good credit and would be willing to co-sign on a lease for an apartment for me, lexi, and <propfirst>? we really need it  "
"ughh, i don't feel like doing this essaaayyy! but it's some of the only time i have to work on it ): suuuperrr saddd "
"booooooo, getting sick ): work at subway 10 to 4, then going to get some noms with <propfemale> macknight   laugh "
i don't feel goooddd! ): work at subway 12 to 4 then pilot 4 smile 0 to 8 smile 0 
"wooo, couple of days off work  laugh  thennn, working like crazy at pilot for the week "
"so, just completely rewrote me english essay and it went from three pages to five  wooooo, now enjoying the rest of my day off  smile "
"ughhh, i wish i could stop coughing already! being sick is horrribllleee  about to watch some television with tay then falll asleeepp   smile   love "
"out at the park with tay and the boys, it's gettin chilly and <propfemale> which is not helping my cold  sad "
"driving to get some nyquil  and it is ridiculously foggy, cars are coming out of nowhere lol "
"going to school in the crazy fog, i still can't stop coughing  sad  i'm dying  work 345-745 at pilot  blaahhh "
"ugh, i feel so horrible  i can't do anything without choking every five seconds  started taking my antibiotics but not helping yet  worst bronchitis ever  sad "
"day off  laugh  hanging around, about to watch the proposal with my boo  then have to start my process analysis essay for comp i that's due tomorrow  fantastic  -_-"
"sweeettt, as soon as i start my paper i try to save it and now the computer's being dumb  -_- in the mean time, i'm being distracted by <propfirst> lopez, lol "
"weellpp, my paper had to have no less than three <propfemale>s and there is indeed about half a paragraph on the third <propfemale>  good enough for me, about to lay down with tay, watch some t v  and fall asleep  i'm insanely tired, goodnight  love "
life is a beach i'm just playin' in the saaaannnddd   smile 
"just smashed on some ribs, mmm  showered, gettin' ready to head to work 8 - 12   smile  not too excited that i have school at 8 a m  tomorrow though "
"blaahh waiting for <propmale> to get outta school, gotta go home take a shower then workin' til 8 "
"watchin' <propmale> potter with tayyy, going to work 4-12 ): boooo  class from 8 smile 0 to 12 smile 0, this is going to suck "
"got called into work 4 to 12, was going to spend this day off on my final english essay but i guess nooottt  lol"
"omg, i seriously need out of this house now  it's forreal bullshit "
"got the best sleep, everrrr  working 230 to 630, then i have to start my english essay "
"*sigh, how do they e playful ect us to grow up and be independent when they make it nearly impossible for us to accomplish the things needed to do so?"
"yessssss, 101 5 is playing christmas music  i am psyched!  love "
"agghhh, i do not want to write this paper! d': i don't even know how to begin  "
blaaahhhh it's too earlllyyy!  sad 
"ugghhh, oh my gooodddddd i need a better topic for my stupid paper  this is insanely annoying  -_- give me two things i can compare and contrast  "
"so, i think i'm going to try to compare the hulk to the thing, anddd we'll see how long this one lasts  "
"watching undercover boss subway, woot woot "
"rewriting my paper  lmao, gosh this is a recurring event  last day of class tomorrow, yay  laugh "
"everybody's gonna love today, gonna love today, gonna love today!"
watching a christmas <propfirst> with tay and <propmale>!  laugh  i'm in love with christmas timmee   laugh 
people are really annoying sometimes 
"watching the losers with tay, gotta leave for work at 530  i want some turkeeyy, man!"
"getting ready to take a snooozzeee! gettin' up early-ish to stop over at dad's house before going to work 2-10; holiday pay, whaaat whaatt!  smile "
"coool at kmart in an insane line, the lights started flickering annnddd now the registers are down  awesome "
"going back to bed, then work 6 to midnight   sad "
"worked 11 to 4 at subway, now going to pilot 6 to midnight  i so sleeepppyy   sad "
"sigh, work at pilot 10 to 215, stilll super sleeepppyyy "
"between jobs and school, i am just getting reallly stressed    sad "
"it's plain to see, that you're the only one for me "
"freezing, tired, and tay's at work ): bored with fb stalking, lol  going to sleeepp  p s  i hate my new class   -_- it friggin' sucks!"
"ugh, doing a threaded discussion that is pretty much an essay  we get out of class at 10 p m  it was assigned last night and is due tonight at 10  rah rah rah, i will complain for forever!"
"home from class, eating some s'ghetti, sleeping, then work at 6 a m  oh the joy   -_-"
watching riding in cars with boys  smile  i looooovvveeeee this movie!  love 
lmao@tim <propfirst>  love  i love the <propfemale> clause!  smile 
"ohhh myyy gooossshhh, i do not like this teacherrr! ugh, we have an exam to do online today since it's a blended day  so she decides to put a frickin' password on the darn thing and didn't give it to anyone, wtf!"
"work 645 to 11, going to penta with <propfirst>  smile  thenn work subway 5 to close  oh what a day  "
"ugh, just got off work  shower, sleep, then working at pilot at 6 a m "
"yesterday, three hours late  today 41 minutes early  i'm heatedddd   sad "
"my head is killing me ): exhausted, going to bed early tonight and sleeping forever since i don't have work tomorrow  love  yay!"
"cowboys win it in overtimmmeeee, wooooooo!  smile "
doing school work before class 6-10 ): boooo!
"42! even though i technically wasn't playing myself, i'll do it for you! anatomy was awesome with you! i miss it  we definitely need to <propfemale> out asaaapppp   smile "
"\you taught my heart a sense i never knew i had \"" rockin' on the way to school  tay is purposely driving into the snow like a llaaammmeee   playful """
"tay left for work, taking a quick shower, sleep, then work at 6 a m  ):"
"stayed a few hours longer at work, time to relax and do some homewoork  hollaaa  playful "
"gah annoyed! get over yourselff  i did this and i will take the consequences, don't turn it into something about you! i felt bad at first now i just don't care "
"long story short, i will choose my college education over any job "
"of course if you put a bunch of girls in one place all you can e playful ect is drama, drama  making a huge deal out of nothing lol  workin' pilot, making good money smile "
going to brush the snow off my car and warm it up before woorrrkk  i lovveee the snow; i hate driving in it  ):
"putting the christmas tree up  laugh  work tomorrow morning, i hope it doesn't snow tooooo bad tonight!"
"so, it's like a blizzard outside annddd i'm stuck at pilot which is dead right now  booooo!  playful  this snow better stay so i can go sledding!"
i wish work had two hour delays like schoool   sad 
the entire drive to school consists of my car sliding all over the place  awesome  -_-
there might be a little dust on the boottlleee! but don't let it fool ya about what's insiiddeee 
"watching the spongebob squarepants movie, it's my favoritteeee   smile "
"went to dinner with <propfemale>, i loovee her  smile  watchin' how the grinch stole christmas  getting ready for sleeepps "
"ugh, i woke up feeling horrible ): didn't get enough sleep either, boooo! about to bake some more cookies! text meee   laugh "
wooorrrkkk  playful  holllaaaaa!
<propmale>'s school christmas program at woodmore  smile  then leavinngg!
"tired, bored, watching family guy   smile  textt meee!"
"our lives are better left to <propmale>, i could have missed the pain but i'd have had to miss the dannce "
"blah, work 7 to midnight  i don't like working at night   sad "
"staying elsewhere until we get enough money for an apartment, sweeett  happy frickin' holidays!"
out with <propfemale>  smile  holllaaaa!
watching toy story 2!  laugh  sleeepp work at 6 a m 
"broken hearts and torn up letters, girl you just can't dance forever if you wanna make it better "
you'll never fall in love if you don't risk it all 
"all we know for sure is all that we are fighting for, baby don't forget we haven't lost it all yet   love "
omgosh! the rugrats movie is coming on t v  sunday at 8  i adoreee the rugrats!  love 
"you're no longer laughing, i'm not drowning fast enough "
"oh ya know, just enjoying the glorious two-days-before-christmas-traffic with tay  hahahahahaa  -_-"
merrry christmasss  love 
"went to sleep for about an hour and a half, and the boys were up and ready to go  oh, today will be gloriouusss  playful "
"lmao so my dad got me and tay matching <propmale> the frog shirts  totally random  i love it and will be making him take a picture with me in them  \p s  <propfirst>, if you are reading this please bring my phone upsairs to me  it's in the kitchen, thanks!  smile "
"people annoy me, don't say you're sooo busy to chilll with me when you're with everyone else  sn: back to the future part ii is on   laugh   love "
"mmmm, fooottt rubbb  love "
"ahh, club last night with myy girrllss  playful  that's how you prepare for working two days on the midnight shift! hahaha  love "
"at work until 230, running on about 2 1 2 hours of sleeep  fantastic!  playful "
"you can't blame the guy for trying to do a ninja, kartwheel touchdown  bahaha"
"gosh, kids these days have no idea how to make a prank call even remotely interesting  most disappointing event ever  -_-"
"rah i can't stand sore losers, i need someone who can have fun whether they win or lose "
at nugoya with tay for his birthdaayy!  smile 
"\you are the godfocker \"" hahaha  love """
i hateee being sick! d:
"watching aladdin  playful  shower, sleep, then work at 6 a m   smile "
yay rugrats!!  love 
"sleeppyy, watching degrassi, hopefully sleep soon, then work in the morningg   smile "
"woooo, no work tomorrroww  only day off this week lol  ;p maybe going sleddinng with the boys "
"watching twilight until i love you, man comes on  sledding with tay and the boys was superr tiring lol "
"i seriously love watching movies with <propmale>, he's so funny  watching despicable me with him   laugh "
"me: why is this meat so soggy?\alina: uhm, because it's tofu  \hahaha, wonderful trips to nagoya "
"everyone wants happiness, no one wants pain  but, you know that you can't make a rainbow without a little rain   love "
"whew, just rearranged the room with tay  it looks delightful! now playing some wii before din-din   smile "
"la la la la laaaaa, at work til 730  should be eventful  playful "
"watching degrassi  love  aghh, i'm so in love withh it  hollllaaaa!"
"everything looks perfect from far away, come down now, but we'll stay  "
sigh  
"head hurts, super bored, but i'm watching american dad   love   smile "
"this is stupid, i wanna talk about vaginas! #familyguy lol  love "
i wish my head would stop dying   sad 
"awww, this kid is so cute and singing my jaaamm "
"ughhh, restlesssss! work in the morninngg "
transformers   smile 
"family guy, then sleeeeeepppp timmmeeee   love "
"i hate when people continue to bring up stupid things when they happened nearly two months ago, lolol  watching spongebob, sleeping, then wooorrkk   smile "
"-pinky promise?\-ohh yesss, my pinky promisess "
"the worst is over, you can have the best of me   love "
watching the ring two  smile  i lovvveee this movie and have not seen it in forever!
i love taking naps after work   smile  hollaaa!
"is it even snowing yet? getting ready for sleepp, then work tomorroow "
"i seriously love the rugrats  love  it makes me laugh  about to bake some cookiess, then work at 2 "
"woooo made the ride home from worrkk   smile  now, hopefully no work tomorrow because that was horrible, lol "
"ugghhh, sandusky went down to level 2  looks like i have to go to work at 4 *sigh   laaammmeeee!"
playing just dance with <propfirst> alll nigghhttt   smile  holllaaa!
"its beating, taken, a little indecisive and it's red   smile "
wooorrrkk  i'm so tired from playing just dance 2 all night  its my jaamms   smile 
"first off, snow = suckiest roads, ever  and i had so much snow in my shoes just  sad   secondd, i finnaally got my w2 from castaway bay! my collection is complete!"
"ahhh, i love e-trade commercials   love "
"and when you get the choice to sit it out or dance, i hope you dance   love "
rahhh  i have to do some laundry but degrassi is on!
"bored, bored, bored, bored, bored  head's killing me d: sleeepp nooowwwww!?"
ahhhhhh degrassi made me so mmaaaddddd! i want <propmale> and clareee!
blehh  annoyed 
watching snow white  love 
"i'm so sleeepppyy, work til 630; booo!"
"aggghhh, i'm so sleeepppy! i need to do laundry now though, boooyaaahhh   playful "
"<propfemale> tired  thanks to tay making me stay up watching wall-e, i only got seven hours of sleep "
"ommggggg, i seriously have the worst headache on the planet   sad "
lalalala work isn't such a struggle this morning considering i got my much needed ten hours of sleep  love  going to check out an apartment after work  laugh 
"i'm a complainer  playful  for example, my feet frickin' hurt right nooww  wooorrkkkkkinnn' sn: payday should probably hurry up "
"ugh, some people seriously irritate the crap out of me  "
"most certainly time for sleep  my head is dying, i know it  ):"
i hate genoa bank  -_-
wooorrrkkk  my back is seriously broken or something  this sucks  ):
maann i don't want to be here until 5  -_-
"awww, fifi's so scared of the thunder ): watching a movie beforee bedd   smile "
"ahh, despicable me  love "
"watching tay play black ops, it makes me lolol  work early in the morning ):"
"just woke up from a glorious nap, i am exhaustedd "
"every now and then i fall apart, and i need you now tonight "
"i'm <propfemale> tiirrreedd  ): work is boring right now, booo!"
"i just want to call of today, i'm too beyond irritated to deal with people right now "
"ugh, sick and it suuucckkss!"
"sooo restless, and my throat feels like crap d: i'm exhausteddd "
i wish my body would quit trying to kill me  ):
"ugh, i've slept nearly all day  i'm really not trying to be sick forever  \sn: i'm just having one of those dayyss   annoyed "
i feeel so horrible right now  ): uugghhhh 
sitting in urgent care  watching happy feet  what a weird choice of movie for a waiting room  but i dig it 
blaahh at work for another hour  i'm so tiredd ):
worrkkk then have to take the kids to gamestop since i've been putting it off all week  it'll be interesting lol 
"omgg, whenever genoa bank decides to deposit my check, i am switching banks  they friggin' suck! getting ready to leave for work, hollaaa  playful "
"did you hear the one about the gold fish who went bankrupt? now he's a bronze fish  hahahahaha oh spongebob, you slay me "
"blegh, watching family guy then work 11 to 7  i'm not sure if i'll be able to make it lol "
"omgg i'm so irritated, i am seriously never working midnights again  > surprise "
"hommeee from work, time for sleep  love  my back feels like death  ):"
"facebook creeepinnn'  wink  i have the worst headache, and i work pretty much all day tomorrow  i just want to sleep allll day "
"i really need to find a different place to sit on breaks at work, i'm tired of truckers creeping on me on their way to or from the shower "
"went to famous <propmale>'s with everyone for <propmale>'s birthday, including the three boys and it was fantastic  watching super troopers with tay before bed  smile "
the only good thing about working at 6 a m  is mcdonalds breakfasstt   smile 
jelllyyfisshh jelllyy on the floooorrr! home from work playing watching tay and <propmale> play spongebob on the wii 
"tgif has no meaning anymore, i will still be at work early saturday and sunday  i am, however, waiting for sunday since i don't work monday and tuesday   smile "
"i don't know where to begin, i don't know how to break the bottle i'm livin' in "
oh  my  gosh  masons first sleepover at his bestfriend <propfirst>'s house   i'm freaking out  he's growing up so fast! :')
"now there's no slowin' down, there's only settin' the pace  no more dreams to be stolen, just the right ones to <propmale>  you've been through the worst, now you know who to trust, leave them something behind before the ashes and dust "
watching paranormal activity 2 with <propfirst> 
<propfemale> buffettt  love  nom nom nom
"man, i hate that feeling when you're about to be off work in fifteen minutes and they ask you to stay until 1  ladedadeda"
"ughh, so frickin' tired  i could just fall asleep standing up  sad  is it sunday yet?"
"suddenly i see, this is what i wanna be  suddenly i see, why the hell it means so much to me "
"sweettt, i love when i work 8 hours and have no money to eat  ):"
