9b9bd438034de2bbd2d009b65a6b8cbe
goin bowlin this morning   wooo hooo!
"i don't \get\"" evolution   how does one species all of a sudden change into another?  it sounds made up to me   i would rather settle for not knowing how life came to be than believe in evolution """
home made burritos are the bomb!
"the past is on my mind   all the times i felt adored   you know that cool feeling in your gut, the rush that flows through your body when that special someone smiled at you   held your hand   looked into your soul   "
i just saw a clip of an r&b video   the name of the song? wait for it    birthday sex  seriously?  i thought it was an snl or in living color skit!  music is so disappointing these days 
i'm feeling very nostalgic today   it's weird when you feel like the past is haunting you   
can i please just be motivated already!?
buying tickets to someone's memorial service is sick and twisted   
"\beams of love originate in and emanate from our hearts \"""""
summer colds are the worst!
the mucous is here   
i hate how networks keep creating these awesome shows and then canceling them after i'm already hooked!
"i have nothing better to do than to keep up with mafia wars and these other games here on facebook   and, yet, i continue to be entertained by them   "
i love being able to order domino's online and have it delivered to my house   mmmmm   pizza
"what time is it?   4 smile 0   its not late, no no! its just early, early, earlaaayyy!"
"i'm finally finished with all my updates, requests and games etc on facebook   yes   i am that bored "
so unbelievably bored   
"is it just me or is farmville better than farmtown?    yeah, its just me    "
is really confused about the drastic changes in temperature
can't understand why it's so difficult for people to just talk and be honest with each other
"why would someone ask an artist to create something for them, and then have the nerve to tell them there's something wrong with it? hmmmmmmm"
maybe if we built a giant badger   
reach out and touch faith   
sometimes i think i'd rather play the original <propfirst> bros game than mafia wars   
"it's raining! time for movies, hot chocolate and popcorn!"
i love this time of year   scary movies rock!
just saw paranormal activity   not so great   a couple of jumps towards the end but i've seen more scary things on ghost hunters   it was basically two hours of my life that i'll never get back   
"okay, i'd like to revise my paranormal activity reveiw   this movie stays with you!  i now hear every noise in my house and some of the scenes keep repeating in my mind   very creepy   "
wow! this new twitter-inspired-annoying-minute by minute-update thing on facebook is relentless!  i'm really okay not knowing that much info!
cheerios keeps it real   
no one can make you feel inferior without your permission - <propfemale> rosevelt
happy turkey day everyone   i don't really care about the actual holiday   i just like the food part   
my turkey smells oh so good!
leftovers rock!
"just saw 2012 and i have to say its a disaster junkie's wet dream   it had everything, falling buildings, fire, volcanos, earthquakes, mega tsunamis, over-turned ships   shall i continue?"
the world looks mighty good to me cuz tootsie rolls are all i see whatever it is i think i see becomes a tootsie roll to me tootsie rolls have lots of chocolatey chew tootsie rolls i think i'm in love with you whatever it is i think i see becomes a tootsie roll to me!
playing frisbee indoors is fun!
these pretzels are making me thirsty!
woot off today   normally exciting but they're stuck on 2 bags of pistachios for $19    wtf?
"got a hair cut, got my nails done, did some shopping   i'm ready for the weekend!"
it's cold and i don't want to move   
just finished watching <propmale> season 4   my mind is blown   
the mucous has returned   blast this cold and flu season!
"watching bizarre foods all day has made me really hungry   lets face it, bizarre food is still food!"
can't sleep cuz my nose is stuffed up   turns out that breathing is a big part of having a good nights sleep   go figure
happy festivus!  that's right!  its a festivus for the rest of us!  i'm gonna go attend the feats of strength now   
my cats are so funny   they run out the garage (after using the litter box) like they did something bad and its time to run from the federales   i wonder if they feel guilty for taking a shit?  wtf are they running from? lol
"listening to the movie \mannequin\"" in the backround   so silly but always a classic for me   \""nothin's gonna stop us now   \"""""
"yeah, yeah, yeah, happy new year and stuff   "
"for this year, i'll be working on several things   opening my spirit up to success and gratitude (actually, that's one of my daily resolutions)   learning to see all the layers of value i have   opening my heart up and letting people in, even though i'm scared of getting hurt   accepting my personality unconditionally, even the ugly parts   "
"i understand privacy and boundaries and all that   but there has to be a balance! people who have nothing to hide, hide nothing   ya know?"
"furthermore, i've noticed that most people who go ghost hunting don't know what the hell they are doing!  it's like they'll believe anything that creeps them out is paranormal   so retarded  does the word \evidence\"" mean anything?!"""
no! i haven't seen avatar!
i just tripped over a box
i think i should have a twitter account   i have way too many important status updates for others to miss out on   i e  i'm making coffee
just got back from watching avatar   it was a good movie   i liked the concept when i saw it a few years ago in final fantasy: the spirits within   so i like avatar but it wasn't anything new and exciting to me   that's right   i said it!
ferngully + blue cg + 3d = avatar
"hey peeps! keep an eye out for my new listings on etsy   for those of you who didn't know, i make jewelry and sell it on etsy   i know this is a shameless plug   but who ever said i had shame?"
"ya, so i tripped over a box at my house a few days ago, then yesterday i tripped over a box at work   i'm so pretty   "
"timely: please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
i'm lost in my own world   and i like it   
not sure what to make for dinner   
my advice for today: don't be a tool! that is all   
my husband recorded my snoring last night and played it back to me this morning   i'm mortified!  i sound like a baby moose!
"i love the word \balls\"""""
worked 4 days straight with no time to check my farm   blast!
countdown to lost!!!!!!
going to fisherman's wharf today!!!
"some people are like slinkies                     they're not really good for anything, but they still bring a                 smile to your face   when you                 push them down a flight of stairs"
<propmale> bartowski is the coolest secret agent since <propmale> from get smart!!!!
i can't think of anything clever to say    so this is what you get for my live status   nonsense   
"with all the petty crap that some people choose to dwell on, its no wonder our world is dying   get over yourselves people!!!  try looking into the dying face of animals every day and get some perspective!!!"
you shouldn't keep your arms under your pillow   the tooth <propfemale> takes everything!!!
on a coffee detox and feeling oh so miserable   
"saw \wolfman\"" over the weekend   wasn't as good as i'd hoped   definitely a rental so don't waste your money   """
"i was watching \planet earth\"" last night and i new the names of the animals because i own them in \""zoo world\""   i've reached a new level of pathetic   """
feeling a little melacholy today   
14 out of 9 people are disgusted by a puppet - <propfirst> busey
saw <propfemale> in wonderland today   it was pretty good   it lacked something though   i'm not sure what it is   
hot tea is so nice    
"just because you have a massive forehead, doesn't make you smart   "
i am so high right now   i'm not sure how long it actually took me to write this   
cccccccomfortnly    numbllllllllllllll          ssssssssssssssfjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
"\i have to return some video tapes   \"""""
eating necco wafers   yummy   
"just watched \the fourth kind\""   very creepy   i'm turnimg on the night light for awhile   """
i'm falling down the rabbit hole   it's dark and neverending   
i am <propfirst>'s twisted sense of humor   
my heart soars like a hawk   
you remind me of the babe   
"i love having my cats around, because then i don't feel so weird when i talk out loud and no one is there   "
had 4 margharitas at lunch today    feeling pretty good     laugh 
"\house\"" marathon on tv today   guess what i'll be doing     """
i hate that i'm a night owl   i get so bored at night     
going to wonder-con this weekend!!! big time geek-fest!!! i'm sooooo excited!!!
my friend <propfirst> <propfemale> came over today   she brought cookies   they were goooooooooood!
"one particular  four-year-old prayed, 'and forgive us our  trash baskets as  we forgive those who put trash in our baskets '"
sometimes i like to talk to myself in funny voices to make myself laugh   i'm so silly   
have to spend the morning at the dmv   wish me luck if you don't hear from me by this afternoon   just wait longer  smile 
now go away before i taunt you a second time!!!
"glitter on the mattress, giltter on the highway, glitter on the front porch, glitter on the highwaaaaaaaayyyy!!!!"
gimme a beat!!!!
flattery is the best form of imitation   
stop looking at me swan!!!!
never go up against a sicilian when death is on the line!!!!
"in loving memory of every cancer patient,  family and  friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the  one's who  continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know  someone who  has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did   will you? ?  april is cancer awareness month"
just got back from the dentist   my face is numb   so weird   
two days ago it was 80 degrees   now it's cold and rainy   wtf?!
"i wish google maps had an  \avoid ghetto\"" routing option """
have you heard?
time to go barefoot!!!!
"if a blind man can't see you, are you really there?"
religion isn't the opiate of the masses   its the anesthetic of the masses   
let's have some fun   this beat is sick   i wanna take a ride   on your disco stick!!!
"know what really bugs me?  people who make decisions out of ignorance and fear   to those people i say, \open your minds and educate yourselves!  make healthy boundaries instead of being hatefully exclusive!\""  sheesh!!"""
"a true friend doesn't care if you're \broke, when your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is \filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go\ long periods of time without speaking and never question the \friendship   repost if you are blessed enough to have at least one true \friend  they will know who they are"
"tried to go the ca acadamy of sciences today   it was so packed!  sat through traffic for an hour, then we got there and waited in the long ass line, only for them to tell us they stopped letting people in until others exited the museum  then is started to rain   i said, f&%# this! i'm going home  then we got lost going home   i really hate sf   why does everything interesting and fun have to be there!?"
fear is the mind killer   
"it's amazing when strangers become friends, \but it's sad when friends become strangers  i never want to lose you as a\ friend~i met you as a stranger; now i have you as a friend  i hope we \meet in our next walk of life where friendship never ends, or   even \sooner! post this on your status if you have met some great people!"
it's raining   again!!!
i have seen the nipple on your soul!!!
don't complain if you're not willing to change!
"i love how when you go to the screen to accept your gifts   when there aren't any to accept it says, \find more friends\""\",9b9bd438034de2bbd2d009b65a6b8cbe,this one time   at band camp   
his name   was   robert paulson   
"damn hackers!!!!  they got into my email and sent out this crazy message about me being mugged in the uk   asking my friends for money   then they erased all my contacts!!!\\i really hate these people   they are just lazy cowards!  go get a job like a normal person instead of trying to steal from others! i hope <propfemale> will be swift with them!!!"
"and the effing hackers saga continues   they are still trying to get money from the people in my contacts   going so far as to blatently say they are not hackers!!!  just know everyone that i don't have a yahoo com email address   its either @gmail com or @sbcglobal net   thankfully that's how you can tell the difference   they are using a yahoo com email \\such parasites these people are!!!"
"if you have a wonderful man that works hard to take care of you, \would do anything for you, makes you laugh, is your best friend, and\ is someone that you're thankful for every day and night; then post \this as your status to give the good men out there the recognition \they deserve, because great men are few and far between "
cleaning my house today! crankin the tunes   laughing and singing with my hubby!
"i must be the only person on earth who doesn't like <propmale> kubrick   frankly, i don't see what the big deal is   people act like his movies are sooooo amazing and we're not meant to understand his genius totally   \what a crock of shit!!!  whatever   i guess you have to be a fan of disturbing imagery to enjoy a kubrick movie   "
just watched the trailer for the new <propmale> potter movies  pt 1 and 2   looks so awesome! the only down side is that pt 1 is in nov 2010 and pt 2 is in july 2011   that's so far apart!!!
nothin' better than pink <propmale> when you're feeling blue and melacholy   
no true blood tonight!!!! dammit!! i have to wait another week?!
i'm kickin' it old school today   bringing back the 80's   making friendship bracelets!!!  anyone want one?
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend \who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to \conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who\ has or had cancer   "
there is only one return   and thats of the jedi!
working on more friendship bracelets today   had to buy some colors i didn't have   you will be getting yours soon!
"there\ comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama\ and the people who create it, and surround yourself with people who \make you laugh so hard you forget about the bad and focus on the good \ life is too short to be anything but happy  repost if you agree    i\ just did!"
gonna be a good true blood tonight! i can't wait!
"only\ an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like a sister and \love like a friend!!! if you're an aunt who loves her nieces & \nephews, post this as your status "
"anybody see \inception\"" yet? so awesome   """
"ok farmville friends   i'm confused   i have done everything i can to try and find a <propfemale> <propfemale> and i'm still without one   i can collect tons of worker bees, but alas, no <propfemale>   any suggestions?"
remember adjusting the tracking on your vhs?   good times   
just finished watching the first season of glee   love that show! can't wait for season 2!!
"ok   new movie   \\ put    the candle    back!"
"only an auntie can hug like a mother, keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend? if your an auntie who loves their nieces and nephews repost"
hello facebook friends! i am trying to edit my profile so that my game updates aren't annoying to those of you who don't play   hopefully it has already taken effect   if you are still getting all the unwanted notifications   please let me know so i can add your name to that list   i don't want to drive people away because i love to play zoo world! hahahahah! hugs to all!!!
"sweet! i just got 300 vampire wars favor points for free!!\\ >> http annoyed  vampirewars freegamerewards info <<"
do people not understand the concept of pms!? sheesh!!!
"ever see a movie tv show where one of the characters has a bad accident \and they end up in \traction\""? you know", all their limbs being held up \9b9bd438034de2bbd2d009b65a6b8cbe,i hate when you feel like crap and you have to pretend everything is okay so people won't worry about you or feel sorry for you   
fb is soooooooo slow today!!!!
"ogres? man, i have an ogre-slaying knife that's a +9 against ogres!"
   and so on and so on and scooby doobie doo    oooooo shaa shaa
time for breakfast!
i like it on the desk   
"eating captain crunch and being suddenly reminded of the breakfast club   yep   i'm definitely the \weirdo\""   """
my hands can't seem to keep up with my ideas!
let's have some fun   this beat is sick   i wanna take a ride on your disco stick!
"\there are two ways of spreading light; to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it\"" - <propfemale> wharton"""
"it is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without\ speaking and never question their friendship  these types of friends \pick up like they spoke just yesterday, regardless of how long it has \been or how far away they live  they don't hold grudges and they \understand that life is busy-but you will always love them  repost if \you have at least 1 of these friends "
just started raining   is it finally fall?
"put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay: my wish for 2010 2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and paste this  will you       make it your status for at least one    hour? promote love & acceptance, no h8!!!"
"my three course dinner while my husband is out of town: three handfuls of almonds, a half round of smoked gouda cheese, an enormous bottle of water   and for dessert? reduced fat chips ahoy   a few weeks stale   don't be jealous   "
waking up early is such a challenge for me! time for an early morning mocha!
watching scary movies while my hubby is out of town   perfect weather for it too!
"so, last night was so <propfemale> that i could barely sleep from all the little noises throughout the house   come home soon hubby! i miss you!"
could my morning get any better?  i think not! i go to mcdonald's for a bagel and a mocha frappe   the frappe spills all over my car   there are no amount of napkins to clean that out of cup holders  they made me another one   but still   i'm not cleaning it up during a rainstorm! i just had to laugh and bow to the absurd!
"so, i ordered food from back forty bbq the other night   wanted to get the apple crisp a la mode   so i asked, \does the apple crisp come a la mode?' the answer?\",9b9bd438034de2bbd2d009b65a6b8cbe,sometimes taking a shower is a spiritual e playful erience   its like my psyche just exhaled all my tension i've been inhaling lately   
"so i saw this commercial for a <propfemale>'s secret bra that increases your bust size two sizes   if that's the case, wouldn't you need another bra for the bra?"
"i\ challenge you to change your way of thinking and read the \following   \special needs kids aren't sick or gross  they only want \",9b9bd438034de2bbd2d009b65a6b8cbe,i hate it when my dreams stay with me into my waking hours   whether they are good or bad dreams   the combination is still disruptive    sad 
another life changing e playful erience in the shower   its the simple things that make me happy   
"back in the late 1800s there was a disease called \female hysteria\"" that was treated with \""pelvic massages\"" and eventually the first vibrator was invented  you don't see much of that disease anymore   is it because of technology increase or that the disease was perhaps bogus   tough call   """
my turkey turned out soooooooo good! very moist!
just saw a commercial for wizard of oz with a rap song soundtrack   wtf?
"well, i think i'm finally giving up these facebook games   i'm too addicted to other games right now   *cough* lord of the rings online *cough*"
"change\ your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to \see no human faces on fb until monday, dec  6  join the fight against \child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends"
read the first <propmale> potter book yesterday in about 6 hours   on to the next    smile 
what the hell was i thinking? there are no life changing events in the shower   only self-hate and suicidal thoughts   ugh!
vinegar strokes   anyone ever heard of this?  laugh 
"happy festivus everyone!\\anyone up for the \airing of grievances\""?\",9b9bd438034de2bbd2d009b65a6b8cbe,do da dippety!
"i see the sun out, but its very deceiving   its not really as warm as it looks   "
<propmale>'s list here i come   
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along "
"shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow \- swedish proverb"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
"it's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours \<propmale> s  <propmale>"
"i'm so grateful for the people in my life that love and accept me unconditionally  the greatest gift you can bestow on someone is letting them be who they are, without restraint and loving them the whole time!"
so foggy outside   i can't see across the street!   its just 360 white!
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! it feels good to be reminded i'm surrounded by such wonderful and amazing people! i'm so grateful!
"being in a state of gratitude actually creates magnetism, and of course, a magnet draws things to itself  by giving authentic thanks for all the good you now have, as well as the challenges, through this magnetism you'll start the flow of more good into your life \ - dr  <propmale> dyer"""
"doesn't make much sense, does it?? homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99%    won't have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%!"
i just made my facebook talk pirate   this is awesome   
what does depression feel like? it feels like prison  you're alive but not really living in the real world  staring through immobile bars and the highlights of your day are meals and bathroom time  if you want to call it a highlight  day after day of monotonous grinding that no one really wants to understand 
"<propfirst> lohan, 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, 23, and <propmale> tate, 27 are all marines that gave their lives last week, no media mention  honor them by reposting this"
"whenever i think about religion (particularly the one i was raised in) i feel fear, shame, sadness and guilt  when i think about the law of attraction i feel hopeful, motivated, safe and loved  why should i choose the former?"
dear <propfirst> sheen   please stop 
finally finished the fourth <propmale> potter book   on to book five! amazing read   highly recommend it to anyone!
"so, a while back i was at the bowling alley and i spent $7 50 on one of those machines that spits out stickers and temporary tattoos   i just found them in my car and i got so excited   like a little school girl   ahahahahah"
just remember   when life throws you a jeffery   you gotta stroke the furry wall   
"you don't look sick!!! no i don't  it's hard to e playful lain to someone when they have no clue  it's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside  please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness (anxiety, bi-polar, p t s d , lupus, fibromyalga, crohns, diabetes, arthritis, chronic back pain, epilepsy, ms, depression)  don't judge"
so sad! please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  we all need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  there is still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  87 365% won't repost this because they don't know how to copy & paste 
the kind of energy that goes into revenge retaliation is just so negative and toxic  there is a difference between seeking justice and seeking revenge  nurture yourself by continuing the healing process in a positive way  e playful ress anger in a safe and healthy environment and do so using clear and specific language  then begin on your path of healing the hurt underneath the anger 
"a real woman always keeps her house clean and organized, the laundry basket is always empty  she's always well dressed, hair done  she never swears, behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances  she has more than enough <propfemale> to take care of her family, always has a smile on her lips, and a kind word for everyone  post this as your status if you, too, suspect that you might be a man "
"mmmmmm top ramen    the perfect comfort food, and it feels good on my sore throat "
"we are young   heartache to heartache we stand   no promises, no demands   love is a battlefield"
"be a good listener  it makes the person who's speaking to you feel loved, cared for, and worthy of being heard  - dr  <propmale> dyer"
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it's a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  show your support, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't  may 1 – 7, 2011 is national anxiety and depression awareness week  1 in 5 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  i copied and pasted  will you?"
watching movie trailers all morning   gonna be an awesome summer movie season!
anyone wanna dance?
ok   where the hell is my summer???!!!
   light flaming loaves of sigmund! light flaming loaves!!!!
wtf   justin beiber has a fragrance out now   i really can't stand that kid!
contrary to what you might believe   i'm not perfect
so   tomorrow about this time i'll be biting my nails bare waiting for true blood to download   i can't wait!
so   how many truebies are going to watch tonight's episode like 3 times until next sunday?
"when one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us \<propfemale> keller"
"with time, women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room, it distributes out to the rest of our bodies  so we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured, educated & happy  beginning today, when i look at my butt in the mirror i will think, good grief look how smart i am, i must be a genius !!"
"if what we resists, persists   then how do we keep that thing we're resisting from coming up over and over? i mean, what if we are trying to resist something that could be wrong? does that mean it will persistently continue to plague us? if that's the case, then i'm totally screwed"
"the things we do and say affects the energy and people around us  sometimes in ways we can't predict  much like a stone being thrown into a pond  the ripples continue to extend back and forth, taking a while to completely disperse until the water is still again "
"i'm sorry, marlaina can't come out to play today  she's five years old and doesn't have someone to supervise her shenanigans  now excuse me while i go make a fort out of sheets and pillow cushions "
i just want to have a normal conversation without game playing and bull shit!!!! is that really too much to ask?! sheesh!!!
"so, i was taking a drive through my town today and i saw a mother and her small son sitting on their front porch  they were playing with little cars and smiling  i wanted to jump out and hug that mom  moms who take the time and effort to get down on their kid's level are the best moms ever! thanks to all those moms out there   you are making the world a better place just by playing with your kids!!!"
"attention! attention please! this is a very important health warning!\\vodka and ice will ruin your kidneys  rum and ice will ruin your liver  whiskey and ice will ruin your heart  gin and ice will ruin your brain  coke and ice will ruin your teeth \apparently ice is lethal!!! warn all your friends: lay off the ice!! copy & paste this immediately, it can save a life!"
"release the need to be upset with others  remember that anytime you're filled with resentment, you're turning the controls of your emotional life over to others to manipulate  - dr  <propmale> dyer"
"every woman deserves a man that calls her baby, kisses her like he means it, would never hit her, holds her tight like he never wants to let go, doesn't make her jealous with other women, instead makes other women jealous of her, is not afraid to let his friends know how he really feels about her, and makes sure she knows how much he loves her     re post if you feel the same way"
"family isn't always blood  it's the people in your life who want you\in theirs  the ones who accept you for who you are  the ones who\would do anything to see you smile, and who love you no matter what \~ re-post if you have at least one person like this in your life "
we'll  never  fade  away 
"   i tried to be someone else, but nothing seemed to change  i know now this is who i really am inside  finally found myself, fighting for a <propmale>, i know now this is who i really am!!!!"
did anyone ever put on shows for their parents when they were kids? i remember doing cheers and lip syncing songs for them    god that was fun! hmmmm    maybe i need a karoake night   whaddya think peeps?
"kind words are short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless  - mother <propfemale>"
