8145246a6b51f3842d5a2a5f69d66b76
"can't sleep, dont want to eat, nothing on tv   argh"
happy new year!
"today's game     middle name only! everyone play along if you'd like  you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this to your <propfemale>, and put your middle name at the end of this sentence   louise"
"baby update: starting to dilate now, so about a week if that so says my dr  everythings going good, just hope i get everything done in time lol procrastination is such a horrible habit !"
"sometimes the mountain youve been climbing is just a grain of sand, and what youve been out there searching for forever, is in your hand, and when you figure out love is all that matters after all, it sure makes everything else seem so small   (carrie underwood) i think that pretty much says it all, we take life for granted, when everyday is truly a miracle we need to be thankful were blessed to have  happy easter"
"a piece of me is now in heaven, we lost our angel on earth, but they gained a beautiful baby there  she touched so many lives while she was here, including saving ours  she will be missed beyond words  a piece of both of our hearts is now gone, and i'm still trusting in god to get us through this, please keep praying for my family "
"thank you to everyone who came to the service today, everyone was appreciated and we want to thank everyone for everything they did and please keep praying for us "
i've got sunshine on a cloudy day    c'mon <propfemale> help me out   
"it's been a pretty good mothers day, i woke up to kisses from my <propfirst> bear and (smacked in the face ) lol with a card he signed himself  miss my lil glo worm but i know shes with me always    all things considered it was a pretty good day "
"god is great, but sometimes life ain't good when i pray it doesn't always turn out like i think it should but i do it anyway   i do it anyway-martina mcbride"
<propfirst> bear was sick last night  sad  it was heffalump movie all night   over and over and over thank god for dvd's lol
"bring me two pina coladas   gotta have one for each hand lets all set sail with captain <propfirst>    and never leave dry land! oh that <propmale> <propmale>, what an inspiration lol"
i wish the real world would just stop hasselin' me!-matchbox 20
fishies! yay for sacrifical fish! they made it!
ready for 2010 to start getting better and redeem itself
ya know how i said i was waiting for 2010 to redeem itself   ha big fat dissapointment yet again!! gallstones   i just love that i'm gonna die feeling    its wonderful!! btw no i'm not bitter no not at all just trieng to figure out where the voodoo doll is with my name on it and who the heck keeps poking it!! argh!!
and it just keeps getting better   
so its official as of the 24th   gallbladder   gone! not thrilled    > sad  however   pain will cease     smile  just please pray for me  annoyed 
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars, i could really use a wish right now   - <propfemale> <propmale>"
happy fathers day to all the daddies  smile 
"darn you tide, you get me everytime   tennille   you know what i mean  sad "
goodbye gallbladder   we had a good 23 years together   but then you turned on me   so you gotta go   
"postponed, so maybe i'll keep ya for a little while longer   "
"the sun and the sand and a drink in my hand, with no bottom    no shoes no shurt no problems    8 days and counting   "
happy birthday to me!
thank you to everyone for all my wonderful birthday wishes!  smile 
"kung fu panda with <propfirst>, his first trip to the movies went pretty well! lunch with mom, and dinner and eclipse with my wonderful husband   its been a pretty good day i must say!"
"great day, family, friends, food, fireworks    all around good 4th of july celebration, even though it is the 3rd  smile "
great 4th of july weekend! only 2 more days til the beach! cant wait!
oh tuesday! you feel like monday!   blah! o well good thing thursday feels like beach time! just a couple days left    however now its pancake time  smile 
heading to the beach  smile 
"back   beach was nice, but i missed my baby boy  smile "
"every single one of you are on my friends list as the result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also as family!!! lets see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching    to see who really is    i <propfemale> my friendships"
"<propfirst> bear has been sick, and angry    i have been sick   and angry lol and i accidently left my dog out all night on the porch   so far not been the greatest week hoping for a better day today "
"rice-a-roni the san <propfirst> treat! pizza hut   making it great!! milk, does a body good! oh how i love old commercials! cooking rice a <propfemale> and made me think of them when i started singing the song!"
"so all is better now, eddies still not feeling great but i'm talking to his doc monday  i on the other hand just had a bite that apprently got infected    hurt really bad, looked really bad but dont worry nothing a huge needle in the buttocks couldnt fix!  annoyed "
oh monday                             
"fish sticks, french fries, chocolate milk and a banana    a 2 year olds dream dinner! yummy!"
"good friends, new friends and one adorable baby! sunday was pretty good all around "
"<propfirst> lohan,24, gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail  <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26,<propfirst> <propmale>, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, 23, and <propmale> tate, 27, are    all marines    that gave their lives this week! honor them by reposting this "
"every saint has a past, every sinner has a future   "
"if god can forgive, then who am i to not?"
"started out the evening with good friends, good food   then rigged up <propfirst>'s broken power wheels tractor to the lawnmower battery   a lil later 4 wheeler tag in the woods    in the dark   ending the night with <propfirst> the exterminator it was redneck heaven    in the words of <propfirst> urban    \who wouldnt wanna be me?\"""""
"ok, so just got back from the er with eddie   yikes 15 stitches, however he is doing great    looks pretty bad but hes fine, by the time we left the hospital he was high fiving the dr's and smiling so   he was a trooper through the whole thing, my poor baby! he's so tough!!"
all is well   chuggington and waffles    smiling and laughing   smile  doesnt even act like he has a frankenstein stitch on his face    like nothing ever happened    i'm so glad!
"i loved you the minute you were born, then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old but i knew i would die for you and to this day i still would ? put this on your status if you have children you love more than life!!!"
got a hot date tonight  wink 
good weekend!
"attention!!!!!!!!!!do not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\"" it is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos  this was on fox news at 5  please copy and post!!! let's keep our children safe!! (please take a minute to copy & paste  )"""
visiting <propfemale> today!  smile 
"so just when i thought we were going to make it through 2010 with no further horrible events     my poor 15 year old dog died yesterday    rip <propfemale>, shes lived through alot     i am sooooooooooo ready for 2011      crying "
"sick of being sick!! o well, just me the tv and <propmale> sparks tonight    the last song and dear <propfirst> havnt seen em yet, tissues will be handy   "
"sitting in my bedroom at 2 smile 0 in the morning listening to my <propfirst> ( literally) <propfirst> old cassette tapes    i feel like im 15 again! lol and these questions still <propfemale> in the balance    what if god was one of us?, who will save your soul?, i believe i can fly and i do not get down on the first night    hahahaha sorry guys just couldnt resist  smile "
"faith and <propfemale> are together again tonight, i will not say rest in peace because i know after all the sleep those babies got, <propfemale>, faith, <propmale> and kayden are playing right now and having fun  smile  love you <propfirst> and <propfemale>, see you guys soon "
"soooo     lots of alone time for me this coming week due to the fair   maybe that could result in a clean house! or it could just be me, popcorn, chick flicks and the couch    hmmm     lots to do either way lol"
funniest thing just happened    my dog just realized we have fish! we have had them for 6 months    just now she realizes they are there and is staring at them with great concern! hahaha its the little things!
<propfemale>'s roadhouse    hillarious! insane    but hillarious!
i like it on the kitchen counter
<propfemale>    great great movie!
"just finished \the shack\""    great book"""
just finished <propfemale> in wonderland    strangest movie i have ever seen    and i love it! and even though he is so very odd    i love my <propfirst>    oh so so much!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would \you say to me? leave me a comment  then copy and paste this in your \status and see what funny things your friends say (and if you make a \comment, you have to put this in your status  fair is fair!"
"woke up today to a new channel called hub, great kids cartoons during the day and i just watched the pilot for doogie howser! wow lol its the little things"
wish house was on    house always makes me feel better
i love sons of anarchy! they always keep me on the edge of my seat!
has dried mud caked in my hair    o well had fun getting it there!
"post this as your status and see what people love about you  \i love that you're______________\""?  smile """
excited about friday!
"hot dogs, smores hay ride and a movie   good friends   great night    bonfire tonight   get him to the greek    all in all     pretty good weekend!"
soooo    apparently not getting your gallbladder taken out when the dr tells you to results in pacreatitus   sooooo gallbladder is being removed thursday at 9 smile 0    for real this time! btw sittin in the hospital is no fun  annoyed 
soooooo happy to be home and finally see my boo boo   i was having <propfirst> withdrawal   thank you all so very much for prayers and thoughts   
"thankful just to be here   even if today has sucked   just a little lol    could always be worse, that has been my motto this year    although sometimes   that hasnt been the case   but whatever keep smiling and pushing on right?! at least i have had a good time with <propfirst> today and sons comes on tonight   there is always a silver lining    or as iv said already   sometimes   lol"
"feeling a lil better so maybe today will be a better day    just me n <propfirst> tonight thanks to the crown, might hit up the redbox later      smile "
the freedom to eat pain free is beautiful! good riddens gallbladder!! you will not be missed!! lol
happy veterans day!
oh monday   
"today was a good day, me and <propfirst> got to <propfemale> out with aunt tennille!   or uncle nille    haha sorry bout that btw at least he got the name right!"
cant wait for black friday    my 2nd favorite time of the year! christmas of course takes #1
"ok, so its been two hours   when is this cold medicine supposed to kick in? oh    and hour and a half ago?! epic fail!!!"
happy turkey day! thankful for my family today    and cant wait for 3 am!
epic success! black friday has been stupendous all around!!
"sooo    black friday   turned out    really really good all around! wii boxing tournament last night, and ill have you all know that i may seem little but i can take on the pros     darn <propmale>     anyways! so cold has gotten worse and cant talk now, voice is completely gone    but hey    itll come back   right? lol"
"ahhhh bout to freak out!! really want this horrible whatever i have to go away, still cant talk so im whispering at everyone and for all my other symptoms none of the meds are working!!"
"sooooo now that i have antibiotics for the two different infections    im feeling a <propfemale> bit better    good lord when will it end?! i think i have said this before, but whoever has the voodoo doll really really is pissing me off!! stop poking it!"
absolute best season finale ever! sons was awesome tonight!!
nothing makes you feel good quite like country music    ok maybe thats just me   
ice is falling from the sky aahhhh!! lol
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face until monday, december 6th  join the fight \against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same "
i don't need an angel on my christmas tree  i already have one in heaven looking down on me          put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas    
"if you know someone who has lost a child, and you're afraid to mention \them because you think you might make them sad by reminding them that \they died--you're not reminding them  they didn't forget they died  what\you're reminding them of is that you remembered that they lived, and \   that is a great gift  ~ <propfemale> edwards    thanks joy i love this!"
excited   spending the day with my bestie  smile 
"i do not get into the political opinions and other things on here, but this is just straight up wrong and i dont care who it is that died i dont care if its the devil himself ya know what? god handles these things and we dont need to    westboro is insane and need to be stopped somehow    its just wrong, and it is no ones place to punish anyone, for any reason "
ok peoples    i need a good covered dish recipe   i know you got em      smile 
blackberry merlot is oh so tasty   
"ok, so im watching <propfirst> st  cloud tonight   tissues will be handy   "
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one,to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status ?"
gotta love christmas!
celebrating christmas w  my bestie today! i love the month of december!
"so   my boo boo is o so sick, got 3 different meds including an antibiotic, steroid and motrin hoping he gets to feeling better soon  sad "
just made the list of everything i need to do before tomorrow and its literally 2 pages   omg   eddie bears getting better though and i am very thankful for that
"so not the greatest day   found out the hard way my son is allergic to orapred   thankfully he is doing better now   another night of sleeping on his floor for me   please pray for him and for us to not get sick as well, its trieng to go around  sad "
   my christmas <propfemale> has already gone great thanks to my wonderful husband   and tommorrow is gonna be even better when <propfirst> wakes up! <propfemale> christmas everybody  smile 
"so <propfirst> loved all of his presents and everyone coming to see him, but at 3 smile 0 we gave our sick little boy the best christmas gift ever!   we let him go to sleep and hes still sound asleep   ahh well we have lots of new toys and movies to play with and watch tonight i guess : )"
yay! its finally snowing! hope its still here in the morning  smile 
"in <propfemale>, but not yet warm <propmale>  smile  thank god 2010 is almost over, peace out fb til 2011!"
"home again, had a great week with great friends   brought in 2011 at epcot in disneyworld   awesome!  smile "
lots to do today   but i really wanna go back to bed   
"eddies 3rd birthday party was great! i love the toys for 3 year olds, they are so much fun   but its hard to believe that my baby is gonna be 3 on thursday  sad "
my baby made snow angels all over the yard and it was the most adorable thing  smile 
"preppy girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, prissy girls come from california  but we north <propfemale> girls have fire and ice in our blood! we can ride four wheelers, drive trucks, be a <propfemale>, throw left hooks, pack heat, fish with the boys, bake a cake, love with passion, and if we have an opinion       you know you're going to hear it  repost if you are proud to be a north <propfemale> girl!"
at 9 smile 3am 3 years ago today my baby boy was born!! happy birthday <propfirst> bear!!
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met, or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby the majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all our precious angels "
i refuse to be a gemini   i have been a crab for 24 years   this is stupid   not that it matters anyways   bunch of nonsense
"ok so, not sure of what all my friends were notified of    i wouldnt give my husband the remote and apparently he took it out on my profile by hacking into it   lol never a dull moment"
lost a friend today   sucks but i am commited to being drama free in 2011
"i am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation i may be; for i have also learned from e playful erience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances  \<propfemale> washington"
"facebook doesnt hurt people, people with facebook hurt people  i have been on both sides, but there is no one to blame but ourselves "
"thankful for my husband, love him more all the time and in the words of <propmale> <propfirst> \this aint nothin\"" thankful for my best friend who i would be lost without and for old friends who make me smile when im down and for new ones who make me laugh hysterically with their great stories lol   all in all this has been an enlightening and tough weekend but happy to say i got all need right here with me  smile """
"my life since april 21st 2010    \even on my weakest days i get a little bit stronger\""-sara evans"""
"if your dad was a hard working man and was your hero, helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad  you can replace a lot of people , but you only have one dad  i'm very very proud of mine   i love my daddy"
my favorite thing about pirate english on here is that it says such and such shots of rum ago    omg its great lol ( its the little things)   
whats up with all these babies? lol like 5 people had babies from wednesday to friday    guess may was a busy month   hahaha i crack myself up   but seriously congratulations to every one of them!
has anyone noticed that pirate english sounds alot like redneck slang    just saying    guess that makes me a pirate after all!  smile 
"busy weekend, super excited our anniversary is thursday   dinner and bowling with friends saturday and of course scotts super bowl party sunday   woo hoo"
"oh sangria, you are oh so good to me  smile "
"10 years ago today i said \sure why not\"" to someone who made me laugh   5 years ago today i decided to spend the rest of my life with him   ups downs and in betweens hes still the only one for me  smile  uoy evol i happy anniversary!"""
"hangin' out with great people tonight   looking forward to it, but not to tomorrow morning      wink "
"been a great week, but super sleepy now   peace out fb  smile "
so its not a snow day after all   but me and <propfirst> are treating it like one neways   spongebob and oreo cookies    ahhh doesnt get better than that   haha and before i get hate messages we did eat honeybunches of oats for breakfast!! lol
"so excited watching old cartoon intros from when i was a kid   if you recognize these consider yourself awesome!    the wuzzles, dumbos circus, under the umbrella tree, eurekas castle, gummi bears, my little pony (tails), tale spin, darkwing duck, bonkers,kids incorporated,the popples, jem    oh the list goes on and on     "
oops forgot to mention   care bears the series and <propfirst> brothers and <propfemale> toon adventures    
"   ok im really done now but if you remember wake, rattle and roll   you are truly one of the most awesome people i know   "
"omg great weekend   beautiful weather, tiff's slumber party was fun   great hanging out with great old friends and made some new ones   and my wonderful husband is cooking me breakfast           great weekend"
layin in the sun for a while  smile  sooooooooo nice outside!
"\i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this\""-b o b """
cant wait to be covered in mud tomorrow   its been soooooooo long!  smile 
oh busco   my home away from home where everyone is part of one big redneck family    lol
"so a few peope have asked me about, and are having trouble getting to my blog so heres a link for you guys   ps to start from the beginning you have to start in august    www valorie-justbeginning blogspot com"
i havnt been watching american idol but i had the tv to myself tonight and all i can say is <propmale> is amazing! and <propfirst> durbin   omg!
ok so <propfirst> is pretty amazing too   but he kinda scared me just a <propmale> with that performance   lol
i got a feeling   that todays gonna be a great day!  smile 
anybody want a lab mix puppy dont want her to go to animal control so if anyones interested please let me know  smile 
"sibling war!!! copy this if you are the good child, best looking and smartest of your siblings  if this stands an hour without your brothers & sisters protesting, it's so true! bahaha  wink \( i give this a few seconds before <propmale> comments hahaha)"
"i heard jesus, he drank wine and i bet we'd get along just fine, he could calm a storm and heal the blind and i bet he'd understand a heart like mine\   \these are the days that i will remember\when my name’s called on the roll\he’ll meet me with two long-stemmed glasses\make a toast to me coming home-miranda lambert"
so excited   cant wait for tomorrow  smile 
"clean house, check   laundry done, check   eddie asleep,check   myrtle beach tomorrow   check check  smile "
asap= act swiftly awesome pacaderm! haha love it
"redbox is the best - you can rent dvds for $1 a night with no membership fees! you should try it out  if you click on my link and it's your first time renting online, they'll give you a free one-night online rental credit  and i’ll get a free rental each time you rent via my link through 3 17 11  http annoyed  redbox tellapal com a clk hd9zn"
"happy st patrick's day, happy birthday gator! taking <propfirst> to his first hockey game tonight   maybe the fireants will get lucky and win haha"
omg! zumba aint no damn joke! i only made it a minute and half before feeling like i was gonna die! lol im workin on it though!    ugh lol
rain rain go away   thats what im screamin this weekend! hopefully its <propfemale> and warm   not rainy and cold! boo!
"off to my home away from home super early in the am    gonna get into lots of mud out in the woods, no facebooking   peace out til monday  wink "
rained out today   womp womp  sad 
"theres a river in my front yard   dark rainy day good for sleeping mmm   but seeing as thats out of the question, i guess its good for cleaning and cartoons instead  smile "
happy april fools! haha
"cause i may be bad, but i'm perfectly good at it! haha"
"i'v talked to friends, talked to myself, talked to god, i'v prayed like hell, but i still miss you, i tried sober, i tried drinking, iv been strong and iv been weak and i still miss you, iv done everything like im supposed to, id give anything for one more minute with you, i still miss you    <propfirst> <propmale>"
"sometimes all it takes is laughing so hard your sides hurt and you start to cry with someone to remind you why you love em so much in the first place, cause at that moment   nothing else matters"
so this wednesday is trieng its best to be a monday      ugh!
"good old north <propfemale>  where the tea is sweet and accents are sweeter  summer starts in april (we hope), front porches are wide and words are long  macaroni and cheese is a vegetable, y'all is a proper pronoun  chicken is fried and biscuits come with gravy  everyone is <propfemale> and someone is always getting their hearts blessed  repost if you are proud to be from north <propfemale>"
"a good mom thinks about her children day & night, even when they're grown  a good mom loves her children in a way they'll never understand  a good mom will be there for her children when no one else will  a good mom would take a bullet, stand in front of a train, & ask god to take her instead of her child  if you have a child that you love this much, post this as your status    to both my children  i love you"
