496a945e9ab847520635e1ba7e0750e8
nyc cops need badges that don't look like they came out of a cereal box   
anyone know of any apartments availbale in nyc?  (i know its a long shot - just putting it out there )
stupid <propfemale> corbusier paper
still no paper but plenty of coffee!
gotta knit more caution    what does that even mean?
paper to write    animation to finish   waiting for rendering to complete   its been a rough couple of days 
i hate papers that seem exciting at first and then you start writing them and they are utter crap and due tomorrow 
"i finally finished!!!  paper in, all final reviews done! check! check!! check!!! check!!!!   now what am i going to do with myself?"
to all my kentucky people:  i'm back!
heading back to nyc   goodbye kentucky   sorry to all my kentucky people i didn't get to see - i was extra busy with family this year 
is excited to finally organize the boxes of crap that have been stacked in the corner of my room   yay ikea!  and the tub drain is finally being cleared!  yay super <propfirst>!
yay spring break!!!!  anyone know of a good place to go into the <propmale> not to far out of nyc?
"heat not on, no hot water in the shower, and no food in the house   i see no reason to get out of bed "
this city is drunk!  and green!
"does anyone know a good, cheap dentist in new york?"
the super scary super of my building just yelled at me for other people's cigarette butts in the trees outside of my apartment   i'm very tired of being scolded for things i don't do 
needs toothpicks
aleck is making me a bicycle!  i'm marginally sunburned from the beach and i still have a delicious cocktail in my hand   i can't wait to ride in the heat wave that has engulfed the atlantic seaboard   it's summer for crissakes!
french fries smothered in cheese sauce with a side of ice cream makes a delicious dinner
headed back to the beach!!!  hurrah!
anyone want to go with me to <propfirst> nest in the bronx to do a site visit today or tomorrow?
on a bus back to new york   philly is a very nice place to visit   it's so quiet!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!  if i didn't get to see you tonight i hope i get to see you soon!
"back in new york and happy to have humidity again   weird, i know "
riding off into the sunset     sunset park that is 
i hope that you aren't driving?
i'm sick of being sick!
