6e8358ec6eb3790806106c31c493b4aa
damn still a little tired from last nights party! it was a good one! there were 3 fight   well they didnt brake out so no biggie!
nope! lol but im gonna start goin to west shore in january! what u studying for?
banks r too easy  a movie sounds harder for mexicans! since were so loud n crap! lol
dude   taco <propfemale> sounds pretty good right about now  stupid commercial  see what you do!
well    today was disappointing  
thought today was gonna suck! well it did a little bit   but it wasnt as bad!
everything is ok in the end   if its not ok  then its not the end!
if the world didn't suck   we'd all fall off! put that in yopur pipe and smoke it! : )
"people who can play guitar, bass, or drums! let me know "
"hey guys  i kinda broke my phone  so i got a new one  \\here's my number   just send me a text saying it's you  231-450-3291"
"people are not against you, they are merely for themselves "
sweet!! class canceled!
3 smile 0 class canceled     so either wait around until 4 smile 0 for last class   or go home   what do you guys think?
"1 more <propmale> project, then its 11 sketches  good thing my imagination sucks  (note the sarcasm)"
shouldn't of slacked on my drawings    finishing up my perspectice   then onward to my sketchbook   kinda sleepy  
it's hard to know where you're going when you don't know where to start 
goodnite everybody!!
"whew    tired   gotta slow my role when i dance   my cuzin <propfirst>, my bro <propfirst>, and i burn the dance floor up"
i come to earth when mars is boring!!
"if you get knocked down by someone who you think has something over you, but you get back up   who has more strength?"
finishing up my essay   still gotta do my drawing project   good thing i don't procrastinate 
yea!! started my 20 <propfemale> essay! fudge yea   ugh   this is gonna suck
"baby i could bless you and you aint even sneezin, i could have you dreaming and you aint even sleeping, ill be at your rescue and you dont even need me "
sociology exam is gonna suck
gonna go play some halo live   anybody wanna lose?
anybody know how to play drums? or knows somebody that can  well someone that can actuallyy play  let me know
look snow! wish i had a flamethrower!
"(falling face down on the floor) \break time\"""""
broke 1 500 song downloads!! yes!! still need more! haha
"yea  i just dropped a powerade in a store  and it spilled all over the floor  i looked around, and saw nobody was looking, so i picked it up, put it back in the refrigerator, grab another, and walked away!"
dude   i can make a killer grilled sandwhich  haha
<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope everyone got what they wanted!
"anybody know how to play drums?\\any girls know how to sing? more towards the rock side of singing "
"what would you do if i told you i had a dream? if i told you everything? would you tell me to go back to sleep?\\asking <propfemale>! one of the best bands ever "
dude   i can own fools on need for speed undercover  too bad its just computers  anybody play this game?
"yea  \\idk  i just got bored and felt like posting something dumb  mission accomplishedn"
hungry howies pizza!!!!!
so  now i know wishes really are fake   
in my last class for the day  super!  
i kinda want waffles!!
one day ill make a song that makes angels cry 
so   i think i'll buy some dontus after i pic my bro up  freak yea!! haha
so   i hit a deer on the way to hart  good thing there wasn't any damage on my car  don't worry people   the diet was fine 
feels good to be back home 
"just one more hour till class, then it's 3 hours in that class  yipee  note sarcasm"
"kinda feels like i went to bed here at west shore, cus im here again  what the eff  haha"
so  i had class  but i finished all my work already  so i dont have to go  freak yea  ive got 2 hours to burn 
"yea  gonna go get some new glasses, cus the ones i have now are crap! haha"
ok guys   i need a bad a name for my husky puppy  she's a chic btw 
"so i was on my way to buy a new tire for my car, when the spare goes flat  what the eff dude!!!"
"hope you ain't too tired to cry, and i hope you know you ain't never too alive to die"
