e0ecb46ac89e9a73adb93e913ffcdf6b
yaplflack
"wow  i now remember why i never clean my room anymore  i've found like 17 left shoes, 2 rights, and 2 pairs  like six musical instruments, a small library of books, and my personal favorite, a shower curtain  how did that get in here? on the plus side, in one of the five wallets i found, there was forty bucks "
yay! i have an icee!
well i feel like crap right now  although i'm catching up on school stuff  it sucks too 
"rawr  sprachfest like, fried my brain  although we did win first in ensemble, and 19 awards for brandeis  huzzah!"
ever have one of those 'i fail at life' kind of days?
chemistry sucks 
i can't figure out how to switch out of pirate english here     and i keep clicking buttons that i don't know what they mean because of it   
"evidently, they sell three varieties of whips at disney world  does anyone else find this a little    wrong?"
"if you throw a slushie out the window while driving, and it kills another driver, is that man slaughter or littering?"
"so my breakfast today consisted of a 24 ounce monster, a bag of cheetohs, and a twix bar  breakfast of champions, right?"
"i just put a knife in the fridge and a stick of butter in the silverware drawer    and for some reason, that seems like a good summation of my day, although i'm not positive why "
isn't it weird how little things can make you inceredibly happy? oh! and that i never post status updates and now i've got two in one day! huzzah for that  i feel more talented now  but i still don't know how i put the butter in the silverware drawer 
it's parrot tail tuesday!
that old spice commercial with the guy holding the diamonds that turn into horses and on a horse just came on and suddenly brightened my day 
"appearently, while you can't own a canadian, the rest of us are all up for grabs  however, i think that with enough money, even our northern neighbors can be puchased  but i can't imagine for the life of me why anyone would want to buy a canadian in specific anyways "
"alrighty  i feel better now  something about fire pits just helps sometimes, you know?"
this is my third update today    anyways  i just remembered something incredibly obscure from elementary school  oh! and i finally torched my biology binder! that thing made me want to punch a baby last year 
"word of warning- remove all fireworks before starting a fire in a fire pit, lest you scare the hell out of yourself when a random rainbow colored flaming ball of evil shoots out making a loud, scary hissing noise and zooming right by you "
"you ever watch a movie you loved when you were little like, ten years later and realize that in reality, it was an extremely crappy movie?"
"*sigh* i've been listening to this damn song for an hour and i'm going a little crazy  i just can't get it out of my brain, and for some reason i can't memorize the lyrics "
"the old spice \i'm on a horse\"" guy landed a role in a movie  i think i'll have to see it because of him """
"our <propmale> festival thing went surprsingly well  i was ready for chaos  it was also pretty fun, at least for myself "
"i really can't stand mrs  <propmale>  does anyone have the prompt for the <propmale> caesar paper? brutus or <propmale>  they're the same thing, just with a name change "
i'm almost done with my caesar paper  huzzah!
"alrighty  i have decided turnitin com sucks  aside from taking away my right to procrastinate, it also deletes all formatting i put in  whoever the idiot who invented that site is, they did the world a serious diservice by not letting it handle simple things that are included in word, and managable in notepad  i mean really  if i can do it in an email, why the hell can't i do it in a goddamned school website?"
i've never seen racism directed at a blue muppet until today 
is it good if a vacuum really sucks?
i'm hoping that even i can't screw up making cup cakes from mix 
yes! i didn't mess up the cupcakes!
"well, i'm either insane or i'm right about where to damn buses are  possibly both  but i can live with that "
i just found out herrera used to have a moustache  it makes me luagh 
they're frying <propmale> on tv     it kind of scares me    
"*sigh* i hate that feel where you have something you have to do, but you just can't find the motivation to do so because it sucks "
the new old spice commercial scared the hell out of me    i want the i'm on a horse guy back 
blank inside cards  that's all  those are just on my mind 
well  i'm failing history  isn't that swell?
"i think i'm being stalked by a <propfirst> sinatra song  i've been hearing the girl from ipanema like, everywhere lately  great song and all, but still  it's getting my nerves "
whoever changed the shape of trix cereal from the random fruit to these little circles should be slapped upside the head 
my room scares the hell out of me sometimes   
i found my sp and one of my old gameboy color games! i'm so excited i can finally beat this stupid thing!
"why exactly does a car need silver dust, hand polished or otherwise, anywhere in it? i mean, it seems rather ridiculous to me "
"i've had this headache off and on all day, and it's really starting to piss me off  damn thing just won't go away "
oh my god! i got computer pokemon gameboy games! my life is complete!
i didn't realize how much i hate trying to plug something into the socket in total darkness until just now 
<propmale> corwin is getting old    i didn't think that could happen   
well  i think i'm going to be better person  i'm fairly certain that parade was hell  and i never want to end up there again 
my laptop charger is hissing at me    it's very annoying  the damn thing won't shut up 
i love those teachers who just get bored and give you good grades on assignments you didn't do 
"sobe's new add shows a giant gecko following a dude around    i love geckos, but i don't want godzilla's little brother stalking me because i drank a crappy fruit juice type thing "
well no many people can say they found a four foot snake that they lost hiding in their xbox box  at least she turned back up 
my little cousin is going to play the bassoon  joyful  i'm so proud of her 
"not a lovely day, overall  poor eridanos has an abscess on her jawline  i'm not entirely sure what i'm going to do about it  but i guess i'll have to figure something out  oh  and the damn dog ate my reeds  but oh well  tomorrow's bound to be better, eh?"
i want a yard with a <propfemale> tree and a swing on it some day 
you know that feeling when you see something that reminds you of something you kinda blocked out and the memory just hits you like a train? it's not fun 
i just watched the video of myself and my friends at lunch    it's weird to watch 
i've been working the drum <propmale> salute some many times tonight i think i can do it in my sleep 
"sometimes, i just flat out don't like people  not always  but sometimes, they're just unbelievably annoying "
"well  i officially fail at making bath fizzies  but my mom loves me anyways, and gave me an a for effort "
it's just one of those days where the thought of school is almost overwhelming because of how much i don't want to be there 
i feel so out of the loop right now   
appearently  there's a rouge zombie satallite     i'd think they could've come up with a less threatening name 
my snake shed for the first time  joyful  i'm really glad it went flawlessly 
"\we teach mixed martial arts in the name of jesus christ \"" -the colbert report \",e0ecb46ac89e9a73adb93e913ffcdf6b,"when did they start bleeping the word homo? i mean, really? how is that a bad word?"
huh  seems like most everyone had a bad day  which makes me sad 
grawr  try outs are tomorrow and my nerves are going insane  i wish the best of luck to everyone!
appearently dio died  i'm shocked  i thought he was one of those people who would just live until the end of time 
congrats to the new brandeis drum majors!
i just can't sleep tonight  or get <propmale> horror out of my head 
"the lights were off in my house and i walked my room, and was absolutely terrified of the random yellow light floating where my bed is  turns out i walked into the office and the light was from the goddamned printer "
had an amazing night! i slow danced for the first time in my life! aren't i a bad ass?
"i just woke up and remembered why exactly i generall avoid glitter  it gets everywhere  as was said by some comedian i don't remember the name of right now, it's the herpies of craft supplies "
i just dropped my cell phone into water    i think it's okay    fml if it isn't 
my cell phone has survived! the screen is even almost recovered! plus i had a great day at fish camp  joyful  the new tubas are adorable 
"am i the only one that hates it when you're watching tv with your parents and a commercial about sex comes on? i mean, the condom ones are bad enough, but some of them are just getting awkward "
can't sleep for the life of me  i don't want to stay up though either  i might go sit in the backyard  i've got nothing better to do 
i've been watching tosh 0 all day  this show is oddly addictive 
is the little kid from up asian or mexican? i can't figure it out  i like him though  he's good comic relief in the movie 
i just watched burn after reading    i don't understand the ending at all   
i'm trying to sculpt something for the first time in years  it's going surprisingly well  i'm getting somewhere because i'm not stopping because it isn't flawless 
i don't know how i thought making every individual scale was a good idea  i've made well over 300 so far and haven't even finished the neck or skull 
this storm is insane and my dad won't come in the goddamned house  he keeps mowing  grawr  he's such a stubborn man 
"damn  power finally went out  it was flickering before, but i don't think it's coming back on now for a while "
oh my god  my house just got attacked by thunder  it scared the hell out of me  and i love storms 
weird damn day  that's really all i have to say on the matter 
they screwed up the ending of the tommyknockers in the miniseries    i'm so ticked off right now  this isn't even close to how it ends 
district 9 is a really strange movie 
"i fail to see how cupcakes can be all that competitive, although i am willing to bet they'll make a good show  not as good as ace of cakes though  i like that show  he made a dragon cake "
aw  i can't find my pen to work on my dragon 
"i just learned kalamazoo exists! oh mu god! my world is all confused now! although it really doesn't matter, considering my geography sucks anyways  but still!"
i have to be at school in a little less than seven hours   i can't say i'm looking forward to that 
i got my drivers license! huzzah!
"parents are frustrating creatures sometimes, aren't they?"
i like being able to go whever i like  if only i could find my cash so i could actually do something once i got there 
"holy crap, it's wednesday  i thought it was thursday  i fail sometimes "
weird day  i can't really make sense of it right now  but oh well  maybe tomorrow will make more sense 
"well i've felt sick most of today, but on the plus side, i found the pig we keep out toothpicks in "
i'm in an awesome mood right now  joyful 
i can't sleep and i'm insanely bored  not really a fun combo 
"it seems like, at least in my case, it's the little things i really miss  no matter how small they were, it's those <propfemale> gestures that define how a relationship with someone is, be it friendship, romantic, or anything else  the meaningful people in our lives are so meaningful because of those little things that add up and form the bond shared  forgive me if it doesn't make sense  fevers make it hard to focus "
"i just added 40 scales to this dragon and managed to cover a little less than a square inch    something is very, very wrong here "
i hate it when all i want to watch is something stupid and happy and it turns out making me sad  i feel so ripped off 
i hate this stupid show and all it's warm fuzzy moments and then it ends with something bad! why can't they just end it on a happy note? enough angst!
<propfirst> rock just informed me that it's a bad idea to drive with your feet  i thank him for letting me in on this secret 
i have the weirdest urge to crack open a coconut right now  i'm not sure why 
i hate it when you're too tired to sleep  it doesn't even make sense 
appearently i'm going back to disney world in two weeks  i hadn't been in ten years and now i'll have been twice in six months  it's kinda cool though 
"huh  well i just finished watching true blood tonight  that show always leaves me with like, 1800 questions and no damn anwsers  it's still neat though "
well  i'm now more or less totally sunburned  it hurts to move  this kinda sucks 
i just heard creepy pan flute music in my backyard    i'm gonna stay inside now 
"grah  between the sunburn and the bug bites, i'm really itchy "
i've got a new found hatred of pan flute music 
i've been working on my dragon for an hour and a half  i'm stopping before i hit it and screw the whole thing up 
is now extremely angry with an inanimate object  part of my sculpture fell off so i have to spend time in addition to the 2 and a half hours i spent working on the damn leg yesterday 
"packing for band camp  i'm hoping it'll be fun this year  with any luck, they'll have the same bassoon guy as last year "
finding out those random things that you should've realized but never managed to put together can be a mind blowing e playful erience sometimes  my brain hurts right now 
appearently my brain doesn't handle coffee caffine and monster caffine the same way  coffee makes me relaxed  monster makes me all hyped up  i kinda wanna drink a monster now to see what happens when i stick them together 
"weird damn day  went basically awesome all day until around 11, and which point it promptly sucked ass  now it's just confusing and it hurts my brain, which is pretty tired because the caffine wore off a while ago  -sigh- just kinda a fml type of thing right now "
"just got home from band camp last night  the rest of the week was cancelled due to hurricane <propfirst>  appearently we were going to flood or something, so they had to send everyone home, which sucks a lot  however, i did make a new friend, meet some new people, and learn quite a bit for the two days we had  with any luck, next year will be better "
i just watched the new true blood    wtf was up with that ending?
"alright  i'll join the band wagon  like my status, and i'll tell you what i like about you, what my first impression was (if i can remember, cut me some slack if i've known you a long time), and a confession "
i officially have a plastic license!
is bored to tears  my house is boring and driving places has lost its luster 
"my comedy cental channel has decided to go rouge and, instead of a comedy special, show my a screen with new truffle twix bars that have the illusion of growing larger when stared at "
holy shit! earwigs can fly!
well  my day just took an incredible down turn 
"if you ever want to thoroughly confuse a walmart employee, check out with a box of toothpaste, a thing of ramen, a box of macaroni, and a coconut  they don't know how to react to it "
i've definitely been in better moods than this  but it could be worse 
*sigh* pretty much no one is still up at 3  it makes me sad 
i'm trying to figure exactly when every noun in the english language developed a verb form 
just got home from florida  it was a really good trip  the new <propmale> potter park was awesome 
finally got my ap results back  about what i e playful ected 
"for anyone who would like to be rather confused by something, but you still might laugh, type in 2204355 on google and click 'i'm feeling lucky ' i don't know what to make of this  for the record, it's nothing bad  just very unusual "
people don't seem to say 'howdy' in florida 
why was six afraid of seven? it wasn't  <propfirst> aren't sentient and thus are incapable of feeling fear 
i walked what seemed to be a bear at thee humane society today  he was such a sweetheart though! here's hoping <propmale> gets a new home soon  love 
"\you have to dominate the swordfish  only then can you sautee it \"""""
i've seen madagascar 2 like 3 and a half times today  it's getting rather excessive 
"i just got home from visiting my great grandmother in canyon, texas  what amazes me more than anything at those nursing homes is how firm the handshakes the men give you are  these guys can't lift a half gallon of milk anymore but they can damn sure crush your hand "
"okay  so if <propmale> <propmale> got the whole honest <propmale> <propmale> name from walking like 5 <propmale> to give back 6 pennies, who in the hell was on those pennies?"
"*sigh* you know, when there's like six hundred channels on a tv and still nothing to watch, something is seriously wrong "
"i got a new kitten! her name is <propfemale>, and she has 21 toes  6 on her front paws, 5 on one back, and 4 on the other  i'm not sure how she got such an unusual number of toes "
"appearently there's an issue with porn on xbox live    why is it that's an issue, but the six year sitting there slaughtering innocents and screwing whores in grand theft auto isn't? i mean really "
i think i have a boy kitten named <propfemale> because i trusted my mom's judgement    now i'm going to have a confused cat   
the words 'snuggie' and 'varsity' don't belong in the same sentence  why can't any of these people buy a damn jacket? or a trench coat?
today has just not gone well 
"so i lost my car and house keys yesterday  i've been freaking out, thinking a new key would run me 300 dollars because that's what my dad says  i just called the dealer  it's a ten dollar service fee, $24 for the ignition key, and $4 16 for a new door key  i think my dad exaggerated slightly "
great party tonight! although i'd have to say one duet in particular made the evening for me 
i got new keys!!!!
"weird night  really nothing else to be said  just a really, really weird night "
i hate it when the radio manages to pick out just the music i don't want to hear 
invader zim is quite possibly the strangest show ever made 
my kitten is officially able to climb up and down couches  he's using this newfound skill to follow me around every where 
"*sigh* appearently, some straggler fleas survived on my kitten and now he has them again  i'm debating whether or not it's worth it to invoke the wrath of a small furry animals and give him a bath "
"it's so weird with this kitten! i'm used to animals like reptiles who never give a crap about you, but this thing loves me back! he keeps following me around "
i'm having a total blast playing with the cha cha kgb anwser rip off thingy  i cannot e playful ress how much fun it is 
god it weirds me out when people who do the voices of cartoons speak in those voices on tv as normal people  i don't think it should be legal 
i have to type with one hand because my kitten decided to chew on other 
"as wonderful of an invention facebook is, it ticks me off sometimes because it makes it very easy to tell if someone is just ignoring yoru texts or phone calls "
band olympics was a lot of fun! plus i got a slushie  i like slushies 
"appearently i got a cut on my knee, which i didn't notice until it began bleeding profusely  turns out it was hardly even a cut too  i hate those "
"appearently, at least according to my dad, i was wrong to trust the judgement of my band director regarding what was wrong with my car  but we don't know for sure yet "
"i hate it when you half fall asleep and have a weird, freaky, realistic dream  those suck "
"alright  this looks like an interesting one, although i'm sure it'll end up being a less than wonderful idea, but i want to know what you guys come up with  so for 24 hours, you can ask me one question (in my inbox  or text if you have my number) and i have to answer it  so yeah "
68-70% of people cannot tap their thumb knuckle against their lower teeth with their eyes closed more the 16 times without getting dizzy 
"it's been an intenteresting weekend, between a 3 am walmart adventure, a lot of crappy flashgames, airsoft guns, whacking my head on a sidewalk, possibly crashing out in a starbucks, and some godawful but still amusing movies  it was fun though "
well  i feel ungodly bored right now 
"so other than a bruise the size of my palm, my skull seems to have recovered from saturday night sunday morning  no more headaches! huzzah!"
i just lost the game  now you all have as well 
plain toast has never tasted so good 
does that banana move video on one of the old tosh 0's confuse the living hell out of anybody else?
"so i decided to google my own name  basically, i have some stuff from the <propmale> state competition, some library thing from five years ago, and seven hundred bazillion entries about plants  oh, and like five about bones surrounding the kidney "
somebody doesn't like fruit in their cereal 
okay    i'm thoroughly confused    how the hell did a pokemon egg hatch into five other telepathic pokemon eggs? doesn't that violate a law of matter or energy or logic?
i finally am realizing my cat is genuinely aggressive  it makes me sad  does anyone know how to handle food aggression in cats?
i'm so bored    
i still have a bruise from hitting my head on a sidewalk a couple weeks ago    this is just getting ridiculous 
-sigh- my mom is finally looking at parent connection  i'm about to get yelled at  damn 
what in the <propfirst> hell is a bookwich?
i should be studying for physics    but i'd really rather procrastinate by watching tosh 0 and texting talking to people on facebook 
"is less than thrilled  however, we did do pretty darn good at the band competition, so that's a nice boost "
i still really need to read the crucible    but i really don't want to   
you know that feeling when you see things that can't be unseen?
so stick that in your juice box and suck it!
i wonder if the trick would have the same magic to it if someone pulled a hat out of their rabbit    somehow i doubt it   
i'm so incredibly bored right now   
i feel weirdly optimistic  it's strange 
"no, you're wrong  you put bread in a toaster  it will always start as bread, even if you toast it and put it back in, unless you toast it in the oven or something first  and in that case, why are you even toasting it again? that's just stupid "
"at a certain point, everything just starts bleeding together and there's nothing really to distinguish one day from another "
has the worst headache she's had in years 
why is it that whenever someone has an ingredient that is less than amazing they wrap it in bacon? bacon doesn't fix everything 
i'm incredibly bored 
god i hate waking up early on weekends  it makes me so incredibly angry 
"feels god awful  i feel like i'm going to puke, but luckily, i haven't eaten anything recently enough for it to actually happen  i still wish it would stop and that my headache would go away "
i'm not sure what to do with myself right  i just don't have the needed <propfemale> to move off the couch in order to get my work 
"so as of today, i learned that i'm going to have to get 3 crowns, 3 veneers, a root canal, and gum surgery  nothing like serious dental work being done right before a <propmale> band competition "
it's really the 'what ifs' that keep you up at night 
"\susan <propmale> eats babies \"""""
"i'm glad there's no real school tomorrow  i haven't accomplished anything this week  i doubt tomorrow will be much different, but at least i'll be at wurstfest, eating porkchops on a stick "
"when building a sandbox for oneself, one should be very careful what they use to build it with "
"so, according to the logic of old sayings annoyed revenge = a dish best served cold\but also, revenge = sweet \thus, does revenge = icecream?"
do you think of jesus as a mischievious badger?
i'm debating whether or not it's even worth posting a status because my mood changes approximately every five seconds 
"\i wear long sleeve shirts over short sleeve shirts over long sleeve shirts \"""""
"\monkeys make up more than 80% of the world monkey population \"""""
"my dad just heated up a burrito in the microwave  just before he took i bite, i warned him not to, and to let it cool a couple minutes first  he flipped me off and took a bite, then promptly started panting in an attempt to cool his mouth from the lava of cheese and god only knows what else that was his burrito  i know he's my dad, and i love him, but he does this at least three times a week  he's so dumb sometimes "
"wow, southpark  just wow "
"i'm stupidly tired, i keep coughing, and my lip is still farily numb  it hasn't been a great day "
who the hell is <propmale> rickman?
what color is a mirror?
let's just keep poking that bear! it'll probably do something neat when it stops growling and clawing at the bars of its cage  maybe a flip  or maybe it'll just keep growling and snarling until the stick just becomes a painful part of its existance  who knows? oh hey! you know what'd be really fun? sharpen the stick! just see what happens!
"ma·nip·u·la·tive adjective    m??nipy?l?tiv     -?l?tiv characterized by unscrupulous control of a situation or person \\example annoyed she was sly, selfish, and manipulative"
am i the only one who always has a certain person come to mind whenever you watch the southpark movie and hear the <propfirst>'s mom's a bitch song?
just now realized i forgot to study for the <propfemale> letter test    shit   
chain reaction 
music's not helping at this point  i just wish i had half a clue why 
wow  i just learned i've been pronouncing 'stay puft' wrong my whole life  i thought it was state puff  fail 
"the fable boss is thoroughly creeping me out,as well as pissing me off  but mostly it's creepy  it screams a lot "
"you know, i kinda miss my normal  i mean, it was strange by most standards, but it worked for me  here's hoping it comes back soon "
damn    wraithmarsh is really creeping me out    damn banshees 
"today, i purchased a box of macaroni, a thing of garlic toast, and an earhat  yay earhats!"
"hating that feeling of fear that comes with being almost certain something is a when, not an if, because i know that when that 'when' comes, it won't be simple and just sort of fade off  it'll end in a bang  the only way it can "
asplode 
i just don't even know at this point 
bad day  just a bad day 
i'm seriously starting to hate on the 30th 
wow  i'm watching an ungodly stupid movie  anyone else seen species 2?
i hate falling asleep in the middle of the day  it throws me off so badly 
"my grades are currently the most abysmal they've been since last year  although i did manage to get this far before that happened, so i guess it could be worse "
"just kind of sucks as a human being  also, i've got like six songs stuck in my head  but for once they go togetherish! so yay for small victories  joyful "
i found a dinosaur book that i lost years ago! it makes me happy  joyful 
goddamned cat <propfirst> blood again  i swear i'm going to get this creature declawed 
just because you've randomly decided to pay attention to something doesn't mean i owe any e playful lanations  you've had years  did you think for a second that anything was going to change? don't be a moron  and keep your damn neosporin 
passive aggressive statuses aren't going to help anything either  i find this statement rather ironic due to the fact that this is a passive aggressive status 
finally found my ipod! along with a total of $16 
"so the past several times i've set my ipod on shuffle, i've noticed it picking the song unwell  i tested this tonight  7 out of 10 times  wtf ipod? i'm in an awesome modd right now, and i don't think this metal thingy knows what it's talking about "
"today was an interesting day, finished off with my family  a lot of my family, most of which isn't related to me "
my phone seems to be flipping out 
"ohkay  so my screen is screwed  i'm currently on an oldschool razr  anyways, because i love you all so dearly, could you text me if you have my number? or just message it to me here, so i can get my contacts list back because it looks like only around half of it transfered "
i'm going to punch this phone in the face   
"\i was hiding under your porch because i love you \"" \",e0ecb46ac89e9a73adb93e913ffcdf6b,pandaraff!
my ipod is glitched  or the shuffle is broken or something 
i hate getting yelled at for something that happened like a week ago that you told somebody about that they chose to ignore 
i should be doing my president project    but i really don't want to   
"never's a long damn time  you have to be pretty certain to make a committment like that, i'd think "
-eyetwitch- can't  sleep 
"i hate it when you're listening to a song you like that you've heard for years, when you actually really listen to the lyrics and realize it's talking about sex and it kinda changes your whole perspective on the song "
goddamned tiki broke my favorite pinatas! there will be revenge on that sonofawhore!
i got a flapyak!
okay  appearently pandora radio is hooked up to facebook  this makes a lot more sense because i was wondering how the hell this thing knew the people i was friends with and what their tastes in music were 
my head hurts just from looking at all this college information   
i feel the need to point this out  not everything in the world connects  this is why we have parallel lines 
"troodon does not equal compsognathus, compsognathus does not equal raptor (velociraptor or otherwise ), raptor does not equal deinonychus, none of these things equal a dilophosaurus  they're all very different, very distinct species  so yeah "
"<propfirst> shatner, you sir, are a <propmale> one "
i need to stop thinking  i tend to be bad for myself when i do that 
well i officially didn't set off the smoke alarm trying to cook skirt steak!
"even though i was pelted with antler bits for around 10 minutes, the pen that came out of it was worth it "
what's almost weirder than an actual change is realizing that it can be different 
my phone broke again    it makes me sad   
damn    running out of dandelions   
i accidently left my ipod on for the past 24 hours    it's not even in the red on battery  these things are amazing  i want a cell phone with batterylife like this 
holy christ    it actually snowed    i thought it was impossible   
did anyone else see the people walking on the highway and just think 'hey! i want to do that!'
i'm wondering if hell has frozen over because i assumed they'd get snow around the same time we did 
"alright  can anyone involved in sprachfest that are missing anything from school text me (210-542-2837) what you are missing and where it is? i think we're screwed on puppets  we'll have to make something for backup  in regards to polka band and classical ensemble,"
"if nothing else, i had my first snowball fight today  my dad is still really 12  it was a blast though  that made everything good  joyful "
"huzzah! the brandeis <propmale> team got 2nd overall, our polka band got first, as did our upper level puppet show while our folk dance and classical esnemble both placed third  we recieved numerous other top five posistions, and almost all of our members will be moving onto state in <propfirst> on februrary 26th  yay brandeis!"
this phone actually works with facebook! it's crazy! although it'll take some adjusting 
"i hate the concept of even leaving my house right now, much less going to school "
my cat is glaring at me every time i cough   
damn childproof lids   
"i hadn't been coughing for two hours  as i'm getting ready to leave for a band concert, guess what starts up again? damnit "
"i hate being sick  i probably should've just stayed home today (<propfirst>, this does give you full rights to say you told me so )  i probably will stay home tomorrow "
my dad loves me  he made me hot chocolate from scratch 
the only nice thing about staying home is watching old cartoons  i like old cartoons 
i give up on drinking cold water until i stop coughing entirely 
i have to wonder if somewhere in the world there's some poor one-legged waitress working at an ihop 
yeah    i'm definitely not doing the columnist project at this point  although <propfirst> o rourke is still a badass 
alright  i dislike the english version of 99 red balloons  especially because it has <propmale> mixed in but the guy says it all weird 
this memorization isn't so bad 
"in soviet russia, nemo find you!"
i wish i had a gps that spoke to me in <propfirst> <propmale>'s voice 
why is it my animals decide they love me and want to <propfemale> all over me on a day i don't feel like sitting around?
"well i'm less than thrilled at the moment  sundays, huh?"
"just get some ice from the snow cone machine and some paper towels, make sure you put that eye on ice "
wisdom teeth suck!
?
<propmale> state competition tomorrow!
taking a look at sprachfest for next year    my god there's a lot to be done   
first rule of someone trying to get out of a hole that they've dug for themselves? to stop digging 
"you might be awesome, but you're not jesus high-fiving freakazoid on an escalator awesome "
my little cousin is wearing a bassoon shirt and thinks my new leopard geckos are cool  i'm so proud 
there is an app that tells you how to fix your bassoon reeds  there must be a god for something this amazing to exist 
yes! i found my ds! my night has been made!
"now, the question is do i just act based on more or less nothing in a fairly arbitrary fashion, or massively overthink and read too much into the situation?"
well at least someone found my total lack of historical and geographical knowledge amusing ^ _ ^
"just a note to all of you who haven't figured this out yet    google streetview, mapquest, ect  these things are not in real time  you cannot see the tsunami in japan on them  if you are dumb enough to actually attempt this    actually, you probably can't read this status  so nevermind "
it would be nothing short of ridiculous to wake up this early  but being up still? now that's another matter entirely 
and so it goes!
i feel so spazzy right now!
i saw a nun at work today 
damn you <propfirst> o'rourke! you and your lack of a wikipedia!
it's almost ask irksome as the word irksome 
"damn, facebook  you've failed me as a website "
"*sigh* looking back on it, chucking my laptop cable across the room probably wasn't the best of ideas "
to hell with the letter q!
genitals  enough said 
i just saw sharktopus for sale at bestbuy 
<propfirst> sheen is an incredibly disturbed individual    he's so full of himself it's comical   
i met a south african fellow yesterday!
"\    i will come down on this hospital like the hammer of thor \"""""
