89730dc890e825431bf216ab2f77922c
happy new year  smile 
gym time with my personal devil! (trainer)  smile  i heart hate her!  smile 
wants to travel everywhere!!!  smile 
"i want to travel    go back to school    pay off some debt    get in the best shape of my life    too much for 2010? nah, not resolutions, life changes   smile "
needs a netbook     sad 
sick sick sick! sicker than sick! boo  sad 
at home sick     sad 
not even sure   
readying myself to move forward   
seems to be perpetually with the flu   
"is soooo freakin' bored!!! too sick to move, eat or do anything active so i'm stuck in bed  sad (((((((( ahhhh!!!!"
"i am healthy, wealthy and well!"
is so super impressed with men right now! fuck 'em!
thinks i should become a lesbian 
feels better now that a plan has been set in place 
today was sooooo much better than yesterday! very pleased i found the silver lining!
"decided to wear a ton of bright colors today    yellow, pink, orange    i believe i put them together so they look like an outfit but who knows    either people are secretly laughing or they mean it when they say they like it  either way i'm receiving a v"
is <propfemale> pleased with her suddenly busy schedule! if only i felt a bit better    <propfemale>n!  laugh 
is work until 3 smile 0 and then hanging out with <propfirst>  (here's hoping this medicine kicks in soon)
<propfemale> fawcett and <propfirst> <propmale> in one day??!! who's next???
"had a lovely time catching up with <propfirst>, eating stinky cheese and tooling around seattle "
is possibly dying    feel like crap warmed over this morning   
feels like butt this morning     playful 
wants a cuddle <propmale>  any takers?
goodnight <propfemale>   
is anyone else as stoked as i am that <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> <propfirst> are coming to key arena in november?? who wants to pay an exorbitant amount for tickets with me????!!!  laugh 
must    wake    up    on my way to work 
who's got the french version of the <propfemale> stone? me!!! that's who!!!
can't wait to be able to exercise again!!!! when may i go to the gym??? when???
wants a piece of <propfemale> pie for the 4th     does not want to make any though lol     hmm   
is currently in a man hating mood 
why are men emotionally void?
"is stronger and more empowered  it never fails to amaze me how fantastic my friends are, even if i haven't seen them in a year! thank you!"
"happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times  if only one remembers to turn on the light - dumbledore- <propmale> potter and the prisoner of azkaban"
what kind of band plays snappy music? a rubber band     (off of my firecracker popsicle stick    hmm  )
worked 6 smile 0-3pm    now off to my next job 5-9   
back to brown hair   
misses los <propfemale>    never thought i'd say that   i think i just miss my friends   smile 
hmm    looking to stay busy during my free time     anyone know of some ideas?
"hmm   i want to go back to school   in new york preferably    i'd also like to move back to los <propfemale> and work on acting again    i'd also like to travel to europe, the pyramids, and peru     and learn to scuba dive    how do i do all of this? i need a "
maybe brunette's have more fun    i am getting mucho positive feedback from guys   
oh my     i think i may get a puppy! must not get too excited too soon   
just signed up for night classes in the fall    now i just have to come up with tuition money   
too   hot    to    go   to   gym    bah    going   anyway   
is soooo freaking busy as of late    and i think my personal trainer wants to kill me    at least it feels that way    *ouch*
107 degrees at the honda dealership    hmm   
mmm   cold showers     ahhh relief!
"wedding 11 smile 0 this morning!    not sure i could ever get married that early in the morning, but to each their own   smile "
very burnt    but had a nice day with <propmale> and <propfirst> yesterday!
managed to give herself a papercut on her lip by licking an envelope    now that's talent 
"sooo ready to take off on her dream trip to egypt   planning started    money   well, it will take a bit of time   "
sigh    i want a puppy so much!  sad 
people are morons when it comes to the opposite sex    why is that?
hard to get up this early on a saturday    i would prefer to sleep till noon    but    i'm getting a <propfemale> today!!! whoo hoo! catapalooza here i come!
my kitten just pooped on my freshly laundered sheets     right up by the pillows    then promptly tried to bury it with the pillows     it's going to be a long ride    lol
finally decided in my kitten's name     da da da daaaaa     finnegan
<propfemale> kept me up all night    very very tired 
"ok    my room officially stinks    this new little kitten is successfully using the litter box, which i clean all the freakin' time    my other cat doesn't smell the house up    what is the deal??!!!"
sigh    do not want to go to my personal training session tonight     smile 
just watched <propmale> and <propfemale>'s infinite playlist and i think i'm in love! so cute! was very surprised!
sooooo ecstatic to be going to spain with <propfemale> in november!
soooo   tired    puppies are sooooo much work 
my puppy went poop in the right spot on her own!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
had fun laughing with <propfemale> tonight! it was nice to be out and about and share some wine   smile 
is very upset she needs to find a new home for <propfemale>     sad 
"had a very busy day 9 hour day at work, an appointment and then home to run the puppy's energy down     i'm pooped    goodnight <propfemale>!"
"ok   what the hell    does anyone know about crate training dogs??? i've had her for three weeks and i thought we were doing well, she'd never gone to the bathroom in her crate, then two nights in a row she pee'd in there    sad  what do did i do?? help! please?"
got her passport in the mail yesterday!  smile  dad canceled the trip to europe next summer    also yesterday     sad 
rip <propfirst> swayze   sad 
puppy is nearing potty training completion!!! whoo hoo!!! communication is becoming successful!  smile 
mmmm veggie thai pizza
knee injury has caused my trainer to start training me in the pool    she is kicking my non-swimming ass with things i never thought of doing in a pool!    and who thought it would be so hard to find a bathing suit this time of year???!!! i ended up with an ugly ass speedo    great if i go pro lol
"ok    so, i know i'm way behind the times    but i just discovered the office and am in love     laugh "
okay    my trainer seriously kicked my ass today    i think my arms may fall off   yay!  smile  (i assume pain is the goal to success   wink 
i have raw knuckles from boxing     didn't realize how much i bump scrape them a day until now    will they ever heal? stay tuned   
ok    i live in a huge apartment complex and had no trick or treater's last night     do all parents take their kids to malls these days??!
mmm    veggie pho   
"i don't wanna wake up  i'm a sleepaholic  there's a million dreams that i could have if i could sleep in!     ah monday, you come too early    "
"got a weird cat tube and pop up house for my <propfemale>    he loves it    he and the puppy are hiding, pouncing and attacking all over the place!"
just had two pieces of pizza with a ton of garlic cloves on them    now i feel like it's seeping out my pores!    attractive no?
staying far away from the black friday madness!!! however    want to go to the gym today and wondering if there will be any parking there    
nothing sexier than confidence!
oh you delicious little christmas time oranges    oh how i love thee   
<propfemale> happy i'm not working today!!  smile       will be tomorrow though     sad 
i can't even e playful ress how much i love the snow!!! first snowflakes today!! just need a fire and a glass of wine!
my nice <propfemale> just filleted my hand while i was holding him! all because my mean <propfemale> didn't like the fact i was holding nice <propfemale> and decided to bite his tail   
always feels awful to hear of another death in hollywood   sad  rip <propfemale> murphy 
"my dad show'd up on christmas    weird    i drank a lot of wine to fill the awkward silences    now i'm sloshed and he's on his way home, sigh, another lovely holiday with family disfunction "
mmm    my taste is too e playful ensive for my wallet   
"my phone is still on the <propmale>, not receiving text messages or vm     not sure about calls if i missed them    it's just messed up     sad  please be patient until i'm able to afford a new one   smile "
doesn't feel ready to go back to work tomorrow     sad 
"thinking about doing the breast cancer 3 day, anyone interested in signing up with me?"
purple
i need all of the seasons of the office on dvd    i instantly feel better after watching it  it's entertainment therapy!  smile 
i'm spaying my doggie next week    holy moly it's going to cost me a fortune! they better throw in a bionic arm or something   
sick mom and a sick dog    sigh     sad 
is a hopeless romantic!
"it's doppelgänger week  change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) that you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status "
is feeling icky   in bed all day and worried about the work that's piling up    sad 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name  copy and paste this as your status and post the first entry for your name under comments!"
is looking for an apartment   and the move out date here is looking weird  
whether to commute from <propmale> to bellevue twice a day or get a too pricey apartment immediately    bah   interesting  
"i ? gerbera daisies, <propfemale> gazer lilies and white roses!!!!!"
"work, work, work   "
is still in love with pretty woman    it still makes me smile and feel all warm and mushy!  smile 
"from what i've heard, i should hate <propfirst>'s day since i'm single  however, i still love it! memories of getting a dorky little <propfirst> in class from the boy you like   smile  i'm taking myself to the gym, lunch and a movie today, i love myself! all my single friends, do something nice for yourself today! you deserve it!"
thank you everyone for the many and wonderful birthday wishes! i feel well loved indeed!  laugh 
spent two hours at the gym tonight    feel much better! great way to relieve stress!  smile  although i was half tempted to stay another hour   does that mean i have too much stress?
sleep then gym    then maybe a hike it's supposed to be gorgeous tomorrow!!!  laugh 
credit cards are the devil!
considering joining a beginners adult soccer team   smile 
two hours at the gym   stir fried veggies and movies on a rainy day!  laugh 
"having a cup of coffee and it's almost noon   i may be up all night   lol    the funny part is, that's a true statement "
exhausted!
"better than yesterday, and tomorrow should be better than today   smile "
"my trainer took me running outside today, it felt so good to get out in the sun!"
"off to work   playful  i mean, yay!"
wants to go shopping very badly    no money for doing so    bummer   
"reading great e playful ectations, surprised i hadn't read it before  "
oscars!!!!!!!!!!
miley <propmale> got to present an award??!!
love the way they did the nominations for best actor actress this year! (and highly enjoyed <propfemale> bullock's speech)
wiped!
enjoying my cup of coffee before i go to work on a saturday 
who knew there was a pi day    okay then    happy 3 14159265   etc   day!
maybe i'll move to berlin    looks nice   
oh monday    you come so quickly    and early    
"am i the only one who dislikes tuna fish and when forced to eat it, pick the \icky\"" parts out of the can first?"""
sigh    why do i have be a vegetarian that was born with a body that needs meat to work properly?! --choked down my first steak in i don't know how long    not without a few gags   
woke up with a pimple on my nose    <propmale> in march     playful 
aww the radio just played my favorite song in the world!!! <propmale> <propfirst> - the one   smile   smile   smile 
bored   need to find something to do today   
missing my friends in so  cal 
thinks it's funny how many people have visited forks because of twilight  i guess i took it forgranted as a kid  go forks! good for their economy   smile 
wow this rain is crazy! i think we may lose power!
bad chest for welcoming in this horrid bronchitis!
i have pneumonia! wtf?! bleh  playful 
 love 
ugh my dog chewed through my computer's ac adapter    had to order a new one but it won't be here for a few days! how am i supposed to get work done when i can't use my work computer   sad   sad   sad 
"even though my hair has turned brown as i've grown up    i still feel like a blonde, so damn it i will be!"
when will this sickness in me die!!!!!! ugh!
cough cough icky icky  playful 
took the codine    off to bed    here's to a cough free night  smile 
"just gave my dog a bath  long story short: dog-mad, me-soaked and bloody, bathroom- angry, soaked and bloody"
"ack, why am i up soooo early on a saturday    icky  smile "
"love <propfemale> alley's big life, she's adorable!"
anyone know any inside info into the new 4g iphone that's coming out this year? i know it's supposed to be in june july   has anyone heard anything else?
must do taxes today    cutting it close   
signed up for the portland marathon    that should kick me into gear 
saw the most beautiful gardenias today   now i would like some i can keep at home   gorgeousness!
thank you for the beautiful pearls secret admirer    whoever you are   smile 
it's been years since i took any acting classes here in the seattle area  does anyone have some good recommendations?
going to bed    weird that it's still light out    but i love that when i get to work it's now light instead of dark for a few hours   smile 
have tix to a few m's games this season! yay!!!
"loves, loves, loves <propfemale> <propfemale> barcelona!!!"
why in the world has it been so dark out today!!! seattle needs some sunshine to perk us up!
"ok    so bare escentual's faux tan is the best fake <propmale> i've tried    but no matter how fast i apply, how well i think i've rubbed it in    i still end up looking like i've been playing in orange mud    sigh "
does anyone know of a good financial planner in the washington area?
so sad i'm not going to be able to even hope to see griffey play tonight   sad 
nice win tonight m's! lovin' the number of bases we stole!
sunshine perfection for today's m's game!  laugh 
was picked for the flippin' stubhub seats at the m's game today w  <propfemale>! freakin' awesome!!!!  smile 
when it rains it pours!
and the pouring continues   wtf?!
"fml    what else can go wrong? my identity was stolen and i owe $8,000 in fraudulent charges!!!"
"ugh! phone died completely    t-mobile wants to charge me full price for a new one and up my contract    screw that    cheaper to cancel my service and go elsewhere   sad  anyway, found out that i will no longer have my phone number i've had for the past 6 years when i switch   stay tuned for a new number "
blonder than i've ever been! now bring on the sunshine!
pow!    pow! pow!
cannot wait until the week of the 14th   i will finally have a phone!!!!  laugh 
just got the best email in the world!!! my phone shipped today!!! not next week! it's supposed to be here by the 9th!!! yay!!!!
spent my morning chasing a lost welsh corgy on i-90    and couldn't catch him  sad  i feel so horrible!  sad 
got my iphone today! i'm back in the loop! same number i had before   laugh 
hoping what i have is just a 24 hour bug  exhausted and nauseated 
all <propfemale> game is on like flan!!!  laugh 
"soooo angry   i was walking my 6 1 2 pound dog in my apartment complex and a lady let her huge dog out without a leash to go to the bathroom and it comes charging at my dog and luckily i reacted quickly enough to pull mine up by the leash but it still bit her   never one to fight, i was thankful my dog was safe and got the hell out of there   now i want to go back and give that woman a piece of my mind! some people!"
really dislike it when i call to get some help on my insurance policy and i'm outsourced to a different country   sad 
mariner's game!!!!
m's game again tonight! so glad we won one!  laugh 
which shakespearean character would you be? -- my result: hamlet  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 18690 referrals status?aid=590669967
"would like to take my mom to the <propmale> potter theme park in florida   her eyes got so big when she heard about it, i could have sworn she was 5 "
"who thinks smart cars are sexy?     that's right, i get to drive one all weekend     wink "
"went to my first seahawks game tonight, with <propmale>  definitely more energy than a baseball game! had a blast!"
definitely late to the party but i'm finally e playful eriencing 30 rock   smile 
ah how i adore <propmale> connick jr  absolutely cannot wait to see him perform live!
"just watched when <propmale> met <propfemale>  it's been too long, that movie makes me smile   smile "
so sad baseball season is almost over   sad 
fire alarm at 3am    and i picked this week to stay up late everyday  we were evacuated and i'm now at work with my <propfemale> on my coffee cup   smile  hoping my cubicle mates are nice enough to poke me w  a stick if i start to snore 
 laugh 
m's game today on fsn v  texas  anyone watching baseball instead of football besides me?  smile 
bah! system is down at work!
"i've been staying up late, what's up with my change of schedule?! it makes 4 smile 0 come twice as early!"
late night    bed time   smile 
falling asleep    bah    want to be done with work 
felt super productive today!  smile 
what is going on mariner's?!
bah working from home is a bust   sad  my computer won't remote connect!
"i like it on my desk, in my car and sometimes on the floor "
amazing <propfemale> this morning!!!     is it wrong i can see the <propfemale> on my way to work?     i feel like it kinda is   
"interesting how everything is so connected  i signed onto my aim account on my computer for the first time in a year and all of a sudden, the status that is has been of there forever, a <propfemale> <propmale> quote, is updated on here, and shouted on foursquare  "
and the scraping of the windshields begins    too bad my scraper apparently disappeared    guess i'll sit here for a while    smile 
i'm in such a good mood today! not sure what's going on   smile 
snow!  smile 
loving the snow!    worried about the commute     annoyed 
thanksgiving airport craziness!  smile 
leaving salt lake   
looking forward to moving! (just not the moving part)  smile 
excited for san <propmale>!!  smile 
had a wonderful christmas! must it be monday already?  smile 
sick  sad 
"bedtime, sleep to heal the sickness "
had a seriously lovely sunday!  smile 
is it really monday already?!  annoyed 
happy <propfirst>'s day!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
cooking dinner for my hubby   me    cooking    without a back up plan    hmm
must   not   be   sick   any   more!!!
"ready to feel 100% again    sickness season is almost over, yes?"
absolutely love sundays!   and today is the oscars!!! sweeeeet!  laugh 
"bah doctor today! what is going on with me? the sickness came back, full blown!"
got my books for school  smile ))
ipad 2!! yahoo!!!
scrubs season 4    it's on    then some kindle love    smile 
<propfirst> wonder's greatest hits has put a new pep in my step this morning   smile 
misses her wonderful boyfriend   sad 
is my cat the only one that hunts me down when he hears me open a yogurt container? he loves yogurt   
