510983c4cdce785b26c23a0cc557f2e1
"i   am in a writing mood   it often comes and goes, though recently my outlets have been through other means   i might as well make it a blog post so it'll be upcoming     "
"been away for a bit   i'll be back on later but for now, goin to record this all original song for my girl "
"wow, it's actually been a while   ok maybe jus a lil over a week since i been on here   not back yet, less u see me, u prob won't catch me till the new year   holla back"
"no resolution this yr   i'm not the type to ask for much(and or)help from others as i usually always try to do too much myself   this yr i'm gonna focus on workin with others to help accomplish my goals   so please, help me, help u    an lets turn this world upside down"
"this is it!  this is the year   i haven't been waiting on new years, i made no resolutions but i will do my best and a new me will emerge, bigger and better than ever!"
<propfemale> remy
i've been away for too long   i've had a lot on my mind lately  an it was a nice lil break from my regular online world   i got caught up in another but it's time to move on to bigger an better things   everything is culminating together as it should an this time i don't wanna get left behind 
"the master beat maker is back!!!  all bs aside, i'm gettin on my grind this yr, either keep up wit me or find ur own way   i won't leave no man or woman behind "
ain't life grand?
"for my savior, jesus christ, a new facebook challenge   i am out to prove that my friends will repost, i hope i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost2"
"gonna go put some smoke in da air, holla front  "
"inspired by <propfirst> mensah, i'm gonna work on music   right after this wake n bake "
i need to start gettin more sleep   but i don't think i'ma listen to myself   another late night of fun coming right up   
"fill out the last of the paperwork for this new job today, i start tomorrow   can't wait, i must do my best cause i think this was exactly what i needed "
"to my non-game playing friends: i play games that may generate alot of posts  this can b irritating if u don't play  if u don't want 2 see these posts, move ur mouse cursor over the game message & the word \hide\"" will appear on the rightside of the post  click on \""hide\"" select the game name not my name  thank you  smile """
"ummmm according to facebook someone from kuwait accessed my account so if any of u got somethin from me anytime last night, please disreguard it "
"i'm loving my new job   coo peeps, easier, better hrs, less pay but a better payment system, benefits out da @$$, can't wait to hit dat 90 days in an my boy'll be happy bout that too cause he get's a referral fee  next step, stop smokin cigarettes and <propmale>   i got about 11 more good days of smokin so if u wanna get it in with me do it before then   even if i am stopping by my own choice, i'm sticking to this "
"yeah <propmale>, freestyle session an good beats cause my boy is up here, we runnin da streets   "
my comp stopped workin on me so i may not be on much   updatin this thru my xbox 360 for now
"bout to spark up a j, all i wanna know is who's smokin wit me?"
"happy 4 20 all to those that participate, to those that don't have a nice day "
got soaked workin out in the rain today but hey u get ur good days an bad days   after a very uneventful unofficial holiday yesterday(i barely smoked) today didn't turn out too much better   i'ma need everyones support cause yesterday was my last day smokin cigarettes an i'm also puttin the herbal remedies on hold for a while too 
time to make some dinner   then clean up the rest of this house an sit down an focus on some music   my 5 1 speakers just stopped workin so have to use my headphones now   i suppose that's both good an bad cause i want 7 1ch surround sound anyways         stupid sugary juice spilling on the volume control  
"important privacy - fyi: facebook has made another change that will share your personal information: as of today, there is a new privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \""allow \"" go to account > privacy settings > applications and websites and uncheck \""allow\"" """
"someone help me with my options   i don't really feel like watchin the nfl draft - only really care about the redskins an the ravens   so it's either cod:mw2 time, mess around on fb, or make some musik???"
i wanna new nickname!
pretty bored   gonna take aggression out on mw2 an shoot people in the online gaming world 
goin to the draft party at fedex field tomorrow at 10am   look up the redskins fanpage if u're interested in going   u can get the pass thru the draft party link event an print it out 
"lookin for inspiration, but i feel like i'm bout to find sleep "
"america       f*ck yeah!       haha ok guys i'm gonna get headed to the redskins draft party goin down at fedex field   see some players, and cheerleaders  wink    maybe get an autograph or 2   see the new picks show off   an what shanahan has to say about this upcoming superbowl season   smile         an then i'm goin to meade's c o 2000 reunion  so holla cause i'ma be gone alll day!"
gettin ready to get some autographs 
"k, see yall at nobles  i'm out!"
"new pix posted from my last 3 events, comments welcome "
"in memorial  r i p  <propfemale> \left-eye\"" lopez"""
i make beats and i know how to rap but mainly stay on the producers side of things but now i'm considering really puttin out my own cd 
"damit, i hate falling asleep at the wrong times   i took an afternoon nap an now it's 12 am   haha i guess it's midnight dinner time for me   "
i was ready to go back to sleep but i got music on my mind an nothin but time   
nice lil start to this beat i jus made   anyone need somethin nice an mellow but powerful   
goodnight fb fam   holla @ me tomorrow 
makin another beat for my boy k-lust check out <propmale> <propfirst>   if yall dunno yall betta ask somebody babeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyy
ok 2 diff beats in an hour   one is a real hip-hop beat i'm makin for my boy   the other   is some      lol <propfirst> myers type ish for those that like those dark beats   sounds like some real evil sh*t   haha i dunno where all this is comin from   get ready for anotha 30 beats in 30 days comin up this next month   time to get focused  
"here is my quote for the day that i'm making up off the top of my head as i type this: \the gravity of the situation is:music makes the world go round \"""""
somehow i keep thinkin of this video i saw and that it's peanut butter jelly time 
ahhhh goodnight fb fam 
"forget using an application,  ask me a ?, any ? and i will answer truthfully "
"well the way things are goin it might be like 35 beats in 35 days     i jus made another one today   damn, keep it comin my fellow musicians an artistically inclined, u are really helpin my motivation right now and i'm lovin it!"
oooooohhhhhh almost forgot 31 cent scoop night at baskin robins   goin to the one in <propmale> burnie by la fontaine bleu so holla @ me lata 
"whew, after 5 hrs i think that's enough music for today   my brain isn't gonna last much longer tonight an i have to focus on the training i had for work today   time for a nice warm soak in the tub an a good night of sleep "
"i'm goin to bed early for once, time to call it a night   c-yaz tomorrow fb fam "
"aight after sittin in traffic for 2 hrs, i'm home an gettin ready to get clean   tired as hell from workin but still need somethin to do cause i'm feelin wired up from a good day "
"ok sorry people, for the 2nd night in a row i'm actually going to sleep before 12 again   my excitement has worn down and i'm feeling the effects of work  bathtime an the land of dreams awaits "
my horoscope said to follow the guidance of others today so what's my plans for this evening tonight???  anybody?
"don't tell me i ain't a good friend, i just got my boy <propfirst> jones a job in a managing position, he starts on monday an i can't wait, u betta hit that 30 day <propfirst> so i can get my referral bonus too!"
i'm still takin suggestions on this evening's activities   i need a refresher  
"so my plans for tomorrow got cancelled an i'm a bit disappointed   so yeah, i think i need to find somethin to get into to cheer me up a bit   what the hell is going on?"
man i need to get out the house an i have nowhere to go   my good week end is starting to turn sour 
"the more i keep thinking the more angry i keep getting and those that know me, know this is an uncommon occurence "
gone fishing!!! holla at ur boy cause i'ma be back for the fight!
"i got some things on my mind i need to get out there but this very moment isn't the time   i shall return in the next few hrs, some will like what i have to say an some won't  so as wednesday adams said, wait       "
does anyone have an lg rumor from sprint that i can borrow as my charger isn't working correctly and i need a spare battery way to charge mine until i can transfer my contacts?
my face looks like quasimodo's from hunchback of notre dame   my flem sputum is bloody an now i'm starting to see some blood in my left eye   this really sux 
hmmm what's some good soft foods to eat cause my jaw is hurtin somethin serious an i can barely chew   stuff that's nutritional also so that i can keep my energy an heal faster??
off to physical therapy   be back in a lil while  hit the celly pls if u haven't yet cause i don't have any #'s in my new phone  
eating my <propfemale> oatmeal from mcdonalds  
my face still hurts a bit but i'm in a much better mood than i have been   i dunno what it is today but i'm ready to get out an about 
"well so much for plans, i'ma play call of duty for an hour or 2 an then call it a night  got nothin else to do  "
"goodnight all, i'ma pray for a better day tomorrow "
what's good for today?? i'ma get laundry started an get some cleanin done but i still have plenty of free time   so someone get back to me   i'm thinkin iron man 2     
"sitting here yet again wondering what to do, i did not hit my movie yet cause goin alone sux   wondering if i should consider takin a drink even though i'm still takin my meds cause i'm feeling cooped up here    what do i do???"
ok i'm gonna get ready to go see iron man 2   the movie don't start till 9:50 so hit my celly if u know a place i can hit up after that  it's 443-306-4682 cause i just got a new phone this past week an i dun have many #'s in it   
"i wanted people to comment on my previous status but i didn't get the response i wanted   i still got a lot on my mind an hopefully soon i can gather my thoughts an put them into a note journal as i've done in the past   i've steered away from the great writing that i used to do but i hope to get back into it, even if just as an outlet for my feelings  i should say what i need to say while i can still say it  "
"there's a bottle with my name on it     an then there's this other stuff that tastes good   also the traditional, or something with a lil flavor?       either way i will be partaking alone   "
"preparations are complete   sprite n soju, <propfemale> ale triple olives <propfemale>, orange sunkist an triple olives bubble   "
"to most of my people's from school, here's a memory i was reminded of   because one of my bosses at work's name is <propfirst> collins "
goodnight fb fam   holla at me tomorrow  
"feels like a music day   tons of beats in my head, let's see what i can do "
is on lunch break  2 surprise 0 here i come!
another tight beat   hmmm am i just that good??
is fishiiinnnnnnggggggg   holla
i feel like crying  
"well a good day gone bad again  an more money out my pockets that i don't even have yet   but i don't care, i'ma still do it big this year and i'm not gonna let this setback hold me back   it's just giving me the motivation to work harder and smarter "
"i'm goin goin, back back, to cali cali   california, <propfemale> that is   i got a 2 hour drive  any one wanna come with me??  i kinda don't trust myself goin alone  "
hmm track is startin to sound a bit gangsta   i'ma work on it some more   let's see if i can make a track or 2 with the rest of my time  
home   no place like it 
"hmmm next up  take a shower, eat, an make a beat!  feels like another day of musik!"
idk   
off to work   holla at me lata   somewhere between 3 an 7 lol   
yes i'm up at 4 in the mornin    ready for work in an hour an a half or so  
does anyone else have sprint service?  i have a <propmale> to win a free year for me and a friend   
"wonders, what would it be if i didn't simply do music as a hobby an i really decide to do it full time   i focus my attention in so many places and i want to do this not just for myself but 2 really influence others in a positive manner   i'm not 1 of the hundreds of thousands out there simply making beats but at the same time i know, like them, my music means so much to me, would it be appreciated for what it is?"
ate lunch at hanoori  what u know about that?
"laundry, food, cleaning   either xbox, fb, or music for my entertainment inbetween   maybe a movie since i haven't watched one in 2 weeks  seriously, not one  "
i need somewhere to watch true blood tonight cause i don't have hbo    anyone??
is workin hard an hardly workin
it ain't nuthin but music!
i never wanna see a 15 hr day again  even though the money's ok  
is ready to go home  free! get a bit of chiefin in an some cod 
does anyone have an old lg rumor?
"dang my forgetfulness, i forgot to watch the true blood from last sunday  checkin it out now   "
is at borin @$$ jury duty   i'd rather be working 
should not be lookin at $300 pairs of headphones   at least not yet  ahhhh priorities   
ahhhhhh 495 traffic                      typical 
"to all my friends that know me, talk to me and <propfemale> with me   what do u think of me?  i'm curious to know no matter how blunt or harsh it may or may not be   "
is sleep a viable option for boredom???
let's put the streets on beats 
won't somebody braid my hair???  playful 
freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
"there is no scheduled boxing but tonight's a fight night, holla at yall tomorrow "
"i'm struggling at times   don't want to put any burdens of my problems on my friends   and while i usually catch on to anything easily, i can't it figure out "
what a long ass day   i spent more time driving to an from the job than we spent at doing the job 
"hmmm though it might be a wait, sonic opens up friday and so does the e playful endables   hmmmm"
"gonna check out the ravens game, holla @ me lata"
"i slept a day away   good rest, but not my intention  "
how bout them redskins!!!!
oooyay tomorrow i'm headed down to the atl  e playful ecting my best weekend so far this yr  
tomorrow i'm giving <propfemale> crabs and she will love them and eat them 
time to goooooooo!!! the atl bitches!  it's fryyyyyydaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
        the skins ravens game isn't comin on down here in ga    
let's go redskins let's go!!
"is gettin ready to come home from the atl   great weekend even though the skins lost, least baltimore won "
"i need a new <propmale>, gimme some suggestions?!?"
i'm                  
"i am   if u want to know the rest, figure a way to find out!"
"i'm at abingdon, md"
i keep thinkin of some seriously hard @$$ beats but for some reason i can't get'em down   am i lettin this stuff get to my head too much??
"why the hell did my phone have to break today   i can't see anythin on my screen so anyone who talks to me, don't text me   it's jus best to call me   but uhhhh my phone <propmale>'s a bit overdue so it may get cut off too   but i can still receive calls i believe "
porkchops an hotsauce!
the year ain't over yet!  prepare for changes   
"today feels like a blunt day   now,            who's smokin with me?                "
"dangit, my phone is beeping and i don't know what that beep is for   even if i switched back to an old phone with a working screen i still wouldn't get my alerts back huh?"
"as my boy t would say, it is what it is    "
feels like a music day comin on   
ahhh the first steps   just talked to someone about entering an audio production program to be on my way to becoming an audio engineer producer   hopefully this stuff checks out an finally i'll head in the right direction 
it's been a long time since i've written anything meaningful but i'm in one of those moods and it's one of my favorite outlets 
"haha i'ma humble myself on this one   someone teach me some game, cause i have none  an tha's on the real tip  "
man    me + music is a dangerous combination 
chill status: green
on my way to enjoy my fryday
"let's go redskins, let's go!!!!"
"place of birth:everyone please play!! it will be fun to learn where all your fbfriends were born  copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth   \\seoul, south korea! \\please spell out the state for our over the pond friends!!!!!"
a long grueling day   but i'm already at my 40 so they're probably gonna tell me to go home tomorrow   quite possibly a good start to the weekend   now on to my chiefies 
"fishing, did u say fishing??"
i'm not sure of what's to come but i'm ready to take it back to the old me with a new me mix - h-town style  
every time i write some flows i'm amazed at what i write cause it's actually pretty good   maybe i should rap along with producing  
"if u love local music artists tryin to do their thing can i get a like   i'm glad yall do what u do and thanks for not lettin music completely turn to sh!t    i'm not out to be a rapper but i am able to do the damn thang so i've decided to make use of my skills also, tomorrow yall will get another taste of my most recent flow   i'll keep ya posted "
damn 14 hr day at work  tired 
i wanna go but too broke for partying   sorry yall i'm stayin in for the weekend  
"damn, making a jessup run cause i have to go back to the workplace to pick up my tools   then back home an record a track or 2 tonight   big things comin, where u at?? ishmael kesting <propfirst> a  <propfemale>"
"5 more days till 29 yrs of livin   tha's 29 shots to get in, 29 blunts i'm hittin, 29 bars i'm spittin, tha's a given "
"should i stay in, go out an enjoy myself?  what to do   what to do   "
what am i sayin???  someone come drag my homebody @$$ out to have some fun cause if left to my own vices i'm sure i'm jus gonna stay in on fb or xbox   
"thanks everyone for the b-day luv   lol yes i'm getting older, not old yet   did i do anything??? i did the responsible thing and went to work and ended up working a 12 hour day   evening plans didn't work out either since i was so tired i passed out  sorry people"
i temporarily fixed my phone problem so now u can text me to your hearts <propfemale>   
for now i'm lookin forward to the weekend   this hasn't been the best of weeks  
"kinda tired of runnin around for others an not bein able to get done what i've needed for a bit   some rest time   it's either been 12-14 hour work days, or runnin errands to help my friends out when i barely get any benefit out of it  but it's fine   it is what it is, i'm still livin for me an at least work has been goin good lately   i have a feelin this paper trail is only gonna get longer in a good way "
"why yes, yes i am playing  "
hail to the redskins!!!
"q: whats your favorite day of the year?\a: i'd have to say christmas "
"q: so when can i come over and touch it (your hair)?\\a: u mean you're not here already??  playful  damn u  lol"
ok well now the question is    go out and watch boxing with my boy(we're both avid fans)(paul <propmale> vs <propmale> martinez rematch gonna be great!) orrrrrrr stay in the house and make some musik since i got the comp up an running in top shape again??  or go out and do somethin else?
decided on boxing   time to get ready an grab some food along with a nice bowl to myself before i get up wit da peeps   i hope <propmale> knocks him out but it'll prob go to the decision  
time to get that t-day blizzzy in       thank u god for natural resources  wink 
at fed ex field ready to watch the redskins whoop the vikings 
"to all my friends involved in music   it's time for change again   i'm not kickin anyone out my life and i'll speak more on that later   from the few emcees that have checked out my recent musik, i've heard lots of good things so it's reinforcing the fact that i think my path is to create music "
can i just please have a good weekend for once   dammit   i lost my damn phone again!  messin with my neighbor   lls at this guy  
new phone 
"dammit, just because i'm tired doesn't mean i want to sleep    i should start tellin people to keep me awake   lol i don't wanna miss the good parts  "
come skins we can still pull it out
"nah, it's cool, i don't need to play with <propfirst>   if u wanna know how i feel about u, why don't u jus ask me, an i'll tell u   i don't mean that in a mean way  i'm jus a man of few words so i'd rather be direct "
"#12 i gave u my all an u played me   don't hate u for it but i just would rather u not have wasted our time if that is what it was  i still remem the good times too, it was good then   so what happened?"
gone to get some smoke time wit my cuzzo   
"#707 you've always been around with that awesome smile and def make me feel good when you're around   nothin but good times and your love for anime parallels mine   definitely pure of heart, i really appreciate u in my life and hope we get to grow old an have many laughs over the years "
"#28 though we've known each other from wayy back, we still have lots to learn   from what i know u are an awesome god fearing woman who is going after what she wants, takes care of her own, don't take no crap but still manages to entertain people   hope to work with u in the future   "
lls @ somebody's comment on my number    hahaha had lots of fun back in tha oaks
"#6 well goodness, u are outgoing and seem to enjoy yourself   cute n seem to handle urs   it's always been coo the few times we've <propmale> out   haha a couple of really funny moments  "
"#187 to me, u are the complete opposite of that  when i first got to know u, i thought u were a goody two shoes to the core an i thought that was pretty cool   u have ur few quirks but u seem genuine and down to earth   we really only know each other thru our friend but ur alright in my book "
what a long @$$ day at work    i probably drove more than the time we worked 
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i'm sure that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour!"
let's go redskins!!!! good run torain!
dammit gano    
fumblleeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
next jersey i'm buyin is gonna be <propfirst> torain!!!  he's wreckin today 
"that time lapse video of the snow fallin through that roof is crazy   that would suck to have had tickets for that game an now they're playin in detroit   on a side note, the falcons are puttin a beatdown on the panthers  "
i need more cakes for mafia     
i got a promotion!  finally some good news since i've been workin my arse off  
goin to see if <propmale> hopkins still has it in him   that an a lil bit of smokin is my night   not doin much but gonna have fun doin it  
"i'ma keep faith today, let's go redskins u can beat <propfirst>! hail!"
i have no idea why i'm up at 3 am watching the eclipse when i have to work at 6 am  considering that i woke up at 1  ummm lol goodnight 
"honestly i'm not in much of a holiday mood  <propfemale> christmas, happy birthday to jesus, an all that   i'm only giving a few friends some select presents and i do mean very few, less than 5 people if even that   i'm sorry family and other friends, i've been workin my ass off to make sure that i have a future and though i've had the occasional spendthrift moments i haven't done much this year "
korean food = a slice of heaven 
i'm considering a big dose of fukit stew 
i need my hair did     playful    anybody?
<propfemale> minaj ain't no damn monster   she look like one   i'ma fcukin monster wit these beats!  whoooooooooooooooooooooooooowheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee good!
"dam the like an dislike, they need an inbetween   somethin that says this is cool, not great an not horrible but u need to come correct the next go around "
"steppin out, hit da celly if u need me   if u can't see it on the <propfemale> then ur prob not up there or even on my list "
"do what the fcuk u wanna do \\no cheating! post this as your status even if your ' taken\ and see what they want from you ", inbox only annoyed 510983c4cdce785b26c23a0cc557f2e1,stupid #%&*$% phone   not my night  
this is gonna be a long walk to the bus stop     are busses runnin today??  does anyone wanna give me a ride to my ride?
"stay in, get fuked up, make some music or go out, get fuked up, an see my friend an his band rock the house at a show tonight??"
smoke on
just sorted thru my music collection   i have a straight 55 days of music   damn 
on my way out to rt 29     to get zooted  
why xbox     why    dammit
headin out to see my friend perform at sonoma's in columbia   get crunk or get ghost 
ahhhhh i found my yearbook from basic   josh yauger <propfemale> crowder heh   
"if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad, and that you love him dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad  1?"
sleep sure does sound good right now   
"<propmale> hall was named pro bowl mvp for his exceptional role in an nfc victory today including an interception, forced fumble, fumble recovery and touchdown! orakpo and <propmale> also had impressive performances to combine for a strong overall redskins showing in hawaii "
on some dafuk sh1t today      
"would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  but i want you to lie   that's right  just make it up  after your comment, copy this to your status (if you dare) so i can do the same"
contemplatin a haircut       but i dunno           
"how many complete episodes were there of \the twilight zone\""?  i'm ready to get'em """
"why would i fakebelieve a groundhog when: \in reality, pennsylvania's prophetic rodent doesn't see much of anything  the result is actually decided in advance by 14 members of the inner circle, who <propmale> tuxedos and top hats for the event \\what inner circle?  of meteorologists i would hope   "
"owwwww my neck, ohhhhhhhh my back   awwwwwww my neck an my back   "
"i'd have to say yesterday was the best superbowl party i've been to in a while   thanks <propfemale>, the food was bangin, had some laughs, the better team won    "
i jammed my thumb today at work   chill night for me 
there will be no more beatin around the bush   u have been warned 
oh damn   it's <propfirst>s day?  i didn't notice cause i just worked for 12 hours   any ladies wanna be my <propfirst>?
was that @ me?
an hour early ready to fly like a <propfemale>
i'm        
anyone from the <propmale> burnie area know what happened up at the vfw last night???? there were over 20 police cars out there at least 10 others i saw driving around an they was suitin up an goin in da trunk!!!!! i just wanna know what happened 
it's alllll about the music   
is there no way to turn the mind off?? i don't wanna think right now  
i don't like the saying but goin ham on this beat    prob got some diggin out to do tomorrow so i'm goin to bed 
i'm workin on it      
"yo ishmael kesting where u at? i made another beat last night   man     i need u on this one, it's soooo hard   get back at me   asap   "
no cheating: put this as your status and see what <propfirst> end up in your inbox only ! 1  a second <propmale> 2  i like you now 3  i used to like you 4  i want a long term relationsh ip with you   5  a friendship 6  to chill with you 7  to cuddle with you 8  a kiss 9  a hickie 10  an apology 12  a hug 13  sex 14  a sleepover
what's that movie with <propmale> carrey where he can't say no?
i'm happy and miserable at the same time   
"don't get mad     i'm taking this quote from a news article cause it's funny   \\\all this snow is a tough pill to swallow", especially for those counting on the groundhog’s prediction of an early spring \510983c4cdce785b26c23a0cc557f2e1,"i wanna make a movie and no i'm not talkin about those stupid songs about sex an porno's   yes that's exactly what those songs are talking about   \\my movie   well i can't give u the details just yet, i'll let u know when i'm ready  i'm still pre-planning"
i wish i knew what was bothering me   it's like i can feel that somethin is not right and i don't know   right now i just don't know 
"oh today?  naw i don't change moods an feelings so quick, i'm still not feelin it   i'm not sick physically but everythin's gettin to me   an i don't wanna hate so i'ma say this   some of yall need to get diagnosed for parkinsons cause u are shakin your heads too much  i'm jus sayin     "
"<propfirst> corrigan keep me up to date man, i'm glad he don't have brain damage and i still pray he comes back to yall soon "
katima cupcakeninja underwood baskin robbins closed the group scoop but the email said they still gonna send a free scoop to the people who participated 
"the only thing i feel that's keeping me happy is hope   my music that i make cause i can put my feelings into sounds that simply aren't empty words, the feelings i get when someone else is flowin on my beats, i love it an there's nothin better   i ain't gonna tell yall to watch out for me an mines cause when we get on u won't be able to ignore us!  to all my local artists, keep doin the damn thang!"
p s  i ain't smoke in a few days    lol anybody gotta blunt?  i'll put in   
uh oh    not good   i'm lacking sustenance    seriously  eyes are playin colorful trix on me     but not dizzy  
"does anyone really have genuine intentions anymore?  so much saying one thing and doing another, so much doing one thing because u want somethin in return, so much wanting and not a whole lot of needing   im included in this also but i still give more than i receive  so i'ma do like the hulk(eric bana) an tell u if u want it, take it, take it all!"
fooooooooooooood  smile 
oooooo lol i got it!  lmao    i wanna make a live action goldenboy based off the anime    laugh  hehehe that'd be hilarious   
dammit   still seeing flashing color an it's like the light is flickering    like an epilepsy episode    but it's in my eyes  
"april 9th   potentially the best boxing card of the year!  that's not a scheduled tournament of course   super 6 wrap-up later an bantamweight tourney are all good now \\<propmale> maidana vs <propmale> morales\<propfirst> guerrero vs <propfirst> katsidis\winky wright vs <propfirst> macklin\\in vegas for the ppv\and extended from nj\\tomasz adamek vs <propfirst> mcbride"
i'm antsy
i need a vocalist to sing this hook    
"tired    another 12 hour day   gettin soaked outside in the rain   but my work looks fukin gooooooood! i will take pix tomorrow, yall can see what i do for a living "
i think it's a let the fro out day    my hair is freaking awesome! lol
"hmmm i'm feelin better, maybe even a lil generous    lookin for somethin to do, i prob won't say no   lol anybody?"
"i won't stop, not when this music reaches me to my core   i used to just listen a lot but now i feel it, truely   and one can say it's simply instruments and notes, words an sounds but i can feel it   and i will make it, all alone or with people behind me   i will make an album "
"ok tha's coo, i ain't worried about it "
kimchi pancakes! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
another 12 hour workday      yayyyyyyyyy                  annoyed 
so many thoughts running through my head that i don't have half a mind to sort through them     
u know   i don't hate that i'm about to say this   this site really sucks   it's time to unplug   i feel like i really need a break from this world of fb   there're ways of contacting me    c-yaz
p s  no i'm not back  i still say fu to all of fb   peace   
just came to check   nope still the same old bull shit  a bunch of fb's  
"me goin ham??? nawww man, i'm bout to go <propfirst> brown    "
"friday begins another 30 beats in 30 days so the comp is only gonna be dedicated to music   nothin else to say at the moment, still would rather be left alone   why i been feelin some kinda way lately   i have no need to e playful lain "
hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa muuuuusiiiiiiiiiikkkkkkkkk bitches! that is all  
release yo delf
"i wonder, am i making the right decisions?  only time will tell "
maybe i do need help   anyone wanna forcefully plug me back into life     
"i'm open to suggestions       oh and yes, i have returnded"
fukity fuk fukin fukit   damnit   
"i'm here    still here   it's about time to put away childish things   to all my friends, i will apologize in advance, i find myself becoming the asshole and right now i'm not tryin to stop it   maybe i can save myself, maybe friends will help   but the me i am is ready to lose myself "
dang  sunday came an gone and i didn't get no peeps  
"bewarey, be prepared for my ish  cause i'ma throw it at u constantly "
"yep, korean food makes u sweat   lol      whoooshhhhhh"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh degi-gogi is soooooooo damn delicious  
randomness:  somebody's wife wants to cheat with me   at least that's what my email says   
some music announcements coming soon   i'll tell ya when i'm good n ready to  
"goin for a <propmale> ride, by myself      damn   "
i wear my heart   not just on my sleeve  so all i ask is that u wipe your feet before u step on it   
"let's see what my wonderful(not really, it crappy an sux) job has in store for me for today, do i get an good day an good weekend or a long day an short weekend "
if things continue this way  there will be no more relationship   gotta wonder if there even is one now   
and so it begins   
how do i bring it all together?
finding friends with such a common name is so hard   where the hell are u <propfirst>    
why have i been up for 3 hours already       wake n bake   yep
got the house to myself   nice rain day out   smoke day in     
oh yes    jus found some chiefies    made my day a lil better    now to get cheeky 
i need to plug back in   and i don't mean online  
continuing from earlier   might need to unplug from here again in tryin to get back connected with u family an friends who mean much to me 
ehhhh i'm not likin the way the weather looks for tomorrow   please don't have me workin outside in a damn thunderstorm      eh
rain + work = me soakin wet   i can already see it   please don't let me get sick      lol how much am i earning today????           
"interesting: your foot is the size of your forearm from the wrist to the inside of the elbow  supposedly   \\considering i work for a company installing gutters, would it be suffice to say it's ok to have my mind in the gutter??  playful "
ok ok yeah i'm gonna fix ur damn computer   lol
my feelings an that movie    are too damn similar 
how the hell do i have damn writers block   
soooo today is the first step cause i bought the electronic cigarette   let's hope this helps! lol after i finish this pack i have   playful 
yep i'm sitting here unable to figure out the next activity  my interest level is pretty low right now  sleep is a very viable option  
hmmm is it a go out or stay in night   that is the question 
man  i can make a whole album with samples from the music of one of the best video games from all time!
"i need a tire, just one, for a honda odyssey, anyone got a hook up or should i be headin back to the dealer?"
"i'ma make this beat today, that i can guarantee! esp with what i jus got last night    oooooooooooweeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
the food was goooooooooooooood   now  music 
"laundry, smokin and    hrmmmmm  playful "
been a while since i fixed a comp   feels nice   now pay me! lol j k <propfemale> <propfirst> mccausland
i need to get my synapses back to firing in rapid rotation   i feel motivated to 
is smilin 
ahhhh @ the things i choose to divulge    or not   
what kind of song should i make first?  gangsta? ghetto love? smoke?  and mirrors?  deep thoughts? storytelling? this a voting process but i didn't want to make it a question poll   
"almost done building <propfemale> <propfirst> mccausland a computer   hookin up my new surround sound system, puttin the ps3 back in da room so i can get these 2 free games cause they're so hackable and so we can watch this movie on thursday   life   right now?   not too shabby "
the left side of my stomach is growling at the right side of my stomach   lmao  
don't make a big deal out of stuff that's not gonna matter in 10 minutes     this is to everyone  to everyone but not meant for everyone   some people do have common sense 
life ain't easy 
"makin some moves       movin to make somen, keepin shit cool but a nigg might brake somen   "
gettin ready for work   this is a green weekend   all systems go 
goin to get a cigarillo from the store   then gonna sit back an listen to my beats  
"before i forget  lmao, i whooooooooped my 2 coworkers @$$es in halo 3 and reach and cod:bo   lol just sayin cause it doesn't happen often  "
"ok i'ma work on some music, oh make that smoke first an then work on some music   can't wait till later on this evening "
sooooooo pissed at myself for my stupid mistake   but i will say happy fathers day!! to all those who are fathers an dads to their kids   and to those moms who have to be the father also 
really wants to finish this song for his father   prob won't happen today but today still gives me much motivation to   thanks for being there for me an i'm still tryin hard for u 
bleh   yep
yeah    right now   idgaff
goin for a lil japanimation marathon   team nine tails! sfs
why can't there be a reset button  
somethin somethin somethin   it's all about the music   somethin  
there truely is no reset but i can surely refresh an restart 
oh and just so u know   really it's always 4:20   
i'm so numb mentally an emotionally lately  i can barely gather my thoughts and i want to focus on music but i just don't know where my head is at   i need a shrink  
"lol at the lies people tell just to get their way   so say i choose not to be nice anymore, how much hate can i accumulate??? hahaha    yep yep "
what's the title of your song?  make up somethin if u can't think of a title that would fit u   i'm interested to hear what song titles people can come up with  
a couple weeks of downtime might be nice  
damn    exactly 18 more weeks huh   do i have to live out the rest of this year??  i suppose i do   but maybe i'll have a good time  
"i'm here       am i here??   bleh, i lost my words for the rest of the day   "
afro??
hard day today   workin out in the nasty humid heat    but gotta work for somethin   ncr
"i can't make it there in 13 <propfemale>s   well    yeah if u know me, i can but not tryina risk it right now   sooo i'll partake alone for a <propfemale> "
maybe i need to speed things up again    so much work cut out for me   things will get better  
i wonder who she is     
damn     do i really have to turn 30????   why am i worrying about it now    lol shit  i'm jus gonna focus on makin it enjoyable when it comes 
hopefully i'll have a good day tomorrow   full nights rest for now as workin in the hot sun drains a lot out of someone   night all  
hr we are gonna need to talk hr          this money is not what my stub yesterday said hr      this is ncr    
welcome to facebook   where love stories are perfect  where shit talkers tell the truth  where everyone brags they have the perfect life and claim to be in love with their partners  where your enemies are the ones that visit your profile the most  where your ex-friends block you  where your ex-love unfriends you  where you post something and people interpret whatever the hell they want  repost this if you agree 
my mom is watching face off   must be a travolta fan    lmao   
smokin on information   
ok    ok  cue the music 
maybe i might try the pulled pork sandwich at subway    looks good   
ay        tell'em it's on!
damn   just realized that those 2 weeks i wasn't on here i missed a few things     
goodnight facebook
i need a food choice    heat gots me hungry 
chick-fil-a sounds good right about now 
i'm askin myself what the hell am i doin?  i need to learn some impatience  lol
i am trying to place my needs and the needs of others above my wants   it's hard figuring out what's what 
damn   should i go back to sleep for a few more hours   i'm sure it'll still be around the 90º <propfirst>  
it said beavis and butthead are coming back this fall but it wouldn't let me open the link   man i remem watchin in the good old days with my boy <propfirst> shaffner 
<propmale> walden i'ma prob be stoppin out that way before u get this but i'm bringin that dipset memorial day mixtape cd 
hmmmm not cool   my cable was cut off for a while   first night it's back on an now i'm up at 5 am on stupid ol facebook     well i'm just up at 5 am an there's nothin else to do 
japanese x-men is so much more awesome than american x-men     that is all  
"sibling war!!! copy this if you are the smartest, best looking and funniest of your siblings  if this stands for an hour without your sister or brother posting, you win!"
i need an awesome and funny alias name for a blog i was invited to   suggestions are suggested  otherwise i'll have to stick with afrolicious   see how horrible that is    help me  
i have a plan in the works   i hope everythin works out though it may take some time   lord willing it will 
i stepped in ice cream    
sometimes being a scorpio is exhausting         there's always a want to know    at least why    lol or how  
"sh*t, dam*, almost 3 months     "
an on that note goodnight facebook 
one of those days   too tired   goodnight facebook peoples 
at my boys house chillin  gettin ready to <propfemale> with my cousin   
good mornin facebook   long day of work down in la plata today 
gonna get a lil herbal relaxation in   work did a number on me   
ravens vs eagles   football has arrived!
yeah   my account this morning leaves me a little unmotivated for work   but i still do what i need to 
"ok i've sat around for too many weeks, i'm goin out tonight, what's a good destination??  lemme know on the celly 443-458-3912  "
maaaannnnnn    i took my afro out when i went out last night an had people ask to take a picture with me??    is it really that cool?  my hair is more famous than me?? lol for now i suppose so  
time to clean house   after a nice bowl hit    playful 
"ishmael, if u get up here jus hit my celly cause i'm bout to step out "
"cot damn, the team is back togetha!!  me an my nigg ready to wreak some havoc    after a j   hahaaa"
lol at new additions to my odd movie collection  
wake n bake time  
i know we'll get a song done today   i got an early start an now it's time to make a beat from scratch   i need a theme   or a subject  
here i come bowie   dang so much for breakfast   it's a ride n smoke day  
damn   my head hurts  
"nugs, nugs, nugsnugsnugs! sorry f shots    laugh  enjoy your evening "
late night chief session   hit da celly  
"can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 1 hour? it is special education week & autism & adhd awareness month, and this is in honor of all children!"
it's always 420 by my watch  thanks april 
time for work   come on early friday! pretty please    workin my butt off today to spend some time with good friends later 
redskins rule!!!!
note playful ointing out others stupidity usually doesn't accomplish much 
"the show was cool last night, def motivates me to make some music today "
it's still 420 by my watch 
"what's on my mind   music, money for music equipment work tools, smokin, a few chicks an one mainly in particular, bein a bit celebratory an pretty mournful tomorrow, but preparin for a long weekend of either work if i have to work, or enjoyin one of my best friends b-day weekend    mostly that   "
"<propfemale> <propfirst> mccausland just so u know there were 3 first ju-on's, one made in 2k, one in 2k3, an the american \the grudge\""  all with sequals   but i have them """
what's goin on tonight people?  it's my boy's b-day an i may take him out to have a good time   what's happenin?
why did i agree to work outside tomorrow     damn   
let's get fuked up  
"wit my peeps, gettin on a good level an decidin where to go "
"this is why i hate working outside    soakin wet   got no green, no liquor, an nowhere to go   i'm jus chilly an chillin   "
"my phone is on the fritz   no one can hear what i say an i can't hear anyone either, if u need to contact me, either text me or do so online, thx "
"only thing to do is make music, let's see if i can brew up a storm my damn self   playful "
"i'm no shoulder to cry on, but i try to be there when i can   one of my peeps friend got killed in a car accident   can u please say prayer for their family and him   need to go offer a lil comfort  dunno what i can do  i'm goin back into the storm   c-yall later "
ahh i slept thru the storm   oh well  r i p  to those that died   sucks for those that lost power but life goes on 
"tired of empty promises, i don't talk much so i don't say shit i won't do  i am man enough to admit that i said a lot in the past that i didn't live up to, more from laziness but i changed that   i'm still lazy, don't get me wrong   lol extremely   but i'm as honest an real as it gets these days   is there even a point to all this?"
it's so early      why did i wake up at 6 am again     lol
kimchee pancakes!!!!!!!!! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm    playful 
on that mission         lol so much for not goin out this week   i can't stay in da house   
yeah                                
"sure, i will play the number game   inbox me a #    an i'll answer   this isn't the best of times so i might just say some shit   just cause i can do what i wanna do   "
and the mission continues     but i now have a destination    also still playin <propfirst> game so inbox me a number   or text it to me an i'll tell u directly 
sumkina kush  playful 
"707,  playful  well we are who we are, you are such a good person an great friend to so many people   i'm glad that we know each other an u better be there in nov   i hope u get to see all of the world u want to see an take an one day famously publish your awesome pictures "
facebook at 5 in the morning before work    damn myself   lol
"858,408 arrests for cannabis related crimes in 2009 with 89% being for possession only  we tax payers in <propfemale> spend about 1 billion dollars to incarcerate these people each year  15 billion dollars spent in 2010 on the war on drugs = $500 per second  is it really worth it? legalize it! tax it!"
"cleaning time, then rolling time, and thennnnnnnnnn      "
"my heart weighs heavy, it's filled with love an that's all i usually show others, but hate has punctured a hole in it and it just keeps opening wider   i'm never focused anymore, the people i think about constantly hardly seem to give 2 shits about me so i'll jus stay going thru the motions until something gives      "
who stole the cookie from the cookie jar?   playful 
goin to <propfemale> wit one of my best buds   and i'm <propfemale>in out with my friend too    heh 
thank u lord for makin my cable <propmale> only 28 bucks   saved me some trouble 
going to watch ju-on 2003 japanese version   yay     
"guarantee not 1 of my facebook friend will copy this post   if you would be there for me then copy this    i am doing this to prove a friend wrong that someone is always listening    nypd, fdny and ems officers were not invited to the tenth anniversary ceremony of 9 11    mayor bloomberg claims there is no room for them    10 years ago, they weren't invited, but they showed up when everyone else was running out!!! re-post if you agree they should be there!!"
let's go n o 
damn i love kimchee jigae
"10 years ago?  me, i was a soldier in the military   it was a very hectic and crazy day and something i will never forget   appreciate every day you're given "
rollin a phat j in rememberance   i don't drink but i'll still pour out some liquor 
at the redskins game  such a good day 
shit jus got real   i got a dual core       laugh 
i only had 2 tickets  tryin to get a group together for the next 
"so tired of talkin, dun even feel like e playful lainin why   it's about time to implement my plans, that only includes a select few   tha's all i need to say "
"my music heads should know this one, my quote for the day before i leave for work   read a book, read a book, read a muthafukin book! - bomani armah"
money to be made  
bout to watch this fight   not gonna take a guess on the outcome but i just hope it's as good as it should be       hmmm do have to say though  team ortiz! lol do it like them skins did the little giants!   
eeeeheheheh that was hilarious   the undercards were just as good as the fight up to the end though so i'm happy   esp the morales fight 
"i'm a forward thinker, usually straight and logical   but logic these days just don't seem to hold true   so now what to do?  so now what to do       "
money money monay        monay  lemme know if u up d i need to holla at u 
damn   why am i considerin buyin a steelers jersey        i gotta go get some green cause i'm not thinkin right lol  
naw i'm not playin no numbers   if u wanted to know what i thought of u then why not ask before?
ok well the next computer ain't happening this week   sooo should i buy the webcam(hd of course)?  fm transmitter(for mp3 player in the work truck)? or power inverter(for the work truck an general use)?  or     the usual?(not worth the price but it's some good)  lol
it's saturday an i have no destination   i've done all i needed for the week but have nothin to do didn't make any plans for relax time  sleep sounds good enough though as i barely get any of that   
yay in 2 hours i can get back to makin music   jus waitin on reason to finish downloading for the umpteenth time   dunno where i put the dvd or who i let borrow it so jus gonna re-install with a fresh copy   i'm also downloadin at 1 2 mb so i'm happy enough 
an hour till i get back on reason an make a beat that's been 2 weeks in waiting  guess i'll go grab a blunt first   on the solo tonight it seems 
downloading at 1 7 mb s   still need blunt   brb  gotta roll an smoke too  hit da celly if u need me 
"reason installed, ableton live installed (soundpacks unloading now), woke up but missed 4:20 so i'm partaking now   after the sun comes up i'm pluggin everythin back in an at least finishin a beat before i go back to sleep, smoke an maybe write some, that is if i go back to sleep   "
i'm up an running   let's see what this comp can handle music wise   all da instruments  can u take all da instruments??
"food, music, green   any order u wanna take'em in   i'ma go green for now then grab some food an then work on music "
thinkin to myself who do i give my old comp to    not sure who really needs it more an i guess it still depends on this next check   i am leanin towards the person who needs to do much photo editing though over use for movies an games   let's see if i can put a couple of systems together with what i got  i'll be sad to see that comp go though cause i uprgraded it to peak performance of it's time    lol almost 10 yrs ago   haha
"damn baltimore, everytime i turn around u scorin again?  thanks flacco, get my fantasy qb status up!"
rice an degi gogi  love it!
lol damn a whole day to myself an i haven't even smoked a blunt yet   conservative maybe??? haha
"better to ask an see rather than do nothing   this is for yall that know their hip-hop fashions from the mid-late 90's   i'm lookin for any t-shirts from the rugged ruggid wear clothing lines and anything from the dalinkwent wear lines   the artist for the designs was jomaro f kindred   i don't care if they're old or not, i will take it off ur hands   let me know   i'll post some pics later to show what i'm talkin about "
goin to be non-sociable just the way i like to be    my fav   shut up an smoke it b 
so i almost broke my arm today   cause i'm silly   and my leg or possibly legs   but we got the job done         
yay for my heavy ass computer   i'm bout to go rewatch the sucker punch   some anime too maybe  an smoke an rest this big ass bruise on my arm   i hope it's not too sore tomorrow cause that's my dominant hand for work   can i drill with my left  lol
i cannot go back 3 spaces in this game of life   i or u was never here to play anyways   but the game never ends so i will play to win 
"bowl hit, reason 5 1, blunt, an chill   eat somethin later   that's all for today   "
chillin much cause ladder fell on my hand  i'm in rest an recuperation mode for the weekend   hmj
"well i fell asleep while waitin on some calls last night   least i got a good nights rest   on to work  i'm gonna hit u later, <propfemale> prettigurl emptyheart sharps or text me when u wake up   we'll celebrate later today <propfemale> <propmale>"
one of the worst days at work   i literally just got home 40 mins ago   now i'm goin to sleep so i can wake up in an hour an a half to do another long  possibly 12 to 15 hour day    let's hope it's easy jobs an i can get free at a normal hour   ihmj
i've been awake for 30 mins at least and the feeeling still hasn't returned to my right hand yet        ummm i need a doctor?
oh yeah i forgot to mention      if u were driving on 495(inner loop) past <propfemale> avenue last night around 10:20 pm      yeah that was me in the big ass boxtruck with the tire that blew out    my company sucks at vehicle maintence   so i apologize   i'm sure it scared the hell out of some people cause i was shook 
what time is it????  playful 
"sometimes i get tired of running around  it's like, can't i get a week to just stay home?    or is it me not bein able to stay in cause i'd rather be out with friends   either way i'll be back later    playful  c-yaz  damn myself  "
"hey,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,that computer show i was gonna get my 2nd comp at is over by my boys place    can we say 2nd computer coming up???  playful   hmmmm damn decisions  save money now for my b-day since no one else will probably splurge on me   or buy a comp i don't necesarilly need to enjoy many hours of internet entertainment??? do i need to ask myself that  everyone knows me      lol"
heh what u look good   playful 
ok new plan   need friends help on this one  no more electronics till black friday    besides the comp i didn't get today cause the guy didn't have it there   hope i can at least keep myself in check  
show i haven't watched in years that i'd prob like to see jus for an old laugh: <propmale> <propfirst> can't lose    heh
ok boss says come in at 12 so does that mean i'll be workin till 12 lmao  sh1t
damn   i haven't all day   i'll be back in 4 mins an 20 seconds    
i frequently laugh because more often than not mostly everyone has it all wrong  
i guess i can   i haven't plugged my xbox in for at least a half a year  so let's see what i get 
i'ma make the simplest beat     just cause i wanna do somethin 
ahhh yes   the joys of working   i was written up at work because of that tire blowout i had on friday   considering that we worked a 20 hour day an i didn't make it in on saturday   
"yay, 10 mins before work an my boss tells me i'm off   thanks, u make me love this job                          \ indecision "
"so i'm off work today   wake n bake, cleaning(extensive since i'm a bachelor), annnnndddddd      building a computer(old pentium 4) for a friend   maybe going \fishing later on   "
"hey peoples    that new song where the hook has the chick sayin <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>     what's the name of that song??"
"dam  caught between stayin quiet as i've been all my life(in my opinion it's better to say less and do more say what's important get to the point) or bein uncomfortable talkin more to people, some that make it seem like i'm wastin my breath   not many, just some    heh"
new fro pic comin later   gotta keep the progress updated 
"i'm happy with this new 2nd comp   it's a beast   also got more memory for the studio comp   i'ma be set by the end of the year if i can start gettin some real studio equip soon   but for the next few weeks i have other things to save for   who wants to plan my birthday outing?  i'll pay the funds, just wanna get out and have a good time   even if i end up not remembering it,  playful  "
hmmm an hour and a half   should i drive out to the computer show again an get a few things??  i don't wanna miss a <propfemale> of the redskins whoopin the eagles today   but it's my last <propmale> for a few weeks   yeah i'll just wait 
