fff2529404d766b82221a6645c43dba8
is really bad at staying in touch with people 
the movie repo-the genetic opera is one of my new favorites  rented it then had to buy it cuz it rocked my socks off 
transformers 2 was good-despite the awful reviews  worth seeing on the big screen 
its hot    and its not even noon yet 
dizzy
really wishes it would start raining money  just not coins-cuz that would hurt 
baby #2 is gonna be a girl!! all looks good so far-baby is growing well  i'm a little scared by the fact that means i will someday have 2 teenage girls in the same house-but i'm still   excited 
went to a great conference with my mom  feeling inspired and sooo glad i went  it was awesome!
excited 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
tired of being pregnant  not too much longer though 
moving in a week  baby due sometime in the next month  lots to get done 
gonna have the baby soon! probably will have an induction on the 23 if shes not born before then  at least i'll be at home for thanksgiving that way  i'm excited!
soooo ready to have this baby 
"finally put up some recent pics  some of eza, some from baby shower, and a few random old ones that were still on my camera "
going in for induction on the 17th so <propfemale> will be born sometime on the 18th  unless of course she decides to come on her own sooner  so excited!
cannot stop eating today    i keep eating more and more and not feeling full    guess i'll enjoy these last couple days of being a pregnant heffalump 
is weirded out by the strange animal noises coming from the woods 
mmmmm      cornbread 
one more day    
going into reston hospital at 7 smile 0pm tomorrow (17th) to start the induction process  send good thoughts my way that all goes well and baby is healthy!
still in hospital-no baby yet  at least they have wi-fi  i hate hospitals  should have baby around mid-day today   smile 
"<propfemale> raine silcott born novemebr 18th at 3 surprise 7pm, 7lbs 9oz, 19inches  baby and i both healthy and doing great  was blessed with an amazingly easy delivery   smile "
glad to be home  <propfemale> is amazing! <propfemale> is very happy to be a big sister  will post more pics at some point 
is stuffed 
loves my girls 
is amazed at how nice the people at the grocery store here were vs the falls church one 
good luck <propmale> webb and senate <propmale> 714! hopefully they discuss the things webb wants to include  check out norml for more info 
"feels better after exercising  it sucks when you are too big for even your \fat pants \"""""
made gingerbread houses with eza  it was awesome!
is peachy 
is ready to sleep but <propfemale> does not seem to want me to    
really needs a new watch 
thats alot of snow!!!!
just put up snow pictures- i'm still thawing out 
has a cookie addiction 
loves my husband  smile 
"new year, new chances "
this is wind is really getting old     
really should quit smoking 
mmmmm     bacon 
i love love love my husband   smile 
happy birthday to me  smile   smile   smile 
is peachy   smile 
is it spring yet???
"i love that <propfemale> \talks\"" to her mobile-but its not so great when i need sleep  i'm tired """
still loves peopleofwalmart com
going to check out houses tomorrow-hope it does not snow 
*insert something interesting here*
"car had a flat tire this morning, <propfirst> put the spare on and it was flat  very uncool  now the car is getting new tires "
cannot believe its snowing    again 
is tired 
just filed my taxes with turbotax com-tax refunds are awesome!!!!
ha! and i thought we had alot of snow in december     
why must facebook constantly change its layout  friggin annoying 
<propfemale> is five today!!!!!
hoping i get the house i want-find out tomorrow morning!!
anxiously awaiting an answer     
still waiting    
didn't get the house  guess it wasn't meant to be  back to looking 
has glasses now  did not realize how bad my vision was till i put them on  i can see-it's amazing! also have second car fixed  whoo-hoo!!
made cookies with <propfirst> and <propfirst> yesterday  i miss occoquan <propmale>  sad 
"rain, rain go away    "
got a speeding ticket yesterday   and only a few months away from a clean driving record  go me 
really getting tired of the house hunt 
"has dresden doll's \dirty business\"" stuck in my head """
hooray for brownies!!!
"going to dads today for burgers, beer, and beautiful weather! yeah!"
needs more coffee 
"<propfemale> is \not happy at me \"" it must be so hard being five   smile """
"getting really, really frustrated looking for a house  ones on craigslist are mostly scams  ugh "
going to look at more houses today-hope one is a winner 
ewww rain 
"so we were going by some cows the other day and i said \mmmm tasty\"" and eza goes \""yeah   espically with cheese \"" i love it!"""
"finally got a place!!! happy dance, happy dance, happy dance!!"
smells good smells coming from the grill    mmmm dinner 
there is a sonic right across the street from my new place  you know you're jealous   smile 
frustrated  stressed  tired 
got sunburn  ugh  but my new yard is looking better   smile 
"have internet, but comptuer does not work  borrowing neighbors for a <propfemale>  ugh  moving in is going well-almost all unpacked  doing a scentsy open house this sunday-if you wanna come call me "
finally has internet up and running!! thank you dad!!!!
got new neighbors who managed to piss off the neighborhood in their first two hours here  now that's talent!  smile 
new neighbors are now moving out   they claim they don't want any trouble  good riddance 
so the neighbor saga continues  the landlord is crazy  he just moved in two new people-while the other familys stuff is still in there  this is just wacky 
thank you mom and wayne-the front yard looks so much better   smile 
happy mothers day!
"<propfirst>'s harder lemonade, 8% a b v , rock on girly drinks!"
are we sure it's may? this cold weather is just stupid 
tired of the bad weather  <propfemale> needs to play outside  for her sanity and mine 
mmmmm coffee      
sooooo very tired of rain 
just registered <propfemale> for kindergarten  crazy! she starts in fall 
its been interesting    
<propfemale> is watching a <propfemale> movie with the spanish language track on  an annoying movie just became pure torture 
put some more recent pis up  they are in the random pictures album 
time to pry myself away from the computer and go do laundry  ugh   sad 
thinks ash hollow is awesome 
i remember when friday used to mean something    
is awesome 
melrose place up in the hollow 
is me 
spending today cleaning the house 
"<propfemale> i love you, your awesome, you kick <propmale> monster butt  happy now?  smile "
its hot today 
roar 
put up some new pictures of course i'm not in an cuz i'm always behind the camera 
pizzzzaaaaaaa    mmmmmmm
grrrrr    
not used to the power going out for no apparent reason  there was a bad line in the ground or something and only our row lost power  gay  it sucked to wake up without my coffee pot on  caffinated and happy now 
monday 
"anyone want a puppy six weeks from now?? neighbors dog just had 10 puppies-they are only keeping one  dad was a brendal pitbull and mom is a black lab  puppies are various colors-black, greyish, brown etc    let me now if you are interested "
sometimes being a grown-up sucks 
is awesome   smile 
so proud of <propfemale> for teaching herself (in about 10 minutes) how to ride a bike with no training wheels 
"argh, matey "
pondering the past   looking forward to the future 
new tattoo!! woot!!
"fluffy bunnies, rainbows, and lollipops "
wants to know why it has to be a battle and not just a peaceful parting 
bored  can anyone juggle or something? come and amuse me 
brains  mmmmmmmmm 
nachos = happy mouth 
zombies are jealous of how awesome you are 
"listening to dresden dolls, working on hemp jewelry, and enjoying the calm "
looking for <propmale> petty  anyone know his whereabouts? would be helpful  thanks 
i was literally in an entire building of fluffy bunnies last night  it was amazing! ;p
is 
"i knew you were taking the tv, but why did you have to take my food and knock things over  douche "
ugh 
the internet has something against me using utorrent  screw you internet  screw you 
french fries 
no wait   waffle fries    
or maybe pancakes    
the fridge is broken    lost all the food in it    murphy's law runs my life  ugh 
happy birthday eireanne!!! i  love 's you
is awesome 
feels lost 
woot!
really digging hollywood undead  how have i never heard of them before?
headache   ouch 
"the truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we\ are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled  for it is \only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to\ step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer \answers \- m  <propfirst> peck"
this too shall pass    
"have to be out of the house by monday  so far ,have no where else to go, a house filled with stuff that needs to be packed and put somewhere, and no income   isn't life grand   "
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
wow  just wow 
finding it all really difficult 
"ready to just pour gasoline on all my possessions, light a match, and walk away  don't freak out people-i won't actually do it-but man i bet it would make me feel better "
what's on yours?
"is that what you call a getaway, tell me what you got away with cuz i've seen more spine in jellyfish, i've seen more guts in 11 year old kids    "
each day is a new <propmale> 
will be homeless starting monday  it's kind of scary 
things are looking better already   smile 
has no phone  <propfirst> strikes again and i'm without a phone for the moment  i'm going  to get a pay as you go phone but it will be a new number  argh  when it rains    it pours 
ok so $120 and a few hours later and i have a phone again  message me and i will send you the new number 
strange dreams 
hmmmmmm    
mindless self indulgence   yes!
robot unicorn       attack!!!
another sleepless night left contemplating my choices   
out of ash hollow and back at my mom's   glad to be done with the packing and moving 
so good to spend today with my girls  eza got her ears pierced   she was awesome!
time to work on my resume and start the getting-a-job-again process 
just applied on-line for borders  hitting up the leesburg outlets tomorrow  i am sooo ready to make some money!
interview floor time at bcbg tomorrow   see how that goes   i mean look at bcbg com and then picture me selling that    hmmm  but lots of other possibilities also  and i'm all registered to take the ged on the 19th  all in all a successful day so far 
is feeling confident and optimistic   the future is looking bright 
yeah!!! i rock!! less then 48 hours and i'm employed again  got hired at bcbg  start next week  did two hours on the floor today as part f the interview process  it felt good to be selling clothes again (never thought i'd say that )  smile 
pretty sure i have a sinus infection   ugh 
mmmm   cheese 
lmao watching cops  there's two little kids getting busted for stealing and throwing rocks  the tough little mo-hawked 11 year old who had half a cigarette and a stolen lighter in his pocket is bawling his eyes out for mommy   priceless 
"wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions  no dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit  \                                     -<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"
just went on a great field trip with <propfemale> and have a full work schedule for the next week  if i was not sick    i'd say life is great a the moment 
really need to quit smoking   but i don't wanna 
is going to bed finally   gotta get up early in the am 
had an awesome first day of work  i think i'm really gonna like it there   smile 
ready to be over this sinus infection   isn't a week long enough  grrr 
phone just took a swim in the toilet  hoping it will dry out overnight but for now have no phone   sad 
yet again a new phone and new number   i lost all my contacts on the phone that went toilet diving  everyone please send me your <propfirst> in a message and i will give you my new one as well  thanx 
ged test tomorrow then work till close  gonna be a long day 
passed the parts of the ged i took yesterday   will know later today about the parts i just took   pretty positive i passed though  yay!
yyay!- officially passed the ged    i am awesome   smile 
mashed potatoes   mmmmmm
my feet hurt  would not recommend that anyone wear heels for 7 hours of walking around  ouch 
should really do better at keeping in touch and not blocking the world out 
loving my girls   smile 
needs a job asap 
<propfemale> christmas
getting ready to eat some christmas dinner  nom nom nom  smile 
hope everyone has a great day
going to work for e playful ress again!! this time at dulles  yay!
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this  please share-knowledge is power "
just had my first day as an administrative assistant for sequoia property management company  went great    think im gonna like it there   smile 
eza has strep throat  sad 
"i hate facebooks new profile style  they always say the are making it \better\""  i think this is way worse than the way it was """
long night with one sick kid and one who kept waking up crying  sooo tired 
getting over the flu 
sick and in the hospital   not how i want to spend my birthday   sad 
sooo ready to be out of the friggin hospital    wanna go celebrate my bday  prolly will not be out till tomorrow though  ugh  thanks everyone for the bday wishes!
its taking forever to get out of the hospital  doc said i can go but then they keep doing more things   im ready to yank the iv out and run 
ready for spring to come 
missing my girls   excited to see them tomorrow 
had a great belated birthday dinner at dads  it was awesome   im soooo stuffed 
should not have drank that coffee at 6 before work   now works done and i wanna sleep but can't 
wish my camera worked 
pancakes 
go away wind   it would be a much nicer day out 
can't wait till tax return money comes in 
parent teacher conference for eza tonight   hopefully its all good news   smile 
new clothes! yay! extra associate discount days rock 
so tired of closing shifts  to all you people that must try on the same exact pants and shirts in every color and then make the clothes look like a laundry pile   just stop   have some respect for the fact that we have to refold them when you leave 
thank you guy closing starbucks for my free drink but now i really wanna sleep 
closing again tonight but then off for two days   yay!!
"today has not been a good day tomorrow, i have high e playful ectations for you to be better "
ugh   i feel yucky 
"last load of laundry in the washer, eza playing happily, and <propfemale> napping   still feeling sick but all is good for now "
