778309df07ef12fe92dc2e89b76860e0
"time, please stop moving forward   it's dumb   there is not point to it   you should give it up "
"i am now an unlicensed, practicing surgeon"
the wonderful smell of bacon hangs heavy in the air 
eclipse is beginning
i'm pretty sure i don't belong on social networking sites 
"thought it was friday, turns out it's thursday   awesome!"
"nihilism, look into it, or don't   it doesn't matter either way "
"this is going to be great   school opens up in 2 hours, and i can get some more pics of the building and bust out some textures on those fancy monitors "
sammich time!  it's sammich time!
"anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either \<propfirst> einstein"
"oh rye bread, how long has it been?"
turning on the technologic   time to get cranking 
201
"back when i live in ny, i met a college student who didn't know the months of the year "
"monday monday monday monday, monday!"
"huh, the school computer remembered me logged in here   word "
fucks sake   i don't smoke 
"i love picking up my cell phone, and realizing it's the first time i've looked at it in three days "
time is slowing-g-g d-d-dow-wn-n-n-n-n                 !
the reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself  therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man  - <propfirst> <propmale> shaw
banana's rule 
"rudimentary panic event placed   just a button that triggers several panics every 30 seconds or so   not very hard to make it to the roof ladder before the panic events end   needs more zombies   probably a scripted event from the bridge on \the parish\"" finale """
"what's that?  five tanks in a row?  well if you're so good at killing them, that's what you deserve!"
"i overload in classrooms \what?\i don't make sense to myself "
"got that shit done!  when geneds take more time than core classes, i might be doing something wrong   "
successful job application to any mid-western company: i'm educated and i don't do meth 
"finally, a finale for iadz"
"apparently autodesk softimage|xsi is what valve uses in-house to make models for their games  here i am dicking around with 3ds <propmale>, fuck that  softimage, give it to me autodesk! i ? free software for students "
dragnet   it's a show   just the facts 
there is so much future on the internet   it's really fantastic 
morning people!
no!
"i have a really tough time taking homework seriously   like, seriously?  you want me to take time out of my day to do something that you want me to do, that i have no <propfemale> to do myself?  what kinda sense does that make?"
"sweet, thunderstorms are full of win!"
new season of southpark?  apparently it started a month ago   i must be living under some kind of rock without a tv 
you know what farmville and school have in common?  they're both thinly veiled skinner boxes   think about it 
anybody?
"college <propfemale> debt, why do you do it?  where's the guarantee?"
