16bbcccc68c885921ca6f834bd58be3c
happy new year to all my loved ones! we had a fabulous nite with family and then friends  <propmale> was devastatingly handsome in his suit! i do believe i fell in love with him all over again! he never ceases to amaze me  <silly grin!>
i'm tired this morning  i was up late with ms  <propfemale> planning an amazing seminar we are going to hold january 18  more details to follow but rest assured that this will be an event you don't want to miss!
"is worn out after a very long weekend of food, family, and fun  i am relaxing and resting with a wonderful glass of homemade wine and waiting on my man to come cook me a steak   smile "
is enjoying the lovely pitter-patter of the rain  what isn't so lovely is the aroma of wet dog wafting throughout the house  why is it that the dogs want to come and roll all over you when they are wet and smelly? i guess they just want to share the love 
is happy  thanks god!!
happy father's day to all the dads 
"is ready to finish my project from hell    cleaning and decorating <propmale>'s house!! lol! and   i finished my chaps! yeehaw! oh yeah (i'm full of info today), this saturday you can have your <propmale> to be in the movie \a few brains more\""  put on your finest"""
is nursing a sore foot  icepacks are our friends 
is wondering why i agreed to another puppy  sigh 
"says \good morning world! have a blessed day!\"""""
is ready for the weekend  everyone stay safe and remember your sunscreen!
is blessed by friends old and new 
"is pleased with the mediation today  no settlement reached, but many steps in the right direction were taken  thank you, god, for your hand in this today and everyday!"
is ready for the weekend and some quiet time before the kids get home 
"is tired after a long, long weekend  looking forward to playing with the puppies tonight and watching \gran torino\"" with my hunnie """
is feeling a huge sense of accomplishment! <propmale> and i just completed replacing the heating element in the dryer! the house is almost together now!!!! yay!!!
no more bullshit 
has a headache 
"is asking everyone to pray hard for my sister-in-law, <propfemale>, and her family  she had a severe asthma attack yesterday & is now in bad shape  don't have all the details yet as they are in or and she is \ex\"" family  the doctors don't know the extent of brai"""
"is asking everyone to pray hard for my ex-sister-in-law, <propfemale>, and her family  she had a severe asthma attack wednesday & was without oxygen for at least an hour  the doctors don't know the extent of brain damage yet  she is on a ventilator and they have"
"got bad news last night about <propfemale>  i don't even know how to type the words  basically, she's brain dead  they are going to take her off the ventilator and the doctors give her about two days after that  <propfirst> is flying out today to be with his family  pr"
"this is going to be very unorthodox, but we are trying to raise money to get <propfirst> out to oregon to be there with his family  he needs another $500 to get his plane ticket  if you can contribute anything, please let us know  i have a paypal account set up "
"update: <propfirst> made it to or on saturday afternoon and joined his family at the hospital  <propfemale> passed within 10 minutes of being removed from the ventilator  many thanks and much love to all of your prayers, support, and help  <propfirst> and i haven't been marri"
is thrilled with jumping through hoops and cutting lots of red tape in an effort to get past this chapter of my life  only with god's help can i do this without being totally pissy and bitchy  ya'll pray for me that i will get a very positive and speedy r
"missing <propmale> who left for the mopar nats today    but maybe i'll get some stuff done at my house rather than his with him gone! then again, maybe i will just be a couch potato and do nothing  decisions, decisions    "
is wondering where all my energy has gone  gonna make cupcakes for <propfemale>'s birthday tomorrow  i can't believe my baby is gonna be 13!!!!
"happy birthday to tabby! happy birthday to tabby! happy birthday, i love you! happy birthday to tabby!"
is hot and tired  i am looking forward to a quiet day tomorrow  the last several have been crazy!
is gonna enjoy a lazy friday and then watch movies with my sweetie tonight  i'm loving my 'drama-free zone '    smile 
is happy 
rode <propfemale> bike for 1 5 <propmale> today  this is the third day in a row i've gotten off my tuckas and rode my bike  each day i've gone a little further  i'm so proud of myself 
day five on <propfemale> bike  i'm about to keel over! ya'll keep encouraging me; i've got a lot of weight to get rid of and need all your prayers to keep me going! i really want to be a size 10 by christmas  it's gonna take a whole lotta peddlin!  smile 
"is back from a visit with my mom and step-dad in swan quarter  it was nice to visit, but it is sure nice to be home  the mosquitos down there are something else    they are huge and thirsty!!!! i'm so glad we don't have such monsters here!"
is recovering from the kick-off party last night  we met some great new friends and had a great time  you guys come check out river city arts on 3rd st in smithfield  i volunteer every other saturday and have a blast  have a great weekend everyone!
"i feel like i got kicked in the gut by one of the horses but i feel way better than i did monday morning during that gallbladder attack  thanks for all the prayers  now, it's back to the couch for me     "
"i am having a great time at river city arts at the new exhibition \1\""  you guys all need to come out to smithfield to see it! the paintings this month are amazing! don't forget about the ag indie film festival coming up november 18-21  let me know if you are interested in volunteering!!!!"""
hanging out at the river city arts wondering whether or not i should go audition for wheel of fortune this afternoon  hmmmm 
"come play with us saturday nite at river city arts as we watch the original \night of the living dead\"" at 7 smile 0  costumes encouraged   so are snacks! bwahahahahahahahaha!"""
"happy birthday to my daughter, <propfemale>, and congratulations for getting her learner's permit so now i can make her drive everywhere!! woo hoo!!!!"
"i'm gallery sitting up here at river city arts and working on ag indie film fest stuff (really, <propmale>, i'm multi-tasking here on fb!!!)  it is a gorgeous day to get out and about  come see the cool exhibition and get some info about the festival  it's gonna happen 11 18-21  check it out!!!! come see me!!!! get outta the house!!!! i mean it!!!"
"we need volunteers for the ag indie film fest  november 18-21  it is a great opportunity to see great independent films and meet new people  in addition to the movies, there will be a theme party each night  we especially need help on saturday the 21st  come on, you know you wanna! for more info, contact me or check out www myspace com avagardnerfilmfestival"
"i have started a new adventure today   i am your newest, friendliest <propfirst> <propfemale> lady  check out my new website at www marykay com barrie  i'm excited to meet lots of new people and share the joy of looking and feeling your best  come on over, you know you wanna! btw   we have great gift ideas for christmas  guys, if you want help getting something for your favorite lady(ies?!), i can help you out "
"while you are dreaming of wonderful <propfirst> <propfemale> products, don't forget the ag indie film festival that starts this wednesday and runs thru saturday! let me know if you can volunteer any at all "
i'm up at the hastings house working on film festival stuff   please come and view these awesome films  you can get additional info at myspace com <propfemale>gardnerfilmfestival and on facebook search for <propfemale> gardner independent film festival  there is still time to volunteer and still time to purchase tickets for screenings and parties!!! i'd love to see you there!
hey you guyyyyyysssssss!!!!!! come on over to smithfield tonight and tomorrow for the ag indie film fest  we will start screening at 2pm today and finish up with a mad hatter party at rca and the <propfemale> gardner midnight stroll  tomorrow we start early with a 9am breakfast with the filmmakers  we will have screenings and workshops running all day then we will have the wrap party and awards ceremony saturday night at rca 
i am working on my <propfirst> <propfemale> contact list and cleaning up my poor little <propfemale> who has a stomach bug  i don't know how many towels and washcloths i have put in the washing machine  i hope she feels better soon 
"happy thanksgiving to everyone! god is so very good and has blessed me to be surrounded by loving family and friends  hold your loved ones tight and be thankful for all your blessings, big and small "
making sweet potato souffle and apricot-chambord baked brie to take to <propmale>'s parents for yet another thanksgiving feast  i love this holiday! wouldn't it be nice if everyone showed their thankfullness every day and didn't reserve it for just one day? i am so thankful that i feel like i am just going to burst wide open!  smile 
thanksgiving is officially over & my tummy is full  now it's time for me to get down to business  i need everyone's help   i have been challenged to do 30 facials by dec  14  i can schedule individual sessions or groups of up to six  it would be easier to do the groups! i have great goodies for the folks who volunteer to be my hostesses   gifts you can keep for yourself or to regift for christmas  please help me out!
i am loving life and praising god!
just finished with the christmas decorations   the house looks so pretty  i know the reason for the season doesn't involve trees and stockings and little twinkly lights but i sure do like looking at them! must be the eternal child in me   i just love christmas decorations  sigh    smile 
my next challenge is to have four skin care classes between christmas and new year's  let's get together and i can show you a great glamour make-over just in time for new year's <propfemale>! don't forget that i can help you with those last minute christmas gifts too! i wrap and deliver within a 30-minute range!  smile 
"i really do not like having pneumonia   again  on a better note, <propmale> makes the best steak in the world  who needs the angus barn???  smile    let's schedule a skin care class and a glamour make-over before new year's <propfemale> "
is enjoying some much deserved down-time with the kids today  we have been slugs today! recharging our batteries for this week's festivities  <propfemale> christmas and happy new year to all my loved ones!!!!
"i am feeling sooo smart    i just loaded a new operating system on my daughter's little netbook computer    and it works! lol!!!! whew! now i can relax and watch \district 9\"" with the children """
i am procrastinating about putting away all the christmas decorations  ugh  i wish it was done already  different note: i really want to start 2010 on a good foot by getting my business up and going  be ready for lots of updates from me on cool <propfirst> <propfemale> stuff   smile 
happy new year!
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be 1 word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting    wonder if i have 20, or more, brave friends who will do this "
nothing
"vulcan pick up lines has got to be one of the funniest sites i have seen in a long time! thanks for the laugh!!! thanks, doree, for finding that!"
"i just got back from my very first january jamboree with <propfirst> <propfemale>  it was amazing! the support and friendship in that room of 1000 women was unbelievable  2010 is gonna be my year to do some really big things  i am gonna make it happen! watch out ya'll, put your seatbelts on and hold tight! yeeeeehawwwww!"
"i am reflecting on what a difference a year makes  thru god's grace and <propfemale>, the sun still shines and life moves on  prayer with true faith have made forgiveness possible in my heart  thank you, god, for all you have done for my children and me this past year "
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!"
i loved a snowman in an elevator because i'm cool like that 
we had our first meeting of the year for the joco artists guild  it was very productive and we all generated a lot of great ideas! i'm looking forward to a great year as the new prez!  smile 
very interesting car <propmale> in <propmale> just now  way to go rpd and nchp   especially the stop stick patrolman! that was a great toss!! you are my hero! praise god no one got hurt and the driver was finally stopped safely 
"team: together each accomplishes more (thanks, <propfirst> f  for sharing your wisdom with us)"
tired from a l o n g night at unc with <propfemale> for a sleep study  glad to have my girls at home and snugglin' with me  i am a happy mom   smile 
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who gets it and follows the instructions)
"what a beautiful, glorious day! thank you, god!!!"
"mmmmmm, cold pumpkin pie for breakfast  i just love that stuff!"
"i absolutely love looking out the front window and seeing my beautiful horses  what amazing beings they are  thank you, god, for blessing us with them!"
"if you judge the package, you may miss the prize  --<propfirst> fortenberry"
i am looking for someone to be my guest at my <propfirst> <propfemale> meeting tomorrow night  join me for a lot of fun and information  you'll get a free gift just for joining us  the meeting starts at 6 smile 0 in <propmale>  i can drive if you'd like   smile   i promise it will be fun  i am trying to meet several challenges and you can help me!
"help, help!!! i'm on a scavenger hunt    i need four models for tuesday night's meeting    one with blue, one with brown, one with green, and one with <propfemale> eyes  please let me know if you can help me out  there are free gifts for all who help me out   in addition to my undying love and affection!"
on the kitchen table   
jewelry party at my house tonight at 7pm if anyone is interested  please rsvp by 2 surprise 0 pm today 
it is a beautiful day out and i love being outside brushing my horses  they are so funny and sweet  i can't wait until rowdy is big enough to ride!  smile 
"if you believe your daughter is amongst god's greatest blessings on the face of this earth, copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug! i ? my daughter"
"if you have a best friend that will drop everything for you, be there for you through thick and thin, still loves you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults  copy and paste this to your status    i love you girl!!!!!"
i'm enjoying this beautiful evening with all my four-legged friends   smile 
"ok all my horsey friends, i have been a bad mommy and have not taught my 19-month old colt how to wear a blanket  i've been working with him today and all i got were cold toes and some fence repair  thankfully, he still loves me   we made nice after he broke the fence  i really want him to wear the blanket cuz he's shivering  any tips for me?"
"how do you cheer up someone who refuses to be happy? how do you get someone to see how blessed they are, even if they have gone thru hell? if their unhappiness only affected them, it would be bad enough, but when they hurt the ones who love them the most & only want to help them, it is so frustrating  dear god, pls help heal these wounds & fill my friend with love & hope instead of despair & anger "
performances on the grammy awards have been pretty kickin' so far  go <propfirst> <propfirst> performing with the <propmale> brown band  wootwoot!
"oh my goodnesss!!!! butch <propmale>, the most amazing, wonderful, kind, talented musician is playing the banjolin for <propfirst> swift on the grammys!!! go, man, go!"
wootwoo! butch <propmale> just got a <propmale> clip shown on the view  i wonder if they will talk about him?
i'm gonna venture out into the snowy wonderland    wish me safe travel mercies!!!
i am back from my snowy adventure  i saw one truck looking like an upside-down turtle at the bottom of the hill  i am soooo glad to be back home where i am gonna stay for at least another 24 hours!  smile 
it is time for more blanket-desensitizing with rowdy  maybe he won't have a total freak-out today and i won't spend an hour fixing fences again! silly little horse!
i'm back in from the snow slush mud goop that is in the pasture  the lower part is really gross and mucky  it was fun being out with the dogs and horses though  the cat was not too pleased when the youngest dog pushed him off the mounting block and started wrestling with him in the snow! i love my animals!!
yay! the kiddipoos are back today  we've got a bunch of new movies to watch and a perfect day for some games  i feel an uno attack coming on   
each day must be cherished for the gift that it is and the opportunity it gives us to move our dreams forward 
i am feeling the love! ~~~  smile 
"if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands!!!!  smile "
"if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands!!!!   i am clapping like crazy over here! thank you all for your sweet birthday wishes  you are all very kind and i am grateful for each and every one of you!"
"panglossian    rather than being called a polly-anna, i think that i actually should be called panglossian  i learned something new today!"
happy <propfirst>'s day!
i need your help! i am trying to meet a really big challenge for our career conference in march  my deadline is february 28 to qualify  please place your orders now and book a party with me  i am running special career conference specials to make this a win win e playful erience  thank you!!!!!
"dear lord, thank you for your many blessings  i am praying that your will be done with my business and that i meet the challenges that have been placed before me this week  in jesus' name i pray, amen "
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood 
"i just watched the tiger woods statement apology  i want to believe that he can change and do right for his wife, his children, and for himself  he said the <propfemale> had told him that his apology to her would not take the form of words but his actions over time  how true  it was a moving statement and i guess time will tell  i will pray for them as a family  fixing a marriage is always preferrable to breaking up one "
it is hard to type when you have a 10 lb cat demanding attention 
"guilty pleasure: sitting in the recliner with my <propfemale> cat curled up next to me  extra bonus: looking out the window and seeing my horses soaking up the sun  ahhhh, life is good   smile "
"i think i'm gonna make one of my mandarin orange cakes today for a friend's birthday  i haven't made one in a while and hope i haven't lost my touch! on a different note, the saddle is beckoning me, calling my name    i don't think <propfemale> is though! she is enjoying frollicking in the sun  i'm watching rowdy trying to roll over  he is so cute "
"but the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, <propfemale>, kindness, goodness, failthfulness, gentleness and self-control  against such things there is no law --galations 5:22-23"
"but the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, <propfemale>, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control  against such things there is no law --galations 5:22-23"
yummmm    can't wait for sketti tonight with some of our friends  just got back from the store with all the fixins'!
"what a beautiful day! there is something so amazing at watching the wind blow through the <propfemale> tree just outside the window  i love the way the shiny leaves reflect the sun and the wind makes them all shimmer  ahhhhhh, god is good!"
"a true friend doesn't care what you're wearing, if your home is tidy or not, if your car is making funny noises, that you only have $5 in the bank this week, or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect    a true friend just loves you for you! repost this if you have at least one true friend  ?"
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile smile """
copy this into your status and see what people rate you    1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: lovable   6: club head   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: boring   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: adorable   20: the best
we're going to see my mom in swan quarter  what a beautiful day for a drive!
i've got a headache    and my feet are cold   sad    i am ready for the sun to come back up and warm up everything!
"lord, please bless this day and the words that come out of my mouth "
"i am running 2 specials: #1-$150 of any product you'd like for only $100  ends sunday, march 14, 2010  #2-hostess extravaganza special   qualify to win $262 of product for just $24  ask me how!!!!!!"
"alrighty all my fb family, i am embarking on a 16-wk weight loss program starting monday  say lots of prayers for me and plese send me lots of encouragement!!!!"
"the lord is my shepherd, i shall not want     i am sooo blessed and i just have to spread the joy!"
"yay! there's no place like home, there's no place like home! <propfemale> is feeling better, just cranky (not that i blame her, i'm a wee bit cranky too!)  thanks for all of your prayers and thoughts  now, i'm going to crawl into my own bed and zonk out!"
"facebook challenge   i am out to prove that my friends will repost this, i hope i am right!!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost  i am not ashamed!!!!!!!!!"
i am excited about attending my first mk career conference today and tomorrow  what a great opportunity to learn from some of our finest leaders and share with other fabulous consultants! ya'll will just have to forgive me when i get back and am over-the-top excited about sharing everything i've learned!!!!! yay us!!!!!
"wow, what a wonderful, exhilirating, exciting, exhausting, fun e playful erience i had at career conference  i loved every single second of it  now i am loving my jammies and recliner  tonight i rest  tomorrow i begin my s w i m  (smart women in motion) action plan  wootwoot!!!"
first order of business    clean up this house!! i got busy with other things and the house seemed to e playful lode all by itself  how does that happen?
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness, they are not looking for a cure, only acceptance  they are not disabled just differently abled  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour  special education week march 22nd to the 26th"
"hmmmm, the day is full of possibilities  where to start?"
"alrighty, all you artsie and sorta artsie types   grab your sketch book and pencils and meet us at the starbucks in <propmale> tonight at 7pm  we're having a drawing party  come on, it will be fun! it is a beautiful night to be out getting fresh air and doing something different!!!!"
"i had fun at starbucks drawing with the artists collective group  it has been a long time since i picked up my pencils  it was a nice break from some of the other things i've been working on  however, i  s t i l l need to clean up this house  ugh  isn't their a house <propfemale> out there somewhere who needs a home? sigh "
"check out <propfemale>'s new wheelchair! it is awesome, amazing, wonderful, groovy, comfortable, and, and, and   well, i don't have enough adjectives to cover it all! we've waited a long time for this and <propfemale> loves it like crazy! thank you, lord, for the design of this chair that gives her so much relief!!!"
"this little light of mine, i'm gonna let it shine  let it shine, let it shine, let it shine    smile "
"if you have a wonderful husband, finance, or boyfriend, who works hard to provide for you and do anything just for you, then copy and post this as your status and give the honest, well behaved men out there the recognition they deserve     because great men are few and far between       "
loving life and living less large!  smile 
the lovely green haze of spring has begun in <propmale> around here  the question of the day is whether to wash the <propfirst> today or wait until the pollen gets a little thicker on it 
"righteous indignation only works for those who are self-righteous  my lord teaches me that forgiveness heals   he's correct  let go of the past and move into the future with an open, loving heart "
"righteous indignation only works for those who are self-righteous  my lord teaches me that forgiveness heals   he's correct  let go of the past, move into the future with an open, loving heart, and appreciate the blessings of the present "
"pollen, pollen everywhere  it turns things green, it fills the air  it makes us sneeze, it makes us wheeze  please, oh please, don't get on my cheese "
it is the end of week 3 at the gym  only 13 more to go for this program!!!! i am proud to say that i can do 10 minutes on the elliptical without stopping and without passing out or throwing up  a big improvement from week 1  lol!
"alright, ya'll    my workout motivation is next to nil today and i have been informed by the <propfemale> <propfirst> show that cookies are addictive as heroin  duh!!! like we didn't know that? i am going to become addicted to the elliptical machine  really  i am  i mean it "
at the doctor trying to figure out why one of my pupils is bigger than the other  ugh 
"ok, note to self   be sure to wash my hands thoroughly after putting tab's scopalamine patch on her  seems the active ingredient in her patch is what made my pupil go all gi-normous  the good news is that it is temporary, the bad news is that it is gonna be this way up to five days  so, if you see me in sunglasses for the next few days, that's why! lol!"
i am feeling incredibly blessed 
"is excited to be flying to <propfirst>, tx for a weekend seminar  i am not excited about having to be at the airport at 4 surprise 0am  yes, you read that right  pray for me! happy weekend everyone! god bless "
"i am back from <propfirst> exhausted  it was a life-changing trip and i am so excited about implementing the new skills i've learned  i could not have asked for a better e playful erience  ok, the being at the airport at 4 surprise 0 am was not super great and made for a l o n g day  that is a small price to pay for excellence though! i am commiting to being laser focused with consistent activity!"
"today's quest includes continuing my strategic planning for the next 13 months and consciously living \on purpose\"" rather than reacting to circumstances  i am loving my life!"""
"happy, happy beautiful day!!!!"
is there anything better than homemade cream cheese frosting to go on a homemade pineapple cake? i am making a birthday cake for an amazing woman and now i am thinking i may just need to make another one to keep here! did i mention it is all homemade?!  smile  yummmm   
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week,  and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help, compassion & understanding "
"this is the day the lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it --psalms 118:24  each day is a valuable gift given to us by the maker of days  let's use each day wisely, enjoy each day fully, & appreciate each day genuinely "
"i had a great time with some of my grrrlllls last night  nothing like good friends, great wine, and a hot tub  oh yeah, and waffle house at 1am   smile    thanks ladies! i had a blast "
"i'm sad that my dear, sweet cousin <propfemale> <propfemale> has passed away  we are all going to miss her, especially my mom  <propfemale> <propfemale> is definitely in a better place now "
"i heard a question posed at my cousin's funeral that got me really thinking: what kind of legacy do i want to leave? not monetarily, but me, as a person, a mother, a sister, a friend, a wife, a daughter  things that make you go \hmmmm \"" thanks for all your prayers and love  i am truly blessed """
today's pondering    i'm working on personal growth at the same time i am working on personal shrinkage  is that an oxymoron?
"is wondering what happened to the text on my profile status  oh well, it was time to change it anyway  remember why we celebrate memorial day    (hint, it is not for the hot dogs on the grill!)  tell a veteran you appreciate what they have done for our country "
"i'm supposed to be a grown-up, so why don't i feel like a grown-up? mischief and mayhem are still bubblin' strong in my blood! lol!!"
"reflecting on all those who serve our country and their families  my oldest nephew is in afghanistan  god bless and protect our troops  honor those who have died for our freedom and liberties  one nation, under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all "
starting the day with a fresh attitude and joy in my heart!
"nothing like a homemade carrot cake to show your man you love him! happy birthday, <propmale>!!!"
"ok, if nothing shows your man you love him like a homemade carrot cake, what does a second homemade carrot cake show about how much you love him? lol! the first one was so good, he's asked for another for us to take to sketti nite tonight  silly man  well, silly me    it's in there baking right now!"
"i am so very blessed  thank you, lord, for this beautiful day and all of your many blessings   smile "
so why did i pick such an incredibly hot and humid day to empty out the storage room? ugh!!!!!
"is living, loving, and laughing "
"our first pampering session of the weekend went really well! i love this new space and our \classroom\""    i feel all official and stuff   smile """
"this little light of mine   i'm gonna let it shine  this little light of mine, i'm gonna let it shine  this little light of mine, i'm gonna let it shine  let it shine, let it shine, let it shine!"
"even with all the issues, i truly believe that the united states is the best place to live  one nation, under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  thank you lord and thank you soldiers for all you do "
tell your loved ones just how much they mean to you each and every day   you never know when they will be taken from you 
is tired of political ads already  heavy sigh 
is devising a plan    
is loving summer with my kids  i am blessed!
"non-pet owners who visit and like to complain about my pets: 1  they live here \you don't! 2  if you don't want their hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  that's why they call it 'fur'niture  3  i like my pets a lot better than i like most people  4  to you, they are animals  to      me,   they are my babies who are short, hairy, walk on all fours and don't complain! copy & post if you love your pet!"
love is a slobbery kiss from your horse after he ate a pear  i just love pear chunks in my hair! lol!!!!
is looking for three carnival of madness tickets for the <propmale> show on 7 25 
"psalm 30:2   \\2 o lord my god, i cried to you for help,\and you have healed me  #bible http annoyed  j mp anu8u7"
is taking a different path by praying for those who plot and scheme against me instead of stooping to their level  there is a reason for these tests and i am praying too for discernment 
"ok, here's the scoop  i'm going to <propfirst> next tuesday for a conference  i'm going to have a few free hours (about a day)   what must i absolutely do whilst i'm there? wild <propmale>'s western store is definitely on the list, but after that? what's a girl to do?"
"i took maddi and benji to the nc museum of <propmale> today and had a blast! the new collections are stunning  i'm tired but happy  love, love, love my children!  love "
working on what to take to <propfirst>  i am determined to only take one bag  really  i mean it  seriously 
"i'm closing out my <propfirst> <propfemale> month early because i'm leaving for <propfirst> tuesday morning  contact me by monday night for my end-of-the-month specials  try our new cooling bronzing stick to help fight this heat! also, ask me about our kiss domestic violence goodbye fundraiser!"
"i cannot believe it has been a year since <propfemale> left us  you always knew where you stood with her!  smile   <propfemale>'s body may have been petite but her heart was enormous  be sure to tell your loved ones how much you appreciate them and pull them close, for only god knows how long they will be here with you "
"ok, ya'll  i'm outta here at 4 surprise 0 am for <propfirst>  i'll be back late sunday  pray for safe travel mercies and that i don't get so excited that i pee my britches! lol! stay tuned for seminar updates!"
"romans 12:2\2 do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind, that by testing you may discern what is the will of god, what is good and acceptable and perfect  #bible http annoyed  j mp bistst"
faithful are the wounds of a friend; profuse are the kisses of an enemy  -- proverbs 27:6
enjoying time with my beautiful girls  i'm going to be sad when school starts again 
"yesterday was wonderful   i spent the day with my beautiful sisters, ran into one of my bffs and had lunch, chatted with an old <propmale>, then fried chicken and some movies with my awesome boyfriend and my girls  it is well   with my soul     smile "
"fourteen years ago today, a little angel came down from heaven to bless our lives with her beautiful smile  happy birthday to my beautiful <propfemale>! i love you!!!!"
my dates are booking up fast for my fall frenzy challenge  help me reach my goal of 10 parties from 8 23-8 30  contact me today!
at the mopar nationals with <propmale>  wow!
"home again, home again "
"but i say to you who hear, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, pray for those who abuse you  --- <propmale> 6:27-28"
"is looking for a few more hostesses to receive some amazing gifts for helping me with my fall frenzy challenge!!! i am so close to meeting my goal, i know you all can help me out to get me over the finish line! send me an email to let me know you can help  thank you to all my fb friends and family for helping me with this!!!"
"is looking for face models for our \find your way to beautiful\"" contest  anyone 18 years or older is eligible and could win $5000!!!! wow! contact me now to schedule your makeover """
"would like to remind folks that mental illness is just that    an illness  if someone is having a heart attack from heart disease, do you just stand by and say they are just trying to get attention or do you help them? if someone is having a mental breakdown from an untreated illness, do you toss them away saying they are just trying to get attention or do you help them? i know what my god calls me to do "
"i will go over, under, around, and thru any obstacle that comes my way  how? by knowing that god loves me and my kids love me (2- & 4-legged)   may peace and god's love brighten your day "
is busier than a three-legged dog on a blacktop road on a hot august day  i am feeling incredibly blessed and am so glad to be heading back to bsf tonight!!!!  smile 
bsf was so awesome last night  i am looking forward to getting to know my new friends and learning all about <propmale> 
"ok, so there has been a fire lit under my rear end to really get busy these next few months  i will be debuting as a director in january  get ready, <propmale>, here i come!!!!"
"liars and cheats really irk me  lord, help me to love the unlovable "
i love my boyfriend 
"remembering how hard it was to be almost 16  give your teen a hug, if you've got one  i love you, maddi "
"which way do i go, which way do i go? guess i'll just sit here until i figure it out   smile "
"it is too pretty of a day for ugly things to happen  i am in a good place but i have some friends who are not and i am sending up prayers for courage, hope, and love  oh to have <propmale>'s wisdom    "
poison <propfemale> is not my idea of fun  ugh!
"is feeling the love (i love you, maddi)  please say a prayer for my mom  she had back surgery yesterday  hope to have her back at home soon "
"still at the hospital with my mom  she did not have to have the heart catheterization (thank you, god) but she is still having issues with her hip  keep the prayers going up for her!!!"
mom is doing better from surgery and heart issue  still trying to figure out what is going on with her hip so we can get outta this hospital! it is a blessing to be able to be here with her after all the things she has done for me  keep the prayers going!
"well, i just can't seem to get away from the hospital  now i'm here with <propfemale> who has some viral thing going on and needs some fluids  i feel so bad for her  asking for more prayers for our family and that she will feel  better soon "
cosmetic graveyard sale this saturday and sunday!!!! are you ready to be bootiful?
is blessed 
"thank you, father god, for putting your servants in my path to wrap their loving arms around me  your love and compassion for me are overwhelming and i thank you for your many blessings  i feel your light shining in me and through me  in jesus' sweet and precious name, amen!!!!"
"is it just me, or is dierks bentley super cute with an amazing voice? sigh  and i don't even like country music that much! lol!"
is thanking god for his beautiful and wonderful painting outside my windows  the fall colors are glorious  go god!
my oldest daughter just got her driver's license this afternoon  wow!!!! she is the grooviest person i know and i just love her to pieces!!!!  smile     love 
"be a part of my first annual thanksgiving \pink lottery\""! place your order anytime between now and 7 surprise 0 pm thanksgiving evening and your name will go into a drawing to receive your order absolutely free!!! all you have to do is call me or visit my website at www marykay com barrie and place an order  happy thanksgiving!"""
"why is it when you don't feel well, you get all melancholy?"
"well, i know why i haven't felt well  i have double pneumonia and an ear infection  ya'll pray that i feel better soon  i have too much to do!"
i love this time of year! all the pretty lights and sweet thoughts make me smile  remember the reason for the season and spread his joy as you go about your day!
"is asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this  it would be nice to see it on       everyone's wall    even if it's only for an hour"""
"is l o v i n g my christmas tree and other decorations  one of my sweet friends came by and helped me decorate it because i have been so sick  thank you, <propfemale>!!! i am feeling incredibly blessed! i love you all!"
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient has one: to get better  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do, in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer of any kind "
it's <propfemale> saturday  cleaning house is just way too much fun  really  i mean it  seriously 
at er with tabitha   again 
"you may think i'm weird, but i had such a good time mucking out the horse shelter today! the horses were so cute watching me load up the wheelbarrow  i do believe that i amuse them   smile "
"what a wonderful night spent with my loved ones  i am looking forward to more good food and fellowship as we celebrate christ's birth  <propfemale> christmas, dear ones "
"1 corinthians 10:13   \13 no temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man  god is faithful, and he will not let you be tempted beyond your ability, but with the temptation he will also provide the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it  #bible http annoyed  j mp avm3nd"
my baby makes the best country beef ribs ever! yumm   
note to self    don't wait an extra day or two to muck the barn  the mess seems to grow e playful onentially  my arms are killing me today!
thinks her girls r o c k !!!!
"alright everyone, i need your help  i am working on big goals for 2011  for january, i need to have 20 faces and 11 interviews before the 31st  contact me if you are willing to help me earn a great prize! earn free stuff just for helping me out! i will definitely make it worth your while!!"
is thinking that some warmer weather might be just fine 
raindrops keep falling on my head   
"happy foundation february!!! <propfirst> <propfemale> is launching two brand new foundation formulas and i have been challenged to \stripe test\"" 30 faces!! contact me to set up your appointment before time runs out  and   let me help you with your <propfirst>'s gifts  i gift wrap and deliver!"""
thank you for all the sweet birthday wishes  you guys sure know how to make a girl feel special!  love 
"foundation february continues! i need to \stripe\"" test a few more faces to meet my goal this month  i'm taking appointments for this weekend and next week  get your spot now! get entered into a drawing for a free foundation of your choice """
sugar dixon-shock
it is not too late to get entered to win a free foundation! i need a few more faces for testing our new foundation during foundation february  we are trying to save the nation with foundation!
"for the record, spaghetti squash does not taste like spaghetti   it tastes like (wait for it   ) squash!!! it is a good thing i like squash  but i don't like it with spaghetti sauce  i do not like it, <propfirst> i am "
i am having a total geek moment watching ibm's watson on jeopardy  there has even been a <propfemale> trek reference already! my pulse is racing! i love it!!!
and life goes on  it is a beautiful day out!
is ready for her daughters to be well and back at school  sigh 
"<propfemale> had a bad seizure tonight  first one in several years  say prayers for her, please  at wake med until she feels better  this virus is yucky    sad  glad mic is w me & my <propfemale> is on his way "
poor little tabby is still having a hard time  it is awful when your babies don't feel well  praying we get out of here tomorrow 
tabby is feeling better but still having some problems  we are gonna be at wake yet another night  they are taking great care of her but they don't have a lot of options for parents who would like to eat! sigh  i could use some cack 
<propfemale> has been sleeping since about 2pm with no puking! yay!!!! maybe we can start her regular feedings soon  i'm scared to lay down to take a nap cuz that seems to be the trigger for her to start acting up again! lol!!
woot woot! freedom!!! we are leaving this hospital and heading home  yay!!!! <propfemale> is all smiles   smile 
"for the rest of february please change your profile image to your dog, cat or favorite animal  the object? not to see a human face on fb until feb  28  this is a campaign to raise awareness against the cruelty of animals  please copy and paste to your profile <propfemale>  thank you!"
"has only 25 gift certificates left to sell by sunday, feb  27  get $150 worth of <propfirst> <propfemale> for just $100  keep them for yourself of use them as gifts! use them now or use them later!! i take cash, check, charge or a combination of all three!"
"i just got back from the most amazing extravagant conference at church! and my friend, <propfemale>, was blessed as the most extravagant woman for her testimony and loving spirit  i am so grateful that i took this time today to refill my cup  i am living extravagantly from this day forward!!!"
"what a glorious day! the sermon was awesome  lunch was good  riding my horse was priceless! with the oscars tonight, could it be any better?"
i am working my business extravagantly now! ask me about march's specials and help me reach my goal by march 15!!
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me?  note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think      !!"
"come out this saturday, march 5th between 9am - 2pm at premier athletics of <propmale> located at 231 guy road, <propmale>  this event is to help raise money for the competition fees for all <propfemale>  we will have our <propfirst> <propfemale> table set up with lots of goodies including our newest foundations and foundation primer!"
"what is your take on the \shape-up\"" shoes? my orthopedic doctor recommended them to help the foot i injured in a car accident  he did say that they didn't work too well for getting people in shape but they are supposed to be great for arthritis  suggestions?"""
"at the request of a facebook friend - we are asking everyone to say a prayer for the us \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  it would be nice to see it on everyone's page   even if its only for an hour  i am honored to re-post\",16bbcccc68c885921ca6f834bd58be3c,"y'all say prayers for me to have strength, love, <propfemale>, and wisdom at a meeting i have to go to wednesday afternoon  it's time to slay some dragons "
"the past is gone, but not without its scars  praying faithfully that my testimony will keep others from e playful eriencing the pain we have gone through  there is nothing we cannot overcome when we let go of the anger, the hurt, the fear and hold tight to our father "
living extravagantly can be hard work! i'm glad that i am surrounded by loving family and friends who love on me when needed  i'm blessed to have a loving god who lifts me up when life happens  here's to another day!  smile 
"i had a blast yesterday at the fairgrounds looking at groovy cars and hanging with groovy friends! and, of course, my <propfemale>! it was a real treat to spend time with him all day!"
could use a bit more energy  i have so much more to do and not enough time or spunk to do it 
is loving her daughters with all her heart 
prayer warriors--i need some serious prayers for my family right now as we are going thru a turbulent time  please lift us up to our father for some peace and healing  thank you and god bless 
<propfemale>
"one adventure ends; another begins  every prayer, every good wish, every healing thought is needed right now  god will get us through this "
"feeling blessed by a wonderful lesson at bsf last night  i thank god for the beautiful, godly women in my life   smile "
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i can comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along     4 words are harder than you think"
needs a bigger closet  sigh 
"it is a beautifully dreary day  it is a great day to be snuggled up with a good book, a cup of tea, and a sweet, warm <propfemale> cat sleeping on your feet "
"30 day song challenge \day 01 - your favorite song : bohemian rhapsody by <propfemale>"
"blood, guts, and cool music???? grey's is awesome so far!!!!"
"i am a handful - unfortunately most women won't re-post this  i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken, and tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you     i'll be looking for the ladies who re-post  ?"
"30 day song challenge\day 02 - your least favorite song : achey breaky heart, <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>"
"breaking news   ! $50 to fill up your car gas tank (barely) or $50 to start a mk business     which one can change your life??? if you've ever thought about doing what i do: spare time, part time or full time   inbox me today for mk's biggest starter <propfemale> special ever! just $50 to start! and the next time you pump gas, it could be for your free mk career car! we are earning our first free car now!!!"
