ddf858c4e24a0aa13f05e585a509d846
"needs a new job, lemmie know if you know anyone hiring "
is moving to utah
"had successfully rotated his sleep schedual back to normal  woke up at 9 am today, instead of 4 smile 0 am the night before, and midnight the night before that         "
is chillin in the boat  ring me up if your here 
had another dream where big <propfirst> was still alive  that motherfucker pranked me twice in my dreams about being dead  props to you big guy  wherever you are 
ran over a chipmunk
hates drivers who speed up during the passing <propfirst> and then slow way the hell down when its over 
needs a new go-to house for when he gets bored
poops and pens and an aphrodesiac lens
snips and snails and a tail that wails on tuesday
"is playing borderlands, which is in his top 3 favorite games of all time  check it out"
had to put away the pirate pimp costume        until next year       
took ten strokes off his golf game this summer 
"feels that with his new pirate picture, he should change his facebook language to pirate talk "
be workin installin some scurvy satelite dishes
cant even beat the fucking computer in fifa anymore
pretty much had the worst day hes had in a long while 
saw a dog sled team pulling a non-running truck down the road today     
is definitely ready for some socialness  hurry up and open steamboat mountain 
rule #1 in zombieland  cardio  the fat people are the first to go 
first day back snowboarding  awesome and painful at the same time 
"has a new picture, and is therefor done with pirate facebook          for now       "
is getting sick  no bueno        other than that things are going great 
"'s stuffy nose and slight cough with congestion has turned into a slight runny nose, with slight nausea and a mild headache"
is definitely going to have a good christmas
<propfemale> christmas muchachos! i gots the frankensense!
is in need of a 3d imax theatre with avatar       
"got his mom some flowers and a card for her birthday, arn't i a good son?"
just saw avatar  for the thiiiiiiird tiiime 
"there are, in fact, no bases on iceworld"
gots his wool socks and is ready to go in teh snow 
just got new internet at the new place and is back in action 
accidently scratched his pupil with his finger while taking out his contact last night       
"just beat his first korean in starcraft, lol "
"thinks if youtube is going to have hd videos, then they should atleast let you stream them without freaking interrupting "
just got his mind blown by bloom energy 
seems to have lost a lense to his glasses while sleepimg       
"needs a new roomate in may  sweet place, 600 a month utilities included in steamboat  lemmie know if your interested"
"saw 3 k-state shirts and only 2 jayhawk shirts on the mountain  what a sad day, but atleast its national <propfemale> drunk day!"
happy st  pats and a <propfemale> drunkeness to all!
needs a starcraft 2 beta key      now 
2 days straight on the mountain and now im just gonna relax
why was i so blind?
powda bunga dudes!
jumped off a rock <propmale> today and hit his head with his detached ski     
just installed his new geforce 9800  and is not unsatisfied
"*sigh* great night, horrible morning "
thats just the way we get by
is goin to utah for the weekend
what to do today        what to do today       
"seriously, it feels like its been snowing for a week  lets get with summer yo!"
lets hook it up with some starcraft 2 games!
needs ideas for an adventure
goin to <propmale> for the day
"dear blizzard, before making a patch, please make sure it works and wont crash your servers  thats is all "
*sigh* well now ive got 6 seasons of lost to rewatch       
"starcraft 2 beta, nooooooooo why do you leave me! haha"
installed his first hughnes internet satelite dish today
xbox kinect  you have me sold  my future $150 dollars is yours 
*sigh* tru blood season 2 blu <propfirst>  why must you steal my night of sleep?
starcraft 2  come back!
cooking some salmon and rice and watching starcraft 2 videos o o
gooooin to alaskaaaa
"back from alaska, just waitin to get back to the boat "
needs a 1 in his life 
wants to go home 
starcraft 2 launch day!
just saw a shooting <propfemale>
is off to work
"this is a sad, sad day "
cant figure out why facebook works on his roomates computer but not his      
woot  facebook works again
shmoke and a pancake?
4 pm wake up call 
first party at buff pass  went pretty well  except for the fact that i slept until 8 p m  when i got home     
rolling some bowling balls 
hates thor repair  annoyed 
gained 200 points on the sc2 ladder today 
finals of the gsl tonight  cant wait
bored with a hint of restlessness
<propmale> for the day  starcraft will have to wait  annoyed 
"man, i need to get to work and stop being lazy  annoyed "
hey guys i know its moving season in steamboat  if your looking to get some direct tv or dish network let us know! visit our facebook <propfemale> net results of steamboat springs and give us a call!
blizzcooooooon
anybody in steamboat need dish or direct tv? lemmie know plz ^^
"just dreamed about the zombie apocalypse  oh, and i could fly "
can it be january already?
"has the keys to his new place  whew cuttin it close, movin in tomorrow, lol "
halloween night and im cleaning  annoyed  who makes you move out the day after halloween? damnit  lol 
"wow  way to go <propfirst>, good job putting 15 times as much dish soap as you needed in the dishwasher and flooding our apartment with soapy water an hour and a half before move out inspection          good job "
thank you final fantasy xiii for keeping me company while i was without internet 
"first mcflurry in years  they didnt have reeces, but this oreo is still pretty dank"
"kinda scared of the 4 gate blink stalker now  annoyed  stupid mlg <propfirst>, lol"
"utah's great and all, but im pretty sure im ready to go back to colorado  anyone wanna drive me?"
finally  home  thanks god
just saw <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world  5 5 definitely solid for anyone with a videogame background and even for those who dont  smile 
seriously? the whole inside of my car windshield is icy? damnit winter!
going up to the parents house for a late turkey dinner  playful 
ice is slippery when your running  ow  annoyed 
first day up on the mountain and i almost lose my ipod in the trees  annoyed  thank god i found it the second run down 
ho yeaaaaah! got my blinker fixed! f you cops! cant pull me over now!
rockin day at the mountain  gotta get that switchfoot yo!
"fml  another headset down the drain  this one lasted like, a month "
my glasses are broken  idk wtf im going to do  work at 7 am  need superglue stat 
locked my keys in my car at work  annoyed 
yo i got that marauder keyboard yo! its sick!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
people really need to learn how to drive in snow  silly gaypers  use the bus 
i really hate the light at the wells fargo  why the furk is there a 1 mile line of cars with a 30 second green light timer? fucking stupid 
somehow got home without finding any stupid tourist drivers  healthy change 
laddering is exhausting  annoyed 
dear internet  why must you set out to ruin my life? plz let me know down in the comment section below     
this flu should go away  i dont like you  you make me sick 
"no puking today, but i still feel like crap  this flu needs to go away now "
"feeling better today, i think my fever finally broke  smile "
shwip shwap baloop is back
sooooo much snoooooooooooow 
grabbing some monsters in preparation for the day off  lets go practice sc2
