89255508480b68b6aa58254de5f696d0
finally on facebook!
just left wrestling training; got a temporary tattoo of somebody's hand on my chest   
platinum championship wrestling; friday night - see you there!!!
my mutant healing powers kicked in    i'm good now 
i am now friends with gorkem tatar   epic win!!!
going to the <propmale> rumble this sunday    (i wonder how much it costs for the #27th spot   )
"freakin' tired! one more day, then \mr  4-day weekend\"" lives up to his title """
"i just realized how busy today will be, and tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that   "
doppelganger week huh?
mr 4-day weekend is back!!!
"sometimes, you just gotta spoil yourself   -<propmale> flanders"
going to enjoy part 2 of this epic mini-series    four-day weekend   (it's such a great story so far   )
is really enjoying everything going on in his life right now!
"returning to the regular grind real soon, but feeling more motivated than before!"
"has felt incredible today, despite going back to work today  i wish i could share the feeling with the folks i love    and sell it to everyone else!!!"
"feeling kinda tired today, but determined to make the best of it!"
"after being on prescibed meds for 4 months, and taking a week off them, i think i should have just said no to the doctor   "
time to squeak in a workout before heading out to work!
"no work, no wrestling    no responsibility! (but somehow i've fixed my highbeams, my bathroom speakers so far    i'll probably be more productive today than i have been in 4 months!)"
"looks like i'm upgrading my car stereo    the audio <propfirst> is bad, and after disassembling the console, it's too easy to have someone do it for me  wink "
convection microwave    my favorite new gadget!!!
"some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go \ - <propfirst> wilde"""
"the number two wrestling company makes me want to go \number two\"" right now   """
"   and then, a show about nobody but sting!!! > sad "
i could really kick my dad's @$$ right now    (thinking about booking a flight to cali next weekend)
"shocked, heartbroken, and infuriated    all at the same time   "
"i slipped away further from you trying to find what is real, you’re somebody else that i never knew, and someone that i can’t feel "
missing midnight mayhem   
"fever inside the storm, so i'm turning away  away from the name;  away from the stones;  'cause i'm through mending the wounds of us"
*public service announcement kiss  attempting to open my door after i park my vehicle is generally taken as a hostile gesture    it doesn't matter if you need directions; the grand theft auto game series has been out for more that 10 years    you should know better than that 
it's ridiculous    the meds designed to 'save my life' have nearly caused liver failure for the second time   i think i'll stick to healtier diet and exercise    pills are not my deal 
"what's the deal with people coming up to me, asking for stuff, and not having the common decency to introduce themselves?!?"
"mr  four-day weekend is \living the gimmick\""!!!"""
is learning that he can't go long without doing something productive everyday 
online gaming    i'm just not that into you 
"wrestled last night, and will wrestle today, then tomorrow, and the next day     smile "
is still quite disturbed about yesterday   
things seem a lot brighter today than yesterday   
taking productivity into overtime!!!
"there is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem,  the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity  --- <propmale> <propmale>"
"   and all of a sudden, i'm excited about today! (but still not sure why i'm excited)"
"i'm in the mood to learn some new skills    i feel a \high\"" at the thought of discovering how to do more than i already am capable of """
it was <propfemale> yesterday; raining at 5am    now i wake up and there is snow?!? this weather does whatever it wants   
wow    i have done a lot of upgrading in the past 3 months! progress = success!
"no mortgage payment until may, and at that point, it will be $100 less than the last payment!!! business!  biz-ness!!!"
felt creative tonight    no alcohol involved 
celebrating creativity    with a toast to ambition and <propfemale>  (alcohol involved)
i think i found an old friend    i'm speechless   
bills! aaaack!!!
"it's kinda funny; 20 years later, we're still those same two kids jumping around in the front yard   "
"if methane gas caused the e playful losion on lawrenceville hwy, then does that mean lawrenceville hwy is the butt-crack, and gwinnett county just farted?"
<propmale> <propmale> is 70?!?  oh wow!  well    i guess <propmale> <propfirst> would be up there too   
it's amazing how well things are going right now    it's like my life is improving everyday   
"as much as i joke about chopping someone in the throat, i got chopped in the throat tonight     aaaaaack!!!"
9-hour class today    woooooooo!
this god of war 3 is sick!!! just ridiculous!
i gotta quit showing up at the same time manswers comes on    geez!
that kratos    he ain't ordinary!!!
"awesome show tonight, and an even bigger one planned for next week "
"\forward motion:  do what you gotta do to get what you gotta get to get your sh-- rolling\""!"""
ok    beat god of war   i didn't ignore any people    just the gym 
"thanks to everyone who showed up, we had two great days of training; i think i'll  stay away from somersault leg drops though   "
woke up sore    feels good  (now i know i really pushed myself)
work schedule: upgraded!!! (i feel like that picture left of this comment)
"watching wwe nxt; is it just me, or does the silohouette of <propmale> young's head make everyone laugh, rewind, and laugh again?"
still sore!  wooo!
hsbc card balance: $0 00 -- credit upgrade!!!
"i tried to stay away this year without my precious unc    came straight home and had to watch \the madness\""!!!"""
<propmale> vs  kansas state; awesome game!
busy day    big show    lots to do   
awesome show tonight    wish i could have stayed for the afterparty!!!
"you, women of pcw    i'll get you   "
new pics!!!
is stressed   
it's been a rough week   time to fix things    and not just at work 
time to get at it!!!
"yes, i grilled!     and in the middle of grilling    here comes a new challenger!!!"
i get my niece and nephew today!
"sometimes it's good to get away, alone  (in the backyard--firepit burning)"
got 'em  smile 
at the aquarium    (good grief!)
grilling again!!! (cause the kids love it)
is beat!!!  aaack 
"i feel incredibly energetic and creative today  a great mood for doing the final design on new gear, and maybe a tattoo   "
what?!? i didn't need to cut the lawn when i left this morning!!! how did this happen?!?
smash sumthin'!!!
post-work productivity has come to a halt; will resume in the morning 
great pcw show at eyedrum tonight!!!  www platinumchampionshipwrestling com
thank god for gps!!!
man vs  nature: lawns (i just cut it less than a week ago; what gives?!?)
"is in a strange, uncomfortable, yet familiar state; a reminder to keep pressing forward "
very productive day    but i'm not finished yet!
"going to bed; another busy, productive day planned for tomorrow   "
i think i got rocked tonight    i heard birds outside as i was driving    at midnight   i anticipate wild dreams in my near future   
"you'd think with my mom retiring and moving back home after staying here for 18 months, i'd have forgotten how to get down in the kitchen    not!!! smokehouse <propfemale> lamb chops with chipotle white cheddar crumbles, wild rice, and seasoned baked beans with red peppers coming up!!!"
had an awesome 4-day weekend; having an awesome first day back at work!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! it's been a pretty good day, even work    well, except flipping a smoothie machine over on the sidewalk at the end of my day (sorry, <propmale>; i'll bring you a new one in the morning)!"
"wow, almost 50 happy birthday's (and 3 from frang effin <propfirst>)!  btw, you, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> got in all your birthday licks over the course of this month!!!"
aaaaack!!!
wwe released <propfemale> <propfirst>?!? i'm sure we have a spot for her on the pcw roster!!!
wrestling was rough tonight    aaaack!
tomorrow is gonna be a rough one at work   
okay    that blowing my nose and my eye swells shut gimmick has lost it's novelty   
i have a big idea    as big as two worlds colliding     laugh 
"even when i'm not sure what i want, i'm still the fastest person at the drive-thru   "
i haven't had a carrot & raisin salad since that church revival way back when; i gotta get that next time   
sometimes people are dumb    like deer 
"rethinking, repairing, redesigning, reanimating,    reloading "
tired; still got plenty of work to do before i'm 'caught up'   i'm pretty sure i'll feel accomplished at this time tomorrow 
"how are you going to develop a motherboard that doesn't recognize a graphics adapter that you also developed?!? get your corporation together, pny(evga)!!!"
it's been a busy week    and this weekend doesn't look like it's slowing down either  
why am i still up?!?
first 4-day weekend of the new fiscal year  smile 
drink! it's a celebration!!!
needs a nurse    i may be injured 
non-wrestling related damage;  how does this type of stuff happen?!?
first paycheck of the new fiscal year    ballin'!!!  smile 
"while you scream at your woman, there's aman\ wishing he could talk softly in her ear  while you humiliate,offend\ and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and remindingher \how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a manwishing\ he could make love to her  while you make your woman crythere's a \man st   ealing smiles from her    post this on your \wall if you're against domestic violence"
"awesome paycheck, awesome inventory, awesome the way time flew by today    and i found ways to be more productive!"
york pieces and special dark pieces! it's about time they made these!!!
looking forward to a new set of tires in the morning!!!
"there is very little time for 'just hanging out'\ at this point;  it's time to be very serious about getting stuff done  \ i feel a need to 'stand up and show improvement'  (if only for myself)"
\good judgement comes from e playful erience  and a\,89255508480b68b6aa58254de5f696d0,"if what i hear is correct, you want to be at the eyedrum in atlanta tomorrow night!!! anything else you could be doing is simply petty!!!"
awesome show tonight!  now    welcome to the jungle!!!
big corporate meeting this morning = free breakfast this morning!
"it's been a long week, but this week isn't over yet; it's been a long day, and it ain't over yet either!"
"wrestling    oh, wrestling    is there a rehab for the addiction?"
20 hours awake is too long    but i got almost everything done  a few hours of sleep and then i pray to survive tomorrow 
student <propfemale>    completely gone!!! (a <propmale> breakthrough on the road to being debt-free!!!)
is completely exhausted 
"1 hour in the gym, 11 hours at work, 3 hours shooting vignettes    definitely a productive day!"
i should get a passport and disappear for a week or so   
one of the longest days ever; but i'll be right back and ready to go in the am 
sometimes i think out loud and forget there are people nearby   
you thought i was playing about that grill? got it!!! (this thing is like the devastator of grills)
"public service announcement:  if you already need a cane to walk, you don't really want to try me  no matter what you say, you know you don't either   honestly, i don't want to 'double-cripple' you   shut up, get in the cab, and go somewhere safe  while you're at it, learn some manners   enough said "
i e playful ect poor sleep and wacky dreams due to this evening's events    ugh   
got two 5-star restaurant-quality hugs today     wink 
"these two geese have it all figured out; they walk the neighborhood every day, going door to door, getting fed and treated like celebrities      time to find a goose costume "
is inspired    and tired 
focus long term ~ never be satisfied    
so totally needs one more day off   
a small dose of platinum championship wrestling on friday night is better than none at all!!!
"lost 1 pound    down to 184 lbs    the wii says i am no longer \overweight\""  what judgemental little machine; i don't judge it because it's graphics don't match the ps3   """
"found a lone case of cheerwine at the store tonight    i am inspired to have a very tarheel day tomorrow, beginning with a trip to my local krispy kreme in the morning   "
cleaned my car windows; inside and out  it's like i'm driving in hd now   
ended yesterday with a bit of barbecue and a can of cheerwine!
it's going to be a long week; i can't wait to see my family when it's all over   
"give me 5 minutes; i'm going to look like that profile pic    except trade the couch for a bed, subtract the shirt, and add \unconsciousness\""   """
"if you're going to have a 4-day weekend, you have to start it right     at platinum championship wrestling "
haven't been here 8 hours; already killed something   
we have a tekken 6 fountain in fayetteville? sweet!!!
my 5-year-old niece is trying to hit 80 lbs so she doesn't need the child seat in the car; she's 42 lbs right now  absurd gameplan in an attempt to grow up? that's definitely my brother's kid   
"wow, their cousin is trying to intimidate me with adhd, like she has some sort of mutant power when she doesn't take her meds    the mind of a 9-year old! (my nephew hit her with the \wrestler defense\""    she shut up)"""
"i thought getting hit with a steel chair was bad, but could you imagine getting hit with a steel chair that was outside today?"
i think i love pandora    pandora (internet radio)
manute bol died?  sad 
"i can't believe i just out-punched those big guys at barnacles    yep, even you, super <propfirst> "
"pretty good show tonight, and i found a few talents i didn't know i had    until now  smile "
"it is time to lie down    i gotta work in the am, and do a bit of extracurricular after work "
70-something aged lady hit on me today; i turned bright red    then i hid 
"just checked out a news article on the steps to take in planning for retirement    i'm on point, if not ahead of schedule     smile "
"gym, work, wrestling training tonight  gotta do all my errands tomorrow, and fix my niece's nintendo ds     uncle t always comes through   "
"at hudson grill in alpharetta, getting ready for some comedy with <propfirst> <propmale>, a k a  \the master\"" """
"i had forgotten why i don't ever stop at walmart    thanks for reminding me, walmart!"
what a wonky day!!!  it's time pick up some steam and really get rolling    on everything 
waking at 6am hurts!!!
"<propmale> lesnar: first to go 2 rounds, and defeat <propfirst> carwin!  enough said "
"normally, i'd say, \it's gonna be one of those days\""; i don't think i'm going to let it be \""one of those days\"" """
"how does kobayashi get arrested?!? all the guy does is eat!  uh, geter    keep your nose clean at the buffet!"
"2,137 wrecks, 589 injuries, 9 dead in 72 hours  have a safe holiday!"
tonight's sleep is brought to you by night time sleep aid pills and comcast on demand; how else are you going to drown out the bottle rockets and firecrackers at 1am?!?
feels like he's starting to find himself again   
great show tonight! it's good to be back!!!
"it's been one of those days where i went home, sat down, and didn't even want to turn the tv on; i needed the silence and solitude for just a moment "
aaack! they closed my lowe's!!! i knew it was too slow to keep open 
promoted to 9th kyu! (plus i kicked 4 asses    the 5th one fainted)
"wow    11 years working for this corporation   a lot has changed since then, and i've done a lot of growing and improving   i'm much happier with where i am now than where i was 11 years ago    but i still don't have any chest hair "
campus strike force?  campus struck with force 
"6-car wreck on i-85 south, then another at pleasantdale    how do they do it?!?"
just got recognized as a pcw wrestler @ 6-flags!!!
what a long    um    days?  ugh    i need some sleep!!!
"as much sleep as i lose when my niece and nephew are around, i've found out i don't need it as much when they are here "
i need a second wind    so that i can get up in the morning!
needs a monthly reminder that it's the end of the month    and a good shower 
apparently was stung by some sort of stinging insect today  got inside my shirt   
today was interesting    in a great way 
omaha steaks!!!  smile 
"bacon-wrapped filet <propfemale>, baked potato w  sour cream, baked beans w  peppers, and a biscuit; some times you just gotta spoil yourself!"
\i wanna bleed  \,89255508480b68b6aa58254de5f696d0,"i wanna bleed, show the world all that i have inside;\i wanna scream, let the blood flow that keeps me alive   \"",2010-0 surprise 3 06:23:41""",89255508480b68b6aa58254de5f696d0,5-day-weekend    coming up!
aaaack!!!  i said    aaaaaaacckkkkk!!!!!!!
aaaaaaaaaccccck     aaaaccckkk!!!!!
is in a tux   
"is out of the \monkey suit\""      joyful """
r i p  <propfirst> hereford: we are going to miss you  god bless you and your family 
wonders what the morning holds for himself   
you don't realize how valuable insurance is until you need it; both prescription meds combined cost less than a <propfemale> bar!
"injury hasn't healed 100%, but i'm certain i'm healthy enough to beat <propfirst> worthy in the first ever pcw kumite match tomorrow night "
retribution 
home ownership?  smile  cleaning gutters and pruning trees?  sad 
"busy, busy, week   "
"geez    i feel like i got into a car wreck, then jumped out the car and fought <propmale> liddell   "
"sorry to anyone who's call or text i may have missed over the past few days  waiting on a new battery for my phone; when it gets here, we'll see if i can replace it without killing the phone completely  until then,my phone is wonky   "
"\that\"" was a lot of violence   """
isn't ignoring you    his phone has completely died 
"   has excellent \ninja skills\""    joyful """
firepit    <propfemale>    chill out   
"new phone!!!  smile      september 7th     sad     i'm starting to get kind of angry    they processed the order late, and it's a holiday weekend "
phone!!!   smile 
wrestling math lesson of the week:  the jungle + grotesque = absurd amount of violence  (take notes!)
i think it's time to get back into my gym routine    starting tomorrow morning 
i need to go to bed sooner   
has a lot to do    doesn't even know where to get started   
what a week    and it's only wednesday!!! aaaaaack!!!
"well, my week is tough, but at least not as bad as that kid in the \tantrum fail\"" video """
what's on my mind?  sacred ground - chapter 1
"what a night, pcw!  this was ridiculous!"
"sacred ground - chapter 1; that was one of the most exciting and fun nights of my life!  great show, great people, great time!!!"
"i think this is the first day since the superbowl where there was no work, no wrestling, & no need to fulfill any duties    just a chill-day  smile "
"platinum championship wrestling: the road to sacred ground - chapter 2 begins tonight, at the jungle!"
it was fun    but i'm out of the monkey suit!!!  wink 
oh    ugh    ahh    aack   playful 
"5 minutes of watching smackdown makes me wish i was at least at academy theater, watching pcw  annoyed "
anime-style nosebleed  annoyed  (not as cool in real life)   now i'm considering seeing a doctor (and maybe hiring a clean-up crew) 
platinum championship withdrawals!!! > sad 
haven't had good sushi in at least a year or more; i need some sushi friends  annoyed 
"just saw a woman who resembled triple h; that's funny, but really    no, it's not funny at all "
memory foam mattress: yay or nay?
"may be allergic to ant bites    and consequently, may be headed to the doctor if this doesn't start to clear up by tomorrow > annoyed "
i'm kind of a big deal    at concentra urgent care  (i've got to stop visiting that place so often)   annoyed 
just saw an opossum crossing my driveway as i pulled in; it's time to get the trap out 
"despite some bumps, bruises, and a bloody nose    it's good to be back at a pcw show on friday night!!!"
bully beatdown  the only reason to watch mtv 
well    i guess i've got to fix my garage door    or turn my e playful lorer into a low-rider  > annoyed 
"to my friends: if you send me a message on my ps3, you'll probably want to text, call, email, or contact me on facebook to let me know you sent a message to me on my ps3   otherwise, i may not see your message for months  (i usually only check it on accident) "
"yes, u-verse guy    i built my own dvr   that was like, 6 years ago   i've already upgraded it 3 times "
"just saved $200 by purchasing and installing the garage door opener himself   suck it, overhead door company!"
floor seats!!! we're going to wrestlemania!!!
"after the past two days, i deserved a day at work that went this well      and now, some soft music for the trip home "
"when it comes to food, fresh always beats frozen    always "
christmas bonus hit the bank this morning!!!
not again tarheels    not like this   
"my niece: \you're a baby because you have ducks on you pajamas\""   i had no idea that qualifies me as a \""baby\""  lol"""
"went with my nephew on a field trip to see a christmas performance   when did <propfirst> <propmale> become such a big part of christmas? the grinch threw his hat on the ground, and moonwalked, and i heard  someone say \who's bad?\"" at the start of one part """
my niece: [poking me] \uncle t," i'm going to poke you in your jelly belly\""!\"89255508480b68b6aa58254de5f696d0,work n' wrestling tomorrow!!! [ joyful ]
had a blast at the cedar grove show again!  also found out i can clear the top rope if i ever decide to a dive out of the ring (the scuffmark-like bruise on my back says so) 
is there a gameshark for ufc shows? i think garcia just used it  (<propfemale> phan won that fight)
got an une playful ected call  smile 
"so much to do, so little time!"
gym + wrestling training = 2 bags of sweaty workout clothes in my car!
oh yes    making waffles in the morning! [ joyful ]
chicken eggrolls! (i haven't made eggrolls in over a year!)
"ok    i guess i am kind of stubborn  i don't think that has anything to do with a zodiac sign, though "
27 degrees outside    guys laying new sod    is this a sign that warmer weather is on the way or is it just a landscaping fail?
"you have: 1 unread message from your secret crush reply >>yes<< to get ur crush's name now! 4help 8002357105 $9 99 mo msg&data rates may apply txt stop 2stop\\i'll take phone text scams for $100, alex   \\¡¡daily double!!"
"you're a hundred-year-old man in a green bathrobe; what do i stand to gain by beating you? if i win, i beat up a hundred-year-old man in a green bathrobe; if i lose, i lost to a hundred-year-old man in a green bathrobe  in both instances, i lose my job  i have more worthwhile things to do   "
ugh   survive 
wooooo hoo hoo hoo!!! it's cold out there!
"work, wrestling, work, party, work, work party!  it's been a blast; but i need rest "
i actually get to sleep tonight  smile 
"grown folks vs  little kids! grown folks!\grown folks!grown folks!!!"
score 1 for grown folks!!!
"in the end, uncle t wasn't a grinch or a scrooge, leaving the kids with coal; he reached in his bag and passed out real gifts    but that prank was christmas gold!!!"
"- programming superstar,  esquire "
pcw at the masquerade!!!
double!! [ joyful ]
"if you're so cold, why are you \sagging\""? get your life together """
"just got my car washed, and it felt strange watching someone else clean and dry my car  then i realized i rarely ever let anyone do something for me that i am capable of doing myself "
"a day to myself    so far, i've been to the gym, got an oil change, a car wash, washed dishes, and i'm cooking and washing clothes "
had a dream that i tried to ring up a customer; whew    glad i woke up from that nightmare!
non-store epic failure!  >:-0
nephew: \i'll be glad when you come back home," so we can wrestle\""!!!\"89255508480b68b6aa58254de5f696d0,i'm at concentra urgent care entirely too much     annoyed 
i haven't found anywhere in history where someone died because they read the instructions; maybe you should read the instructions  go ahead    you know it's safe now 
better than perfect     it sure sounded funny 
gambled    and won 
being snowed isn't that bad    when you have great company [ joyful ]
cops like me; crooks hate me   
that was a really nice sunrise this morning    too bad it signaled that i needed to get up for work!
"sooo my safety cones blew out of the back of my truck at a <propmale> speed of 20mph, but an empty 20oz coffee cup didn't at 50mph?  i think they more likely \walked off\""   > sad """
"my truck just 180'ed on north druid hills, missing a vehicle on the other side of the road by less than 3 feet   d o t worker: \ we need more salt out here    i don't know how this guy stopped his truck from hitting this car\""  cop: (smiles)\""he's spider-man\""   [ joyful ]"""
ohhh    aaaack!!!
"apparently, i'm the only person in my neighborhood that doesn't create enough garbage to fill the container every week; everyone else is still waiting for last week's pick-up "
"how does it feel to be so loud, and so wrong? (maintain etiquette in public    especially if you don't know what you're talking about)"
"if you're jealous of police officers who speed and run red lights, get a job as an officer and enjoy the same benefits; but be ready to accept the responsibilities that come with the job "
"still \catching up\"" with life outside work today   """
"i just finished filing my taxes with taxact, you can try it for free: http annoyed  budurl com taxactfb1"
hard work over the past couple of days really paid off this morning   
it's sleeting!!! ice! cars!     chaos 
what a day    and it isn't over yet   
5:45pm - lunch  sad 
"apparently, i look hispanic when i wear a hat   "
yeah    toys!!!
"espn, where is my freakin' tarheels game?!? >:-0"
what happened?!? [ troubled ]
"in unfamiliar territory, there's always american deli  smile "
entering code for a database program? bleh!!!
"i'm glad everyone's having a great time, but yes, i am jealous "
what happened to my warm weather ?!?
$3 49 for gas?!? them's crack prices!!!
beat dook!!!
"did my ears deceive me, or did hbk call hhh a \warhorse\"" on raw?"""
"your argument becomes invalid when you say, \my friend who has internet told me   \"""""
"office outpatient visit:$90 00 - insurance  annoyed \please pay this amount: $4 76 [ joyful ]"
i'm not interested in e playful erimenting    i'm interested in kicking ass!
"march madness + overtime = thriller! \work + overtime = killer    (aaaack!)"
final sunday at work!!!
"wow    that was fun, and it's wasn't even my birthday!"
just realized he has to catch up on everything this evening!  (the next ten days are booked!!!)
security!!!
this isn't about surviving; this is about succeeding 
finally    i am actually on vacation!
"get out of the road, save your money, and get a real bike!!!"
just saw abdullah the butcher inducted into the hall of fame   he had the fork!!!
we're going to wrestlemania!!!
meet the zandi's
bumming wi-fi all over indiana   
passport!!!
today was supposed to be my first sunday off under my new schedule  it was also supposed to be 10am-7pm on my old schedule   how am i just pulling in the driveway at 10:15pm? (don't worry; i'll feel better when i see the paycheck)
fiberglass splinters  all over my arms   sad 
"is a real, live <propmale> <propmale> to the 3rd graders at montclair elementary "
"\present choices determine future rewards\"""""
thanks for all the birthday wishes! i had a great day!
"(fighting hercules on <propfemale> superhero squad *wii)\\nephew: if i could use theseus on here, we could beat hercules easier!\\me: if i could use kratos on here, i'd show hercules who he is!"
"at some point, i'm going to need a break   "
"on this day, in 1945, hitler was announced dead  coincidence?"
"not making this day a federal holiday is \letting the terrorists win\"" """
