76ca1efc5062003eb7727d8d8b5fcf3f
excited about living back in <propmale>!!!
loves the weather in florida 
loves florida but is not happy about his job 
wants people to just press the gas peddle   its not that hard to do 
done working as a teacher this friday!!!
thinking about getting the house ready for christmas
just got done shoveling snow
is ready for bed 
hope everyone is having a nice <propfirst>'s day
wants the snow to go away!!!
had a great day today 
hoping today is as good as yesterday 
remember to vote at www thatbitchisis com egoawards
don't forget to vote for me as your favorite bartender at www thatbitchisis com egoawards
one more crazy night of bartending this weekend 
"survived the weekend, now hoping the weather is better this week "
is just really mad right now!!!
is happy the weekend is just about over   now i can relax 
just relaxing
"getting ready for another crazy weekend, i wish it was sunday morning already "
"is happy the weekend is over   happy spring everyone, warm weather is on the way!!!"
"this weather has got to go, winter is over!!!"
one night down and one more to go   i hope it goes by fast and i make a lot of money 
"another weekend over, now looking forward to the warm weather thats coming this week "
two more days of rain and cold then finally some spring weather 
"happy that the warm weather is finally here, now time to work on a tan "
is in ohio with the family   happy easter everyone!!!
where did the warm weather go???
"i am going to mow some grass today, hope its warm "
"the club was dead this weekend, i wish i knew why "
just thinking some <propmale> changes need to happen soon
"just got hope from working at the club  i am so tired, and i need to change the rear brakes on my car before going back to the club tonight   ugh "
tired from a long weekend 
its the weekend and i am ready for a 12 hour nap 
i caught a cold   this cold weather is not helping 
i am in a good mood today for some reason 
i am back in toledo until the 27th 
is going back to ny in the morning  sad 
is tired 
"i like the rain, but the temperature just had to drop 30 degrees too   not fun "
is surprised by how some people are not who they seem to be 
had a lot of fun at cedar point on father's day 
going to <propfemale>'s tonight 
is going back to new york today 
is back home in ny and time to go back to work   at least the weather is warm 
"is not going to nyc pride, too much work to do  sad "
"thanks everyone for all your birthday wishes   i really didn't do anything fun on my birthday, just worked the whole day "
"i love this warm weather, it reminds me of <propmale> "
"another weekend is here, i hope the club is busy   i get so bored behind the bar "
is very tired of working all of the time 
"the summer is going by too fast, i don't want it to end "
i don't want the summer to end!!!
going to the mall and then work at primetime tonight
"ego party tonight at primetime, its going to be a beach party   i will be there behind the bar "
is enjoying the warm weather while it lasts 
i am tired and have a headache  sad 
in toledo visiting family
going to menjo's tonight 
relaxing today
going to sleep now
"suicide is not the answer   we all have been given the greatest gift of all, life   treasure your life every day   problems, we all have them, deal with them face to face   when life gets tough, you get stronger, wiser, and become a better person   suicide is not the answer "
i just came in from relaxing in the jacuzzi   now i can spend some time looking up parts for the jeep wrangler i am restoring 
going to be bartending tonight at primetime   its the halloween costume party tonight!!!
happy halloween!!!  remember to say your prayers for those stuck in purgatory 
"well it was a long weekend, and this week is going to be longer "
tired from working and not looking forward to this weekend 
"it snowed all day yesterday, what is that all about?"
"another long weekend is over, now i can enjoy an easy week "
sleep is good
its cold and snowing and i am stressed 
sometimes life can be a lot of fun 
<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays to everyone!!!  i am very lucky to be with my family in ohio   i wish everyone were as lucky as me 
happy new year to everyone!!!  i am having trouble coming up with a good new year's resolution   any suggestions???
"i am getting ready to drive back to ny tomorrow morning   eight hours of driving, i better not get any tickets "
"well i made it back to ny safe and sound last night   i had a great time with my family and friends during the holidays, and cannot wait to see them all again "
time to get ready for another snow storm   i miss living in florida  sad 
getting ready for another night at primetime 
"its raining and snowing, and when the temp goes down to zero tomorrow night everything is going to freeze   why did i ever leave florida???"
"it's cold and i have to work at the club tonight   last friday was good, i hope tonight is better "
"okay i understand its winter here, but -8 degrees for tonight   thats just rediculous   someone needs to be fired "
its friday again   i will be bartending at pimetime tonight 
what can i say about this weather???  umm it sucks!!!
its saturday again and i will be bartending at primetime 
you just gotta love the steelers!!!
most people will never know what it feels like to be really tired 
tonight is the <propfirst>'s day party at primetime   i think i will be bartending in something pink 
i want the snow to go away!!!
today has been long but productive   i think i will relax in the jacuzzi and then jump into bed   the best part of every day must be the end 
so far i am enjoying my new job  smile 
ready to start my first full week at my new job   i am the database analyst for the monticello casino and raceway 
ready for another week of working at the casino 
