48ff16b4ee226034965068462a35529f
"call me beofre you're dead, we can make some plans instead"
fucking car got stolen 
fuck  bored  there's nothing to do 
"5,000 squirrels"
"my bad   10,000 squirrels!"
now with 50% more squirrel!
fuck isu
friday was awesome  smile  squee
absolutely bored  call me    you know who you are
doing laundryyy    bleh
and we're running down the backstreets oi! oi! oi! and we're running unafraid  oi! oi! oi! cause we all know that that's the sound of the streets
rip maddix mandark :[
so confused     :[
so this has been like the best day ive had all year most likely      smile 
"party tonightttttt  laugh  oh yeah  and why are guys such assholes sometimes, i mean really?"
damn   
wearing my roommate croc shoes  i feel like a twat
im sorry    i really am
i wonder how many cars you see when dirving have bodies in the trunk
feel like shit    fuck
"fuck us postal service  45$ for a fucking package to be two nighted, its been four fucking days!"
my package was supposed to besent in 2 days  its been five fucking days now fuck you usps
moving to kentucky in december prob
made my pc look like a <propmale>  smile 
still bored though   
bored    ready to go home
feels like shit     first time sick in years     :[
bi polar?
fffucked uppppppppppppewpepepeppepewfpmpnsf
i like my coffee black just like my metal
cant wait to go home tuesday and see mah besty  smile 
cant wait to go home!!!!!!  laugh 
getonmyhorse com
"hanging with <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propmale>  laugh "
"well tough titties then, mr  pussy cat"
back at campus    still kinda sore from the accident
"went to bed at 8 this morning, awake now though because my roommate doesnt know how to be fucking quiet and let people sleep"
<propfemale> sigh
completely fucking pissed off
"dont know what to do, think im really going to move pittsburgh in a month or so  start over "
"i'm half alive, but i feel mostly dead"
i'm guessing there's a pill for that?
tired    but not tired enough
"blah, i cant wait to get my phone activated so i can text     no more cracked screen!"
"and i dont want to be the center of attention, i just want to be noticed "
on facebook apps and shit you should be allowed to send gifts to yourself    
last day at isu :[
im going to delete the next person who changes their main pic to a pokemon 
wake&bake
bored  bored bored  bored bored bored bored bored bored
wasnt good enough    again
court tuesday  this fucking blows
poop?
hate it when i forget to sign out and people mess with my shit
"tired of lying in the sunshine staying home to watch the rain, and you are young and life is long and there is time to kill today"
"and now my bitter hands, cradle broken glass, of what was everything  all the pictures have all been washed in black, tattooed everything"
sometimes i worry that i've lost the plot my twitching muscles tease my flippant thoughts i never really dreamed of heaven much until we put him in the ground
a million poppies gonna make me sleep   but just one <propfemale> it knows your name  the fruit is rusting on the vine  the fruit is calling from the trees
if only tonight we could sleep in a bed made of flowers if only tonight we could fall in a deathless spell if only tonight we could slide into deep black water and breathe
and i cant tell if you're laughing between each smile there's a tear in your eye there's a train leaving town in an hour it's not waiting for you and neither am i
-yawn-
    cleaned my room    o o
"january, 1979 saw a terrible crash, and couldn't help but laugh, my ear pressed against the pass, like a glass on a wall of a house in a photograph, my forehead no longer sweet with the holy kisses worthy of your fiery lips, i was floating in a peaceful sea, rescued by a sinking ship "
so    fuck those notifications talking about people leaving comments when theyre really not
boredededededededededededededed
"class at eight in the morning, i hope i wake up   "
"there was a sense of disappointment as we left the mall, all the young people looked the same, wearing their masks of cool and indifference  commerce dressed up as rebellion"
today is going to be the best day ive had in awhile    
tired   headache   fuck
fuck off
"there is no reconciliation that will put me in my place, and there is no time like the present to drink these draining seconds, but seldom do these words ring true when i'm constantly failing you, like walls that we just can't break through until we disappear"
cant stop listening to rise against
nap  __________ 
just woke up    bored    nothing to do
thinking about going back to bed   
class cancelled squeeeee
damn why do i feel so much better all of a sudden   
   class   sigh
my nights ruined  thanks 
bleh bored
hm    the <propmale> show isnt really as good as family guy
"got myself up for class, forgot about court though  fuck"
dont you know the first law of physics? everything thats fun costs at least 8 dollars
"out of jail, it was only only for the night though, no big deal     forgiveness is the final form of love  "
bleh  i hate peppers
what else could i say? everyone is gay 
dear chasey lain;
"holy eyes, i never knew i'd beg down at your feet, hold on tight, i never knew i'd know much more than this  open sky, the wave of pain, the scent of you is bliss  hungry eyes, they stare at me    i know, i know-- don't go   "
fuck  shots at 8 in the morning? fu tj
clean socks  laugh 
fuck  why does the caf have such retarded fucking hours
makes me wonder why im still here
"standing up high on a mountain top , looking at the valley below   <propfirst> poppins flies by on a rattlesnake and  i bury my head in the egyptian snow"
theres really no fucking excuse as to why its 3:18 and the mail still isnt here  its fucking ridiculous  mail should be where it needs to be by 1  everyday no matter where youre at 
interesting weekend    not looking forward to how its going to affect the rest of the week though   
need     lighter
funny how having a certain song stuck in your head can make your day better
"today, i saw a commercial for the snuggie  i thought it was stupid idea, but i couldn’t change the channel because i was under a blanket and i didn’t want my arms to get cold…"
was going to take a shower until she saw roaches in the showerstalls   fucking disgusting
is  are you?
has just made the internet eight words longer
"oh no, said the elephant, it seems im stuck in the fridge and i cannot make it to the lion <propmale>'s party"
still drunk    last night was awesome
there's really no need to listen to the warnings of somebody who is neither a surgeon nor a general 
i wish <propmale> <propmale> wouldn't keep loose change in my weed 
"attention tramps! you are prizes  nothing but hairy prizes  you think you're important, but you're not "
cant stand what my everyday has become
"i don't know if god exists, but it would be better for is reputation if he didn't"
im actually glad i went to my floor meeting  go figure
cleaning my room     i know right
cant   sleep    :[
 laugh 
my mom sent me the yellow twister drink  laugh  everyone knows yellow is the best one
let it burn
not another flaming giant squirrel    
:[
does that <propfemale> with all the girls? sunshine!
"dear encore gourmet food corp, your generic ramen noodles taste like ass "
"what awaits each person in heaven is eternal bliss, divine rest, and ten thousand dollars cash"
had a meeting with the area director  too bad he didnt show up for it
and the answer's always waiting at the liquor store
is somewhat of a tetris prodigy
jeez    who scraped the icing off your cupcake?
sunday morning hold church down at the bar
"what it means to me to be with you alone, close the door and no one has to know"
"going out to eat with <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfirst>  then coming back and getting smashed with everyone else   laugh "
beeerrrrr
wow a whole week of nothing 
so     <propfemale> in wonderland was totally not what i e playful ected    not really that good of a movie    and the actress they chose for the white witch? aweful casting  really 
fucking pissed 
stuck at home with no way to get back to campus  great 
getting a ride to campus with people i dont even know    great 
oh shitttt strangers with <propfemale> is on
bleh    hearing in an hour 
"hold on to the memory, it's all you got"
oh bored   
needs some different friends   
new piercing  laugh 
did it all get real? i guess it's real enough 
hasnt had a cigarette today :[
court in the morning   
"oh college, what have you done to me    "
"i wish that just for one day,  everyone would say exactly what they wanted to say "
"sing me to sleep, i don't want to wake up on my own anymore"
"but dreams have a knack of just not coming true, and time is against me now"
"drinking a beer, getting a tattoo  life is good :  \\n"
and im tired of losing
"i’m a driver, i’m a winner; things are gonna change i can feel it"
why cant i sleep?
slept a little bit    better than nothing
dear chasey lain;
loves the smell of poo  
hates its when people change my status to something stupid lol
its only a bad influence if you dont have fun :
"out of credits, needs food :["
"well, waking up sure was pointless   "
3 daysss
"and a new day will <propfemale> for those who stand long, and the forests will <propfemale> with laughter "
"fruit loops, then sleep"
 smile 
"oh <propfirst> johns, its been too long"
who would have though that it was premium night at the towers on 420?
breathe
so     tired     
lol seems people are getting their profiles hacked  sucks for them
"has credits now, oh boy  smile "
fuck
"and you know it might not be that bad, you were the best i ever had"
"i don't care if it hurts, i wanna have control  i want a perfect body, i want a perfect soul  i want you to notice, when i'm not around  you're so fuckin' special, i wish i was special "
packing everything to go back to vevay tomorrow     not looking forward to cleaning my fridge
wtf? you dont put half eaten popsicles in the fucking freezer 
miss you :[ wish you felt the same
has nothing better to do than get high and watch eureeka
"take your time, you know i like it when you smile"
has a midget hitting on her on myspace  suddenly remember why i dont use it anymore 
fuck  get out of my head 
the spider in top corner of her shower that she decided not to kill has more than trippled in size  great 
"levanta levanta tienes que gritar, \levanta levanta tienes que bailar"
wafflehouse? really?
"<propmale>- i played dont stop believeing like four times on the jukebox, i mean were not gonna be here  jerie- thats awful, you better tip "
is still     drunk
hitman is on  hell yeah
got fourth place out of fortyfive people in laser tag yesterday  laugh 
seriously? cigarette prices went up again? bullshit 
oh jeez   
"if love is a labor i'll slave till the end, i won't cross these streets until you hold my hand"
"wow, the us is getting buttfucked by the weather right now"
has anyone seen googles homepage? you can play pacman on it  laugh 
well    was almost a perfect night  annoyed 
"i want something good to die for, to make it beautiful to live"
is going to have the most fantastic weekend with mister <propfirst> miller!
"war does not determine who is right, war determines who is left "
frustration
"it's one thing to make a book into a movie and leave parts out, its another to twistthe plot and make up scenes that never happened     bullshit"
"it's an institution that is in decay\and if i have love i wish to portray,\i will surely find another way"
 love 's <propfirst> chin-quee toooooo  laugh 
"call me up before you're dead, we can make some plans instead"
i wish i didn't have that beer the other night so i could have it now
how many <propfemale> kalberer 's does it take to find the only fucking button on an itouch?
"are you a cop, sheriff?"
birthday in two weeks  smile 
fucking id disappeared  broke and cant cash my check  fucking sucks 
ugh  it feels more like 8am than it does noon  
and the days press on like crushing weights
thinks that sublime's remake of <propfemale> begonias is better than the grateful dead's original 
only day off for two weeks and nothing to do   
"and it doesn't matter much to me, as long as it's dead"
cant wait to go to the swiss wine festival this weekend  laugh 
thank you <propfemale> traffic for making me late for work yet again
when you live in an apartment complex that only has two sets of washers dryer dont be a fucking cunt and put all your laundry in both of them so other people cant clean their shit
and at the border of utopia i'd toast to anarchyy;
doesnt see why everyone is bitching about the new <propfemale> layouts
loves waking up to her neighbors blaring 'twelve days of xmas'
yay  lost my keys! even better? someone found them and took my car!
