e8d5a46fb1b02b2979e9e0fc23ee4912
assistance needed    if you are my friend send me  a request   i cant find you all  
is wondering why there is bacon in the soap 
next person to add me gets a cookie   thatll make 90 friends 
the winner is anne-therese! cookie for you! [e-cookie]
there are 3 phases to insainity    1) you talk to your self 2) you argue with your self 3) you are no longer talking to yourself because of an arguement you had with yourself im on that last one 
   doesn't know what to say!
who wants to be purple or orange? 2 people left!
<propfirst> chris-the-moose!
got a new puppy!
"so   im thinking school is closed   not sure, but i think, just maybe thats what people's posts are telling me "
"so   im thinking school is closed   not sure, but i think, just maybe thats what people's posts are telling me   again"
"<propmale> is back, if ya know what i mean  laugh "
"<propmale> is back, although he is pink and black "
b o r e d!    i miss my friends already (one hour after game over)
is missing school    :  
"has the bored, ran with the bored and you know what? got bored!"
"there ain't no rest for the wicked, 'till we close our eyes for good  -cage the elephant, no rest for the wicked"
"medic, medic, doc-tor, medic meeeeeeeeeeeeddddddic  doc, yo doc! do it doc do it!"
friday friday friday friday friday!!!!!! get  here  naow!
north-south game! oh yeah! can't wait to see everyone!
"is now quite angry, all those awesome photos he took, now gone due to the camera being evil and having to reformat "
does not like hearing something said that something is not for them to be heard  it makes him want to know what it is all the more   
im going to take a sleep 
watching zombieland!
what did i say? woo saints 
has contacts 
"gave blood today, and got a shirt!"
"today, i think ill go insane "
dance! everybody dance!
   lets just say crutch-end caps and my head = not so good 
5 <propmale> of walk today! time to nap 
finals week already!
indeed 
"well what a nice day! fun at the concert, which was awesome! then at mcdonnalds, i got shown up at mini soccer   "
"im the guy, that did that one thing, that one time "
and now  i am not currently in school  did not want to get down with the sickness   
only 8640 minuites till i can get hug again 
4320 more minuites!
2880 more minuites! so close!
1440! twenty four hours!
4 hours!
and now   for something completely different   are those sheep?
"wooo! who should i hug first, besides my family?"
applebee's was awesome! and delicious!
simply the best tomorrow! heck yes! cant wait!
awe yeah! awesome night! pep band wins!
going to watch some flying circus!
"to much milk drank makes me want to drink more milk, making me feel even sicker   "
interior crocodile alligator i drive a chevrolet movie theater 
oh yeah! 10min to get home! woo!
is at the lock in 
"just got home from the lock-in! i was awesome! played alot of games, with a few friends  laugh "
has now a cellular device     mesage me with your number!
woohoo! marching band! feel the burn!
"is now going through all his friends and telling each one why i appreciate them, this includes family members "
   you would make an excellent cadaver   
house is clean  did it my self    cleaning= product of boredom  help?
"got back from disney, i smell of sweat and suntan lotion "
you are only five once  unless you go to disney 
"hands are raw from climbing trees and on the playground, what a wonderful day!"
"so i was on a boat earlier and took a lap of a lake, ah the fun times at jakes's   "
"monday, you are an uneventful day    but mostly good, and by mostly i mean its not over, so   "
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together 
"can moo, can you?"
there's nothing you can make that can't be made  no one you can save that can't be saved  nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you   in time
can not dance 
are you tired? because you where running through my mind all night   screaming 
"well prom was a a good time! most definatly! i can slow dance, but not any other kind of dance it shows   "
"what a day, well <propfirst>, this is good-bye "
is feeling better 
is now going to watch what he says   
so the jazz event was awesome!
is on facebook!
"'s phone is turned off, wont be on for a month or so "
well    phone is back on!
dirtfest! rawr! i work it thursday!
"got a bike! oh yeah! places, raaa! i can go to them!"
so    i am marching the mellophone this year    weird no?
encourages you to do a fantastic job in all you do!
"so, i found the \wall of lights\""!"""
had a most wonderful day!
had an awesome mud fight!
"what would you do if i sang outta tune?\would you stand up and walk out on me?\lend me your ears and i'll sing you a song\and i'll try not to sing outta key   "
"one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, (step off) nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two  one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight  one   "
"whats that? its a trap! ,dude, i love that coffee! its a frap, nice hat! its a cap!, whats in the toilet? its a cra- ill let you fill that one in  so like my atlas? its a map!, ouch why did you hit me so hard? its a slap!,  hey, is that your grandfather? its my pap!"
"hey what are you doing under there? do not fap!, dude i get my clothing there  at the gap! im sleepy  take a nap! who's the kid? oh he is just a chap! how do you applause? i just clap! the scene is done  that's a wrap! how do the birds fly? they flap!"
"what kind of music do you like? not rap! is the electricity on? i felt a zap!\ do i talk to much? shut your yap! did you just touch me? its just a \tap! can i sit down? not on my lap! wanna fight about it? yeah lets \scrap! i just got jelly car on my iphone  i love that app!"
"i liked the cavaliers today, and their mad world "
sharks can only be found on two places on earth  the northern and southern hemispheres 
bwahahahahaaaa     paint ball might be my favorite sport now 
"patches, he's a dinosaur, patches, oh yeah!, patches, he's a dinosaur! dance dance dancedancedance!"
<propfemale> el ie ha 
"bwahahahahahahahhahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahhahaha     hahaha    oh and i got a new phone, so i need everyones <propfirst> again "
"hey! anyone wanna see some of the best people ever!?! look at my wall, that there are some awesome people!"
"shopping for present, thats right im buying time lol"
"soooo, two hour run today  now i know that the trail near my house is not as close as i thought it was   "
"so i play the mellophone, trumpet and baratone and then i try to play in traffic, and im told im not allowed  whats up with that?"
i have a hammer! i can nail things together and i can knock them apart! it's good to be a male 
