08c1ac96b2f9b438ee1667d17030176c
the fee for possesing less than an ounce of majirauna in <propfirst> is 1000$
happy b-day <propfemale>!
"trany on my truck died, going to have buy a new one  sad "
"finally fixed my truck  wasn't the transmission, but the flywheel and clutch were shot "
"will be seeing \9\"" sometime this week end anybody interested?"""
38-34 michigan! go blue!
"rio won the 2016 olympics bid, kinda glad "
michigan lost in ot  sad 
"had a awsome time hanging out with some friends at the movie, church tommorow, night all "
"has got his paintball gun fixed now (hopefully) and all my gear cleaned, just need to refill my tanks and get some more paint "
had a good time at the fair 
"just made a fried egg sandwich for dinner, nom nom"
just killed my gov't test 
don't feel as good about my math test as i do my gov't one  wasn't to bad though 
"registering for spring classes tommorow, love whoever invented ratemyprofessor "
"is having a great weekend, 5 hours of paintball at night, getting a new phone, and some more awsome stuff "
work tommorrow then a paintball skrimage on sunday 
"no paintball today, some people were \sick\"" so they couldn't play  (i think they didn't come because they knew i was going to be there and got scared )"""
"hopes we actullay play paintball this sunday, hope people don't get \sick\"" again """
"2 3 finals done, last one is on thursday"
finished with the semester 
"now owns <propfemale> 6,7,8,9 and will be getting 10 soon "
thanks all
"just saw avatar, great <propmale>, but pocahontas much?"
just had to register for the draft so i could get my accel and hope scholarships
tried to e playful lain to a customer what e-mail was  don't think he got it 
"goodnight world, early day tommorrow"
"don't drink and drive- and don't ride with anybody who does \tipsy tow offered by aaa: you don't have to be a aaa member, from 6pm-6am on new years eve day they will take your drunk self and your car home for free  save this number    1-800-222-4357   please re-post this if you don't mind"
heading out to the gator bowl to watch the wolverins kick some but 
"just one week till i leave, can't wait "
if you want to <propfemale> out some time this week just let me know 
"170$ for just one book, better get a good refund "
"ate at the new wing cafe near mcdonalds on watson, not to impressed "
"whoot, brown won the senate seat for <propfemale> "
hates writing essays
"jurassic park iv has been officially announced, awesome "
got my unrestricted drivers license in  the new desing is way to fruity though 
"wow, big fail on the new layout design facebook, at least let me pick if i want the \convenient update\"" """
drinking 23 flavors of awsome 
"went to crosspoint today, liked it, will definitely try it a few more times "
"http annoyed  survivingtheworld net lesson251 html haha, yep "
"just finished a stat test, head still hurts "
the c&c party tonight was great 
just because i'm being payed to help you doesn't mean you don't need treat me with any kind of manners or respect 
"11 1 2 hour work day, fun "
"5 <propfemale> essay on hamlet? yeah, not fun "
saw 2 biker gangs and a da <propfemale> on the way home (i'm going to buy one of those before i turn 25 )
"why do shows have the really annoying laugh tracks? don't tell me when to laugh, if i think it's funny i'll laugh on my own "
blarg
"i should be asleep, church tommorow later today "
http annoyed  starwars wikia com wiki quote:hk-47 the coolest droid ever also provides some enlightening and funny quotes 
"looks like i'll get all a's if i do well on my finals, awsome   now i'll be taking a science classes next semester, along with a psych or sociology, any suggestions on class professors?"
http annoyed  www geneticanomaly com rpg-motivational index html you know if you a nerd if you got those 
http annoyed  www wnd com index php?fa=page view&pageid=141729 that's some messed up junk there 
there's a fine line between being confident and being a smug jack-hole 
"macon state will have on campus housing next semester, hmm "
if dr  pepper has 23 flavors does dr pepper <propfemale> have 24?
"if your car is dirty stop by outback on watson and get it nice and clean, we are doing a fund raiser with our  church group "
calling zande warrior wins on deadliest warrior tonight 
"what up, zande won "
"check out nbc's 6 o'clock news, i might be on "
customers think they are always right 
"according to hollywood, if two people are seen together anywhere they must be dating "
calling ss wins dw tonight 
"blind guardian just released the info for thier new cd, awsome \http annoyed  www facebook com notes blind-guardian at-the-edge-of-time-details 393731574715"
"my boss's wife is having her baby today, keep her in your prayers "
is officialy graduated!
"while a 62 hour work week really sucks, the paycheck at the end is so sweet "
shot my new rifle after supper today 
this weekend at the conference was one of the most amaxing weekends i've ever had 
we finally checked into the cabin 
"back from the cabins, fun weekend "
p90x deserves it's reputation 
isn't fun to wake up early to go atlanta 
"i saw that asvab, and that asvab saw me, guess who blinked first?"
you dun goofed!
"quite a good spoof \\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ut82tdjcisg"
"night all, church tomorrow "
"f'n a! the comic book series is just awsome, and now a amc original series? http annoyed  en wikipedia org wiki the_walking_dead_(tv_series)"
blagharhm 
i am now a sworn member of the <propfemale> army national guard 
"going to see <propfirst> pilgrim at 7:45 at <propmale> lake, care to join?"
<propfirst> pilgrim will blow your mind 
"home from mi, game was great, 14 hour drive not so much "
\there are to many people," and to few human beings \""                                                \"08c1ac96b2f9b438ee1667d17030176c,"bleah, my hands smell like propane "
if <propmale> <propmale> fought vladimir putin who would win?
"fair with the fam was ok, mom bought another gaot  annoyed "
i'm off to my first drill 
my car was frozen today  annoyed 
would have liked to know it was day-light savings today 
first class got canceled 
gay rights are human rights 
<propfemale> sigh
got drill tomorrow 
about to leave for the hockey game 
happy thanksgiving everybody!
black friday shopping is srs busnss
"what is it with literary characters and killing themselves in \the name of love\""?"""
"changing your profile pic to a cartoon is going to do <propfirst> to stop child abuse  empty shows of support are just that, empty  if you actually care about stopping child abuse do something meaningfull "
ever feel as if your life was in the allegorical doldrums?
"about to eat some homemade cheesyburgers, laters "
why do i keep getting friend requests from people i don't know when we don't even have any friends in common?
"i am now officially done with this semester, now to wait a week to get me final grades  annoyed "
off to my last drill before basic 
"back from drill  pugil is fun btw, try it out "
about to make myself some waffles!
i just want to get out of this house and do something!
have 3 4 of my christmas shopping done 
anybody want to go bowling friday night?
taking my mom to abc for lunch 
"got all my christmas shopping done, <propmale> out with my mom today and got myself a little something to "
"going to see tron at 5:20, anyone want to come? at the one on 96 "
"football game in florida in 1 day, birthday in 6 days, christmas in 7 days, new years <propfemale> in 13 days, and leaving for basic in 23 days  got a busy month ahead "
heading out for florida 
lions win 20-17 in overtime; awsome game 
"ever had a time in your life when everything was perfect except for one thing, and that one thing is all you can think about?"
"one 11 hour work day down, 4 more to go "
know what i try to do when a customer is acting like a complete jerk-wad? forget about it  someone like that isn't worth the time it would take me to even think about how much of a jerk they were are being 
"looking for something to do on new years <propfemale>, if your doing something awesome and got room for one more let me know "
"getting off work soon, anyone want to go bowling thursday around 8 surprise 0?"
one day i want to copy someones status word for word and see if they notice 
you know what bear grylls really needs to do an episode about? zombies 
you know why music is so important to so many people? because there are songs that can e playful ress exactly what you are feeling in a beautiful and profound way 
"ship date got delayed becuase of stupid weather issues, not leaving for atlanta till tuesday "
"blarg, waiting is the worst part "
"that was nice nap, last one i'll be able to take for quite awhile though "
weather needs to shape up so i can go 
"great, was supposed to leave last sunday, then i was supposed to go today, now i might not be able to go till next week  this is the one time snow ice sucks balls "
"well, just got the call, going to atlanta this evening and flying out tommorow  wish me luck and keep me in your prayers and i'll be back before you know it "
