f022d891a800b454f6af02e372e2aa2b
happy new years <propfemale> every 1!!!! lovveee yew smile 
sad sad 
bored and sad in chickasha
bout to go feed hungry people lol smile  my tummy hurts sad 
saw transformers last night it rocked!!!
just got done swimming      it's so freaking hotttt!!!!!!!!
is so freaking sore from jumping off cliffs lol smile  ouch!!!
is bored at home i couldn't go over to any1's house today sad !!!
borrrreeedddd!!!!!!!! text me!!!!
hates liars!!!!!! text me i'm bored! (940) 634-0357
is pretty bored hmph      i'm so confuzed!!!!!!
is aboutz to go too beckys casa lol!!!!! can't wait! but i'm bored right now so if <propfemale> wanna text meh da # iz (940) 634-0357
iz sittin at herr gmawz house wit nuttin to do smile  so bored gahhhh!!!!
is not likein this storm thing too much it was to perty outside for dis         so uhg now i'm bored text meh!!  love  yah
is bored with nothing too do tonight ugh!!!!!   text if you can (940) 634-0357
hmph i don't have anythin on mi mind lol i needea clean mi casa              grrrmphh!!!!!!!!
i'm super excited to go shopping in frisco wit <propfemale> todayy bout too leave smile 
i'm ready for school too start!!! lol smile 
is sittin on the computer confused and full!!!! i don't really enjoy thanksgiving that much          
 sad  okayy <propfemale> my phone is deaad and i'm stuck at my grandparents house with nothing too do but wait for the stupid cowboys game t obe over sad  can you say boring??
i'm cold lol smile  why am i always like freezing!!!!!
okayy so telll me why the time i actualy get t;o start again i play worse than what i ever have before sad (( so not cool
wow yeah i'm kinda cold      sad 
i'm chewing gm smile  haha shcool tomorrow funn!!!
is procrastinating and being conflictedd what to do what to do???
bout too have a boring day at home smile 
not looking forward to waking up at 4 smile 0 is it just me or is that extremely to early?? i don't normally fall asleep til then
leavinn the track meet most likely slowest time ever lol but i got first on my jest thts ok i think????
made it too finals smile 
what do frogs eat in <propfemale>    french flies hahahs
am i to mean?? be honest 
got done with district track smile  first in 4*2 and 4*1 third in the 200 i'm happy lol
i am passing out!!! goodnight amd sweet dreamzz
frisco smile 
goin to the races with mar and <propfemale> should be a blast hhaha
( hours gor nothing sad 
seems to end up people are so much more interesting in person   have you ever loved some one in person but wanted to juss punch them through the phone?? i have
"wow i'm so bored i must be extremely quite lame cusssz i caint think of nuthinn <propfemale> do sad  \sadface\"""""
my eyes want too close but i'm not sleepy lol don't you just hate that
"so i'm still extremely happy with how thingszz are going smile  knocking on wood now, i don't want it jinxed"
"ughh i sware i think i'm goin blind i can't see anything out of my right eye! thts not normal): we lost our last game \sad face\"" but we all played hard even though a particular some one don't <propmale> how to keep her mouth shut and thinks she is bettr than everyone else on the team! controlling much!??"""
hey smile  i'm sooo extremely boredd!! text me sad  (940)634_0357
i'm watching the matrix and mystic pizza at the same time i hate waiting on commercials lol don't worry i already know how cool i am smile 
hangin wid lis and <propfirst> tonight
me and <propfirst> just got divorced how sad i left her for lis
isnplayin american idol super mondo duper boredd
so <propfirst> and lis just left and my parents left to go play golf which means i am home alone with nothing to do! help sad 
it gets off sometimes until we fix it
i miss u):
have no idea what to do today    any ideas?? hit me up wink 
ugh im so tiredd of this! i give up
i'm watching avatar smile  this woulda been freaking g in 3d
so it starts going good then it all stops! what kinda crap is that!!!
that was a good movie smile 
so it's good again smile  hopefully stayed this way
mann i'm so freaking dizzy and tired!!! school was sok boring and fastt today
peoples upsett me dearly nows a dayss too much drama ovr absolutely nothingg if <propfemale> ask me!! annoyed \
tala tomorrow smile  math iss so easy though!!! should be fast and way to boring
"i woke up too early sad  now i got 30 minutess of editing for my bus\sad face\"""""
 sad  help me!!!!!!  i feel like crap with a  capital c!!! i can't even fall asleep cause i can't stop coughing
so    i honestly hate stayin home sad  help me out!!!
okayy so i gotta get glasses before i get contacts sad  i'm gonna look <propfemale> ugly!!!! i hate my eyes!! sad 
ughh mind your own bussiness!!!!!!!
watching keepers creapers alone annoyed \ with no one to bury my face into this is great hello night mares i wish i wasn't addicted to scary movies i'm such a baby lol
goin to the lake to tan all day smile 
i'm tired of people thinking they know everything about me when they know absolutely nothing i'm a lot of things but one thing i refuse to be is fake i am who i am take it or leave it you don't have to like me this is exactly the reason i can't trust any1!!!!!
on my way to oklahoma two hour drive lol help me out with the bordum please!!!
visit old friends chillen wit <propfemale> time no seen family all together today has been amazing smile 
visit old friends chillen wit long time no seen family all together today has been amazing  smile 
headed back too texas sad  gahh i miss this place!!!!!
how can i still be sore frm something on monday!!!!!! school is <propfemale> borinnggg the last couple of weeks
goodnight smile  sweet dreamzz!!! smile  smile 
headinn to <propmale> i'm so bored frowny 
<propfemale> booredd!! what too do todayy?? hit me up if you inta hanginn  
little cousins birthday partyy smile 
i miss u):  love  so i'm wsgchin the notebook and still find it to be one of the best movies ever it just makes you say awwww smile 
happy moms day madre i lovess ya!!! love 
i hate being treated like a little kid you would think it was past tht
is there a way to still do this workout and not get all manly lol
had an amazing day no matter how eventless it wass everything has turned around and i'm loving every minute of it wink 
omg i lovess me my storms smile !!!!!!
today could if been much better    but if was aight lol i'm do bored hit me up   
uuugggghhhhhh i do not like this new side!!!!! better change real quick cause that is not me!
nope <propfirst> and <propfirst> are both wrong id choose drowning in a pool full of skittles
so bored i hate when people bail out on mehh
"okayy is anyone else going to the 7 on 7 game tommorrow?! please sayy yess sad  i <propmale> wanna be alone\sad face\""'!!!!"""
okayy so it's my fault when your in a bad mood now?? wtf??!
uhg!! no! i'm sry but i coulda sworn it was 5am saturday freaking morning!!!!!!! stupid $&@!&& game!!!!!! i should not be up this early!!!!!
watchin <propmale> and the chipmunks the squeakwal if i spelled it right lol so cute i wish i was a little animated chipmunk
well don't i know how to pick a winner!!!!!! fml!!!!!!! sad  y always me am i really that gullable??!!!!
hopefully today isn't totally terrible
aight so sports banquet was great and me and him worked it out time to start bein happy again
great day  smile 
"the box is a very confusing movie, i am not quite understanding it lol but it's great smile "
can't fall asleep sad 
"chillin at the lake, missing my baby, happy and depressed that school is already out so fast no longer a fish   , and very very bored help!!"
still at the lake hapily bout to go home smile 
at a family cookout thing yupp don't know any one   
chillin wit my wifey smile  lol but i still miss my babe sad 
waitinn ferr hally i'm oh so boredd
"hally is here smile  watching \ that 70s show\"" i love hyde  smile """
i'm kinda empty <propfemale> night any one hot an idea??
drinking chocolate milk wink  haha don't you just love inside jokes wink !!!?
in a very bad mood!!! grrrrrr
how old am i?? are you sure??
i need ice sad  lol <propfemale> today was a highly boring but fun day smile  if that makes since at all         
lookin like a fool with yo pantszz on the ground wink  haha i gotta admit they got some pretty sexxyyy boxers smile   american idol smile !!!!!!!!
i miss you babe sad 
bout to hit bed goodnight facebook!!!
"well that was interesting annoyed \\sigh\"" wish it wass different though"""
so you think you can dance smile  i shouldd try out=p what do y'all think wink  haha!!!!!!!
i hate that i get mad over the stupidest bs it makes me feel so immature but i caint help it annoyed \ life would be do much easier if everything went the way we wanted it too        oh well sad 
on my mind 24\\7  sad  wish i could fall asleep but i'm not tired at all juss insanely boredd           
oh high school         how dearly i wish drama would leave your grounds and every one inside your walls was a trust worthy person   but then again not every wish comes true 
talkin to my baby smile 
hahaha pinspple e playful ress
i'm sooooo edging boreddddd
bout to go too the lake smile  water skiing!!!!! smile 
monday-friday hahaha smile 
so i just saw a store that said it was open 24 hours really big in fluorescent letters then it had a sign on the door that had the store times  11am-9pm
i'm never having children!!!! they kick in their sleep and i do not enjoy bein woke up at six am with a little boy sayin kaity bear where is the bathroom
!! plus baby breath is absolutely terrible!
going running
packing for oklahoma
"if you like this status, i will post something on your wall that i like about you  post this as your status if you want a challenge  smile "
chilling in oklahoma watchin 106 & park smile 
"it's been like 12 years sthat rabbit deserves some freaking trix already!!!     \why is mr, krabs daughter a whale??     \unicorns are real wink  they're just fat grey and we call them rhino's smile "
today was a good day smile  loving oklahoma not so sure i wanna come back monday lol but i miss my family and baby so    guess i'ma have to lol;p
my belly hurts sad  stupid spicy food!!!!!
musiccc music music tell me why that is all i have ebeen doin all day is listenin to music and playin round on glogster haha playful 
awhh your talkin bout me huh?? wink 
maybe i am ready to come home lol i love it down up here but i miss you
superrr bored!! hit me up pleasse!!
movies sounds fun
wakin up early to go back to texas tomorrow goodnight and sweet dreams everyone
my hand burns  sad  ugh i'm so tired workin out suck!!!! lol
i'm <propfemale> freakinnn tired!!!!! y caint i fall asleep
watchin the boy in the striped pajamas sad 
today was a good day i spose lol have u ever had tht feeling that somethin about what's goin on is wrong or judd weird cause i bern ferlin like that all day annoyed \      ???
dang i make a lot of typin errors i meant just and been and feelin
i hate bein picked on lol y'all can go jump off a <propmale>!!!! i'm not gullable either!!!!!!!!  smile  still love ya haha
stupid 20 foot rope i hope u burn down and die!!!!!!!! my leg hurts sad 
lakerrs baby smile !!!!!!!!
come on lakers really?? what's was up wit y'all tonight!!
hmm i'm boredd annoyed \ miss ya baby sad 
i'm so sore sad  any1 wanna offer a massage??
2weeks is too long sad  miss u!!
kynadee i hate u lol   i juss lost the freaking game sad !!!!!!!
i'm so sleepy sad  i <propmale> even <propmale> y
goodnight every one have sweet dreams
i have a right too be mad about this shizzz
lol americas got talent is so harsh it makes you laugh so hard but i cain't help but feel bad for the poor people getting booed
so pretty little liars got me kinda confuzzed haha
i'm extremely bored some1 intertain me
 smile  in such an amazing mood right now love  made my day  smile 
lakers smile 
i juss lost the game u know what <propfemale>??! u kinda are hatedd at tha moment lol
home court advantage baby smile 
hangin with alley-wa watchin <propfemale> snaps talkin to some weird guy on the phone
lakers bout to win this smile !!!!!!!
lol i <propmale> care what y'all say game was not rigged y'all juss lost ha!!!!!!!
how bout them lakers???
how bout them lakers???
uhgg i hate fightin
lake all weekend wit <propfirst>
ugh!!! once again i just lost the game sad 
uhg i'm do so ready to go home i miss it and i'm burnt sad 
i hate when naturally amazing singers overuse auto tune
"is just in a bad mood wish \someone\"" would change it annoyed \ pluss i absolutely hate bein sick!! stupid lake!!!!!"""
been in bed all day sad  so bored and feel like crapp!!!
this p90x thing really works smile  ten pounds in two week gett itt!
just lost this stupid game again!!!!!!
made my night love  goodnight every one sweet dreamzz
" sad  \speechless\"" ):"""
oi this show is so confusing but i love it smile 
am i the only one that thinks degrassi is a whole lot like one tree hill when they was still in high school
love yhu bubba smile 
okay so i think that water practically burned my foot off my leg!!! i'ma let it cool off a little
my hair feels like baby bussums haha i miss y'all                                   -<propfemale>                                                     -sugar lips   
can't fall asleep just not tired sad  hope i gett to see u soon maybe when i get back  ? any ways dome one text me if <propfemale> up i'm uber boredd
is soooo tired
just got to oklahoma well text me
hmmmm       nothing on my mind in  a very very mellow-ish mood
juss finished my workout blahhh!!!!!! never running 2 <propmale> before p90x again!!!
thinkin bout goin to this rodeo tonight     ain got nothin better to do=p
i have absolutely nothing too do today!!! if your in chickisha and wanna <propfemale> today hit me up i'm super boredd!!!!!!! sad 
my hair smells like coconuts smile 
about to go to church    i'm feeling sick to much lake i guess   
just got back from church      funn stuff
i fell very confused          
okay i think i need to go on that singing <propfemale> show lol=p i know like every song smile 
 annoyed \ <propfemale>             idk
im boreddd        annoyed \
wanting to go swlimming smile 
i'm terrible at typin haha just got done swimmin now bored sad 
"? greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime,yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  repost if you believe in your heart this to be true"
you know what i hate the stupid little things that you press like to so that you can see somethin and then you never get to see them cause you have to take stupid surveys that never end!!!!!!
watching balls of furry haha
i'm totally procrastination this mile right now lol
finishe my mile and p90x for the day!! bout to go shwer up and feel nice adn fresh
 sad   crying 
wow    r-i-p justin sad 
wow   am i getting any sleep tonight??
bout to go to the zoo for teh first time in years     rip justin love 
i'm mad grrr!!! <propmale> we are in a no bueno zone at the moment!!!!!
so      bordness is never any fun!
i want some koolaid
you should let me love you smile !!! song will not gett outa my head!!
lol is it totally crazy that i jsut woke up??
what to do today?????? any ideas?! smile 
"if you like my status, i will post something good about you on your wall! smile "
im bored lol i should prolly be doin my workout about now      
but that's alright because i love the way you lie smile 
owwch!!! my toe hurts sad  i think i lyk broke it r somethin!!!
"i feel very boredd        why can'tt everyone just get along these days?? fighting is terrible!!!!! so is mean-ness! it's totally pointless! why make fun of some one?? how about this, if you don't like how some one looks then don't look at them!!! don't like how they act?? well guess what it's called \ignoring\"" them!! be smart for once!"""
think i'm about to just go swim in the rain lol smile  im hungry   
yawn!!!! some one please make me <propfemale> bored!!!!!!
"what do tigers dream of when they take a little tiger snooze? \do they dream of mauling zebras, or halle <propfirst> in her catwoman suit? \don't you worry your pretty striped head, we're gonna get you back to <propmale> and your cozy tiger bed  \and then we're gonna find our best friend <propmale>, \and then we're gonna give him a best friend hug  \<propmale>, <propmale>, oh, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale>ie, <propmale>, <propmale>!"
gonna go see eclipse in a little while smile  whooooo!!!!  love  jacobbbb
whooo two movies in one night smile  toy story3 and eclipse love 
why can't <propmale> just play with his toys! its not a bad thing!!!!
okay <propmale> is so freaking gorgeous smile !!!!!! 
gahhh so eclipse and toy story3 are definately my new favorite movies of all time!! absolutely amazing!!!!!!!! whooo! smile 
i feel verry tired but not ready for bed at the moment annoyed \
so i'm bored and tired at a bar-b-que or however you spell it haha hit me up smile 
                annoyed \
"- i love yew more than     spongebob lovesz jellyfishing , <propfirst> lovesz karate , mr krabsz lovesz money , and squidward lovesz hisz clarinet , but baby i need yew like plankton needs the krabbypatty secret formula ? "
have a great fourth everyone):
 smile 
boredd and sore):
this summer just jeeps getting even more and more boring): so so ready for school
wish we could actually see each other feel like this is hopeless if we dont
pretty little liars smile 
i'm boreddd gagagaaaaaaa lol lml (means love my life) so much better than fml smile 
just swam and got a sonic blast smile  great night!!!!!!!
how do u even get headaches?? are there little people in side our heads that say heyy they look happy let's hammer nails in there brains and just destroy there moods! o btw medicine sucks none of it works!!
ahhhhh i lml smile  love  goodnight facebook people have sweet dreams i know i will=p
i hate plyometrics! (exhausted)
lol i give up!
just hate myself sometimes):
ugh i'ma <propfemale> that restraunt):
love is evil spell it backwards i'll show ya
don't you just hate when your outside jumping and playing in the rain that people drive by and look at you like you's crazy
with hally goin shoppin tomorrow=p
saw despicable me it was so cute lol smile  feel like swimmin today    hm we'll see     
so i just walked over a mile to the gas station to get ice cream smile  unfortuantely it melted): can't wait til i can drive!!!!!
drinkin chocolate milk and eating chips yumm smile  haha i'm such a fatty=p
if you like this status i'll tell you what i like dislike first impression and confession about you are smile 
watchin <propfirst> dirt layin down textin some pretty gangster people=p today was a good day smile well text me smile 
i wish i had a pet baby chimp they're so cute smile  pretty little liars and make it or break it tonight smile  fun!!!
goin to work with my mom all day=p time for accountanting things haha listenin to kid kraddick[= if ur awake txt me im bored!
sitting on my moms conputer boreddd sad  text me smile 
at the lake    my cheeks are burnt sad 
ábleh walk to the store and have old perverted men strainin there necks lookin hard sware gonna end up crashin that's just mast last time i wear shorts wa
álkin up here
i hate bugs so so very much lol specially ones tht bite and leave bumps that itch):
bout to go to town with my mama smile  i'm bored text it smile 
its decided huge is my second favorite show  smile 
so we dance and we laugh when we touch smile  i love <propfemale>
bouts <propfemale> go swim got my sonic drink and bathing suit whooooo
wstchin degrassi again haha=p
gahhhh my face is peeling!!!! so weird first sunburn ever=p didn't hurt though lol smile 
watchin tosh o love it haha great day smile !!! text me wink 
wake up with a headache that literally has tears coming outa my eyes sad  stomach turning like crazy sad still here so i'm not getting back to sleep soon ugh!!!
watchin hard ball smile  haven't seen it in forever i love it!!! so sad though sad 
why did they gotta kill poor lil g-baby): jusss wrong!
i hate pealing potatos!!!
lol tht <propfemale> was freaking huuuuugggeeee man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so 6 am i'm still wide a awake
my ear hurts):
i still think hunting is bad):
watching where the heart is smile 
lol the dragon ball z theme song <propfemale> little bit catchy
okay so i got a volleyball question about open gym      the times for that would be when??
why are championship eaters always skinny?? they eat for a living!!! you'd think they'd be highly extremely fat??
i sware it's earlier than 150 someone fast forwarded the time!!!=0
i'm so sick of having all these tests done ya know it'd be great if y'all would hurry up and just tell me what's wrong!!!!
have no fear!!! underdog is here!!! smile 
it's so fluffy!!!!!!
"he won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then he'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened smile \-don't worry <propfemale> its a song=p"
headed back from sherman smile  saw eclipse again haha=p
i just lost the game):
watchin zombie land smile 
yeah thanks    love ya too annoyed \
sooooooo frrraankinggg bored):
applebees is great smile  haha hally went without you=p
watchin grease haha be jealous=p
got my phone taken away all day): sorry not ignorin any1 i promise
first day of two a days wasn't very terrible at all haha smile 
"speak and act as those who are going to be judged by the law that gives freedom \<propfirst> 2:12"
gahh kaitlynn is super super sore!!! so mad tht i'm still not released): how gay!!!!
 sad bs!!!!!
really?? your still gonna lie? after everything i thought i could trust u obviously i was wrong glad i know the truth
i'm in a much better mood smile  realized i can live without you in my life everything does happen for a reason smile 
got an ekg a ultra sound done on my heart and a stress test on a tres mill lol everything looked normal just gotta wear this heart monitor til tomorrow and then i'm released woot woot lol he said thinks vasovagonsyncope lol long name but at least it's ovr
kiawa tomorrow?ï?
had an amazing day lol maybe not all tht but it was great haha even though <propfirst> totally scraped up my knee u loser!!!!!!
wooot wooot who's all watchin the game tonight?? lets go cowboys!!!!! smile 
so i wanna start like a super hero gang haha but it gotta be somethin with spider man superman or aquaman forget bat man he sucksss!!!!!!!!!!! it could be like the super aquadic spider league haha=p
man i want the old free credit report band back):
like my status i'll rate u 1-10 or higher if ur special wink !!!!!
what does fwm mean
good morning world!!!!
at the track bored sad 
"why do things gotta be so hectic confusing dramatic and painful in life?? here's some goals for everyone smile no matter what, go ahead and cry its good for you smile  take somefreaking pain killers!!!!! and find true friends that always have your back"
i'm sleepy):
haaaa don't be jealous cuzzzz i'm too shexxcyyy for ya=p haha so bored lol haves no idea how ima get to practice tomorrow don't they <propmale> most parents work and fish and sophies don't drive yet annoyed \
goodnight el facebooko
hey is anyone interested in doing a competition cheer team?? practices on wednesday and sunday? let me know
i'm very very sleepy lol
ga eminem rihanna and <propfemale> fox all in one video! freaking amazing!!!!!
ga i feel fat!
honestly grow up and stop acting so childish its gets old!!!
watch the hoff roast=p haha  smile 
i'm in a very happy mood smile  loving almost everything about today smile 
meet the leopards today  smile 
frozen grapes are amazing smile 
<propmale>!!!!! be scared fool!!!!!!!!!!
muah!!!!!!!! goodnight facebook
well that was rude annoyed \ last time i checked i didn't do nothin too you but aight its whateva no drama needed=p
so         lol this should be very interesting haha wow=0 guess who's ready for basketball woot woot!!!!=p
lifes not the breath you take but the moments that take your breath away
grrr im mad> sad  ohhzz wellzzz haha miss ya babe smile 
time for school
had an all together slow and good first day   smile  terrible practice justt gets on my nerves!!!!
i'm hurt lol need freaking pain pills!!!!!! second day of school     whooooo!!! not!
lol at my grandmas bored i need to get some homework done    annoyed \ blehhhhhh
grr mar you suck penguin eggs!!! i just lost the game sad 
at marisas house nothing too do today sad  text me i guess     
eminem and cookie cake=p lifestyle of mar and kaity-lynn smile 
done homework now relaxinnnn textin <propfirst> and my baybeeeeee smile  love  school tomorrow annoyed \
i'm sleepy stupid english!!!!!!!
make it or break it=p
i miss the skating rink sad 
so just a little bit confused bout how he e playful ects that too work out annoyed \ we aren't training for wrestling??!!!! it'd be great if i could have some fun every once and a while but i'm still not getting it
i just lost the game frowny 
just got done stunting): lotzzzz of fun woooooooo!!!!!!!!!
had a good time with my baby tonight smile  bout to go play more beach volleyball in muenster ur welcome too come iff ya want=p
i'm guessing volleyball again today lol
goin to <propfemale> to play more volleyball
i believe both our float and hallways looks pretty legit=p go class of 2013!!!!!!!!
jus lost the game    again):
truth is   
laughter is a smile that bursts lol wow what a great way to look at that
):!!!!!!!!!!!!):
wow so yeah just run into the side of our truck while we are parked yeah that's smart dumb a$$$$$
i'm sick):
love yhu babe love  smile 
so difficult to make lol
i just lost the game
had an amazing time with <propfirst> tonight smile  luv ya love  going too bed sweet dreamzzzz facebook
okay i don't care what you look like when you got a voice like that my heart is yours all the way!
so i'm tired but moot sleepy
lol ur shexxxxshzyyyy smile 
my back itches and i'm cold annoyed \ lol nough complaining got the day good night
lol so failure is impossible has got to be the stupidest saying ever failure is extremely possible everyone fails get over it
lol so i beleive tht everything deffinately happens for a reason smile  it make take a while for u too figure out what tht reason is but once u do it'll be worth while just in case i pass out before i talk to anyone good job leopards i <propmale> y'all played hard smile !!!!!
dude tell me why the pacifier and the proposal two movies we was conversating about today are on right now! crazy!!
cowboys laugh 
"well had a good time with <propfirst> yesterday and today smile  good tournament yesterday way to go lady leopards has been a good weekend,\well school tomorrow    sweet dreamzz facebook"
i feel like my throat and my head hurts ):and i wanna <propfemale> out with my awesoommmmee bf wink  wuvvvvv u love 
been in this stupid waitin room for ovr an hour now
so i feel like that's cool?? haaaaa if it's what u want then it's wat u want go head on after it lol wow i'm goin to bed l8r g8r!!!!!!!! annoyed \
good luck tonight lady leopards!! and guy leopards i d wish yall luck but you don't need it yall are gonna beast! laugh 
so i totally just realized how stupid facebook is honestly who in the world wants to <propmale> what your doing in ur life 24 7 or even with the new places thing where u are?? i'll tell u who    crazy phsyco stalkers!!!! which is what i feel like every time i look at the news feeds =
getty anyone wanna tell me wht time fall festival stops and ends lol=p
not a good day got me kinda upset   i don't like fallin asleep upset so that's just great   
another crappy day lol but my hororscope says tht this week will be an emotional roller coaster so tht means tomorow will be great right?? well see haaa
i'm supeerrrr boredddd haaa text me or comment me or say somethin interesting!!!!
"so i'm feeling         indifferent lol but i love u <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst> magee(; goin to sleep now sweet dreamzzzz come support lady leopards tomorrow game in sanger=p o btw \hook em' horns(;\"""""
two big games today lil texas and big texas hahah go bubba and hook 'em horns=p!!!!!!!!
had a great day hope tomorrow is just as good sweet dreams
i'm sick sad 
good morning(;
partyy tonight should be fun smile !!
partyy looked amazing big <propfemale>! had tons of fun now i'm home eating frozen grapes=p great night!
think i'm about to go do some p90x=p then hangin with <propfirst> later watchin the cowboys game should be a pretty good day hope u have fun
kinda feel like completely ditched but that's cool i enjoy being ignored ya know it's just a fun thing for me thanks
i hate this stupiddd school sware if it wasn't for all of y'all i'd be going to callisburge or whitesboro!!!!!!! bring mr  suttle back!
6flags=p
went to six flags with <propfirst> and my family today had a great time i love you babe
kindaa bored thinking bout goingg to play basketball later   ??
lol i do not have a life! you know what i've done today? watched matrix one then matrix two now i'm watchin matrix three haha how cool am i!
estoy de mal humor!
i feeel like me and some people need to be <propfemale>in out more often i miss y'all muchess still see u but it's only an in school thing should never be to bussyyy for friends so i beleive we must schedual a <propfemale> out session lol
pick up line of the day:are your parents retarted?? because you sure are special  that's gotta be the lamest one i've heard yet!!! i'm sticking with can
i have your number i lost mine=p
lovee the rain(;
shut up and grow up cause you eat weaners and have a big peanut head!!!!!!!! lol y'all are crazyyyy=p haha sooooo im bored!! haaaaaa
dude i want a freaking dragon!!!
so i'm bored):
well i'm bored so i'll join the new thing    i admit??
sware i love you sometimes i just feel like wrapping you up in a pinata costume and beating you with a stick!!!
so i'm sleepy haaa sittin up at the boys club watchin my brothers practice text me i'll def reply lol=p
you would think after almost dying twice you'd realize your allergic!!! wake up call don't eat wheat fool lol my brothers clueless
i hate hump day o so much!!!!!
lakers game baby wink  you gotta love the record button=p
watchin the strangers  smile 
i decided i got a superrrr short temper span gett mad way to easily but i also gorgive people way to fast      guess i'm just the worrying type annoyed \
i feel terrible);
good luck tonight boys laugh  scrimage against callisburge tomorrow=p get pumped!!!!!!
i don't even care do what you want i'll jus do me bye
it works in the shower lol
first game tonight!!!! come watch laugh  jv starts at 5 varsity 6!!!
gay!!!!!! we'll get at it friday!!!
good morning beautifuls
watagatapitusberry!!!!!!
i feel lonely lol
can we wear jeans tomorrow??
why what's up?? like it(;
it's too early too be awake annoyed \ great job last night leopards y'all did work can't wait til friday!!!!!!!!
so dinner and the movies tonight hope i have a good time  
so paranormal activity 2 was insanely insane!!! lol
lol so bored so like my status and i'll describe you using your name haaa but only like the first 15 people=p
uhhhg!!!! i'm tired of this issshh!!!!! and i'm done with all the bull have it your way cause this girl is givin up!!!!!!!! good night!!!
so    basketballl practice todayy was uhhmmm yikes!!
bubbles+water+epson salt=very very relaxationized bath!!! lol
hey!!! don't frown!!! you never know who might be falling in love with your smile smile 
so     lol like my status and i'll rate u smile  honestly haaa
game tomorrow smile  !!!!!!! get too see a friend    lol go leopards!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
basketball smile !!!!!!!!!
okay so i just gotta say that was an amazing game!!!!!!!!! we played amazing!!!! good job ladies playful 
game tomorrow in lakeworth smile !! come watch if u ain't got nothin goin on playful 
layin in bed with <propfemale> and selene playful  where is the love
lets make like fabric softener and snuggle wink 
lakers smile !!!!!!!!!
goodnight smile 
so i'm tired and had a pretty legit day til tonight = i'll get ovr this whole situation sooner or later until then fml):
little rascals smile !!!
happy thanksgiving smile 
im so insanely bored!!!!!!!
weekend at home alone without dad or brothers smile  wanna <propfemale> let me know! so boring
cause when i'm with you i forget the past and just smile smile 
i decided i hate roller coasters    yeah they're a blast tons of fun you could never get bored but no matter what every time u go up u gotta come down annoyed \
like this status and ill tell you something ive never had the guts to before  wink 
so we lost 34 to 35 annoyed \ they scored the last second of the game to win sad  and i fouled out annoyed \ in a very upset mood
so i just started crying because i'm out of epson salt annoyed \ i believe that's how you know you've had a bad night when one little thing sets you off
soooo          i'll totally love you forever if you can make me smile right now annoyed  just gettin bad news and bad attitudes all day and i cant stand it!!!!! sad 
i see the cat from <propfemale> in wonder land in the sky this morning smile 
basketball game tomorrow smile  in desperate need of a back massage and someone to put me in a good mood but my bestest sexiest friend has failed at both):
we lost): and i'm hurt); o well
my chemistry teacherr lit it up in class ha pot head
when i have kids every time i pass a fast food restaurant i'ma punch my kid in the face that way he'll never wanna go and he'll over get fat hahaa
would somebody like to inform me why everyone is changing their profile picture to cartoons??
is it illegal to stitch someones lips together shoot them in the leg and lock them in a closet for a few days!!!!!!!!
i miss school lol
<propfemale> christmas everyone
"mom:my zodiac sign is a tiger(; \dad sad says to mom) shouldn't you be a donkey?\mom gets mad\dad: what i was saying we where like shrek and donkey( annoyed mom surprise h i thought u where calling me a <propfirst> ass smile "
finally ungrounded wink 
immm emensly 9doubt i spelled that right) bored!!!!! need something to do):
id love it if yall could email me some <propfirst> itd be muchly appreciated haha
im so cold!!!!!!!! sad 
my favorite thing about you is?? comments only please lol smile 
dear sunshine welcome back to earth my whiteness has missed you emensilly                  : sincerraly bad spellr
tell me why ii alllways fall for your type???!
my new middle name is copernicus
at marrrss house!!!!! got my curly hair going on haaaaa
worst day of my life): im gonna head to bed early tonight bye        
way to go softball smile  whoooooo!!!!!!!!
have u ever woke up sober after a one night stand and the guy asleep on ur arm next to u is so ugly you'd rather bite off ur own arm rather then wake him up?? that's coyote ugly wink !!!
wooooo pretty little liars laugh 
in history       bored gahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
yeah        im not laughing   goodnight
i lost my voice lol help me get it back):
oh how i love storms(;
cuz baby ur my everythin and life dont mean nothing without u love 
is any one else going to the pow wow thingy??
yeah <propmale> run rule and home run whoooo
hahaa im jipper!(;
so leave me a comment on my stays and i'll write something special about you on your wall i'm bored playful 
"crying doesnt indicate you are weak  since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive  smile "
in okalahoma with my loving family smile 
kaitlynn thinks       
remember when        
i love my girlfriend <propfemale>!!!!  love  sooooooo much!! haha   wink  ---*hacked* i love you kaitlynn!  smile 
i love my girlfriend <propfemale>!!!!  love  sooooooo much!! haha   wink  ---*hacked* i love you kaitlynn!  smile 
like this if ur ame is <propfemale>
<propfemale> picnic at the park sunday (; come join!!!! whoooo like at 11 smile 0 or 12    
poor <propfirst> beiber everyone picks on her!
snookie wrote a book    whos snookie  haha i love coach fuhrrman
