c6f3d45bee7f1106e0132d8d7d84881b
"the more i think about it, the more i realize that these two people backstabbed me and never really were my friends to begin with  cutting them out of my life is what is important now "
"the more i think about it, the more i realize that these two people backstabbed me and never really were my friends to begin with  cutting them out of my life is what is important now "
"trying to play ffxi and watch \the wall\"" at the same time   """
enjoying a lazy afternoon 
nice thunderstorm outside   
makin dinner  laugh   filet <propfemale>! mmmm mmm good  smile 
wish some of the stress at work would go away 
bioshock ftw!
el toro rojo!!!!!
"great to hear <propmale>'s voice again!  can't believe i stumbled upon you after all these years     gotta make plans to come out there to visit, or y'all (yes, i do say that now  ) can come out here!"
"got the windows open, nice breeze   about to fall asleep listening to sigur  rós - ( )"
off to run some errands while i have a lil blood in my caffeine stream 
watching p s  i love you     i'm such a geek for cheeseball romances 
"chicken breast stuffed with cheese & prosciutto, along with cashew saffron rice ftw!!!"
"gonna braid the roomie's hair, then watch a movie and go to bed   today was not a good day "
gettin some stuff done around the house   be back in a bit   
just spritzed the roomie with my nectarine and white <propfemale> body spray cause he smelled like taco meat    bleh 
punch drunk love 
"confused   all i want to do is sleep tonight, and i can't even get that right "
treat me right  give me the time of day instead of making me feel more alone 
"i think i'm gonna take a nice, cozy nap   love "
bedtime   falling asleep watching drag me to hell     love  this movie 
"damn dogs tried to kill my laptop    but after some re-wiring and careful placement, the tank is back up and running!"
extremely frustrated 
i'm going to bed   watching city of angels  still frustrated 
"hostage situation in a state office building downtown, maybe a mile from here   lets hope everyone will be okay "
its that time of year now    eggnog!!!!!! woooooooooooooo!!!
"thanks <propfirst>, now i have to go find a meatmen album since mine have been missing for years!"
"leaky basement = my favorite boots are ruined   after 13 years in my possession, i had to throw away my docs  i wore them everywhere   i had those things longer than most of my friendships     i miss my docs!"
bites the big one   i'm gonna go be irresponsible for a lil bit  yay me!
wooooooooooooo!!
2010 was a great year    looking forward to an even better 2011 with <propfirst> and getting more excited about becoming parents this upcoming august!
"i cannot *wait* to get a new computer, just so i can dropkick this one out the door and then shoot it "
cleaning + 3 stubbed toes + dog underfoot = limping dog and limping <propfemale>   annoyed 
off to paint some walls at mom's house and make a mess!!!
my new pc is being built as we speak    the green monster will soon be up and running    and then i can shoot the laptop!!!!
"oooooooooh  booze night! a bottle of <propmale> negri, and a si playful ack of moose drool! yay!"
can i go back to bed now?
omgwtfbbq    i'm taking my happy ass to bed 
omg i'm going to be at work forever today   
slept all day because of an awful headache    now i'm wide awake! and i have to be at work at 4am    sad 
work at 4am for almost 3 years now    theres something wrong with my brain   
blazing saddles  awesome sauce 
anyone know what a brown recluse bite looks like?
my tonsils = golf balls  i wanna go to bed  sad 
"i got a new phone    and phone number! if you want to get random texts and or butt-dials, send me a message on here with your number   "
"leaving for kansas city airport! going to visit dad for a couple days, and we're going to see peewee on broadway!!!!"
i'm going to be a mommy!  smile    love 
i have a wedding dress!!!
good day to listen to some pogues 
"more than likely going to <propfemale>, ga for our honeymoon    thanks for the idea, <propfemale>!"
apple
snow? ugh 
