a4be97cc8bfa0083758222590a3d6783
it is saddening  no one said happy birthday to me on my birthday 
this is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo great  i changed the language to english pirate 
a hero's not afraid to give his life 
is listening to an amazing song on a great radio staion right now  things left unsaid by disciple on air 1 
likes his sleep 
saw ice age 3 on monday  rule 1 always listen to <propmale>  rule 2 always stay in the middle of the path  rule 3 the gassiest walk in the back 
give me good music and i will be fine 
i'm going to be an uncle  it makes me feel old 
i am typing this yet i am not on the computer  how do i do it?
happy national ball of yarn day
1 day left  it is tomorrow
"skillet, hawk <propmale>, decyfer down, and the letter black concert last night was amazing"
i has contacts 
"i'm not afraid of loving my enemies turning the other cheek blessing those that would curse me i honestly want peace with you but when you come against my country when you come against my family you try to destroy my people i can't just stand by there's no way that i can stand by this time i will not stand by i am coming, and if i come then pain is coming with me i'm coming and pain will be with me"
<propfemale> christmas to all  its bween a good one   smile 
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can "
glückliches neues jahr!!!
no school today  i feel like sayin somethin random   violence is a cheap version of plastic surgery
i am updating my status cause i havent for a while
"i went to my sisters place in arkansas, hillbillie land  wnet cave diving  that was fun i got a good knot on my leg while <propfirst> got one on his head  the cave called the icebox was cold!!! got really muddy  and we found a random bra   so that made everything better "
i was born when i was too early to have an age to be born with
hello world
i got an early birthday present rom my siblings  it was a nice cute kitten  i named her <propfemale> 
i am now officially 14
has* the best brother in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah! mizzou wins! they just knocked off the #1 team in the league!
don't you know anyone can do this when you don't logout!!!!!!!!
that concert was awesome!!!
that which is on my mind is on my mind 
went sledding today   hopefully the tylenol will kick in soon 
my hands turned colors today   first they were white then they were purple then they were black then they were blue now they're mostly white again 
epically destroyed a computer in basketball by a humbling score of 5-195!
coffeehouse tonight!
