228184fc45682c984cd35e7093ef86dc
might finally be back on a normal sleep schedule after a bad two days     yay for c6h12o6!  it makes everything better  smile 
"is annoyed that he can't sleep at normal times yet, but happy in a general sense   smile "
"is enjoying having a little time to himself, but not too much   "
i've had the house to myself since wednesday    and it's been nice - really nice!
is wondering what in the world he should do in his massive amounts of spare time 
"is considering all of the strange things in his life    weird but cool   ah, the crazy things science can do!"
is frustrated with his poor ability to deal with multiple things at once   
"just went and saw <propmale> potter 6 - all in all it was a really good movie, w00t!"
is in a confusing state of mind 
"just got home from the dentist, and he can't talk because 3 4 of his face is numb    including my <propfemale>, which is actually kind of fun   "
is glad that he has awesome friends to chill with 
"is pondering the meaning of life    and what he wants to eat right now, because he's hungry "
"is already psyched for the wheel of time 12 - the gathering storm, only 90 more days!"
is busy reading    only 85 more days   
just got a new laptop today! w00t!  it is l337!
"shopping for school books, enjoying my l337 laptop, and only 80 days left to wot 12! w00t!!"
is enjoying his last few days before school starts 
stared at a computer screen for way too long today    got a headache 
is worried about starting school tomorrow 
"is excited that they moved up the release of \the gathering storm\"" to oct  27    that gives me 10 days per book    can i do it?"""
"has 51 days to read 5 books    well, as long as i stay on top of my homework better than i did this last week, i should be fine "
"has the house to himself for the next week and a half   ah, free use of the big tv   "
just made cookies!
"feels like he should be ashamed of himself, but isn't quite    does that make me a bad person?"
one and a half more days of the house to myself    a great <propfemale> is ending
is worried about the next few days   
just hiked to the top of mount olympus and can barely move!
is already looking forward to fall break 
"is currently suppressing his <propfemale> to destroy random objects    fire, smashing, e playful losion    it's all good right now "
"woke up a little before 4 o'clock and couldn't get back to sleep, so i played warcraft ii   w00t for super old games!"
fall break is so nice   
fall break was so nice    and i didn't do any of my homework   good thing i still have a week to finish most of it 
bought book 12 of the wheel of time this morning and has already read the first 106 pages!!! go egwene!
"just spent a while trying to find my keys    they were in my hand   i blame irregular solar activity for my odd behavior   after all, the sun is on an 11-year cycle, and i distinctly remember doing something odd exactly 11 years ago   "
just spent several hours repeatedly hauling a very heavy dummy up and down 15 feet    scared some kids doing it though   great halloween!
"just took a math test    if that impossible question hadn't been worth 30%, i might have done well   "
has destroyed his sleeping pattern and is still tired from staring at the computer too long on saturday 
"did bad on the test, but so did everyone else, so with the curve, i got an a-!  w00t for the curve!"
"just got back from an awesome party with lots of friends from the mission   good times   and i wore my \pi\"" shirt! w00t!"""
"has a math project, math test, and math assignment all coming up tomorrow    and guess how many of those i've studied for completed?  that's right, none!  i'm going to have a long night "
"just realized how often he has to answer \no\"" when people ask if i've heard a song or seen a movie   i need to get out more    and let people see my awesome rubik's cube solving skills """
"is super excited to meet his new niece!  i don't know when i will, but i'll be excited when i do!"
happy first advent everybody!
e playful erienced today for the first time the utter embarassment of having forgotten to put my phone on silent and having my whole class look at me 
should be studying    but i have a big pile of dvds that i'd rather watch 
"can anyone give me a ride up to <propfirst> on the 22nd?  or super early (by 6 smile 0) on the 23rd?  and is anybody going from <propfirst> to slc later that evening?  i like <propfirst>, but i'd hate to get stranded there for christmas "
"just finished his final final!  now i can concentrate on video games again, where my attention truly belongs!"
just had an epiphany!
"my sister lent me a puzzle she has - the picture changes depending on the <propfemale> you view it at    i'm thinking it would be a good new years <propfemale> activity for anyone willing to admit to being a huge nerd   anyone wanna help, or do i have to eat all this food myself?"
"just got home from a nye party, and it's 5:20 am   now can i get up at 9 smile 0?"
woke up at 2 am today    next time i wake up that early i'm going to pummel myself into unconsciousness and sleep until a decent time 
did nothing productive with his long weekend and wishes it was longer 
"went to the <propmale> high to help with math there, and someone came up to me and asked me if i was one of the kids' dad    do i really look like i could have a 12-year-old child???"
is very angry at his left shoe today 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and past this as your status   then put the first entry for your name under comments smile "
my horrific day ended up being not so bad by the end 
"happy s a d  everyone!  singles' awareness day!  or does my calculator count as a \significant other\""?"""
actually spent part of his 3-day weekend cleaning is room   now there's space again!
hypothesis: the world and everyone on it exists to confuse me  e playful eriment: examine every moment of my own life  conclusion: hypothesis was correct 
"if there's an assignment, and no student is screaming in frustration, is it due?"
finally got his money for teaching the little children math!  e playful erience teaching + doing math + getting money = an awesome time!
how am i doing?  just shiny   hmm    who's been watching firefly recently?  laugh 
1 h0p3 7h@t 3y3 p455ed |\\ \\y m@7h t3s7   i+ w@5 har|> 
"how are everyone's preparations going?  tomorrow is the big day, 3 14!  pi day!  i hear there's going to be a big parade in new york for it   the <propfemale>'s pi day parade   i knew i should have submitted my float to the committee   "
happy pi day everyone!
went to an awesome thai restauraunt for lunch and it was amazingly good  laugh 
is enjoying his spring break and has actually been somewhat productive and not totally lazy 
is enjoying the combination of a faster internet connection and a week off of school   maybe a little too much 
so many schmetterlings    why must there be so many?
had a terrific weekend!  a great ending to a fun week of spring break 
just got really excited when he saw the thermometer because the temperature inside was exactly 1 5 x the outside temperature    i'm a nerd for noticing and an über-nerd for being so happy about it 
"enjoyed my friday, but all the school work i've been putting off is going to catch up with me on saturday and sunday "
would really like to not spend 13 hours at school anymore 
is a heartless jerk who needs some sense beaten into him    any volunteers?  just don't break my glasses 
"der pudel des todes!  there are few cartoons funnier than nicht lustig, odd as they sometimes are "
"had a great time at the concert, but he has to wonder why there was so much traffic so late at night   especially in provo "
is the week over yet?
"is not looking forward to next week and the accompanying tests, homework, and inevitable stress   anybody want to pretend to be me for a week?"
"feels simultaneously like he has a lot and absolutely nothing to do   how does that happen?  and how do i deal with it?  maybe i'll do some math   that always calms me   or i can solve my rubik's cube a couple dozen times   or i could get a normal life     pft, yeah, right "
anybody else have a craving to watch hogan's heroes and eat popcorn with an unhealthy amount of butter on it?
"classes themselves are over, i just have a few small projects and two finals and then i'm done   so close!!!"
"took yesterday off since i didn't have class   and then just before i went to bed, i counted up all the stuff that i had to do today    and almost cried when i realized how much it was   procrastinating is only fun until 12 hours before everything is due at once "
really hates church at 1 surprise 0   9 surprise 0 is so much better!
wants tomorrow to be banished from existence as well as all things that would happen tomorrow   i don't want them to get moved to a later time- just vanishing completely would be fine 
's evil plans are now bearing fruit    mwahahahaha!!!
"i was going to join your group, but then i realized the glaring spelling error of a common word in the name of the group and decided i didn't want to affiliate myself with that kind of thing   sorry "
"wonders how many of his friends would show up if he announced a party where all we were going to do was play chess, since i have about a dozen chess boards   knowing the type of friends i have, probably a surprisingly large number of them   i have awesomely nerdy geeky friends   laugh "
"squeezed\a pint of blood out of my arm in 4 smile 4  i wonder what the record is for\a blood donation  in 8 weeks i'll see if i can beat my personal best "
"just got a check in the mail!  i was supposed to get it a month ago, and there were supposed to be two others with it, but at least i finally got the one "
passed his math final    somehow 
has way too much junk food left over from his party 
"was at least semi-productive for two weeks   now what?  seriously, any ideas for what i should do with my summer?"
"don't you hate that feeling when you're not hungry enough to eat, but you can't stand the thought of not eating something anyway?  grr    digest faster!"
a particular maroon 5 song comes to mind and rather succinctly sums up my mental state at the moment 
"hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia - the fear of long\words"
yay! thunder and lightning!  i've missed you so much 
just went on a bike ride that was long enough that it felt weird to walk when i got off my bike   odd feeling 
less than 140 days to the release of book 13!  the towers of midnight is gonna be so awesome!
what does it say about me if i set up an elaborate system for counting certain words in the subtitles of movies and then try to keep a real-time breakdown of the prime factorization of the sum of the words counted?  those who don't know me well might think this is just some weird post    those who know me better know that i actually would do this 
spent 5 hours at the hospital    but my sister was there for a lot longer - but more members of my family are coming out of the hospital than went into it  laugh 
"i might be sunburned, but at least that's proof that i do leave my dark comfy basement and go outside   occasionally "
my headphones broke    again   anyone have a good recommendation for where has them decently priced and what brand to get?  i mostly use them when i ride my bike 
only 128 days left to wot 13!  that's 10000000 days in binary!
enjoyed watching a humming bird get chased off by a <propfirst> this morning on <propfemale> square 
"the time on the clock is 8:58   the prime factorization of 858 is 2*3*11*13   that's the first two single digit prime <propfirst> and the first two double digit prime <propfirst>     why did i just figure all that out?  if you can give me an interesting and believable answer to that question, you earn a ph d  in psychology "
i finally cleaned my laptop screen   i can see again!  no more giant smudges obscuring my game 
"just got back from an awesome camping trip up in <propfirst>   the only problem was, my life revolves entirely too much around facebook, so spending 2 days away from here and i suddenly feel like i'm behind on what all my friends are up to   "
"rode approximately 40 <propmale> this morning   not nearly as good as my brothers can do, but still, i feel good for having done it "
"\and now we stand upon the precipice - we are come to it at last: the crossroads of our destiny \"" - anonymous"""
"i realize it's a holiday weekend, but is there seriously a call for that much traffic at 12 smile 0 in the morning?"
my afternoon nap turned into 12 hours of sleep 
is having one of those weeks where i have so many little things to do that i'm starting to get paranoid that i'll forget something 
some people plan their day around tv schedules   i plan my day around when the time on the clock is divisible by 9 
how nerdy do i have to be to have a dream about missing a lunar eclipse and considering it a nightmare?
bones - \when the butterfly emerges," does the caterpillar cease to exist?\""\"228184fc45682c984cd35e7093ef86dc,all hail the mighty titanium spork - the ultimate weapon which will allow me to become ruler of the galaxy   feel the power    
"rode a jet ski for the first time today    wow!  i normally enjoy being sheltered since normal people scare me, but this one i'm sad about only just now discovering "
just saw an amazingly beautiful sunset as i came out of big cottonwood canyon   i suppose going outside sometimes has its benefits 
i repress deep inner feelings of hatred for my friend <propfirst> 
"well, the second week of school has started   at least i'm not behind on my homework (yet) "
"\i reject your reality and substitute my own!\"""""
"i know i'm a nerd, because when i saw that i had exactly 256 friends my first thought was \16^2!\""  and my next thought was \""i want to post that math fact on my facebook status!\""  (note: 256 also equals 2^8 or 2^(2^3)  )    laugh   laugh   laugh """
how nerdy is my family?  my dad and brother-in-law are currently discussing the pros and cons of different rocket configurations for the space program   and they're actually covering the engineering and logistical aspects of construction and implementation   i'm a little freaked out     but really impressed   smile 
"\i am not less perfect than lore\"""""
"went to sleep and my homework wasn't done   i dreamed about ways to solve differential equations as i slept   if it wasn't official before, it certainly is now: i'm a nerd!!!"
"(said in soft menacing voice) \it smells good   it smells like    destruction\"""""
"is supremely tired   as much as i loved disneyland and california adventure, i'm glad to be home   and i might skip one or two classes tomorrow and sleep instead   thanks for driving us all the way there and back <propfirst>!"
"well, i'm sick and throwing up, but at least i didn't get it until my vacation was over   and it gave me an excuse to come home from school early "
snow!!!!
"after driving around late at night i just want to say three things: 1  thank you to the guy at the gas station who bailed me out of a jam, which was due to the poor procedures of the stupid gas station, 2  i like snow, but driving in snow at night is rather annoying, and 3  the wasatch mountains cut an awesome profile at 1 am when it's overcast "
"w00t!  i got copy #926 of towers of midnight, the 13th installment of the wheel of time!  i got home at 4 am, but it was totally worth it "
\welcome to text-only counterstrike annoyed ,228184fc45682c984cd35e7093ef86dc,just counted to 512 in binary on his fingers   i should stop waking up so early when i have nothing else to do 
saw an amazingly awe-inspiring sunset   good thing i needed to go to the library   laugh 
happy first advent!
happy second advent!  everyone light two candles!
"so\ 2010 is almost over, so 'like' this status if i ever made you smile \this year  then set this as your status, you'll be surprised how many \people have smiled  smile "
"happy third advent everybody!  two more finals to go, and then i can enjoy the rest of my christmas break!"
"somehow, i managed to get 98% on my first final!  let's hope the next 2 go as well "
"how did i get a song stuck in my head that i haven't heard in almost 15 years?  i mean, <propfirst> and the giant peach??  where did that come from?"
"thanks to all my friends who came to my end-of-semester halo bash!  it was amazing, even though i was sucking it up most of the night    oh well   problem is, i only managed 4 hours of sleep after it "
"and i can finally light all four of my adventskerzen at once!  happy vierte advent, everybody!"
"happy winter solstice, and though you can't see it with all the clouds, enjoy the lunar eclipse tonight!"
"just watching mash and it took me a minute to figure out which word they said: commendation or condemnation   rather different meanings to those two words, but they sound pretty close, don't they?"
"the new rice cooker i got for christmas might just be the best thing ever   first, it's easier to use, and second it is a lot easier to clean  laugh "
"i wanted to go to sleep, but there was a dead spider on my blanket   if there was one bad thing about having my room in the basement, it's the spiders "
"have you ever noticed the spell-check on facebook?  it always says \facebook\"" is misspelled   you'd think they would have added that one   wink """
