c1448d7f55a7811c5a986fbde4d33fc8
i'm going to oregon
write now i'm just surfing the web and relaxing  it's nice to have the time to do things that would normally take a couple of minutes and do them in a couple of hours; i'm savoring every minute of it!
i changed my pick because it didn't look very appropriate 
"well, there is a lot on my mind but i really don't think people want to hear allllll of my random thoughts "
"i went to fast track ( a preview orienation for my school) and it was so cool  i though i was going to be too shy to meet new friends but it seems as if it were impossible not to  there was little events here and there and they were kinda cool, especially with the leader we got, she was kinda quirky ( in a good way)  well, hope you guys are having as much fun with your school stuff !"
my sleeping pattern is like way off now  i sometimes forget what time of day it is because i'v been waking up at odd hours 
"who, if available, would be interested in seeing some khang comic books? if so, add some comments on how any of you would like to see khang as  what would you image khang doing in a comic book? what would you not want to see him doind in a comic book  any opinions are welcome  we need some brain storming "
i hate it when you draw stuff and later you think it's the most horrible thing in the world
why am i sleepy in the daytime and not at night no matter how hard i try to get tired in the day time so i can sleep?
i'm swimming in my kiddie pool with my dog  it's fun!
going to oregon tommorrow! i am so excited! the only thing is i am going to miss my dog soooooooooooo muuch!!!!
going to oregon tomorrow! i am so excited! the only thing is i am going to miss my dog soooooooooooo muuch!!!! he knows i'm leaving
came back from orgeon ! it was awesome! although it would have been better if my aunt didnt go because she can be such a pain  she's a nagger but what can you do
is anybody else getting head aches because of lack of sleep? i am so getting head aches! you'd think that would make me sleep earlier  not!
"people are too distracted with life's troubles that they stop seeing the\ good things that happen  i feel that as people we have become too \focused on life's faults jsut the way we are too focused on our own \faults  get over it people , if you aren't perfect what makes you think \that others will be, that the world will be?"
"\you are the opposite of what you pretend to be\""- me"""
i declare august 11th to be national beat khang to a bloody pulp day! who ever acknowlodges this holiday please leave a like 
"the more likes, the more khang shall suffer! sufferr!!!"
 wink 
first day of school august 26th! so cool yet nerve racking
i'm watching a fighting movie and i am kinda interested but not really  it's alright though
i only like to watch fighting movies when i am with people who are really into them
oh yeah! the best news ever! my runaway turtle came back after months of being away! yesterday was like the happiest day of my summer  i missed her so much!
i just found out there's a concordia in portland oregon  i might go there for a semester  i have family over there so i can crash at their place right <propmale>? i am so siked for all the adventures!
i can't wait to use all my school supplies and clothes! it makes me feel like a little kid every time when i go back to school shopping  i still get excited everytime!  smile 
keep close friends close  many friends might come and go but if you take care of thosewho trully like you for who you are you are never going to be without a friend  alot of people claim to have alot of friends when in fact they can be the lonliest of people  being surrounded by alot of people is not the same as having a lot of friend 
"most of the people we call our friends are only there when they need you, when they don't have anybody else to be with, when they are bored, etc  real friends are not only there when they need you but when you need them, when you are alone, when you don't have anybody to be with "
"today i find out the results for whether i got into concordia choir, women's ensemble, or worship team  i really would like to get concordia choir because besides the learning e playful erience it would lend me they go to hawaii in the spring on tour  wish me luck!"
i got in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sometimes i get so nervous that i forget how to talk  i don't get it  it happens sometimes but not all the time
"but once i get to know someone and they are willing to be my true friend i am here for them for anyhing  i hate \friends\"" who just use you and don't bother to <propfemale> out or anything """
<propmale>  i am going to force feed you estrogen pills  force feed!!!
wait  nevermind bryan just make sure to eat food treated with the pesticide atrazine 
muahahahahah!
i hate the fact that english is so inconsitent  fall the rules they say but they spell as if they intentionally don't want you to remember the words
it's funny how we underestimate ourselves in everything and how when we do things right we surprise ourselves
at school doing hw in the library  funny how college libraries are actually quite except for my loud typing 
"i got so lost today  all day everything was going peachy unitl the last class of the day  for some reason i suddenly thought it was thursday  so, i was waiting to go to my thursday class that started at 3 smile 0pm but when i got there( by the way, out of breath cause i couldn't find it) there was nobody there except theses two girls  so, i asked them to help me with m schedule "
"they pointed out that it was tuesday today and suddenly the light went off  i thanked them and went running to my chem lab that had started at 2pm! and to top it all off we had two tests that day  i finished on time  thank god, you are good to me  i thought i was going to get in so much trouble but she just laughed at me  she probabl thought \ what a spacey person \"" i agree  i am *mentally slaps herself*"""
it;s nice being so ahead on my hw  the gaps between classes help me out alot
i am so sleepy! haven't been able to sleep in days and today i had a morning class at & 7ish  i'm at school to long  i want to go to sleep so badly!
"it's funny what guys and girls say about a girl cutting her hair  a girls says \ it looks so cutee!!!\"" but a guy says \"" what the @#$%!!!!!\"""""
"i was just remembering a time i went to church with this super short hair wig  everybody got all spooked  they thought i cu my hair  they all had these \ what did you do?!\"" shoked faces  it was so much fun!"""
i hate restless nights  can't sleep  don't know why  so many thoughts going throught your mind  and the worse part is i'm not conscious of those thoughts 
"just because you believe in something doesn't shut you off to the rest of the world  you are still free to make up your own mind about things, adding or taking away from what you believed was true along the way  people who think that you are closed minded are closed minded themeselves because rthey believeyou will never change  change is inevitable, whether you change lsightly or dramtically is another question"
it really pisses me off when people are so hard headed that they aren't open themselves to seeing what you see but they want you to believe what they see  i believe in alot of things others don't believe them yet i still enjoy hearing what others believe  i think it is very interesting to see what others believe just for the sake of knowing my surroundings 
i never knew how muchi hated excel until i started using it now 
bio and chem are ok  it's just all piles up
i finally got everything  from now on i'll never forget how to use excel 
research paper due monday    *'(
 wink 
me and my doggy will be taking a nap now  goodnight  oh yeah and i am finally going to start doing some physical activity 
that is    after i sleep
lovin' concordia!
going to go runnin' for the first time  just waiting for my ipod to charge  i need to get myself healthy  wink   wish me luck!
i'm back  two hours runnin jogging and i am beat! my feet are so heavy! going to keep on doing this from now on  i feel tired but great 
i'm so happy today  don't know why but i just am 
is there anybody who knows how to make a historgram out of only having hte standard deviation and mean? i am so lost  never done this before
nevermind  i understand now
i tried running faster to day    guess how that worked out  sad 
weak weak weak! *beats herself on the head*
i hate having a mental block 
i ate some lasagna and i am sleepy now  i so feel like <propmale>
why do i have to be so darn discreet? sometimes i am so disreet people don't get what i am trying to hint at  * deep sigh *
i am kinda sad right now 
missing hat  blue beret
went to look for hat  didn't find it  8(
might get a car    it in god's hands now  i wonder what kind of driver i will be    * swerves off road*
i just found out yesterday that <propfirst> beiber is 16yrs old! no freakin way!!!!
going to sleep now  i'm surprised i'm still awake seeing as i only got two hours of sleep last night 
just came back from taking biology test    hopefully i did well 8(  i would gladly accept a barely passing grade 
i am calm once more     i am going to clean my room!! so excited    not!
research papers are no fun   
'm so sleepy    
feeling sick    
my fingers are stiff from playing the guitar after not having played it for a couple of years 
in chem class and i am so freakin bored  i've decided to just read the book and not listen anymore  the book makes more sense  i am so weird     i know 
i am a bookworm  books make more sense to me than people do 
i am going to take a 10 minute nap 
i'm going to extend my nap unitil 8 smile 0
my nap has been extended some more   
nap is officiallly over 8(
the real you  -- mi resultado: the lover  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 279009 referrals status?aid=100001231189492
¿como es tu mirada? -- mi resultado: tierna  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 137220 referrals status?aid=100001231189492
¿qué tipo de niña eres en realidad? -- mi resultado: niña bien  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 310753 referrals status?aid=100001231189492
i am writing a paper on liberal arts    whatever that is 
i have so muh energy right now! i do not know why  i wish i was at concordia right now so i could go walking french hill and wakeup to the sunrise 
still kickin'  wink 
i almost didn't go to church today cause i was so sleepy but then i felt like i had to go  it was worth it  now i can sleep 
what color gummy bear are you? -- mi resultado: yellow  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 703508 referrals status?aid=100001231189492
i am almost done with my paper!!!!!
i finished the stupid paper!
od bless all of you !
god bless all of you!
900 words to go
800 words left
700 words left
500 words left
400 words left
300 words left
200 words left
latley i have been getting alot of energy bursts at night  it's the music  i just get so hyped and happy  smile   everything has been going well and i am so happy and thank god for my life everyday  even if it may seem like a crappy day it is always better than i deserve 
why doesn't my body make a choice already and get sick! i am in and out of a cold  i'd just rather be in it then out 
i went to sleep with two very tightly worn pig tails and woke up with a shaggy mess of hair with only one hair band  how does that happen?
going to have some one on one turtle and doggy time  i have neglected them because of school  might go walking to random places    maybe later might go to la or something or the pier  i needed this relaxing vacation 
i did something devious right now and can't keep from laughing cause i can't say anything about it but i will eventually  *lol x infinity *
"i just finished watching \ 50 first dates\"" and i am literally crying  having a girl moment """
8(
going to the moves with the family   wink   maybe going mini shopping  wink 
had some delicious tofu! yummm 
going out with my family! finally getting some bonding going on 
i am builing my portfolio  i need to have something to show the <propmale> teacher before i enroll in <propmale> classes for next semester  wish me luck! i love <propmale>!
"tried falling asleep early but as i said before, i am a night owl  i am most awake at night, very rarely during the day  listening to music and rocking out!  smile "
had a gret time at church with my family today  i missed going with them  service made me laugh today cause the pastor gave a funny anecdote  so he's talking about fear and how when he barely came to the u s  and the first time he got on a plane  he said that he was all scared on this plane ride and he saw this guy smoking a cig 
"so , his internal monologue was \ if this person who doesn't have god isn't afraid then why should i be?!\""  my internal monologue when i heard this was like \"" that's so true *not so silent giggle*\"" then he was all like \"" if i died i am was close to heaven anyways!\"" then i laughed not so silently again  smile  """
"but then my morbid mind was like no, you would probably crash into the deep ocean and end up nowhere near the sky  man my head overthinks situations sometimes but nonetheless i thought today was a fun preach    i was just about to write peach!  smile  "
i cut my hair!
too much free time     
loving the rain! it make me so happy!!!!!!
i love this weather! it makes me smile for no apparent reason and i just have been feeling great all week! thankyou god for making this week so special with things that are so simple 
"i got ditched today for a couple of babies! babies!!! like wah   boohoo, diaper babies!"
"dad: i hate my job\son: i hate school"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=8khh9w_xsbc&videos=zhcb5remequ&feature=bf
*( 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zctdxibu97u
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=c-wvpq0zg8q
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=yajikdlyrq8
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=md42ogquadi
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=o5b laugh pmseni
"i don't believe in goodbyes, i'd rather say see you later"
there is nothing good about saying bye
give praise to the lord in times of hardship   smile  he's always there for us even though sometimes we think he isn't 
been studying for my bio test on monday  wish me luck!
such  a gorgeous night like this makes me so happy and hyper!!!!! i wish i could walk all night !!!!
"eating a chile \serrano\""  ummmm  goood """
i just crashed big time! i am going to sleep 
i am thankful i am home  i thank god for all the difficulties that occure because they only make me stronger 
"it's funny how it makes me cry to see an eagle soar, too see it's wings spread out, to see it effortlessly floating along with the wind, like a falling leaf suspended in midair  \\the gree of the grass radiating life unto the world, unto me "
"it amazes me me so to think that even though there are billions upon billions of people in the world , there are stil places like this that make me feel, that make others feel like they are the only people on earth "
"having barely taken a shower i feel renewed and being up here makes me feel so much at peace  i could literally be up here for hours, siting, contemplating, without a word uttered; the silence speaks more than i ever can "
"sometimes i wonder if i'm crazy because i don't talk very much, and when i do i feel like my way of thinking just doesn't mesh with the rest of the minds out there  well, if i had people , in particular a person, who understands me i wouldn't mind being understood by anybody in the world  i'd much rather be sitting with someone and enjoying everyminute of our moment together, speaking to them through mutual thought "
"i went to a pumpkin patch and to a petting zoo today! i had so much fun! i was playing with a little black pig, a turkey, some chickens, and some goats  and i got to choose a pumpkin  smile  "
<propfemale>  i you are online  i can helpt today  i am staying up later than i though  smile 
"singing\friday i'm in love\""    all you choir people know what i'm talking about  wink  """
had one of the most embarrassing moments of my life just a few minutes ago!
goodnight facebook  wink  
goodnight facebook
"going to take a nap  feel free to message me , i'll message you back in a bit  wink "
i seriously need to clean my room    wonder when that'll happen  smile  
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=1w7ogimmrc4&list=ql&playnext=2
went to go see frog and toad and it was awesome!
time to look like a girl again  what a drag  smile 
"if i had a button to like ______ on facebook, i would so push it -  love "
i love baggy jerseys! they make the perfect pigama!
i hate myself when i get all annoying and whiny  i want to go to sleep but i have to clean but i don't want to 8(
i'm just going to put on some music and dance while i clean  wink  
sleeping now 
 smile 
going to take a nap  i'll be back at 7:45 or 8ish  smile 
i am going to take a nap but this time i shall wake up!
por ti estoy dispuesta a esperar con el fin de saber que <propfemale> <propfemale> sere feliz  love 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=8ijw2ld4jhk&feature=bf&list=tlbh-srcw7uce&index laugh 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=-zrjgusoxkq
"because of you i am on facebook all night, waiting for your to show up on that chat box in the corner"
posting random quotes that you like at the moment but don't like it when people think it's about them  could be or could not
listening to music and chilling  good times  smile 
"now i am off to get freshened up and draw, paint, write,     anything artsy "
why do videos take so long to upload?
writing songs always makes me so happy  i hope one day i can make people happy with my <propmale> and music 
"finished watching \ the hulk \"" with my daddy !  smile  """
i wish my body would work like it's supposed to and go to sleep already 
music music  oh how i love thee  love 
"i had a good day today  i am happy  i chilled  i watched movies with my family  watched the hulk with my dad  i wrote some songs  i spent time with my dog  got a nice haircut  thank you god for such a wonderful day, for letting me enjoy everything i do, for making me happy  smile "
i'm going to bed now yall
went to church and it was truly a blessing  you get to reflect on what you still need to fix in your life and during the week you get to act upon those changes 
i'll be back like around 8ish  
i'm going to be right back  just need to freshen up a bit
going to read and then i'll study 
i am going to sleep for reals and waking up to study in the morning  ahahah i knew this was going to happen  10 more minutes and i'm outy
it's funny how when you are a little kid parents make a big fuss about picking you up on time but now that we are older they don't seem to be as worried 8(
the one day i actually want to sleep early i have to stay up until midnight for registration 
<<<- i call this in between holiday thankmas!
when you ask a question what do you e playful ect to get? you'd think an answre but some people just don't get a clue  >8(
well  logging off  i'll b back laters maybe
i have to stay on facebook for actual school related business  who would've thought? now for my nap  i shall wake up in an hour  i have to
signed up for classes  didn't get the <propmale> classes i needed but i guess next year or i have to talk to my academic advisor  but i do have a very free thursday which makes me so happy!
i loved the <propmale> potter movie today at mignight!
it's nice to be at home on a rainy day  smile 
today was almost perfect 8l 
"day 2 babysiiting update:  baby threw up\                                      i don't feel like cleaning it * but i guess i have to *"
enjoying a nice day by the fireplace  mmmmm nice and warm  wink 
i had the best thanksgiving ever! but now am starting hw  smile 
have had a very nice thanksgiving  i have gotten to spend more time with my mom and dad and my doggy  smile   this makes me very happy 
woke up late for class again  i feel so guilty! it's not an excuse but i trully did feel miserable  i seriously need to get into the habit of not trusting my alarm clock to do everything for me  internal clock start working!      i command you!!!
public apology to all of concordia choir: sorry i've been absent 8l i feel miserable for having missed two days in a row 8(
=^^=
the concordia christmas concert was beautiful    love 
still doing hw  and my dog is freaking  out over the thunder
 smile  & 8(
tu me manque
am currently letting my heart do what it does best
going to take a nap and hopefully i can go to watch the honor's recital
time to study now for reals  smile 
"\   thou hypocrite   \"""""
"\ye hypocrites\"""""
hates when i'm playing a game and someone makes you lose 
"type your name: <propfemale> calderon\with yourelbows:fa n nyh ca ,deerl n\with your nose: rqnny7b vfqolpde34oh\eyes closed: <propfemale> valderon\set as your status and don't erase mistakes:"
cleaning my room because i want to feels nice  smile 
continuing operation clean my room     when will it end!!!!!
"wish me luck you guys! i am entering a greeting card contest that can possibly give me $10,000 for school! and $1,000 for concordia! i am so excited and ask for your prayers"
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well "
"i am sorry mom and dad if i am rude to you and act out  i know i would be hurt if i were in your place  \\everybody should learn to respect their parents and try to give them the love that they offer to us everyday  tell them you love them because you never know how long you'll have them "
"??*?° ?* ?°? *?* feliz *?* ?*? \?°_??_* ?*    ? \\ ?* año 2011 *?\?  (´• ?•)* ?* ? ?\\*? * ?_?_____  ? ?\ °(   •   ) ?°  • '? '•\\ ?*  ______ ~?* \   (   '•'   ) *???????° ??? ?????\   "
pray for with me please  i have something i haven't been able to achieve and the deadline is coming soon 
when it comes to you  i'm at a loss for words  you confuse me yet you make everything make sense at the same time 
watched the first season of sparticus and i got the worst scare of my life  i mean i don't mind the violence too much but the other scenes were just uneccessary  so gross and shouldn't be put out on the general display of movies  blah
i seriously have made up my mind to live on campus next year  i need to get connected with concordia more  i love my school  love 
just came back from kareoke with my uncle and his friends  i sang a couple of songs but half of them i screwed up big time! and one was in french! it caught me off guard and i was like woahhh    yep  i had tons of fun but i was reminded that i am still very immature because i felt so sleepy by 11 
five more minutes and i'm outy
now off to bed i go because i am dying!!!!
"ooh gosh  hahahahax)!!\well   valentines day is coming up, copy this to your status & see what you get; inbox only > annoyed <\gold- be my valentine \red-i used to like u \orange-be mine?( annoyed    yellow-i think your cute \green-i wanna get to know you \pink-i love you\black-i wanna kiss you"
"i took a \nap\"" in after dinner (6-7pmish) and woke up until 12  now i can't sleep """
happy <propfirst> day!!!!
"i know it is a little to late but i just wanted to say \ ilovevalentinesday!\"" sharing the love is so much fun!  love   love   love   love """
good night peeps hehe
"must finish essay    but i so want to not care    but i can\t"""
an all nighter + possible surprise bio test tomorrow  nice
college is the only place that you are aloud to sleep in the same room with complete strangers
please keep my grandma in your prayers  she hasn't been feeling all to well 
hate love the feeling of melting when i see a baby  it reminds me that i am a girl and that one day i have to have one of those     scary 0 0
why do girls like to post washed out pictures of themselves? just been noticing 
g'night
i hate being stuck in my room 
8(
feeling a little better  hopefully i can go back to school tomorrow  thank god for my quick healing body 
one    two    atttttackkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!! * runs like a maniac in random directions
hawaii on saturday!!!!! i am so happy and i am going to have fun in my grandma's honor  she always knew how to have fun the little ball of love
now off to finish my stupid essay  i tried to hard to avoid it but its still there  good night folks!
you can so tell i don't fly  i have no clue how to package my shampoo and stuff  what to do  what to do
8  ?
