f3dd04f00c50fe714d5d5256ce3a4e08
"we're re-arranging the whole house! furniture, rooms, everything   "
won his tennis match! second singles against <propmale> beamer high school 
is rapidly getting involved at highline community college 
"has two questions: does my dad still have cat alergies? and can <propfemale> keep an animal alive?    yes, we own a cat now "
is discovering what it feels like to have less than an hour of unscheduled time in a day 
indeed had a very happy birthday!!!
i just got back about five minutes ago from a two day tour of seven different colleges  now i need to decide where i'm going in fall 2011 before registration for fall 2010 classes ends so i can plan for it  i'm seriously considering the university of portland and washington state university 
i'm entering yet another social group  and i'm pretty shure that this one will have a positive effect on me 
just played tennis with his sisters 
"is very tired after an amazing concert last night  the battle hymn of the republic sounds awesome with 5 drummers, a brass section and 400 singers!"
is doing homework in a hammock on a sunday arternoon 
"homework    then rest, sweet rest   "
awesome day at the hcc tennis club!
yes! i finally have somone on the tennis club who can challenge me! <propfemale> and i tied today 6-4 and 4-6  i'm not to sure about the spelling of his name though 
just fixed our router  we haven't had internet for a day 
"god bless all the moms out there, especially mine!"
<propfirst> is home till monday!
"rail guns are frusterating to build  but playing with 440 uf at 300 volts is fun, it makes cool sparks "
" smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile \smileys are sooo inadequate!!!!! i am so happy right now!! praise god!!!"
the next 140 hours of my life are ~97% spoken for   
"survived the week  smile \ahh    here comes a long weekend "
"the last day of tennis club this quarter went like this: i tyed my shoes and played <propfemale>, the odd thing is that we tied, so we did a tiebreaker and i broke the tie by breaking ahead of <propfemale>  and now my tongue is tied!"
is done!!!  laugh  summer is here! i've got two weeks to determine what i'm doing for most of this summer  smile 
is in an intense battle with entropy  aka <propmale> is cleaning the basement   
havin a blast in california this week!
i'm back! two weeks of being with my family all across the nation with over 5000 <propmale> of travel has left me refreshed and ready to wind up my fall!
"one burning question: \who am i?\""\",f3dd04f00c50fe714d5d5256ce3a4e08,"after two weeks of craziness, i finally get a moment to relax  and hopefully get ahead on sleep, my to do list and my homework "
"i never dreamed that this would happen  as of 5 surprise 0 this afternoon, i am officially the best singles tennis player in decatur high schools league!!!  smile  the final match was tough!!"
looks like a six day weekend; hcc is closed tomorrow!
"i've been sick this weekend, which hasn't happened to me in over six months  it might have been because of my groggy state of mind, but for some reason i decided to write a note about it, at which point i noticed a couple of other amazing drafts from who knows how long ago that for some reason i hadn't published  you can check them out now if you're interested "
