d08062a4ba01dc645f83dfc1d39ef6a5
my heart hurtsss   annoyed \
"well, hello summer! how nice of you to grace us with your presence, right on time "
fml! worst day all summer 
"this past month finally caught up with me  sooo exausted! epic trip this weekend, then i'm taking it easy, ending my summer binge early "
"camping trip taaanked! determined get out of oregon for the weekend, so seattle it is "
i  hate  it  here 
"if you let me, you wont regret me  shiiit if you let me, you wont forget me "
this cheap motel bed killed my back  the closet was better than this  lol 
damn deeque haters 
poor little tink tink 
"finally on our way! such a short trip, but i already know it's gonna be worth it  about seven hours to go  [="
the further from here i go the better i feel 
"way to try and ruin my \weekend\"" ya fucks """
"mhmm, it's official  i live in a cube "
just went through the saddest south bridge ever built  lol  fml
cafffffine highhh
<propfemale> smash! && kady rage! comming soon to a town near you!!! their mindblowing stunts and martial arts skills will wet your panties and harden your cocks! be prepared to have the time of your life on potentially the last night of your life  ;;surgeon generals warning :  attending the <propfemale> smash and kady rage show may cause cancer and is not recomended for the elderly pregnant or unrad people;;
"shattered glass all over my room  i really couldn't care less  not even a lyno moment  just fucking raging  congrats bitch, you got under my skin  that's what you were after right? then i picked you out with a safety pin and let it bleed all over til i knew you were out  emo? fuck no  just hating oregon and wanting out  now  not even liking any part of this country right now  fuck right off  kthx  [="
really doing this  mhmm 
"so in the past 15 hours i've managed to: break my toe, fracture my wrist, smash glass all over my room, brake three frames, catch my room on fire, sleep in a <propfirst> in the box parking lot && pick up a gimpy dog to take home with me  story of my life "
"i'm doing this with or without anyones approval  so either support me or fuck right off, i couldn't really care less at this point  [="
11 days  thank god 
that morphine was a bad idea 
"i'm already over this weekend  i just realized how much i need to get done! ughhh  eleven days  so, so, so overwhelming  it's all worth it though  =p"
"i know you all too well  i said that we could kiss the past goodbye, but you weren't excited  there's no way to fight it  you can stay but baby here i go "
oregon? ugh  
i'm going to be productive  so much easier said than done today  hahh
"i'm trusting him with all i've got  i've never done anything like this before, so i hope it all just works out for the best  fingers crossed  here goes everything  "
fun fact destroyed  fuck right off herbal essences 
thunderstorm  ? =p
"dear oregon: even though you piss me off to the fullest, and i'm constantly talking down on you, about how much you suck   i'm going to miss you terribly "
"warning! if you are epileptic i suggest you do not come to deeque tonight  if you choose to do so anyways, know that there is a high <propmale> of serious seizing "
irritated  story of my life? nooope  oh well  amazing night regardless  mhmmmm    
fml 
irritated  kady rage needs a cigarette and a camo  i don't have eitherrr  ugh
i'm quitting drinking  i'm quiting freaking out  i'm quiting every friendship  i'm quiting my job  i'm quiting this house  i'm quiting being social  i'm quiting emotions  i'm quiting indecsiveness from insecurities  i'm quiting my entire life in oregon  the only thing i'm taking from here is my <propfemale> smash  love 
"i'm watching the dark <propfemale>, again  why do i do this to myself   everytime   lol  leaving this house tonight instead of the 31st  [= need my momma, and a clear head "
"i'm finally completely alone  cuddled up with my fuzzy blanket and still in my pajamas  lol  i've got my notebook, i've got a pen && a huge cup of water  turning my phone off now, i should've done this for myself atleast a week ago "
"i finally have a clear head, for the first time in weeks  i've missed this feeling  i'm happy to be alone right now, it's exactly what i needed  dear davie boo && my <propfemale> smash: thanks for supporting me through my breakdowns  i think they're finally over  you two are my everything  that's all i know and all the matters  oh, and roomie too  nighty night  ;p"
"dear tweaker bum who threw a burning bible at my new mormon friends: i'm gonna find out where you live, and set your box on fire! lmao  today has been extremely random and awesome so far  i'm looking forward to taking pictures at the playground and then off to work   wink "
"so, i was actually looking forward to work tonight  but now that i'm here, listening to all the rumors of shit being said about me, i remember why i never want to be here anymore  i have only three days left  can't you all just shut up about me til i'm gone? kthx"
note to self: pretzels are never a good idea 
i'm lacking something today  
 laugh 
"chain smoking with my sb, excited to <propfemale> out with my phb's tonight, && my jr on thursday  can't wait to live in the dub with my rfl && missing my nh like crazzzy "
"i'm entirely ready for this amazing day with my dub c boys, my mr  <propmale> && my <propfemale> smash, besides my hurr  dear hair dryer: fuck right off for dying  i'm sitting on the curb now hanging out with nothing but the blazing sun, waiting for my hair to dry so i can straighten it  damn youuu "
"today: <propfemale> smash's birthday! <propfemale> chip cake, <propmale> n cheese, white russians, <propfirst> boo's my date  ;p lmao amazing day mood: exciteddd  wish my navy hubby could be here though, then everything would be perfect "
alone   bored   that's all 
poor little tink tink 
nap time  ?  wink 
"by far, the most unmotivated day of my life  atleast i have <propfirst> boo to be unproductive with me, makes me feel a lot better about life to not be this ungodly lazy by myself  lmao "
dear applegate bonfires: you can fuck right off  lmao 
"me and jesse: still in bed, watching toy story two for the third time  recovering from applegate war zones and suicidal thoughts from the most unmotivating situations  story of our weekend  lmao"
byeee oregon   love 
        headache from hell
transition; change or passage from one state or stage to another 
      headaches back  fml 
hiii virginia! love 
"the three best things about virginia annoyed #1  the cops wear cackies and polos \#2  golf carts are street legal \#3  the cops wearing cackies and polos drive around in golf carts!\lmao  i love this state "
dear <propfemale> airlines: you can fuck right off 
  disconnected 
   borrred 
"   disapointed, i guess  story of my life "
"run far away so i can breathe\even though your far from suffocating me\i can't set my hopes too high \cause every hello ends with a goodbye"
   sick  that's all
"flashbacks in my sleep  keeping up for the night, third night in a row  hmm  "
ahhh   finally rested  ;p
  i should've thought this through 
 laugh !
   i should be sleeping 
"for being so \independent\"" i'm pretty damn relient on others """
it's pastie day! lmao  where's a dutch bros when you need one  ?!
finally completely grounded again  entirely at peace with everything at the moment   love 
"everything fell apart so fast  i wish i had a <propmale> to catch my breath, but i don't think i'm going to  so much to do  byeee pride! see you later  "
excited!   to see my family   love 
"leaving is hard, staying would be harder "
"the adventure was short lived, but well worth the lesson  everything is going to be okay and work out for the best someday   love "
what to do today   hmm   love 
"stupid, dumb && hyphy   love "
damn oregon haters   annoyed 
hmm    love 
tgif  ;p
wants to go on an adventure today   laugh  it's been awhile  
i hate when the plans i'm actually looking forward to fall through  damnitt! haha    love   love   love 
dear dutch bros: i've missed you   love 
recent links on my mobile history: google com  myspace com  facebook com  mobileboner com  ? hahaha  thanks guys 
atychiphobia - fear of failure 
"i should be sleeping, but no <propmale> of that anytime soon  up in five hours  coffee binge in the morning! story of my life  "
watching word world with ayden baby   love  i believe i'm much more entertained by all of this than he is  lmao  for serious  
another early morning tomorrow  hopefully i'll actually be able to get some sleep tonight  
 love  techno!  love 
yuuuup  another night of no sleep  text me!  love 
fml! done   seriously  
attempt to sleep#4 
i  give  up 
caffine high!
ouch   harsh  i am a jerk 
"the days are so long, now that summer's moving on  i'm just reaching for something that's already gone "
"i'm trying to figure out which is worse: being unemployed, or working at a gas station    working at a gas station is definately worse  gahhh, fml "
"once again, at the playground  i always end up here! lmao   love "
"this week has been so dull, i need some excitement "
i should not be awake right now  
"wonderful nap!  laugh  i'm entirely rested  now, i just have to figure out how i plan on falling back to sleep early enough to wake up at five again tomorrow   hmm"
nap time 
"awesome  i get to work alone, with a creeper pervert  cheers! if he calls me kady sexy <propfemale>   one  more  time  ima headbutt him "
"ayden jager is by far, the best cuddler    everrr "
in grants pass until tuesday for work  20hrs  overtime this week! fuckin a   laugh  a day off would be nice though  
"i just love how i blew off any <propmale> of plans for the night because i was supposed to work at 7 tomorrow  just got a call, i'm not working until 2  friday night ruined for nothing, thank you "
"calm down kady, the night is saved  smile "
"fitted hats, white tees, nikes && homesexual tea parties and rodeos? oh my "
"dear restricted numbers: can you quit calling me, please? your killing my battery and i have an eight hour shift to work where i'm going to need my phone charged  thank you "
shell is the hangout spot on saturday nights    really?! oh dull grants pass  epic  fail 
"tomorrow is my third day working in grants pass, eighth day straight  here til tuesday, then central point the rest of the week until friday, then back in grants pass, then back to central point for the rest of that following week  no days off in between any of that, btw  fml  ? haha"
"massive head cold, work in an hour  grrreat"
thank you dayquil   love  you've saved my day once again  laugh 
i'm on my sixth monster and counting   laugh  i've got 7 left to go
success!   i feel terrible  lmao  love 
"dayquil!  love  district manager at work today, oh joy "
"off work, wirrred  too many rockstar recoverys! text me?  smile "
"i'm comming down! too many energy drinks, lmao  store run  i have to get my fix for the niight "
dear life: i love you   love 
is it sad that i'm stoked i got called in today?  laugh  lol
"sleep deprived and over worked  dear nodoz: please save my day, yet again "
"sooo, it's decided  i'm moving to grants pass "
"most embarassing moment of my week? i just ate shit, hard  in front of like ten people  ughh, damn soap on the concrete! lmao "
"going to a bonfire with a bunch of rednecks, then work at six am  fun? ughhh  i love having to be the tag along with my cousin  i'll be the only sober one  story of my life lately  "
medford bound tomorrow til thursday  love 
seriously starting to love my job  
eight days until <propfemale> babyy is home! so esssited   love  i miss her facce
by myself at work for two hours? kinda scary  ): anyone wanna come keep me company?  smile  text me  love 
"grants pass bound   laugh  although portland would be nice, i'll settle for work in gp all weekend  thank god i love my job   love "
"club shell is back in action! lmao yuuup, it's about that time  hahahaha these grants pass kids make working the weekends so much better   smile "
"dear caffine high: please wear off soon, <propfemale>? i need to get some sleep tonight  kthx"
my six hour shift just became a 14 hour shift split up between two different stores  fml  ?  smile 
caffine high!
"once again, too many energy drinks for such a short time span  i'm cutting myself off for the night =o"
<propmale> needs to go to shadow rehab  seriously  
"movie night   love  up at six again tomorrow  early mornings have been a lot better, reguardless of the rainy weather   smile "
"i love my life so much, reguardless of what it's \lacking\"" i crave nothing more   smile """
"so, as much fun as it is to work in this town i've decided that i hate it  so bored of movies and the shadow game  i'm torn between sleep and the suicide "
"i had my first stalker today! waited seven hours for me to get off work, how sweet  lmao"
so much just happened   still kinda in shock i guess  ? i was at work sooo it's all i litlle over whelming  
so much just happened   still kinda in shock i guess  ? i was at work sooo it's a little overwhelming  
"i've got the day off, in grants pass  what to dooo! movie time? lol"
"errrywhere i go they be like \there she izz\"" throw up your ts if your down with thizz  ;p"""
"terribly ill, and what awful timing  i'll be spending my night  in a hospital bed rather than my hotel suite  fml"
"finally out of the e r, thank god  it's been a long day  i should be in ashland right now, not bed ridden "
"done, done, done  i don't care how i feel anymore i need to get outt of this house! i'm going insane "
"what am i doing on a friday night? at home, watching toy story 3 with my mom, getting pretty teary eyed  gahhh, my weekends are so uneventful  haha   love "
gooo ducks!  love 
"yuuup, the ducks are killing it, as e playful ected  laugh "
needs a fresh start 
i miss grants pass  ):
what is everyone up too tonight? text meee   love 
"i miss my friends, a lot  i just realized i'm barely close to anyone anymore, it's discouraging "
"phones broken, without one until monday "
is quiting smoking!
new phone   laugh  still no smoking! [day 4]
"i've been so indecisive these past few months, and it's really starting to affect people i care about  time to clear my head and get my priorities straight  mhmm   love "
"i did nothing wrong, and yet now i feel like the jerk  hmmph   annoyed \"
church was good   love  now spending time with the bestiesss  smile 
"watching the news, actually conversating about it  this is a very rare occasion  hahha   love "
seriously irritated  anyone wanna try and cheer me up  ?  love 
such a rainy day  hot cocoa and movie time  ? i think so   love 
getting ready for work  anyone wanna record the game for me? pleassse?!
"dear cigarettes: can you please stop being so addictive? i've been trying so hard to quit, for reals this time and it's just not working out  eight days is the furthest i've gotten "
"37-20?!?! duck are going to the nationals!!! ooooooooooooo \ laugh !"
"so, appearently i've been bringing in a lot more buisness to this station  i just had a sit down about it and have atleast thirty people that come in a week just for my buisness  time for a raise ayy? i think so  hahaha   love "
"detached                                                           1  separated; disconnected                                   2  standing apart from others; separate                 3  marked by an absence of emotional involvement and an aloof, impersonal objectivity "
"closing, by myself, on my birthday  fml? haha   love "
"people spend a lifetime searching for happiness; looking for peace  they <propmale> idle dreams, addictions, religions, even other people, hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them  the irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within "
"i just found this awesome orange reflector vest at work  i'm officially sporting it, forever "
i'm pretty sure my internal organs hate me right now 
"this awesome orange reflector vest is a total creeper magnet  i've gotten seven phone <propfirst>, and been asked for my number nine times  it's just so badass though, i can't take it off  (;"
"is not sleeping, anytime soon "
i'm pretty sure my apendix is getting ready to give out  ouchh   sad 
is there anyone else awake right now  ? because i feel pretty close to the only one 
"dead  i'm working on two hours of sleep right now, idk if i've ever been so tired in my liffe  nine hours until i can sleeeeep  i  can't  wait "
i'm pretty sure i'm shutting down for awhile  i can't handle anything right now 
sleeping for eighteen hours a day is somehow exhausting  
i just put in my two week notice  sucess! i hate this place 
lunar eclipse   love 
"baking brownies with my loves   smile  movie night, and then bed time   again  haha hopefully tomorrow is a better day   love "
effff this  i'm going back to sleep 
"misery loves company  i hope your happy, i'm right there with you now  at work wearing my soaking wet, hello <propfemale> slippers  dear phnomonia: please kill me? kthx  p s: if i mis-spelt phnomonia, i'd rather not be corrected "
"they say honesty is the best policy, i'm not too sure i agree with that anymore "
"hahaha oh my, i love my neighbors   love "
"i've been so stressed lately  i'm feeling very confident about today, but i can only say so much to fix this, and then the rest is in god's hands from there  keeping my faith strong and my prayers with him   love "
god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change; courage to change the things i can; and wisdom to know the difference 
"being strong is very hard during an emotional breakdown, but someone has to do it  && on the bright side; i actually stood up today, fifteen whole minutes  oh my, what an accomplishment haha"
t-shirt tiiime!
"goodmorning world! yes, i just woke upp  thirty hours  feeling pretty rested   love "
gooo ducks!  love 
"i have just been notified that i have no heart  the heart; life maintaining organ which pumps and circulates the oxygenated blood through out our body  hahaha silly boys, where is your common sense? without a heart, i'd be dead already  now, come up with an insulting statement that's accurate and you might actually get some sympathy for my unthoughtful ways, i wouldn't rely on it though "
"once again, t-shirt tiiime!  love "
"had a wonderful weekend with some of the best   love \now monday, go away? <propfemale> thanks   smile "
"sooo excited for tonight   \i get to see two of my favorites  ( annoyed && then it's t-shirt tiime!  love "
"my week has been amazing thus far \i got to see a lot of my favorites  ( annoyed && now it's time for another epic weekend   love "
"oh wow  hahahaha\some people are just sooo adorable these days \lmao pathetic, good luck with that   love "
"i hate cheaters  && liars \just for the record  "
"wow, i'm relating to the most ridiculous music today \thankfully this feeling is only a phase   love "
if you only knew my situation   be lucky your married 
"i'm over the whole \hating life\"" thing \",d08062a4ba01dc645f83dfc1d39ef6a5,"random trip to brookings  ?\i think sooo!  wink "
<propfirst> bound   love 
"my boyfriend doesn't even know my name  \he only knows me as \girlfriend\""\",d08062a4ba01dc645f83dfc1d39ef6a5,"yesss, i need to leave town, asap   \this is a fact "
"sometimes my decisions even worry myself \happy to be alive after lastnight  "
"correcting everything  \it's time for a positive change   love "
california   love 
oregon   love 
"i'm so sick of fake people \if your gonna go out of you way to be upfront\you might as well tell me the whole truth \just sayin   anyways, tonights gonna be a goodnight  (;"
"i am now a ophiuchus  \no longer a sagittarius  eff lol\seriously though, what a waste of ink "
tgif!  love 
lost my phone  text me <propfirst>? kthx   love 
the fist pump is taking over 
fml  just for today though   i'll be over all of this by tomorrow i'm sure    love 
hmm   what to do today   love 
terrible day  i'm pretty sure i've lost all faith in humanityin the past twenty four hours 
"i've definately found faith in humanity again   there are still amazing people out there worth my time   love  fyi  i miss my summer bestie  if she was here, i'd be entirely content right now "
"i've definately found faith in humanity again   there are still amazing people out there worth my time   love  fyi  i miss my summer bestie  if she was here, i'd be entirely content right now "
"i just wanna go already, i need out of this town "
"oh my, what a night   love \time for an eating binge  \a nap session  \&& hardcore cleaning "
is stoked for an amazing night with some of the favorites  (;
"i just realised  aside from <propfirst>, i trust no one with ayden \yes, i'm overprotective over a child that isn't my own "
"highlight of my night? \ayden wearing my rainbow hat \yesss, this boy officially makes everything better "
is tirrrred
is finally rested! and so it begins again  
"quote of the week: \you look pretty when i'm drunk\"""""
"sometimes, i wish i was still jail bait  it makes things a lot easier "
chacha knows i'm crazy appearently  
oh my  such a busy day today && an even busier rest of the week ahead  sooo much to do  i feel very productive though   smile 
i wish i would just let things be more simple  
i love this weather  smile 
"dear new facebook mobile set up: \your confusing the hell outta me  ha ha"
i'm over this <propfemale> ess  for sure  with my favorites (;
byeee medford   love 
"pau d' arco steeped with chai with <propfemale> and lemon  \a wonderful start to the day   smile "
"<propfirst> humphreys is a monopoly manipulator  \just for the record   love "
"sweeny <propmale>? seriously? \why is this happening?!\"" lmao   love """
"chai tea and smoke sesh with the roomie on the front deck  \todays gonna be another amazing one, i already know  then again, everyday out here is   love "
"plan for the night: wrestle a bear\tip a cow\shave a lamma\eat a rabbit\drop kick a deer\punch a racoon\&& rage on a tree \oh the wonders of <propfemale>"
fact: i own at candyland  (;
what's gooood medford? (;
church time   love 
"church was good \word of the day: slavery \haha, now out to lunch then time for a cleaning sesh   love "
movie sesh? i think so  (;
"on facebook, while watching the social network    oh the irony "
"i have a new appreciation for facebook  for damn sure  haha, thank you social network for alerting me of the sacrifice you've made for our social activity  <propfirst> zuckerberg, you are my internet hero  lmao  love "
kady rage! on a cleaning rampage   love 
"i've seen more movies in the past two weeks than i think i have my entire life  haha, another movie sesh tonight with the roomie   love "
has given up on the rouge valley 
"high caffinated chai tea   love \i'm definately very sleep deprived  \movie sesh went on farrr too long lastnight "
is staying with one of the most loving families  it's inspiring to see such faith and graditude in such a sad and disapointing situation 
i've watched eight new movies today  getting to my tenth then it's time to call it a night    love 
off is the general direction i'd like you to fuck right now™
sooo tired  only made it 2 3 way through the ninth movie  sleepy time tea and final smoke sesh with the roomie then bed tiime  (;
"figuring out my tattoo designs \they're gonna be sickk  (;"
"we have a thousand wishes: to be thinner be bigger, have more money, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish: to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, is fighting cancer, or had cancer, post this for at least one hour"
"<propfirst> and i made some bomb cookies  \and are now watching hot rod \2 legit 2 quit  (; lol"
"<propfirst> tucker must die  \and then it's off to bed \it was a wonderful day  love "
"i told myself not to get attached, but each day it's getting harder not to  "
just made an epic dubstep cd  (;
why does transferring money from afghanistan have to be so damn confusing? grrr  
"medford bound tomorrow  (; \no clue why i'm so stoked about it  \lol   love "
"all nighter, by myself? yesss  love  l"
"uhnst, just once  medford bound  (;"
is gonna have an amazing with the bessst   love 
"is stoked for the day   love \spending my last day in town with the bessst  (;"
byeee medford
"four twenty  (;\too bad i don't smoke lol"
note to self; i miss you terribly 
sleep is overrated 
"so anxious, i've already got my bag packed  saturday hurry up!  love "
"i've got the best, and couldn't ask for more   love "
two days   love 
"almost done cleaning  \then it's time for a hardcore workout sesh   love "
"change of plans; one day   love \i'm excited, finally a full weekend in town  (;"
medford bound   love 
"going out for coffee then time to start my day  \it's so nice to finally see the sun   love "
is having an amazing day with zach gallagher  love 
should not have to be up this early  
is making cupcakes with <propfemale>   wink 
"took a brisk, raging three mile walk today while being chased down by a drunkie in slippers  yeah, life in <propfemale> gets pretty intense sometimes hahahaha   love "
dear sprint: off is the general direction i'd like for you to fuck right now  <propfemale> thanks
"i was just informed by inside sources that my roomie plans to get me goooood with water ballons today while i'm tanning on the deck  i have 75 ready  haha oh my, he has nooo idea what he's getting himself into  (;"
medford bound tomorrow night   love 
"watching insinuous by myself, in a dark room \  i'm feeling pretty hardcore right about now lol"
is going to have an amazing night with <propmale> aikins && zach gallagher  love 
the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and e playful ecting different results
"<propfemale>, don't flatter yourself \i'm nice to everyone "
"this isn't about justifying my actions, this is about doing what's best for them  there is no easy way to say goodbye and no room for closure this time"
my ears hurt 
needs outtt
"it shouldn't be this hard to get across town  \hmmph   annoyed \"
is gonna have a damn good night  (;
never misconstrude my kindness for ignorance  
"whoa, sudden burst of energy!\hmm   now what to dooo   love "
is lovin this weather  (;
"<propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst> crashed out already   \hmm, now what to dooo   lol  love "
you've got me hooked on your phonics   love 
"spending the day with my main man  \ayden jäger swegar  (;  love   love   love   love   love "
is terribly ill  blah
\who are you to judge the life i live? \,d08062a4ba01dc645f83dfc1d39ef6a5,"is trying to think of what to do today  \any ideas  ? (;"
"today has been so blah, hopefully tonight is better   love "
"ayden jager is by far the most amazing boy, ever \nuff said  love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love "
"is waiting for devan wheeler && <propfirst> <propmale> to get here  \today is gonna be good, i can already tell  wink   love "
"i definately did not wake up this morning feeling like p-diddy, but all of a sudden i feel fantastic  (; going to see <propfemale> <propfemale> rowland later   love "
dear kidneys; my apologies for this weekend 
"i usually don't mind the rain  \but this is getting ridiculous   surprise "
"finally feeling better, on a cleaning rampage! (;"
"hahaha  between poking wars, status comment picture link updates and liking, facebook has managed to almost completely eliminate any need for verbal communication or e playful ressions of feelings beyond little \smileys\"" made of symbols """
"been home all day  hmm, i neeeed out "
"teaching ayden how to scream with rage \future metal screamer potentional? i think so   wink "
"finally, some plans actually worth pursuing for the night! haha motivation to get dressed lol  love "
july hurry up   love 
finally getting ready for the night   now what tooo dooo   love 
"going to see <propmale> joneses tonight, super stoked  it's been far too long   love "
"it was fantastic to see <propmale> joneses and <propfemale> hedge   laugh \now i'm at home, trying to figure out what to next  "
"damn  i just realised how much i miss <propfemale> donahue  \summer bestie, get your ass home! right now  kthx   love "
"just drove past my old house in white city  i miss last summer, and all of a sudden have an urge to play some bp! hahh"
"you hate me? yes, i'm aware  and honestly if you want to spend your time being consumed by rumors and gossip than the last thing i owe anyone is an apology, an excuse, or an e playful lination for my \actions\"" perception is decieving and respect goes both ways """
tgif  love 
"there's about 50 people on my fb that i don't know, or have ever even talked to  seriously guys, this isn't myspace  if you're not gonna talk, then why even add me? delete sesh is in order"
"spending the day with my lovely sister, andrea \tonights gonna be fuuun  (;"
lake day tomorrow? i think sooo (;
"you were never worth my time  \so happy i'm past that lame ass phase  hahh"
"ahhh, just chopped my hair off "
"going to kick it with <propfirst> smith && <propfirst> borba for the night\text meeee  love   love   love "
"lake day with <propfemale> dehaas?\sounds good to me   wink "
"had a fantastic day with <propfemale>, i'd tag that shit if my phone would let me do so  "
"just woke up from the most amazing nap, hmm   \now what to dooo  love "
"dear tailbone; can you please quit being so bruised? \being able to walk and sit properly would be nice  kthx"
"it's so nice outside, i hate feeling stuck on this couch "
"camping, mhmm  (;"
it's way too early for me  
nap time  love 
"is feeling very assertive today, about to start locking these jail birds upp! (;"
"my three day weekend starts at four today  \text me, let's plan something (;"
"ahhh, sleeping in was fantastic lol"
lake day?! mhm (;
"needs something to do today  \any ideas?"
i'm finally getting off this couch and getting out of the house lol
ignorance is bliss   love 
"happy fourth of july  love \be safe everyone, and hope you all have fun! (;"
i'm beginning to feel like i live in minnesota five days a week
six hours to go   
its finally friday! woop! now what to dooo this weekend? (;
"appearently everyone in <propfirst> <propfemale>, mn is going out of town the second week in august   it's poppin in idaho though (; lol"
off work early but paid for the full day   fantastic way to start off the weekend  whats everyone doing today? (;
"i never thought i'd say this, but i just met the most fantastic illegal mexicans   yeah, props to <propfemale> and <propfirst>! why are those names so damn common though? i tried to ask them, but they didn't understand what i was asking  "
it's not a mole if it has a nipple on it  
"off work early, time for some serious r&r lol"
off work  nap time? mhmm (;
"meh screw the nap  haha i'm watching the glee project  <propfirst> is amazing  oh, and my future husband fyi  wink "
"good morning! (; suprisingly enough, i feel rested today "
"watching movies with mr  pop and the roomie, mhmm  (; recovery sesh fa shooo "
"oh my, it's gonna be a busy day\i'm feeling very productive though  wink "
"my brain function has been way below average today \i'm actually excited for tomorrow  \i'll be forced to focus lol night errrybody   love "
stoked for work! it's been a looong weekend  
\i'm saving babies  \,d08062a4ba01dc645f83dfc1d39ef6a5,"i just saw the cutest kid riding his bike down the street wearing a tux and holding a beautiful bouqet of roses  oh how romantic  i'm not gonna lie, part of me kinda wanted to knock him over and take the roses  that definately  would've been romance and it's finest"
can someone please shoot me? i'll pay 
i don't wanna be awake 
"i went from divorced, to in a relationship, to in a domestic partnership, back to a in relationship, all to get back to single  yeah, mobile fb is complicated once you get married on here  don't ever do it  "
i love <propfemale>' because she is awesome and we live in poundtown together 
"two jobs? mhmm, i got this on lock down! (;"
"six an a half more hours til pound town (; \time go fasterrr! kthx  love "
"at work, tirrrred  i need to get off early, and take a nap (;"
"crazy morning, on a caffine binge  laugh "
"my phone is attempting to shut down completely, it's really annoying  "
"a 15 year old girl holds hands with her year old son  people call her a slut, no one knows she was raped at 13  people call another guy fat  no one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight   people call an old man ugly  no one knew he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war  re-post this if you are against bullying and stereotypi you won't  ????"
woke up late  awesome  
"just got to work and i'm already over it  \i wanna be offf already, start my night (;"
"if anyones looking for a job they should go apply at shell by the mall, they're gonna need to hire someone asap "
"finally on our way out of this town, atleast for a minute  byeee medford!  love "
"i never really wanted it, so i settled for a little bit    love "
"i love everything about you, aside the fact that your so far away  "
i love <propfemale>' because she is awesome and we do fun stuff like wear mustaches and <propfemale>'s
"weekend accomplished  i got too see all of my favorites, including the summer bestie  (; definately time for some intense cleaning tomorrow  "
"it's been an insanely long week, thankfully it's finally over! \time for this three day weekend to begin  (;"
"with my best friend best <propfemale>' having some good times, what are you people doing??"
"<propfemale> is so polite she said thank you, giving money to a bum  happy saturday! (;"
i hate today already  
happy friday errrybody (;
oh what a night   and its just begining  
