59b0fe2d3fcf0ac1bdaa72bc9c05bb58
cant sleep
busy week!
would really like to not have class tonight   
is taking tonks to work with me today  smile 
i like to send emails of random kitties and pandas to my co-workers   laugh 
sometimes     
just wrote a paper and did a <propmale> update on teh website   tired
butter-bombs and firecrackers  laugh 
buckcherry makes me smile ^^ especially since i am aware of how loud i am playing it and it pisses off my fat old jerk of a neighbor neighbor  laugh 
its raining tadpoles in japan   
 sad 
yaaaaay class was canceled i get <propfemale> go home! t_t  happy tears
sewing a skirt ^___^ and happy someones home from the hospital
alone today ><
nap plz?
my lunch smells and looks like cat food     suspicious glare
aaaarg is it 430 yet?
<propmale>  smile 
home aaarrrgg lol
wants a time-turner 
t_t
i counter your loud domestic dispute with even louder beethoven  take that neighbors!
scanning <propmale>  lots of it
 laugh 
at work 30 minutes and i have already  head-desk    plz can be go back to beds times now?
the zombie apocalypse would start with my uncle 
is not a zombie  looks like my uncle hasn't started the apocalypse just yet   
squeeeeeeeeeee
basement = wet    again     hate
 flail
stupid fing state government stupid thing grr
head ache  tired  world divide by 0  all at once 
omg i haz a kitteh!!
<propfemale>   my itty lady <propfemale> just woke me up at 730 on my sleep in day  jist to be petted and worshiped for all her <propfemale>  i wuv her 
news: a man with a tattoo of <propfemale> spears' name on his arm or neck allegedly stole a chihuahua with pink earrings from a south florida gay bar  - wtg humanity!
is on a forum based linux class  i am that cool  nod
"the cat doesnt give two shits about the rat, the rat gives quite a few shits about the cat  hehe "
good thing i didnt want to read that mail you just ate    i thought that was dogs that did that   
i cutted my kitties nails and didnt die!!!  laugh 
i awoke this morning to the sound of <propfemale> face meeting window pane as my special cat tried to jump into a window frame that i closed almost 12 hours previously    i both petted her to make sure she was ok and laughed my ass off   
"thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one's child should miss a doctor's appointment because it costs too much  if you agree, join us in posting this as your status "
omg this cat is precious!  faceplant off scratching post
my neighbor covered their window with aluminum foil       quit
" looks around    days off confuse me    what is this     \outside\"" thing   laugh """
my cat likes pringles  surprise 
mmm yes  doing my windows  playful  refresher course on a <propmale>   love 
 love 
i think    my cat turned on my 360    
i am moving friday sep 25  tewish weeks!! if anyone wantsa help me send me a message of any form  laugh   love   love  wewt (moving to schaumburg not far ^^ wink 
"moving friday!!! so excited, but so tired from packing  im going to fall asleep carying a box up to the new apartment or something    >>"
my knee!!
so tired    
owww my finger is sorta broked or something    
"just got a message from t-mobile saying if my phone turns off for any reason at all (<propmale> shutdown, battery dies) i lose all of my personal content perminently because microsoft had a server crash    woot >>"
my brain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
illinois cutting map grants for spring 2009! please see my note! the state is cutting college tuition funding  omi wants go college!!!
 sad  sadface
do not want work
zomg yay
so   uh    i did something i shouldnt have today    look at my new photo album to see what     laugh 
my cat is afraid of my baby rats      <propfirst> connelly
blarg!!!
lesson learned: dont put airwhic spray thing in window on cold days    >>
this is two days in a row that i have recieved a horriscope with no text in it at all  am i dead?
blarg     sad 
eew i just did homework for 5 hours!
so many skewl wurks  hayt
do not want class! grr  angryface
 died       goes to work anyways
nooo sleeeppp
lysol!!  dies
can i have 2 thousand dollars? thanks!  hug
knows shes ok but is still askared   
hate stupid meaningless paper of doom!!!  pout
    geh
oowwww grr
"\bad techno is bad!\""  grumble"""
my neck has hurt all week   sad 
ffffffffffffffff       grumble
nevermind!  laugh 
haayyytttt
<propfemale> i hate christmas but not you day  laugh   grumble-hugs
housework and hawks  yay!
yaaaay
less screwed than i thought  yay    sorta
can i have $5750 pleez kthx
waaaaaa  moves to arizona?
so tired of the nosebleeds  sad 
my cat is a dooshebaeg
"today     today i had to give someone instructins on how to use an elivator  \do i push this to order it?\""            """
dollz
shit     sad 
so tired   
is want to go homes nao plzzzz!!!
is gonna go to acems!  laugh    laugh 
sad panda mode again  sad 
beeeee!
i quit one of my yobs  love  love  love 
my bathroom is broken!! water is not come out of shower thingy  cry
i quit my jorrb still excited about it    yups  laugh  the last week!!
somebody buy me a tablet and bioshock plx thx luvs u  smile 
waah gimi muhni prz cuz im a stupid head >> lol for serious tho   im broke cuz im stupid  
fucking    fuu fuukrrggg fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
"i just like how this sounds     submitted the deviations anatomy study, a little of all that i say, huhuhu, your face in the last week  lol"
free lunch hells yeah!!!
32 oz of coffeez and still dieing
brutal    
theres beees in my walls!!!
7:41am i woke up to a loud scraping noise a man was pushing a ladder up to my balcony to paint it didn't tell me he was gona do that  just oh hi i'm in here now
someone give me $100 so i can adopt a one eyed cat!
help me save a <propfemale> see my note  smile  smile 
"rip blinkie, you left a fat happy little mouse covered in jelly "
im gettin mah kitteh on friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
earf day and pirate kitteh! i am excite
really peri?! thanks      > sad 
kitteh in my house hiding and is askared  i think he has never been in a house before >>  he has no idea wahts goin on and keeps creepin all over  its so cute 
grumble
im so tired  i think its time for a duel   
anyone a master of anova?
a june bug flew at my ass  i screamed and hit my head  it got scared and flew at my buttom some more d: then it flew into the corner and died  dx
i went to put my glasses on this morning and my hamster ran past     with two grumpy cats this dumb thing was able to run freely for an hour and a half and live
"i am a being of pride and spite, especially when it comes to my car   someone is gonna burn   "
rip <propfemale>  i miss my many furballs  they reminded me of a better world  one that now has to be caged and preserved 
 sad 
the fields are flooded and i am drowning  two separate facts but poetic in its own way 
nothing une playful ected here    
lol i had completely forgotten my bday is this wednesday  i knew it was coming up but not this fast  
"i want your love and i want your revenge i want your love, i don't wanna be friends "
time to take a final then go home and write a paper so i can play on my bday tomorrow  smile  smile  smile  love 
its not right  the world isn't right  but that's nothing new  so what's new this time?
murph!
sometimes its a better idea than it should be    
i r b tired! lolvideogames
"need a new vacuum  all well, off to indiana!"
just cuz i'm not surprised doesn't mean its okay 
"respect is earned, not given "
two!!  love 
wurk! d:
lolol everyones so crabby 
i effing hate that my life revolves around how broke i am  i miss out on everything 
we'll  my little brit <propfemale> and pirate cat are gay for each other  i have the animal version of stardust here   
i am full of so much rage right now i'm pacing  i can feel my blood boiling 
"the security camera at work now has two days of footage of me yelling at inanimate objects  \\very yelling   "
i keep waking up at 7:45 am      whyyyyyyy
this is exactly why the dress code is balls   crawls on dirty ass <propfirst> lab room floor 
fuuuuuuuu wrong effing airport i have to get from midway to ohare now  greaaaatttt
made it to the plane  yaaay
yet another con where i drank all the whiskey  lol
grad party  yeah   
"can haz $35,000 plz?"
 love  günther  love  loooool
srsly    hayt
im so broke!!
"had an awesome weekend!\already misses my pickles  love  lav"
"blarg blah blarg moo grr blarg  \i dont wanna b work nao kthxbai "
! wink im gonna beat you with a spoon i hate you so much right now!
i feelz like crap d:
where i am in life is not where i am in life 
just got a job being a personal tutor!  laugh 
even though my cats are horrible jerks   i luf dem!
"looking for another guitar >>\ laugh "
"so  my cat food company recalled a bunch of food, and lately my cats have been kinda sick  so i yelled at iams, got a refund, and am getting new food today! check ur food if ur p&g   "
photobomb = to tired to do anything + to revved up to sleep 
one day    i'd like to not wake up in pain 
"i want to be on an old fashioned farm  land horses dogs cows pigs  instead i'm literally tits deep in a pile of computers, trying not to throw up   "
just walked down a hall at work doing robot dance and singing a durp song    y yes i am retarded tired y joo ask?
sleeeeep? prz
my internet was not working and i didn't try to fix it      sorry if u were trying to contact  ill probably fix it tomorrow  l   
still no internet at home  idk why  something is up    
played soccer with a mini cooper this morning 
i love balls
cant do this   
i'm heartbroken to know that i live in a world where the lesson learned is never to be kind to people 
"who can babysit an adult cat and his mother till november? affectionate, pure white, lazy   smile "
anger
oh man  so much to do and slowly going down the list   sigh
i need emergency commissions! ask me about my temporary price for kat hats!
you have a new email! hmm 42 emails  newest email from animal rescue site  meaning of life = animal rescue!  laugh 
ooow
(?_?)
i wish people could see how cute peri is being right now  then people wouldn't hate her so much   snuggle feral <propfemale>
i hate this place
there is a good <propmale> that i will transfer to a different university in spring   
well i wanted a new car anyways  just wish i wasn't 300 <propmale> from home when it happened   
i can see the clouds in the night sky  its so peaceful it makes me want to cry 
a day where screaming in your car is far too necessary 
today i got an override from my future <propmale> prof so i can take a class and its pre-requisite concurrently  laugh  im doing it  laugh 
i'm not in control and i am in control at the same time  let loose the strings i tied to hold me up so i can start to stand again 
i love my friends  laugh 
taking my peri to the vet  sad 
tomorrow peri is getting surgery  its going to cost a lot of money  idk what to do  sad 
peri is home  shes in a cone & needs help doing everything  can't eat or drink with the cone on  has trouble getting in the litterbox  she needs to be watched 
 sad 
"if you do the things you need to do when you need to do them, then someday you can do the things you want to do when you want to do them "
yay      snowpocalypse    stuck at home with a neighbor and her kid who scream louder than my ds' pokemon music can drown out   
going to niu tomorrow to apply and transfer my credits  smile 
