8927fd0e574c4cffeba3b30aad18e864
shake and        (waiting for someone to finish)
"only got two hours of sleep, but its all good"
going to see <propfemale> jam tommorrow 
"tommorrow is going to be fun, but also very conflicting "
"with the combination of my birthday, the awesome <propfemale> jam concert, and the phillies winning game one  turned out to be one of the best days ever "
would like to than eveyone  also i would like to say that i accuratley perdicted the phillies and the yankees would be playing each other in the world series 
thanks a lot septa        
happy new years!
starting my new job today from 10 to 5
"beware of those who <propfirst> you on the back, they might be looking for the soft spot to plant the knife!"
finally beat chapter 11 in ff13! that took forever 
finally opening day is here  greatest day of the year 
at work from 9 smile 0 to 2 smile 0 then i am free
"really needs to quit true value, that shit is not worth it "
sweet lord the dog next door has been barking for 5 hours!
needs a change of pace 
one more week at true value!
"last two days at true value, and soon and end of an <propfemale> "
"goodbye true value, it was an intresting ride "
has just got a whiff of quite possibly the worst smell ever 
"i can officially die happy, thank you doc halladay for perfection!"
new phone!
woah what happened? the phils were winning 8-3 when i left work  i just saw on my phone they lost 11-10  what the hell?
you talking like a computer is whats snf so stfu and gtfo!!!
"is going to gettysburg this weekend, i don't get reception there so i will see you all tuesday "
thank god <propmale> <propfirst> went to the rangers and not the yankees  i was worried there for a bit 
finally the <propmale> streak is over!
finally oswalt agreed to the trade
at the phillies!
oh joy school!     
is quite possibly scared for life    d:
lets go phillies!
<propfirst> halladay is god!!!
damn    
this is depressing      
on retrospect though at least they went down fighting  lets go texas!
feels old 
got my costume!
greatest dinner ever!!
why in god's name would werth sign with the nationals?
is it safe?
holy <propfirst> shit!!!!! we just got back <propmale> <propfirst>!
i really need to use facebook more often
really!? this is the second time in less then 24 hours i have almost been hit by an idiot driver!
