e1ba74b99ee07f3aa7b1827f95136528
has a new upstairs neighbor  cue the marching band 
thinks her neighbors are the awesomest  who doesn't love playing in the sprinklers at 3 a m  on a monday?
thinks everything tastes peculiar today 
likes it maybe a little too much when people comment on her status 
"wonders what's up all the facebook-twitter cross-posting  is there an app that updates both at the same time or are you people actually that concerned that someone might miss out on knowing what you're doing right now? no offense intended, cross-posters -"
is in love with of montreal right now 
is wondering when @funley returned to facebook 
is prepping the 'partment for the traveling wine tasting tonight  <propfemale> la italia!
doesn't trust anything that can be fully microwaved in 1 5 minutes 
"just finished her training session with the team in <propfemale> and is cursing the very concept of time zones  can't science just, like, fix this problem for us already? multiple suns with on off switch, maybe? let's get somebody on this, stat!"
just found out there is a leak in the apartment she's moving into to escape the mold infestation in her old one 
"is giving away a bookshelf, end table, and dining room table  let me know if you want to come by and take a look "
is filing her first lawsuit  yay! now finally feel like a real american 
"is hoping all her atlanta-metro friends don't float away  <propfemale> in there, kids! those status updates are scary "
is wondering if 300 photos is too many   
just found someone who doesn't think lol cats are funny  at all  seriously 
black
is trying to get her day started  facebook is against this plan 
is getting excited about the of montreal show tonight 
has had a lovely afternoon e playful loring downtown tampa on foot for the first time  awesome turkey avocado panini at cafe hey followed by an equally excellent <propmale> collins on the rooftop at fly bar  not such a bad little city we have here really 
loved all the latin in last night's lost 
"just killed her first palmetto bug of the season  ahhhh, summer   "
is procrastinating on work stuff by posting too much too long on facebook 
is drinking a $60 glass of cabernet  kinda tastes like the $4 99 cab they sell at cvs 
"has just found her fave new facebook meme: in honor of the upcoming finale, change your profile pic to the lost character you think will be <propmale>'s replacement guardian of the island  \\please pass on to all the losties in your life  ( kc hudson, s  cheong choi, <propfemale> yau-maltese, <propfemale> volpi baerwalde, <propmale> funes, <propfemale> <propfirst>)"
4 8 15 16 23 42
is getting ready to return to the island one last time 
is still marveling at the exquisitely unsatisfying brilliance of the lost finale 
"is getting weirded out by how much \how i met your mother\"" keeps mirroring her life  <propmale> c'est moi """
is heading out on girls' coastal roadtrip 2010!
is sitting under the oaks in her beloved cistern once again #cofc
is so proud of all her discipuli  congrats ba class of 2010!!!
is back at blackstone's reading the gazette over breakfast  just like old times   smile 
"believes that despite everything, people are really good at heart "
has a severe case of duotriophobia  let's hope my historical unluckiest day of the year ends without a <propmale> catastrophe (besides the catastrophic browser crash during my online training session with the west coast advisory interns this afternoon)
is kicking the four-day weekend off right with pomtini in hand 
mother nature is apparently not much of a patriot 
alohomora <propmale> potter film fest! http annoyed  www tampabay com things-to-do events 2010 7 9 harry-potters-friday-movie-madness 13402 
is having champagne & brie in the poynter library  best cataloging workshop ever!  smile 
is back in the atl 
is tiny-tappin' it tonight 
"just hit the 300-friend <propfirst>  woo-hoo! tnx, <propfemale> brenneman!"
thinks she just heard a gunshot from the creepy apt complex next door  it's like the burbs up in here 
is watching her street turn into a river 
is wondering if she should skip the apartment hunt and start building an ark 
tampa poll: awesome 2 1 bungalow in seminole heights or pretty cool 1 1 apartment in the heart of <propmale> islands?
has 30 days left of 30 
"is still waiting at home for the stupid brighthouse goons to come hook up the internets  (i waited all afternoon yesterday, but apparently someone entered oct  1 instead of sept  1 in their scheduling system )  grrr > sad "
is still without internet and still waiting on aforementioned brighthouse goons  the 5-day saga continues     anyone tried this new virgin mobile broadband2go thing?
just found a pair of drowned lovebugs in her glass  how romantic   playful 
is having the best parisian-style morning at the creperia in ybor 
totally killed it at trivia tonight! with my boys woodford & diaaaaaaz 
is still at work  sad 
thanks for all the warm birthday wishes! i had a great one 
just put on her fluffy slippers for the first time this season  like 
"is a cocks fan tonight! (yeah, bring on the innuendo)"
"mission accomplished! sanity restored  thank you, goodnight!"
"is hoping everyone remembers to vote tomorrow -- and hillsborough peoples, please help pass the transit referendum  one cent is a small price to pay for safer, more-efficient roadways and light rail, of which tampa is in dire need "
is a bit disgusted with florida right now 
is partying in an airplane hangar  probably way cooler than whatever you're doing 
"is tired after attempting to upload nearly a year's worth of photos in one night  sorry for being so slack  (more pics forthcoming soon, i promise)"
is a sucker for facebook photo-update memes 
"yay, snow! it's a white christmas in beauregard, alabama "
is beaufort bound 
war damn eagle!!!
agrees with pj  we need a live stream of toomer's  like now 
is enjoying an ice-cold (spiked) butterbeer at the hogshead tavern in hogsmeade   smile 
"is getting really sick of all this rain  sunshine state, my tuchis!"
ugh  the computer wins  humanity fail 
is in the upper echelon of the <propfemale> pot right now  it's  seriously who you know  wow 
is kinda freaked out by the zombie daisies i bought at publix a month ago that are still as yellow as ever and show no signs of dying    
