39c5fed34888429e8302b8e49764269d
i finally walked back from a friends house lol! 60 mins and i needs a car nowz!!
minor threat and dead kennedys on me playlist lol! yay!
jamiroquai tickets on the mill! way to go british <propmale>!
does anyone here know some good local bands around here? i already know austier
i am back into music production!!
people make me sick  defending one as if their a <propmale> bear with aids and i did nothing wrong  people shouldn't be treated like that  the world makes me sick lol 
finally workin' on my guitar riff covers for me old punk band  thankfully i still have the tape from 8 years back
speakin' hebrew
yay! just finished my commission on a beat lol!
just came back from that dance show  it was teh awesome lol!!
just finished reading the last issue of kick-ass       *sigh*
who still has 3d glasses? not that double-vision-real-d crap lol  that red n blue lol
me walking and talking to people 
gbh is coming to town yay!
i am out o' step!!- wit the world!! lol
"\i wish god could take away the pain  i know you wanna call me insane-- i'm a dreamer   \""- mgbn"""
i got a squad  i'm out to shoot me some ruffians 
i'm in the office     guess i gotta switch to night owl mode
back from *********** ****
wtf  i didn't even know eclipse was tonight lol  (douche  playful )
i got medal of honor closed beta for the ps3  anyone wanna join?
workin on q-tip remix album  anyone that wants in is fine by me 
predators was actually a well made peace of sci-fi horror  great job <propfirst>! now let's get on to machete!! yaa!!!
going to battle of the bands today in mesa  anyone want in?
yay!  i finished metal gear!! muhaha!
is trying to find a game boy adavance sp just to play dragon warrior iii  which is like    the best game evar lol!
it's kind of funny that i had to wait up til ten since no one wakes up early lol  (6am)
ok! we finally made a track! free mp3 up soon!
i saw inception    again! idk why i liked it so much  i'm glad to see <propmale> made a great movie other than those s**tty movies like transformers 2 n 3
just beat metal gear solid 4 on ocelot hard! it feels more rewarding to beat it on that difficulty lol 
demon's souls fcckk!! aaaghh!!
i woke up with rain lol
"anyone got demon's souls for ps3? it's fun, but hard as sh**  comment if you wanna team up, and i'll give ya my psn id name  see ya in boletaria!"
sprinklin' n humid     not much else today lol
"i finally died after two hours in boletaria castle of demon's souls  i understand it's a challenging game, but have people become so soft that they suck at games now? hell, there's hints literally lying all over the place  i'm a <propmale> lol"
<propfirst> pilgrim launch party was freakin' awesome lol!
when will there ever be any good music in the mainstream genre? i haven't heard a good one in 9 years 
comic-con ain't s*** anymore  it's a media e playful o and barely anything about comics  stupid people and their media saturation with their laid-back acoustic plays with a melodic whistle 
"??\that's the name of it   "
f*ck! let the right one in (swedish) was great! i hope they do let me in (american version) right! don't fudge it up!
was runnin like crazy yesterday in the heat lawl 
"it's horrible, but i just came back from wchs for my id     it's crud, but hey  it ain't the yearbook  i'm goinz backs to works lol "
"it ain\t rainin' it\""s hailin\"" lol!!"""
"cats & dogs 2      was okay    \dinner for schmucks: first 20 mins great! skip all that until the dinner party, cause people got pissed off in the middle "
"i've got a show in the velveteen in stand-up comedy! come check me out even though they'll think i suck! it's $3 to get in, while it's usually $20  idk it's amateur night i got 5 minutes in! finally lol!"
holy sh** <propfirst> szekely is gonna be on the stage too f***!!! you don't know this guy!?! he's <propfirst> on that fx tv show yahh!!!!
"vampires suck fckin sucks horribly! it's a piece of shiz mounded up with a more heapin' pile of monkey ********* just like epic movie  it's one thing i hate more than twilight fans is twilight haters  lay the fck off, it's a girl thing lol  hell, step up 3d is 100x better even though it's the hip thing  btw, the 3d is awesome "
off to community service i go! i'll be back at 5pm! see ya!
me just beat bionic commando on super hard yahh!! lol
"i just saw middle men-      that movie's really good  go see it if you hate the summer's movies, but be aware it's based on the infamous story on merchandise transaction of pornography on the internet  really good movie!"
"it goes on and on, but never on and off  stay strong and never take a pause  it's constant elevation- all the way to the top- continuing, forever exist, and never stop "
"forgot to tell you a week ago! watch <propfirst> pilgrim: the movie! it's the second time i've seen it and i still remember every <propfemale> i read for the last half a decade and it perfected it  if you don't like readin' comics, watch this masterpiece of epicness!!"
yay! done with homewark! (nerd!) now i'm goin back to makin beats!
"can't stress it enough! not only is <propfirst> pilgrim an awesome comic mini-series, but is the best comic book video game movie i've ever seen! big ups to the director of <propfirst> of the dead!"
kid cudi's the only mainstream cat i like still  sad 
"-stayin' in for today, makin music for the crew i got lol"
yay!! just finish riffin' a beat  this is mos def goin on vol  2 of my summer beats lol
anyone still like vampire weekend?
"sigh, i'm tired of makin everything better in my music  imma sleep for an hour n see what i can do  night!"
yay! online shopping here i come lol!
"i know what i want for meez birthday, and i'm ready to pay for it  akai's portable mpc 500  holy shiz it's better than anything i got  i mean  its a portable mpc holy hel- but ya, it's because my ole one might break soon and that 500 is <propfemale>, but packs a punch "
peace! i'm out the door (finally sleeps)
$500 dangit     
omg! i made teh best beat ever! i love it  it's got soul and an awesome drum slap on it! it's so good! haha! i'm a pirate arrgh!
arctic monkeys anyone? lol
yay! i'm looking up mpc 500 tutorials even though i won't get one for a good 5 months lol
"i'm listening to <propfirst> benatar for sample recording  suggestions on anything from early 70's is welcomed, but i'm all good with my anthology on <propfirst> lol "
imma go see <propfirst> pilgrim again with a few friends finally! this'll be my third time watchin' lol! what an underrated movie  it deserves better 
"????????????????????????????????????????????????????\god is everywhere lol"
omg!! my acoustic skills came back  skill-acstc +12  time to make a compilation or beat! muhahaha!
peace! imma be up to make somethin lol
love sick      
"yo! everyone hush up! i don't make tracks on the spot  i'm not like <propmale> rock or j dilla  i'm more of the nujabes type  i take my time to make a perfect piece, then give it to that  stork that is the record company lol "
"so it turns out everyone in around the world except in suprise, arizona know about my collab with j period wtf people  we got 6 million downloads on our free release album last 2 years and you guys didn't even make a hit in the stats  you guys just hate listening to good music or what? lol"
"400?????????????????????\cause everyone doesn't give 2 sh*ts about you "
when is lil <propmale> gonna grow up? oh wait     he went the tupac route     except     he actually did it     unlike the awesome shakur guy     sigh    you get my drift lol 
i just finished recording the rain for a good 10 minutes  i know what to do with it  it's coming soon lol 
yay! 14 request for my summer-made album! hurrah! part 2's coming out next week! just wait lol!
is playing and sampling sonic the hedgehog 3  thanks <propfirst> <propmale>! lol
"last excoricism is really good and overlooked, but    the ending       \anyway, takers was actually pretty fun if you're with friends  t i  is haulin' fo that <propfirst> lol!"
i've been playing grand theft auto iv all night since 11pm  i forgot how much i loved this series  *takes a quick grasp of humanity*
f- you all!! haha! i just won my first e-bay auction! muhahaha! rule da world! haha!!
"alright everyone! i'm still overwhelmed by happiness, but i just finished mixin' the \summer boredom pt  2\"" mixtape (cds also included!) i'll see you guys at monday  enjoy!"""
sh*t is done! i've finished burnin' them discs! yay! hooray for self-confidence!
"the bad part is that i still have this stuffy nose and my mpcs bout <propfemale> break lol  i'm making it's \last will\"" """
"did you ever stuff your mattress full of rice krispies and then piss the bed? snap, crackle, pop -- all night long  good night everyone!!"
yay! 23 cds were passed out!! thanks guys! not just the peeps at school  it's to the other 9 people in public az that get into good music  thanks! lol
"does anyone here like \it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia\""?"""
i've been listening to radiohead       alot      
yay! castle crashers is finally on ps3!! toast!
"alright! settle people! i know you guys like the dang album! more's to come, but ya'll's breakin my poor mpc *cries* lol! thanks for the good feedback though!"
"they just turned kfc's kentucky fried chicken into kountry fresh chicken, because it was     racist? wtf yay   "
wait cross that! they just wanted to take out fried from the label-- which is still the stupidest fckin thing i've ever heard  who the fck thought about this bs  their chicken ain't healthy and it never will!
wrist control   
"i wish the call of duty modern warfare series could have 2 games seperate in half off price of 20 bucks  like, if people just wanted to play for the story, they got what they wanted instead of them hating on that mp  as for the rest of the 32 million, they get the multiplayer yay    "
"going the distance has a really good plot and motive, but they just had to put the crude bs in there with the semen on the table  we get it! it's corn custard!"
i love how that pastor pulled a wwjd comment on burning qu'rans at 9 11  fckin retards don't know a damn clue what they're talkin about  and it would be awesome to see in the end if that guy didn't burn them after all laughs at all of us for showing him and his <propfirst> ass-church some publicity  god is what's in his head or whatever he wants it to be this also deals with many discriptives being a bunch of hypocrites
i just watched a movie called happiness       and boy is that movie fcked up      i never felt more uncomfortable in my life  fck       i laughed to take away the tension  sad (((
"i just watched an anime called monster     holy hell, that was ground breaking  they didn't even have to make it anime!! if they got the right actors, it would be the best physiological thriller that is realistic and fckin nerve shattering to make you hate not trust anything in your future profession "
i just escaped the n h k  embassy 
i was wrong  perfume does smell good      sad 
killer 7 killer 7 killer 7                idk it's the best name for anything ever     
i'm listening to indian soul music     and ya     really gettin into it  thanks masunaga! you're pretty awesome! lawl!
"<propmale> tenenbaums made me love <propmale> <propmale> all over again! he's right up there with <propfirst> <propmale>, except he has that indie feel  all of his movies- great, even fantastic mr  fox lol"
"watchin' cowboy bebop  i forgot everything about this, and it's great that i did  awesome show lol "
"just watched a movie called \brick \"" love it     sad """
i'm going to studio 7reen to get our first riff  seriously i'm nervous and it's only been a weeks since we practiced on this rehearsal  i'm not even sure we'll ever get a gig anywhere  this ain't l a  ya know   
<propfemale> is the worst female role model i ever conceived in the history of whatever lol
lollololol! i got <propfemale> croft and the guardian of light as a gift haha! thanks <propmale>! i'll see ya at the jam lawl!
"i''ve been minding this great philly indie band free energy  hell yah they're badass and now they're startin' to get recognized! good for them, but they need more cowbell  lol think of them as the band weezer      except they don't suck like now "
"oh ya  if you're into movies, check out buried  it's <propfirst> reynolds stuck in a box the whole  movie     now laugh all you want, but this movie is the ish  i remember when me and the crew went to a press screening in soutxsouthwest last year and everyone shutted up  i can't believe how entertaing it was, considering that it's in a frickin box the whole movie with a cast of 21 people! wtf!"
"i am sad as hell and i don't know anyone who could cheer me up  and don't do that \man-up dammit!!\"" bulsh*t  i'm e playful osed in the satirical comedy known as selfishness in the depths of selflessness  lol (i don't really mean \""lol\"" though          ) help"""
"me and the sexy llamas are back!! we're doing a pixies' cover of \where is my mind\""! fck i'm so happy we're back!"""
kratzy just came back from his shorty canada tour and says he wants to gig with us lol  that was quick
"anyone heard of the band off! ? they just debut on tv live at 3am lol! i'm talkin the guys who worked with black flag, circle jerks, redd kross  this is a hardcore punk band with the oldest of the young lol! check em out, they're gonna be up in the crowds soon "
omg sht! we got a gig! wehuaioyhwhinkmkokofa!!! and i found the cam!!
"there camera's found, posted some old shite, packin my rent <propmale> <propfirst>, and off to the marquee!!! weeeeee!!! wish me luck hahahahah!!!!"
"just came back from practice but holy fck!! we didn't sleep in that gig!! i think we came back at like 3amish and i had a headache, but that was not a night to miss for me! thank you every drunk person that was in the marquee! your passive raving will get the best of me lol "
i got blistaz on mii feengaz! lawl!
"i'm playing jigsaw falling into place by radiohead on me a-coostick  great <propfemale>, but retarded lyrics that's just begging you to take ecstasy in comprehension of it lol "
give me coffee and tv with a side of misery lol
"just came back  paranormal activity 2       was okay      why they made a sequel? no idea, but at least it's somewhat of a prequel leading to mythology of it  i still hate that they made a 2nd one since it doesn't make the 1st believable anymore   playful "
"i am not kidding  word from our site shows that the new cameo for the hangover 2 is <propmale> gibson  what the hell's the plot gonna be about, a bar-mitzvah? hah!"
"i vote for the candidate in whoever's in \the rent is too damn high\"" committee"""
anyone here heard of demon's souls? fck i can't get over how awesome it is!
dammit! we lost <propfirst> and we can't call him on anything  if ya see him please shout out!
why are they mourning on this perfect day?  sad 
yay! telecaster here i come!!!
"lol i made a song in my head in just ten seconds  three chords and you got a band  this one sounds of potential though  make that 16 variations, plus a solo lol "
hell ya! we finally got the caution line straps for my guitar ready muhahaha!
lol didn't see any shit support when tupac was in jail  the fool was just j-walkin  wtf  oh well *goes on a stroll*  playful 
undercover brother anyone? lol
too busy  too busy and just too busy  oh ya  me fingers now have strengthened muscle tissue mooooohahahaha!
oh noes! me social distortion tickets! all gonez!  sad  super sad face  sad (((
watching a white stripes concert while syncin' with their cruddy guitar chord variations lol   i don't even like em that much  playful  go fig'
drinkin v8 and trying to split me fingers to play f# dammit! don't tell your problems!
i really need <propfemale> drink a v8  i'm bleeding  sad ((
sings  with chords g d e c---g d e c( with a high octave of b)!!! play that and you know what i mean   this is my intro for the song! muhhaha! i am in love!!
killzone 3 beta tournament yo! my only days off from the gigs! come on ya'll!!
got <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world on blu-ray muhahha!!
killzone 2 is da ish!! too much cursin' though 
like i said: it won't matter for me if the weed's legal now  economy is at an all time low and we don't even give 2 ishes about it 
"don't ya hate it when you just wanna play a game, when one girl just has to come up and begs me to annoyance just to add her on facebook  sigh  shoots her then goes on with life *runs*"
oh btw i'm sick  sad  muhaha! *evil laugh* *coughs violently* seeya
anyone here like the band blur?
black friday      that's it      oh ya happy thanksgiving everyone!
"i'm done with black ops  campaign story was amazing, but it's execution was horrid  multiplayer was a blast! i was always on the top of the game scorings, but i'm done  not much into zombies so meh  sad   up next: castlevania! muhahaha!"
and just like that i'm a singer and songwriter    
castlevaniaaaa!!!
haha 400!!
stupid stupids! i haven't slept for 2 days! let me sleep and we'll go again for those damn free nachos      you have any idea how much cologne was tossed at me after that!? agshdayfha(*wr&*yn lol
yipee!! new shirts and inception blu-ray muahahaha!
you did it again aronofsky!! black swan is amazin'!! it's requiem for a dream with ballerinas!! ha!
solo gig at 9 at the marquee  check me outs lol
minecraft is the ish! i can't believe a 277kb game's making my computer lag!
thanks zeke for the inception soundtrack lawlz!
tommorow
good morning everyone sigh        oh ya    have fun    *falls asleep*
i personally thought the album i just put out was highly mediocre  sorry for slackin'  i got a band now lol  what do you guys thinks?
i don't get that sh*t about when music's played to the crowd and the peeps just walk up there and do nothing            what? what the hell did you walk up there for? sit back down lol
mornin everyone!
good evening!
i fudged up again guys!!! sorry! i forgot to add sequential playback so you guys could here the music as i would like a story  sad   sad 
"true grit was actually really good! an awesome remake! as for tron     wtf man, action scenes were cool, but besides that the rest is on a boring level  you gotta admit though, the cgi, the soundtrack by daft punk, and the visionary values were utmost amazing!"
"hookin up with the pillows soon  this is big for our band, cause we don't even know a lick-split of what they're saying cause their japanese    and that makes them cool? ya   "
going to vegas then cali in just a few minutes  seeya! meow!!
radiohead radiohead radiohead       sleep
why do we waste so much money on sh*t we don't need? is it for our economy? what's for the better?
i can sing again haha!
lol we just saw an awesome rendition of idioteque by these guys named broken ventilation  woot for them  great job!
haha! pub crawling lol!!
just came out of hipsterville         wtf      cool
20 stacks of pancakes!
and all is well in the world when your morality is blind    
i don't even care anymore  i've wasted too much time on my interests for too long   laugh 
"me bwarth-day's tommowoh!!! oh, but we're celebratin' at friday"
dark souls is demon's souls 2!!! muhahaha!
so i took guitar class!       but i also took tv broadcasting  sad (((
i just watched the tribe called quest documentary! i didn't know phife dog had dyabeetus!!
who here has seen the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind? and not you <propfirst>!!
someone said the stuff i listen to like arctic monkeys is the stuff you get high on  do you believe that? cause apparently everything i listen to is something to <propmale> on  sad (
86 kills----- 5 deaths----- let's see how i'll shoot this fridz lol
balloons and stuffed animals     what does it mean??
i'm gettin back into my 16bit self  it's amazing how much good of games were in the snes and genisis  *buys cartridges from ebay*
a video game about the iranian revolution through the eyes of everyone there? cool     
brown syrup is there and i'm not! wtf i gotta stop playing final fantasy so i could hook up wit em! garh!
killzone 3 tonight!!
waltz with bashir!
playin' minecraft while watchin undercover brother     it's like <propmale> n' cheese man lol
"the cat, the demon, the starchild"
he cut his finger with a scissor and it's still dangling due to the bone! cut it again!
"rango's awesome! <propmale> <propmale> plays a politician well in a horrid movie!\stay tuned      "
why is he actin like puff daddy repeating everything i say sexually? sshhhh!
"gawd dammit!!! fckin dragon warrior 3's save battery died! fck!@!!!$ whatever  just need $7 of equipment \oh ya odd sound wolfgang kill them all is my infuriation music    "
"did anyone notice the \resistance 3\"" promos billboards in battle: los <propfemale>??"""
finalli!! super 8!! been looking forward to this since they announced it a year ago! also sweeney <propmale>     
lol! i love when people hate the movies i review lawle!
"evangelion was awesome up until it focused on that fck-tard shinji       \dont tell me yo fckin problems!! be alone and die!! you can't make anything better of yourself so stop trying!"
so ya       i just finished evangelion and boy- that ending       *shakes head in disappointment  furiously* wow        a 3 hour aa meeting is the ending      just wow    
summer wars wummer sars summer wares!! it's been a while!
"now and then, here and there         "
"i cried on that sh*t! wow i'm depressed now  the world that we live in these days      everything i saw was exactly portrayed on what is going on in afghanistan and every other place in non-motivated-war-affixiated country  i love life! \i am pro-life! dammit! tell the world!"
5 minutes in and i already made a sonata on the piano lol
"you better believe it! i just watched the gayest yaoi shit evar! and when i mean gay- i mean in the literal term to \accept 5 year old boys to be transvestites\"" gay! wtf was i thinking!?!                      no offense lol                \",39c5fed34888429e8302b8e49764269d,remind me why am i in this band? i just came home with a scarring of a man getting his ear ripped off lol 
5 movie soundtracks and $80          what to do now          
baccano!!
"wow! sucker punch is complete sh*t! i warned all yahs! lol\and still! limitless takes the top        oh ya     lincoln lawyer was pretty great   "
great        i have 6 songs that that i made now  i can only choose one for the dang composition         fudge  new jazz piece came in today  wtf man i just finished the tragic piece  sad   sad   sad 
live behind the liquor store of the i-35 interchange- it's time for a couple o' cold ones!!
just played the whole wind waker soundtrack on piano  an hour n' a half recorded! check me out on spill!!
fckin hippy jump over that fool- like we gonna rape em lol! i love you too!
it feels alone and boring when you play guitar- even with people around you       
there! outset island done! on da website check!! lawls!!
"ya! i\m goin! supportin ya skeptica muha!"""
yooo yoooo hakushoooooowww!!!
nrg= energy lol     and that's their name      sad   laugh   sad   sad   sad (
just finished playing mgs3's snake eater on guitar! fckin a minor!
"we've got a new song we're gonna play next week   \????????\""                        i think i should change my profile avatar      watcha think?"""
yes! it's coming back to me now! makin new beats!!
toxic avenger meets <propmale> haber!
