e818cfaddefea17366d55eb531504e86
broke my tube amp -sadfaces-
my sleeping schedule is screwed
"my new year has been great  troubled  oh well, nothing i can't handle"
"tumblr, combat arms, then tumblr, then sleep  laugh "
http annoyed  dragcave net view 3jhh  click my egg!
stress this week ha! it'll be worse next week  (hell week dun dun da dunnn)
i need bricks and boards for my horse stable on farmville!
"i need 2 nails, 2 bricks, and 6 boards on farmville!"
"grandpa <propfirst> dying, dealing with family    sucks!"
recording with my band called this body before us up at f2 today  cant wait
"just got home from recording, it was fun yet slow  freaking tired as hell man"
listen to my band at www myspace com thisbodybeforeus and tell me what you think!
band practice was amazing
"tomorrow sound pro, wensday band practice,"
writing metal
my hard drive is dead fuck!!!!
so bored
holding on only leads to more drama and more bullshit  just grow up and move on with your life
"still sore from riding dirtbikes from 9am to 4pm yesterday, now i have band practice today and band practice monday  if my body doesnt fall apart ill be surprised"
"ugh, cant wait till school is out"
"got my laptop back!!!  laugh  they ended up replacing the keyboard  motherboard, hard drive, and the usb ports "
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed vzpzs7sgjo&feature=related\ fucking amazing"
rewiring justins guitar
"coil taps are such pesky, pointless componets"
raggle fraggle!
going downtown around 6 smile 0 anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
"your father is a \hamster and your mother smells of elderberries! now go away before i \insult you a second time!"
"booster concert tomorrow, be stuck at school from 8am to about 11pm"
jumping into the unknown just because life is too short to not e playful lore  annoyed 
"walked 6 <propmale> to see <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale> and a couple other people  laugh   it was definately worth it"
"sir galahad: look, let me go back in there and face the \peril \\sir lancelot: no, it's too perilous \\sir galahad: look, it's my duty as a knight to sample as \much peril as i can \\sir lancelot: no, we've got to find the holy grail  come on \\sir galahad: oh, let me have just a little bit of peril?\\sir lancelot: no  it's unhealthy \\sir galahad: i bet you're gay \\sir lancelot: am not "
working on dirtbikes
"playing guitar,"
"time to chew some bubble gum and kick some ass, but im all out of bubble gum"
walking a mile in the rain is not fun
"maybe you don't see what's in front of me\\maybe you won't stand the test of time\\for we live in sin, for we will win\\i watched the president kiss his family\\for we live in sin, for we will win\\i watched the president fuck society"
holy fucking beard batman!
playing a show w this body before us july 6th in  manastee mi!!!
this week is not going to be fun
"out of school friday, looks like this is going to be one hell of a summer  laugh "
"band practice with this body before us today, than this is north tomorrow  laugh "
going to have an amazing day with <propfemale> and get to see <propfemale> and some old friends
"band practice was good, and hanging out with <propfemale> was amazing as always  love "
"love isn't finding someone you can live with, it's finding someone you can't live without  ~ <propfemale> <propfemale> fraser-shadbolt"
tonight is not going to be fun 
life is about choices and consiquences  the people who make the choice to create drama and don't take responsibility for their own actions are just pathetic
bored outta my freak'n mind
anyone wanna <propfemale> out? lol
"went to sleep at 10pm last night, woke up at about 3-4am ish     already wondering what im going to do today  facebook is only getting more and more boring "
counting down the hours waiting for another pointless fight to end
"anything that can go wrong, will go wrong   murphy's law"
"running out of ways to run \\i can't see, i can't be \\over and over and under my skin \\all this attention is doing me in"
i cant take this level of depression anymore    
life moves on  
"time to start over, time to forgive, but not to forget  time to try again, and this time it will be different  for better or for worse"
emotions are an uncontrollable rolacoster ride  one day you can concidering suicide than the next you can be e playful loading with happiness for no apparent reason 
the long intellectual conversations are the best  even better when they challenge the way you think
"why are we here?\a question that no one will ever answer so think for\ your fucking self\don't believe something because someone told you \to and don't be scared into living someone else's way  don't just say \what you're suppose to say speak for yourself and never give that right \away  i'm so sick of hearing people say how i should live my life and \if i don't follow their rules i will suffer the consequence "
"never be afraid to open up your mind and look at the world through \someone else's eyes \this is something you should never forget  if \so then it's not really your life anymore  don't just say the what \you're suppose to say speak for yourself and never give that right away  speak\ for yourself"
the word of a liar means nothing
rather be hated for doing something right than be hated for doing nothing 
"everything changes, everything evolves, and everything ends  the only way to stay ontop is to be constantly changing, evolving and creating something new  if you don't you'll get left behind "
"friends come and go, but true friends will always stand by your side "
this body before us is performing in charlivoux mi @ the flight deck bar @ 11 smile 0 18+ show! have to show up with an id 
"the show at the flight deck went amazing! hardly anything went wrong and it was a solid set, we opened up for arbiter who will be playing at the carnival of chaos! we will be back up at the flight deck bar in charlivoux mi on wensday! so if you can be there!"
this body before us is playing this up coming wensday at the flight deck bar in charlivoux mi at 11pm!!!!!!!!!!!
is finally walking down the path that ive worked so hard to find 
"its so entertaining to be completely random in a conversation, (your friend obviously not knowing or understanding what you said asks you about it) to either a- pretend to not know what they're talking about or b- pretend to forget about it"
"boredom--[poke] me if you've ever had a crush on me, [like] this \status if you think i'm a good friend, [message] me if you have ever\ wanted to date me and don't [comment]  now let's see who is brave \enough to copy and paste this as their status --do it, you know you \want to "
fighting is the most pointless thing in exsistance
anyone know where to get an esp ltd all white mh 400-1000 or ec 400-1000 used?
"my band this body before us is playing at the flight deck bar in charlevoix, michigan wednesday night at 11pm!!!!!!"
"show tomorrow, this body before us with the arbiter are performing at the flight deck bar in charlevoix mi at 11pm!!!!!! be there!"
the show was amazing!! anyone who came out tonight thank you! also the flight deck bar is a ballin place to be!
"if boredom was a crime, i would be on death row"
"went camping, also was riding dirtbikes  jumped a woop, landed wrong, hit a tree and bounced off of it about 5ft  owwwww! not to mention bent the handlebars "
recording hopefully this week  its time to put some demos out!
epic friends bandmates are priceless  laugh 
my dog tried raping <propfemale> stebbins  laugh 
its sad when people dont even realize they create 90% of their own problems
"like my status and i'll tell you one thing i \like, dislike, confession, and my first impressionn about you "
"hmmmm, what is there to do tomorrow?"
"ahhhhhhh!!! did that remind you of your wife? well it should, because i was faking it"
"i enjoy playing a video game called just cause, why? just cause    lol"
at <propfirst>'s for the night  woot!
there is a snuke in hillery <propmale>'s snizz
"i never even wanted a facebook in the first place, sense almost everyone talks to me on here i'm now addicted to it  wtf?!"
dude   can't wait to hit the studio and lay down some jams
i'm tired and its only 7:25pm  weird
"99%\ of teenagers would cry if they saw <propfirst> bieber standing on top of \askyscraper about to jump  if you are the 1% sitting there with popcorn \and 3d glasses, screaming \do a backflip!\""", copy and paste this as your \e818cfaddefea17366d55eb531504e86,"watching movies, and bored  practice tomorrow"
"before you can grow up you must fall in love 3 times  once you must fall in love with your best friend, ruining your friendship forever  this will teach you who your true friends are, and the fine line between friendship and more  once you must fall in love with someone you believe to be perfect "
i should get paid for giving back massages  damn freebies
"yesterday at around 10pm 4 drunk women wanted to take pictures with me, one looked 23-24ish she was from italy the rest were in their 30s and were local  it was quite awkward at first, but is was both funny and fun   laugh  they also called me cute, wonder if they knew i was 16    "
"can't wait to record, band practice today and tomorrow"
"dude, this week has been wild  yet so much fun  laugh "
sooo tired  laugh 
plans fell through so recording monday at 1pm
supposed to be recording next week  laugh   hope everything goes to plan
waking up earlier than 11am on saturdays should be a pathway to insanity 
"<propfemale> stebbins\ all those who donate money to help support this is north! and our new \ep with get there name in the album booklet  please support  thank you"
just put new strings on my guitar and the d string snapped when i was tuning it to b and slightly stretching it  wtf d'addario?! gah!
recording tomorrow at 1pm 
why does it seem like moose has a thing for <propfemale> stebbins?
recording went extremely well  going back to the studio at noon tomorrow currently watching the departed with this is north
studio update videos coming soon  laugh 
recording today was slow haha  best way to e playful lain it
goddammit why do people always have to like what i like?! its fine  because i do it too  laugh 
"this episode of sesame street is brought to you by cigarettes, weed, energy drinks, and coffee  laugh "
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in life  set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile """
loves meeting new people  laugh 
recording went very well  laugh  now super bored
"recording tomorrow, and trying to figure out what to do tonight  ugh  hate not having anything to do"
recording at about noon tomorrow!
might have an endorsement from hardluck guitars!!!
not exactly pleased with the way yesterday turned out
endorsed by hardluck kings guitars!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait till friday!
i wouldn't touch that with your <propmale>!
that guitar needs to get here now  love 
is curious on what the future might bring 
this is gonna be an interesting weekend
just got my guitar from hardluck kings!!!!!! pics soon!!!!!!!
have'n a blast with a good old friend  laugh  the new guitar is amazing
i found the almighty dislike button!!!!!
raggle fraggle!!!
"if you watch jaws backwards, its a movie about a shark that keeps throwing up people until they have to open a beach"
needs some good fucking heavy metal deathcore hardcore death metal to listen to  that you think i haven't heard of before  needs to have sub drops and breakdowns  laugh 
inspired to write some brutal music  laugh 
woo!!! go drama!!
had an amazing time with <propfemale> splawn  love   love   love 
just got home from the biker escort of sergeant <propfirst> calo  who lived in my old town  was extremely interesting to do and glad i did  may you r i p
your past doesn't make you who you are  nor do your mistakes  its how you learn from them that define you as an individual
"playing a show with this body before us in honor of sergent <propfirst> calo in kalkaska, mi in about 2 weeks"
busy day  laugh 
should i shave? hmmmmm
needs promos done for hardluck kings soon!!!!
99 status updates all from <propfemale> splawn  laugh    love 333333333333
"dude! why all the pokes?!  laugh  \p s  this carnivorous metalhead is eating a salad  so yeah! im actually an omnivorous metalhead  playful "
missing <propfemale> splawn  love  
"<propfirst> chaos, <propfirst> and i quit tbbu because of <propfirst>'s and <propmale>'s shit  just to clear things up, we didn't get kicked out"
"is looking to start another side project, style im looking for is more of an alternative deathcore hardcore e playful erimental  anyone interested?"
oceano makes me cream in mah pants  laugh 
inspired  laugh 
had the most amazing time today with my girlfriend <propfemale> splawn  love   love   love  hopefully crashing tonight with <propfemale> halek and her husband and hanging out with them tomorrow  monday having band practice with this is north with chesten vanpelt and j chaos  gonna be an interesting labor day weekend  laugh 
"back in bible times, the voice in your head was the voice of god  today we call them schizophrenics"
oh yay  school tomorrow  troubled 
why are some people way too ignorant and immature to grow up and move on with their lives?
"unless you know the whole story, as in both sides in case you ignorant people dont understand that concept  dont get involved and definitely dont stick your nose where it doesnt belong  im sick and tired of it"
tired but dont wanna sleep  troubled 
"the good, the bad, the weird is on fucked up movie  simply because its all koreans  laugh "
"100 friends or more on your facebook?   but when you need them, how many are there for you? if you'll be here for me click ''like'' copy and paste this on your status like i have just done and see how many true friends you have"
dont wanna go to school tomorrow  ugh!!!!
monster=wake up call  love 33333
sleeeeeeeeepp  love   love   love 
"meh, sick of people, sick of bullshit, wanting to start over"
"tacos and clash of the titans  good food, good movie, good way to end a hellish day  oh yeah! band practice tomorrow"
"\there is nothing more misleading than an obvious fact\"""""
"300+ most recent? wtf people!!!!!??? get a life!!!!!!\p s  a box of whales told me that dolphins are a species of toothed whales   laugh "
wish this weekend didnt have to end  it was fun  laugh 
now wants to learn how to write record dubstep music  laugh 
needs more challenges in music 
looking for a temporary or permanent guitarist that has at least a mid level 6 string guitar and a decent sounding half stack to play a show in 15days
does anyone know any good guitarists with at least mid level equipment in traverse city that wants to play in a metal band????!!!!
"shower, then sleeeeep   laugh "
playing a show with this is north at the american legion hall (1231 hastings traverse city) on the 5th and begin recording soon hopefully so we can play <propfemale> pooloza
bored  laugh 
is stuck in between a rock and a hard place  annoyed 
"dear twilight fans,\                \                \                 \                 please realize that because vampires are dead and have \no blood pumping through them, they can never get an erection  enjoy \fantasizing about that                     \                \             \                  sincerely,  logic "
"fear? what is there to fear in love? love is the very\\reason we live  to fear love is to lose all sense of living,\\and if we cannot love, then why have we been put here? fearing\\love is like being afraid of breathing  it's not something\\to be scared of  it's so natural that no one can resist    unknown "
"dear digestive tract,\                                             owned \                                                                      sincerely, taco <propfemale>"
no computer    again!!
recording this weekend!!!  laugh 
one miscommunication can ruin everything
wants more tattoos
currently heading up to the studio!!!
recording went amazing  in 2 weeks you will be able to listen to it 
"has a good <propmale> at getting a tattoo this weekend  laugh  \peoples ignorance is quite amusing too "
time to clean out the worthless on my friends list  laugh 
watching <propfirst> woodcox get her tattoo and starting mine tomorrow  laugh 
hey guys cant record next weekend  i have a funeral to go to in <propmale>
is going to sleep  leave me shit so i have a reason to get on fb  playful 
just got a new laptop with windows 7  so much faster than vista *creams*
"staying at <propfirst> halek and <propfemale> halek's house tonight  show friday, then recording over the weekend "
is pissed
mondays suck  laugh 
"\holding a grudge is like letting someone live rent free in your head\"""""
"the army is trying to recruit me, lol"
life is about to become uber challenging again   yay 
just got mah tattoos worked on
just sent 73 of the 300 pics of the fret wear on my guitar to hardluck kings 
working on the studio update
recording this weekend
enjoys talking to <propfirst> goslin most amazing girl ever!!!  love   love   love   love   love 
"recording went amazingly well, other than forgetting my laptop charge and not being able to find a file on my comp"
it's now the time to stop screwing around and to focus on what i want in life
wrote an amazing riff on my 7 string   laugh 
apparently there is a basement show next weekend at my house
looking to play some shows with messor  so if anyone is booking a show or know of anyone who is let me know
"basement show at my house next friday with arbiter, bury the creator, messor and this body before us  whos gonna be there?"
is going to have a virtual adventure through stumbleupon because fb is boring
basement show at my house friday  laugh  bury the creator and arbiter will be there  along with messor and this body before us
"dear math, \pease divide yourself by zero and cease to exist  sincerely, high school students"
"show my house this friday, starts at 4 smile 0pm arbiter and bury the creator are co-headlining i better see you guys there and bring friends!!!! my address is 4900 buckhorn dr  in tc!!!"
"tired from band practice, monster cable broke along with <propfirst>'s bass drum head  fuck!!!"
"can't wait to play the show friday, change my strings, and hit the studio saturday hopefully"
i find it interesting amusing how people in a music scene can actually treat each other like family but the rest of society cant 
cannot wait to hear the first completely finished song from the studio
"come to the show tomorrow at 4 smile 0pm at my house   memories of a murder, messor, disession, arbiter, and bury the creator     4900 buckhorn dr  traverse city mi"
just proved the monster warranty  playful 
basement show went amazing! im ready to have another one!
there is a great need for a sarcasm font
if anyone has any pics of my band messor playing at the basement show please let me know!!
so who would want a basement show in 3 weeks?
"wow, this week is gonna suck  troubled "
heading to grand rapids    
not recording this weekend  troubled 
at mom's bf's family get together  now offically bored  playful 
must      resist    pumpkin      cheesecake          omnomnomnomnomnom!
"picking fights over facebook? yeah real mature, thats what 10yr olds do  so grow up or take it somewhere else "
"gotta show on the 4th and one on the 10th, yay  messor is finally starting to take off  laugh "
so who would buy a pre-sale ticket to see my band with 8 other bands down in <propmale> mi january 7th?! we need 15 people to buy them from us to play!!!!
"so     tired  laugh  but must complete hw,\finish writing a song, figure out what to do saturday, continue to find shows and book them, annnnnnd plenty more"
basement show on the 10th! my house!!! be there!!!
all this fighting kinda makes me wanna delete my facebook  real pathetic guys 
studio update 2 is on the way  laugh 
"getting off of fb for the night, tired, done dealing with people  need a break "
okay messor needs fill in members for the basement show  who can and is willing?
"messor is now dead  <propfirst>, kota need to learn that fighting is not going to ever get you anywhere  recordings over"
show starts at 4 smile 0 arbiter plays at 5-5 smile 0!!!
anyone wanna help me acquire a mesa dual rectifier half stack for mah birthday? imma try to trade both my amps for it and if i can i'll know if i have a difference to pay  troubled 
"no recording this weekend, show on friday now starts at 4 smile 0  finally have a day to myself tomorrow   "
i wanna see everyone at the show tomorrow!!!!!! 4 smile 0 is when it starts!!!! $3
"everytime i play guitar, god kills a kitten"
the show was fucking amazing!!!!!!! thank you all for coming out  and thanks to everyone who kept fucking moving!!!!!!!! gonna miss <propfirst> 
send me a number to my inbox and ill post your number and what i think about you  laugh  bbl
my ankle is now cracked or fractured thanks to being next to <propmale> <propmale> in a fucking mosh pit   laugh 
"well, now im on krutches and vicodine with a possible hairline fracture and an incredibly bad sprain  wow i feel like a cripple"
"#42 when i first met you i thought you were honestly just another girl in tc trying to add a twist to the trend  well, the more i got to know you the more you proved me wrong  you are definitly someone i wish to keep around  thanks for inspiring me to be myself, and to be proud of who i am "
#997 you're for sure the coolist cousin in law  it's fun to have intelligant conversations with you because you have a unique yet educated perspective  just wish you lived closer so we could <propfemale> out more  playful 
"#989 the fact that you managed to date one of the most complex and the most sadistic girls i know is suprising, and the fact that your still alive! lol  you know i have to pick on you for that  i miss hanging out with you though  so fuck you and your gf for moving to cadillac"
"#666 you are not metal enough for this number  you're a pretty funny dude, and you definitely know the music scene pretty well  you're also quite fun to <propfemale> around with at shows lol  you are a bit too fruity though which leads me to 2 questions    have your balls ever dropped and when will you be coming out of the closet? lmfao just fucking with man  keep it metal"
"#2012 you're a pretty cool dude, you have a lot of potential to some pretty wicked things  i'm sure your time will come to take over a spot light  laugh  just keep practicing and do what you want to do, and follow your dreams no matter what anyone says   who ever hates what you're trying to acomplish is truly a waste of your time and should be ignored  you just need to make your voice heard bro"
#64 even though i have only known you for a week  i've realised that you're a very caring and interesting person  i enjoy the fact that we both share the same love for music  maybe one day we can e playful ress that love together 
no school tomorrow  yay   laugh 
thanks to everyone for the birthday comments really made me smile!  laugh 
does tc even have school tomorrow?
enjoys deep conversations with close friends way too much
so who wants to cut my leg off  troubled 
swelling has finally started to go down  laugh 
facebook has officially pissed me off with how slow its been running  myspace is actually running better
"needs to get d addario  72 gauge strings for recording, anyone know a place that has these in stock?"
"friday-hang out wiff dad's family\saturday-hang out wiff mom's family\sunday-finish packing for recording\monday thru friday-recording"
this is gonna be one hell of a week  laugh 
"today has officially been the worst day of my life  the \god(s)\"" or \""higherpower(s)\"" needs to be sacked along with their creators   smile """
time for some combat arms then sleep
4:22am   what to do? hmmmm
9 hours in the studio that random ass new years fun with people ive never met before  this is gonna be interesting
can't wait for the cd to be done
why does loving or liking someone usually end up being so painful?      sad 
omnomnomnomnom!!!!
"i wanna jam, so bad"
"combat arms, then jammin with <propfirst> lounsbury  any drummers wanna join? lmao"
music is my one escape
rising from the ashes in my basement anyone?!
so who wants to see rising from the ashes in traverse city again?
just set up the ibanez tube screamer ts-9 with my amp  sounds like god
recording tomorrow   laugh 
i will live the way i want to and there's nothing you can say or do that will change me or the way i think
hating life and 90% of the people in it 
never be afraid to open up your mind and look at the world through someone else's eyes  this is something you should never forget  if so then it's not really your life anymore 
i'm going to start building my own effects pedals soon  fuck all the big name brand effects for being so e playful ensive
anyone know any drummers in traverse city that would be looking to play in a band?
"do any of us really know everybody on our friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours   "
99 notifications  surprise  wow
iching for february  troubled 
kids with special needs aren't weird or odd  they may be different but not less! they only want what everyone else wants     to be accepted can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until       you are faced with it  what a blessing kids are!!
hopefully monday rest your eyes will be practicing still looking for a drummer to join the side project i have going on with <propfirst> and <propfirst>
"rest your eyes is now done with drum samples, finally start playing shows again still have guitar and vocals to do  laugh "
"1st person to like my status- i'll change my last name to yours for a week \2nd person to like my status- i'll write i love you on your wall for 3 days \3rd person to like my status- i will answer any question (inbox only)\4th person to like my status- can choose my profile pic \put this as your status if you're brave enough   wink "
gonna be putting on another basement show sometime in feb or march
"talk to a couple of amazing people on the phone, combat arms than sleep"
"gonna work on painting my 6 string this weekend, hopefully recording tomorrow, and i miss <propfemale> splawn's amazing hugs"
i need a break    life is way to complicated
"people need to get there noses out of my business, its really starting to piss me off  especially if your talking shit"
beardless  smile 
today was an amazing snowday 
"not recording saturday, just gonna be hanging out with <propfirst> than, band practice sunday and monday   "
"hide yo kids, hide yo wife, hide yo husbands, im get'n raped up in here"
metal
wow valentines day is coming up way to fast
tired of people   
is there school tomorrow at west?
i love it when things go the way they're supposed too
fuck i lost my phone
"life is not just about satisfying yourself, but also to satisfy the needs of those you love"
"ugh, missing <propfemale> like crazy  troubled "
"just set up my 7 string to drop a, best guitar i've ever heard i swear  omg it resonates with that  72 d addario string for the low a perfectly  locks in tune and everything  i swear i fall in love with this guitar every time i re-set it up "
stress + migraines = not good  annoyed 
the show was pretty good  laugh 
i can't wait to play another show
i cannot wait for may
missing <propfemale> already  smile 
"? put this as your status and see what people rate you!!!\1 crazy\2 i'd kiss you\3 hyper\4 i miss you\5 best friend\6 pretty\7 smart\8 i wanna date you\9 random\10 hot\11 funny\12 hug-able\13 amazing\14 cute\15 beautiful\16 loud\17 i love you"
i fucking hate it when friends don't respect your relationships
last fb status was <propmale> hacking my account  js  playful 
"band practice today, then school tomorrow  yay"
what songs in drop a or standard would be fun hard as fuck to learn? i'm gonna be a hermit during spring break 
i hate snow
"i hate snow, i hate it even more when it's heavy"
school tomorrow?
"just cleaned out the entire basement, now onto the kitchen after i'm done talking to people  laugh "
can't wait to finish my solo project   laugh 
hmmmm today is gonna be a good day
i love you <propfemale> splawn
show june 26th  laugh 
so who wants another basement show?
show tomorrow in petosky!
"ugh, can't wait for the show"
the show in petosky rocked 
"the pain of a relationship ending is never easy, now is the time to grieve and move on  ugh   "
"i love my friends that are actually here for me, thank you guys so much for everything"
what do i do now?
stoked for tuesday  laugh 
"this was a long, tiring and fun weekend "
