f38284ebe72b8f10fef9820b02f6f387
it needs to be monday    annoyed 
hahahahaahahaha!!!!!!! you get what you deserve bitch!  playful 
only one hour left of 2010  smile 
anberlin = what music is stuck in my head  smile 
wow    everyone is freaking out over another year    it's not that exciting!
"\we're old enough to know we're too young to care\""_haight st """
 smile )
"english book, why can't you read yourself?   "
watching the history channel  laugh 
"it is impossble for people not to type \lol\"" at least six times a day  """
you can't fix stupid  smile 
at least one person remembers me!  laugh 
sssshhhh!!!! i got a new facebook but my parents can't find out!!!!!ssshhh!!!!
"i'm literally dying without a certain person right now ( i have broken my finger, got a black eye, burned my hand, and i've cried every night for the past 3 weeks   )"
i miss you      (josh      )  sad 
missing someone that you know isn't missing you   sad 
"99% bored, 1% sad"
it is tooooo hot out!!!!!!!!  and i sadly hav nothin to do       grr
"\why does your pride make your run and hide are you that afraid of me if it's the last thing i do i'll wait for you\"""""
i'm gettin braces 2mrow but nobody will be able to see them cuz they'll be on the inside of my teeth  smile 
"i should go to bed right now, but i shant cuz im like oh idk not tired!"
thinking about a person and wondering if they ever think about u        probably not  sad 
every time i hear your name                sad 
i cry when angels deserve to die
"i dog, think dog, you dog, think dog,  that dog, i dog, think dog,i dog, am dog, gay dog, for dog, doing dog, this dog  now read it without the word 'dog'  lol"
it's funny how guys can break your heart and yet you can still love them with all the little pieces      
"gonna get my hair dyed on friday, black on the inside and bleach blonde on the top it's gonna be epically awesome lol  smile "
"i'm missing you but the problem is, you're not missing me        sad  sigh"
"like this status if you like me, send me a message if you have ever wanted to go out with me, and comment on this status if you think you are my best friend  playful "
if anyone has any ideas on how to completely forget someone and 3 months of your life please let me know
"i wanted to believe you loved me, i wanted to believe you felt the same way, i wanted to stop hurting, now all i want is to move on   heart-broken "
i miss our long talks about pointless stuff  i miss everything about you  relationship aside  i miss my friend that i could tell anything to  
"i'm getting my hair dyed today!!!, finally the wait is over!!!  playful "
"i'm sooo happy, my hair is finally dyed and it looks amazzzing i love it!!!!!  smile "
"rate me   (1)\crazy    (2) wish we went out    (3) talkative     (4) loveable     (5)\sexy   (6) strong    (7) weak     ( smile  mean     (9) loyal     (10) awesome\    (11) cute   (12) sweet     (13) wanna get to know you better     (14)\sarcastic"
don't judge me for the problems that i have   judge me for the problems that i cause it will be a much more accurate assessment
why do we fall?         so we can learn to pick ourselves up
happy father's day!!!!! i know you can't see this because you don't have a facebook dad but you are awesome and i love you  smile 
coke or pepsi???
goin to <propfemale> today!!!!!!!! it's gonna b funnn
"i just ate at sonic for the first time, and they have the most amazing tator-tots!!!!!!!!"
i've been in a car since 5 smile 0 this morning and i'm still gonna be in it until 10 surprise 0 tonight ugh!!!
"at the beach, sand is a thousand degrees and it is hottt!!!!!  i tried surfing and    i failed lol, the water is perfect and has awesome waves  smile  haha this puts <propmale> lake to shame! lol"
michigan= rain------virginia beach= blazing sun  playful 
"beach sunday, water park yesterday, beach today, and busch gardens tommorow  playful  ( sunburnt face     owch sad "
"love me or hate me, i don't care, just don't bug me!"
"on the beach, watching the fireworks  smile     i wonder if a shark will attack the boat with the fireworks on it lol"
"last night in <propfemale> beach  sad , havin fun at the fireworks though  playful "
i made a new friend thiz week  smile 
i'm finally home!!!!!!!!  smile ))) (i missed my room lol)
i'm playing with fake snow! lol
i love those late night messages that make your heart race  love   love   love 
i almost died this morning!!!!!!  sad (((
i'm loving life for once  smile 
"my life's a story, so go ahead and try to change it but you'll never be able to change me     "
awkward moment       
this is soooo not fair!      
this is soooo upsetting  sad (((
"i forgot the password to my ipod and now i have to delete everything on it and restore it to it's original, factory settings    wtf!!!! d:"
"i am who i want to be, i do what i want to, and i live how i want to so therefore, i am free to be me  playful "
"woke up, got on computer, got tired, and now going back to bed zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
i'm so loving the thunderstorm right now  smile  except for the fact that it keeps taking out the t v  signal  sad 
my dogs like goldfish crackers lol!
someone i know just doesn't know when to stop messing with me      and they need to learn to never play games with someone who can play them better     
"playing halo, the world's greatest game!!!         i feel like a geek but i kick butt at it hahaha!!!!"
"haven't really talked to my \friend\"" in a while       sad """
is it possible to miss someone you haven't even met?
"listening to muzik and talkin to my \friend\""  smile """
gotta love music  smile 
drinkin mt  dew  playful 
i love thunderstorms!  playful 
going swimming  love  text me! 1-989-220-1206  playful 
lemons taste soooo good  smile 
i'm txtn and ridin a bike     lethal combination haha
it sucks when you have really fast internet and then you go out into he middle of nowhere and it's really slow! ugh  sad 
"my mom just said she was friends with a \deer\""         ?"""
i was gonna go swimming but now i found out that someone puked in the pool      
is boreddd
listening to scream by avenged sevenfold and it's like one of the greatest songs ever  smile 
"hehe in <propfemale> they don't have kentucky fried chicken  instead, they have kentucky fried cat       lol"
\i see you, so please stay strong\f38284ebe72b8f10fef9820b02f6f387,haha fudge bunnies n' cheese hahaha lol! (inside joke)
"the whole like my status and i'll tell you what i like, dislike about you etc  etc  crap is getting really annoying"
"people are dumb, but some people are just plain stupid!"
i'm in such a good mood today!  smile 
annoyed   
my brand new purple headphones just broke d: i'm sad now
enjoying my new headphones  laugh 
saturday is going to be awesome!  smile 
spending the night at <propfemale>'s saturday night after lizard fair!  laugh 
only boring people get bored     
i'm taking my sissy to lizard fair  laugh 
thunder  love 
i miss you  smile 
lizard fair tomorrow  laugh 
tired  annoyed 
got my hair dyed this morning  smile 
at lizard fair and it's boring as hell
very happy  laugh 
kinda disappointed  annoyed 
tired     gotta work till 8 surprise 0  sad 
wish you were here  frowny 
hmm    am i happy or sad right now?  annoyed 
i love how you make me smile so much  smile 
confused?
sliced my finger open today       d:
"going to the fair thursday, maybe my friend will come?  wink "
going to the fair all day tomorrow  smile 
i wonder how many more people that let me down it will take to make my head e playful lode      sad 
"had a really weird time at the fair today, my ex kept watching me      lmao"
"\laugh and the world laughs with you  but stub your toe and the world laughs whether you do or not\"""""
7 more days      laugh 
accidents are just stupid mistakes that everyone makes
saturday is going to be awesome  laugh 
"getting my locker at 12 smile 0 tomorrow,     hopefully by the time i get there i can still be by <propfemale>?"
"anybody have the same classes?\\biology \computer app \<propmale> \geometry\english\world history"
got eight hours of sleep last night and somehow i'm still tired?
can't wait till saturday!  laugh 
listening to some awesome new music  laugh 
talking to an old friend of mine  laugh  lots to catch up on    we haven't talked in three years!  sad 
"got two go-carts, one quad, and a dirtbike for my party saturday, and a pool  laugh "
i'm canceling my party on saturday         crying 
my plans for saturday went from good to bad and then back to good lol  smile 
mall and the movies tomorrow with <propfemale> haskins and <propfirst> forster  laugh 
watching kickass  smile  lol
going to bed      smile 
today was      awesome  laugh 
missing those hugs of yours  love 
so tired     
a certain someone needs to get out of my head!!!       maybe not     smile 
listening to escape the fate  smile 
i think my mom broke my ipod       again       annoyed 
stop repeating yourself and get the hint that i don't want to answer you       
maybe going to the rock friday?  smile  haven't been there in a while      
my parents are sayin i gotta go to bed at 10 surprise 0??? wtf?!?! i'm not even tired!  sad 
going to the rock tomorrow?  smile 
hugs  love 
had a good time at the rock  love 
"thinking about stuff, and maybe a certain someone  wink "
playing around in a huge furniture store  laugh  lmao
       blaaaahhhhhhh!!!!  laugh 
had a good day today  smile 
haha my ipod says i'm in <propfemale> beach       i was there in june? lol
"it's the last day of summer, and i have to do chores! all day! wtf is wrong with my parents?  sad "
well    gotta go to school in like 12 hours    - -
geometry homework     annoyed  at least it's really easy  smile 
this year is going to be so freaking boring  annoyed 
"got a new ipod case, it's skullcandy  smile "
hearts burst into fire by bullet for my <propfirst> is officially my new favorite song  laugh 
going to bed soon  smile 
smartie  laugh 
i just found out something awesome      there's a skullcandy app for my ipod!!!!  laugh 
got a digital camera today  laugh 
having to go to bed at 9 surprise 0 sucks      sad 
everyone but me is going shopping this weekend for their homecoming dresses      
rockin out like and idiot to this war is ours by escape the fate  laugh  lmao
going to kaity's house!  laugh  gonna be funn
<propfirst> forster needs to get on facebook like right now  laugh 
finally updated my music library  smile 
ima smack you  smile 
parents are shutting off the internet for the rest of the night  sad  wtf     
please don't make me wait forever     it's kind of annoying  smile  haha
so freaking tired  annoyed 
finally did my homework  smile  don't know why i put it off till the last minute      
gonna be late for school today         annoyed 
homecoming is going to be great  smile 
no homework  laugh 
it's almost like we're becoming total strangers again  annoyed 
everyone gives me a mean look when i mention you but i just smile and say yeah he's awesome  smile 
i have a mini me!!! haha i love you kaity  playful 
in a great mood  smile 
do you have the will power to purposefully walk straight into a wall?
\don't blink, they won't even miss you at all\f38284ebe72b8f10fef9820b02f6f387, sad  ouch  sad 
i fell earlier and now i have a giant bruise on my leg and it hurts to walk  sad ( it was hilarious but it freaking hurts!
the downfall of us all  smile 
going to bed  smile  can't wait for friday  wink 
people piss me off sometimes         annoyed 
"shopping for my homecoming dress tomorrow, with smartie  smile )"
eating doritos  laugh 
escape the fate and a day to remember are amazing bands  smile 
"hope you don't mind me asking but, can i punch you in the face?!"
a certain person should call me      wink 
woah      i have 372 emails      
so     i fell asleep at 7 surprise 0? and woke up at like 8 surprise 0 this morning  smile  but      you called      while i was sleeping       damn     
i just fought with a dog lmao
"gonna wear my lizard fair shirt with purple and green,  plaid sweatpants for cozy day at school on monday  laugh "
finally got my dress!!!  laugh  it looks amazing  smile )
just saw a picture that's now making me want to cry  crying 
      sad      crying 
i wonder what you're going to tell me at homecoming       smile 
5 more days      wink 
"sooo     maybe getting a bus pass to kaity's on friday? and spending the night, then going with her, smartie, and brody to dinner before homecoming??? and then going to homecoming of course lol  smile "
had a good day today smile          still wondering what you're going to tell me on saturday      
pink  wink 
i love lightening!  laugh 
the downfall of us all  smile 
the storm last night was amazing  smile 
english essay      annoyed 
grr why can't it be saturday already?  wink 
really need to get my hair dyed      hopefully by saturday        annoyed 
annoying people are so annoying  smile 
"at home by myself, and blasting the music  laugh "
my plans for friday and saturday are going to be amazing  smile )
i'm really beginning to hate multitasking  annoyed 
homecoming tomorrow  laugh 
"yay!! <propfirst>'s coming to the game with me, kaity & brody  smile )"
eating an ice-cream snickers bar  laugh 
it's saturday       laugh 
how should i do my hair for homecoming?  smile 
very very happy  laugh 
homecoming was amazing  smile )
i dances to every song last night  smile          i'm tired lol
the memory chip thing in my camera broke when i took it out to upload my homecoming pictures  annoyed  wtf      cheap camera      
talking to my smartie  smile 
i throw my skittles in the air sometimes saying ayo taste the rainbow  smile 
i'm loving my new profile picture  smile )
"wow, a lot happened on facebook in my two hour nap lol  smile "
forgot my straightener at kaity's house        again!  annoyed 
it is freezing cold in my house         annoyed 
in a good mood  smile  but i'm extremely annoyed  annoyed 
"dear hair lol i wish you were naturally straight, not all wavy and gay haha  smile "
haha stupid sixth graders  laugh 
lmfao! the random things my friends do ahaha  laugh 
finally getting my hair done tomorrow  laugh 
"my life is practically perfect right now  laugh  so don't mess it up because if you do       well, you don't want to know what i'll do to you      hahaha"
a seven year old was able to pick me up today       that's not weird lol
i got a cupcake today  laugh  thanks <propfirst> lol
listening to 3oh!3  laugh 
talked to my smartie last night  smile )
so glad it's finally the weekend!  laugh  i get to sleep in tomorrow  smile 
just got done jumping on a trampoline for like two hours  laugh 
smartie's coming over tomorrow  laugh 
"today was awesome, i got to spend it with my smartie  smile "
hawthorne heights  smile 
been happy all month  smile  then my mom goes and ruins my mood in less than 10 minutes  annoyed 
"i really don't like how i'm never allowed to go to the rock anymore, i know it's quite boring there but at least i can <propfemale> out with my friends         annoyed "
today was really      weird       
tonight was awesome except for all the trouble i'm in for being home a half an hour late  annoyed        you are perfect  wink 
i miss not being on my ipod every two minutes replying to messages  annoyed 
so i apparently pinched a nerve in my leg? lol how does that even happen?       
i hate how the chat messages don't show up on my ipod when someone's talking to me  annoyed 
eating chocolate animal crackers  laugh 
"this weekend sucks, i'm not allowed to do anything  sad "
this is so stupid!  sad 
at the mall  smile  it sucks that you're not        annoyed 
i really need to get some more apps on my ipod     
"going to bed, can't wait for school tomorrow  smile "
i miss you  sad          wth    
"saturday is going to be awesome, air soft war with a bunch of people lol!  laugh "
smartie's here  smile )
can we please repeat some of the things that happened yesterday?      wink )
"\legit\"" is my new favorite word lol  laugh """
next weekend may or may not be fun      annoyed 
"there's a lot of fish in the sea, and i caught my favorite one      you  smile "
i pancakes you  laugh 
wth <propfemale>!?!?!  sad 
i lost my camera  sad (
love the lyrics  smile  hate the song lol
haha my mom just started screaming in her sleep lmao  laugh 
so i kinda subconsciously knew that i was supposed to wear purple today     but i forgot to lol
rain is amazing  smile 
i found my camera!!  laugh  maybe posting some new pics later? lol i haven't really had any new pics on here in a while     
me and <propfirst> have a few sixth grade stalkers lmao  laugh 
the stupid chat messages aren't loading      annoyed 
so i guess i give hugs like a panda bear?  laugh 
"if i have an opinion, you're gonna hear it, i don't give a shit if you don't like it!"
can it be sunday already?       please?    
well that was legit       laugh 
<propfirst> was here  laugh 
yesterday was awesome  smile )
      today     wink )
"life has it's bad times but they're just to help give it a little variety and you never know, right after a bad day a very great moment might happen that you'll just never want to end  but you can't always get what you want, so enjoy those times while they last  smile "
"i think i'm going to bed early tonight, after i finish my anime drawing though lol  smile "
today was great lol  smile 
i need a nap      annoyed 
e playful laining why i like you is like e playful laining how water tastes     completely impossible  smile 
i got scared by a ninja today  laugh 
i'm going to get 10 hours of sleep tonight  laugh 
there's no school today      crying 
"i am so going to wear sweatpants tomorrow, just because i'm that cool  laugh "
can't wait for school tomorrow  smile )
had an awesome day with <propfirst> yesterday  smile 
wow    i'm so clever sometimes that i don't even know what i'm saying lol  laugh 
haha  laugh 
what just happened?   
today is going to be so annoying  annoyed 
"just found out i have homework    i guess i can't do anything today  annoyed  oh well, yesterday makes up for it lol  smile "
party? no    <propfemale>? no    scary movie? no    sleep? yes  laugh 
wth?      annoyed 
just found some purple eyeliner      laugh 
it's really cold outside      annoyed 
well that e playful lains it    laugh 
hugs are great smile 
ouch     crying 
"apple seems to have scrapped the idea of a new children's ipod     appearently, itouch kids was not an appropriate name     hahaha"
in a great mood  smile 
"thanks to the middle schoolers an their stupid dance, i got home half an hour early lol  laugh "
like this status and i'll post a truth is on your wall  smile 
hyper!!  laugh 
closer to the edge by thirty seconds to mars is the greatest song ever  laugh 
well that's lame      sad 
some people just need to get a life and stop trying to steal mine!  sad 
snow makes me happy smile 
well this weekend is going to suck     annoyed 
woke up at 7:15   
working outside in cold weather  annoyed 
hope you feel better soon  sad 
finally done with chores!  laugh 
"wow    don't say you love each other, you've only been dating for two days, stop lying"
my ipod just froze for like 10 minutes and it scared the crap out of me  sad 
woah      laugh 
"got my ipod back, quit stealing it <propfirst>! jk lol  laugh "
"fall in love or fall in hate  get inspired or get depressed  ace a test or fail a test  speak the truth or lie and cheat  dance on a table or sit in a corner  breathe or laugh  or both, who cares? life is divine chaos so embrace it or fear it  but remember to just enjoy the hopeless roller-coaster ride that it is "
i'm gonna miss you today  annoyed 
"i <propfemale> mosher, solemnly swear to act totally retarded with my sister <propfemale> thompson this weekend  laugh  haha"
no one is ever in a great mood when i am  annoyed 
"you're not perfect and neither am i  nor do i want to be perfect, and i hope you don't either  i don't want you to be perfect and you probably don't want me to be  but you're perfect in the sense that your perfect for me  smile "
i'm happy  smile )
spending another night at <propfemale>'s  laugh 
8 14 10 smile 
this morning-  laugh      now-  crying 
"you're gonna catch a cold, from the ice inside your soul "
my ipod is so stupid! the date on it is january 13     1980! wtf? and it says it's 4:46 am   
maybe going to the rock tomorrow?  smile 
thinking     smile 
going to the play saturday with lynnifer  laugh 
really really happy!!  laugh 
listening to my dad play guitar smile 
super excited for saturday  laugh 
like this and i'll tell you what i like and dislike about you  smile 
gotta love the intelligent people of <propfemale>   
not having my ipod really sucks  crying 
i don't want today to be the last day of school this week     annoyed       yesterday was great  smile 
fantastic contraption is the greatest game ever!!  laugh  there's even an app for it  playful 
it's cold outside  smile 
can't wait for saturday  smile )
oh   my     god     shut up! > sad 
"taking a nap, just so i can get away from the annoyance of certain people  smile "
i feel bipolar   
mashed potatoes = heaven on earth  smile )
cjforster'sgir laugh 
woke up at 7 surprise 0  smile 
today was amazing  smile )
i wish it was monday     smile 
just spent an hour looking at old year books lol  smile 
nap time  smile 
well this is new   
 sad 
had a pretty awesome day  smile )
there's snow on the ground  laugh 
i was locked out side of my house cause no one was home       for almost an hour!! i'm literally frozen  crying 
i think i left my favorite sweat shirt at the rock on tuesday  crying  this day just keeps getting worse  sad (
welcome to the new déjá vu
you're such a hypocrite  annoyed 
"half of today sucked,  annoyed  but the other half was great  smile "
well that was weird     ouch  sad 
i found my sweatshirt!!  laugh  lol i felt like a ditz when i found out where it was   
hanging with corey smile 
since everyone keeps asking     all i want for christmas is cookies!      and you  smile )
pretty great day with <propfirst>  smile 
thinking about yesterday  smile )
today is weird
ignorance is bliss  wink 
some memories i remember   and some i don't    and the ones i don't remember are the best of them all  
i just sliced my arm open     real smart   
"i don't want to listen to your shit, everyone hates you and you know it so shut your mouth already  annoyed "
stupid ipod    get the hell out of 1980 before i fricking smash you! > sad 
listening to music and trying not to punch her in the mouth  smile 
gettin fat off pizza  laugh 
<propfirst>'s here  smile 
fuck this! lmao    stupid ipod!
"this world revolves around energy, not you "
it's a bit cold  
really tired    annoyed 
maybe you can't come over tomorrow?      annoyed 
issues  annoyed 
watching my favorite movie  smile 
yayy!!  laugh 
it seems like it's been a lot longer than 90 days     smile 
i've been saved from the insanity!  laugh 
well my insanity saviors couldn't stay for long     annoyed 
a lot has happened in 2010
listening to my dad play guitar again  smile )
everyone else's heartbreak makes me miss you even more  annoyed         sunday get here already
even heroes have the right to bleed
 sad 
definitely not in the mood for talking to anyone else  annoyed 
<propfirst>'s here!!  laugh  now im not all depressed anymore  smile )
haha    'guilty look'  laugh 
i think i'm gonna try and save money for a new ipod     smile 
well there's 75 out of 229  
i feel lazy    annoyed 
dork  smile 
"i got nine hours of sleep last night, and took a three hour nap today  smile  somehow i'm still tired     annoyed "
just found a bunch of my old favorite music  laugh 
we've only got a hundred years to live smile 
"don't like your own status, obviously you like it because you posted it "
you're a moron 
 smile )
really tired  
awkward  
well that's awesome  laugh 
and yet here's another extremely lazy day   
you're cute  smile 
thinking of ways to get $104    
i fail at trying to fly a mini helicopter   
orange pop + lemon heads = my dinner  laugh 
mashed potatoes make my world go round  laugh 
ha   this is so screwy  playful 
headache    annoyed 
i miss that day  smile 
what a gloomy day    annoyed 
"dear computer, stop being mean and i'll stop swearing at you  smile "
how many times do you have to poke me? - -           smile 
that was so scary   
i don't want to say goodbye to 2010  sad 
what is wrong with you?  smile 
oh my god!! d:!!!
tee tee kae you're my shortie ho! smile 
well this is stupid  sad 
"\quit vacillating! you're gonna get hit you pinhead!\"" haha i love you dad  smile """
the movie the a-team is funny as hell lmao
<propfirst> forster needs to get on facebook like right now  playful 
well i guess this is how today ends     annoyed 
at lynnifer's!  laugh 
"missing, like a ghost  sad "
blahhh kinda bored and kinda hyper! so  sad     smile 
lifesavers smile 
i fucking hate you 
i literally had to jump into the snow just now
lmao i love you <propfemale> <propfemale> thompson!!  laugh 
someone should call me  wink 
chores   all day      fun  annoyed 
cookies make a horrible day seem so much better  laugh 
naptime smile 
bored     annoyed 
dancing games on the xbox kinect are epic  laugh 
yay! i get to spend more than two hours with you tomorrow  laugh  that is if my big mouth doesn't ruin it     smile 
getting super fat off french fries  laugh 
lost part of my ipod case  sad 
hahaha  laugh 
great day  smile ) now i'm hoping that i can go to <propfemale>'s tomorrow   
yay!  laugh 
that was fun  laugh  27 hours awake and now i can't even walk straight  laugh 
need    sleep     annoyed 
haha i'm making funny faces at a baby  laugh 
great weekend  laugh 
what a wonderful day  
kinda do and don't want a snow day tomorrow   
maybe it is true    annoyed 
a smile is starting to creep on my face  smile 
"good day, but kinda lonely   "
haha i love being small smile 
"three words, i hate you  two thoughts, you're annoying and stupid  one meaning, go die in a canadian ditch!  smile "
pretty sweet day  smile 
finally gonna be in p e  next week  laugh 
"put this as your status and see what color you get    blue= best friends, red= i love you, pink= your cute, green= funny, black= you scare me, purple= i like you, white= i use to like you annoyed "
i just found and 8lb bag of tator tots in the freezer!!!!!  laugh 
take the last 2 digits of the year you were born and add the age you will be this year and it will equal 111  
woo! awesome day today  laugh  going skating tomorrow  surprise  hope i don't fall too many times lol   
woke up and i was at emilys house    and it took me a minute to remember that i came over here lol
"watching <propmale> with mom and sissy, and getting ready for skating  smile "
left my ipod at <propfemale>'s    no music till wednesday  crying 
just remembered what tuesday is smile 
you and me baby ain't nothin but mammals so let's do it like they do on the discovery channel smile  haha i love that song  laugh 
in a really smiley mood!  smile )
too      much     <propfemale>     annoyed 
i can't tell you something i know you don't want to know
suddenly not tired anymore     smile )
i hate falling asleep une playful ectedly  annoyed 
damn it!  sad 
pancakes?(;
can we skip tomorrow and go sraight to tuesday?  smile 
i keep getting virtually poked - -
<propfirst> forster is afraid of chat messages o 0
watching a great movie smile 
there's nothing to do    annoyed 
yes or no? tell me the answer already!  playful 
well my hopes of that happening just got sat on  annoyed 
haha my dad's laptop is like a blowdryer  laugh 
i seriously hate you 
can you just die already and rid my life of your bullshit?
can't wait for february 22!  smile )
the fake bitch i live with won't shut up     and my plan of going to sleep so she will is not working     annoyed 
"hey mommy dearie, there's a little thing in this world called karma    and i hear it's a bitch(;"
headache  
"watching the other guys, and ignoring the world  smile "
"if i were a lion and you were a tuna, i would go out of my way to swim into the ocean to kill you!  laugh "
sweet!  smile )
pretty pretty please don't you ever ever feel like you're less than fuckin perfect  smile 
 laugh 
had an amazing day  smile  i'm sorry daddy  crying 
bored     i miss you  annoyed 
today is stupid 
this happens every time    annoyed 
had an awesome day with <propfirst>  smile )
i never thought i'd say this but     i love you nutella!!     don't judge me  playful 
most likely not gonna have school tomorrow    annoyed 
i wonder what nutella would be like if it was frozen    o 0
no school  crying 
"not in a very good mood, and i don't even know why  annoyed "
the snow around my house is almost 3 4 my height  sad 
it's only been two and a half hours?  annoyed  today is going by so slow!!
"it's all quiet in my house, then my brother decides to watch a movie about dinosaurs  "
no school again? really?  annoyed 
why does the phone's battery always have to die?    annoyed 
way to go    playful 
i like you  smile 
oh   my    gawd! that's messed up   d:
school tomorrow  laugh 
my dad bought world of warcraft    - -
"well today was interesting  it was good, then bad, then good and then bad again    and then it was good again lol  smile )"
can't wait for tomorrow  smile )
insult after insult    
showing my dad how to use facebook lol  laugh 
oh god  
"went to the movies with <propfirst> forster, sweet day? i think so  smile )"
that's awkward    
tee tee kae you better be spending the night friday! ho! smile 
facebook is being stupid 
making a cd for pe class lol
i might be getting a droid x!!  laugh 
i think i might put my hair up tomorrow for once   haven't done that since last july lol  playful 
i reallllllyy wanna go to bed    but my dumbass brother won't get out of the damn shower! > sad 
razors are so evil!!
my ankle won't stop bleeding > sad 
i need a nap   
not cool dad!    not! cool! > playful 
lost my ipod  sad 
finally found my ipod!!  laugh 
???
this is stupid  sad 
lame weekend    again  
 crying 
could really use a hug   but no one's fucking here!  sad 
there's so much water in my eyes that i can see my heartbeat  
"everytime i'm happy, something bad always happens   always  annoyed "
"\don't be sad get glad  laugh \"" _sean halas this made my day so much better  smile """
i don't want these memories anymore if they keep making me feel like this  sad 
 smile ?
never punch something with a hard surface   common sense should have told me that > sad 
walking to the rock later with <propfemale> because we have nothing better to do lol
you will never find somebody like me smile 
that e playful lains so much  smile  thanks  smile 
this could either be really really good    or really really bad   lol  wink 
happy    like really    really happy!  laugh 
well this was just bad timing  
you never talk to me anymore    annoyed 
i'd like it if the clouds could keep their dandruff to themselves   
realllllyy wanting a snowday tomorrow for once  
feeling accomplished! smile 
thanks to no school    i'm going sledding!!(;
this is the greatest snow day in a long time smile 
going to my favorite person's house in a little bit! smile )
gonna get my hair dyed on friday   i'm sick of it looking like crap!!  playful 
had an amazing day!!(;
talking to my favorite person(;
i need a new profile picture    smile 
yet another great day smile 
don't be a hypocrite and get mad  when you're practically doing the same thing!   please?  
thanks mom   you know i didn't ask to be brought here  you could at least be nice and act like you're not about to push me into a train if there was one near here > sad 
talking to you makes everything better smile 
you're too perfect to be mine  smile 
getting my hair dyed  laugh 
can't wait for tomorrow!  wink 
i just noticed that i accidentally left my hair straightener on for 10 hours straight today!! d: i hope i didn't break it lol     oops   
so   as soon as i get out of all the drama     i gotta start helping with everyone else's?    no!! i'm taking a break!  i'm happy and not annoyed with people for once   let's try and keep it that way  ok? thanks  smile 
what reason caused this to happen?   
i've said it before   and i still stand by it   happiness never lasts long with me  annoyed 
what a sh**ty day    but   you made it better smile 
<propfemale>
happy ending smile  to a horrible day    
this weekend is    strange  that's all i'm gonna say  
you  what?  woah  that's like         wow     smile 
this faceless enemy needs to leave 
i gotta say   being called a whore by half the school is kind of entertaining   they don't know me and they call me that   you're all morons   you might as well just shut up  cause honestly i just think it's funny  when  aren't you trying to make me mad? lol smile 
i love people lol(;
spent the day with we all know who  wink  and got some new pictures of us   but then i lost my camera somewhere in his house lol  smile 
grow up   that's all i'm gonna say   and don't be a hypocrite either
watching happy tree friends lol can't wait for friday smile 
in the past few weeks   something interesting has happened   i've cried  but  not for being sad   but happy  i'm so friggin happy that i've cried several times! that's never happened before  i feel special lol  smile 
haven't stopped smiling for almost a month straight   and just wow  i'm not used to it lol  smile 
"i'm different   everyone knows that  no one is like me  and i love it  i'm me  it's who i'll always be   i'm never going to change   sure i still need to \grow up\"" but even though i may be a little different  i'm still gonna be me  and i'll especially never change for you   if you don't like me for who i am that's your problem  luckily for me  you don't have this problem    smile """
everyone's frivolous tries to get to me are making me laugh so hard it's ridiculous   and you're all completely serious too! hahahahahahaha  laugh 
drama   it never ends   ever 
i'm considering deleting my facebook   cause i don't really use it anymore   so it's fairly pointless   well  it's pointless in the first place lol
at emilys smile  night number 2!! lol
i'm the only one that knows the real you smile 
i just got a 21 <propfemale> text    :')
on the phone smile 
that was one short summer   lol
isn't drinking three monsters at one time bad for you?   lol
reeaalllyyy missing you      annoyed 
itunest won't let me get any apps or music   > sad 
great day with trevor! smile 
even fool's gold has its shine  
eating my favorite cereal    rice chex!!!  laugh 
you're dumb
i'm a horrible person    annoyed 
so   the first time i played black ops   i shot <propmale> in the face lol  laugh 
getting my hair cut in like an hour! smile  any ideas?   otherwise idk what im gonna do with it lol
got my hair cut!  laugh 
sigh      truly loving life lately smile 
thunder during a snow storm   that's new lol smile 
it's funny how the simple act of you breathing annoys the fuck out of me   
why delay an action your feelings cause you to do?   smile 
cat wait for tomorrow smile 
yesterday was the single greatest day ever   !! smile 
so   tired      sad 
can i move out yet?   i'm sick of living with that insane    well  you guys all know what she is   
people   
it needs to be tommorow  like now smile 
compared to how much i like you   it's like i hate everybody else   
you're a tard   smile 
i'm just that awesome     smile 
