601d5757f09fa3e60f44b409620eac5b
oh great   the powdered milk song again!
facebook deactivated my other account   sad 
"exciting news!!!!   i attended the rotary youth high school foriegn exchange program interviews this weekend   after getting nervous, 2 1 2 hours of interviews, and giving a speech i was accepted!!!!"
is definitely not getting an iphone   *sad*  but will get an ipod of some sort   *happy*  my christmas present to me!
hope i get the new piano piece done for the recital     will you be there mallorie ast?
"so, the universal cry for snow didn't work   how about it getting above 50 degrees so i don't have to <propfemale> buckets of water "
"interview over, now time for a piano recital that i am not ready for "
yay for christmas break!!!!
why is it when everything is going fine and then bam! they throw this giant chord at you and no matter how you look at it you can't seem to play it? how big do they think my hand is!?!  (in regard to piano)
shamira has been sold!!!!
<propfemale> just ran into a door   
what am i going to do tomorrow?
if only all that rain had been snow       sad 
"should i cut my hair short again?  yes, i know it is already short   smile    i saw someone at woods with a pixie cut and it made me want to chop it all off!"
baking cookies
<propfemale> got an apple laptop   i am so jealous!!
watching snl 
<propfemale> gave me an itunes card   what are some of your favorite songs??
going to build a snow fort!!
watching naked gun
we went sledding   bad part:  the <propfirst> got stuck 
went to kc today!
playing pictionary   my team is winning!   smile 
"tomorrow:  horse judging meeting at 2 surprise 0, hippology meeting at 4 smile 0, and working the booth at the park   come by and keep me company    smile "
no school!!!!  watching home videos   how embarrassing   : )
no school!
"monday off, 2 days on, and 4 days off   i can get used to this!!"
"that's right, they need to break us in easy   we have gotten pretty unruly in 2 weeks    smile "
deer in the headlights    literally!
i am going to <propmale>y!!!  anyone know of any good <propmale> language programs?
is going to watch 30rock!!!
it's snowing!!!!
i am addicted to praan! (song by <propmale> schyman)  i play it over and over on my ipod as well as on the piano 
going to choir practice   lalala  smile 
jr  team is going to state in horse bowl!!!
act today     what fun
"there is trouble in mind, there is dark, there is dark and there is light, lay your hands over my eyes, as i look deep, through valleys deep and wide, across the boarderline for the empire in my mind   "
going to columbia!!
thinking she might actually go ride   
i didn't answer any questions about anybody!!!  facebook you are making me mad    lol
"rain rain go away, go ruin someone else's life for a change   "
making a bracelet    i haven't done this in ages!!  lol
woohoo!! 2nd place with my beer bottle artwork!  lol
lovely headaches      sad 
why do i have to feel so guilty???
found another song to annoy my family with   ymca!!!!   smile 
my brain is slightly impaired from lack of sleep   it is wonderful not to be quite so uptight   
getting my hair cut!
"well that was a short, powerful rain shower    "
"funny how when something suddenly happens you can think of 5 complete sentences in a second    for example, when a horse falls   "
going to watch <propfemale> at her wax museum!!
<propfemale> has an amazing voice!!!!!!!!!!
wishes i could quit feeling like this   its been years   i'm tired of it
sigh   
really?  thank you itunes for deleting all of my songs   
lovely   a chicken just got attacked 
"i stay up late doing homework, but i'm always up the latest with <propmale>    smile "
"it seems superficial, but in actuality so deep"
i miss jump rope and <propfemale>   sad 
playing 21 guns!!!!
"had a good day   i played while <propfemale> sang 21 guns, jumped rope again, and there was another very good thing, but i am not going to tell!   smile "
aaahhh the feeling of summer!    smile 
i look at people's status and come up with really sarcastic comments    but of course i never write them
 sad 
that thunder was awesome!!!  just makes you stand back in amazement over nature's power!
"silly, silly boy  that is not what you are looking for  see, over there--now that is the flying dutchman   smile "
"hey, if your a horse judger the wall is your best friend! yes, we do look like idiots to those that don't know, but that is how you win  that wall is most likely what your reason listener will do to you   stare you down, trying to make you break  however, since we all know that they do this, the best way to shake us up is to actually be nice  smile "
watching m*a*s*h!
what to make for dinner    
i have only been awake for a couple of hours and already i want today to be over 
going to ride mia and give lessons!
had a very good day   first one in a while    i rode twice (yes my legs are rather raw and my butt bones hurt!)  threaded seed beads without a needle (yes i am also insane!)  and made ice cream  good day   smile 
"of course that good day couldn't last long   back to the feelings of hopelessness, shame, and guilt    sad "
hi im <propfirst> lol hanging out with <propfirst> now we are bored together yay lol
what kind of ice cream should i make?
lovely   i just had a spider crawling on me 
i get to play at <propfemale>'s wedding!!!!!!!
"i hate it when someone calls the wrong number and they don't even have the courtesy to say \bye\""   they just <propfemale> up right in your ear """
the best way to start a day   with a headache
well i guess i am going to ride   
now i'm sweaty and dirty   the joys of horses   smile 
arabian website quit screwing up already!!!
i'm going to ride   lets hope mia is better and not worse from yesterday   
well done babysitting   lessons tomorrow morning   i guess i should get some sleep
what should i do?  can i handle it?
"yay!!!  the outbound camp has a piano!!!  i was getting worried, because i don't really have any other talents   "
going to ride at the arena and help my 4-h kids 
well i had a good ride on mia   3rd one   lets hope this is a consistent occurrence   
teaching always makes me feel happy   smile 
my doggie is sooo soft!
storm go away   i don't want to turn off this computer!  lol
well all that rain is going to screw up lessons    sad 
<propfemale> get up already!!!!  i want to play my song!!!!!
wishing i had answers 
"well i finally have my license   mom, you can quit nagging me now"
going to bushwhacker   
writing a speech   
going to a wedding   
i am screwed   
off to camp!!!!  be back on thursday    
 smile 
writing thank you notes 
watching butch <propfemale> and the sundance kid!
i am starving!
going to see toy story 3
watching the sting!!!
"don't you just hate it when you want to go to sleep so your mind will blank out and you can't???  there is only one way to get out of this mess   i will keep fighting, but it is getting old "
i have been so tired lately and i don't know why   
i feel so left out not following the world cup   
jesus came to the americas to preach to the indians    
i am going to miss state fair  sad 
ich bin glücklich!
es ist heiß außerhalb!
"okay <propmale> people!  what is \was\"" in <propmale>???"""
transformers war gut!  (lets hope that is right!)
"google translator talks to you???  now that, ladies and gentlemen, is truly amazing!!!"
thank you <propfemale> for making my room smell sweet and fruity   not
why have my tall boots been giving me sores lately???
pferd!!!!!
giving a lesson then back to the feelings of being trapped while hopefully accomplishing something 
"off to watch super-teen!!!!  (girls, smash those eggs hard!)"
well this sucks  it is supposed to rain most of today and probably tomorrow too   mother nature: why do you always have to rain on the horse show???  are we your favorite to torment???
i am going to regret staying up this late tomorrow     
writing thank you notes and still not tired     eeerrrrggggg!!!!!!
horse show went very well!!!  i'm so happy!!!!!  mia did excellent!!!   smile 
i get to show at state fair!!!!!!!!!
haha the rain missed the horse show!!   laugh 
okay rain you can stop now   the trailer is going to flood   sad 
it's raining!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to watch slumdog millionaire!!!
was sick half the night    sad 
enjoy your life as a kid as it all goes down hill the older you get 
itunes works again!!!!!!!!!!!!
"great, now my computer won't eject my cd!!!!!!"
i love district 6110!!!!!!!!!!!!!
37 more days till germany!!!!!!
mom stuck me with needles!!!  playful 
going to see inception!!!
is sweaty and dirty from horses!   smile 
so mom streaked my hair     but also tiger striped my scalp in the process     
going to a scrye conference!!!!!
it is 6 smile 0      
"i will never get there   no matter how hard i try, it will never be reached   it can't be in my life span   it is not physically or mentally possible   i can only hope to bring myself a little closer "
state fair tomorrow!!!  i'm pumped!!!!!   laugh 
not leaving for state fair until around 6pm   sad 
bathing horses in a thunderstorm    
<propfemale> won horsemanship!!!!!   laugh 
mia got 5th in showmanship!!!!!!!!
lessons today!
got a like new purple gap cardigan for 50 cents!!!  best find of the decade!!!  laugh 
is in a dress skirt mood   
feels sick    sad 
going to see salt!!!!
just got my rotary blazer!!!!!!
going swimming!!!
so should i get the picture of shamira with her tongue sticking out or the one with her on the rail in horsemanship?
"\now that's a horse that will make you start talking to yourself \""  so true """
off to a rotary meeting!!!
"11 days before i leave!!!!  if anyone wants to <propfemale> out, let me know as i am running out of time!"
"just spent 45 <propfemale>  chopping pecans, because the first batch burnt to a crisp!  now my thumb hurts    sad "
mind over matter 
going to see the other guy with <propfirst> <propfemale> phillips!!!
7 days!!!!   laugh 
why do i get motivated to do things at night?
euros!!!!!  they are so colorful!   laugh 
just got my hair cut!!!  i love short hair!!!!!   laugh 
is going to regret staying up this late tomorrow   
sometimes i just want to rip it out and trade it for a new one   
"everyone is in school, but me   "
just got back from picking up franziska from the airport!!!   laugh 
going to skip and <propfemale>'s wedding!!!
<propfemale> just fell off the bed!
so <propfemale> just rode mia   
2 more days!!!!!
last day!!!!
"for my last meal in <propfemale>, i had chinese   "
be back in a year!  hopefully   
off to the airport!!!
"aaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   haha no,  it's amazing here!!!!!!  \i arrived safely and everything is fine \host family and friend are cool and my room is awesome!!!!  \i will post pictures later   \i love germany!!!  very pretty    laugh "
well i've been up for like 35 hours now so sleep is greatly needed   i can't function without delays haha   night all
i got some sleep!!!   laugh 
"ke$ha, really guys???  haha"
day 3   
just took a walk in the rain!!!!!   laugh 
still trying to master walking down the wooden stairs in socks without falling   
i feel short    sad 
my times are still screwed up   i am staying up until 3am every night    
"first day of school, kinda    i only went for 3 hours   i am trying out different grades and will know what my schedule is next week "
has a sore throat 
going to meet another incoming exchange student and my second host family!!!
has a cold     sad 
still trying to find the less squeaky parts of this house   
everyone is so surprised i am only 16 and on an exchange    
"\i'm the girl that hides her pain with a smile to brighten everyone else's day \""  random quote"""
"so, i ate my first horse sausage today   "
why are the fei world equestrian games leaving europe for the first time and coming to the states when i'm in germany?!?
i miss riding    sad 
had a great time with all the löwes in the the netherlands this weekend!   smile 
leaving for a wedding in croatia (?)  tomorrow!!!   laugh 
perfect day for a walk run    smile 
had my first riding lesson today!   laugh 
"we judge others, because we have not yet walked in their shoes "
schnee!!!   laugh 
"finally,  a white christmas!   laugh "
gave up   it's too hard to draw after drinking coffee lol
dad passed away this morning  i love him with all my heart and will never forget him  he was such a remarkable person  truly no words can describe who he was  may he finally be at peace  ?
home!!!
going to see <propfemale>'s show choir performance!
"going to ride my pony, mia    smile "
going to see <propfemale> cheer!!!
fever   sad 
just got my math books!  yay!!  haha
i finished 4 math lessons today!!!  only 121 more to go!
"covered in a mound of blankets   five to be exact along with fleece pj's,  yeah  i'm still sick "
i want nutella   
"for a small, plastic jar of nutella it costs $3 33!  this is a rip-off!!!!"
ncis marathon!!!   laugh 
"screw the super bowl, i'm going for a walk "
going to kc for prom dress shopping and a hair appointment!!
best day in a long time   smile 
making cookies with <propfemale>   smile 
why won't my lip stop bleeding??  it has been like 30 <propfemale> already!
"made steak cubes, covered in mushrooms, onions, and blue cheese with asparagus    smile "
regional horse bowl competition today!
making pumpkin muffins with cream cheese frosting   smile 
can't sleep   annoyed 
"was going to ride, but it got dark too fast   sad "
ride mia or go to a talent show thingy    
maybe i should get up and finish the cake i started   
bonfires and a cool day   smile 
all i want to do right now is play the piano 
"has come to the conclusion that she doesn't like afternoons   they aren't the productive mornings or the calm nights   merely, a space to be filled until your mind centers itself again "
the most valuable thing you'll ever earn is trust 
is going to disappear into the depths of darkness 
loving this weather   smile 
perfection is never attained by a perfectionist 
it's snowing!!!!   laugh 
kansas city today!!!
is very proud of all her horse judgers today   smile 
not tired 
wishes she meant something to someone 
and the war within continues   crying 
"love all, trust a few, do wrong to none   ~william shakespeare"
