50823406d9c0506fed47f7033bcb4fd8
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes  it means a lot to me  happy new year!
my phone died  sorry bec lol
11 smile 0?! im going to bed
i think i like this facebook thing 
just finished 18 holes     you don't want to know
"wow, i still have to read all that stuff for ap  that sucks"
"k, it's great that people like songs and find meaning in them, but why do they have to put the lyrics up on facebook? i'm so confused by this!"
"glad fair is over, things are looking up"
its all rainbows and butterflies right now
it's 9 smile 0  why am i awake?
i don't know bc im sooo confused
<propfemale> garden today      awesome    i love breadsticks
anybody else get screwed on their  schedules?
"<propfemale> kiefer has issues, but the good kind     lol"
where is everyone? don't they know its still summer?
"when life gives you lemons, make lemonade  but what do you do when life gives you a cranky mother?"
terrible night at work    made 10 bucks
"no more work this week, plan on sending summer off with a bang! boom"
ahhhh     <propfemale> love hewitt     ghost whisperer reruns never get old lol
"back from the lake, work tonight, school tomorrow!!??"
"ok, there is no way hundey has 750 friends  he's not that likable  lol"
i just got a twitter      i feel dirty    
i only work thursday and sunday this week  awesome
"wow, stats is boooooooooooring "
going to the range 2nite! then <propfirst> b's  wooh!
did you all get a special message about facebook lite? or should i feel special?
"home from work, it was a good night  gonna try to get some sleep tonight  bad dream last night   "
ruck fitchmond
dentist today     ewwwwww 
just ate blue <propfemale> ice cream     you should see my face lol
"attention: all high school males  um, i signed up for powderpuff cheerleading and no one else did so, who wants to help? free belly shirts    !"
work at 5 and still tons of homework 
ohhh boyy!!!   except not because i have to work lol
still haven't found my mp3 player      been 2 weeks  any used ipods for sale? lol
"isn't motivated enough to do \preventive\"" homework  (it would prevent me from being pissed tomorrow night)"""
"ok, spent lunch with the ladies today    girls minds are wayyyy more perverted than guys  i actually almost vomited up my chicken sandwich    "
i love cha cha!!!!!!!!!!
"wow, does anyone else have a huge case of \senioritis\""?"""
's parrot just took a chunk out of his finger     
this was just a terrible night     no ice cream and no purple drank!!!
"well, the first officail friday    feels so nice         "
"wowwww, i hate football, especially when the bears win, and even more when farve wins!"
i wish facebook chat actually worked
"gotta work tonight, come visit me and give me your $$$$ ! ! lol"
"\every step you took left a footprint on my heart\"" anyone else know that song?"""
i'll sum up another sleepless night with a song    flake - <propfirst> <propmale>
"it's funny how life treats us sometimes  on one hand, theres sooo many things to enjoy, to love  but on  the other theres darkness, and it takes some time and work to find the lightswitch  i just hope i find it soon  lol"
"sucha crappy day, but i think i like it? anyone else lay awake and listen to the storm this morning?"
"tired, annoyed, blissful  funny combination huh? night all"
"if i were a bird, i think i'd wanna be a hummingbird  they fly realllly fast   and on that note    night all"
"ummm, it's homecoming!!! but the rain kinda sucks   "
loves saturdays  theres just something about having to do nothing ya know? ahhhhhh     
ithankyou
"hate school, hate work, but im lovin' life right nowww"
not enough time in the day
"ahahahahaha, wow, sucha good night now  you donnnn't wanna know  ahahahahaha"
"whoever stole my balls off the senior homecoming float, please give them back     please"
busy day today    
wow wow we wow
great night  has anyone watched vampire diaries? it's actually pretty intriguing       
loss to portland tonight     but apparently my umbrella is a chick magnet lol
thanks for returning my balls!!!!! but i'm locking them on the jeep now lol
thanks for giving my balls back!!!!! but they're gettin locked on the jeep now lol
ohhhh yesssss - bout to dig into the biggest bowl of ice cream i've ever made myself  smile )
oops i forgot to log off on becca's laptop! hehehe   
"alright, i'm looking for some input  let's start a list of the best songs of this year "
"okay, the last list got a bit off topic lol  music input wanted here "
tomorrows gonna suck  sarurday school to blakes to big boy        why? lol
"(630): she ordered a salad and a budweiser  i love her   ahahahahahaha, this guy must be from armada"
"ahahaha, i have no picture!!! (i think)"
happy holidays     ahahaha http annoyed  elfyourself jibjab com view z1gbfsjar9le8xurvcsr
interesting day so far    
i was gonna type stuff for *insert name of exam here*  but i really couldn't care less
 smile  good day after a great night  i love november
awww man  i love apple dumplings      so sad  sad 
wow if you have sprint - get rid of it 
hmmmm  i think i feel a snow day coming on lol
swine flu     i think i'm immune lol
done with foster's project! its fricken sweet
is no longer employed    
i think i might be on the verge of contracting swine     uh oh happy holidays lol
"ahahahaha, i love christmas       "
i have to ride the bus tomorrow morning for the first time in 2 years       <propmale> dislike
"ahhhhh, christmas break        joyful "
"ahhhhh,  still christmas break  joyful "
best christmas ever- hands down
hmmm  new years <propfemale>     why is it on a friday this year? that sucks soooooo bad  see <propfemale>rybody in school monday lol
"thanks for the birthday wishes guys, very successful birthday"
"okay    if facebook won't give us a dislike button, how bout a \heavy sigh\"" button?"""
"hmmmmm, i think i just ate some bad meat     let's hope that goes alright  lol"
i'm not writing a sonnett mr  <propmale>     you can't make me lol
ohhh facebook     has it really been 9 days?
thinkin about givin up on farmville      )`: it's sad
aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"so, track practice       i actually lost the ability to see colors for a bit"
"sooo, anybody else workin on their <propmale> paper?  ha"
ahhhhhhhh spring break in full swing  feels good
spilled diesel all over myself   sad 
2 weeks of school left      tons of final papers due  sad 
"just got back from europe last night, posting pics asap"
placement tests today     > sad 
tooo many parties today!! a little communication poeple! lol
i love my basement     so cold       joyful 
grad party hasn't even started yet and i'm already exhausted lol
work at 6am     and im still on facebook lol  night all
"watching pirate radio\it's awesome"
"goodbye guys, and good luck at college  i'll be here       at macomb       not central      \lol see you at break time  wink "
"fox news, thank you for giving family guy so much to work with "
so      first day at macomb and so far i'm pretty lucky - all of my teachers so far speak fluent english lol
"post some cool songs, i'm getting bored with my current collection  smile "
really starting to miss seeing you all everyday
just had my blood pressure taken by 6 nursing students while i was checking my email  gotta love macomb
soooo tired of the whole work school sleep thing  it's like someone else is running my life but i'm footing the <propmale> lol
register for classes      7am? whyyyyyyy?  sad 
first facebook post in a looong time  see you guys at work tomorrow lol
