4ee528bdbf9a4bfc4ec9dea0fe5fe84f
graduation on may 9th! party on the 8th!
last day at my internship  sad 
"school's out for-ever! (for me anyway; well, until i go for my masters in two years)"
almost time for <propfemale>'s baby shower  don't forget to rsvp!
manatee or pinellas?
i thought when school was over i wouldn't be so stressed out  silly me 
we bought a house!
my niece is coming!!!!
"one dog is enough, maybe 2  never have more than that"
closing date! november 20th
all the way across the skyway and i forgot my ss card  got to go back  sad 
"isn'tit funny how life sometimes feels like a movie? i'm home alone, i just investigated a strange noise, and i am about to take a shower  cue <propfirst> bates"
<propfemale> is in the hospital 
she should be ok
my hubby is in md and i am crazy bored 
<propmale>'s flight just came in now we have to wait for his luggage  the workers couldn't get all the bags off the plane because of lightning  stupid florida
this morning i walked straight into a spider web! they're out to get me!
"hall of fame game! football, i have missed you "
the past two days have been tough but i've got hope for tomorrow
"yep, it was a better day! thanks for the hugs guys  smile "
i just got carded buying robitussin  my students are going to think i'm one of them!
take your bad day  add your car breaking down  add waiting for a tow truck for 3 hours in 90 degree weather  add diarrhea  then add a thunderstorm  welcome to the beginning of the school year 
"danger prone daphney does it again! this time a hit and run car accident  i'm ok, just frustrated with my bad week "
hail to the redskins!
"<propmale> and i went to see the house today  the tile was put in and the counters are in! and, we met our new neighbor and he seems nice  smile "
"back to school night! tired and hungry, but very rewarding to meet some parents  smile "
closing early! we'll do a walk-through on the finished house on oct  28th and then close on nov  4th  then you know what's next    house warming party!!!
what a beautiful day! the best part is i actually get to enjoy it! i am down to just one prep at work now so i am spending less time planning  life is good 
sunshine and football; my two favorite things 
i'm so excited!!!!!!! next week we have our walk-through and then the week after we move in!!!!
just got an <propmale> for my classroom! now how to make all the wires on my desk look better   
record day was great! a whole day to get caught up!
just did the walk-through and things look great! now we're off to buy furniture  hopefully we won't have to sit on crates to watch tv 
spent the whole day reflecting on the past  we cleaned out the garage this morning and then talked with an old friend for hours  i am proud of the choices i have made to get me this far 
overwhelmed
moving day!
"ok, \moving day\"" turned into \""moving weekend\"" and honestly it feels like its going to be \""moving week \"" who knew i had so much crap?"""
i had a pretty sweet day  i attended my first sac meeting as the faculty representative and i joined a kickball team!
wow  i just left work and i arrived at 7:15  wish i had all week off like pinellas county 
happy tofurky day!
"wow, chivalry isn't dead!"
"busy friday ahead! i get off work at 4, there is a retirement party for a professor from 4-6, picking up my bff at the airport around 6, and kickball at 7 smile 0! life is good  smile "
what a great day yesterday! he went to breakfast with <propfemale> and then <propmale> surprised me with tickets to the trans siberian orchestra and dinner!
wow  i am officially embarrassed to be a redskins fan 
i can't wait for <propmale> to open his christmas present! he's going to love it  all i have to do now is resist giving it to him early  smile 
"cozy warm on the couch, watching some great christmas movies  i'm not ashamed to admit it, i love home alone! <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
"flu symtoms, oh no!"
"thanks everybody!!! aww, i feel loved!"
wow  i just search my symptoms on webmd and the bubonic plague came up as a possibility 
wooo! #1seed in kickball!
"i'm thinking of going vegan  i'm not sure that i can live without cheese, but i might give it a go "
"wow, it's been a long week and its only wednesday! when is spring break?"
i love 3 day weekends  smile 
wow  i have actually used up all of the disc space on my work computer  i have never done that before 
what an awesome day!
i lost my cell phone 2 days ago  i was washing the dog outside and had my phone sitting on the spare tire on my car  <propmale> took the car to pick up dinner and i think the phone was still on that spare tire  how sad an ending for my new phone!
"does anybody know if <propfemale> ever gets with <propmale>? or is she going to marry mr  crawford? please help, i can't take the suspense!"
i can't keep my eyes open 
"we waited at the school until 6 for buses  i wanted rain, but i've had my fill "
