83da77fb371725b44613b7c6654f2048
it feels like home to me       smile 
i've got a feelin      
more than words
"some people say, that people come into our lives for a reason       smile "
oh how times are changing      
wishin money grew on trees  smile 
"<propfirst> my words, i am going to europe some day!!!"
is nervous for the pageant  annoyed 
i wish it would snow in hurricane!  smile 
beauty and the beast is going to turn out wonderfully!  smile 
i don't like having a green hand! no one warned me it wouldn't come off!!! dah!
"you're a mean one, mr  grinch  smile "
3 more days til the play! ah!
opening night! already? dah!  smile  it will be so much fun!       
and i know that we can be so amazing        i just haven't met you yet  smile  go <propfirst> buble!
"tale as old as time, song as old as rhyme, beauty and the beast  smile "
a drop in the ocean     i was prayin that you and me might end up together     cuz you are my heaven       smile 
happy thanksgiving! yahoo! i can't wait to eat my vanilla pie! yum yum!  smile 
be happy  smile 
you've gotta love leftovers  smile 
i must go to <propfirst> buble's concert! i must!!!
"someday at christmas there'll be no wars, when we have learned what christmas is for, when we have found what life's really worth, there'll be peace on earth  smile  <propfirst> wonder is such a poet!"
love of a lifetime(slow rock version) by firehouse is my absolute most favorite song!  smile 
music is what life sounds like  smile 
is so relieved to take a break from stress!  smile 
can't wait to see my dear friend! (so i can kick his butt!)  smile 
baby all i want for christmas is you!!!  smile 
"got the new <propfirst> buble cd, the tall red high-heels that i wanted, and got to talk to my missionary brother! it's a wonderful life  smile "
oh it's lovely weather for a sleigh      for a hike to <propfemale>'s nipple!  smile 
"friends are like peeing your pants, only you can feel the true warmth  smile "
happy new year celebration!!! yahoo!
is terrible at badminton  annoyed 
is done with her research paper!!! 8 pages baby!  smile 
is so excited for this long weekend!!!  smile 
is super sore from sledding! ow!!!
"but if my silence made you leave, then that would be my worst mistake   so i will share this room with you, and you can have this heart to break "
life is good  smile 
if at first you don't succeed            give up! hahahaha! not really folks  wink 
"\my dear <propfirst>! oh what have i done?!\""      \""one more step and we will be safe in the fire swamp \""  \""we'll never survive!\"" \""you only say that because nobody ever has \"""""
cuz pink is my favorite crayon! yes pink is like red but not quite    
thinks that hurricane utah shoud be known as the <propfemale> <propfemale> not chicago!
loves oreos!  smile 
needs to punch something!!! or someone  smile 
wants her own high school musical 3 'can i have this dance' moment!!!  smile 
"each morning i get up, i die a little  can barely stand on my feet    take a look in the mirror and cry, see what your doing to me?     can anybody find me      somebody to love?!  smile "
just realized that she is old now  already graduating? i mean who am i?! scary!
is in love with <propfirst> downey jr! he is still such a fox! (=
"is emotionally exhausted from the thought of not seeing so many good friends after i graduate and go off to college! i'll miss you all! (well not all, but most)  smile "
thinks that life is too confusing! i need some oreos!
wants to nothin but party all summer! oh yeah!!! (=
"'s phone fell right out of her pocket, while she was dancing crazily, into a bucket of ice water and died ): but now she got a new hot pink one! (="
wishes the lovely <propfemale> weather would return! blast you summer heat! (=
has mastered the skill of not laughing while being tickled! it only took me 17 years! yahoo!  laugh 
thinks that the quiet moments in life are the most meaningful
"wants to go camping so badly, but nobody will take me! ):"
had a blast at the lake today!  laugh  got a little sunburned though  sad 
has a new favorite hobby: ice blocking!!! (=
went to the singles <propmale> today for the first time   i feel so old!
"life is good, but sometimes not so great   "
is loving summer! but also is getting a little worn out from playing all day everyday! ah well it's all fun! (=
has finally been to lake powell! oh my word it was so beautiful and <propfemale> and fun! highlight of my whole summer!!! my life is complete  smile 
"is so so so sunburned! ouch, i am a very unhealthy red! that darn sun is such a jerk!"
can not believe she is 18 years old! wow i'm like decrepit! oh i must go buy some dry ice and make homemade root beer! (= great day ahead of me!
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes! i love you all! this was my best birthday yet! (=
is a bit partied out! but could still probably party some more! (= he he he
vampires are so super overrated!
anywhere the wind blows doesn't really matter to me   
cool beans   
more than words     smile 
is so stress free! yahoo!!! time to party it up and relax while eating some orange <propmale>!  smile  yum!
time is quite a perplexing thing   
sharlay's like a <propfemale> in my head!  smile 
"every <propfemale> has its thorn, just like every night has its <propfemale>, just like every cowboy sings his sad sad song, every <propfemale> has it thorn"
is so obsessed with monk! what on earth am i going to do once i finish season 8?! dah!
really hates the zipper ride at the fair! totally killed my voice! ouch           annoyed  i blame you <propfemale> campbell! hehehe  smile 
"is going to miss her friends!  sad  what if i don't want new ones?! just kidding! i do world, i do  smile "
needs a uhaul moving truck to move to college! i have way too much stuff! i sure hope there's enough room!  annoyed 
is an independent college student now! movin up in the world  smile 
"word of advice: when buying heels, consider how the might feel when you walk all over campus in them! or <propfemale> bandaids for the blisters!"
"'cause baby there ain't no mountain high enough, ain't no valley low enough, ain't no river wide enough, to keep me from gettin to you babe!  smile "
can't believe the washing machine wouldn't take my canadian quarter!
is pretty sure she needs to quit staying out til two in the morning and let other people sleep!
made the suu ballroom dance team!!! it's a wonderful life  smile 
should never plan on getting homework done while visiting home from college  it's never going to happen!
loves this rain! <propfemale> weather is such happy weather  smile 
wahoo weekend!!! finally!
"we are young, heartache to heartache we stand! love, is a battlefield!"
quick and quick and quick hop! who would have ever thought the quickstep would be so quick?!
let it be
a total eclipse of the heart! turn around bright eyes!  smile 
is so sick of being sick! lying awake coughing til 5 smile 0 in the morning is so not fun!
you are the only exception
"\a revolution without dancing first is hardly a revolution worth having \"""""
ballroom shoes finally came!!! death sentence perhaps?  smile 
have you ever thrown a fist-full of glitter in the air?
"has crunched so many good leaves today! also, trampling through the collected fallen leaves around campus has been oh so delightful!!!  smile "
life is such a rollercoaster sometimes    too many emotions flying around!
zumba fitness rocks!  laugh 
sianora university 1000!
so so so excited to wear fake eyelashes for the performance tonight!!!!!!!  laugh 
suu ballroom dance company rocks my socks!!!
is definitely going to need to stock up on some more hot chocolate!
is pretty positive that yogurt on waffles would be disgusting! those who agree say aye!
"frying pans! who knew, right?!"
"zac after an epic adventure: \you know what sucks about having a 2-wheel drive vehicle? it doesn't have 4-wheel drive   you know what sucks about having only one pair of shoes? you don't have any other pairs of shoes \"""""
baby all i want for christmas is you!!!
pink is my favorite crayon  smile 
it's a wonderful day in the neighborhood  smile 
thinks that maybe she was the only one who color-coordinated her legos as a child   
oh family  smile  i sure do love them!
would like to know when the turning point was!  when did i become so old? when did this happen? how the heck do i slow down time?!
"she acts like summer and walks like rain, reminds me that there's a time to change  smile "
\someone once told me that you have to choose what you win or lose, you can’t have everything\83da77fb371725b44613b7c6654f2048,blueberry  and raspberry  smile  he he he!
i feel like my ipod knows me so well! every time i put it on shuffle it chooses my favorite songs! ha ha ha! what are the odds?!  smile 
zac is sweet
pick up lines totally make my day!!!  laugh 
is having disneyland withdrawals!!!  sad  but it was an amazing weekend!!!  laugh 
i like lima beans on pizza!
i butter my toast with <propfemale>!  smile 
