48c65ecb7f8fd3136870827cfd1a2081
"finally i get it  the world ain't fair, eat you if you let it "
"is sooooo bored again     big suprise, eh?"
is ridiculously excited to be with her seestors this week!
is chillaxing with the awesome sisters!
"schedule= 1)history harris  2)pe evans  3)choir romig  4)science young  5)english miska  6)spanish hurtado  7)math mitchell by the by, i'm gonna try to get it changed so it's probably not gonna be totally different "
spent a great weekend with cassy-mo and other family  ?
is chillaxing
is done with her notecards! *does insane happy dance* yyyaaaayyyy!
lied  -_-  i have three left  grrr   
is working on her pace essay to the dulcet sounds of msi 
please vote <propfirst> cornett for njhs president!
is trying to recover from lack of sleep 
doesn't feel like writing her review of literature   playful 
is done getting ready fo skool 
"is preparing for solo and ensemble competition  wish me luck, please! ?"
feels like crap   
hates the holidays    
thinks that the teachers conspire together to plan the most inconvenient times to give us three <propmale> evaluations at once 
omfg! it's snowing!!!
feels like a super nerd for being able to play part of haydn on virtual piano    laugh 
put up new pics on her myspace but is too lazy to upload them onto facebook     laugh 
is back from christmas supper with great-grandma   smile 
absolutly loves her awesome christmas present from <propfirst>! ???
is annoyed   
is chillaxing w  la familia   smile 
"in <propfirst>, betches! aww yyyeeeeeaaaaahhh!"
is watchin cass and <propfemale> play mortal combat    smile 
"is a complete re-re     for the past month i have thought that we were going back to school on the 4th, only to realize, as i was getting ready for bed, that we don't even go back til tuesday     laugh      <-------------  i smart!"
has been doing homework and uploading pics on myspace 
"wish me luck at all region auditions, please!  love "
"'s all-region audition went pretty well, and is now watching the skeleton key "
"didn't make all-region, but came in 33rd out of 120 girls! oh wells  i'm still glad anyway   laugh "
is lol at her g-pa shouting in polish at the packers through the tv   laugh 
hates having so much free time tonight when she knows she won't have any tomorrow when she has to go to the ib orientation   annoyed 
getting ready fo skoo'  yyyeeaaaahh boooyyyy 
omfg! did you guys hear?! miep gies died today!!! that's craziness! we're reading <propfemale>'s diary in class!
went to ib orientation and did some homework 
"just call me, mrs  modest, i got it and and i flaunt it! you can complain if you wanna!"
today was peculiarly bad for some unknown reason       sad 
is done getting ready fo skool 
"be intimidated by what i have created, it's not fair, to be compared to you "
just got done watchin precious 
is outta school early 
is listening to some generic 90s music wiff <propfemale>  *sigh* those were the days 
"because the sky is blue, it makes me cry "
is giving her baby char-woos some loveulls   love 
"please tell me what we did in choir, science, english, and spanish!"
is sick at home again   crying 
is sick of the lies! > sad 
"omg, have you guys heard of the westboro baptist church?! that s**t is crazy! grr   now i'm angry at 7 o'clock in the morning      -_-"
is chillin' like a villain   smile 
is going skating w  <propfemale>   smile 
doesn't feel like doing the dumb science homework   annoyed 
is bored   annoyed 
"should be getting ready for school, but doesn't feel like it   "
"isn't going to finish english hmk, that's fo sho  gonna chill w  mik-mik some more  ?"
"today, mrs  miska read one of my <propfemale> <propfirst> assignments to the class because it was 'especially good', she even said she told some of the other teachers about it! now i is vurry happy   smile "
"'s recital went pretty well, only messed up a little   wink "
is incredibly bored already      sad 
"is bored, again "
got accepted into ih (pre-ib) 
i'm really scared because i haven't had homework for a lllooooonng time     i think the teachers are conspiring for the most inconveinent time to pile it on   
is getting ready fo skool 
probably isn't going to do ih ib 
"> sad    someone stole my phone today!!! give it back, jerk!"
"just got back from the magic time machine with <propfemale>  oh yeah, we're that cool   laugh    i had a fan-freakin-tastic time   laugh "
is gonna do some homie-work 
is going to bed and is actually glad tomorrow is monday   smile 
is getting ready fo skool  i miss all of you guys very much     sad 
"is watching oprah's (don't laugh) interview with <propfemale> simpson, i never thought i'd say this but    i now respect <propfemale> simpson, very much so  hm, who woulda thunk it?"
today we watched the wave in school  that is such a great movie!  laugh 
is working on the pace project 
just got done brushing <propfirst>' butt out  i  love  him that much   laugh 
"hey guys, i got a phone  i have the same number but please send me a text saying your name so i can put it in my contacts  i ? you all!"
worked out but my stupid legs got that rubbery feeling  i hate that! oh well maybe i'll be able to finish the whole workout by the end of the week   annoyed 
   bored   
hopes tomorrow won't suck as bad as today 
oh my god! did you guys see <propfirst> <propmale>' report on the homosexuality <propmale> in uganda! i am seriously about to throw something at the tv!!! i am so mad right now i could scream!!! wow  i could throw up at this hideous display of hate and denial of rights 
getting ready fo skool 
i ? the mow-mows   playful 
finishing her brief for mock trial  it was suprisingly easy   laugh 
wow  i'm bored 
got her hair cut 
   
(to those with high school e playful erience) how many ap classes should i take? should i take them only in the subjects i excel at or     ?
bangs head on desk    <------ bored
is ridiculously happy that today was the last day  i think i would've hit someone if i had to go tomorrow         -_-
gah! i'm <propfemale> tired    
   ?
?music = my escape from the b s ?
yay! today didn't suck as bad as i thought it would   smile 
"i ? the mow-mows  and no, i'm not a crazy cat lady   laugh "
f   m   l
"ahh   the two month stretch  it's that time in the school year when i really start to realize     wow, all of you pretty much suck "
"wow, a separate peace is a fantastic book!"
gettin ready fo' skoo 
"why is it that when my teacher gives me a stupidly easy essay to write, i must make it difficult?    annoyed "
victory! i finally finished my english essay!     laugh 
"is watching white oleander, it seemed appropriate "
had a good weekend with her crunk cousins  i  love  you guys   smile 
"<propfemale> hughes pwned at the 'mock' mock trial  just sayin'  lol, love ya bams!"
 sad 
grr    my phone is being a <propmale> d-bag  pardon my french 
my life is just waayy too complicated      sad 
"you've gotta spend some time, love  you've gotta spend some time with me  and i know that you'll find, love: i will possess your ? "
= semi-finalist in 2010 mock trial competition
"finished shopping for the award ceremony tomorrow, now i'm tired "
"just got back from the trustee awards    for fun, my grandma counted the number of white people  hehe    she got bored    smile "
"thank god! my writer's block is finally gone! yay, i'm so happy!   laugh "
spent all weekend w  the seestors (who rock my sox)?
"in the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher "
"dai nguyen  you just made my whole month  i ? you, man "
last day of school!
just got back from like a three hour long walk w  the cousins  now i'm tired     sad 
summer vacation is slowly and successfully driving me insane   
yay! i can get a new phone soon! maybe i can get one that can actually text  call people!
put up some new photos of me and <propfemale>!  love 
chillin' with my cousins  love   love   love 
"white-out on my fingernail, white-out on my finger  white-out on my fingernail, white-out on my finger   love "
"is done working out, going back home for a while "
is back home in plano 
"ugh, 90 degrees in the house  i hope the ac dude hurries up!"
"went shopping w  granny and <propfirst>, played piano, and visited great-grandma   laugh "
is brushing <propfemale>'s afro   love 
"ok , so today i went to wally-world and a little asian fellow named <propmale> was the cashier  heh heh     laugh "
is chillin w  g-ma today   smile 
"is going to visit great-grandma for her b-day, she's 101   love "
is spending time w  <propfirst> n <propfemale>   love   love   love 
"hey, have you guys seen the trailer for 'vampires suck'? i wanna see it <propfemale> bad "
"is austin-bound w  the seestors  (minus cassidear, love n miss you, cass) "
"is in <propfirst> (the best city, in tx btw), with my bestest seestors   love "
saw the last airbender w  the seestors   love 
is watching cass strike back on the evil children above us   laugh 
is back from a long hike at walnut creek and sonic  yum 
seestor portrait today!  love 
i don't feel very well today     sad 
thank you god! oil leak stopped at last!  love  ? love 
got back from the pool with <propfemale>   love 
just got back from floating the river w  the sisters   love 
don't you love the kind of dreams that make your entire day? *sigh*
is heading back home today  i'm gonna miss my seestors     crying 
is home 
brian: \stewie," you're judgementally quoting bible verses and you don't even know how to read \""\"48c65ecb7f8fd3136870827cfd1a2081,just watched the runaways with <propfemale>  it twas really good 
"and i dont really care, if ya think i'm strange, i ain't gonna change \and im never gonna care 'bout my bad reputation!!!"
"worked out to the point of nausea, that's always fun "
"went to the er this morning, but i'm fine now "
baked a pie for grandpa's last-radiation-treatment day  i love you grandpa   smile 
got back from shopping with the gran gran   smile 
is watching movies with lexi   love 
is getting ready to p-a-r-t    y? because i gotta!!!
had a nightmare about school tomorrow     sad 
"first day of school went pretty well, now to start day two!"
"is trying out for celebration this afternoon, wish me luck!  smile "
"oh my god, i actually made encore despite my horrible cracky voice that day!"
going to see disturbed with avenged sevenfold in concert tonight with la familia   laugh 
"had a great time at the concert last night, now to do some homie-works   smile "
"went to a couple of museums with <propfemale>, mik mik, and mom   smile "
"heading home, trying to figure out how i could possibly be ready for that reading check tomorrow  another day in the life "
"i wish it was friday, you have no idea     sad "
thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! i love you all so much!  love   love   love 
remember all the sadness and frustration and let it go  let it go 
phase 1 auditions for all-region tomorrow! i really hope i make it this year   
"wow, i didn't make it  you know, three years of rejection is kinda starting to get to me  i don't even get to actually audition, phase one is just the audition for the audition    ugh "
"it's that time of night (morning?) where everything is hilarious, but now i get to go to sleep   smile "
"got to see mo' diddle, mom, and <propfemale> this weekend   smile "
"is a straight ally and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of lgbt youth e playful erience harassment in school, and too many lives have been lost  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly amu33l "
geography homework makes me feel stupid  which in turn makes me angry   sad 
" love  when you've suffered enough, and your spirit is breaking; you're growing desperate from the fight  remember you're loved, and you always will be  this <propfemale> will bring you right back home   love "
"got to see mom and <propfemale> and go to oak lawn's street party with <propfemale>, all in one weekend *gasp*  love "
"is doing the happy dance to the <propmale> 5, aww yyeeaahhh!  love "
is celebrating thanksgiving with la familia   love 
officially hates the police 
"<propfemale> christmas, errvrybody! i love you all!  laugh "
is in the top 4% with a 4 177 gpa    laugh 
 love  s her choir homies; you guys made my day   laugh 
"so let me get this straight: <propfemale> grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone, <propfirst> <propmale> can be on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone, 53% of americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses  yet, same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? re-post if you find this ironic!"
"is ready for spring break to be over, fo realz   annoyed "
