a44e118d5a7a9dcb9c2e7f878a8022f6
got on for like the first time in a milloin years
i wish i was somewhere else with this one person   they kno who they are
i wish i didnt have to go to work   i dont like pie that much
one more night!
hates being sick+_+
im happy and <propmale> is a meanie face! a big one hehe
cant wait for snowboarding
2 days till big bear!
thinks she might need some new pictures on here
i set my profile to pirte
might finally get pics up!
i cant wit for spring break!
wow we are almost done with school! i cant wait 
is quite tired of school
i just dont know anymore 
thinks that college is confusing and wants a very long nap 
so my life is pretty much screwed  someone should just shoot me now 
a little sun and a good day of going crazy with life problems makes you feel so much better when you reilze that you not as screwed as you think you are 
so excited for a lonf weekend and some sun at the beach!
i am super tired
im the coolest kid in second grade
i made homecomeing corut now everyone has to go to homecomeing  and for row to!
i wanta go snowboarding all ready!
i think im getting sick sad 
im sooooo done with school 
i am excited for homecomeing and the minimum day tomoro!
its the weekend almost!
i love the rain! i wonder what it will do for friday tho 
so this week has been a short week with really super long days  at least tomorro wount reallly count as a school day 
yesterday was so much fun!
where is the sun wether people!
you can never trust a wether person!
i am ready for a break from school!
i cant wait for break!
one last day! with a gov test sad 
free for a week!
ugh school 2moro 
what to do this weekend?
its funny how long days seem and how quick the year goes by 
finished with my final finaly!
i cant wait to be free from school!
those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad   ~norm papernick
ugh school tomorrow  studying for finals   finals blow 
woooo almost done with finals! and school! well first semester 
4 hours to freedom! 36 hours to him!
so happy to see guy! hopefully again soon!
snow in big bear finally! i am excited
lazy day! oh boy!
sometimes i confuse even myself  its surprisingly and sadly not that difficult 
ugh why is graduation so far away?
being sick sucks!
feeling better! i just hope i feel good enough for a hole day of school sad 
my ipod is destroyed  sad ! i could not be any angryer!
anyone want to buy a <propmale> secret snow board?
i had a very good day shoping!
naps are wonderful things!
i used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out!
i don't like the cold much 
senior class auction today! people should come support us
sick strikes again! ugh
ugh worst day ever
lots of fun today
