a6004b1e2ed6eb2d9d90f144d9f3b07b
happy new year everyone i am ready to face what ever this year has to offer  with jehovah guiding me it can only be a wonderful adventure 
i smelled a gangster in line at the bankbecause i cant control myself!!!!
my fine is $630
wow its awesome here  just love days like this
ikes 2 work around the outside & then pop it n my mouth
my fine is 1825 1 and i am sentenced to 90 days!
i dont wanna go dont u wish your parents could write a sick note 
im sick its cold  im achey  bad hair day  hell its just a monday on a  tuesday
good morning everyone  its fridaaaay  need i say more
good morning peeps   its gonna b a pretty day  i hate going to work on pretty days  hell im bout to become my own boss 
"its the day for green  so that means,to mi ne way, everything green goes today   u fill mi?"
i like it on  my the mantle by  my the front door
its sunday  and my weekend left just as fast as it arrived  lucky for mi i gota rewind button 
"its spring tyme  the birds are chirping, flowers are beginning to bloom  what a perfect day to do spring cleaning and break away from the harsh of winter "
afternoon everyone  well i detailed my car like it was in a car show  i mean was she was really clean  then sunday comes along with a hail storm  just my luck 
its monday  gotta go to work  not mad at all very short day  my husband is on vacation   its goin to be weird with him here during the day 
"good morning  was getting  ready for work <propfemale> my patient called and said \im not home no need to come to my house until wednesday\""  now im not mad cuz at the precise tyme i was thinking damn its monday and i wanna go back to bed"""
its hump day  im off of work  with nothing to do  is it to early for a spritzer
just made a to do list for hubby and me  got some interesting things on this list  i gave it a 15 yr span so this should be fun 
im bored but cant sleep  been to bed twice since 630 pm  its a shame to be this bored  tell mi facebook fam what do u do to shake the boredom  help
good morning fb  this site rocks found a few peeps last nite that i havent seen in years
ok fb lets talk real talk  i walked 2 <propmale> today  im sooo exhausted but im sooo refreshed at the same tyme  after my walk i went to the gym and got on the stairmaster  i dont kno how much weight i wanna lose but im ready for the ride of emotions  please dont judge just encourage 
day 2  breakfast if that what u wanna call it   a glass of milk and dried cranberries  not fulfilling but got the job done  bout to go and walk maybe throw sum jogging in  wow its been awhile since i said those words  well im out
thanks to all of you that is giving mi so much encourage becuz of you guys i walked 3 25 <propmale> today 
hello fb  its my 3rd day of working out  havent been yet just got off work but it looks as if its going to rain  bummer  so now if i dont get it in today i gotta double up 2morrow  i wonder if there is a reverse dance for rain
got up this morning and did 2 <propmale> 
its sunday i dont wanna go walking do i have too or can i onliy walk 5 days a week? sumone help
it rained yesterday and they calling for rain today im have to walk up and down 3 levels of stairs to get my workout on
im doing really swell with this walking  got 2 <propmale> in today  got 2 <propmale> in yesterday gonna try and push 1 mile in tonite 
i walked 4 <propmale> this morning  i sooooo rock
happy memorial day to everyone  take  a few seconds to remember our falling soldiers and the ones that r stilling representing our country 
its raining here  what im i going to do now
just did my walk 4 today and i feel great
good morning fb  its thursday already  one more to til the weekend  whoooo hooo
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  im truly blessed and glad to say i made it to b 31 years old  my hubby is the best he always gives mi the best gifts 
"its been 3 days since i smoked a cigarette  im so proud  so i've been walking now 2 weeks, i havent drunk soda in 3 months, and now no cigs for 3 days  im doing the damn thing"
i enjoted my birthday weekend now it back to the regular hustle and bustle of the work week 
"gonna hit the street and do my walk  im still doinjg my part to becomemore healthy 5 days and still no cigs, im so escatic"
i pushed the limit last night with my walking  im sooo tired i cant keep my eyes open 
ok facebook   i dont know the lenght of my walk but i know it was 2 hrs up and down hills  my legs r crying  but im gonna do it again 2morrow
lovin my life and the man that is ahring it with mi!!!!! 
call me by my true names by tich nhat <propfemale>  it is a must read poem 
"i made a healthy fast dinner!!\fired my chicken breast tenders with <propfemale> oil  and baked my fries "
is it rude to tell people to bring there own soap when staying the nite at ur place?
ok this is big for mi  its been one week since i smoked a cig  im so happy for myself  plus  i walked 2 <propmale> today   gotta walk 2 more tonite
omg going to play tennis tonite  hope i dont hurt myself lol
didnt play tennis maybe tomorrow 
sn means what?
"good morning  thanking my heavenly father for waking mi this morning ok so this week im only eating veggies, fruit,and sum meats  no starch  it may sound easy but the love of my life got to have either rice or potatoes "
"i walkes 6<propmale> last nite, and 2 <propmale> this morning got get in atleast another 4 <propmale> tonite !!!! i am pretty proud of my self "
got up and walked for 2 5 hours!!!!
omg   played tennis for 30 mins  and it whipped my butt!!!  gonna get out there again 2morrow
happt fathers day to all the fathers!!!!!! and to the mothers that r fathers tooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday to my uncle <propfirst>!!!!!! may he continue to rest in peace
happy birthday to my sister <propfemale>  no facebook person  may she have many more
ten years ago today we lost a very special man  may his memories continue to bless our family  rest in peace uncle <propfirst>
"knows everyone heard the more the saying\ the more u xcersize the more energy u have\"" well i have been doing my routine for a month now and i dont have a burst of energy"""
good morning fb  im running late this a m  gotta go for my morning walk  i wish everyone well and hope you all enjoy this wonderful day
hey people from deep creek h s! do n e 1 kno where <propfemale> <propmale> is located?
why do we kill people who kill people to show them that killing people is wrong      interesting thought
good morning every1
"without love we could not survive human beings are social creatures, and a concern for each other is the very basis of our life together!!!!!"
at this precise moment i am excatly who and where i am suppose to be!!!
"just afew ways to preserve our planet for our children's children !!! recycle, cut ur shower tyme by 3mins or substitute 1 shower for a bath  instead of driving everywhere take the bus, carpool, or walk  we have enjoyed our planet why not let our offsprings tooo!!!!!!!!!"
this is major!!!!!i will not answer or text(which i dont do ever) while im driving i hope that others will take the pledge!!!!!!
good morning facebookers  just got in frm my morning jog and bout to go get fresh for work  good day to all!!!!!!
ok so i make my car a no phone zone yesterday and guess what i do today ? i answer my fone while driving   im addicted i need help 
my roots r grounded  i will not bend  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
asks when did respect bcum 1 sided  nowadays people give and give and others just take without returning the respect  the nerve of sum people  smdh and its starting to hurt  off to work i go  i hope my day gets better
good morning facebook  i have been down in the dumps and havent done n e running or walking or n e thing for that matter  today is the day i get myself back on track  have ahumble day every1
did my work and was more extreme than ever  i think i might b sore frm this one friends!
why is it that when things seems to be so great reality comes and knock u down?
its better to have had love and and lost it than it  is to never e playful erience love at all 
"prayer alert!! for a fb friend's daughter \audrin <propmale>  hold the family up in prayer today  her 2 year old daughter\ was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even if \you dont know her, god knows    please post to your profile for 1 hour \and say a prayer for the little girl and god bless you for doing it!\ (how could any mom not repost?) pray, please!!!! i reposted please pray\ for this family"
had a blast at <propfemale> beach  whoooo hoooo   now its back to grinding
went walking this morning and feel awhole lot better
happy birthday to our president!!!!!!!  its not a holiday yet but im gonna make it it one for me  its gonna be such a easy going day 
good morning everyone!!!! hope u  all have a great day!!!!
happy independence day to all my jamaican family and friends
gm fb!!!!! to all  thats going to camelot reunion be sure to njoy ur selves
u r always in my life whether u r in mine!!! i love <propmale> iglesias
good morning facebook
"went to the gym this morning, packed up a few more boxes, now gotta go make this money"
thank you lord for allowing mi to see this day!!! had a great work out this a m  now i have nothing to do until  noon 
just happy to be here  thank god for waking mi this sunday!!!great workout this moring!!!
"do\ not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a \",a6004b1e2ed6eb2d9d90f144d9f3b07b,gotta thank my heavenly father for allowing mi to c this day!!!! gm fb
"baked chicken breast cover with muenster cheese, bacon and cilantro  spanish rice and cauliflower broccoli and carrots  yum my dinner was excellent"
"live well, laugh often, love much"
one week free at curves!!!!  ladies the exercise routine is a beast!! i love it 
"what a dinner!? cabbage,cucumber, carrots and 1 boiled egg"
got my walk and jogging in this a m  still got 2 hrs b4 work  guess i will eat a egg and relax til then  peace out and good day to all
walked this and just got in fm the gym!!! im luvn curves  the rest of the night imma spend wit the husband!!! good nite mates
"gm fb!!!  gotta go get this morning run in!!! good day to all  its hump day ,how will u spend this day?"
well fb it raining hea now so running this a m  hopefully it will stop so i can get it in tonite  1st day of school and the kids r getting wet
"attention!!!!!!!do not join the group currently on facebook with the \title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\""!! \",a6004b1e2ed6eb2d9d90f144d9f3b07b,chilled with my home gurl 2nite   njoyed the night now off to bed !! gn fb
great weekend  spent tyme with my lil cuzns on  saturday  sunday was date day for mi and the hubby  two movies on sunday and a great dinner  its monday everyone  car is in the shop as of this morning  no worries i dont have to pay for the work or the rental car!! yea  im grand and loving it!!!!
so ready for 2morrow so i can stop living out boxes  yea movin in my new place  so im gonna be out of touch 2mar but hopefully ill b connected friday!
all moved in!!! now wish i had a easy button to unpack and put everything in its place  peace out all and njoy ur holiday weekend
gm facebookers  my internet is still down !!! i kno va is xcited that the 1st day of school has come!! i guess my internet will be up sometyme this week  miss u facebook  cry cry
ok its friday!! yea i guess  i still havent received my equipment for my internet!! it really sucks  i thought companies wanted ur bidness but im staring to think otherwise  my eqiupment is a week late and all they can say is it been shipped!! so i reply frm where? have a great weekend everyone
its 9-11 everyone  let us give a moment of silence for all lives that were lost on this day in history  today is a day that everyone should have a smile on theyre face and thanking god for waking them   love the one u with as deeply as u can
had a good walk this morning plus a great workout with zumba!!! im loving it
at&t internet services suck  
"so the hubby and i had a great date day  breakfast out, two movies and dinner  im luvin it"
im back on board!!! hope all has been good on facebook
"alwayz let an arrogant man think he's smarter than you, and he will provide you the opportunity to sit back and watch him play himself"
wants to know have anybody ever seen a pregnant squirrel?
"while\ you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper in her\ ear  while you humilate, offend, and insult her, there's a man flirting\ with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  while you hurt her, \there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while you make your \woman cry, there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this on your \wall if you're against domestic violence!"
word of the day is slugabed  
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my family & friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still    fighting it  "
good night all 
hey my peeps in chesapeake!do n e 1 know what grade u can start rotc  please share ur info
morning walk is done now off to work please vote tomorrow  that's the one of the ways to get our voice out there!!!!
i voted did u?????????
ok fb im on my way  to bed  zumba kicked my butt tonite but i enjoyed the challenge good tine
got a great jog in this evening!!!
is baseball season over? im sooo miss watching fringe on foxx
starting late this a m  but i;m bout to start my morning walk jog and then off to zumba!!
ok so i went and seen for colored girls  i love it! its makes u laugh and cry  ur emotions will be all over the place   this is the best movie i have seen in years!!!
had a great jog walk this morning and now off to work
had a great workout at zumba tonite!!
"facebooklaws**(1)\ keep your baby momma daddy, your boo, your ex, your friend, off of your\ <propfemale> if they cant handle what they see  (2) stop taking every comment \or post so seriously, personally, or out of context  (3) when you get \into it with someone don't post it on your wall status (we're   grown) \   if you agree, i dare you to repost! fb has destroyed lives and \relationships  its never that deep!!!!"
why am i still on this computer when i have to be at work in 15 minutes
fish and grits with lemonade  very tasty
had a great weekend!!! my cuzn and her family came and spent the day with mi  she was the first guest i  had in my new place  thx for coming and hope to see u again real soon 
good morning all
bout to go and doing my morning jog walk 
"7\ yrs old: mom i love you  10 yrs old: mom whatever  16 yrs old: omg my \mom is so annoying  18 yrs old: i wanna leave this house 25 yrs old: \mom, you were right  30 yrs old: i wanna go back to my mom's house  50 \yrs old: i dont wanna lose my mom  70 yrs old: i would give up \   everything for my mom to be here with me       i love you mom ! post \this on your wall if you appreciate your mom ? !"
ok so this is big!!! i went shopping today and alot of my clothes are two dress sizes smaller!!!!! go mi  go mi
people are such hypocrites  i thought as a christian u would want to be reminded of certain things  but i guess not  true people of faith dont get offended when reminded  no wonder some people refuse to go to church and sit with judgmental people  but some people are only christians one hour on sundays
hey facebook  i guess i offended some people this morning  oh well ! it is what it is  i commented on some ones post and they didn't like what i had to say  but its all good  facebookers please feel free to comment on ne thing i post  we all have our own opinion and i love to see different points of view
"think it's funny that when u r agreeing with people or giving them words of encouragement they are all about thanks and laughs, but when u disagree the beast comes out   gotta love people"
"my dinner was delicious!! mixed vegetables,rice, steak, and cornbread "
happy thanksgiving day to all love been here in kentucky with the family!!!
jogged this morning and cleared my mind  did alot of thinking and now i kno my next move  have a good day facebook
did my walk this morning  wow its 28 degrees here and i'm sweating
i was listening to some poets tonite at the wine up!!!! off the hook up in there!!! my thursdays r officially dedicated to the wine up  love the feel of that place  goodnite fb
were do u go to get the cartoon characters
beer
"important!!]\ people change your profile pics back to you cuz the group that told us \all to change our pics to our fav cartoon characters were agroup of \pedophiles they're doing it because kids will accept their requests \faster if they see a cartoon pic, it's got nothing to do with \   supporting child violence     watch the news tonight  "
whats up with the <propfirst>?
gotta go for my walk this a m  off i go  goodmorning fb
why is face book full of viruses!!! so sick of all the spam
"if your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever, if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven ?, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom, and that you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of    people in life, but you only have one mom!!!!"
so fringe isnt coming in 2nite  im <propfemale> mad!! guess i will look at the first 48  they r here in <propfemale>   good night facebook
ok so the first 48 is not showing the episodes of <propfemale>  i'm spent there's nothing for me to watch on t v  what am i to do?????
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will give you a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will give you a meal  give her your kindness, she will give you her heart  she multiplies & enlarges what she is given  so if you give her crap, be ready to    receive a ton of s**t! post on your wall if you agree   hope to see every female re-post    "
so last nite i watched 20 20  <propfemale> swayer did a special called: be the change change a life  now i kno what i want to do in the year 2011  good morning facebook
i do not wanna go to work my bed feel just rite this a m 
so did anybody see  the eclipse this morning?
hope everyones holiday was great!
so im making a eggplant lasagna tonite  hope its good  ne one up here had it b4?
so my eggplant lasagna turned out great  im lovin tryin these new recipes 
i went from 401 facebook friends to 131  downgraded alot but it was a necessity  some of those folks never even spoke to mi and i did not speak to them either  it is what it is 
"ok so for the last month i havent walked!! but the good news is that i havent gained not one pound back  i am so proud of myself right now  \now i wanna lose btween 15-20 pounds but feb 14   ne body out there facebook world kno of a way to make this happen??? i am open to suggestions"
hey everyone if u r going out to celebrate the new year please be safe and mindful of the things around you!! happy new years everyone
good morning everyone
watchhng craiglist killer! ladies plz b careful on the internet  sum of these dudes r loonie
my stomach does not want to cooperate with me  i hve already eaten an apple and a salad but im still hungry  dnt kno how im goin to make thru the day while at work
"husbands week: if you have a husband who is your best friend, who works hard for you, who has been with you through thick & thin, who loves you even at your worst, and who you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this as your status with the date you were married: <propfirst>   7 yrs nxt month"
"there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age  remove yourself by searching your name, find the url of your <propfemale>, then go to the bottom right corner of the <propfemale> and click on t   he privacy button to remove yourself  copy & re-post so your fb friends are aware "
"\a friend is one who helps and encourages you towards that which is good for you  a foe is one who hinders and discourages you from that which is good for you \"" -akil\",a6004b1e2ed6eb2d9d90f144d9f3b07b,"therefore, with minds that are alert and fully sober, set your hope on the grace to be brought to you when jesus christ is revealed at his coming  - 1 <propfirst> 1:13"
"chillin watching movies\luvn <propfirst>"
snow and ice! i do not want to deal wit the highways and drivers here 
did va get snow?
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right  forget about the ones who don't and pray for them  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is part of life     getting back up is living ~ re-post if you agree"
so i braved the elements this morning  i slipped and slided my way to work to find no 1 n the office  what a hoot
hve ne1 heard that facebook will b deleted march 15 
wow that iz tore up! he not the daddy
o snap  i wasnt ready 4 that  wow wat a way 2 the show
its hump day  stick and stones mat break my bones but whips and chains excite me
51 years ago on the beautiful my mother was born  may her days be full of happiness and wealth  love u mommy!!!!!!
asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for just one hour? do it for all of us
happy bday 2 my baby sis <propfemale> and <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>
wat to do  bored out my mind
bored out my mind  my family in va is getting it in  celebrating the bdays for the month  on days like this i miss va
goin to catch an early movie with the husband  i just love my rasta guy  everything is goin to b ire!
lookin at drugged on nat geo
bsides henna what other natural dye is there
happy mlk day  because of his dream this world is a better place
how many woman agree with the m o m  which means moving on men  or in other words the rebound dude 
oprah is speaking nothing but the truth  sn: protesters were out in <propfemale> n c  today  the nerve of n c  wanting students to attend school toda
so my hubby and i will not eat any meat until the weekend  so please give me recipes for vegan meals 
wish 8 oclock would get hea so my hubby can b hea wit me  really miss him 2day
gettin off hea!! my hubby is home
so dnt kno how lng i am goin to go wit out  its day 2 and im ready to quit
"its hump day  slap it up, flip it over, and rub it down"
"so if u hve been reading my posts u may kno that im not eating meat this week  its so hard, but last nite my hubby made me a homemade veggie pizza  i mean he made the dough and all  and it was great  got  love my ratsa"
so tonite im having meatless lasagna rolls basically it spinach and cheese wrap inside lasagna noodles 
on this day 86 years ago the backbone of my family was born! happy bday to my gma <propfemale>! jehovah has truly blessed her
bean burritos tonite for dinner
bored guess i will gve myself a mani and pedicure
its friday  cheers to the weekend
today is my last day of no meat however i will hve meatless meals once a week  so cnt wait to eat sme stuffed mackeral
didnt go 2 sleep til 2  dnt kno y im up so early  guess i will go 4 a run
so im sittin hea checking all my pens on my desk and purse to see if they write 
so has anyone watched the dog whisperer  caesar <propmale>  is a handsome guy
now im sleepy
ok so i get a random text  so i ask how do u kno me  he responds facebook  i say my number on facebook and he says yes  now this has happened b4 but atleast i kno her  i thought <propfemale> it happened that tyme i deleted my number  so if u dnt want random text and calls i advise u to take ur number off ur profile
off to work  i finally feel like myself  it was a long week but im bless 
its sunday  im njoying my week with the man of my dreams  breakfast was great  fried dumplings and fried tuna  good to all 
today i will be alive  i will not just exist and live 
so my phone is being weird  i can only read part of my facebook comments  technoloy gotta luv it  ughhh
wat does btw mean?
we were meant to meet and fall in love with each other  we were made to live together forever  i stand in love with u 
today is wear red day  ladies im making u aware that heart diease is the biggest killer among woman  pass this message on to the women that u love and thd men as well 
mine is full of joy and its red
i really miss the seafood restaurants in v a 
black and yellow all day  yall act like its not a second half
and thats how u do it
nice
booooo
this has been on my mind heavily so now im bout to blurt it out  im <propfemale> tired of the bluntly disrespect towards our president  never in the past when the other presidents were address by their names or mister  its president obama  please be respectful of this man 
the count down begins 7 days!!!!!!
this has been a lng day still got 1 5 hours left been workin snce 12  afternoon hours drag real slow
i havent worked pass 3 in awhile   im hea stuck like <propmale>  dont want to complain cuz there is money to b made
was so ready to watch criminal minds! <propfemale> all a sudden basketball  im pissed
so the snow skipped over <propfemale>?
4 days to go
good morning everyone  on my way back to bed 
<propfemale> did go back to sleep  now waiting for my hubby to get in  work flow at 11 oclock for me  its the weekend facebook lets njoy it
so bored  hubby at work  missin him  i guess the faster i go to sleep the faster he will be hea  gn fb
"love all, trust little,and do wrong to none"
downtown atl is jumpin  celebratin my anniversary  this man of mine got us up in the westin hotel  he do it big  im ready to c what this nite brings! later fb
sun dial resturant with 360 degree views  priceless  just wish we could hve had dinner there  nxt tyme for sure
woke up on top of the world  this room is awesome  waitin to see wat he has planned today  let the xcitement begin
on this day 7 years ago my knight took me as his wife  these past years has been a marvelous world wind  im so ready for the next 7  good morning fb and happy valentine's day
my weekend was perfect  my husband out did himself  hotlanta was off the chains nothing can spoil my day  loving life and those sharing it with me
