bc4d16b9c05b81399766191c2850b7cb
avatar  great  frickin  movie 
"ok, so the phonebook in my phone is lookin' a little out of date  some random people just got wished a happy new year with good luck, much love, and a large quantity of skittles  playful  happy new year everyone!"
it's after 5 on a sunday and it's painfully boring at my house  is anyone doing anything right now? i'm in - even if it's chasing elephants with a slingshot - i'm that bored right now lol!!
training for the warrior dash starts now  http annoyed  www warriordash com
happy mother's day everybody!!!!!
is wondering how someone can go have a cigarette then go to the gym   ?
rampage had the w in his hands at round 3 and threw it away  what a disappointment   
you know you have an extreme workout routine when people at the gym stop working out to watch you     laugh 
happy father's day everybody!!!
is it a bad thing that i caught myself growling instead of breathing while i was lifting weights?
anyone have foursquare? i just downloaded it to my crackberry and i'm trying it out   
some dude just tried to sell me some random bedsheets in jersey <propfirst>'s - wtf!?!
all of a sudden i feel a little used   
i really want a bmw now   
http annoyed  www thefitgamer com - check it out - spread the word
"before you return a phone, it'd probably be a good idea to erase all of the sex apps you downloaded    fail"
"if i were in north <propfemale>, i'd be in shcool    http annoyed  news yahoo com s yblog_upshot 20100811 od_yblog_upshot behold-americas-educational-system-captured-in-a-single-photograph"
i hate meatheads    
the thermometer in my car says its 106 degrees out - isn't that the starting temperature of low-heat ovens?
"to everyone that called me today, i'm really sorry for not picking up  i left my phone home on accident, and my work apparently believes in 12-hour work shifts "
halo: reach - 15 minutes left  smile 
oh how i love being the sober one when i go out hehe   
"apparently i take such a small number of vacations, my mom asked me if i was fired since i was home so much lol"
leopard pants + pink camo top = bad idea
work was crazy bananas; now it's time for some bananas weight lifting  smile 
i can't help but note the irony in driving past a cop that was on his cell phone while driving   
anyone down for a late night showing of paranormal activity 2?
the last dragon is on bet right now - a serious throwback  smile 
just saw two middle-aged men in a bmw z4 with the top down blasting what sounded like whip my hair by <propfemale> smith   wtf?
i just paid my car off today  laugh  yiiiiipppppiiiieeeee!!!!!!
"can't frickin' stop playing with my new blackberry style! seriously, i've had my crackberry moments but this is bad even for me!  playful "
seriously considering a late night jog at the gym    and maybe jackass 3d 
just left work  making muscles next + cod: black ops @ midnight = life of a fit gamer  smile 
3 minutes to black ops   
got it!!!! time to get grimey!!!
holy crap i gamed so hard i have a headache  playful 
rampage ftw!
"now that all the food i ate is settling, i can wish everyone a happy thanksgiving   and work myself stupid at the gym tomorrow  playful "
i'm thinking' that i might go see faster tonight  any takers?
got castlevania: symphony of the night free by buying the new castlevania: lords of shadow www konami com castlevania
muscle making then possibly bowling tonight   
i really want cookies right now and i don't know why   
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from \your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, \december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste to \your status and invite your friends to do the same   "
i'm seriously lost with this whole <propfirst> thing  playful 
there's a subway in the 24-hour super walmart next to my gym and it's open - win  laugh 
"has anyone ever felt dumber after talking to someone? yeah, just had one of those customers   "
"once again, gsp is da man!"
just left the holiday party for my work and for our secret <propfemale> exchange i got a massive box of skittles  i think there's gonna be an all-nighter in my immediate future  playful 
"it's past 3am and i'm still hopped up on skittles  not really sure what to think at the moment, yet i'm oddly imagining unicorns for some unknown reason   "
watching throwback christmas cartoons on abc family and working on my website  it's oddly making me feel like a kid again  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! if you didn't get an email from me then i don't have your email address - so hurry up and send it to me!  smile 
"i'm gonna shamelessly promote my website now, cause it's 5am and i can hehe   \\http annoyed  www thefitgamer com"
i need to deal with more annoying customers at work; every time i do i beat a personal best at the gym     smile 
someone just walked into the store pushing a stroller carrying 2 dogs    wtf?
"you know you're up too early when you slam your usual energy drink and you're still tired  i need a red bull, lol "
i'm freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! no work tomorrow! yay! now it's time to make muscles 
i have just learned that hanging windshield wipers (an ab exercise) are god-awfully effective  i officially want to kick the editors of muscle and fitness magazine 
"should i be concerned that an older lady said she was \enjoying my body\"" while i was fixing her phone?"""
5 minutes ago a chick asked me if we sold computer power cords  2 minutes ago a guy asked me for directions to at&t  i always thought the sprint logo on my shirt was obvious    seriously people lol
so some dude just asked me if i could be his personal trainer  yet another awkward moment at sprint   
"helped a guy with a <propfirst> curl like <propmale> <propfirst> last thursday, and today i help a guy that looks like (and talks) like the situation  never a dull day at sprint   "
snickerdoodle cookies are an awesome way to start the day  smile  thanks <propfemale>!
the power just went out at work and the parking lot is pitch black    (cue eerie video game music)
it always amazes me how after i leave the barber shop i feel like my head lost 5 pounds lol
crysis 2 in less than 10 minutes   
"just got my htc arrive today, and i never thought i'd say this, but so far this is on par with my wuberry   only time will tell if i ditch blackberry for good   "
"social feeds and bbm on the wuberry, last fm and xbox live on wupho7 - i could get used to this twin-fisting thing   "
"ok, so in the past few weeks i've been approached to be someone's bodyguard, and more recently, someone's personal trainer  now someone just asked me to get their ipad 2 for them at 3am tomorrow so it won't get stolen  my muscles have their own life now "
staying in today - the fit gamer has a lot of work to do so i'm helping him out hehe  smile 
a huge shoutout goes to my boy <propfirst> for being on sabado gigente just now!!!!
just ported the wuberry number to google voice  it's official - i'm leaving blackberry in favor of windows phone 7   
"1 2 mile run, 50 back extensions, 1 2 mile run, 50 pullups, 1 2 mile run, 50 pushups, 1 2 mile run, 50 crunches, and one more 1 2 mile run  i have officially gone insane "
i  hate  meatheads  grrrrrrrrrr 
i love haircuts; i always feel spiffy afterwards  playful 
"it's a good morning today, though i seriously want to go back to sleep right now   "
when are people gonna learn? cell phones and bodily fluids don't match  sad 
frak! another one today! aaaarrrggggghh @#6$&%*$&$&$&*$$&@@#$ bean dip  seriously - why are people so gross?
"ok ladies, a heads-up: if you weigh 100 pounds soaking wet and are a size 1 or less, then a d-cup is going to look unnatural  you'll also attract douchebags "
"sales rep: hi - welcome to e playful ress! can i help you find anything? \me: the 1mx shirts, oh they're right here \sales rep: wait: can you even fit in our shirts?\best line ever  playful "
i just passed the first of two certification exams to be a pc tech - jaaaaaammmmmmmm!!!!!
"another sunday at work, and another phone with brown stuff in it    smh"
"ok  so the ac in my car is busted  the dealer is offering to rape, er, repair it for 1400 and change   my car's mileage is just north of 100 grand so i'm wondering if it's time to retire the wu-mobile and upgrade   "
"so i have some ideas for my birfday that's coming up and i want to do something this weekend  there's the hard rock, the improv (<propfirst> murphy's performing), and extreme kart racing  opinions?"
so i'll be headed to the hard rock later tonight for an early birthday celebration  hit me up if you'd like to come out  or you can also just show up  playful 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  i'm fortunate to have you all as friends  smile 
bringing your kid to the gym + not watching him × letting him play with weights 3 times his size = fail 
is currently dj'ing for the first time in 5 years  i missed this   
"i just saw a middle-aged man dance to 50 cent & jeremih's \down on me\"" a few moments ago - a definite hallmark moment  playful """
is wondering why the concept of personal space is foreign to some people   
"actor game-\actor i was given: halle berry\movie i loved: x-men trilogy\movie i liked: swordfish\movie i hated: catwoman\\like this and i'll give you an actor   "
"it's hard to wait, but even harder to give up   "
i have veins popping out from behind my ears  i have officially creeper myself out  that would make the hulk jealous   smile 
"is listening to \what they do\"" by the roots at the moment  thank you pandora for reminding me what great hip hop sounds like  smile """
i'm wishing my stats in the 360 version of black ops could transfer to my newly acquired ps3 version   
paying for last night's trip to <propfemale> garden  it was worth it though - good food and good people 
gears of war 3 in less than 4 hours   
definitely wasn't planning on a 2+ hour workout tonight; juggernauts apparently don't stop  gow 3 in less than an hour   
i'm posting this on behalf of the 3 girls here at gamestop in support of their gamer bfs  they  all  look  pissed  lol 
"two hours in to my gears of war 3 late night bender, and i find myself wanting cookies   "
google wallet + nexus s 4g = win
so it's just about 10 smile 0 in the am and i have a sudden urge to go to the gym  this is unusual even by my standards   
"i have an important, ground-breaking announcement to make: i like cookies  smile "
"when i was 17 i   \worked at- the gap\wanted to be- a superhero   and a physicist\was in a relationship with- no and body\i was afraid of- failure\i drove- a palm <propfemale> bus\like this and i'll give you an age"
"to the confused chick in publix annoyed it is my duty to inform you that ugg boots and the pajama shorts you walked out the house in were not meant to go together  s m h "
no more mini-fro  haircuts are awesome  smile 
so i was in gnc a moment ago and the guy in front of me was having the clerk check other stores for male enhancement pills    awkward 
