252b1ee945305fdae1448d97ddfe63f8
to all my friends and family     have a safe and happy new years <propfemale>!!!!! 2010 is going to be fabulous!!!!!
"umm, umm  good, umm, umm, good    that's what lisa's soup is      umm, umm, good!!!!!!"
"wah wah wah   my motto    if you can't take the cold, stay out of the freezer!!!!!"
okay   i'm going out to the freezer to go help at the theater  if you don't here from me again you'll know i froze    
hello 
another beautiful day!!!! watcha gonna do with it?????
pic of the kids
6 surprise 0 and all is well!!!! another monday over  did you have a good day???
isn't autum beautiful????? especially when you get to rake all of the neighbors leaves out of your yard!!!!!! gotta love it!!!
half-way through the work week!!!! yea!!!!!
"rain, rain go away !!!!!!!!"
desperate housewives      gotta love em!!!!!!
get your <propmale> hankees out!!!!
brrrrrrrrrrrr       welcome to winter minnesota!!!!!!
love sundays     football and desperate housewives!!!!!
to all the girls from the hood     you know what i miss the most ???? sunday cooking     remember????
ibby     welcome to facebook!!!!
guess what???? it's sunday      desperate housewives!!!!!!
"facebook e playful eriment   if you are reading this whether you do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head  when you are finished post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
happy halloween!!! have a ghoulish kind of day!!!!
trick or treat?????  which do you pick? and what would it be???
happy birthday to my mom!!!!!! you're the best!!!!!
"got meatloaf in the oven, fried potatoes and corn on the stove     waiting for <propfemale> to get home from school    "
tired of frickin whiners!!!!!!
thank you to all the veterans     you are very appreciated and loved!!!!
thank you to my personal veteran <propmale>     i love you!!!!!
just to let you all know     the infamous <propfirst> favre was here in little ole <propfemale> this past weekend!!!!! oooooh
going to an auctoin today     maybe i'll find some treasures!
"***hacker warning!*** there is a new way to hack your facebook  a notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status, it will open a new <propfemale> and tell you to re-enter your facebook user name and password  the <propfemale> looks just like the fb login <propfemale> so be on the look out!! please repost this to your status to let your facebook family & friends know"
to all you mothers out there that have said that they can't wait for their kid to turn 18 and move out    the empty nest isn't all it's cracked up to be!!!! i really miss my kid and she has only been gone a week!!! can't wait for her to come home    i miss you <propfemale>!!!!!!!
"if you and i woke up in jail together, using only four words, what would you say to me? (copy and paste this to your status and see the answers you get!)"
happy thanksgiving to all my family and friends      wishing all safe traveling and good eating!!!!!
"went to go see th new christmas <propfirst> tonight, but ended up helping out at the theater    maybe tomorrow  had fun anyway      "
just got done baking about 20 dozen cookies for christmas      
"went to moms for christmas   had a great time     took 2 hours to get home, all safe and sound  <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night!!!!!"
"okay    after 30+ years of driving and never having an accident     2 mishaps in th last 6 months , is the car jinxed or has my luck run out????"
grey
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't!!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!!!"
"pass it on!~!!~saints on the ground, saints on the ground, looking like a fool cuz the vikes put them down!! turf in your mouth, helmet turned sideways  thinking you could rule, got you looking like a fool  walking around town with your heads <propmale> down  who dat! saints on the groun   d saints on the ground!! looking like fools cuz the vikes put them down!!!"
are we ready for some football?!!!!!!
hell nooooo!!!!!!!
okay let's rally for our boys!!!!!
on the kitchen table
don't know if i like this new fb set-up     get used to one way and it's hard to change      but then change is good        right?
let it snow       let it snow       let it snow!!!!!
happy valentines day to everyone!!! enjoy the ones you love     near and far    today and everyday!!
so taday for my birthday i took the day off work       i'm hitching a ride on the bus with the senior citizens and going to the casino!!!! jusr prepping for when i'm really old!!!! hahahahaha          diamond joes here i come       !!!!
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!! had a blast with the old folks today     the machines weren't paying though, imagine that!!!! no biggie    had a great time anyway "
hi my name is lisa         and i am addicted to texas holdem on fb     lol    way to much fun!!!!!
"a song is just music, until the lyric are said  a book is just words, until its read, and a hug is open air, until her arms are spread "
ahhh   the sounds of spring   birds singing and the buzz of            chainsaws!!!!
different time    different place   what if????
if i stand here silent  i almost start to feel you fading in   telling me to hold on   cuz it's gonna be alright
somewhere in the darkness there's a light that i can't find      maybe it's too far away or maybe i'm just blind 
you drive me crazy!!
and i know you fell helpless now   and i know    you feel alone    that's the same road   that i'm on         
i wanted you to know     that i love the way you laugh     i want to hold you high and steal your pain                                                                                                                        away
in a box     high up on the shelf    meant for you      no one else   there's a piece of a puzzle known as life     wrapped in guilt                sealed up tight 
in this world there's real and make believe       this seems real to me
"this lifes your cup      so drink it up, i say   "
time passes but you must move on          half the distance takes you twice as long    
hmmmmmmm         
happy mothers day to all you mothers!!!!!!
i wanna rock your gypsy soul       
all i wanna do is let it be and be with you and watch the wind blow by      
"to all my wonderful fb friends      i do not play farmville, cafe world or mafia wars anymore  thank-you very much for your generosity  please quit sending me shit "
everyone listens   but not everyone hears
"<propfemale> graduates today!!! my baby is all grown up  congratulations <propfemale>!!!!\love you!!!"
can you say    day from hell!!
thank you to all the men and women who have and are serving our country!!
thanks to everyone who came and <propmale> out yesterday in the rain at katies open house  was great seeing all of you again!!! need to get together again this summer!!! thanks again!!!!!
for it was not into my ear you whispered   but into my heart  it was not my lips you kissed   but my soul 
had a fabulous time at on the crunchy side last night                         felling a little crunchy myself today 
lifes a lot to think about sometimes    when you keep it in between the lines      
what you read      is who i am 
the only way out       is letting your gaurd down       and never die forgotten            
go netherlands!!!!!!!!  orange all the way!!!!
"snobby\girls come from new york, sweet girls come from alabama    but we minnesota\girls have fire and ice in our blood  we can ride four wheelers, be\a <propfemale>, throw left hooks, and drink with the boys   and if we \have an opinion, you know you're gonna hear it!!!!    \   re-post      if   you're a true minnesota girl!!!"
great night out with the girls    thanks <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!!! gotta do it again    soon!!!!
woo hoo!!!! <propfemale> got a job!!!
even a blind squirrel finds an acorn in the woods once in awhile    
naptime
n-ice
"waiting for the big    \ta-da\"""""
"we adore those who ignore us    we ignore those who adore us  we love those who hurt us     and hurt those who love us \     \       ironic huh   ?"
chasing dreams with a firefly net       
it's okay to kiss a fool      it's okay to let a fool kiss you     but never   let a kiss fool you     ;p
arrrrr       to all me scurrvy mateys an saucy wenches     have a grrrrreat pirate day   arrrrrrr     
wisdom is accepting that some days you are the pigeon      and some days you are the statue  ;p
procrastinators will rule the world                                                    someday ;p
i have the b(o)(o)bies     i make the rules!! ;p
we hide    to be found  we walk away    to see who will follow  we cry    to see who will wipe away our tears  we let our hearts get broke    to see who will fix them  ;p
if you don't stand for something    you will quite easily fall for anything  ;p
it is a known fact that you can not lick your elbow            ;p
"life is short     break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably (hohohohahahahehehe) and never regret anything that made you smile  ;p"
"if she's amazing, she won't be easy  if she's easy, she won't be amazing  if she's worth it, you won't give up  if you give up, you're not worthy    ;p"
tomorrow never knows       ;p
scooby doobie doooooooooo                  ;p
don't sweat the petty stuff      and most definately   don't pet the sweaty stuff     ;p
whether to turn left when there's nothing right    or to turn right when there's nothing left    ?  ;p
the eyes will see what they want to see      the ears will hear what they want to hear       but the heart feels what is real   ;p
"one day you will ask me     \what do you value more    me or your life?\"" i will reply    \""my life \""   you will walk away    not knowing that you are my life       ;p"""
our hearts hide what we can not say    our eyes say what we try to hide   ;p
if you never <propmale> what you want    you will never get it  if you never ask    the answer is always no  if you never step forward    you will always be in the same place   ;p
~past your eyes and beyond your dreams      is the place where your soul sings~   ;p
"laugh until your body aches         \cry until you start to shake               \live like the world is yours to take            \love as though your heart won't break                ;p"
through all the little twists and turns that life takes you     the most beautiful and memorable are the ones that take your breath away      ;p
"for every beauty, there is an eye somewhere to see it     for every truth, there is an ear somewhere to hear it     for every love, there is a heart somewhere to receive it      ;p"
bobbin the bone                        ;p
<propfemale> may decide who touches my life    but my heart decides who touches my soul     ;p
never look back    never say no    never regret    and    never let go           ;p
i never asked for someone who could give me the <propfemale> and the stars      just someone to watch them with me     is enough      ;p
the wall around my heart is not to keep people out    but to find out who cares enough to tear it down to come in       ;p
headin out to play poker with the boys      cha <propfemale>!!!  ;p
if i didn't meet you    i wouldn't have liked you  if i didn't like you    i wouldn't care  if i didn't care    i wouldn't miss you   but     i did     i do     and i will          ;p
you don't want the kind of love you can live with    you want the kind of love you can't live without      ;p
"some want a \happy ending\""        i want an awesome story!  ;p"""
ok   everyone else is doing it   so i gotta too  send a number any number to my inbox and i will post what i have to say about you on my wall         come on         ;p
17   first of all   my lucky #  even tho we haven't know eachother for very long   it seems like a long time  you are one of the few people i can tell anything   and you listen    thanks for that  smile   we never run out of things to talk and laugh about    and you know how we love to laugh  love hangin with you and yours   don't have many i would call a best friend   but you are one  love ya girlie  smile 
69 or 77    hmmmm   look forward to seeing you every week   puts a smile on my face when you walk in with all your love and happiness  ;p would really love to have a few with you sometime    think it might be outta hand  definately want a ride on your <propmale> next summer    glad i met ya  wink 
29    good times going to <propmale> world   and making that run for chinese food on a monday!!!! haha   remember that? i think you are cool    even tho you talk funny       and are a saints fan    playful   had some good times hangin with ya  don't see ya too much since you moved  keep in touch    
36    don't know ya too well    but what i do know      you are a kind and caring person   all about family!! need to go gambling with ya sometime    would be fun  funny how people meet    huh?
10    tough one    still gettin to know ya   find myself being leary of you   you are nice    and not used to that  you are caring and know how to say the right thing  i think we have a lot of things in common   and thats a good thing   wink   would definately like to get to know you better   see if you have a    not so nice side       wink   definately worth persuing    
5     my light at the end of a long tunnel     finding you was the beginning of seeing all the other lights out there again   thank you  we have had a lot of laughs and a few tears   but i think that's what makes the bond so strong  my wish for you is to be happy  follow your heart   where ever that may take you    but remember i will be here for you til the day i die    no matter what   luv ya man    xx
13     haven't spent alot of time together    so i feel like i don't really know you that well yet    but there's alot of time for that  all i know is that you make someone very important in my life happy and that's what matters most  have had some good laughs   really good laughs    watt!!! i know there will be plenty more   in the years to come 
69       mmmmm   you caught me at a moment when my gaurd was down    doesn't happen very often  you have seen a side of me that very few have    i'm okay with that    thanks  ;p like i said   gimme some time  would really like to get to know you better   pick your brain       something about you   don't know what for sure   makes me curious  would really like to get to know you      ;p
4749320      you amaze me     you make me laugh    you make me cry    love you sooooo much  i am so proud of you    everything you have done and all you have been through  sometimes i wish things could have been different    but then not so sure you would be who you are if they had  all i want for is to be happy     love you!!!!
420     love it!!!! you are hilarious    laugh hard with you  don't let your leg fall asleep   wow  i know you are young and havin fun    but i worry about you    i see alot of me in you  not that i think that's a bad thing    just be careful  love you to death      think we should chill more often too      be good!!!!
102     wow    we go back a long ways    many good memories  remember when i was all freaked out that one time   i had dreams about you gettin into an accident in that red car    like 3 nights in a row    wow  really glad to hear from you again        think we should get together sometime      reminisce or whatever      ;p
696969     love ya to death   you were my only friend in this isolated hell for quite awhile   thank you for that  had some good times just hangin out     i know you have had a few canyons in your road in the past   but look at where you are now  i believe things happen for a reason     be an optimist   not a pessimist   much easier that way 
wanna thank everyone who sent me #'s    had a good time doin it  kinda theraputic     if ya didn't send me one   go ahead   if you dare    ;p
"2816     familiar number   many years of drama, trauma and laughs  miss you more than you know  loved the sunday cookin    and your baking (of course)  you are a big hearted person and were always there and still are when a shoulder to cry on was needed  thank you  !! oh yeah   really miss those neck rubs  magic fingers you got there!  wink "
385695214526870005973012544265456    whew   outta space        ;p  funny    something you are  make me laugh  still gettin to know you   but i like what i know  hmmmm   still alittle ticked about that poker game    maybe one more scooby snack will fix that   hehe    ! lookin forward to gettin to know you better    might not be til summer tho     hahaaa 
sometimes one hello     makes you never want to say goodbye     ;p
silence can't be misquoted       ;p
love leaves a memory that no one can steal    it also    leaves a scar that no one can heal        ;p
"the man who says    \it can't be done\""        should not interrupt the woman doing it   ;p"""
the sexiest thing a woman can wear is     confidence    ;p
you know when someone truly loves you       you see it in their eyes    and feel it in your soul         ;p
<propfemale> christmas to all   and to all a goodnight!  ;p
real women aren't perfect     perfect women aren't real     ;p
if i get what i want     will i want what i get      ?  ;p
if you can read my eyes   then you will know how my heart feels   because my eyes are the windows to my heart and soul
seduction isn't about making someone do what they don't want to do     seduction is about enticing someone into doing what they secretly want to do       ;p
great minds think alike    dirty minds work together       ;p
"i thought a thought, that i thought i had thought, but the thought, that i had thought, wasn't the thought, that i had thought, i had thought      hmmmm     ;p"
when you smile for no reason    just know   it's the kiss i blew       finally reaching you       ;p
you may not be able to control the wind    but you can always adjust your sails    ;p
i'm like a puzzle    so many different pieces to me   but   when observed thoroughly   you'll figure me out          maybe ;p
better to take a risk    than to miss a moment       ;p
you have me lost in my own thoughts         ;p
it's often the smallest things that make us smile the most        ;p
love     we think about it   dream about it   lose sleep thinking about it  it's just a small word      easy to spell    difficult to understand    and      impossible to live without       ;p
time decides who you meet in your life    your heart decides who you want in your life          ;p
love is finding yourself in someone   and    losing yourself in someone at the same time       ;p
"\all meaningful and lasting change starts first in your imagination and then works it's way out  imagination is more important than knowledge \""  \",252b1ee945305fdae144 laugh 97ddfe63f8,i'm not feeling myself today   perhaps i should feel someone else      ;p
if you live your life always pleasing others     is it your life then   ?  ;p
keys  ;p
if you're not with me     you're against me      if you're against me     well   hello there       ;p
"friends don't have to be lovers      but     lovers have to be friends       playful \hope everyone had a great valentines day!"
tell a lie once    and all your truths become questionable        ;p
is anyone else thinking what i'm thinking     ??   ;p
but officer       i'm stober     ;p
trying to forget someone you loved    is like      trying to remember someone you never met      ;p
"both personality types have an uncanny ability to see both sides of an argument without prejudice, making them excellent problem-solvers  while very much attuned to the energies around them, aquarians have a deep need to take time out alone and away to rejuvenate themselves  the keyword for this sign is imagination  the aquarian can see a world of possibilities even when there appears to be none   hmmm   ;p"
"thought this was quiet interesting   aquarian personality\aquarians present themselves in one of two ways  one on hand, you’ll see someone who is shy, and quiet  on the other, an aquarian can be boisterous, eccentric, and energetic  both are deep thinkers with a love of helping others  highly intellectual, this is a sign of fierce independence that prizes intuition tempered with logic"
"off to see  \no strings attached\""   ;p"""
if you could be any flavour jelly belly jelly bean    what kind would you be   and why       ;p
assumptions are a poor substitute often employed by those ignorant of any solid facts     you either know    or you don't     there is no in between      ;p
say    irish wristwatch   ;p
if you love me    i will love you  if you respect me    i will respect you  if you need me    i will always be there  if you treat me like nothing    you will get nothing    ;p
"an adventure is an event, which creates an emotion, which results in a memory  ;p"
my feather wants to go on a road trip    ;p
i may not be your favorite crayon    but someday you will need me to finish your picture    ;p
the soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears  ~cherokee proverb   ;p
you laugh because you think i'm kidding     i smile because i know i'm not       ;p
don't make assumptions based on your own perceptions          ;p
i don't have to have you    i'll just have you when i want you      ;p
"listen well   \continue to learn   \laugh often   \walk to the edge   \play with abandon   \have no regrets   \live with intensity   \love hard and well      ;p"
the only thing greater than the power of the mind    is the courage of the heart   ;p
sexy bitch shoes are goin out tonight   ;p
did you ever stop to think  and forget to start again?   <propfemale> the pooh  ;p
you must really excite me   everytime i talk to you   my middle finger gets stiff   ;p
running around in squares          ;p
if food falls in your cleavage   do you eat it    ?   ;p
the mind is a dangerous thing  when left to wander     ;p
the size of your next step doesn't matter as much as the direction      ;p
be yourself and you'll never have anything to hide      ;p
the cost of not following your heart   is spending the rest of your life     wishing you had           ;p
"new virus on fb using your pictures  it says you've been tagged in a picture, wants you to click on a link to see it  then hacks into your computer & all your accounts including banking & other secure accounts  it destroys your computer  once hacked into your comp; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been tagged in pics & starts the process again  please re-post urgent"
"\dream as if you have forever   but live as if you only have today \""  <propfirst> <propfirst>   ;p"""
they say nothing in life is impossible      you try to nail jelly to a tree  ;p
"okay   lets see how creative you all are  how long we can get this story         ;p  walking along a path, suddenly something tapped me on the back, i turned around          "
well cover me in bubble wrap and squeeze me till i pop       ;p
if you were any more awesome     you'd be me!   ;p
"breakingnews: the pity train has just derailed at the intersection of suck it up & move on, and crashed into we all have problems, before coming to a complete stop at get the heck over it  any complaints about how we operate, can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with dr  sniffle reporting live from quitchur bitchin'  if you like this, repost it  if you don't   suck it up buttercup! life doesn't revolve around you!!!"
"pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! my generation grew up reciting this every morning in school with my hand on my heart  they no longer do that for fear of offending someone! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re- post this & not care about offending"
"if a thoughtless thought is thought, would a thought thoughtlessly think of thoughtless thoughts whenever thinking thoughts are thoughtless? hmmmm    what a thought   ;p"
look in my eyes and you will find me    look in my heart and you will find yourself       ;p
a girl without curves is like a road without corners      you get where you're going quickly       but it's boring as hell!!    ;p
sorry is like a band aid    just because you use it        doesn't mean the wound is healed         ;p
