5a99aff2f101213e08456d684aabe697
? please ?e? ?his yea? be ?he one whe?e i? a?? s?a??s ?o ge? be??e?!! ?
leavin in the morning to il with the family     
hello pooh
"finally home, had a good time with family!waitin to see all the pics  smile "
"cmthrfcknt!!!          hot or not       ????????!!!!!                   \coreymuthafuckintaylor\"""""
~ ~ oh no!!! my mic?owave s?a??ed on ? fi?e ? !! wha? ?he h**l am i gonna do wi?hou? i???!! i live ou??a ?he?e!! ~ ~
i didn? ge? a facebook accoun? ?o p?omo?e o?he? peoples d?ama!! so do me a favo? & save all the pe??y bullshi? for somewhe?e else 
has to find daycare for caydence before this week is over!!!
is actually going to work in the morning!!!!!!! whoa 
??eady 4 this 1??              up & getting ?eady for wo?k!! ?
getti? ?eady for the american foundation for suicide prevention community walk tomo??ow!!
juz go? home af?e? a good day @ ?he afsp commu?ity walk!
"true blood season finale    are they serious or was that episode a joke? im @ a loss for words, completely dissapointed!!  the worst s**t i've ever seen!! wtf??!! i'm almost embarrassed i even watch the show after that crap       sad "
? bou? ?a do da ya?d wo?k     which is cool wit?h me cuz i?s no? ho? o? <propfemale> ?oday ?
"aquarius horoscope for september 15, 2009                    you are optimistic in a way that can prevent you from facing important though unpleasant facts  instead, you must have a can-do attitude while handling complexities and disappointing developments        great, how uplifting"
"aquarius horoscope for september 17, 2009                    an issue that's important to you is under subtle attack  be sure that people are who they say they are  deceptive advertising, false covers are used to deceive you where you care most   ? soundz like those damn haterz are @ it again!"
if you're not paying attention to the game - don't play it!
"aquarius horoscope for september 20, 2009                    you can give too much attention to broad topics of philosophy or distant places, which have little bearing on the challenges in front of you  you need to focus on tasks that you want to put off but should not "
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
"iz too old for spy games, if ya wanna know something just ask me     "
"debt, debt, debt!!!!!!!"
"  will be forever amazed by the selfish ignorance of the ones who call themselves \best\""           """
i do deserve better           
wtf!!!???? you people all suck!
? *if anxiety attacks can be deadly then i think i might not make it to tomorrow cuz mine iz thru the roof and its driving me insane!!!!!!! *?
just want it all to go away                        
"damn, looks like everyone is on facebook tonight! hello all!"
"maybe its just the way i think but     when you gotta tell lies about someone else in an attempt to make yourself look better, then u might as well cheat when your playing solitaire    cuz they are both pretty pathetic"
"january 21 ~ february 19  you can't escape your history and you can't run from your past -- wherever you go, you'll have to deal with both  the worst part of it is, you're starting to realize where it all went wrong   €  realizing was never my issue, i juz couldnt accept it  damn, truth hurts thats for sure"
january 21 ~ february 19  ? releasing those emotional chains will help you discover something new -- that's why it's a great day to free yourself from something or someone that's been bothering you     ? its been a long time comin anyway    consider it done
"aquarius horoscope for october 19, 2009                    you are feeling that action is required regarding your job or career  daring plans can be on your agenda  it's important to be assertive without cutting down others for their perceived defects "
"aquarius-               nothing is simple for you -- ever -- you make sure of it! you can't decide if you're grumpy because you have too much alone time or not enough  either way, you just don't like the company you're keeping "
"to change fb back to the old way    go to the left side menu, click 'more', drag status update to the top and then click on staus update and then you should be back to the old way   "
"aquarius horoscope for october 29, 2009                    you e playful ect things to come easy when in fact you need to demonstrate initiative  don't put your hopes on someone else; if you want something, take the responsibility "
"wait a minute what did that say     oh, one of the best scores in the world!!!! oh yhea!!"
oh shit   thinkin i lost my damn phone at hyvee today    great
cant wait to hear what petty bullshit you 's<propfirst> tellin ass bitches' have to say about me next    it just keeps gettin better and better!!next   
? rip  <propfemale> murphy  ?
"?? i guess at this point      all i can do, is keep whishing on a <propfemale>      and hope ??"
?? €eleb?ating €aydences 3?d bi?thday 2day      & then €h?istmas iz 2mo??ow    woo-hoo! ƒun ƒun ƒun!! ??
   wish i didnt have this heavy feeling in my heart or this lump in my throat     today was supposed to be at least one happy day     
? i ha?e ßei?g sic?    ßu? aƒter a day i? ?he e?erge?cy roo? & couple hours on iv   ƒeeli?g ?uch ße??er ?ow!!
"put this as your status if  you or somebody you know has suffered baby loss  ??? the majority won't  put it on, because unlike cancer, baby loss is a taboo  ??? break the  silence  ??? in memory of all the ~angel~ babies gone too soon but never  forgotten about!! ?"
???
zzzzz    ?    ???     ?    zzzzz
??-?
bored              !!!        ??-
? ?hanks ?o eve?yone ƒo? a?? ?he bi??h?ay wishes!!  ?
"¤´¯`- juz a?o?h??\?i?? & ?xci?i?g\"" ?ay    y?a ?igh?!  ? -´¯`¤  lol"""
     so tired of feeling like crap!!
how iz i? possib?e ?o be on pe?coce? & 800mg mo??in & still have a sp?i??ing hea?ache!!??
"ahhh   fi?a??y got my hair ?cut, co?o?ed, and high?ighted    fee?i? good! \??-?"
"?mmmmm   steak, corn on the cob, & pasta salad  thanx for the excellent dinner billy!\??-?"
"? finally, a nice day to be outside!!\?"
    uuugh    
had a great time carving pumpkins with family and friends!! 2morrow-trick or treating   caydence is so excited!!
"this is the rest of the meaning that it  didnt post annoyed ike the summer months it represents, this card reflects family, \holidays, and a sharing of good times with loved ones  the negative \association might mean delays, bad judgment or an inflated ego  the sun \is powerful enough though that even if there are some negative \associations, the person will pull through with a happy ending "
hmmmm      broccoli beef & egg rolls for dinner it is!!
"just chillin, shootin sum pool in da basement     damn its been awhile, need to brush up on my skills!!! \??-?"
what to do      op o? ????????
didnt e playful ect to be this freakin bored while <propfirst> is outta town    
"so, im standing in my moms front yard   just woke up   smoking my morning cigarette   when outta no where i get charged by 2 big ass deer!! wth!? lol"
"went out to dinner with one a my most missed best friends and our lil girls  had a good time, definitely long over due!! now its kinda got me missin the days when all we had to do was kick it! \?"
"?finally got to get out for a lil while last night!!  had a good time celebrating my big bros birthday @ da pool hall with my whole family, for the first time ever!! and cant wait to do it again! ?(a huge thank you to chaaad for stayin with caydence & makin it possible!! your the best!!)\ ?"
"               ?               zzzzzzzz                \?"
???
"geesh, the walking dead (on amc) is ¤intense¤ !!!"
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood, and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) next week, we hope to see less human faces on facebook, and instead, an invasion of childhood memories this is for awareness of violence against children, a    great cause!"
?
"why isnt facebook sending me notifications?!?! how the hell am i supposed to know whats goin on when i got +700 people on my friends list?!! they better fix whatever they messed up when they switched to these messy lookin, cluttered profiles  cuz w out notifications facebook is pointless!!"
"damn i gotta craving!! looks like im bout to make some \no bake\"" cookies!"""
hates feelin like shit!!!
"wow, did i really just sit here and cry (for real)@ the end of titanic??"
? perfectly clear night! excellent view of the lunar eclipse here in omaha ne!! ?
"my day got off to a late start, as usual    but thats ok because we had a really good time with the family! really cant go wrong when you mix good food with even better people!! thanks for the great gifts everyone, love ya ?"
? happy 4th birthday caydence raine!! ?
? december 30th and a beautiful 60° in nebraska!? really?! its too bad caydence is sick and running a temp     would be nice to get out and stretch our legs for awhile!!
? 2day sux ?
"ok so as i scroll down my facebook 'family' list i am seeing a pattern to every ones status     and i can obviously guess who you guys are talking about, but what its about is what i wanna know!!"
? i love having a face book <propfemale> on my birthday!! i makes me feel so special! lol  thank you everyone!! ???
? ? thanks again every1 for all the birthday wishes! ? ?
   is not going to freak out about not having a working computer anymore       @#$%&*^!@#$%^!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
    is officially starting a new 'job' on tuesday feb 15th 2011 @ 9 surprise 0am     
"** week #1 of work for me & daycare for 'ruby': done, w flying colors!! **"
"wow, so glad i dont work on mondays because i am draggin ass today!! uugh "
"we have been lucky enough the past 4 years that caydence has never had more than a cold, or a sore throat     untill last night! im thinkin poor '<propfemale>' has the flu, up and down all night long & cant keep anything down! but she is handling it so well, i just hope it doesnt last too much longer!!"
"went grocery shopping yesterday, get home and put bout $300 worth of food away    only to then realize my freaking fridge freezer is goin out!! wtf!! it wont even keep the ice cubes frozen  sad  anyone gotta decent working fridge they are willing to donate?! !"
