3aea7127cf6f873f8f88a4eb281c8719
"had such a fatastic mother's day, thanks to fantastic kids "
today is my # 1 son's birthday   what better than to wish him a fantastic birthday than on facebook   i love u son    from the mom
"having a heck of a time on typing maniac   tried to play three times and my keystrokes didn't show up   just like i turned on the game and sat and watched as absolutely nothing happened and before that, i had to refresh the <propfemale> to start a new game and my new score would not show up   very dissapointing     "
a great big happy birthday to my very good friend <propfemale> manuleleua-tafua        
"you know <propfemale> that the people with the most birthdays, live a longer life;;;lol"
"saw same relatives from way way back at the maep ged graduation ceremonies today and thought it would be easy to find them on facebook, but not having a lot of luck   names are <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> gomez   <propfemale> and my son both graduated today, and neither was aware of the other   i want to keep in touch   <propfemale>'s son <propfirst> was also there   any help would be appreciated "
"had a great time this afternoon at the maep ged graduate ceremony in san <propfirst> today   hey <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propfemale> gomez get in touch w me here on facebook   can't find you   congratulations <propfirst> & <propfemale> on your accomplishments "
"having so much work done on the place where i live, can't hardly take the stress it causes me "
i put this silly doorbell up and thought it was kind of cute   i had to bribe the person who rang it (not really)   guess it wasn't as cute as i thought
"my <propfemale> tree in frontierville is going to wilt cause i can't get any energy   i'm holding up a sign \will work for food\"" as i speak                                       """
watched the espys tonight and <propfirst> <propfirst> was  on speaking about his fight against cancer   does anyone else out there think he looks like <propfirst> lithgow?  i think they could be brothers 
"just wanted everyone to know that i have an awesome grandaughter   actually more than one   they make me smile and appreciate life every day   everyone should have at least 2 of them   grandsons are pretty special too, especially mine, and so talented too   here's to you <propmale>    and special hellos to <propfemale> and alexamdria "
went to see inception today   highly recommend it   lots of action and of course there is <propmale>   you get your money's worth with this one 
virus coming thru keep a watch out everyone
"children with special needs don't have an illness, so they are not contagious  they want what we all want - to be accepted  most of you probably won't copy and paste this, but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least one hour?"
"einstein said: i never failed, i just found thousands of ways that didn't work"
"\pleasure on the job puts perfection in the work\"" can u believe that's a quote from aristotle?  luv that one"""
"today the mind is a blank, totally open to new e playful eriences"
it's like totally open to suggestions today
"this is my bc big boi, looking out the window trying to find his squirrel buddies "
"it's saturday, and i am actually off today   back to work tomorrow for 3 days, then off for 1 more   what can i say "
"now it's sunday wqrk for 2 more days then get a day off, yeaaaaaa"
"work is spelled work, not wqrk, but it means the same thing "
"2 more days of work and then another day off, yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
"today, a day of leisure, then back to work tomorrow"
going to catch some z's i hope  tomorrow looms in the near future  a new start   so for now its goodnight all    catch you in the am 
"it is a beautiful day today, sun shining and all is right with the world "
"well, i guess its off to bed, catch a few z's   talk and play tomorrow "
"went to see the other guys and it was hella funny, a great comedy   don't miss it if you want to laugh your ass off "
here's a thought:  we are all just spirits going through the human e playful erience   roll that one around in your head for awhile 
today is a good day!
today is freaky friday the 13th my friends   what will walmart have in store for me today?  in a couple of hrs i will find out   wish me a good day please   thank you 
"day off, day off, whatever's clever   to quote someone close to me \i've got things to do\"""""
"going to the show today,going to see dinnerfor schmucks"
it's a beautiful day and i am going to take advantage of it 
just wanted everyone out there to know today is my awesome grandson <propmale> mata's birthday   i love you <propmale>   keep drumming!!!!!!!! happy birthday to you!
"well, today is my actual friday and my walmart friday   happy happy joy joy everyone   have a great, wonderful, exciting, exhilerating, friggin friday!!!!!!!!!!!"
i'm a baller on a budget!  just thought i'd throw that out there   happy monday everyone 
i think the earth is flat  who's with me?
off to work  whoopeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!  check back in after 10 
one more day and i get a day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  welcome to walmart everyone 
"dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today!"
"got to get ready for work, ugh!  cheers to anyone who does not have to work,and give us that do, a kind thought   bye for now but not for later!"
i need help  would anyone know where i can buy cheap plane tickets? i would really appreciate any help  thank you!
i need help  would anyone know where i can buy cheap plane tickets? i would really appreciate any help  thank you!
warm weather coming up   it's about time summer showed it's face 
"my puppy <propmale> ran away on farmville and there was a quic message and now i do not now how to get him bac, can someone tell me what to do?  thanks to anyone who can give me some help       "
"i need <propmale> <propfirst> back in my life, he is soooo like my son <propfirst>"
someone needs to tell me how to get my runaway puppy back on farmville    he is sweetie named <propmale> and i need to rescue him and get him back to the farm 
i am soooo happy   i have the best family on earth and in heaven   luv all of you!
go raiders!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you!"
"we are all brothers under the skin   i, for one, would be willing to skin  humanity to prove it "
taking advantage of the info offered on taking pictures of my dog
i have the most awesome friends and family     yea for me!  luv all of you   i am loving my life    hugs to all of you !!!!!!
"thank you friends and family for making this a fantastic birthday   luv to every one of you   you are what life is all about   i luv all of you, especially those who went the extra step to make me feel so very special   and, i got to keep the hat  lololol"
"newgame sad hange your profile picture to your \favorite cartoon from when you werea kid  the goal of this game is to \not see a human picture on facebook but an invasion of childhood \memories until monday  play andpass along!"
"a beautiful lady on earth, and now one of god's special angels   loved and touched by everyone who knew her   i feel her hand on my shoulder telling me everyone will be ok   i sure miss her "
"<propfemale> christmas, <propfemale> christmas, <propfemale> christmas, <propfemale> christmas          "
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a very <propfemale> christmas
"had a ball today   saw back to back flicks   note:  if you haven't seen black swan, make sure you do   it is a must see film   bring with you an open mind   never saw a movie like it   me, my sis in law, and niece went to one flick, me, my sis in law and great nephew went to another   we also had a good lunch at flames   what a way to make an early start to a new year   luv  you <propfemale>, <propfemale> and esp you <propfirst> "
to my family and friends   ring in the new year with love and best wishes to all   2011 is going to be grand with all of you in my life   happy new year to everyone!!
"good night, sleep tight                       "
now i lay me down to sleep!!!!!
"off to work soon   remember:  save money, live better   shop walmart   lol"
"don't know how to cut and paste, but my son holds my heart and i love him dearly  i <propfemale> each moment we have   thank you syl        "
"hi ho, hi ho, its off to work i go   the start of a new week   yippee kayay mf      everyone i know have a fantastic week, just like i plan to do   luv ya all                 "
"they say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but you will always love them     re-post if you are blessed to have at least 1 of these friends in your life "
"they say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but you will always love them     re-post if you are blessed to have at least 1 of these friends in your life "
"once upon a time there was a sweet, loving, shy, little girl whom everyone adored  one day she up and disappeared and left in her place was me   deal with it "
my mind is open to suggestions   this should be interesting
"today is regular friday, and my walmart wednesday   happy both to all of you "
it's my baby girl's birthday today!  yippee kayee!  the best in the world to you my daughter   luv you soooo much! have an awesome day!  wear your b'day shirt  lol  luv         the mom
"monday, monday, walmart monday!!!!!  and off to work i go!!!!!hi ho hi ho!!!!!!!!"
today is my grandaughter french's birthday   she is a whopping 14 yrs old and one of the world's most beautiful peoploe inside and out   gamma loves you french   have a wonderful day birthday <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!! xoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxo
2 more days of work   i will miss the superbowl and that really sucks!  thank you walmart   i love my job!!! go packers!!!!!
"yes, it is walmart wednesday my friends   lets all cheer!!!!!  wednesday is here!!!!!"
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right!"
"hey people out there, i need some more friends to play cityville with   i am a great neighbor, and a good facebook friend   come on, someone out there, and play this fun game with me   pretty, pretty please   thanking anyone who wants to do this in advance   have a great day!!!!!!!"
"hi ho, hi ho---- off to work i go!!!!! it's walmart thursday for me!!!"
it's finally freaky friday!!!!!!! yes yes yea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it is my monday today and raining  yuck   wish me luck and lots of it!!!
"hi ho hi ho, off to work i go!!!!!!!!"
"another day, another $ 50                                         "
your greatest asset is your mind   your greatest enemy is your mind   go figure!!!!!
feed your head!
"good night sweetheart, it's time to go!!!"
just want to say happy birthday to <propfemale> marroquin!!!!! have an awesome day sweetheart 
"off to 5 guys for dinner   yummmm, best fries ever!!"
"to all my facebook friends who like to eat out please go to my profile and read my review of the boiling crab   dinner sucked, but the company was awesome!!!!!"
i  need factory worker in cityvile   can't get that function to work   come join my factory cityville people   thank you 
"i did not recomend this link   didn't even watch the \video\"""""
strawberry
good night and good luck everyone 
off to work i go   everyone have an awesome day 
"i recommend everyone go to the outback steakhouse in the great mall   service like you could not find anywhere else   oh, make sure you go there with a crazy family   the company can't be beat   what happens at outback, stays at outback  (courtesy of <propfirst> <propfirst>)   smh"
tucking it away for the evening   wish everyone peace and happiness  buenos noches mi amigos amigas 
