00abaf3947becf4063456f0c8090fbc5
can't wait for the bruins to play the winter classic  smile 
new pics sorta kinda stole em from my mom haha     bored chillin hit me up?
im bored outa my mind right now
happy new years mutha fukas all my alcoholics n blunt smokers get fucked up for ur boi! 1love!
ufc125 tonight at my boi garrets bout to head there in a bit should be a good card hope the fights arnt lame
last night was sick went out to nyc to see the groovaloos show nasty breakers then went to the after party with them nyc clubs are banging dont care for clubs but id go there again haha
i got allot on my mind to much actually     but what's new ha ha    chillin really bored nothing to do  annoyed 
shower    cutting my hair    working on getting ready for the the asvab
woke up feeling kinda sick  annoyed    
grrr i want this sickness to go away  sad  i feel so weak haha bored txt me aim me messege me somthing
feeling a little bit better but my eyes feel like they are on fire this sucks ha ha  annoyed 
bored n in a bad mood
chillin not much to do
chilling bored waiting for the hockey game to start   i'm wicked tired n idk why but i am txt me if you want to talk   
"chilling sore resting the body exercising the mind     feeling pretty good kinda bored but aye what's new ha ha     \pain is weakness leaving the body\"""""
chillin relaxing letting the body rest before training later     get at me?
"chillin just got back from the movies \the book of eli\"" was pretty hot not going to lie check it out if you already haven't    get at me aim=h3artless18 or txt if u dont got the number its prob cuz u aint cool haha j k just ask for it"""
"chillin bored     bruins finally broke a 10 game losing streak with a 3-0 shut out verse their rivals the canadians woot! \death is apart of life so whats to fear\"" hockeybuzz bruins"""
chillin on mission me n my boi rza looking for them good girls where you at?
"chillin waiting to go to the gym later    \power is only as strong as the person controlling it\"""""
"chilling got back from the gym a little while ago gotta get that weight up nukka n then i had the best steak n cheese with everything sub mmmm gotta love it     get at me aim txt or call    \the truth is within the lies just read between the lines\"""""
chilling   studying for the asvab    working out     eating ha    sleeping    boring day ahead of me ha ha    txt me call me aim me u know the deal   peace 1!!
chilling writing some new shit haven't wrote in a <propfemale>    maybe studying n then gym    hit up the cell     
chillin bored hit me up?
chillin studying then probably going to watch a movie n bed     txt me
chillin painting my sisters house txt me
chillin studying for my test tomorrow
an the count down begins      test at 2 smile 0     i better pass ha ha   
woot i passed the test!!! boot camp here i come go army!!! =p
chillin still in a really good mood about passing my test for the army so hit me up txt me call me u know    1!
chillin waiting on dinner kind bored message me txt me aim me save me! =p
aggravated chillin bored txt or call me   
chillin watching the bruins game (3-2) bruins lead    message aim or txt me
didn't get much sleep had a bad dream    chilling waiting till 3 to watch the bruins game not doing much else      txt me bored    
chilling bored as always just waiting for time to pass so i can be on my way to ga to see the family n then off to basic    txt call or aim
going to <propfemale> to see the fam on tuesday before im off to boot camp cant wait   txt call u know the deal
chillin in south dartmouth for the weekend hit me up on here cuz im stuck in an area with no service so anyone in the area who wants to chill ill be around till sunday afternoon
chillin board txt me? i leave tomorrow morning at 6am to go back to <propfemale> to see the fam n my baby midnight lol can't wait
finally in ga chillin with the fam n ol friends hit up the cell befor it dies lol left the charger back in <propfemale> getting a new one asap 1
chillin in ga with the fam finally got my charger so txt if u wanna talk
chillin i think my nevres getting to me to much    somone wanna talk? txt or call?
chillin at the beach today was aight might go again friday but im burnt  sad  my sholders killing me haha   txt the cell
chilled at the beach today with the bros n some friends was fun although im burnt  sad  so much pain i cant lift my sholders how am i going to work out now     txt me?
bored not feeling so good     n i wont have a phone for about a week or so   soo if u wanna get a hold of me do it on here or aim or idk dont? haha
chillin went for a jog with the dog feeling relaxed but now i need more to do  smile 
bored cant sleep
chillin bored need something to do tonight
worked out a bit today wit my dude d now im chillin kinda bored dont know what im doing the rest of the day hit me up? make plans? if we in the same area code that is haha
chillin feeling kinda sore but i guess thats a good thing its a sign that i actually worked out   kinda bored tho txt me aim or w e
p90x workout is intense but worth it haha    chillin hit up the cell
chillin    doing p90x later todays yoga? ha    im down  maybe chill wit some ppl? idk hit me up  1
happy mothers day to all u beautiful mothers out there =p hope everyone has a good one
boring day     working out later then idk what   hit me up   soo tired of fake people    
new pics check em out comment?
"wish my summer classes started an ended at the same time so i can have the 15credits i need to go into the army   sicka sitting around here with fake ass friends claiming they my people when on the real i know you aint got my back so stop fronting   trust no one even ur \best friend\"" will stab your heart if they have a clear shot at it   \""never let your walls down for just anyone kid\""-i shoulda listened  """
lets go bruins!!!
omfg bruins u let me down    cant believe u lose after 3-0 lead in both the series n in game 7
happy b-day mom n j camara =x          chillin hlpin my boi move hit up the cell?
chillin not up to much today working out jogging later in the day with my puppy =p hit me up?
so im not feeling so good   was throwing up for liek 2hours earlier  annoyed  feelin like shit hit me up? make me feel better haha    
so my interwiew today was good     got the job 15$ n hour hmm sounds pretty good to me how about u? o an i get to choose my hours   sounds unreal? well i guess we will see when i start training next week right? in a great mood hit me up
going to bed i love getting in contact with old friends  smile  makes my day
just got home from work chillin wit my dude d nhl working out then idk? but we doing something tonight hit me up?
chillin   work?   workingout?    hockey?    good day? hell yea!  smile  hit up the cell make it a great day  laugh 
chillin not doin much today just working n working out    hit me up?
chillin chillin was up at 6 am to go work out with the marines in the brunswick ga recruiting office <propmale> pull ups =15 <propmale> sit ups =60 1 5mil run =10:20 i finished second  smile  overall = i can do better    i will do better     hit me up?
chillin chillin just got back in from a 1 5mile jog wicked tired but feeling good so it was worth it need plans for the weekend tho
chillin about to eat let the food settle then working out hittin the pool n then what?
"\when a man is lost and does not know where to go but feels as tho he has tryd as hard as he can and can no longer stand hes fallen down theres no one around he doesnt have a clue what is right to do should he scream for help? i mean is it worth it what are his options when only death seems perfect\""-jmr"""
whats on my mind   hmmmm i want to start n be done with school alrdy so i can join the <propfemale> corp    thats about it right now    
chillin about to workout   then maybe hit the pool or some cod mw2    then what?
my moma cant you see!!! what this corp has done for me!! put me in a babrbers chair!! snip snap an i had no hair!! and if i die in a combat zone!! box me up and ship me home!! put me in a set of dress blues!! comb my hair an shine my shoes!! pin my medals upon my chest!! tell my moma i did my best!!  my moma dont cry!!! <propfemale> corp modo is do or die!!
just got done running the <propfirst> lanier birdge with my boy <propfirst> there n back killer run about to head to the beach for a bit 2nd part of the workout later hit up the cell to chill
went to the beach today was straight chillin wit my nikka d dezzil for the night got training with the <propfemale> corp recruiters in the am oohrah!
chilling kinda sore from yesterday dont have much planned for today just relexing n recoving anyone wanna do something? hit me up    1   
"new suit im laced up, shoes to the waist up, gun up in the blazer, im an old school gangsta, top hat id rock that, but only on a tilt, wide shoulder suit got me lookin so built, im big like a truck, i dont got a hemi, i do got a semi,   automatic weapon, for anybody step, this will only take a second,"
working out at 6 smile 0am with the <propfemale> corp recruiters can't wait    till then chillin maybe watching some tv or playing some cod    
"i spit real dope my flows real mean, but i could give 2 shits about this hip hop scene, cuz my one true dream, is to be a <propfemale>, put me on the front lines with an m16, hollow tips make em scream, when im ripping through their, they hear bullets fly by, while there rippin through the sky, until a well placed shot hits em in the eye, now his sculls wide open and his brains not inside,"
woke up at 5:50am to work out recruiter wasnt even there so me n a few of the guys worked out anyways i came home passed out chilled for a bit then went to school  finaly home outa class     5-10 the teacher was late and on top of that loved to talk   but i guess today was good  doin it again 2morrow
"the human race is such a let down  haha i hate people 90% of u are fake mutha fukas but a shout out to my real niggas my fam cuz ur blood so no matter how fake u are i still got love for u some where in my heart lol n my bois rza, j, dezzil, lil bro, there is a few more but cant think right now   if u think u on the list u might be if u think ur not n got a problem striagh up fuc u haha"
chillin just got outa class we learned how to do a walk around inspection on a car so we are getting some where cant wait to actually start working on them watching some tv then bed need to rest up for my workout 2morrow    incase u havnt alrdy figured it out no more cell for awhile no need to waste money on something i dont use so get at me on here for a new number to get intouch peace 1
bored outa of my fn mind!! i need something to do!!!! hit me up if u wanna do something     
chillin just woke up a little while ago  not to sure what im doing today probable just chilling working out   training n then who knows? up for just about anything if anyones got som ideas for somthing to do in this p o s town
just woke up a little while ago making breakfast then working on my automotive work maybe workinging out   training? idk yet but i do have class tonight 5-10 atleast i have things to do today
chillin just got home from class me n my boi d sykes got to work on a car today fun shit alot more fun then sitting in class listening to lectures thats for sure lol relaxing for the night watching the jets game then maybe a movies n bed getting up early tomorrow for a workout run  training hit me up on here or the house in the am to chill or chat    peace 1!
chillin chillin just got done running 3miles feeling like i got runners high n it feels great i feel so m*7&@ fu$%n good right now i wish ihad something to do im so hyper i should be tired but im not! not even alittle!!! not at all!!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!
"chillin at the crib rented some movies (raging phoenix, iron man 2, and brothers) going to relax for the night n watch movies with the mom dukes n maybe my brother if he comes home   family time  smile "
chillin prob hitting the bed early to wake up n jog 3-5miles at 7am n then workingout n then jiu jitsu training  smile  cant wait
woke up at 6am to train with my recruiter chilled for a bit around 10 me n my boy <propfirst> had nothing else to do so we went to the church to take karate lessons lol it was actually kinda legit they let us use the mats afterward to do some jiu jitsu n even asked us if we would wanna show them some tricks haha not to sure what im doing for the rest of the day prob just chillin n studying hit me up tho ill be around
yes!!!! <propmale> lesner got fuced up!!!!
"my minds always full but my hearts forever broken, and my visions been blurry since before i started smoking, my head keeps spinning and my knees feel weak, and the truth is i dont remember havn had 1 drink this week, so before i pass out or black out, wake up with a l and a bottle in my hand n head back out, i figured now was a good time to tell you, i was standing on thin ice for years but i finally fell through"
"straight up to all you dumb bitchz n niggaz who be jumpin on other peoples fb's n shit n u dont know who the fuc people are word of advise u should probable find out or just shut the fuc up all together n not respond to a message that wasnt intended for u in the first place or simply say \this isnt the person but ill let them know u message them\"" n leave it at that"""
"so in the middle of trying to unhook my heavy bag from its strap it slipped out of my hand n the clip snapped shut on my thumb    end result a hole in my left thumb nail blood leaking everywhere an me laughing lol it hurts like a bitch but w e shit happens n when people dont get why ur laugh u create a quote \the more u laugh the easier it is to cure the pain\"""""
chillin today was straight <propmale> out wit my lil bro for the most part of the day played some videos games n did some jiu jitsu n worked out not much else to it chillin for the rest of the night txt me or hit me up on here or aim    test 2morrow in my automotive class so study mode!  but hit me up!   peace gods 1
chillin went for a jog this morning to try n start the day right    didnt work   just made me think alot more    not rly sure what else is going on might workout in a bit n get down on some jiu jitsu with the lil bro   class from 5-10 hit me up till then or txt me     1
well i fixed one of my computers now i just need to get the viruses off the other one
word!?
well today started off great woke up made breakfast for my n the lil bro whos birthday is today finally 18 happy birthday bro! then we went to buffalo wild wings for my job interview n um yea    it went great!    i got the job the guy said he loved the way i presented my self n he was impressed with me n said he wanted to start me at $8 50 i cant wait! tryin to do things today so hit me up!
chillin bored cant sleep lets chat?
one <propfemale> ur with someone whos laughing n filled with so much joy n u feel like nothin could hpn then nxt <propfemale> they are slipping away from ur finger tips   i know we had our diffrences but please <propfirst> pull thro this i know u can   for those who pray plz ask god to help <propfirst> da <propfemale> recover from his accident his atv flipped on him n hes got trama n blood in his brain 1lung is filled with blood the other half full
chillin got off work a lil while ago dont rly know what to do but im down to do something
working from 10am-3pm then working from 5pm-10pm    atleast im getting paid     
chillin got off work at alil while ago studying tv training? sounds straight but lets see if we can make it more interesting    
work 10am-3pm then straight to school to study more for my finals class from 5-10 back to work from 10-when they say we can go haha    money money money i got money on my mind    hit up the cell from 3pm-till when ever wont be on while im in work so dont waste ya time  playful  peace n love bitchs n niggas 1!
damn ive worked 50+hours this week sweet deal thos e playful ecting a nice check this week or next cant wait chillin to tired to rly do anything else sippin on some hennessy watching the bruins game n then the fight tonight gsp better win haha txt the phone hit me up on her or w e im off 2morrow n monday lets do something 1
chillin just woke up a lil while ago relaxing for a bit then working out n showering then working 4pm-2am  smile  put in 58hours last week lookin at another 40-50+ this week easy going to have the money for my trip in no time
so far ive worked 40hours this week n still got 9 or so more hours to work sunday over time beotch my check next week going to be baller only thing that sucks about working 2morrow its my birthday bitchs!!! 21 my dudes n dudettes lol hit me up if u wanna do something ima be out with the big bro tonight soon as that clock hits midnight partys on!!
thank you everyone who has and who will wish me happy birthday!!! last night was straight thanks again to the big bro for bringing me out had a good time cant wait to do it again  playful   right now chilling relaxing washing my cloths then work 4pm-1-2am  annoyed  atleast ima make some money not like there is much to do on a sunday anyways
today was chill had lunch with 2good friends for my bday work wasnt to busy n i got off early over all decent birthday lookin forward to my check this week!  smile  now relaxing watching tv for a bit then bed!
just woke up about to go chill wit my boy <propmale> for a bit then work 4pm-close cant wait to get paid friday  smile 
working 4pm-close making that paper off 2morrow and getting paid  smile  so def tryin to get out n do some shit so wud up with makin plans people? hit up the cell or inbox me if u do not have my number cuz 2morrow going to be a banging day after i get paid   1
kinda pissed off my work fucked up my rate again im suppose to be at 8 50 they paid me 7 50 im getting rly annoyed if i wasnt tryin to go up to <propfemale> in a few months i would alrdy quit but atleast the gm said hed fix it for me this week stupid fuckin manager said she fixed it for me last time lieng bitch this the type a shit that makes a nigga wanna slap a hoe lmao
im so fockin bored lol someone hit me up!! lets chat lets meet up some where lets do something!!! im unbelievably bored!!!
just woke up chillin n relaxin till work 4pm-11pm then hitting the gym with my boi <propmale> then probably just going to come home n sleep after that not to sure when i work monday but tryin to figure out some things to do this week so lets make plans     1     
just got home a lil while ago work was straight hit the gym afterwards all i can say is my arms are feeling good today but will be killing me 2morrow  smile  love that shit working out in the morning well running but w e u know what i mean nukka workin 5 smile 0-close all week cept fri-sat laugh ays off so weeks full n thursday if all goes well im takin this beautiful girl out to lunch ^_- weeks lookin good  1
so yesterday at 3am after work my head felt like it was on fire i started shivering pulled a blanket on me felt like i was in a hot tub n continued shivering n woke up several times to throw up   i figured it was food posioning   i woke up this morning feeling like someone stomped on my head   now idk what it is but my head is killing me    fuck i hate this
great i have a temp of 101     this fucin blows i been taken meds n everything cant seem to get the temp down or stop my head from pounding someone help me!?
shower food gym work    fun day i guess   tryin to figure out what i want for first 2tatts any ideas? places being right shoulder n back
pissed off how the fuck is the store gm going to give a check that says <propfemale> rivera on it to a guy whos name is fuckin jubar <propmale> n then on top of that give him his check n that stupid mutha fucka going to keep my check instead of giving it back n saying it wasnt his this is the 3rd time in a row this company has fucked with or fucked up my money im about to snap
bored outa my fuckin mind  sad  prob just going to ko
bored not much to do tonight     im off 2morrow thinking about hitting the gym i got guest passes if anyone wants to go chill n get a good workout in  playful  lemme know
gym with the lil bro then home to shower n relax for a bit
worked out with ssgt hanson an the boys this morning it was pretty intense gotta say i havnt had a workout that good in a while cant wait till nxt saterday   on another note not feeling so good again so im prob sitting around the house watching movies n sleeping    
yesterday me n my boi <propmale> jogged   walked a good 10miles easy we jogged the first half n walked back then i stood at work for 4hours before they sent me home for looking like shit   today   sore as fuck my legs hurt to stand on n it hurts to even bend them   i feel accomplished haha  bored tho so hit me up i wanna do somthing
got a lot of english work to catch up on cuz i reg for classes late n then the book store was out of my books till just yesterday  sad  lame! 2weeks behind n i alrdy have a hard time with school related things
just got home from working out n kickboxing man i feel wicked fuckin good haha havnt felt this good since the first day of training with my recruiter  smile  about to take a shower then kick back relax work on my english work n watch some tv  smile  hit up the cell or hit me up on here
im sicka of fake ass bitchs n niggas who always talk about wanting to <propfemale> out n shit but when it comes down to doing it shit never happens or when i hit u up to see whats good u suddenly dont know how to hold a proper convo so fake ass bitchs n niggas if ur deleted u know why dont pretend to be my friend i got plenty with out u
hmm whats on the agenda for today? yoga a late lunch 2mile jog with my dog school work and hmm idk what else?
ok so i just did yoga from the p90x and idc what anyone things about this next comment but yoga is fucking amazingly badass lol might do it 3times aweek now
just got done doing some jiu-jitsu about to shower head to work for my check n then study for english anyone wanna do something today?
off work the next 3days   lame   but w e what to do for today    p90x workout <propfemale> bit maybe some school work and the    no fckn clue seems like todays going to be a pretty boring day  
just got my new phone same ol number tho so if u have it txt me incase i forget to transfer ur number if u dont have it an want it inbox me
getting a late start cuz i was up late but w e yoga shower food rest work 5 smile 0pm-1 smile 0am
9am pt with ssgt hanson and the other <propfemale> recruit great way to start the day  smile  work at 5 smile 0pm-3am lame but w e i want the money
"jax fl tonights going to be 2x as fun as yesterday drinks music grls good friends good company there is no way this night could b\e shitty"
chillin had a good breakfest now idk what to do feeling kinda down n sick at the same time blows  annoyed  dont u just hate feeling like u lost something important
then they wonder why i lock my self in side never leaving to see the world cuz i know what its made of back stabbers traitors and people who truely hate us and all they want to do is use u n abuse u till its something u get use to then u to do what they do trick people into loving u only to make them hate u an thats the reason ive locked my self within these walls n never plan on leavin jmr solo till i quit breathin
lost 2 good friends in a 24hour time span    n if u asked i could tell u which one hurt to more     but w e thats life i guess
working on the papers for my presentation then recording it n job hunting but what am i doing tonight? any ideas?
chillin with the big bro n my boi <propmale> just got back from diner now they playin madden while we all get fucked up lol maybe some drunken freestyles later on shoulda been chillin with my bro months ago this shits off the wall
