5576f96d8f60184cc70cc95138c383e1
waiting for <propfirst> to get off work
i want to see zombieland   it looks bomb
"yay i just figured out how to see my wall! i'm good <propfirst> is at work chillin with dom need to go change a diaper in about a minute  just moved to post falls a couple weeks ago with <propfirst> and dom still trying to get settled in, its hard to move when you both work full time and have a 3 month old and we dont have any of the same days off work "
"<propfirst> is at work again, my day off, dom is zoned into emperors new groove, like mother like son, tv goes on we go out ha ha"
"tryin to organize some of my stuff since i have it all moved in at home, and halfway concentrating on a depressing love story"
"hmmm didn't realize i had pics of me and <propfirst> on here, error corrected"
"just got back from second viewing of eclipse with kt, we will probably see it at least 2 more times before it comes out on video"
12:29 and not tired at all    not good seeing as i have to get up and get things done n the am  really wish i could watch glee right now
"not working today, dom has a fever and the nurse told me to bring him in so to the dr we will go"
"dom was not a happy baby boy last night, i was up til 4am getting him to calm down and fall asleep    stupid foot and mouth"
feel kinda like dying i caught the sickness from dom was barely conscious yesterday but am feeling somewhat better today
"beach with went to kt today, got in a fight with a neon pink flotation device  it tried to drown me in the lake, but i eventually won   "
i think i need a vacation
"taking my moms dog to the groomers, fuzzy little beast"
dom took his first steps!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my baby can walk now!!!!! yaaaaaaaaay!!!!!
"just went for a short bike ride, no snaps for the creator of the most uncomfortable seat in the world   "
i need new people to jam with since im not dating my jam partner anymore  sad  flyin solo
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim bored
taking dom to get his first hair cut! he is kinda cranky so fingers crossed we come home with both ears!
"okay! i added some pictres to the dom album, only one of the first hair cut, but i'll have more of the actual process later, enjoy!"
waiting for dom to wake up from nap so i can take him to his dads for a bit while i meet kt downtown and work on my mostly nonexistant tan
"tired, my shoulder and neck hurt from sleeping funny"
i'm making tasty icecream and it should be done soon!!!
dom got up about an hr earlier than usual and i didn't seem to be able to fall asleep last night   feel like i'm dragging tired
"i wanna float cda river saturday, who wants in?! i just need to make sure i have child care"
"k river floating is prob out, but exteme bowling at sunset is in!!! saturday night! meeting at 10 ish, $15 for shoe rentals and as many games as you want til 1 am-ish!!! if you want in show up!!!"
"watching spongebob square pants with dom, its his favorite cartoon ha ha"
"just got home from salt with my sis, was pretty intense, we have now decided we want to be spys    but i'd settle for being a action flick movie <propfemale> as long as i got to do my own stunts"
"just got home from work, <propfemale>de a cake card for my <propfemale> and am now going to get my lil boy,"
just watched the movie chocolate for the first time    delightful! lol <propmale> on the green tomorrow!! and later extreme bowling!!! woot
got up early with dom    have a headache    cleaning my bathroom and the smell of chemicals is making me kinda dizzy
"saw <propmale> on the green for a while, rocked old school nintendo and battled sav and dayne at <propfirst> c<propmale>, lost horribly   "
"extremely tired and not sure why, had like a 3 hr nap earlier, but going to go watch shark week and try to sleep, night!"
going to set up dom's pool so he can play n the water! yay backyard pool time!!!
dinner for shmucks at 7:15!!!
its official    i am in love!!! with <propmale> correl!!! one of the funniest men alive!! i've decided i need to see dinner for shmucks again tomorrow   
"turned the upstairs into a playground of fun! made a fort for dom, but he hasn't quite figured out u play under it   and instead keeps throwing toys on it and and pulling it down    but he is still my cutie pie so we're having morning fun with mommy & dommy"
off to work n a few!
its tuesday and i'm very ready for the weekend   anyone wanna go 99 cent bowling tonight? starts at 9
"had a good time hangin w  brannon jammed and talked about life stuff, hopig to get people together friday night to bowl or see a movie or something fun"
"getting ready for work, have to run a couple errands before i go too    yikes!"
dying my hair a new color! yay!
good night world!
good monring world!!! i hope today is going to be a fabulous thursday!
my back hurts  sad  i don't know why but its driving me crazy cause i can't figure out how to sit or stand or lay to make the hurt go away
anybody know of anything fun going on tonight?
uuuuuhg    tired
"time to try n regain some lost sleep, good night!!!"
"slept for a good 9 hrs    don't think i moved once, and my face is kinda numb"
"i love playing with dom, he learned to drink with a straw today, and that he can make the indian yell all by his little self  smile  ah monkey"
"played <propfirst> kart on wii w  <propmale>, totally got whooped   again, time to find a new hobby"
i hate when you fall asleep with the tv on and wake up at some ridiculous wee hour of the monring wondering where you are and who is talking to you   just read an article about what a man's facial hair says about him    man was that enlightening  
"dom clawed my arm, and <propfirst> some blood   fiesty little temper, but i got  hug and kiss after so its ok now"
"going to see the other guys, very excited!!!"
"good good night     followed by a bad, bad day    temper temper temper"
    i hate coeur d' <propfemale> casino commercials   
legal forms confuse me   
"    ahh    googling family law papers and its kinda like reading complex instructions in spanish, u know a few things but not nearly enough to understand what you're reading   "
meteor shower tonight!!!
yay for the return on internet service!
anyone know of anything fun going on tonight?
"going to spend some good time with dom before <propfirst> takes him for the day, feels like i haven't been able to play with him"
yay! finished my paperwork!
"me and bug went to the park today! visited <propmale> at work and then ran through some sprinklers at riverstone, he is a sprinkler loving baby!"
"super tired  did not sleep well, and trying to get my paperwork turned into the cout was a circus  and still not done, will have to get back to that adventre tomorrow"
"    theres a spider the size of freakin kansas in the window well outside    i leaned closer to the window to see if it was really a spider or part of a plant  honestly almost peed my pants when it moved, def a spider    ooo"
"going to court house today to file my papers, then gonig to work  soooo very excited    boo"
b0red   
yay!!!! n0 l0nger b0red!!! adventures w? savvy!!!!
packin dom up going to go on a riverstone adventure
"hmm  girl with the dragon tattoo, it was pretty good, even though it was in swedish  "
7 smile 5 am    i makes no sense  littl boy is fussy most of the night and still doesn't sleep in   
iiiiiiis tired
"just got back from sandpoint  my eyes are swollen a little, and dry, but glasses ought to fix that  doesn't change how much funerals suck, even when they are nice, which it was "
"my mom got dom a pop up tent that is a rocketship, its pretty cool, i had to crawl through to demonstrate to dom how it works haha"
sooo     google pictures of earthships and you will see what i mean    i wanna live in one!!! there so cool!
i love nap time
i had a dream dom was like 6 years old and i was teaching him how to drive     bizarre
i'm cooking dinner tonight! who wants to go to the fair later?
"i want to go out and do something, i dont really care what, but <propfirst> has dom so i want to go out for a while"
come get a tasty sandwich and piece of pie at the yellow house today!! north government way after <propfirst>
goin in <propmale> and <propfemale>'s weding yay!
"i ate aligator today    not gonna lie, tasted kinda like chicken "
"i don't mind the rain, and the cold i could probably handle, but i can't get warm, and i worry dom will kick his blankets off at night and be cold  sad  i need to get heavy duty wild boy jammys for him    so he cant strip out of his pj pants and de-diaper himself like this morning    did i mention this mornings diaper incident involved a poopy diaper?    yea, it did   "
"ehh, got my stuff from the courts yesterday  court date is oct 20th, and lots of other crap to do before  sad  may be time to lawyer up"
gah!!!!!! my poor baby has strep throat now  sad  baby monkey
in process of making an epic bday cake for shelbs aka davenport
"my printer is out of black ink    hmm, this needs to change pronto"
"dom stole my phone and is holding it to his head running around yelling at haha, such a goober my lil monks  love "
hmmm    t0day seri0usly isn't thursday??? for real? my bad   
be awake    just beeeeee awake now     up up up
"i just love love love <propfemale>! sorry little lamby, you just taste so good in pita bread with taziki sauce!!!"
"i tried to eat my pillow last night, so says the massive drool pool"
led zepplin tribute band tonight with savvy!!!
"ooook    so concert wasn't quite as fun as it could have been  but the band was pretty awesome and sounded just like led, but mm, a lot of 50 yr old men with their 15 year old sons, and don't get me wrong bonding like that is great, but not so great for the 2 girls standing in the sea of them     yikes"
"i kinda liked lady gaga's meat dress, pass the a1?"
"i am sooo excited! creative juices are flowing today, 1 ne song has complete lyrics, and almost done with the music, 2nd new song is on its way to something definate yay!"
"hmm     you know when people say \be smarter than    \"" well today its a steam mop    and the steam mop is winning   """
"woo hooo, externship is starting tomorrow!"
"it really weirds me out when dom's noise making toys go off when i'm home alone and the buttons have not been pushed   or they are supposed to be turned off     \\lighter side, going to grab grub with savvy at red <propfirst>  yuuuuuuuum "
i'm going to make brownies! and they will be the most delicious brownies <propfemale>!!!
its official    i'm the champ of tiramasu
"new carpet in moms house, carpet it being taken out of mo's house and out of kt's    so dom and i are going to the park"
tomorrow is the 1st mediation session with <propfirst>    dom's toothbrush is m i a  as is my coldplay cd     and my lips r chapped  bravo
"hahaha, i love sci fi channel movies,  the ones with ridiculous killer animals, like octoshark    they're just great"
went to cirque du solei today and it was awesome! thank you <propfirst>!!!
headed to the casting prep for the hair show today! kinda nervous that i'll come home as a platinum blonde with a <propmale>    wish me luck!!!!
fallin asleep through breakfast today   its what i get for staying up too late and getting up at 7 with dom  
"adventures at hastings with savvy and <propmale> led to sav's purchase of no joke    27 cds 25 cents each, finally got myself the new one republic cd, and i found super tramp on sale   yay!"
rented iron man 2!!!! and am soooo excited  smile 
"come on peeps    shot of novacaine, right to the <propfemale>, ought to do the trick    yoga didnt work, blood pressure still up there"
i opened my eyes wondering how the heck i ended up on the floor 
"my head hurts  and my face feels funny, like i will reach up to touch it and it wont be there"
 sad  my neck still hurts and i've got a sore throat without much voice     and whoever answered the phone at the dr's office to set my appointment was really rude   
"almost passed out again    at mexican food factory with my fam, was wiping dom's mouth and the world turned sideways, my mom suddenly sounded like she was at the other end of a tunnel    did go to the doc this morning, no blood work or anything, but now maybe i should go back and double check  the 1st faint was easily stress related, today was much less stressful though   well, was "
"i don't know whats wrong with me, i feel really sick, my neck pain has e playful anded, and worsened, but thats prob related to my muscle relaxer wearing off   sad "
"still sick   slept through most of the day, couldnt stand up kept getting the spins and really nasueas  stopped taking the pain stuff because i think it just made me feel worse  finally was able to eat something about four, and now i'm feeling better, had a gloriously long shower which kinda helped clear the fog from my head  so glad my family is here so i had help taking care of dom "
"haha, furry walls    i get it now"
"going to make some kodiak bar brownies to take to the lab tomorrow!!  love  while watching law and order svu, cuz its the best"
"i think we should be more like glee, life should be a musical, it would be way more fun   waaaay more fun    like volunteering at a kids camp back in the day, our kitchen crew decided we couldn't talk anymore we had to sing  definately in my top ten days  "
i like it on the computer desk
"went to costco with my madre today, got some oregon chai mix and we got dom a model size jeep rubicon toy  love "
"thank you to my seester kt, i am now the proud owner of eight more pairs of shoes    eeeeeeeee!!!! iloveshoes  love "
"my little tiger is fighting me on nap time  found some awesome fall desert recipes that i want to try, itchin to get my bake on "
"k, night now, just wanted to get a couple more sets of lyrics up "
"glee club    i think we should organize one, who's game?"
"spaghetti squash and dvr during baby nap time, livin the dream "
ahh    <propfemale> the e playful lorer songs stuck in my head    again   
"gramps' bday din din tonight, gettin chore type things done while little boy is with his dad"
"bored  mm, yea    just bored "
"music time with dommy  love  had a great morning so far, he had not-so-hot hot chocolate this morning and loved it, and now we're playing copy the beat  smile  stomp it out!"
its possible that everything is moot  mmph
"well, i had terrible dreams, a cougar was breaking into my house, (large cat, not the older woman) planning to eat my dog, me and my baby  what does that even mean!?!?"
"love taking dom to the park, remembered his shoes today so he was able to get out of the stroller  he loves to pull up all the moss and <propfemale> it around  love  funny <propfemale>"
"mm, i love the smell of bakin brownies in the morning  smile  best way to counter weird dreams at 8 am, make something delicious "
<propfemale> !
"a full and eventful night of dom's rockin dance moves, enchiladas, helping my sister rap, and watchin tv w  my mom  i am soooo exciting "
"iowa vs wisconson w  <propfemale> and dad, traded the end of the game for blue bloods"
"tonight! adventures with <propfemale>, followed by adventures with <propfemale>     great way to spend the evening    even though i almost had a flat tire    <propmale> schwab i willl see you tomorrow   "
"i made a fort with dom, and he loved it!!! he didn't just try to throw toys on it and collapse it this time  smile  got my bake on after he was in bed, once the pecans are carmelized, i will have pictures to share of my pumpkin cheesecake  i am dripping with pride for how beautiful my it is  smile "
dress up day at the lab tomorrow!!! i'm so excited!!! i feel like a middle aged bored woman when i say things like that sometimes   
irritation  its what happens when you try on your halloween contacts and realize the wrong diameter size was ordered 
"i have a shimmer in my eyes   no literally i do, it hurts  it's all over the bathroom counter too "
i feel like mush
"ticket to ghostland observatory concert purchased, check "
"bright red fingernail polish, meet my toes!!"
"i think my dad could have picked a better time to mow the lawn    like not when i just laid dom down for a nap    or you know, he could start on the other side of the house    further away from dom's room   "
i love when dom falls asleep in my arms before nap time  love  my little lovey cuddle bug i just love love love him  my little boy is definately the best thing to ever happen to me  love 
"usually it feels like daylight savings time when you sleep that extra hour, but, it didn't affect dom and my phone is my clock which runs on satellite    so     totally forgot about it, i feel robbed   "
<propfemale> tired    dom is super teething and cranky    i was up 3 times with the lil nugget last night
dom said ducky!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
movie night!
souffle e playful losion
"hm, dommy woke up with a fever today, he was fine last night  sad  fever went down a bit and he's sleepin now, but we're gonig to the doc today to check him out "
somethin in my eye
busy busy busy body  what is the best stupid humor movie?
ow  bent a chunk of my fingernail back on the baby gate 
go broncos tear it up!!!
darn the virus that gets dom and i up at 6 am   
dragging today    watching football with my dad
"<propfemale> tired and catching whatever dom has, little bug is getting better though, great mama baby snuggle sesh this morning for like an hr and a half, curled right up and snoozed on me  love  love being a mommy"
"i'm in boogeytown with my baby, and not the dancing one    "
"2 smile 0 am turns into 6 am waaaay too fast  i can already tell, today is going to be a bad day  plus i saw the weather report  cheeseballs   sad "
"mmm, 5 hr energy, you are my new best friend  "
snow    ew  i'm leaving the shutters closed so i won't see it and be reminded 
"i will just have to settle for drowning my snow sorrows in baking my parents birthday cake  coconut lime, its deliciousness will be epic"
"my cake was awesome, super proud"
theres a stinger in my finger! darn bread knives and chemicals
why?! sweet christmas yams that is too much snow    when it dusts it dumps   
day 1 of snow driving and already having problems   anyone want to drive me and dom around all winter?
not even gonna bother driving today   dad's pickin me up for work  snow   uck
anybody want to see the new <propmale> potter movie?
"eat pray love, absolutely delightful"
i think a back to the future marathon is in order 
loooong night of nothing to do
"rah rah, mommyhood  dom is 18 months tomorrow!"
i need a really good sedative   
"mm, how i love sleep    i miss you so much zzzzzs    "
my wonder tends to wander  
"victory! kt i love you sister, the usb adapter worked, and my laptop is back online!yes yes yes"
i made and frosted so many sugar cookies with my mom today i see them when i close my eyes  i don't even really like sugar cookies   
"my brain keeps not working    that doen't sound right    wow, i can't even form coherent sentances    slap me"
"pedicures! <propfemale> used my fingernails to test the colors, rainbow hand going on"
yay got a new phone joined verizon! my number is still the same so next me your name so i can save you in my contacts! please and thank you!
about to start my job hunt anyone know where a place that is hiring?
bowling tonight at sunset nine ish be there or be lame
please please please don't let there be 10 inches    
yay! its raining and melting the snow!! hip hip hurray!!!
my lip is bleeding   
