9e000802f7ed0df67e95d94026a16665
"yes, it's a new year! and this is my first post of the year, so it should be something meaningful and well thought out, and- ah, who the hell am i kidding  happy new year!!!"
"well, it's officially day 2 of 2010, by my clock anyways  nothing too exciting, though new years <propfemale> through new years day was entertaining "
is bored out of his mind 
what is this place? i write here? i can do that  um     hi?
is eating cream cheese while listening to muse 
is moaning and groaning over a headache from being bashed around playing whirly ball  (and owning at it too)
considers the concept of sleeping before midnight   
"then utterly disregards his previous notion, for it was too ridiculous "
says 'zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz' (it's past midnight so i'm cool to sleep )
answered 4 out of 15 questions correctly     and still got an iq of 140 
"has nothing on his mind, currently "
changes his mind to final fantasy 12  (for the love of moogles!)
has started playing final fantasy fables: chocobo's dungeon 
goes to play chocobo dungeon
got clothes in a big bag
i'm some what of a loner  at least my imaginary friends keep me sane 
"has been told that face book would dominate his life  however      he isn't on very commonly, not compared to most of his friends that is "
"honestly  if you've ever done drugs before, could you just raise your hand and tell me? i imagine it'd be interesting to see the results "
"and so begins the year of 2011  i wonder what this year holds  rather, i should say i worry "
enjoys drinking dr pepper
"supposes one of the reasons he isn't addicted to face book is because he isn't close to the top on his friends 'must talk to' list  as a result, there is not much reason to waste time on said site  to be fair, i don't really do anything worth talking about, so i suppose it's to be e playful ected   shrug "
is getting ready for boy scouts 
"is strongly considering taking a real picture for his profile  unfortunately, he can't find the foot to attach to his camera to put it on the tripod "
"since i apparently didn't update it    yes, i have new pictures "
"has found great interest in the stock market, and will pursue it with gusto "
"was standing out in the rain and cold after the basket ball game for half an hour      thanks dad, for being on time "
really needs to sleep    but he can't 
"has taken a liking to indian-esque music, in particular someone named daler mehndi  yes, he was in tunak tunak tun "
"hey, if any one has video ideas, i'm generally open for helping  i like to film, and i want to find out if i'm any good at it "
"the snuggiez! a product so mind numbingly retarded i imagine it's inception was something like this:  female: <propfemale>, you put your bathrobe on backwards; are you drunk? male: no it's a blanket with sleeeeeeeves!!!! now go make me a sammich  female: hey, this isn't the 50's  i have rights now  male: bitch! make me a sammich!"
"which was undoubtedly followed by physical abuse, several harrassment lawsuits, a restraining order, a revoked marriage, and a very annoying commercial for a stupid product that promises you a flashlight despite the obvious abundance of light in the room  (watch the commercial, you can read the text just fine, she doesn't need a damn book light )"
is glad that there is still one day of freedom from school left 
"wrote, and is writing a story  it has received positive reviews from everyone that has read it so far  that's a good      what, 6, 7 people?"
"so    i got an honesty box  i can't wait to be flamed given hatred by anonymous people  it ought to give me some insight on improvements, at least "
"at 5 surprise 0 am, january 21st, 2010, i awoke to the sounds of my parents fighting  hoping it was nothing, i quickly discovered that the end result of this fight may very well mean the splitting of the family loeffelbein (dad) and jamesson (mom)  to those of you who don't understand, i'm talking of course, about divorce  because of this, the next few days of my life will, in all likeliness, be quite emotionally trying "
"an update: they're sleeping in the same room, so it's not as bad as i originally thought  i've yet to be through such a thing, so i don't know what to e playful ect  perhaps my mind blew it out of proportion   ? one can only hope "
"that was a pretty epic basketball game  went to over time, scored the points with five seconds left, other team couldn't make it up "
is currently in the shower  forward all of my calls and messages into my box 
forgot to say he was out of the shower awhile ago 
adores his new hat  it's a fox hat!
"paranoia agent  entertaining  should watch, yes  interesting views on human reactions in some episodes, not too sure about others, just started watching "
"hey hey, you should all say something in my honesty box  (except <propmale>, i'm sure it'd be something offensive or derogatory)"
    it's terrifying  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed h5ay10rtgy
just divided by zero  oh shi-
"whenever i see those aspca commercials, or any of those animal commercials in general, (e g  the ones that beg for your money to help the needy and abused animals) i always think     so what about the children that are in the same, and worse conditions?"
"so, paranoia agent is still pretty epic "
"and with the recent crash of a vehicle directly into shorecrest, many people (that i know, anyways) are left with questions: who did it? why did they do it? where the hell did the car stop?? (popular opinion points to <propmale> and <propfirst>'s office)"
"and the photos are up again, you must away to <propfirst> <propmale>'s <propfemale> to understand the extent of the damage "
learned that white gas stoves are win for pyros  pre-heating involves creating a huge soccer ball sized flame 
"sleeping in a snow cave  warm, yet cold at the same time "
"philosophy is pretty cool, though i dislike shorecrest with it's apparent lack of books  at least, a lack of the ones my friends suggested "
one good thing about being in an inferior math class     you always feel so much smarter than everyone else 
"so we're taking care of a papillon now  adorable breed of dog, giant ears  she's 16    weeks? months? one or the other  her name is <propfemale>        i hope that wasn't from twilight "
"since when is illiteracy cool? i'm referring, of course, to the modern 'gangsta' "
"has started playing bioshock               so i'm late, how many years?"
so girls basket ball totally dominated the other team    obviously because pep band was there  go band!
"has discovered that applying for scc running start and such, when the application process is finished on the 15th, (2 days) is a bad idea  stress   "
ugly americans is a pretty cool show 
"i made a box for white day  now to put stuff in it    oh, btw, this is all despite the fact that white day was awhile ago "
"and co  took first place in the second level of the japanese skit contest! not only that, but the third year students also took first place  we won by a landslide, judging by the fact that at the end of our skit, everyone was standing and cheering  didn't happen for anyone else "
why?
"omg guys this is so cool! it's a new guy from comedy central, he's starting to look like the next big thing "
hm    how do i cropping picture   
supports psychological egoism 
dislike anti-fan button clicked on: going to school
woo for having way too many people to serve food to this friday 
i just had the incredible misfortune of watching an episode of '<propmale> and eric: awesome show (great job)' ------------ i feel like i should go wash my eyes  with bleach and ammonia  and then wash my brain for good measure 
"ugh, gears of war 2   "
"has a slight taste for blue cheese  it has a very strong flavor, a bit off-setting, but not all together bad "
's new goal is to practice tennis often enough so he may become an extraordinary tennis player and join the shorecrest tennis team next year 
status: yes 
cba    why?
"ugh    i really need somebody to love  someone to hold, that will listen to me, ya know? someone to extend these emotions to      heh  look at me talking  isn't that what everyone wants, at one time or another?"
"that night in jail it was getting late  he was butt-raped by a large inmate, and he screamed  but the guards paid no attention to his cries  that's when things got out of control  the moral of the date rape story, it does not pay to be drunk and horny  but that's the way it had to be  they locked him up and threw away the key  well, i can't take pity on men of his kind, even though he now takes it in the behind "
"for the summer, just imagine that i'm asleep, as i most likely will not be on this site \i have a job, yay! i stay up in camp for 144 hours a week, and get 24 hours off, 12 on saturday, 12 on sunday       i think i did my math right "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=el88a0jp6ze
"zac you idiot! why did you start writing your short story the day before it's due!? ugh!!! well, the good news is it's almost done  but damn it, it's going to fail "
has started a class online at byu  wew 
is amazed at the concept of using the itunes store to buy songs he wants 
"yay, home from a summer of work! perhaps now i can actually rest and slack off  hey, maybe i'll draw, or write  if i can find something interesting, i might read "
"just got an email from my brother  he's settled in kabul afghanistan, where he says he will remain until mid january 2011  i think he's instructing the people on how to    do whatever it is people in the atc tower do  military wise, of course  or at least, that's what i imagine  is there a difference between military atc and civilian atc? other than the obvious, of course  military dealing with military stuff "
"who here likes me? like, would i be in anyone's top 5? i mean friends, of course, not relationship "
"hey, i'm finally home "
"was not accepted for the play, 'a midsummer night's dream', or rather, the modern version "
"holy crap halloween is super boring  i think we had    one kid come? i was so ready to throw pop its and shout 'your under fire, take cover!' or something  i was in army camo, too "
"made an omelette, threw chili on it, crumbled up some doritios on top  surprising, it's pretty good "
holy crap i love my new ipod touch 
"rewriting my story is old news, but you guys don't know that  it's on track to be something pretty spectacular, i think  i like how it's turning out, anyways \but of course, writers block has shown it's face "
"social e playful eriment  this is going to be a breeze  see you guys in a week, not that you'd notice me gone "
back from the social e playful eriment  super easy 
"sc girls won their game, 71 to 60! or something like that  way to go, girls! also, yay pep band!"
"free police scanner for ipod touch    new york, new york is about as active as i thought it would be "
"is going to the dentist for the first time in    way too long  seriously, it's been at least a few years, it's not even funny, and i'm kind of worried "
outlook not very positive  i didn't get a number when they said i had cavities  whine     
and vgcats needs to update more than once every month or so 
"every once in awhile, i'm reminded of how minor i am  it's kind of saddening  but w e, i've never gone out of my way to be noticed, so it's kind of e playful ected to me "
"i took the driver permit test today, and i passed! in celebration, dad decided i should get to drive home so i could have practice  the course? not wanting to start me off on something too difficult, he had me drive on a freeway    right from the middle of it "
"drove to grandma's house today with uncle <propfirst>, had a pretty good time  we passed an accident that must've been pretty bad because there were no less than 4 police cars, and at least one policeman directing traffic in the <propfirst> opposite the crash  <propfirst> said it was probably a truck running into a bike, because there was a bike in the back of the truck  he said usually, with that many police, it means someone died "
resolutions: lose weight and finish the damn story 
"yay for soran bushi! i hope i spelled it right  it's kind of hard, but i'm going to work hard and be great!"
"dentist wasn't so bad  i had 2 fillings  they were small enough that i decided to not use novocaine  it was pretty uncomfortable, but w e  apparently they were fast, idk  i got there at about 1:15, and they started me (1:20ish) even though i was early  finished at about 1:40 got home at 1:50  they're really close "
"yay for wii fit  in the past week, i've dropped my bmi by about 1 5 points  wew! let's keep going "
"haha, look at the snow! i love it, it makes the night so much brighter "
it really needs to snow 
"i need a new website to watch dr who episodes on, because the one i had previously wants me to download crap before watching anymore  i can't exactly do that because it's not my computer  any help?"
ugh why is the try out music for <propmale> miserable in treble clef??!?!! so much for having an easy time figuring it out 
does anybody happen to know how to tune a violin? i'm at a loss 
"hey, a bunch of you people should totally go work at camp pigott for the summer, it's awesome "
in the night they'll come for you and tear your freaky legs in two because you're the <propmale> of the beavers the <propmale> of the beavers the <propmale> of the beavers and you can't fool owls 
"awesome day, i got my shorecrest spirit gear and my bcb order finally came in! w00t "
"<propfirst> colbert: that's right  scientists have discovered     \time traveling porn!\"""""
"so i got my violin all fixed up and what not, got the new tuning pegs, had it re-strung, and even got a new bow    anything i should do with the bow or strings? it's not really making a sound when i try to play it  i used the rosin stuff, of course, but idk  it doesn't work  do i have to like, rosin it for hours or what? (ps the strings are all tuned, btw)"
"hahah, the first day of my eighth and (with any luck) final semester of high school was great "
"so that crisis in egypt    any opinions, people? for or against the uprising, thoughts about the general happenings?"
(if you've played dead space two) so thumbs up if the mother calling her undead baby over and the resulting mess was one of the more horrific things you've ever seen 
nulla facilisi  nihilo est habendum liberum  vulpes est callidus ausu et nitidus  frustra est hoc  et tu vasto tempus 
"well great  \red and black\"" from <propmale> mis is probably going to keep me from getting into the musical \",9e000802f7ed0df67e95d94026a16665,"so the first song was fine, but i bombed the second song  so much for being in the musical    oh well, at least i tried "
"so     i made it to the musical! haha, i was worried for nothing! now i just have to keep my grades up- huh \eff  this is not going to be easy "
"hey, if anyone checks what i say once in a while, i thought i should drop this message  do your homework if you don't already  it's not fun, it might not seem worth it, but it's necessary \\i'm putting it out there because i've learned i'm going to have to come back next year, at least for another semester  oh, big surprise, i know  and true, it's not a big deal, not really, but it tends to kill your self esteem "
"hey hey, i have a name in the musical! for now, anyways, i've been given- hey wait, it's not against the rules to talk about possible parts, is it?"
"so hey, everyone, go to newgrounds com and watch wilhelm park  it's awesome "
"after a few days of school, i remember why it's such a bother to me  homework and such, ugh  so much crap to do \\after a few days of break, i remember why i miss school \am i the only one with nothing to do?\\seems like everyone's on vacation but me    i need to get more '<propfemale> out with' friends "
"the snow blankets everything, giving the world a look of purity  however, with the gray clouds in the sky, it can look somewhat depressing too  personally though, i love it! it makes everything look so pretty "
"btw, guys, does anyone know how to paint?"
"sometimes i really wonder if i should bother writing  i personally love it, and my friends tell me my stories are great, but they're biased  once in awhile, when i feel a work of mine is particularly sub par, i wish that someone would tell me that it's absolutely crap "
"ok, i've submitted my script to the competition  all that's left is to see the results  with any luck, i'll get first place! but honestly, i'd be happy to get mentioned "
"anyone want to join my venture crew? there's a meeting tomorrow that starts at about 7  it's a really cool thing, it's like boy scouts, but without as much of the limitations  for example, whereas boy scouts can only really hike and camp, venture scouts can climb, and paintball  it's not all about outdoor stuff, though  we can have video game meets, for example  contact me if you ever want in on this "
"wants to paint, but thinks that it's too late to paint now "
i have all three naked gun movies plus all six episodes of police squad! yes! it arrived today in the mail 
that is a giant ass fly    where'd i put that swatter?
"so i got an email today about my script that i submitted for the young playwrights competition \\i didn't place   "
"oh hey, no that's cool, camp pigott  thanks for not hiring me  whatever "
"'the room' was a god awful movie    i loved it \\ha, i didn't really get to watch it  i apparently can't stay up late when i really want to  i only saw a few parts  enough to appreciate the terribleness of it, but still not enough "
"so  rock band 3, through the fire and the flames  why did i think i would ever want to attempt the drum part?\\god i need double bass pedals   "
