34fc68331afdb379caa33e2ef719305a
"moving is a testament of will , that's for sure!"
it's gonna be a hot one!
just got done swimming wink 
is taking blue for a walk
is loving yellow springs wink 
is waiting for my car to be fixed!!! aaarrrggh!!!!
going to comfest       i think
went to comfest and must now drink beer;p
needs coffee
just moved to ohio and has a job interview smile 
wondering how gm can even make a car like saturn     ???
ready for the weekend already!
got a job in yellow springs today! woo hoo!
needs more jamaica in my soul
just had orientation for a new job! so far so good!
loves living in yellow springs! smile 
finally got my car back from saturn!!!!!
wants to ride my bike      alas there is rain playful 
started my new job yesterday!
woo hooo the weekend is here!!!
can't get the black eyed peas out of my head!!!!!! aaargh!
needs a vacation!!!!
back from the pool      i love summer!!!!
loves beer and friends  smile )))
record stores here we come!!!!!
anyone know where i can get cd101 tickets at the lc this weekend???? they are sold out!!!
has decided i need a tattoo!!!
back from north <propfemale>     ready to work again!
working in <propmale> now    gotta go where the money is playful 
can't believe i am thirty two  playful  !!!!
visiting the rents smile )))))
wishes my laundry would dry
one week of commuting left then i get transferred!!!! woo hoo!
only kinda likes rain
does the funky chicken at work sometimes
"just saw the midnight showing of \paranormal activity\""      creeeeeeepy!!!!!"""
thinks work is overrated
going to play pool!
i  (of course) kicked a** in pool!!!!!!
had to drive through white-out conditions! talk about nerve racking!!!!
back to work tomorrow! a short week though!!!!
just set up my scanner !!!!!!!!
happy old year!!!!! happier new year!!!!!!!
happy new gray hairs!!!!!
"spent the new year with my grandpa and no alcohol, one of the best new years ever!"
*one tear* vacation is over
why is it so cold
kooky kooky lend me your comb
"is one of the slow drivers in the snow, sorry, just pass me smile "
let’s see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be one word  no more than 1 word  then copy & paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you  this should be interesting 
"c-bus tonite, yippie!"
like a boss!
needs another day off!!!  smile 
is tarred and feathered
ready for warm weather!!!!!!
thinks the weekend should start on thursday playful 
became a fan     and i will blow you away surprise )
is typing a message on facebook 
is going to greenfield tonight 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this under status, and put the first entry under comments       "
is having a <propmale> attack this morning before work 
home from work early! yay!
is thirsty 
shed some layers and just found more onion 
thunder just shook my house!
"\all that is great cannot be possessed - and that is one of the most foolish things man goes on doing  we want to possess   \""-osho"""
i thought i saw a mouse on the floor until i got closer and it was spider! i almost puked! i am scarred for life now 
"ouch, burnt skin "
"week so far annoyed transvestite drag <propfemale> at the dollar store\ killed at least 12 spiders\ metal leg man running on the highway\ worming my cat and reading about said worms to find out humans can get them\ old lady telling me the drag <propfemale> is \naaaasty\""\",34fc68331afdb379caa33e2ef719305a,"has spent the last week and a half  bottle feeding a newborn kitten <propfirst> found under a bush  sadly his siblings did not make it, but \snoots\"" is going strong just hope he she can <propfemale> in there """
i read that facebook is now posting phone <propfirst>? i remember when that was called a phone book!  smile 
cuban missile 102 mph!
it was a rebel yell kinda night! saw <propfirst> fookin' idol tonight! for free at that!
just got a new job and now have three more interviews lined up  what to do     
rip ross    sad 
"pleaserepost: there is a memorial fund set up at fifth third bank for <propmale> <propmale>  all donations will be given to the family to help offset funeral costs, as <propmale> had no insurance  any donations made are very greatly appreciated by the family  <propmale> was a 1994 grad of mcclain, he          was a wonderful father of 3 great kids  you may make a donation at any fifth third bank! thank you in advancesee more"
dang you vanilla ice and your crazy clown now i have frizzy hair 
"rip gabby, you will be missed by many sad "
tried eel sushi tonight
purposely did not vote today 
headed to gfield tomorry
happy thanksmas
<propfemale> christmas! thought i'd be the first to say it 
"changeyour profile pic to a picture of a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  the meaning of the game? to not see asingle human face on facebook, until tuesday, instead to see an invasion of memories   (for the fight against child abuse)"
"last minute chicago trip stat, woo hoo!"
many people look forward to the new year for a new start on old habits   ~author unknown
i smell spring and baseball in the air!
go buckeyes!!!!
way to go reds!!!!
