da2b9d820e76daf2a9dd5ae67422a7d2
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
in the frendship festifal parade tomorrow look for the bbchs marching boilers
we sounded awesome in the friendship festival parade today
funnel cloud spotted in will county
i don't wan't next tuesday to come  sad 
"football game tomorrow, hope we win!"
bored!!!
"a 5 yr old boy named <propmale> biorkman is in the last stages of a 2 1 2yr battle with neuroblastoma cancer the family is celebrating christmas next week and <propmale>'s request is to get lots of christmas cards  please send cards to <propmale> biorkman 1141 fountain viewcircle south lyon, mi 48178  let's see how many cards we can get this angel  please repost this to your status today ~ checked on snopes, it is for real "
i ? ice cream
i practiced way too much my lips hurt!!
band concert tonight in the bbchs auditorium
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works "
basketball game tonight! go boilers!
won the game last night! don't wanna do homework
my lips have fallen off!!! i practice jingle <propfemale> jm way too much!!!
holiday parade tonight it's gonna be cold!!!
bored!!!
band concert tonight at 7     hope they turn the heat on
winter break  smile 
i ? christmas
playing the sims 2
? studying for band finals ?
bored    annoyed 
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i want for the new year is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  (93% won't copy and paste this, will you) i am not one of the 93 and a cure for juvenile diabetes! please support your local jrdf this year"
finals tomorrow  sad 
why do teachers  give us homework the day before a final?!
"?(?????)? please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        93% wont copy and paste this, will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
no more finals!!
"in memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  (93% won't copy and paste this  will you?) ?"
basketball game against minooka tomorrow night   hope we win! go boilers!
band concert tomorrow with the eighth graders @ 7pm
winter ball tonight!!!!!!!
just got hair done and it's super curly
late arrival day tomorrow!!! i get to sleep in 2 hours!
38 days till music dept  trip to tn!
31 days till tn!!!!!  smile 
going to navy pier to see <propfemale> in wonderland
28 days till tennessee!!!!
"   please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness "
loving this weather!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"rain, rain go away, come again another day"
im gonna get soaked at the bus stop  sad 
 laugh  24 days till tennessee!!!!!
symphonic exam tomorrow  annoyed 
"attention please read do not skip: there is a virus speading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from me or any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you tube  snopes just confirmed  it is a trojan worm virus  it will steal info, infest your system and shut it down  do not open the link  please repost this in your status!!!!"
bored  annoyed 
16 days till tennessee!!!!!
school tomorrow  sad 
11 days till tennessee!!!!!!!
5 more days till tennessee!!!
4 days till tennessee!!!!
3 days till tennessee!!!!
2 days till tennessee!!!!
going to tennessee tomorrow!!! have to be at school by 6am  annoyed 
softball practice!!  smile 
homework  annoyed   then softball practice
softball game tonight 6-8 hope it cools off
one more week of school left!!!
softball game 3 days in a row they had to pick the ones that we take finals
"softball game tonight at 6, i hope it dosen't get rained out"
<propmale> parade today i really hope it doesn't rain on us this year
won the game against <propfirst> last game of the season ended well this year
