c876f829cdd7ae37bab5e605da847d35
said her goodbyes to her bff!!! please protect you head!!
"2 years ago it was a tree, this year a barbed wire fence, what will next year be??"
"is singing at the top of her lungs \every word every thought every sound   every thouch every smile every frown   all the pain we've endured until now   all the hope i have lost you have found  \"""""
"'s new residence is 600 park street, aka wiest dorm   yay!"
"doesn't make to make the journey home, but really wants the truck fixed"
"doesn't want to make the journey home, but really wants the truck fixed"
is back in hays
doesn't like people who ride their bikes on the streets and dont follow proper bike riding rules!
gr
there was no hot water this morning in the showers   gr!
blah
was reunited with some old friends!!! so much fun!!
is in complete stress mode right now
thinks that everybody should get oovoo!!!! its amazazazing   
"haha, i wonder if she's moving out?"
is thinking some people really are just dumb
"*i'm on a boat and it's going fast and, i got a nautical themed, pashima afghan*"
*l-o-v-e is just another word i never learned to pronounce*
thinks she has a pretty rad grandma  
maybe its maybelline?
hates when people have typos in what their status says    i mean is it really that hard to write a proper sentence?
holy shit! they finally turned the heat on in the dorms   it's sooo warm in my room  
can't wait to give <propfirst> his b-day present!!  its sooooo good!!
!!i think i found tne one!! *sigh*
!!i think i found the one!! *sigh*
"holy shit! i'm not making that mistake again, haha   and p s  it's boys like you that reminds me why i dont put <propfirst> in my phone anymore   "
*if you come knockin' at my door and i am not around  foolishness came by and we're downtown!*
wishes boys still gave girls mixed-tapes 
doesn't want to hear the life stories of the people in my psych class  
"ku is the shit, kp!!!"
"hmm   what's the difference between live feed, and news feed? any guesses??"
hmm   another day dr  naylor decides not to come to class and neglects to tell us   according to my calculations she has now wasted about $3000 in tuition   stupid psychologists  
finally shot my first bird!!!
anybody want to buy a snake?? seriously??
"wow, dont care about my psych class's obsessive compulsive disorders"
sometimes wishes it was acceptable to break out into song and dance in a quiet room   
"going to make her cats some kitten mittons    haha, shoutout!"
is wondering why its always more sad when the cute boy dies in the movie
happy birthday to me bitches   p s  thanks for all the love  
"loves how people put subtle messeges in their status' that are directed to someone else for some reason or another, but trust me kids the other person has no idea you're talking about them  just do everybody a favor and include their names   smile "
is moving out!! yahoo!!!
oh goodness i'm head over heals
"forever young, i want to be forever young   "
"- oh high speed interent, how i missed you  "
realllyyy hates being lied to 
thinks it's time to move on 
thnks it's time to move on  i knew i couldn't count on you 
"according to my world lit teacher, it costs more to shut fort hays down for a day rather then keep it open  now how much sense does this make?"
"believes ku knows what they're doing  nobody wants to watch a game when the teams wins by 30 points, but when it's a close game that shit gets intense!"
"believes ku knows what they're doing  nobody wants to watch a game when the teams wins by 30 points, but when it's a close game that shit gets intense! go ku!"
"well, you only live once"
boys boys boys   
is best friends with <propfemale> <propmale>
still loves her jayhawks
"is sorry <propfemale> commons, but i drop kicked <propmale> last night  "
what came first? the fruit or the color?
"would like to thank her pops for teaching her how to change, and patch, a flat tire    however, i never want to do that again without a floor <propfirst> and an air ratchet   "
"is feelin' like a <propfemale>, you can't stop my shine, i'm lovin' cloud nine, my head's in the sky, i'm solo, i'm ridin' solo   "
will be in colorado in a little more than 24 hours!!! better get ready kp!
is counting down the hours   only 9 left!
is enjoying colorado with her bestie! yay!!
"finally got her tattoo, and it looks sick!!"
misses coloraro already  sad  and kp
so glad to be talking to <propfirst> again   i missed this kid
"man, i need to get out of this place && i think boston is calling my name"
is now taking boyfriend applications   
"haha   yeah dude   it was off the hook\<propfirst> was there, and we partied   haha\maybe next year   "
is now taking boyfriend applications
"when life gives you lemons, just say fuck em'"
who made you <propmale> of anything?
you're the perfect mistake i'd love to make     s2
finally got the kitchen put back together   now it's just time to clean
just packed her bag for mo   only 5 more days
i guess i'm done waiting for your call   i'm going out  smile 
oh missouri   here i come!
i might drive myself insane if those lips aren't speaking my name   
i'll regret it forever  
gross   stop brushing you teeth at work   
is worth more than an unanswered phone call
will give you my soul but i already sold it 
got her rubik's magic today   eek!
"oh there's something 'bout a man in black, makes me wanna buy a cadillac"
"believes   \\that you shouldn't be so eager to find \\out a secret  it could change your life forever "
the stars are always brighter when it's cold out 
"never tell your problems to anyone   \20% don't care\and the other 80% are glad you have them   "
safely in massachussetts   let the adventure begin  
oh hawks!
can't wait for ku basketball and my birthday!!
oh what a night   
"\everybody love everybody\"" - <propfirst> <propfemale>"""
first day of work at a new home depot    i hope this one is as great as the hays home depot was    smile 
just made some delicious home made pretzels   yumm!
"f you east wichita home depot   i'm so tired of all your rules!! just get you shit together, quick   "
i'm so over old ladies and their old lady problems   if i wanted to deal with it i would have gone into business with my mom  
"dear rock,\i'm sorry  i don't know why we let so many things get between us  \sincerely, a hard place"
steak and beer sundays!!
i hope this wasn't a mistake   
haha    shit got real yesterday   thankfully i have two awesome roomies  thanks steph and <propmale>!
woke up this morning and it was 45 degrees in my house   fml
we could have had it all 
just got home from work and my roommate was watching new <propfemale>! yes!
f off <propfirst> griffith! you're going to hell!
mmmm   it's pretzel time!
\dying is for fools," amateurs \""\"c876f829cdd7ae37bab5e605da847d35,just had the pleasure of watching someone try to parallel park and hit the car behind them  late night adventure ( smile  a success 
"i just had sex! and i'll never go back, to the not having sex ways of the past!!!"
taking a nap   wake me up when the ku game starts   ha 
just heard an add on the radio    heritage college for the blind wants you to donate them your cars!!! ha!
it is time to start a new chapter in my life  let the adventure begin!!!
