fb741cf11b677ce8207335474df5896c
"is playing pond hockey, today!"
"it's fascinating to see a team win the first thirteen games of their season, and lose the last three in a row  it's also fascinating that i'm posting a football based status shortly before the blackhawks are to take the ice  so i'll make this a blackhawks status, as well  go hawks? yep "
"do you know, for you i bleed myself dry? for you i bleed myself dry "
is so terrible at soccer 
seeing all these old cubs sox games on comcast sports net is bringing back a lot of memories 
"do you know, for you i'd bleed myself dry? for you i'd bleed myself dry "
is having a tough time waiting for the iphone firmware update to be available for download 
i somehow got myself up to go play hockey at 6 in the morning even with my body aching and the sorest it has probably ever been  and it was a blast  i  love  hockey  very much 
"the nhl draft has fallen on my birthday     again  well, day two at least  but still  it's like a birthday present that god gives me every year  except for the 2007 draft, when he decided for some reason to make it on the 21st!"
nhl draft is 6 days away  free agency 10 days away  i'm so excited! but that also means we only have 10 more days before havlat is a free agent 
the cubs can't seem to hold a lead today 
if the hawks lose havlat     then i will officially have nothing to live for  sad and pathetic     but true  ='(
"is off to play roller hockey with my g's  peace, yo "
"oh, somebody kill me please  somebody kill me please  i'm on my knees! pretty, pretty please! kill me  i want to die! put a bullet in my heeeeeaaaaeeeeeaaaaaeeeeeeed "
is sick of waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to go back to sleep 
father chavez     what a father he is 
"the blackhawks are one of 7 teams dany heatley is very interested in being traded to  if we got dany heatley, oh my god "
"<propfemale> fox is so freakishly thin  if she was my girlfriend, i would always be careful around her so as not to break her! good thing that's never gonna happen, i can't even get a fat girl  lol"
"i never meant to cause you trouble, i never meant to do you harm "
"\and this ball game is ovah     yes!     hell yes!\"" - <propmale> \""hawk\"" harrelson after podsednik's game winning single """
"my blackhawks wish-list for tomorrow's draft: <propfirst> moore [6th ranked north american skater  defensemen  hometown boy! he's from illinois and loves the blackhawks! plus, we need to draft a defensemen] or magnus paajarvi-svensson [skilled lw with sizebut th"
"lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones  and i will try     to fix you "
"wow  havlat is officially sounding like he's leaving  the blackhawks skip out on <propmale> despres who would've been a steal at the 28th pick to get another \grit\"" and \""character\"" player in olsen  and we're moving backwards  again  fuck  this is being a black"""
"lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones  and i will try - to fix you "
is jealous of people going to see the fray  and very sad about <propfirst> mays 
"sign khabibulin at a paycut, sign havlat to a three year deal, and get rid of huet? i would cry tears of joy if they managed to do that "
is watching the avalanche @ blackhawks game from november  i love nhl gamecenter   smile 
havlat is a free agent  ='(
did the hawks just get <propfemale> hossa?!!?!?!? holy fuck!!! holy fuck!!!
we got <propfemale> hossa long term!!! we got <propfemale> hossa!!! omfg!!!! omfg!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhh!!!!! i'm dying!!!!
*blues clues* we got <propfemale> hossa     we got <propfemale> hossa     we got <propfemale> hossa     because we're really smart!
http annoyed  i190 photobucket com albums z79 blackhawkcrazy61 videosnapshot jpg this is my face when we got hossa   smile 
havlat to minnesota  ='(
really hates <propfirst> tallon right now 
"*havlat begins walking out the door, his bags packed*     wait! <propfirst>! we can change, <propfirst>! we can change! *tears begin streaming down face* please, don't leave us! *dramatic music*"
is downloading some music 
"i don't know why, but i really want to go to us cellular for a sox game soon "
is absolutely dying for hockey season to return 
is in awe of how amazing the mlb com at-bat app is  this is incredible!
is feelin' down about stuff 
is watching brewers dodgers     then padres giants  i wish i had a life 
"is so proud of my good friend, <propfirst> "
just finished six <propmale> of running  the real torture was listening to <propmale> farmer and <propmale> <propmale> calling the white sox game  good god  if only all of chicago's sports announcers were as good as they were in the bay area 
"   questions of science, science and progress  do not speak as loud as my heart "
is so bored   sad 
"   \doesn't mean i didn't get what i deserved  no better and no worse \"""""
"my second favorite game of the playoffs is on nhl network, tonight  game 1 between the blackhawks and flames  the dvr has some work to do, tonight   smile "
<propfirst> tallon was fired! wow! <propmale> bowman is the new gm of the chicago blackhawks 
"anyone wanna see <propmale> potter, tonight? i got bailed on by everyone else as usual "
just asked <propfirst> havlat if he'd wear number 91 for the minnesota wild  i hope he does it!!
is feeling very angry at <propfirst> mcdonaugh  and still wishing we kept havlat 
do you ever look at old profile pictures and wonder how you ever thought those were good pictures of you?
i officially have the most inconsiderate sister in the universe 
left the 80th avenue roller hockey rink just before the rain started pouring down  great timing on our part 
"creepy  my mom had a dream about her grandma  and every time my mom has seen her in a dream, someone close to her seems to die soon after  i'm scared "
is about to fall asleep to the giants game   smile 
77 days till the blackhawks are back   smile 
so       21 guns is a      really good song 
"is down to three possible <propmale> year decisions: either a transfer to purdue, a transfer to university of illinois, or staying put at <propfirst>  it will be a tough year as far as decision making goes "
i don't think i can workout today  my ankle hurts too much  ='(
is feeling very frustrated with stuff 
officially has the most amazing profile picture ever made  all the credit goes to <propfemale> strepka!
would like to remind you to look at my amazing profile picture   laugh 
feels so happy and doesn't even know why!  smile 
"   'it's better to say too much, than never to say what you need to say '"
is so so happy   smile 
"   'thought i ran into you down on the street, then it turned out to only be a dream  now i wonder how whatsername has been '"
rockband is so fun!
"there's a lot of things that i'd like to say to you but i don't know how  i said maybe, you're gonna be the one that saves me?"
"and when the jets go up and out, will our hearts stay here?"
wants to play rockband again  i also wish i had more things to do than facebook 
worked out and ran five <propmale> without my ankle hurting!  smile 
66 days until blackhawks hockey!
"but liquor doesn't exist in my world, no liquor doesn't exist in my world "
"now i've learned a lesson i won't soon forget, so listen and you won't regret  stay true to yourself, don't miss your <propmale>  and you won't end up like the fool who ripped his pants "
"you know that i could use somebody  someone like you, and all you know, and how you speak "
"but i'm good without ya  yea, i'm good without you  yeah, yeah, yeah     this song makes me tear up  i'm a pus  oh well     falling asleep to music soon "
is having difficulty believing the reports coming out about <propfirst> kane being arrested 
<propfirst> kane really broke my heart 
"suddenly has an awkward obsession man crush on cristiano ronaldo     and <propfirst> messi, of course  but cristiano ronaldo is sooo cool  i wish i still had the fox soccer channel   sad "
"maybe, you're gonna be the one that saves me?"
"and from the ballroom floor, we are in celebration  one good stretch before our hibernation  our dreams assured, and we all     we sleep well, sleep well "
"this may never start, we could fall apart     and i'd be your memory "
"my hopes are so high, that your kiss might kill me  so won't you kill me? so i die happy "
"i'll miss you, kiss you, give you my coat when you are cold  need you, feed you, even let you hold the remote control   "
"i know the world's a broken bone, but melt your headaches - call it home "
i've kept a top 50 favorite hockey players list since i was six  it is now time to begin a favorite soccer players list  the top five shall be     1) messi 2) ronaldo 3) torres 4) nistelrooy 5) eto'o
will be watching dortmund vs real madrid on the 19th with my new online soccer tv deal i bought  i am excited 
is looking freakishly italian with the new adidas fila wardrobe and white gold necklace  it's very funny 
is gonna miss his best friend so much    gonna play the fifa demo and mess around on facebook for a while longer   sad 
"\everybody     love     everybody!\"" - <propfirst> <propfemale>"""
is cleaning the room and packing for school - and not watching the real madrid vs dortmund replay cause my paypal is being a jerk 
"pretty girl + blackhawks jersey + blackhawks \bryce\"" hat = deathly combination """
only *30* more days until blackhawks hockey!
"is going to start going by an english variation of my last name, but can't decide on the spelling  should i go with \halladay\"" or \""holliday\""   ?"""
my mom and her friends are all sitting downstairs debating why i don't have a girlfriend [and some of their reasons are ridiculous] and talking about how they think my sister got fat  wtf  we can hear everything 
"\nice snag \""     \""nice toss \""     \""nice abs!\""     \""thanks \"""""
is waiting for his sisters to get home so we can go out to eat! i slept at like 12 last night and didn't wake up till 11  wonderful   smile 
"it's not over till you're underground, it's not over before it's too late  this city's burnin', it's not my burden  it's not over before it's too late "
"went to red lobster, got full from the biscuits, and met an incredibly attractive waitress named <propfemale>!"
"is really, really, really, really sad  so i'm gonna go run all my sadness away  ten <propmale>  i'm gonna run ten <propmale>  am i crazy? yes "
is watching the bears game  and watching a replay of arsenal vs portsmouth later  what a life i lead  i can't wait to go back to school 
i wanna go see inglourious basterds but i have no friends to see it with  so      i'll just play fifa 
"\at least we don't obsess over our favorite foods!\"""""
"and even if i could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall: it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad "
real madrid is embarrassing rosenborg  benzema has two goals in the first half!
is very happy with his new profile picture  and already has six others as possibilities for whenever this one begins to bore me   smile 
"<propfemale> on me, when you're not strong  and i'll be your friend  i'll help you <propfemale> on "
is just too obsessed with fifa at the moment  too obsessed 
"standing in line to see the show tonight, and there's a light on     heavy glow  by the way, i tried to say i'd be there   "
i just found out my single room at <propfirst> is nearly the size of a double  how exciting!
 smile 
should i go to the east providence game and sit in the rain? or stay home? tough decision 
is going to play a little fifa 09 and then go to bed  last day of summer tomorrow   sad 
real madrid season opener vs deportivo la coruna in less than an hour!!!
manchester united vs arsenal had an amazing second half  now watching real madrid vs deportivo coruna!!
real madrid wins the opener against deportivo     but they didn't look godly  that's weird!
"packing the car for move-in, running five <propmale>, and spending the rest of the night with my mom and sisters before i leave tomorrow "
is sitting in cult&civ class    this is the first time my internet has worked 
is happy because there are attractive girls on campus this year!!  smile 
no class till 2!     18 days to blackhawks hockey!!!
"my creative writing teacher is such a bitch  i'm being super judgmental saying that [especially since she hasn't said anything to the class yet]    but just from looking at her from where i am now, i have a really bad feeling "
is about to head out for sports broadcasting class  side note: my judgmental remark about my college writing teacher was awful  only because it turned out that i was completely false and she actually seemed like a very sweet person 
"i'll need you, feed you   even let ya hold the remote control "
"has a two and a half hour class, tonight    but is officially going to the blackhawks first preseason game on the 19th   smile "
feels like an outcast in this meteorology class  i'm like the only one here who isn't a pilot 
hahaha   the only one excited to see me when i got home today was my dog  i think this is the first time in my life i'd rather be at my dorm than home!
"i may be ugly, but they sure    love to stare "
13 days till the blackhawks opening preseason game vs  washington  this countdown has been going for the entire summer and it's finally closing down!
"is getting closer to choosing a favorite soccer team  liverpool has great history, sick jerseys, my favorite player, and they aren't good right now  which means i wouldn't be bandwagoning  they're the perfect choice!"
"is having lunch with the family, then heading back to school  liverpool vs burnley in 5 days  capitals vs blackhawks in 12 days "
"\but awym jus' a wittle mawnico \"""""
i have a bad tendency to let the dumbest smallest things get to me 
"i have a seriously bad crush on <propfemale> steele  it's really, really bad  i watch sportscenter now more to see her than i do the sports highlights "
"\ah   but we do have cargo pants \""     \""but we told him we didn't \"""""
"has been watching premier league soccer and college football all day  unfortunately, i've also been laying in bed all day because of this insanely painful headache that just won't go away "
<propfirst> peterson makes me want to cry 
is still not over last night's bears game  but at least the hawks are playing on saturday!!
is playing soccer tonight! yay!!     one more class to go 
"thinks <propfirst> lyons needs to get a life! what a loser! and that <propfirst> corazzi kid is such a dork, too! and <propfemale> howe is lammmme  and <propfemale> sucks, <propmale> kolanko  and <propfemale> kapinus is unattractive!"
hates knowing there's preseason hockey on and i can't watch it because of the awful internet at <propfirst> 
liverpool vs west ham tomorrow at 11 smile 0     then  the countdown finally comes to an end  blackhawks vs capitals!!!! and i will be there  can't wait! agghh!! this countdown has been going for over 150 days  and it is down to one day!!!!
just had a bag of chips from croatia  they were addicting!
"torres wins it  3-2 liverpool  game over  agh!     getting ready to leave for the hawks game, now   smile "
"<propmale> torres scored two to win for liverpool, <propfirst> cutler and <propfirst> knox led the bears to victory, and i went to the blackhawks game on saturday - all combining together to make a very enjoyable and memorable weekend   smile "
facebook chat will be the reason i fail this class 
cannot wait until saturday when <propmale> torres beats the crap out of the hull city tigers and leads the reds to 3 points! and also cannot wait to get out of this damn two hour class 
"used to love canada  but over the past year or so, i've talked to about 20 or so different canadians that made me realize they're all completely retarded "
"has deleted almost thirty people from my friends so far  god, there's way too many people i don't know on here  i knew there was no way someone as unsocial as me had 360 friends "
has a plate of cheese and fruit that i am going to enjoy while watching nhl network for the next two hours   smile 
'you'll never walk alone'
"is still living off the happiness from the 6-1 liverpool victory today  going to the sox game, tonight  coughfernandotorreshadahattrickcough"
is looking forward to a four day week  skipping class on friday to go home and watch the blackhawks season opener!!!
i can't believe we actually lost to fiorentina  that was the most aggravating game i've watched as a soccer fan so far 
      so um  i don't like studying 
"is finally almost done studying  i studied from 12-4 am last night and 9-now  ugghh  hockey season starts tomorrow, though!!!!"
"ahhh    productive night of hockey watching  oh, i'll say it now: my <propmale> cup winner for this season: the calgary flames "
"blackhawks in ten!!!!! who cares about the olympics? it's much better for us that we didn't get them  anyway  my official prediction for the blackhawks this year: 94 points, 7th in the west  ah, i'm so excited!!!!"
woooo! skipping class to watch the third period!
well    at least we got a point   sad 
got a 140 150 on my cult & civ test  the blackhawks took 3 out of 4 points  bears liverpool play tomorrow  and i have a whole night of hockey watching ahead of me  ah    i  love  life at the moment!
it's funny when someone calls but you love your ringtone so much that you let it ring as long as you can so you can hear the song    and then end up missing the call   smile 
i'm the new cancer  never looked better  you can't stand it 
"is worried about something and, therefore, cannot sleep "
is so sick of my headache problems    how have i lasted all these years getting headaches every single day?
"bolland is out of the line-up, tonight  that makes me really nervous    this game is rather important to me because if we win, we take an early five point lead over detroit in the division  no bolland will make winning in detroit a little more difficult "
the team i chose to win the <propmale> cup this year (calgary) has started 4-0  this pleases me 
"sooo, the fifa 10 demo?     it's amazing  amazing!!"
hawks win!!! so happy to see huet finally do something positive  i was getting really sad seeing him getting beat up by this city  i'm so happy for him  and i'm so happy that we won!! aggh!!
<propfemale> orlova has to be the most amazing women god ever gave this green earth 
is flipping between the sunday night game and the canucks stars game and getting ready to head back to the u tomorrow 
has had a headache for three days now and it won't go away  no motrin or tylenol or anything has gotten rid of this thing! agh!!
"i'm eating in class, and watching hockey in class  god, i don't know how i get such good grades "
is watching out of town hockey games in preparation of watching the blackhawks game  nhl gamecenter  love 
"yayyy, hawks goaltending! my prediction of 94 points might be a stretch at this point  i never laugh when the hawks are losing  but olli's goal just now was the most embarrassing shit i've seen from this team in a long time  normally, i'd be incredibly pissed  but this is just like a really bad joke "
is leaving the u (l) after class to celebrate my mom and sister's birthday 
"    like <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>!"
"\how is he going to look at his father when he gets home!?\"""""
"<-- this guy is cool enough to watch hockey in class  again      well, attempting to, at least "
ugghh    this night class needs to end soon! my streaming video of the blackhawks game is awful in this damn classroom!!
people suck  but the blackhawks won  so no complaints for today  if they lost    might be a different story right now 
"\and you still act like you're in freshman year \"" what the hell is wrong with me? my friends say i should act my age  what's my age again?"""
i've turned into such an asshole since last year  i don't know why 
four straight wins  5-1-1! yes!
the kid sitting next to me [in class] is being a creep and staring at all my facebook conversations messages behind his hoodie  he thinks i can't see but it's fairly obvious  creep  i hope he sees this 
ugh   my liverpool [torres] jersey is sitting in the mailroom at school and the mailroom is closed until monday  bah!!
yay  liverpool hasn't won a game or even scored a goal in three games  we would lose off a goal where an opposing fan throws a giant ball in front of our net and causes the shot to deflect in  premier league title hopes = dead 
is really disappointed the ravens couldn't pull out the win  we really needed a vikings loss 
just saw the most beautiful girl i've ever seen at <propfirst> university  oh my god 
has been playing way too much video games today  i'm going for a 5 mile run to make myself feel less useless 
"heyyyy, affffrica  still curious about this puma!"
"has to miss the blackhawks game, tonight  so i'm recording it and turning my phone off so no one can text me and tell me the score  and so espn doesn't try updating me on the game  so if you can't get in contact with me later, now you know why "
get back     get back     get back to where you once belonged 
has a crush on one of the blackhawks ice crew girls  hahaha if only i had the game to hit on her!
"now that the hawks have won, it's time to spend the rest of the night playing beatles: rockband and learning how to run a wildcat offense [correctly] in madden "
yay! the leafs are finally going to win a game! i'm so happy for them!

women are stupid and i don't respect them!
"<propfirst> <propfirst> persie, andrei arshavin, cesc fabregas and arsenal are getting their asses handed to them today by the likes of <propmale> torres, yossi benayoun, <propfirst> babel, and liverpool!"
i need two things really bad right now: 1) the ability to go more than two days in a row without a headache  2) the ability to sleep    at night 
is going to attempt to sleep since i have to be up a 10 to watch the liverpool game 

"loves how facebook is always suggesting that i \reconnect\"" with <propfirst> ovechkin or <propfirst> sedin by writing on their walls or poking them """
if anyone knows someone who owns a business that would like to sponsor a <propfirst> university hockey team (ice hockey)     please let me know 
"and in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make "
i am so sick of being a hawks fan  so sick of this freaking crap 
"is playing in my first hockey game in over two months, tonight  i can't wait to see how i feel on the ice!"
will be on the ice in just an hour! agh!! can't wait!!
is spending another night with nhl gamecenter   smile 
"3 in the morning  3 mile run  in the books  time to watch 3 in the morning tv with my good pal, <propfirst> "
    =*(
"is skipping night class to watch the blackhawks game, tonight  and god, i want my hair to grow back really bad "
"maxim afinogenov: 6 g, 10 a, 16 p in 16 gp  afinogenov #1!!!"
"the blackhawks circus trip begins this thursday    oh, my best memories as a kid were from this circus trip  it was the only time my mom would consistenly let me stay up late since most of the games were at 9 surprise 0 or 9 smile 0  and it was the only time as a hawks fan where you got a whole string of games in a row without being dogged by the \no home games\"" policy  i love the circus trip """
"happy birthday, <propfirst> kane!"
"<propmale> huet: 10-4-1,  907 sv%, 2 17 gaa  since most of you are relatively new to hockey being a blackhawks fan, i'll simply tell you    those are really good <propfirst>!"
liverpool vs manchester city  now 
is skipping class on wednesday night  i will not allow it to get in the way of me seeing my favorite player make his debut with my team  <propfemale> hossa in two days!!!
our best all-around player and most skilled forward returns tomorrow night  <propfemale> hossa in 27 hours!!! agh!!!
"i'd like you all to know you shouldn't get your hopes up on a kane-toews-hossa line  that'd put two rws on one line and jq would be throwing all his eggs into one baskett  also, be scared - cause while we have hossa back [possibly-rumors he won't play] the sharks are getting torrey <propfirst> back, tonight  new york times says this could be the game of the year "
"is happy because my hair is looking like it will be long again by christmas  i will never listen to my parents, <propfirst> lyons, or spenser <propfirst> wheeler when they tell me to cut it, again  because i like my hair long and i don't care what you losers say  i'm more attractive than you, anyway   laugh "
"and the time will come when you see, we're all one, and life flows on within you and without you "
"for once, i want to be assigned a paper that actually interests me  just once  then maybe i can show them my true writing ability  college is ridiculous, sometimes  in the library  working "
yay! i'm done with my paper  now i'm just going to watch hockey in the library  i kinda like this place   smile 
"blackhawks new third jerseys, tonight? yes, please "
"i was texting today when this incredibly cute girl walked up to me and told me she was so cold because of the weater outside  needless to say, i was in shock that she was talking to me - so shocked, that when i opened my mouth to say something, nothing came out  she walked away  i am such a loser "
my blackhawks video is over 1000 views  i am happy with this!
just applied for an internship with the boston bruins  wish me luck!
is going to be very mad if he doesn't get this communications internship with the boston bruins 
writing papers while you're sick is not fun  but i'm glad i have my laptop back to do it on!
r i p  <propfirst> lennon
is in the library  and there are attractive white women everywhere  hurrah!
this is seriously the <propfemale> age of being a fan of things on facebook  there are so many amazing things to be a fan of!
"as far as the week from hell goes, the worst is over  thank you, god "
the person above me is ugly  and i hate them!
"i still don't get why <propmale> byfuglien decided to be pavel bure, last night  i'm still in complete shock "
found out today that there is a very good <propmale> the nashville predators will be giving me a spring radio broadcasting internship  i haven't even officially applied! they like my sample work i sent them   smile 
"<propmale> tocchet is, was, and always has been a complete asshole  i hated him as a player, and now i hate him as a coach  good thing we kicked into his ugly face, tonight "
"has decided that if i get the preds internship, i am going to convince <propmale> trotz to let me warm up with the team before games "
"<propfirst> corazzi here, speaking on behalf of <propfirst> eid  \ i really think i should change my password\"""""
 love  hockey  love 
brb beating shit outta mom
"<propfirst>  i know you're on my facebook, right now "
<propfemale> orlova is attractive 
is glad <propfirst> corazzi has his facebook back so he can stay off mine!
is feeling quite down 
is so glad i finally have mlb network  it makes me happy 
"98% of all americans will die at some point in their lifetime    truth  for more information, visit www truth org "
"well, i can't sleep  i've been lazy, lately  i've gained four pounds since august  and it's 5 am  sounds like a good time to get back into shape! workout time "
"but as for me, i still remember how it was before  and i am holding back the tears no more  i love you "
is still so incredibly frustrated by last night's game  i hate losing after dominating a team  i hate it  i hate it!
is unwinding from the blackhawks game by watching mlb network 
christmas is not going to be exciting again until i have kids 
"in the process of opening presents early [i know, so ridiculous] god showed his dismay to our family by having dad sit on the remote and subsequently change the channel to on-demand  not only did it switch to on-demand, but the exact buttons to move to a porn channel and buy a porno were touched  as a result, we all, as a family, saw one woman's tongue in another women's vagina as my little sister opened her gift "
<propfemale> christmas to everyone who celebrates it!  smile 
afternoon hockey makes me happy 
fuck nashville  good fucking riddance  thank god we don't have to see them again this fucking season  fuck them 
"we're officially number one in the nhl  chicago blackhawks: 26-9-3, 55 pts "
"<propmale> toews makes team canada over <propmale> lecavalier? wow, that's rather shocking to me  <propmale> seabrook over <propfirst> bouwmeester? not as surprising, but still surprising  yzerman made some interesting choices "

"that was the worst hockey game i've seen all season long  and that's saying a lot, cause i've seen some pretty bad ones "
"now that the calgary flames have officially reached the half-way point of their year, i'd like to re-assert the affirmation i made prior to the start of the regular season  the calgary flames will walk away from this year's playoffs with the <propmale> cup held high over their heads for the first time since 1989  i hope i'm wrong "
i just received the greatest compliment i've ever gotten in my broadcasting career  that turned the day around quick   smile 
"is watching the bruins rangers, then the kings sharks  sleeping after "
"if we acquired ilya kovalchuk, i might accidentally hurt somebody as a result of my over-excitement "
i hate waiting around for hockey to start  why can't it just be on right now?
"the world juniors were incredible  the ending to that game was just astounding  usa 6 canada 5 final, o t "
will be enjoying pond hockey with good people in the morning  good night 
"i woke up this morning and my dad told me i look like <propfirst> flacco  i love <propfirst> flacco, but i don't know if i want to look like him  second time someone has told me that in the past year "
"there is going to be a lot of shoveling to do in the morning  getting ready to watch the sharks game, then heading to bed  incredibly tired from a long day of pond hockey "
"we're in bahston to play mahc savahd and the bruins, tonight  i can hahdly wait "
i love my dog  there  i have succeeded in posting a status not involving hockey 
? a taste of <propfemale> 
"that loss brought a lot of wonderful memories back to life  i used to get scared headed into the final frame with a big lead, and i still do  i don't care how different the talent level is between now and then  we're the blackhawks  it's what we do "
can't decide which bothered me more: a) watching a four goal lead evaporate in twenty minutes and losing in the shootout  b) outshooting anaheim 42-12 and still managing to lose 3-1 
"even in confession, <propfirst> mcgwire is answering around all of <propmale> costas' questions  that was the most half-assed confession i've ever listened to "
"i feel bad for the team that gets a #2-3 seed and has to play the detroit red wings in round one of the playoffs  on another note: i will be in class throughout the majority of the day  first day of classes for me  oh, the fun "
"is incredibly tired  but i ate too much, today  so i'm going to do a quick four <propmale> on the elliptical  follow that up with a shower and then it's finally off to bed  the first day of the semester was wonderful, and it's going to be a good one for sure "
sitting in an english garden ? waiting for the sun
i hate everyone 
text 'haiti' to 90999 to donate $10 for relief efforts 
"hey, we're outplaying the opposition and not losing! this is a nice turn of events from our last time out versus anaheim  very nice "
words are flowing out ? like endless rain into a paper cup
"actually, i change my mind  i'm going to go with a final of indianapolis vs new orleans in the super bowl "
this may be one of the greatest days of my life  1) the blackhawks won  2) i got hit on by my incredibly attractive dermatologist  [what was she thinking?] 3) the nashville predators radio play by play guy likes my work enough that he's forwarding it to their tv guy! and 4) the blackhawks won  in the words of ice cube; today certainly was a 'good day' 
"missed an entire period of the blackhawks game, today  my streak of not missing anything is over  =*("
"i've decided i'm going to play rat-hockey with the old guys on friday mornings  time to get hooked, slashed, hit, and verbally abused by a bunch of jealous old jerks that never made it anywhere in life  can't wait!"
i can't go on like this the world is unfair  xoxoxoxoxox  love  miss him xoxox  love  1 11 10  love 
calgary flames @ san <propfirst> sharks tonight  great match-up  always one of my favorites to watch  very excited for this one!
"has spent too much time on facebook, today "
there is a really attractive girl in my poetry class  really attractive 
"basketball jones ? i got a basketball jones ? i got a basketball jones, oh baby  ? o surprise o surprise -oooo    oh, space jam  how i loved that movie "
i had a dream last night that i told <propmale> gerbe he's short and that i'm a better hockey player than he is  then i proceeded to bully and push him around  only i would dream that 
*** i start 2 w0nd3r if this was th3 th1ng 2 d0     *** xox  love 
lol omgz ** bed  sh0w3r  sk00l  gymnastics  panera w  my l0ves!!! ** xoxo  love 
"many times, i've been alone  and many times, i've cried "
is going to go cry my butt to sleep  feeling so down 
sentimental thoughts are overwhelming me again ? as i stare through a lens of tears
"i love west-coast, late-night hockey  it has been the most relaxing, enjoyable part of my life for many years  unfortunately, there is plenty of homework to finish before i can enjoy hockey night in canada and the late-start in vancouver "
"that's it  i'm deleting <propfirst> sedin from my facebook friends  that game was the last straw for me  our friendship [although his account isn't actually his]     is over  if henrik had one, i'd delete him, too!"
"got xbox live today! add me if you want to play nhl 10, madden 10, or fifa 10!        ka88ne"
the super bowl could not possibly top this  this is a game i'm probably not going to forget!
is boosting his confidence by beating up his sister in fifa 10  and celebrating every goal!
the jerry: where the stars take the field 
"questions of science, science and progress ? do not speak as loud as my heart"
feels bad for oilers fans   sad 
"i have to be one of the luckiest people in the world  i don't know how i ever complain about anything  listening to my full-collection of beatles albums [illegally downloaded, of course] and then finally heading to bed "
"is bringing back my poofy, messy, unkempt hair  not that it wasn't already that, but it will intentionally look even worse than usual "
"i hurt my dad's neck celebrating the goal  i feel bad  thank you, god "
all your life ? you were only waiting for this moment to arrive
happy hockey day in canada! one of my favorite days of the year!
"happy birthday to my dog  aj is 4 years old, today   smile "
"the flames minus <propfirst> phaneuf plus <propmale> white, <propmale> stajan, <propmale> mayers, and niklas hagman = still my choice to win the <propmale> cup "
shortening my rant on martz: we do not have the personnel to run offenses as complex as the ones he has been known to run in the past 
eid    pressured  rolls out right  throws it deep! into the friend-zone!       *crowd cheers*     touchdown! what a throw! eid's 14th friend-zone throw of the season!
she's not a girl who misses much ? do-do-do-do-do-do    oh yeah 
this game is depressing me  handling two losses in a row isn't as easy as it was in the old days  but maybe we'll come back  trying to be positive 
does not feel like driving to <propfirst> university  would somebody like to come pick me up and chauffeur me there? that would be great  thanks 
i don't want to see kovalchuk in a devils jersey  i don't want it 
"is spending the night hangin' with my good friend, hockey   smile "
"is having a very difficult time sleeping  agh, i also can't stop thinking about that alluring moment between <propfirst> brees and his baby boy  it did evoke tearful emotions  it was, perhaps, my favorite part of the game  watching <propmale> burns' baseball which will hopefully put me to sleep!"
"there's this sickening feeling of anxiety in the pit of my stomach  i would like for it to stop  anyway, <propfirst> turco is not playing well  this is good!"
"i just want to play hockey all day and never worry about anything or anyone and what they think  all anxiety and stress and insecurities evaporate when i'm fortunate enough to get to play  when i die, there better be an afterlife involving hockey  otherwise, i'm going to be really pissed "
arsenal vs liverpool at 1:45  then off to <propfirst> to deal with my daily bullshit 
"cubs pitchers and catchers report in 6 days  giants in 6, as well  white sox in 9  i'm so excited "
i would really like to take a nap  napping is fun  i like napping 
so    in case you can't tell  i'm really excited about the trade we made today  it was a steal  so i'm updating my status a fourth time to talk about it   laugh 
"do not dare text me the score of the blackhawks game, tonight  or i will hate you forever  i am recording it "
nobody said it was easy ? no one ever said it would be so hard ? i'm going back to the start
"i am very stupid  and by that, i mean i am not smart "
is reading <propfirst> fleury's biography  he is a role model for all of us undersized players in the nhl   smile 
i wish i was good at hockey so i could play the game i love for a living and not be in college  =*(
"i was fortunate enough to have the greatest, most loving, fun to be around friends as a kid  and i slowly realize every day that no one can and no one ever will replace them "
<propfirst> kane = my futur3 husband lol omg  love 
<propfirst> fleury's book is just captivating  there is no other way to put it  i am addicted 
"why don't curlers ever celebrate? they have ice! that can allow for some of the coolest celebrations ever  but no, curlers won't celebrate at all  no wonder no one watches their sport! they're boring!"
"\you can observe a lot by watching \"" - yogi berra"""
go latvia! #1
"i better be moving to nashville this fall  or i will be very, very angry "
s0 sick 0f this drama i swear lik3 all my friends r gunna b3 guyz frum now on lol xox gurlz r betches  love 
"it is only 6 in the morning and i have already managed to:  1) not study for my midterms  2) act like an idiot with two great friends  3) embarrass myself via facebook wall post  4) be extremely nervous about the oncoming day  it feels like i'm a surfer laying nervously on my board, watching as a monstrous wave comes barreling towards me  it's a long-board that tito carved for me with his bare hands, too!"
has not slept for over 28 hours  i am incredibly tired and wish sleep was in my future  but it isn't!
"i have to watch the wedding singer  it makes me happy, brings back wonderful memories   smile "
off to southern indiana  praying that my headache problems don't bite me in the butt on the long drive there!
is going to chicago for a little league baseball coach's meeting soon  i'm excited   smile 
everything i'm not ? made me everything i am
is so glad the nhl is finally back  i plan on watching at least a little from each of the 12 games on tap for tonight   laugh 
"tune into versus now to watch sharks devils and listen to my favorite broadcaster that has been the biggest help influence on my career to date  the man has done a lot for me  sharks vs devils, <propfirst> hahn doing the play-by-play "
nhl trade deadline day was another disappointment    oh well! listening to the beatles and watching hockey highlights to compensate  then reading 
cause with you    got n0thin but a t-shirt on    i never felt so b3eatiful    baby as i do n0w    n0w that im with |you| xoxox  love  1 18 09  love 
sleepless long nights ? that is what my youth was for
"and the weather's so breezy ? man, why can't life always be this easy?"
"is waking up at 5 smile 0 in the morning to go play rat hockey on a day that features a full day of classes  the hockey part will be a blast, the school with no sleep part will be awful  oh well!"
"had a remarkably easy time adjusting to being back on the ice again, this morning  it was great being reminded of why being on the ice is the greatest feeling in the world  i just wish class would finish soon because i'm just incredibly tired "
"we live in a beautiful world ? yeah we do, yeah we do"
"is lying there and staring at the ceiling, waiting for a sleepy feeling "
is still feeling quite sick  gonna do some napping to help rid myself of the bags under my eyes  i'm looking forward to it   smile 
"if me and <propmale> were hanging off a <propmale>, and you can only save one of us, which one would you save!?"
is watching cubs vs sox on comcast sports net  it's great to hear <propmale> kasper's voice again   laugh 
"i find such great, classy people everywhere i go  why am i so lucky?"
this is a team people e playful ect to win the <propmale> cup? a team that has guys going off for changes and hanging around center ice as the opposing team makes a quick break up the rink and wins the game with seconds left as a result of our complete lack of caring and effort? wow  this is the worst thing i've seen from this team 
these days such a kind girl ? seems so hard to find
is playing roller hockey with some friends today!! does anyone else want to play??
<propfemale> kapinus is a gold-digger  stay away from this one!
"so i got this idea  since i'm supposed to be awake early tomorrow morning, my thought is that if i sleep right now, i can actually feel ready for the day when i wake up! because sleeping now would mean i would be getting more sleep! why didn't i think of this earlier!?"
<propfirst> university has been ranked #379 out of 500 colleges for ugliest student body [women only]  http annoyed  www1 studentsreview com perceptual_rankings best_school php3?rankid=102&d_ranking=ugliest%20girls
"there are many things that i ? would like to say to you, but i don't know how"
a transfer to u of i is on my mind again 
"i'm usually the one to avoid comments directed towards referees, but that was one of the most poorly called hockey games i've ever had the misfortune of witnessing  regardless, we deserved to lose  <propmale> hiller was great, and we didn't finish our chances  despite another missed call that led to an anaheim goal at the end, we still had time to tie the game and prove why we're a top three team, and we didn't "
"in this friendly, friendly world ? with each day so full of joy ? why should any heart be lonely?"
"my sister told me she wanted to wash my hair with a \special product\"" [which i let her do]     my hair is now <propfemale> chestnut brown """
"come  break  me  down  ? bury me, bury me  i am finished with you "
happy birthday to <propmale> costas!
"bad day    but it's okay, the blackhawks won  finally time to sleep "
is buying mlb 2k10 today  going to watch an episode of community with <propfirst> before heading off to the worst university in the world! woohoo!
can't stop watching classic games on nhl gamecenter!
my easter break starts tonight    which means i will be watching hockey for hours on end    starting tonight 
that game has me verrrrrrry down 
"on this day, in 1971 -- my childhood hero was born  pavel bure is 39, today  his career ended so early  no player that great should have his career ended so early  thanks for the memories, pavel  =*("
calgary @ colorado  on friday  my flames prediction is still alive 
but if this ever changin' world in which we live in ? makes you give in and cry    say live and let die 
flames win! flames win! tied for the eighth spot with colorado!!
i feel my worn hands ? are empty waiting for god's new plans
"run away, run away ? i'll attack"
getting ready to watch yankees @ red sox  opening night!  laugh 
the yankees are sitting dead last in the <propmale> east! who woulda thunk it!?
"baseball is stuck in the 1910s  replay needs to be used in situations like that, but instead    a dropped ball becomes a catch and then a double-play in the process  that's just so wrong "
butler sucks! they're not even good at basketball!
life is a constant game of falling short 
"well, it's official  i have proven my lack of  intelligence even in a matter that is supposed to be one of the main  staples in my life  i am    a moronic hockey fan  thank the 2009-2010  calgary flames for proving it "
white men can't jump 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is certainly not my lover  she is simply a girl who makes the outrageous claim that i am 'the one' 
"will be investing in a san <propfirst> giants  authentic on-field cap so that i can finally replace the three \rbk\""  hats i've become known for """
"will be in attendance at tonight's twins @ white sox game  i'm looking forward to it  the blackhawks game is set for recording, so no texts claiming the score is  surprise  colorado and no texts with the actual score  thank you!"
"for every one good person, there are a million assholes "
"sexy <propfemale>, what have you done? ? you made a fool of everyone"
o m g  - playoff tym3!!1 *-* go hawx *-* my favorit3 sp0rts t3am im g0ing 2 marry th3m all!!1!!1
this toronto crowd has been so good  i wish more baseball crowds were like this during the regular season   
doesn't want to go to ethics class    or corporate media  i'm not a fan of either class 
"oh, take me back to the start "
doesn't want to go to sleep because i don't want to be alone with my thoughts  so i will watch classic hockey games instead   smile 
"is watching the playoffs on both my television and computer  oh, playoff time    how i love you "
playoff watching will be easier tonight because there will only be a two and a half hour point where i'll be required to pay attention to two games at once! woohoo! my 9 surprise 0 and on playoff watching will be easy   smile 
is so incredibly nervous and anxious 
"enjoyed watching my team lose by myself, in my basement, with no friends or family what-so-ever  losing and being alone are common for me anyway  screw everyone  screw nashville  yay! no more home-ice advantage! what we worked for for 82 freakin' games is already gone "
i'm still not happy 
"is entering depression mode now  all my nightmares about the blackhawks during the regular season are coming true  their lack of caring didn't cost them in game two, but they paid for it tonight  just like they did in game one "
"life is not like a box of chocolates, it is like an assorted bag of vegetables  you don't really want any of it, but some of the vegetables are a little more bearable than the others "
easily a top five moment in my entire life  that was the greatest event i've ever had the great fortune of being in attendance for 
"the blackhawks winning was wonderful, but what made being in attendance at that game as incredible as it was involved something else  every soul was elated, and for a brief few moments, i [as well as everyone there] got to e playful erience an ideal world  where everyone is happy and everyone loves everyone  i have never felt happiness like the happiness i felt today in my entire life "
my voice is still gone    it is still extremely painful to speak! it was fun watching the playoffs all day knowing we won  i am now watching the highlights of the game for the 30th time   laugh 
my voice is fully recovered after saturday's blackhawks game! finally!
i don't think we're going to beat vancouver   sad 
"oh, online classes  how easy you are   "
<propfirst> university is the opposite of a good school!
will be in attendance at every blackhawks second round playoff game [only the home games] 
"my mom's playoff bracket is a perfect 8 8  as opposed to my 5 8 with the washington loss  hahahaha completely worth it, though  <propmale> habitants #1!"
i'm looking for my son  where is my son!?
i want to wear my canucks jersey to the united center tomorrow and confuse the crap out of everyone when i cheer for the blackhawks 
"i miss the illegal dish my dad bought to watch hockey games back in '97  it ruined our backyard but it allowed us to watch every out-of-market game there was  oh, the memories  =*("
okay    i've decided: blackhawks win in seven  i think chicago is under vancouver's skin  that is the official prediction for me 
can't get by how eerily similar <propfirst> pavelski  looks to <propfirst> versteeg  too bad versteeg is no where near pavelski as  far as hockey sense goes 
i want to be that guy and buy a white tux to sport at my cousin's wedding three weeks from now  good idea?
"the playoffs have taken a heavy toll on my blood pressure and well being    i can sleep relaxed, tonight  thank goodness "
rip <propmale> harwell
"hurray, my favorite sports team! way to out-duel the competition! victory is ours!"
is the opposite of sad right now!
"okay  <propfirst> strasburg     is a freak  i have a feeling he's going to be one of the greatest pitchers baseball has seen in a very long time, and very soon  however, he will still never take <propmale>'s spot in my heart "
finally bought the san <propfirst> giants hat i've been dying to acquire for months! i can't decide whether to curve the <propmale> or not   
"is finally going to start running outside again  i'm so excited! 3-4 <propmale> to begin, hopefully up to 6-8 a couple weeks from now  running + baseball in earphones = extravagent "
"all this emotion, and yet we are only halfway there  the 12 hour rule is in effect  smiles must be wiped off everyone's faces by 11 surprise 0 am tomorrow "
is making a sandwich and watching a movie to celebrate the half-way <propfirst> of the blackhawks journey   laugh 
now somewhere in the black mining hills of <propfemale> ? there lived a young boy named <propmale> raccoon
"for the first time in my life, i am not nervous or anxious before a blackhawks playoff game "
tehehehehehehe  laugh 
is having trouble sleeping  i'm still too excited happy about the game one win   smile 
"<propfirst> tallon is now the general manager of the florida panthers  haha i don't know why, but this is extremely funny to me "
? the quiet things that no one ever knows
"to my future wife, employers, or fortunes of money that may be thrown my way: should the blackhawks win the <propmale> cup this year, nothing [whether it be the day i met future wife, was hired for a dream job, etc] will ever surpass that moment in being the greatest moment of my entire life  six more wins  i am the happiest i've ever been "
last one out of the united center  elation  5 more!!!!!!!!
i'm so freaking happy  i'm not going to be able to sleep tonight!! ahahahghghghghh!!!!!! hahahahahahah!!!!!!!!!!
"has tried, and failed to fall asleep  i have lost the battle to the excitment of being up three games to nothing! i am just too happy to go to sleep! so i will not  nhl 10 instead   laugh "
afgghmgggjfinigdtbcuducjgrushcfhvjghhjjjjjjjkkkkkkkggjjj!!!!!!!!! were going to the finals!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i cried for hours when the white sox won the world series, and i have never cared even half as much for them as i do the blackhawks  i took several laps around the house after today's win, but no tears  there will be crying if we are to win it  i am so happy  sosososososososoososososos happy  ahhh!!!!"
psssstt    *whispers*     hey!     the blackhawks won the western conference today! we get to play in the <propmale> cup finals now! but don't tell anybody 
"my blackhawks have robbed me of yet another night of sleep  it's okay, though  i don't mind  even though i have an internship interview tomorrow  but no big deal  i'll just lay in bed and continue to think about what it would be like to win it all  we're going to the finals  i know i've said it thirty times today but i can't stop thinking about it   smile "
the internship interview went very well  i'm relieved  next on the day's agenda: our opening night roller hockey game!!
"oh god, i can't wait to end this stupid \cinderella\"" story  screw philadelphia  they don't deserve to share the same ice with us """
is currently updating my top 50 favorite nhl players list  it has been updated every six months since june of 1999    hahaha it will never end 
if you ever enter my mind ? stay there -- you'll live
is extremely nervous about the flyers  i have a feeling the series will go seven games 
"anxiety and impatience toward the arrival of game one combined with my fear of the philadelphia flyers is costing me sleep  did we have to be matched up with the under-achieving team that just recently got healthy? did we have to be matched up with one of the only teams with just as many offensive weapons as we have? damn it, this is all your fault <propmale> <propfirst> darschewski!!"
the nerves are at their worst today    i'm dying for game one to begin 
woohoo! i love having headache problems! 8 headaches in 8 days! this feels heavenly!!
today is the day  this is it  game 1 
omgomgimgomg i'm so nervous  heart is pounding 
"i'm happy beyond words  i've never smiled for so long that my face started getting tired, but it did  i'm still smiling anyway!!!!  smile "
is not going to be able to sleep tonight    time to watch the highlights another 50 times 
"i don't feel like i deserve the blackhawks to be in the finals  fans wait their whole lives for this and i'm e playful eriencing it only 14 years into my fanhood  oh well, i'll take it   laugh      soaking it in  i'm living the dream right now, which is why i probably can't sleep again  reality is currently much better than anything my dreams my have to offer   laugh "
just finished watching game one in its entirety for the second time  it was almost as good the second time as it was the first   laugh 
this is quite possibly one of the worst feelings i've ever felt 
is reliving all <propmale> cup championship-celebrations i've witnessed in the past and getting awfully emotional in the process  we're so close   
nothing like being woken up five minutes after a tearful goodbye to the night  i'm gonna be up for a while 
"i read the news today, oh boy     ?"
is watching the cubs game and completely avoiding nhl network  it's still not helping get my mind off the game last night 
is this really happening?
i'm just so happy  so happy  i can't believe we're a win away!!!!!!! agggghhhhhh!!!!
"just saw    the most ridiculous, messed up movie i've ever seen  a horror movie that ended up being literally the funniest movie my eyes have ever witnessed  if you have comcast on-demand, go to \free movies\"" and watch \""dead alive\""     i can't even believe this movie was released to the public  i've never laughed so hard in my life """
is listening to a couple newly downloaded phoenix albums  i just suddenly love this band  out of no where 
tonight may be the greatest night of my entire life 
has broken out the signed <propfirst> daze jersey in preparation for what may be the greatest day of my life 
"the clothing i have worn on this day will officially be retired and framed  i've said it a thousand times - this will forever be better than anything else that happens in my life  crying in my mom's arms, sharing in all the elongated hugs -- all these feelings that are just indescribable  how fortunate, only 14 years into my fanhood  no sleep tonight, time to watch the game a second time  followed by a third "
has now watched game six a total of six times  and even more great news tonight    toews is on the cover of nhl 11! and there are user celebrations in the game! user celebrations! i've been dying for user celebrations my entire damn life!!!
the first jersey of an nhl defensemen i have ever bought    my <propmale> <propfirst> jersey complete with the <propmale> cup final patch is here  my official keepsake for the year that was ours   laugh 
"coming from the kid with a profile picture of himself crying over the blackhawks, it should come as no surprise that toy story 3 made me cry like a baby  god, this movie has followed me through every stage of life  they so did it on purpose  go watch it, it's the best of the three but if you're emo like me    beware "
"ah, time to enjoy yet another nhl awards show  this time as a champion!!! my winners for this year: masterton [kurtis foster] -- <propfirst> adams [dave tippett] -- pearson (or <propfirst>) [henrik sedin] -- messier [shane doan] -- selke [pavel datsyuk] -- calder [jimmy howard] -- vezina [ryan miller] -- lady byng [martin st  louis] -- <propmale> [duncan keith] -- hart [henrik sedin]"
"henrik sedin wins the hart memorial trophy  thank god  it would have been a travesty if he did not  it would also have been a travesty if <propfirst> green won <propfirst> <propmale>  what a wonderful night to see <propmale> win it, i'm so happy "
"is so excited for yet another nhl draft, tonight  they seem to come and go so fast these days    revealing the full wish-list later  but i will say now that the player i want most that might drop to us is <propfirst> burmistrov  he'll be number one on my wish-list this year "
"draft time!! my wishlist for this year: <propfirst> burmistrov, nino niederreiter, <propfirst> watson, <propmale> mcilrath, stanislav galiev, or <propmale> sheahan  #1 pick prediction: <propfirst> seguin  i think florida takes gudbranson  i also think <propfirst> connelly is going to drop off the board big time  maybe as far as 10-15  fun fun fun!!!"
draft day leaves me feeling unsatisfied much more often than it does happy  but i guess i'm okay with <propfirst> hayes  i'm extremely pissed we passed up on <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale> etem but    whatever  we won the <propmale> cup   smile 
"well  we got by on two things: organization, and our name  the us is a talentless team that over-achieved, and the lack of class involved in the game of soccer is proven yet again  zero finishers  no game changers  we have none  ghana deserved to win this game, but the overtime and dives and so many things about this game need to be fixed and you know what? they never will be "
"    now some other folks might be a little bit smarter than i am  bigger and stronger, too  oh, but none of them will ever love you the way i do "
"<propfirst> versteeg dealt to toronto    it hurts, but we got my 24th favorite player in return!!! viktor stalberg!!"
she eyes me like a pisces when i am weak  ? i've been locked inside your heart shaped box for weeks 
"our daily compromise, it is ? written in your signed armistice"
"oh  my  god  <propfirst> university is getting an ice hockey team  i get to play on a team that somewhat matters again  thrilling  i've been freaking out all day  suddenly, the school doesn't seem so bad anymore  smile "
the blackhawks won the <propmale> cup   smile 
"thanks for ruining the one month anniversary of our <propmale> cup win, <propmale> <propmale>  jerk      oh well, we got an ice slot for some hockey tonight and i can't wait  so that helps  but i'm still mad at you, <propmale> "
"fold it, fold it, fold it, fold it-- ?"
"being a <propmale> torres fan was bittersweet, today  that's okay, though  he's my favorite player no matter what  even if he's a jerk and leaves liverpool  i will be rather hurt if he does "
"dreamt of our <propmale> cup banner being raised, last night  71 days until our preseason opener in winnipeg   smile "
officially has the most ridiculous voicemail greeting of alltime 
"woohoo! 'the club' premieres tonight at 8 on mlb network  in case you haven't heard, it's a reality show that follows the white sox front office from the beginning of the season on  can't wait  laugh "
"raahahhhh laattaaarrwwaarrraaahh, rawwrrr!!! - as i lay dying"
"the <propmale> cup champions dvd has left me smiling big  i wish they covered more pivotal points of the regular season, but it's still a great video  i will watch it a million times   smile "
"can we please have a baserunner, <propmale>? please?"
"played hockey with a minor-league journeyman today  <propmale> galvin, he played for the manitoba moose this season  he's also had stints with the grand rapids griffins and providence bruins  seemed like a nice guy, he even tried to teach a couple of us how to perfect our saucer passes! [tried]"
you and i have memories longer than the road that stretches out ahead 
i'm getting braces    how exciting 
"she's been buildin' up a castle, and i     ? roll the dice for me"
"niemi's arbitration hearing is today  god, this has been a nightmare of an offseason "
"it's my money, and i need it now!"
"it's so nice to see all these blackhawks status' in the middle of summer! in my opinion, walking away from niemi is the right move  $2 75 million is too much for a goalie that hasn't really proven anything yet  plus, i actually think turco might end up being an upgrade  he's one of the best stickhandling goalies in the game, too  that could end up being great for us, especially with our speedy transition game "
likes how discovery channel is promoting 'shark week' like it's sex 
down to just 50 days until the blackhawks preseason begins!
woohoo!! pulling weeds!!
"my favorite hockey player signed to play in russia for five years, today  i am very down  very, very down "
"but liquor doesn't exist in my world ? no, liquor doesn't exist in my world"
officially has nfl on cbs ringtones set to be my tones for this fall  they sound so good!
exciting day  playing roller hockey and then spending the night with a couple good friends and madden 11  i'm excited 
"<propmale> <propmale> megaplex, 2010 inline hockey champions! woo!"
"yea, there's nothing left to prove  cause i'm just trying to be a better version of me for you "
"is so incredibly excited for the bears game, tonight  not to mention    only 40 days away from the blackhawks first preseason game, too!!!"
*independent black woman singing voice*     i'm nawt always thaaar when you cawl     buh-i'm awlways on taymme     and i gayyve you my awl     now baybay be mayne  * independent black woman singing voice*
"yes  after applying for now over 30 jobs this entire summer, i finally got a call back for a job interview  finally "
<propmale> <propmale> is the greatest quarterback to ever grace the national football league  admit i'm right this instant 
"madden 11    i'm so addicted  all these twists and turns my franchise has seen make for an e playful erience similar to that of a book that you just can't put down  from <propfirst> owens taking over as head coach of the bears in 2012 [apocalyptic sign] to seeing the steelers again beat the cardinals on a last second touchdown drive in super bowl 46, the pandemonium never ends "
"this would happen to me  i went to my job interview at brunswick zone, and was asked one normal question -- in response, i mentioned my love for hockey and found that the man interviewing me loves hockey, as well  my job interview ended up being an hour long conversation about hockey and i ended up getting offered a better job than the one i applied for  thank you, hockey   smile "
"i hope you don't care much for your legs, <propfirst>  they won't be around for much longer!"
"bought some cubs shirts which for some reason were on sale, today!     i guess there are some benefits to being a losing team after all "
no reply    ? no reply   
job interview  <propmale>'s sporting goods  12 smile 0pm       g3tting r3ady  love  *~xox
"in all my years of playing hockey video games, nhl 10 to nhl 11 is the greatest improvement i've seen from any hockey game in a one-year-span  this game    is just  wow  nhl 2k2 to 2k3 was the previous best as far as improvement goes, and nhl 10 to nhl 11 just blows that record out of the water "
"ya just call on me, brotha    when you need a hand ? we all need somebody to <propfemale> on"
"11 days until nhl 11's release, 25 days until the nhl preseason begins, 26 days until the blackhawks preseason opener in winnipeg, 41 days until the nhl regular season begins -- including the blackhawks season opener in colorado  hockey come back, i love you  you're my life  i'm a wreck without you "
"i just can't escape these daily headaches  me and <propmale> harvin are so alike! the headaches, the skin color, athletic ability, etc! right? am i right??"
bears game was disappointing as usual  but    hearing <propmale> on the texans cowboys game + hard knocks made up for it 
"back to the lamest excuse for a university ever, tomorrow "
yes! i'm going to packers @ bears on monday night football!!!
the <propfirst> is back  <propfirst> ii begins in moments 
"spongebob, my arms    they're frozen solid! you're going to have to cut them off with a saw! - my favorite <propfirst> <propfemale> quote "
"<propfirst> hockey meeting tonight    something tell me that, like everything <propfirst>, it's not going to be organized  or fun! for god's sake, i found out today that i have an online class run by a teacher that doesn't exist  only at <propfirst>  this school   "
7 days in a row with a headache  i'm sick of headache issues  the pain won't go away  sad 
is having a pop for the first time in forever  sunkist    you taste so good!!!
"is playing eastside hockey manager in class  my 2017 chicago blackhawks are much more important than anything school has to offer  psh! side note: i think i'm approaching around 40 seasons played in this game over the past four years  oh, the lack of life i have "
is just two classes away from football season!!!
football    finally!! napping my way to game time 
blackhawks on tonight!!! agh!!!
hawks lose 6-3     i hate the <propfemale> leafs 
"oh, nfl sundays    how i love you  how i've missed you   "
the life of a bears fan   
"i've been trying to convince myself that i'm happy about our win on sunday, but i just can't  we shouldn't be 1-0   crying "
exactly one more week to the blackhawks!!!
aggghhhhh huge win!!! so happy!!!!
time to watch the jets lose in peace!!!!
is once again seriously considering a transfer to michigan state or u of i     only this time i'm much more serious about it  i'll be applying (if possible) this week!
omg    the blackhawks are playing tomorrow  i've been counting down the days since june 12th and it's finally here  *drools*
"clean your room, eat your carrots, cook the dog!!!     cook your own dog!?!?! no child should be made to do that   "
"i hate the jets, i hated braylon edwards before today (especially after his assholish taunting on sunday), and after an edwards drunk driving charge, i now hate both even more! i'm just glad to see a difference maker on this team is in trouble  the jets and their undeserved cockiness can go to hell "
"is watching preseason hockey    oh, what a feeling  blackhawks tomorrow night "
this is the most entertaining preseason game i've ever seen 
"it's a bittersweet symphony this life  trying to make ends meet, you're a slave to the money, then you die "
watching hockey is a feeling that calms my life unlike any other activity i ever take part in  i'm so happy the preseason is here again 
who dat? who dat? who dat say dey gon beat them falcons?
"god, nfl red zone    you're beautiful  plus, you're so easy to watch when i don't have to worry about the bears game!"
"i hope braylon edwards gets hit by a drunk driver  go to hell, jets "
"will be at the bears game, tonight  oh god, we haven't been a part of a regular season game this big or important in a very long time  i'm incredibly nervous "
just out of the game!!!! we're 3-0!!!! we're 3 and fucking 0!!!!! on top of the world!!! yes!!!! greatest night since june 9th!!!!!!!!
we're 3-0 and 29 other teams are not 3-0  laugh 
"but i'll be so close behind, i'll follow you into the dark "
"if you miss a day without your friend, your whole life's off track "
monday night football followed by my hockey game at 10 o'clock  it shall be a good night!
oh my god    i have a gray hair  already  i'm 20!!!
"*turns mic on*     upon further review, the replay showed that the gray hair only appeared so    because it was sticking out and the light reflecting on it made it seem so  therefore, the hair is deemed not gray *crowd cheers* and the ball will be placed at the eid 20  the eids will not be charged with a timeout  replay    1st down "
i like it with lettuce!
"our nhl center ice package is all ordered and ready for the sixth year in a row  oh god, i can't wait for tomorrow  hockey practice tonight, oh the fun!"
"my predictions for the nhl season  surprise teams: edmonton, colorado, <propfemale>, toronto  west winner: vancouver, east winner: pittsburgh    <propmale> cup: pittsburgh"
"i am a living legend  with me, the playoffs are a certainty "
"that game was extremely setting in more ways than one, but after storming to my bedroom i flipped to the videos section of my iphone and watched the only video available  game 6 of the <propmale> cup finals  forwarded to the end, i feel better now "
"don't worry, i won't be crying when our banners are raised tonight like i was when we actually won it, but i will be very emotional  getting ready for a moment i've waited forever to see "
at home with my fellow brethren at the united center 
mannn u gotta know mannnn i ain't up in dis biiittch fah nuthin' homie
got over the blackhawks game really fast tonight! i think i'm finally becoming normal!!!
"have shum mooooaar shhhlooaaawpy joeeess     i     i knoes how you boys like um sssssshhhlooppaayy!          lady, <propfemale> scarin' us! *laughter ensues*"
"oh, loneliness    i'm sick of you   sad "
"thank turco for that win  another god awful performance  can't win a board battle, can't defend, can't make a first pass out of the zone, terrible penalty killing from everyone but the goalie, and a just a boatload of sloppy, boneheaded plays  same thing as yesterday in <propmale>  i can't believe this garbage "
"doing my daily facebook check in case i ever get a notification    as usual, there are zero of those!!!!"
the broncos are killing right now! go <propmale>!!!
i hate everything
<propfirst> corazzi is the greatest human being i know 
"*deion sanders on nfl gameday final primetime* :     numba nine -- my nigga <propmale> young, high steppin' his way into the ennndd zone  titans win anotha one, baby  and the dougie at de eeennd  dis guy may be a good quataback afta awll mann "
this avalanche @ canucks game is the most entertaining hockey game i've seen so far this season  so beautiful!!!
i hate the saints    and i hate the jets more especially after they lost because they knew i was rooting for them to win today 
iiiiiiiiieeeeeyyuugh    i feel soooo ughllliiiiivvveeeugh (i feel so aliiiiveugh)    for the very first taaawwymmmeugh (for the very first timmeugh)   i can't deny youuuuu    i feel so allliiiive iiiiiggghheeyyuugh 
another day of watching hockey in class    here we go again 
mannn *i*     *ayum*     *numba wunnn*     (two is  notah numbah an three noboday remembahs) said *i*     *ayum*     *numba wunnn* eh ay eh ay eh ay uh ay ay yea
well    time to watch hockey  otherwise known as: my only friend 
just made a new connection with the ohl! hurray! i may end up not being a failure in life after all 
"while filming a chicago mission goalie for his whl scouting video today, i noticed a player on his team with the last name 'nylander', same as a former blackhawk i used to love, <propfirst> nylander  he wore his number too  looked into the crowd    sure enough, <propfirst> nylander, bald head and all, sitting right there  his son was an amazing player!"
the whitest of all the hursts starting at qb for the seahawks on sunday! the beck was hassel'd too much!!
"red lobster: wear what the pro's wear!       *super loud, exaggerated yelling* no! whadoyouown the worrrrld?! how do you owwwnn disorderrrr, disorrrddaaaar "
the clock ticks life away ? it's so unreal 
woo! <propfirst> is now an acha hockey team and i got my first broadcasting job in hockey the same week  omg best week evarrr lolol
veteran's day starts at 9:11 pm! can't wait!!!!!!!!!!
"if you enjoy your freedom, thank a vet  thank you to all those who have served and are currently serving in our military  if you don't post this, a ghost will haunt you at exactly 3 surprise 0am tonight! if you do, the person you like will fall for you tomorrow!! hurry don't miss your <propmale>!!!!!!!"
"oh, i bought one for <propfirst> months ago! it's nestled safely under our tree!     nestled safely under our tree     nestled safely under our tree "
"bears victory mondays     the best mondays  i wake up, spring out of bed, stretch, open the blinds, look out the window and think    we're 6-3  yea, 6-3  that makes me happy   smile "
<propfirst>!!
<propfemale> collinsworth is like red wine    he just gets better with age!
i have decided in the last week or so that <propfemale> smith is a good coach (not great) and i do not want him fired  only <propfirst> 
i dislike everyone and everything!
"? oh, it's such a shame for us to part"
"has now seen every one of <propfirst> semin's 162 goals, all 49 goals of <propmale> <propfirst>'s career, and 98 104 goals (i think) of ales hemsky's career  i can't choose which one is my new favorite player with <propmale> gone   sad "
d  <propfemale> 99 yd  pass from <propfirst> eid (r  gould kick) (1-99)
i hate the jets  so much  i hate them i hate them i hate them 
"i spent so much of yesterday being angry about the jets game that i ended up having a dream where <propfirst> sanchez and <propmale> <propfirst> tried throwing me a party to cheer me up  the party was great, but they are not forgiven  i'm still angry "
i saw another denzel movie tonight  it's just like every denzel movie i've ever seen  my goodnesss 
everything has more cons than pros!
i am thankful for nothing i am better than everyone i am a perfect human being
hope everyone has a terrible thanksgiving!
throwing mom's turkey in the oven now before i sleep  she's gonna be so happy to see it's fully cooked when we wake up eight hours from now!!!!!!!
is everyone's thanksgiving going awful? i hope so!!!! burnt turkeys ftw
"thanks, <propfirst> crawford! so good to see you playing the way i've been hoping to see you play since we drafted you when i was 13  <propfirst>, i'm sorry    but that whole thing about you rejuvenating your career here doesn't look like it's gonna happen  tough break, nigga  there's always fubu!"
"we'll never forget the way you thrilled the naaaaation, with your t-formaaaation!"
numba three    tawm <propmale>    look how    how calm i get when i talk about tawm <propmale>  21 of 27 for for 341 and a season high fo tds    tawm was on fire dis week man  numba two    back to bein' loud  my nigga larod stephens-howling 
"i always forget what i want to remember, and remember what i want to forget "
"huge project for a class  one of the pages of it involved listing a company organization chart with names of the workers within the company you chose for your project  i couldn't find any actual workers, so i threw in some random names of my own  apparently   <propmale> jauron, <propmale> childress, <propmale> phillips, and <propfirst> rudd all work for total hockey!"
r i p  <propmale> <propmale>  i teared up when i heard  i can't believe it   
man i juss gotta thank the lawd real quick
"got my bytch 2 shovel my sno n ish  jk she a wom3nz dey cant shovel sno  bytch aint got no muscle, u no?"
"<propfirst> burmistrov    is everything i hoped he'd be when i made him my number one player on my blackhawks 2010 nhl draft wish-list  good god, what hands  <propfirst> will be receiving a spot on the top 50 favorite players list very soon   omg h3's s0 g00d @ h0ck3y!!!1  love 3"
"i'm sick of being so much better than everyone else!!!!!! ugh!!!! i mean in everything  i'm better looking, i have the most money, i'm dating a celebrity, i'm smarter than everyone else, i'm a doctor and a lawyer, and not only that   but i'm sensitive, deep, and caring too  ugh!!!!!11 why can't i stop being perfect?  sad (("
omg u did ~*n0t*~ just lik3 ur own st4tus    l0s3r!!!!!!!!
dying for jets-patriots to start!
nothing is good 
lol sooo lik my problem is that im an 0ver achi3ver lol n im 2 nice 2 people
"712: omg i love you are so like funny and like outgoing and witty and yea i dunno why we never <propfemale> out but we should start like doing that more!!!\45: you are the scum of the earth, no one has masturbation races with my <propfemale> but me  never do it again or i will kill you "
<propfirst> crosby reaching 50 goals in 50 games?    it could happen! 26 in 30 right now  quick <propfirst> score some hattricks really fast do it now 
beginning to choose to watch la kings games a wee bit more because of <propfemale> androl   
<propfirst> eid       the u 
i hope the patriots did not make it safely   extremely angry face
yes deyroit thank you so much!!!!!!!!!!!!
is having a lot a lot a lot of trouble getting over the hawks game 
still not over the previous game against colorado    hopefully tonight helps me move away from that one  let's go my favorite sports team that i prioritize over almost everything!
"<propfirst> rodgers    you better not come out of no where to play tomorrow and find a way to beat the patriots  if you do, i will probably have to kill myself so that i am no longer alive  because that's what happens when you kill yourself, you don't live anymore "
a smart coach would call this play 
"look, mom-- straight d's!! i passed!!!!!!"
out celebrating straight d's with my mom! we're getting ice cream!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm probably going to die one day
beating my cousin in a best of seven madden 11 series will be the highlight of my christmas  shiis 'bout to get crazy 
everything after christmas is just depressing  it's all downhill from here 
"<propfirst>  get in the lineup faster  score goals now <propfirst> \\but <propfirst>, the game hasn't started yet \\just do it right now, <propfirst>  score right now, before they see you "
new year's resolution: gain fifty pounds of fat and lose my ten or so pounds of muscle  i can do this if i set my mind to it 
oh i'll change  you'll see    just give me till the first day of next year 
new year's resolution: change nothing! i'm a perfect person so there's no need!!!!
thanks green bay!!!!!! hello seahawks!! woo! bear luck strikes again!
<propfirst> <propfemale>'s son looks    eerily similar to <propfirst> <propfemale>  it's like he's the father or something!
i'm better than d-rose at basketball  you heard it here first  i'm a 99 overall point guard on nba 2k11 and they barely let him break 85  he has nothing on me 
omg im 4 g3min1 na0     fml   heart-broken 
have you ever woken up and felt depressed for no reason? it's such a weird thing 
everything is the worst!
"3 smile 0    get here faster, come on!!!"
"dey comin into ah house today bois     dem seahawks, dey aint got nutin on us  so dis wut we gon do       we gon fight    \fight \""    we gon claw   \""claw \""    we want blood    \""blood \"" we gon win! \""win \"" win  win  win  aggghghghghghhh *runs out onto field*"""
watching space jam    i want to be 7 again so bad 
i am a pussy!
omgg lifetime movie net lol  love 33
"i still love you, <propfirst>  for everyone who called, sorry but i'm too depressed to talk "
did i really just read 50 status' claiming cutler is a baby because he didn't play with a torn acl? really?
trying to fall asleep after getting knocked out of the playoffs is the toughest thing   sad 
why does it seem like rihanna begs for sex at some point of every one of her songs?
"for a date with <propfirst> eid, call 1-866-99maury! -- if you are convinced your husband or wife is cheating with one of your siblings, let us know! call 1-800-themauryshow now!"
"happy birthday to my dog, aj  best <propmale> for 5 years!"
in case you texted me (which i'm sure you did not because no one ever does!)     my phone died today  new one will be here by the end of the week   sad 
"oh, winter  you are so beautiful "
"omg i have a skype nowww so like who wants 2 skype meee lolol!! but seriously, i have a skype now "
"new phone just got here  rip iphone  inbox me your phone <propfirst> please, lost all my contacts   sad "
this call better be turned around or i may have to travel to vancouver and hurt somebody 
"really upset about the blackhawks game  really, really upset "
life is 99% disappointment 
"hey, hockey    you're kinda my best friend  love "
<propmale> johansson is great 
wow what a baby <propfirst> woodson is  he should totally be playing through that injury  lik m i rite!!!!!111??
come back football  kiss (     don't leave me for two years   
<propmale>?      <propmale>??      <propmale>!?!      <propmale>!      <propmale>!!!!!! willllssooonnn!!!!!!!!!!!
"the bruins just scored a goal so beautiful, i almost cried "
<propfirst> frolik <propfirst> frolik <propfirst> frolik <propfirst> frolik
we gotta get these motha f***in teams   out   of this motha f***in playoff race!
kieran costello ruined demaryius <propfirst>' achilles tendon  stay away from kieran to avoid the kieran kurse 
my <propfemale> collinsworth impression is debuting during the <propmale> <propmale> show on 670 am the score next week! lol time to act like a complete fool!
the people that sound crazy and against the norm are always the ones that are on to something 
<propfirst> versteeg to the flyers  shocking 
omg!!! the rock is back!!! i haven't watched wrestling in years but now i will watch every week like i'm 9 again!!!! the rock!!! agghh!!! hahahahaha!!! i feel like a child again!
wish i cud shut my pl4b0i mouth  love 333 xoxoxox *~*~*~*
b4by th3res n0 oth3r superst4r    u n0 th4t i'll b3 ur -- papa -- papparazzi  love 3 xoxox *~*~*~*
lost another nfc championship game to the packers    in madden  they make my life hell 
know your role    and shut your mouth!
i haven't been this upset at this team in a long time  i give up on them  even if they make the playoffs  after that two on one at the end where (of course) toews was the only player skating his heart out to get back    i lost it  i completely lost it  i hate everything  god 
nothing good lasts 
"my phone is now cluttered with the rock ringtones, text tones, and wall paper! it's great! obsession scale back up to 10!!!"
yes!!!!! hawks win!!!
made my chicago radio debut today  smile      hopefully it wasn't the last time on air for me! lolol!
watching the bulls game in class tonight!
"watching \the cable guy\""     looking a lot like what my future will be!"""
oh my god 'good burger' is on
"just bought my tickets to see the rock on wrestling  redeeming 9-year-old-charlie, who cried when he couldn't see the rock at the very same building all those years ago  finally, closure "
hawks playing with energy tonight!!! it's beautiful!!
win win win win win win win yes yes yes yes thank you <propfirst>
the rock has legitimately broken my people's heart   kiss (
"the talk for the past few days has been all about toews for mvp  and it's hard to argue against with all he's done, but my mvp is still crawford "
24 hour extension  love 
i love <propfirst> sheen  so much 
i like going months and months into my facebook wall's past  it's like looking back into an old yearbook 
my liam neeson impression is coming along very nicely    it should be ready within the next 6 months 
"if my broadcasting career fails, i'm taking up acting and wrestling  lololol!"
st  <propfirst> stopped himself and moved the puck backward  what the hell  i'm so sick of this crap  how is that a good goal!? how?!? jesus 
going to <propfirst> in half an hour  somebody kill me please 
"since nicklas backstrom went out to injury on march 7th, the youngest player on my top ten list since <propfirst> semin (<propmale> johansson) has 2 goals and 3 assists as part of his 4 game point streak  this is what happens when <propmale> gets playing time  #90 ftw "
i've made a fool of myself in all three of my classes today  feels great  laugh 
watching the blackhawks game in class on the greatest quality i have ever seen from an atdhenet tv feed  om nom nom 
for you i'd bleed myself dry
back on the ice for the first time in months tonight  this should be funny!
it's even better when it's with ice cream  know what i mean? peaches n cream  (    i hate growing up and realizing what songs i listened to when i was 10 really meant )
yes!!!! thank god!!!! huge win!! thank you again <propfirst>! there is your mvp!
"the char says    geez, today was a long day! the char is glad it's over "
