acc37cf8a255ec85784133534eedfa08
finished up our pk christmas just in time to ring in the new year!
i'm really having a hard time getting excited about going to school tomorrow 
"had a \girl's day out\"" with <propfemale> at the children's symphony today """
hot days like this are good for only one thing   the pool 
"today is one of those days i wish i could get back into bed and call a \do over\"" """
looks like we finally found a little violin for <propfemale> 
just finished my summer school class   now i can have a real summer vacation!
is have a difficult time convincing <propfirst> that he will survive without getting a snuggi    those darn informercials!
just got <propfemale>'s new violin!
the high today in rochester is 75   i love minnesota 
all went well at the mayo clinic   tomorrow i will say goodbye to the beautiful weather and return to kansas 
"donated 10\ of hair to locks of love """
i got my first pda today   i am at least 6 years behind the times when it comes to technology    it will probably take me the next 6 years to figure out how to use the darn thing  smile 
<propfemale> just lost her first tooth   i hope she sleeps more soundly than usual so the toothfairy can come without waking her 
done with my first attempt at once a month cooking and freezing meals   i'm going to have another marathon cooking day tomorrow 
<propfemale> asked her brother to cut her hair and he did    we are so greatful to <propfemale> for fixing her hair (and stopping all the tears)!
just found out that my tables and shelves for my new classroom were not ordered (the fault of the company we are ordering from) and can't get them to me for 6 weeks   so either we find a company that can get them to me faster or the first 5 weeks of school will be very interesting!
found tables and shelves to borrow for my classroom until mine arrive    my classroom is saved thanks to the kindness of the first christian church of <propmale>!  i am very fortunate to have my classroom in their church building 
summer break was great   tomorrow it is back to school!
"thanks to lots of hard work by my amazing paras, my classroom is set up and looks great!"
watching dateline examine the controversy regarding autism and immunizations 
just met with the financial planner to discuss retirement    yikes!
hoping the kids will let me sleep in tomorrow   it has been an exhausting week!
our new diswasher is making me crazy   our old one was very quiet   this one makes a noise that sounds like a dog barking   i keep thinking i let the dog outside and forgot to let her back in 
"<propfemale> and i have been taking violin lessons for two months and we can finally play \twinkle twinkle little star\"" """
<propfirst> just caught the biggest spider i've ever seen (except for at the zoo) in our bathroom   yuck!  i hate spiders!!!
i quit!!
<propfemale>'s finger is no longer stuck in a small hole in a maraca!  still can't quite figure how she managed to fit it in the hole in the first place   gotta love little kids!
"last night <propfirst> and i finished his first class project   a diarama of the desert   as we were making the animals out of bendaroos, <propfirst> begged for me to let him stop and go watch tv and proclaimed \this is a bendaroo nightmare!\""  i had to agree with him   they are not nearly as fun as they look on tv """
nothing quite like waking up to the sound of the smoke detector going off at 3:45am   something went wrong with the heater unit and it was blowing smoke into the house   now to see how quickly we can get the repairman here to fix it   
the heating & cooling unit was repaired today   had to replace the motor because it had burned up (causing the smoke that blew into our house the other night)   it was still under warranty thankfully 
i've decided to get a blackberry   i have looked at the curve and the storm but 'm not sure which model i should get   any advice or recommendations?
i find it amusing that <propfemale> starts talking the moment she wakes up and doesn't stop until she goes to sleep!
<propfirst>' 3rd grade program is happening now   i am home with <propfemale>   she spiked a fever about an hour ago   i'm really hoping <propfirst> is doing well and that <propfemale> is not coming down with the flu!
kids were well enough to go to school today   now we are getting ready to go on a hayrack ride and cookout 
i was so foolish to believe that the illness was over!  <propfirst> now has a fever   this is like the illness that never ends    
it's official   chris has the flu 
thank you to all my friends for the birthday wishes!    as a child i thought that trick or treating was how everyone celebrated my birthday   lol   i hope you all had lots of fun this halloween!
packing for a trip to topeka   i am going to a two day training   it should be fun for me   probably not so much fun for <propfirst> being a single dad while i'm gone 
i need to get a cleaning lady!  i have no idea how 2 kids can make such a mess in such a short time 
<propfirst> got his h1n1 injection today   he was not eligible for the nasal mist due to autism   i still find that odd that autism makes you ineligible for the nasal mist 
i am very used to students forgetting my name and calling me mommy   this year has been a real blow to my ego   all of my verbal students have called me grandma   i really thought i had at least another 10 years before anyone called me that   my oldest child is only 9 
"the reality of being a preschool autism teacher often goes beyond what is listed in the job description   they certainly don't mention \may have to fish things out of the toilet\"" """
we just finished our second thanksgiving dinner and it isn't even thanksgiving yet!
<propfirst> just started begging us for supper   we have a refrigerator full of thanksgiving leftovers   what does he want to eat?  peanut butter and jelly   kids are so funny!
"it is finally starting to feel like winter   so, where is the snow?  i want some snow!"
why is it that practically the entire midwest has blizzard conditions and we don't have any snow at all?
the kids have been fighting over who gets to put baby jesus up on the advent calendar   is it wrong for <propfemale> put it up when he delivers presents?
i'm dreaming of a white christmas!!!
hoping this sleet will change over to snow so that the kids can enjoy a snowy (not icy) christmas 
what a beautiful white christmas!  the kids have opened their presents and are begging to go and play in the snow   life is good!!
no school today or tomorrow   what a nice long weekend!
my 5 year old told me she has a boyfriend today   that concerned me a little   so i asked her how she knows that he is her boyfriend and what does she do with her boyfriend   she told me that she knows he is her boyfriend because when she looks at him   he gets scared   i think i'm safe for a little while longer 
"a girard physician (<propmale> wilkins) and his wife <propfirst> are in haiti  they have been running a medical clinic  their clinic was destroyed and they are in great need of supplies  if you are looking for a legitimate organization to donate to, you can help haiti health ministries   i have a link on my wall or you can go to their webpage at www haitihealthministries com"
<propfemale> has stayed home sick for the last 3 days with <propfirst>   she still has a fever so they'll stay home again tomorrow   i'm starting to wonder which will happen first   <propfemale> gets well or <propfirst> goes crazy?
good news   mallory went back to school today!  bad news    chris threw up after an hour at school and was sent home sick!  this is a losing battle 
"its celebrity look alike week!! change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like  if you have more than one, change it every day, until saturday! let's see if we can all still recognize each other! re-post this on your status, and see our celebrity look alikes   i guess i look like <propfemale> zellweger"
ugh   i have the new fb now and i don't like it!!!  how do we get just status updates instead of news feed?
went to <propfemale>'s <propfirst>'s day party at school   class parties are so much more enjoyable when you are there as a parent and not the teacher 
<propfirst> and i both have bronchitis again   this year has been a terrible one for illnesses!
"i never would have imagined myself saying this, but    we just got tickets to go to a monster truck show   <propfirst> loves monster jam and we are going to see them in wichita in two weeks   he will be the happiest kid ever!!"
the countdown to spring break has begun   only 4 more days!!!
excited to watch the purdue duke game tonight   go purdue!!
<propfemale> had her first gymnastics class today   the little kids trying to do cartwheels was just too cute!
celebrated <propfemale>'s 6th birthday with dinner and bowling 
<propfirst> never got a hit in a baseball game until tonight   he hit a single and a double!
just finished my annual appointments at the mayo clinic and everything went very well   now it's time to take the kids outside and enjoy the cooler minnesota weather!
vacation is over and now it is back to reality   unfortunately that reality includes the kansas heat!
<propfemale> lost a tooth today   on our way home from gymnastics she asked if the toothfairy brings anything besides money   i asked what she hopes the toothfairy will bring   she said it would be really cool if the toothfairy brings her a balance beam!
an une playful ected day off of work   priceless!
i'm recovering from eye surgery i had last wednesday and i have learned one frightening lesson   you can have terrible vision and still be legally permitted to drive!
i am having my second eye surgery tomorrow   i hope it's my last one for a very long time!
today is my son <propfirst>' 10th birthday   it just doesn't seem possible   where did the last 10 years go?
<propfirst> suprised me with a birthday dinner with friends   it was a great way to end my 30's!
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes!
it is official   my classroom is moving to a school building!  i currently teach in a church basement   we will pack up next week and will be up and running in the new classroom dec 1 
"it has been 6 long years since i had a classroom in a school building   today my classroom was packed and moved to a school   on monday, the unpacking begins!"
"<propfirst> has informed us that, since he is not supposed to pout or cry before <propfemale> comes, we should not do anything to upset him between now and <propfirst>tmas!"
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
i love snow days as much as (if not more than) my kids do 
