38aa9fe79688d76c94109f9758789eb4
happy jew year everybody!!!
"destruction leads to a very rough road, but it also breeds creation "
all work and no play makes <propmale> drink mass quantities of alcohol 
some people have no sense of humor 
happy turkey day everybody    dont spend all your money tomorrow!!!
"has the strength of a bear, that has the strength of two bears  eat that one tebow"
is glad that tebow's tears didn't spark the great flood following the sec championship pounding 
just killed two stones with one bird 
just took little bro kobe to his first predators game    won it in the overtime shootout    awesome!!!
is thinking about becoming a semi professional bull rider 
just found out that tiger is changing his name    staying in the cat family though   cheetah!!!!
the only difference between <propfemale> clause and tiger woods is that <propfemale> stops at three ho's   i know i'm done with the tiger jokes   
just made the greatest pizza in the history of anything   from scratch
the holiday season is like a sore peter   you can't beat it!!!
go elf yourself 
what a time to be in the middle of a shitstorm    tis the season i suppose 
<propfemale> christmas everybody   best wishes and a very happy holiday season
"my hobbies include going to bars and staring at women until they look at me, at which point i look away, and going to the movie that has one person in the theatre and sitting right next to them "
"thinks the united states, australia, and england should have a threeway deathmatch to see who reigns supreme over the english language "
is heading into nashville tomorrow   where is everybody!!!
is going to murder <propfirst> kiffin in the face 
needs to find himself a woman      or two   hehe
forgot what he was thinking about 
has a day off   hard to believe
"is going to play a show in murfreesboro in one month   if you want to know more   ask!!! and if you don't ask, i'll probably tell you about it anyway!!!!!!!!"
"an eskimo drives through tennessee and his car breaks down   wrecker comes and checks it out and says to the eskimo, looks like you blew a seal   eskimo says well i heard yall fuck sheep"
is recovering from the concussion he suffered last night    sledding accident   awesome
jam session number two complete    we kick some <propmale> ace if i do say so myself
"5  <propmale>  a being of extreme sexual nature  often refered to as a scientific breakthrough because no one can stare at him longer that 2 seconds without craping their pants on a count of his astonishing beauty  \i dare you to stare at <propmale> for 3 seconds\""  \""no problem!\""  \""1    2     god damnit!!!!\"""""
"in life people trip   most people fall   some people turn that trip into a beautiful, beautiful dance"
has to work on his birthday    booo
just got off work   what to do next
another fleeting year passes
just got off work   happy birthday to me   ha
<propmale>'s birthday so kicks <propfirst>'s days ass   
"has been having some crazy, vivid dreams as of late   the good are really good, and the bad are really bad   "
was just thinking that a 10 lb bag of flour could make a really big biscuit 
take your time   read the signs   choose your path   and live your lives!!!!!!!!
trust i seek and i find in you   every day full of something new   open mind for a different view
actually has a day off   and has no idea what to do with it
needs to find some inspiration for some song lyrics
is about to make the most delicious pizza ever conceived by man 
usa   usa   usa
no one could ever miss anything more than i miss        
"if you have ever seen whale wars, i want you to stop what you are doing right now   go to hulu and watch south parks whale whores    go ahead i'll wait"
is in a better mood than he has been in in a long while 
usa all the way today!!!
"if there's a world after 2012, i am gonna be an olympic curler in the 2014 games "
so i need to find a place to live in the next couple of weeks   if there's anybody out there with a room available   ppplease hit me up   i have money   lol
"sheets of empty canvas, untouched sheets of clay   were laid spread out before me as her body once did     "
ran into a homeless guy on the way to the coinstar   awkward
"today's horoscope for <propmale> brimm: you can do absolutely nothing right today, and most everyone you know will find a reason to be pissed off at you     awesome"
what a glorious day!!!!
what can i do    how can i prove    u should know    these words were meant for you 
"if life is a waste of time, and time is a waste of life    then let's get wasted and have the time of our life!!!"
wants something        
never ceases to be amazed by some of the things people do!!!!
the awesomeness of a fart can only be measured by its flammability 
is slowly learning to laugh at life when it shits on him in every way possible 
is still washing green stuff off of himself from st  <propfemale>'s day    totally worth it though!!!
is pretty shocked by the fact that somebody got shot in the apartment across from where he was staying last night    pretty scary shi'ite 
would like to know who he needs to talk to about buying the sun 
first elite 8 ever    rock on <propmale> top!!!
"hope is a wonderful thing to have   but when hope fades, we cannot lose our faith!!!!"
just amother lovely day in the neighborhood 
thinks that this full <propfemale> is tugging on the water in his body making him do some pretty stupid stuff    thanks gravity
"played down every feeling i've felt, and i bottled them up til the well ran over "
wishes this weather would last forever!!!!!!!
not feeling too swell 
greatest day of my life 
today is actually the greatest day of my life!!
"yesterday's gone, and tomorrow's never come, so i guess today is once again the greatest day of my life "
loves being right about everything all the time 
don't steal   the government hates competition 
the <propfirst> on a roulette wheel add up to 666  keep that in mind the next time your in vegas 
"loves being in a wonderful mood on such a beautiful day    and to top it off, no work!!!!"
homemade pizza mixed with sherlock holmes and awesome company makes for a good night 
predators 1    blackhawks 0    nuff said!!!
"little bro kobe went 2 for 2 with a double and a homerun   not bad for his second year, though he did learn from the best    "
hates raining on people's parades    unless they are parades of women      in white t shirts
just saw a bird take down a squirrel    pretty epic
i have two days off in a row and no idea what to do with them    will be posted up downtown thursday morning for $10 predators playoff tickets    who comin with me man?? who's comin with me?
"for whatever reason cannot stand when people say i know right?!    ya know, right?"
"of all the things south park has done and said, they get censored because they were going to say and show muhammad   that a way to not let fear control you        muhammad, muhammad, muhammad, muhammad    where o where are you muhammad!!!!!"
"just made macaroni with 3d glasses on   not as awesome as it sounds    and yes, i am bored to answer your question"
"just found an old cd case    hendrix, incubus, <propmale> matthews, kings of <propfirst>, <propmale> harper, sublime, <propfemale> jam    it's like christmas!!!!"
the funny bone is the sickest joke in the history of the spoken word   that shi'ite hurts!!!
blah   blah   blah
"if your looking for god   don't go on a journey quest in some tropical place while consuming hallucinogens    search within yourself, but be careful    because there are undoubtedly demons in there too    unless your jesus, then your cool"
has lost complete radio contact with the martians 
is so hype that the titans picked up the guy that punched out that boise state player on national tv 
is once again a free man!!!! lookout world   
"whatever tomorrow brings i'll be there, with open arms and open eyes   yyyeeeeaaaaaaa!!!!"
"my choice is what i choose to do, and if i'm causing no harm, it shouldn't bother you; your choice is who you choose to be, and if your causing no harm, then your alright with me!!!"
insomniahhhhhhh!!!!!
"just found 3 four leaf clovers, 1 five leaf clover, and 1 six leaf clover all in the time it took to smoke a cigarette    today may be a good day to buy my first lottery ticket!!!!"
definitely didn't win the lottery 
"don't worry, about a thing    cause every little thing, is gonna be alright!!!!!"
learn to swim 
maybe the mayans were right?!
"part the seas, please!!!"
volunteering thursday and friday on my days off to help the flood victims   i recommend you do the same if your willing and able   thanks!!!!!
gets to tear down drywall in bellevue before he has to go to work tomorrow   how awesome is that!!!
"just got done helping out some people in river plantation   now that the waters gone, there is sooo much work that needs to be done   mountains of furniture, drywall, and carpet that people are pulling out go as far as the eye can see   great to see so many people going around with food, drinks, and first aid and such offering it up to the workers   that's what its all about!!!!!!"
has misplaced his swagger as of late 
bout time to continue my volunteer work in the bellevue area   
really?
stood up by 4 different people in the same night   feels so good to be forgot   perfect end to a shitty day    so glad every day is a new day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy mother's day to all the mother's out there    we would be lost without you!!!! especially you <propfemale> phillips!!!!
is in desperate need of a good time 
saw a miniature horse in full mount on another mini horse today    almost had a wreck from laughing so hard   
finally saw dances with smurfs    not too shabby
"there are so many people that i miss   just because i don't see you or hear from you anymore doesn't mean you aren't in my thoughts   just wanted you guys, and gals of course to know that   and even if i do see you, there's a good <propmale> i miss you too!!!!"
unicorns are real   a leprechaun told me so 
hope for the best   kick the worst in the teeth!!!!!
loves waking up in a good mood!!!
"one <propfemale>, two <propfemale>, three <propfemale>, floor!!!!"
"humble, honor, generosity, loyalty    do these words still exist?"
i'm not the sharpest tool in the shed    but i can still cut ya!!!
let's dance    
boredom is the root of all evil 
"if i eat so many popsicles, will i turn into one?"
is military?
loves the days when he walks around with a kool-aid grin on for no apparent reason 
"when the rhythm, it was playin on my guitar, on my guitar    i had to be there, i had to be there, i had to be there, i had to beeeeeee there      "
"scooby doo, where are you???"
m?i?a?
summertime     and the livin's easy!!!!
"is ever-so greatful for the friends he has and the role they play in his life    anybody feel the same?? come on now, don't be shy   lol"
allergies    i don't like you 
"fresh new haircut   first shower in 4 days[jk]   but i can't lie, i look good today!!!"
how about them lady vols   sweeping the #2 team in the nation to get their spot in the women's college world series   that's what i'm talkin bout!!!
i need a hug     
desperately needs to get a tan    somebody with access to a pool   invite me prease!!!!
"\goodbye cruel world    hello 72 virgins!!!\""    i wonder if terrorists actually believe that??"""
"the thought of you, lying next to me   a dream come true, why can't this be   i know i'm a fool, i just can't see   a bird such as you, simply must be free   i never knew, i was so good at poetry!!!!"
happiness initiate: swagger engage      
"for a fairly intuitive person, i sure have felt like a dumbass a lot lately "
"somehow, someway, someday "
"schedule for the next 2 days: work til 4, clean my truck, get my shi'ite together, work til 2, enlist with the coast guard, go take care of some loose ends, and hope for the best     "
"one month plan    1  take care of business 2 fix my truck  3 resolve current issues  4 find a woman  5 enlist with coast guard  6  enjoy the time i have with friends  7  stop smoking 8 start on that never ending pursuit of happiness 8  spread that elusive happiness with everyone    ready, break!!!"
"zero cigarettes today    hey, it's a start!!!!"
"i don't care how bad my singin is, i'm just gonna keep on singin this    "
brand new day    who-ray!!!
"was leaning towards coast guard, but the nuclear power program with the navy sounds pretty tasty    "
"hey <propfemale>, you think kfc's still open?"
"my eyes have been opened, the sunrise is my prize   a new day has dawned, so full of surprise      "
"for the love of all that is holy, someone please come eat at backyard burger in murfreesboro right now     the boredom is overwhelming, and i'll hook you up!!!"
"\unselfish and <propmale> actions are the most radiant pages in the biography of souls \"" --somebody alot smarter than me     """
those jelly beans i was eating earlier    they weren't jelly beans
brainfart      
"somehow, someway, today is gonna be a great day!!!!!!!"
how many rednecks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop you ask    one woman and her cousband      
ya bla blee blee blu blu bluuuu      
boo studying    it's been awhile    
"of all the friends i've had, you're the first     "
butterflies and zebras      
anytime is a good time to hear from a good friend!!!!!
what was i gonna do       
you got a friend in me       
i've had a qualm about my tact lately    time to shake em off    
be vewy vewy quiet   i'm hunting wabbits!!!
is brimming with confidence 
happy fathers day to all the fathers in heaven and here on earth      
"enough of this mimicry, mime your own damn businazzzzz!!!!!!!!"
<propfemale> is a virtue      that i don't have 
cannot believe some of the things that happen in this world       
):
"wishes\he would remind himself more often of that fact that life is short, and\there's no point in worrying about the petty stuff  he just needs to be\positive and enjoy the time he has no matter who he's with, where he's\at, or what happens!!!! \regrets are better left unspoken \"" -shaun\",38aa9fe7968 laugh 76c94109f9758789eb4,is officially the dumbest person in the world!!!!
is gonna be <propmale> over for about a week after tonight     
"by default, <propmale> brimm loves <propfirst> cetera "
why is it that whenever someone has a smart mouth stupid things usually come out of it?!
"if your not careful, i'm gonna wash that partymouth out with beer   213 is the extension for the pottymouth's and soap    "
"has found his musical groove for the 1st time in a long while, sooooo let's make some magical music!?"
"nah you can't see, tucked away from view   the beauty in me is what i do "
is relieved to have finally had a good time again!!!!!!!
has learned to e playful ect the une playful ected when it comes to life!!!
is facebooked out   
can anything else go wrong today? cause i sure would like to just get all the bad juju out and move on!!!!!
"starin at the sun, deafened by the silence "
i y q    y q r
and the never-ending pursuit of happiness saga continues     
anybody got an easy button i could borrow for a few decades?
needs to be seen 
"you may see it, you may hear it or even talk about it    but it's only when you feel it that you know it's real    "
"i'm a lover, not a fighter, but i would sure as hell fight for love "
has been on cloud 9 all day for no apparent reason and loves it!!!!!!!!!!!
don't hold grudges   i mean you saw the movies and those didn't work out too well 
has to pull a 5-year-old move today but    don't talk to me 
two days off in a row? what shall i do??
"i could read your thoughts, and tell you what you saw   and never say a word  but now all that is gone   over with and done, and never to return   "
pool   bike ride    pool   gym    pool!!!
"we all bite off more than we can chew from time to time   you can either choke, or chew it up and swallow it "
how did <propmale> tear a muscle in his shoulder by walking up some stairs you ask?? because he decided to walk up them on his hands for some retarded reason!!!
"just made the the greatest purchase of his life    that's right, the 1st 3 seasons of it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia!!!"
what are you doing tonight??
"so i go from work behind the grill where it's upwards of 120 degrees, to outside where it's in the 90s   and when i finally make it home it's 85 in the house  i don't like you heat!!!!!"
there are 3 kinds of people in this world   haha
"i miss you, you, and you   you not so much   but definitely you!!!"
somebody needs to <propfemale> out with me dammit!!!
today is the greatest day of my life!!!! sometimes i just have to remind myself   
"anger is only a letter away from danger   stranger danger, stranger danger!!!"
i hold the door for people and say yes ma'am and no sir   pardon me for being a gentleman 
scored a 93 out of 99 on the military entrance test    i knew studying wasn't the way to go!!!
wants to know who is gonna watch the perseid meteor showers august 12-13 with me   i found the perfect spot!!!!
look up tonight and wish upon anywhere from 60-100 shooting stars an hour!!!!!
why did the blonde snort sweet'n'low? because she thought it was diet coke 
time to get my shine on!!
just another day in paradise   
happy 7th birthday kobe!!!
met the single most socially retarded person on the face of this planet today 
i'm still alive 
sharks have a week dedicated to me 
"<propfemale> every moment you have, because life is too short                                "
"just smoked a cigarette hoping to see a shooting <propfemale> to let me know my bubba was alright    and sure enough, the slowest, brightest shooting <propfemale> i've ever seen passed right over my field of view  i love you man "
"the shepherd  must tend his flock, and at times, fight off the wolves "
70-hour work week   i don't like you 
fear the known   leave the unknown alone 
it's tough being a deity sometimes 
is it really always <propfemale> in philadelphia???
so much for my social life    
"football season, sons of anarchy, it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia   what a wonderful time of year!!"
below me   haha
just learned every lick lil <propmale> has ever played on guitar in 2 13 milliseconds 
i remember when i was 10 yrs old and my aunt <propfirst> had me play for her 8 yr old baseball team       domination 
consquences will be revealed with time  and forgiveness should be left to god   we definitely must hold on to our anger and rage   that was a little bit of sarcasm there at the end    
what's on my mind? gettin on my feet   that's what!!!
"life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the number of moments that take our breath away "
"when the going gets tough, the tough get going  i had better get to steppin   "
<propmale> young   now we know what happens when you try to polish a turd 
day numero dos   sucks!! but it's better than day one!!!
"revelations 2:7   to him that overcometh will i give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of god "
i am thankful for all the support and understanding that my family and friends have given me through these difficult times  love you guys more than you know and i'm gonna miss you for the holidays!!!!
we'll see you guys in 28 days  i hope everybody has a <propfemale> christmas and a very happy new year  love ya!!!
my favorite <propfirst> bacon movie would have to be a tie between all of them 
my brother lost his girlfriend in a car accident early in the morning friday morning  she leaves behind a 1 year old child and a loving family  please keep them in your prayers 
