d7bf3d2939edbf2f14cdd8e85fcd2de1
happy new year
scribblenauts is hard game :[
today is slow and boring! oh well  i downloaded fable for pc 
"just finished watching inglorious bastards, best movie i've seen in 2010! haha now i'm gonna watch paranormal activity "
"paranormal activity was alright  it had it's scary moments, but everything in between was like a big bathroom break "
"guys scroll to the bottom of the <propfemale>, and click where it says english (us) then look at the list and choose english (pirate) lol  laugh "
"so i was acting really weird in my backyard, right? well, i guess it's not weird for me to act like that, but my neighbor looked over the fence and gave me the meanest look ever then laughed   surprise   laugh "
check-ch-check-ch-check-ch-check it out!!!
wha-wha-what-what-what's it all about?
check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out!
let's turn this party inside-out!!
soooooooo                     who else feels like setting themselves on fire to get rid of their boredom?
i'm gonna go watch tv 
"has anybody ever thought about something, over and over again, then you search it up, or go to school, only to learn the thing that you thought was developed by a group of scientist 45 years ago, but you thought it all up yourself? cool beans"
"so    i une playful ectedly had to get a haircut today  i made my hair to look, pretty much how it looks in my picture, but shorter sides, longer mohawk!"
i woke up an hour earlier than i was supposed to    i just opened my laptop to check the time 
sick as a monkey that ate a baaaaaaad banana
"oh man, i'm getting a lot of home work recently     hopefully it's won't be like this all year long :["
"gah, pinch harmonics :["
i literally played guitar until my fingers bled  owie i'm going to bed now 
"stupid 4th string broke gah, i hope i get new strings soon "
what should i be for halloween?
"oh my god, the concert was unbeleiveable  i had an awesome night  my ears are still ringing"
"ugh, i wish i bought that shirt at the concert  but i had no money :["
"ugh, i'm so tired of facebook     i really wish i had a phone "
woop woop
gah yahoo! widgets what have you done to me
"going to replace my missing guitar string, and play all day  smile "
go cowboys!
"this is the 3rd time i lost my guitar pic today, but that's ok, because i found it again"
"have you ever been eating something, but then it begins to taste disgusting? so you don't want it anymore? :[ stupid popcorn"
i just can't wait to be <propmale>  smile 
getting a car on sunday   smile  i need my drivers license before i can use it though!! it's a 1999 red dodge neon!
"happy thanksgivivng everybody  i had a fine day, but now i gotta do homework "
snow? in texas? today was awesome   smile 
"wow, that was kind of a scary dream "
lulz is a corruption of lol
bees! beees!! beeeeeeeeeeesssss!!!!
why do you wear that stupid man suit?
i miss <propfemale>!
today was rad  c) smile 
"i don't wanna go to bed, but i don't wanna stay up all night either     annoyed \"
"they told him don't you ever come around here don't wanna see your face, you better disappear the fire's in their eyes and their words are really clear so beat it! just beat it!"
3 more days untill christmas!
1) treat every day like christmas  2) there's room for everyone on the nice list  3) the best way to spend christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear  - code of the elves  smile 
doctor! you have to help me diffuse this atom bomb!
tooooooters!!!
tomorow is christmas <propfemale>!
oh sweet! found a dollar in a pair of jeans of mine! it got washed up apparently though  laugh 
"i just missed everything today  my friends tried to message me, but i was gone   sad "
"ah man, now i'm getting angry i missed everyhting!"
12 more hours untill christmas!
"dang, that is a sweet earth "
"some socks, a sweet pair of shoes, $40 dollar gift card, a nintendo dsi and $20!! best christmas all year!, lol"
also : the orange box (xbox 360) and bioshock (360)
"so i vomited today early in the morning  i was supposed to go to wal*mart to spend $70 on whatever i wanted but not i'm bed ridden for the rest of the day  hope everybody had a <propfemale> christmas, i know i did   smile "
animal crossing! ds  smile 
i think i've been playing on my new dsi too much o o i haven't been on facebook lately!
"good morning! man, waking up at 9 surprise 0 is late for me  i had this weird dream about walking to school with my brother and his girlfriend  o o"
how do i make a backwards d?
last facebook post of the year!
just got the new facebook <propfemale> setup  annoyed \
so i got a job interview today after school! pretty stoked  smile 
would yall have any questions for me if i got a formspring?
"i am now officially a server! i just got home after my last day of training  i earned a 5$ tip too! (all the other tips go to ym trainer, but he said i earned it) alright!"
"i really hate groups that require you to join if you wanna see the picture the whole <propfemale> is about  how can you decide if your a fan or not, if you've never seen the picture?"
i hope i get to go to the <propfemale> of texas fair and rodeo this year  going with firends would be awesome
"is anybody free tomorrow around noon-ish? my aunt is taking me to the rodeo with my cousins, and we can meet up there, if you can get your own ride     smile "
don't work untill sunday! cool beans  smile 
pancakes :v
i just got me a phone  smile  it's a samsung messager ii  can i have yo numbah?
7017821 hit me up sometime  smile 
"what do you get when you gobble down treats, eating as much as an elephant eats?"
do the stanky leg????
my new phone is alsoa decnet flash light  surprise 
crunchy peanut butter  smile 
for some reason being able to get on facebook from my phone makes it lot more interesting    that e playful lains all my other pointless updates
my phone would look really cool if iti was black and red intead of black and purple    
i shouldn't turn my phone off over night  annoyed 
i'm on facebook in school  laugh 
"just on my way home  annoyed  i work from 5 to10 on school nights, but i have to cleanup afterwards    sorry if i ignore text at work  annoyed "
somebody's poisened the watering hole!!
"well it looks like you have a choice, mr  powers, save the world, or save your girlfriend!"
eye for an eye makes the whole world blind  smile 
what has my history class done to me?! i'm doing homework this late? :[
"i wish i could say i was happy for you, but that wouldn't be true     annoyed \\and the world keeps on turning  be patient ,<propmale> "
"so i got my new phone  you can text me again, if you want  my number is (512) 701-7821 tell me whats up   smile "
my gosh  why? how? ugh  this is pretty frustrating  i don't get it  whatever  and the world keeps on turning 
"my list of things to do this summer;\1 "
today is xaviers' day off 
today is not xaviers' day off 
"so, it feels like some kind of alternate dimension, when i look that way  it's kinda wierd, for me, i admit, but i'm cool with it   smile  life is good "
"i'm so happy, i wanted to post something on facebook, but if i put something too mysterious people would think i'm weird "
what?
what am i doing?  surprise  posting on facebook  smile 
"mup dup deep dope   \who knows what happens next     annoyed \"
"i just bought my first cd ever yesterday \eminem - curtain call: the hits"
how do you just forget?
eminem - sing for the moment
this is getting ridiculous  how does everything remind me of it? what am i supposed to do to forget? i guess complaining of facebook doesn't help much   
"i want to talk to her again, but that's just back tracking  complaining on facebook doesn't help either, though "
"it's still, kinda surreal, actually  anyways, everyday is getting better for me "
maaan  not really in the mood for work 
super  sad 
"so it was a trap to catch the crazies, haha "
what a wierd dream  for rizzle
"even if this is what's supposed to happen, i don't like it  why?"
"my xbox live account name is xavibeans93 \ i just bought myself 3 months, so add me if you want and we can fight or something "
i didn't know you could log on to facebook from xbox live 
what is this? i don't even   
"so, i guess it's not selfish to worried about your own hppiness  that's just looking out for yourself, right? but still    i e playful ected more out of her   annoyed \ \i thought she was     special "
"now i know why people do crazy things  i've seen the beautiful, and the ugly faces of love "
you're not supposed to forget; you're supposed to wait until it goes away 
"uhh   apparently i'm a \hopeless romantic\""?"""
"i never thougt i'd think this, but i need school to hurry up and get here   annoyed \"
"why am i still upset about all this? it does me no good, and i know it, but      "
i don't want her back  i don't want her gone  who knows what i want  being indecisive like this got me into this situation to begin with 
"okay, so how do i do this? how can i get started before school is in?"
"oddly, something makes me think about how much i hate this generations fashion "
"yay  now i get to be messed up as everybody else! welcome to the real life, <propmale>  you are an adult  no more happy-doodle teenager years!  wink \\maaaaaan i don't wanna grow up  :["
"so i've been sleeping all day, because i have nothing to do  i'm awake, and now i still have nothing to do "
woah  that was a dream? how vivid 
ugh i'm so sick of it! i need to put an end to this  annoyed \
"i got my new netbook today! it's pretty cool  runs just as good, if not better, than my other laptop, and it's a lot smaller, and more comfortable to play with  awesome!"
what's up?
"next wednesday is going to be my last day at ihop  i'm kinda excited to be leaving, i think i've gotten tired of that place and it's pancakes "
good night
"ha, i m so weird   smile "
woah
surprise! we now have a dog 
me likey pancakes     me likey pancakes!
i've been having great times   smile 
"i thought going back to school would be rad  i went earlier, but being inside that building again gave me this feelings like, \ugh; this place again \"" there are lots of   memories there """
drops of jupiter
meh 
run and tell that homeboy
little philosophizers
derp derp
\native american indians \,d7bf3d2939edbf2f14cdd8e85fcd2de1,why be so worried about what could have been?
i don't think anything is gonna happen before school  it's so close now 
why is it getting all funky again?
http annoyed  www slightlywarped com crapfactory curiosities 2010 images newspa22 jpg
"i just listened to this song, but it had pretty depressing lyrics, so i wanted to change it, but it was a really good song, so i wanted to keep listening at the same time  does that ever happen to anybody else?"
does anybody still have a tamogatchi pet? a live one? hah 
i just finished watching the outsiders  it's a movie worth watching over again 
"i just watched this movie called equilibrium  has anybody here ever seen it? it's cool  well, i'm going to bed now, so good night "
"maybe you just wanted to be happy so bad you didn't really care with who\ it was  i don't know, maybe he's fantastic, and he probably is, but why\ do you shun me the way you do? why does everybody?"
"i had a cool night with <propfemale> <propmale>, and she lent me some books  cool cool\i'm really tired now, so good night "
i just finished watching 500 days of summer  i really really liked it  i really did 
"i just want to know, you know?"
sometimes i make grammar mistakes on purpose in texts so i can fit the whole message into the 160 character limit  i feel silly making mistakes on purpose 
hmm  i really like the song dammit by blink 182   smile 
all packed up and ready to go  i'm gonna miss y'all for the next week  remember to vote for me and <propfirst> on homecoming court  while i'm gone!  smile 
\i have no-nothing to offer you and i know that  i understand  but i'm \,d7bf3d2939edbf2f14cdd8e85fcd2de1,"we are about to leave! so uh, good bye everybody! i'll be back next weekend!"
"wowie! just got to my hotel room in galveston  tomorrow we board the sip, and it's bye bye everybody!"
i wonder what the stars will look like out in the gulf of mexico   smile 
i'm paying for internet on the ship!! things have been great so far   smile  just miss my friends  bye bye now
"i'm back home! feel like i might have missed something important, oddly  o o i missed you guys!"
 smile 
"today was looong! been out of the house all day and it was radical   smile  had lots of fun with <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> <propfirst> barfield, <propfemale> tootle, <propfemale> szabo, and errbudy that was in tha party  smile  what a great night  probably the best saturday ever "
10 10 10 get!
i can't wait to graduate already  i'm so tired of high school  there are only about 145 days left 
"so my phone is falling part  everything works fine but the screen half falls off  i'm gonna buy a cool new phone, and it's gonna be great (but e playful ensive)"
okay so my phone is completely busted now  it stopped turning on  sorry if you wanted to text or anything  i'll be without a phone for hopefully a shirt while  if you want to tell me anything you could always just send me a message on facebook  smile 
just got my new phone   smile  it's cooler than e playful ected!
dude!
really good weather outside today   smile  if i had a <propfemale> i'd fly it!
killing is badong
i got a call back from <propmale>'s in the outlet malls! they asked me if i'd be available for an interview soon  excited!
carving a pumpkin with <propfemale>!
day before halloween! i think i'll have some smash bros for breakfast 
"there ain't no rest for the wicked! money don't grow on trees  i got bills to pay, i got mouths to feed, and ain't nothin in this world for free  i can't slow down and i can't hold back though you know i wish i could  oh no there ain't no rest for the wicked, till we close our eyes for good "
such strange dreams  too bad i'm not going to remember them 
something
"oddly, i'd really like some good macaronie and cheese right now  too bad i have d lunch "
this is the way things should be  smile 
this is the way things should be  smile  it's all good !
"i need a job! been asking around school, but if you know of an opening, please let me know   smile "
jordans the best bfff ever!!!  smile 
found a <propfemale> heads up in the hallway
"<propfemale> botts beans with tooters  yuck, gravy jelly beans  sad "
well now! i got me a job again  i'm back with ihop   smile 
i hate difficult tables! got 2 today so far  they want this and that and this and that was wrong  some people are simply quite picky 
"ever look back on something in your past, and you're like, \hmm    i can't beleive it used to be like that \""?\",d7bf3d2939edbf2f14cdd8e85fcd2de1,there is this guy at ihop that looks exactly like <propmale> hoffman hahaha
<propmale>  love  <propfemale> <propmale>
"has there ever been something you wanted to bring up, but then you know how people are gonna react, and it'll lead you nowhere good, so you decide not to bring it up? yeah  annoyed  i want to post something serious on facebook sometimes, but i don't because of that feeling "
all this christmas music everywhere is reminding me a lot of my uncle  i miss him 
i've <propfemale> feeling pretty creative all morning
"hmmm, what to do on my day off    "
"i want to carve stones into jewelery  i wanted to do something with sculpture or carving,and i always liked working on really small things  i think that'd be really interesting "
what's your hurry? everyone will have their day to die 
the past two days i've gotten home from work at 6 am  the past two days i've made $88 and $112  worth it? meh   annoyed 
"off period, 1st period  school doesn't start for <propmale> until 10 smile 5   smile "
"so apparently while i was at work today everybody found out about ophiucus and the new astrology charts  i guess it was on the news or something? yeah, those charts have been inaccurate since the ad <propfemale> began "
i built you a home in my heart from rotten wood that decayed from the start
"i want you guys to read my newly posted note  i wanted to post it as a wall update but they told me it was too long  i typed it for you, so you should check it out for me "
"a question to you; i'm sure something last forever, so to you, what's something that you think would last forever?"
"wow, we all have so much opportunity in our lives; i mean, why waste time with a frown on your face? if you want something different about you life, i challenge you this: go out and take the first step tomorrow "
i got offered a new position as a keyholder at work   i'm excited 
"last night at work some drunk lady asked me for \a rooty tooty fresh and fruity with a side of <propmale> and a to-go box to take you home with me \"""""
<propfirst>
"please put this as your status for at least one hour because you or someone you know has an invisible illness  (chronic fatigue syndrome, fragile x syndrome, autism, epilepsy, ms, diabetes, crohn's, kidney disease, bi-polar, fibromyalgia, copd, lupus,auto-immune disorders, asthma)  do it for all who have an invisible illness  it's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look \normal\"" on the outside?"""
ooh just went through my first overnight shift  taking tables from 6 to 6! still here at work though waiting for my ride home 
i'm waiting for something beautiful 
i can see the sky begining to glow and stars are fading  my sun is about to rise and i'll be free   smile 
who is that grown man in the mirror? every time i see him i hope he's happy 
today and tomorrow off! yah!
collapsed lung 
timeeeee
"it's like a     well, it's     it's actually kind of like nothing else   smile "
"the dj at prom nly played two slow dance songs and they were both country  he called it \snow music\"" """
sure the clothing was formal but not much else was haha  still had a grwat time with friends   smile 
"really hurting after moving around so much at prom  the pain will pass, the memories will stay  smile "
