570c16931bec66f5b9177820f8e8e505
"fuck off  straight to the top, beezies, die tryin' to get like me!"
fuck men!
so tired  wish i had someone to curl up next to tonight   sad 
"on the vic, chillin like a villian"
"i'm spooked out  do not watch \paranormal activity\""! it is evil """
"i'm jus gonna pretend that 12 smile 0 is 12 surprise 0  cuz that's when i will be settled in the house home from work  who says i can't? ya'll who know me know i write my own damn novel anyhow  can't wait to break the wishbone with u, sexxi pants!"
"2011-\year of the big dreams and stitchin' up all the loose seams, knockin' out the phonies and the fiends, making all those thoughts come out of da head and into the gleam "
"everybody! it started snowing at midnight! how lucky r we! i'ts a beautiful winterland, will be posting pics and maybe even video \yiiiiiiiiiiii!"
"mmmmmmm my neck, my back   "
time to break on thru to the other side    
wow i am so happy for you! it all sounds great  congrats aruna
lol i dont get facebook
i am losing my mind really 
wow i think my relationship is really over this time  i do not know how to be just me  i am scared shitless 
domestication of the beast   
get like me
uh i love doing what i damn please going where i like no one can tell me shit! its like some combination of the turning 16 18 & 21 all at the same time except im an old lady haha  just wish a certain someone would cut the games out!
ugh need a new piercing or ink on da skin  addictions addictions   
oh boy double baby daddy drama
im getting married!!!!!!!!!!! woooo!!!!!!!!!!!
"i assembled a treadmill all by my self yesterday! only took about 6 hrs, a gallon of sweat, and a thousand curse words! i cant fuckin believe i did a total boy job all by myself  yes, i am a sexist "
almost 48hrs off my pills and have not killed anyone   yet   
making the kids lunch and filling out paperwork  ewww
working on getting a lil jobby
what kind of bitch are you? -- my result: trashy bitch  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 234027 referrals status?aid=1842845643
dead catfish in a bucket  sick!
"that's cuz most people r haters  haters, we collect them like stamps  biiiitch always take that shit as flattery  people cant be honest with themselves so don't e playful ect them to be honest with you! that's why i have few friends but i prefer to keep it that way  less drama  u gotta screen out all the others "
"hurry and come fall, i'm ready for a change of season "
"omg i am so frickin bored  ya i am happy i do not have to work but at the same time, o feel so non-productive and like i need to be doing something useful"
you cunt stay off my <propfemale>! get a fuckin life!
where my booty be!  yaaaaaayerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
"i\ love my life! i love that my future is open, i love my new husband and \my babies, and i love that i can have anything i frickin want  all i \gotta do is want it bad enough  everything i wanted, i have so far  the \things i still want, im getting soon   smile "
its my bday bitchessssss! was up!
bout to get drunk when the kids go to bed  yiiiiiiiiiiiii!
"ewww i've already barfed once last night and three times this am! well i like to think positive, so way to kick start my diet! hahahaha"
very excited for next weekend  my lova is taking me to the reptile fair in sac  gonna b fascinating  and he is getting me my starter breeding pair of leopard geckos! i simply adore those little creatures  gonna start breeding them 
mmm pre-dinner snack is ice cream  no wonder i need to start a diet monday  the weather is gorgeous today  rain cleaned air  feels crisp and like autumn
thinking bout my birthday wishes  they will come true  next year  cant wait 
busy week  much to do
"so im selling something on craigslist  this lady comes over in scrubs and i could just tell she was judging either me or my house or the both  after she leaves, i take a scan across my living room  lol, filled with taprestries of pot leaf and <propmale> marley and my two lovely little children and me in my jammies  gotta luv it!!!!!!"
debating whether it's time for a dramatic hair makeover or if i should just leave it be
ok ok i have said it enough but now it's really time  diet time  get ready for cranky hungry ashzilla! ugh i am feeling disgusting time to detox
i gotta poop!
any girls want to discuss a nasty male habit? or males  whatever  im grossed out right now
waiting for daddy to put kids down so we can have our time   wink 
"god, my son has been bustin' off the stankest gas the last few days! choking over here!"
"one of my fav fav songs! i can't hear it enough  i can so relate and i \also love the vibe  i could totally rock this hard at the club!\\love addiction, enough is never enough!\\\just can't kick the habit\""\",570c16931bec66f5b9177820f8e8e505,"anxiety attack approaching, i feel it a coming on!!!! arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr"
i am a brat face and felt off this am  i was mean to my husband and he comes home with roses and donuts! i love this guy  he is out now going to get our big screen t v  and then come home and make me lunch  yiiiiiiii!
"if\ you and i wake up in jail together     using only four words, what \would you say to me? (and if you make a comment, you gotta copy paste \this into your status     fair is fair!)"
"reasons why haden can't clean up his mess annoyed \1 tired!\2 i don't want to!\3 i don't like you!\4 i don't love you!\5 i can't!\6 too hard!\all followed by him smacking his own head and telling me to chill out!"
the kids r pushing it big time today  i need a frickin vacation 
"i'm going to the reptile fair this am! so stoked u don't even know! i'm supposed to come home with a leopard gecko or two so if i do, i will post pics of my cold blooded little lovies! kids are coming with us, gonna be really fun  they r gonna have lectures and shows and vendors selling diff types of reptiles!"
"wooooooooooooooooo\i love <propfirst> carnevale!!!!!!!!!!!!! the best husband, <propfemale> <propfemale>  b jealous biotches hahahaha *evil laugh*"
"few things i hate more than a jealous, spiteful woman"
sometimes beautiful children come from ugly bitches!
can it be 2011 yet!
dun dun! i found the leak! i found the leak!
"oh god  not football \isn't that better things to watch!"
"<propfemale> and i made a \beaver dog\"" anthem and it goes something like this;\",570c16931bec66f5b9177820f8e8e505," love \look i made a heart!"
"hey u beezies, i gotta go clean the kitchen from dinner, be back in awhile  love "
gotta put the kids down  this always takes forever  the more anxious i am to have them fall asleep the more restless they become  i want my me time!
i talked so much and laughed so hard with my girls <propfemale> and <propfemale> i gave myself a <propmale> headache  my voice resonated in my head and shook  my brains to the point that i have  pounding head painn  ughhhhh
"another day, but not another dolla   sad  lol"
"shake yo tail feathers, biotchhhhhh!"
"so frustrated! going to my friend's wedding tommorow and i have one of those huge bump pimples that has no head, so i can't even pop it  i'm so upset!!! i never breakout anymore, and right before a big event i get one? r u serious?"
driving to s c  this drive is always so long!
"oh ya guys, just for ur info, have not paid phone <propmale> yet and it has been shut off a few days, so i u have texted and heard nothing back, this is the reason! love ya!"
trying to research wedding venues online for next year's big day!
"lindsaylohan, 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propfirst> weikert 29, justus bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26, <propfirst> <propmale> 21, <propmale> fisher 24, <propfirst> <propmale> 23, <propfirst> goeke 23,       and <propmale> tate 27, are all marines    that gave their lives this week, no media mention  honor them by reposting"
i am officially mrs  carnevale  got my s s card and my driver's license is on the way!
"job interview today! keep ur fingers crossed  pretty sure i got it, but then again, u never know "
"everybody, i am officially the <propfemale> of drama! whoooo! \fun fact of the day: i met my husband on myspace!"
"you would think that if u were used to drinking large amounts of booze every day and u stop then u would lose weight  but noooo, i guess i eat more sober than i did drunk  wtf!"
watching cops  the crossdresser prostitutes are a riot!
"happy saturday! even tho saturday is like every other day of the week for me now  only downfall is, tomorrow is football  all day  lame! <propfirst> said i could go do something tomorrow but all u biotches live to far, so i guess im doomed to football   sad "
finally stopped procrastinating and did my 4 <propmale>! wooo! i'm sweaty like a fat man 
"put kids down  time for me! shower, shave, deep hair conditioner, and face mask!!!!!!\yay! about damn time "
i'm flaming angry  my stepson just took a shit outside in the yard and my daughter was playing in it  then i yell at haden to get off the car and he tells me he is going to kill me! i was in the middle of eating my soup too  <propfemale> pissed right now  i'm going out for a drive when my husband gets home 
big homemade sunday breakfast with the family  happy sunday  smile 
"i'm not quitting  i did my run today, 4 3 <propmale>  one day at a time "
"i hope my bathroom scale is right  if it is, i lost a pound in 2 days "
"haden\ got his first fade today  i feel like a grown-up, i spent some of my \bday $ i have had tucked away on my kid's haircut instead of myself  \*sigh*"
"smoked prime rib, corn, salad, <propfemale>& <propfemale> oil potatoes and cinnamon buns for dessert  we def know how to get our grub on at this house!"
"trying to figure out how to set a mouse trap i accidently set off  this sux, i slammed it on my thumb!"
"wake it and shake it, baby! yiiiii!"
was going to kiss the baby and ended up with a mouthful of snot!
"to the treadmill it is  boring, cuz the kids r asleep i can't hear the t v , and it def does not work trying to hold a magazine and run  so i guess i will be staring at the wall for the next hr  damn it!"
i like it on the kitchen table
"8 hrs of driving  glad to be home  no boys for a week, yay! a little peace and quiet and time to prepare for the following week!"
"first day of just mama, daddy and baby  what to do? so many options!"
"loves it how when i smooch <propfemale>, she wipes her mouth with the back of her hand like i gave her goobies when i'm the one with the slobber on my face"
pee test coming up for a new job   hmmmm    
stubbed pinky toe and split toenail down the middle  sucky
"forecasts;\good times ahead!"
brass monkey!
"watching a history channel special called \hippies\""  great info on lsd lol  simply fascinating """
night  gotta go take my piss test in the am  ugh 
"damn, my family can drink a gallon of milk a day, no problem, and the funny thing is, the boys are not even home! i think we need to just get our own cow at this point "
i'm pissed  i have been bustin' my ass and my weight hasn't budged  kinda just makes me wanna say fuck it and binge 
feel funky today  like someone hit the master power-down switch 
"fell asleep with t v  on and i guess a t v  preacher came on  i had a whole long dream about being at bible study  which is hilarious, because if u know me, i'm anti-church and christianity  hilarious "
maybe going back to college in the near future?? hmmmm     
"have not drank in like 2 weeks, and daymn, it's due time! got the bacardi apple and cranberry splash and here we go!"
owwww pain!
"dance party over here! i tear da club up, errrrr   da living room floor! haahaa"
taking care of business!
"much accomplished today  husband and i have our first joint bank account   love \it def is one of those little things that makes being newly married feel real "
ewww feel like barfing
off to the sc to get the boys!
"uhh, dropped home phone in a sink full of dish water  so i guess leave a vm and i will call u back!"
nice long walk to clear the mind and freshen the soul
www  astro com it does a basic personal astrological chart if you put in your info  way cool 
"oh, it's gonna be a long, long day "
"i got the job, going in on monday for the paperwork   "
i gotta   poo! good morning world!
"the boys are back, it's all 5 of us again  here we go!"
"lol-- \red: no, no  this is for his own good  look, in order for <propfirst> to be a happy, well adjusted adult, he has to be miserable now  that’s just good parenting  if i was to be mr  nice guy now, do you know what would happen to <propfirst> in a few years? do you?\\",570c16931bec66f5b9177820f8e8e505,"haden sings the song by drake, \find your love\""? i better \",570c16931bec66f5b9177820f8e8e505,lots of behavioral issues going on over here  it's one 0f those days   
here goes football day again  i'm gonna have <propfirst> set thr xbox up in the bedroom so i can play fable ll so i'm not bored out of my mind!
"let's\ see how forthcoming my facebook friends are   and if they are paying \attention     leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me \using the third letter of your first name  no repeats, it can only be 1 \word  then copy and paste this on your wall so i can leave a \comment        this should be interesting  be nice!!  smile "
teen mom finale tonight??
i'm turning into a nerd  i think about my video game when i'm not playing it  i think about what missions i will do when i do get to play it  i think about running to the xbox and beating my husband to it before he plays his game!
"when 1  member of a family is grumpy, the whole family is  i am not in a good mood this am "
going to work  don't know when i'm off 
"i got this new job under control  i think it's gonna be just what i've been needing, on many levels  it's def gonna be different though, i've been with my family all day all night for the longest time  i missed the kids today "
a fucking stalemate  lovely 
ugh insomnia
"anxiety, anxiety  does it ever end!"
it's been pouring rain all night and now all morning! are we gonna flood? how can that much rain come out of the sky?
everything must come to an end! such is life  now get over it and move on 
lame  they want a reconnect fee to turn my cell back on  im pissed 
kids are e playful ensive!!!!! especially 3!
yay! we just pre-ordered fable 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i miss my family when i'm at work  have not adjusted to being gone all day yet 
night guys 
we in the $$$ baby!
omg omg frickin' danzig is coming to chico! i'm about to pee my pants! soooo gonna try to go!
nice weekend  monday all over again soon  here we go 
already trying to come up with good xmas presents  the kids are a breeze  it's the big people i gotta really think for   
leave me alone! i just want to frickin' do my run! pisssed off!
love hangover  i'm completely exhausted  does that count as my workout for today??
ugh headache  want to go back to bed  tgif everybody!
"thunder, hail, and a warm home and my crazy lovable family!"
"wow  i'ts 36 degrees right now, so i imagine last night was way colder  our windows are not insulated and our heater is not working properly  it was <propfemale> cold, hope tonight sleep goes better!"
the weekend is here! yay!
"we were brave enough to attempt to try a movie at the theatre  megamind 3d  well the kids were actually well-behaved and quiet, but the 3d glasses were one size fits all, meaning adult sized  at a kids' movie  lame! but an overall success"
5 5 <propmale>  yay!
how is it possible to run 5 <propmale> a day and not lose weight! i am sooo angry
is on the train
shaking my ass off in the living room with the music blasting all by myself  fucking awesome 
happy fatass day everybody  what the fuck r u stuffing ur face for? to honor the pilgrims or some bullshit? enjoy everybody!
"we got the xbox, kinect, it's a trip \i'm eating a cheeseburger, turkey is ewww!"
"it's a chilly 49 degrees and my husband can't stand the smell of nail polish so i'm not even allowed to paint in bathroom  sooo i gotta put on jacket and paint outside!\arrrrrr"
"chinese night at home: spring rolls, beef and broccoli, chow mein, anddddd\<propfemale> and nogg! \yay!"
just got <propfirst>' <propfirst>tmas present  i'm so excited i'm so excited! and it's not even for me!!!!!!
"champagne,a homemade italian dinner, and a tree that just went up  now, to just try and curb the inner scrooge from blowin' it all to hell      smile   sad "
"over and out!\flying sedated, catch ya later"
"things our going well on vacation, i guess i can't complain! loving the man, chillin with the fam, kids r having fun  \oh ya, i found something to gripe about-i might comeback 5 lbs heavier lol"
"hey guys, i'm working and shyt now so i'm never on here like i used to be  not like u noticed! lol  anywho, u know how to holla"
"my head just swirls all day with to do lists, things to get done get done, what haven't i done i need to do? will i have time, how can i organize better, ever catch up, i need a retirement savings, my kids need college funds, well there ever be enough money to stop worrying? to do lists to do lists, schedules, filling in and editing, getting hard to sleep now    "
"my life rocks! and i have the greatest family ever   smile  i just said it, so now u can call me out when i'm being a whiny brat "
it's my t g i f  today!
"over christmas already  my positivity came like the clouds parting to let my shine thru, but then have quickly returned to their dark state of existence \*muaaahhhahaha*"
long day  back to work tommorow 
"slept thru my frickin' work meeting, awesome  <propfemale> irritated with myself "
"ugh, going to work  dreaming of alternatives   "
i am the ultimate bratface! and i love it!
going to go see little fockers today before work  can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i ordered one of <propfirst>' xmas presents and it was guaranteed to be here by tomorrow  but the p o box will be closed tommorow, and won't open again until monday  oooh im mad "
"when u start to hear the same thing from different people, it's plausible it could be true  (that is, if u don't surround yourself with idiots, lol)"
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> day! woo0
yay fun  combative clients on christmas <propfemale>  gotta just throw ur head back and  laugh sometimes!
"when i get off work, i'm poppin' dat bubbly  <propfemale> christmas!"
"got all i wanted! yay! everything zen \ love  my fam"
hush hush!
"my lip piercing is starting to heal  yay!\so i was thinking about how there r 2 types of facebookers  the ones who only update everybody for important things, and then the rest of us who seem to know not what to say so we say the first thing that pops into ur head  like a primal thought  here everybody, this is how simple my minds works   "
reno tommorow? hmmmm
"scratch reno, we will do that in the new year  off to fresno to see my fav girl!"
see ya soon!
had a bomb diggity time with my homie and the grams! yay!
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile 
"it's a freezing 30 degrees at the moment, and this little place is not insulated! \i only slept 5 hrs cuz someone had to wake up and go fishing, so not the happiest camper over here"
"maybe i'm spoiled and or lazy, but i hate that i can't just hit a frickin' switch and the t v  and sound work automatically  i have to like feel behind the stereo receiver and switch the input, sooo lame-o! need one of those switcher boxes, anyone know what they r called?"
