5487eebc88ce3db27cb513f914f609ef
i graduate this year!
"what's that homework? you want to spend the entire weekend with me? well gee, that's just great "
"now that i've spent the day procrastinating it's time to start homework  chemistry, here i come!"
"just learned, took notes on and did the homework for one chemistry chapter and is now done!"
movie night at isym and the music hall has wi-fi  woo 
is now the proud owner of a digeridoo 
is coming home today 
"got his ass musically handed to him, leaned to play the didjeridu, made a didjeridu, saw a child prodigy play piano, cut a skittle in half with a pillow, learned more about the euphonium, made some friends, performed in the foellinger great hall, and over"
if life's a bitch then where the hell is my sandwich?
is the most inept person on the planet 
is    mc baha men!!!
"\we're heading for tomorrow but we don't know where to go \"""""
had a very    interesting night 
we're not happy 'til you're not happy 
snake? snake! snaaaake!
is in michigan  feel free to visit  txt for directions 
is singing karaoke in a bar 
"spent the past week getting dragged up and down the beach by a 7 5 meter kite  he is now sore, tired, and sunburnt  it was awesome "
"work at 7 smile 0 tomorrow  on the bright side, i get to wake everyone else up with me "
takin a ride in the thundermobile 
is using muscles he never knew he had 
is enjoying youth 
work today then i'm off for four days 
"outdoor job + rain =  sad  in other news, i  love  nailguns "
"works for the weekend, not on it "
got a letter from the south <propfemale> mine school today  1  i am convined that that is where you go to school to become a coal miner 2  thought it said mime school at first and seriously considered a new career path 
is having a mid-summer crisis 
is working  feel free to come by and visit 
is sitting on the roof i just helped build  my job is starting to grow on me 
"once again, outside job + rain = teh suck "
enjoys thunder 
dragonheart= best movie ever made
"is really starting to get tired of this whole \shaving\"" thing """
fuck rheem! schwartz hustles chess outdoors!
is listening to some apple stealing jazz 
waiting for åppelnyckerjazz 
three days until åppelknyckerjazz! and band camp 
"what is so \ international\"" about the ihop?"""
"spent his last day of freedom in his basement, on his couch, eating slim jims and drinking milkshakes  i'm gonna miss summer "
"time to wake up early, get yelled at and sweat for the next week  yep, it's time for band camp  still easier than work though "
"got called a dirty hippie today, can't really argue with that "
three!
 love s slim jims 
is done with band camp! onward to vacation!
"vacation, camping and trying to open that dollar coconut he bought  fun times up ahead "
nerdfest '09!
is home and either bored or at band 
should really start his summer reading 
just figured out how to rip songs off his old ipod  woot!
"school tomorrow  sure, why not?"
round two  fight!
where's the nearest vat of nuclear waste? i feel like becoming a super hero 
nitro circus is the best show on television 
dr  pepper slurpies at 711 and the return of blue! tis truely a <propfemale> age 
will be on the beach until monday night 
"spent the weekend reading <propfirst> hawking's \a brief history of time\"" on the beach  good times """
"when on the road to sweet athy a stick in the hand, a drop in the eye a doleful damsel i heard cry, <propfirst> i hardly knew ya "
"kanye, you crazy mo-fo  what shenanagins will you get into next?"
just got his the crap beaten out of him today by an ap chem- sorry potions- test  why were colors half the test?!
is beginning to feel the hunger   
"is very busy today  in other news, i finally picked up a copy of grapes of wrath  so now i just need to read 18 chapters by tomorrow "
"get gas, do homework, work play "
<propmale> has returned!
is physically exhausted from watching the protector starring <propfirst> jaa  never mess with an elephant if tonly jaa is on the same planet as you 
if making a kilt out of fruit roll-ups just to become the worlds first edible <propmale> is wrong then i don't want to be right 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed k5_ossawz4 <propfemale> wars is great 
it is time   
is going to be very very very hungry but the homework's gotta get done 
has just discovered stony skunk  woot 
a knight in shining armor without his armor is just a lunatic on a horse 
"band concert tonight  if you've got nothing to do on this cold, tuesday night then head over to the auditorium and enjoy some free music "
well that went well  g'night e'erbody 
spent the last half hour chasing his dog around outside in a t-shirt and socks  i finally caught him over by the <propfemale> pool  i hurt 
50 unread inbox messages! i'd like to thank everyone that made this possible 
"was informed today that you cease to be a minor the day before your 18th birthday which, for me, is today  i was planning on spending today celebrating my last day of childhood only to discover i'm already an adult  i actually managed to miss my childhood "
had a wonderful birthday and would like to thank everyone that helped usher me into adulthood  now excuse me while i sneak back into childhood 
why do i love christmas break? breakfast at one in the afternoon might have something to do with it 
music suggestions! go! (<propmale> you're not allowed to participate )
"to everyone out there not turning in the scrapbook, can i get a hell yeah?"
what's cooler than being cool?
is not spending nearly enough time with friends this break 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=cbhblrsqkyy hellz yeah 
is really enjoying going to sleep in the morning and waking up after noon 
i found mah pokemanz  <propfirst>= happy 
ho ho ho! <propfemale> christmas!
good day  good night 
have a kwazy kwanza!
i'm dreaming of a white kwanzaa 
if i had the <propmale> i'd ask the world to dance! oh ho dancing with myself!
"dear homework, go directly to hell, do not collect $200 "
get up offa that thing and dance 'til you feel better!
what a great way to end the year  good night everyone 
happy new decade!
new years resolutions  go!
ringing in the new year with my little pony  thanks <propfirst> yosuke o'neil 
this is the earliest i've been up all break 
it only took me about 15 minutes to get through the whole spark notes for the fountainhead and yet i still hate nearly every character 
hello school  goodbye sleep 
boo-yah! we still have school  meaning    theatre fest thetre fest theater fest!!!
i'm home and feeling indifferent about said fact 
"schedj next semester is the same except film 3rd, dance 4 5, and sociology 9th  comment if you are in any of these "
"<propfirst> a tu cuerpo alegria macarena que tu cuerpo es <propfemale>' darle alegria y cosa <propfemale> <propfirst> a tu cuerpo alegria, macarena hey macarena!"
book of <propmale> was soooo good!
"this, is, that automatic i stay fresh like i'm wrapped in plastic p goes spastic, c galactic southside boy, we cadillac it charismatic, asiatic i hustle for mathematics cameras, action, changed the status"
42 hours 7 minutes   
21 hours!
is now terrified of pregnancy pacts 
"has been practicing the cha cha by himself  yep, i'm cool "
after watching the prestige in film and designing magician inspired set pieces for sweeny i kind of have stage magic on the brain 
"attention all techies still attending ghs, we are now starting to work on the musical  if you would like to be on the crew then we need you to attend meetings, tuesday builds, wednesday workshops, and all rehearsals, see the captain for rehearsal schedules  this probably sounds like a lot, because it is, welcome to the musical "
just discovered his new favorite musical  guess what it is and you get a cookie 
hasn't played the didj in a while  fixing that 
book of <propmale> was still great the second time around 
"i have been made aware that i am supposed to make my profile picture that of a celebrity that looks like me  if you were not aware of this, get on it  i have a problem though, i don't know what celebrity i look like  help me internet-kenobi, you're my only hope "
"found it, no thanks to you intranets "
but i would walk 500 <propmale>  and i would walk 500 more  just to be the man who walked 1000 <propmale> to fall down at your door 
"i was originally not going to do this but, i got curious and looked and what i found was too great not to post, so here it goes   go to urbandictionary com and type in your 1st name  copy and paste these directions as your status and put the 1st entry as your 1st comment "
"public service announcement: if cookie dough tastes like paint, stop eating it "
for a guy that hasn't eaten in two days i have way more energy than i would have e playful ected 
good news: saints won  bad news: i was paid in change 
banana hammock!
gettin mah krump on!
why is it that when i have money and want to buy music i can't think of any new music to buy and when i find a bunch of new music i want to buy i have no money?
set build went well  the wagon has wheels and the pie shop has walls 
why did ju rin feel it necessary to put a <propfirst> swift album on loop?
anyone that brings me chocolate will receive my undying affection 
using facebook as my magic 8 ball for the moment  should i audition for <propfemale>?
"the following people are bros  <propfirst> andersson, <propfirst> yosuke o'neil, <propfirst> wakefield, <propmale> vanthournout, and <propmale> mahoney  that is all "
<propfirst> want snow day!
"would very much like a country to run  not a big one, a small island would be nice  i promise to be a good leader  if you help me achieve this goal you'll receive a cabinet position, or a harem, your choice "
estas emberesada?
will be sitting outside the <propmale>'s in the charlstowne mall from 2-4 today selling coupon books  any company would be much appreciated 
"movie number 1, aladdin "
mmm    ice cream   
"i could have spent tonight doing homework, such as the scale model of a <propmale> concert hall i need to build, filling out scholarship information, or hanging out with actual people  i didn't do any of those things  i spent my night playing robot unicorn attack  night well spent "
yay! tech week!
"hot tub time machine was the best movie i've ever seen  to quote <propfirst>, \shia leboof!\"""""
cuz if you liked it then you should have put a ring on it if you liked it then you shoulda put a ring on it don’t be mad once you see that he want it if you liked it then you shoulda put a ring on it
misses winter and the nice cold nights that allowed him to sleep 
repo! may be lullsy as a whole but <propfirst> <propmale> head is really awesome 
i love me some <propfemale> <propfirst> 
mrs  <propfirst> has now seen me in a tube top 
"“now you're looking for the secret  but you won’t find it because of course, you're not really looking  you don't really want to work it out  you want to be fooled “"
wonders how many things he does because he wants to instead of because he thinks he's supposed to want to 
why is there never enough queso?
had a dream about over sleeping only to wake up and discover i had over slept 
''at the end of the day you've just got to say it's alright ''
and don't cha know it's a beautiful new day?
i can see a light at the end of this tunnel called high school  i hope the weather's nice out there 
cat+ laser pointer= never gets old
"if there's one thing i know, it's everything "
''my hat is awesome!''
saw a hop scotch game that went up to 100 squares on his way home  ambition in small children is amusing 
to admit ignorance is to welcome knowledge 
hello leaves  how long have you been there?
would like to rename the time 100 poll ''the list of 100 facepalms''
you know that feeling you get after you finish a really good book series where you're happy you finally got to the end but you're sad it's over?
"\bustin' makes me feel good!\"""""
nutella on oreos  i should not be allowed to feed myself 
has doubled down  i need a nap now 
gets in way too much trouble for a watermelon 
just came very close to applying to live in a all female dorm  good thing i checked the names 
keeps getting offered alcohol in restaurants  do i really look that old?
i say hey i be gone today but i be back around the way seems like everywhere i go the more i seethe less i know but i know one thing  that i love you
"had a dream last night that included telekinesis, mililary e playful erimentation, serving in the military, and a javelin fight with my dad "
is in hyperspace 
"mile tomorrow, followed immediately by a ap potions practice test that won't allow me to eat lunch  at least my life isn't boring "
behold the <propfemale> of the tuesday-friday!
if i were in college today would be my last day of classes 
"i just picked up my tux and i have to say, it is the sexiest thing since sliced bread "
is going to tour the fbi building in chicago 
now e playful eriencing the apathy of the thursday sunday 
yay! friday!
had a great time seeing a wonderful production of kiss me <propfemale> 
"hey look, pra om!"
had a great time at prom with <propfirst> kennedy 
has a feeling that prom will supply him with profile pictures for months to come 
this senior is for rent  the bidding starts tomorrow at lunch 
is scouring the internet for new music  and finding it  woo-hoo!
has decided on prostitution for a career 
is dressed like a d-bag  yay!
the best adventures are fueled by mondo and white castle 
come to <propfemale> high school's one acts  the <propmale> of the d-bags demands it 
"well, that was wonderful "
if you didn't see <propfemale> high school's one acts last night then tonight is your last <propmale> to see something wonderful 
"it does not do to dwell on dreams, and forget to live "
is now the proud owner of a puffy shirt 
well look at that  it's my last band concert  and i'm going dressed as a pirate  good times 
shenanigans 
just won mando's first born!
after consulting home access and a calculator i have determined that i am not failing film!
who needs alarm clocks when you have thunder?
just saw an ice cream truck  summer's coming 
is not a flip book 
looks like today is going to be a good day 
''are we human because we gaze at the stars or do we gaze at them because we are human?''
though the results of my sociology e playful eriment are boring they still make me happy 
would very much like a job 
i used to watch the <propmale> of egypt a lot when i was younger and i never realized how awesome the music is until now 
nacho cheese makes everything taste better 
taking <propfemale> is in <propfemale>! switzerland! damn   
last homework assignment of high school ever and i'm still procrastinating 
3
2
"just in case tech hadn't taken enough blood from me it made sure to squeeze out a few more drops in my last few minutes as president  oh, by the way, congratulations to the new tech officers!"
1
let's jam  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=7x3kcyv3xla
"high school ended with food, merriment and song, just the way it should be  yet, once the festivities died down and i was left with my memories i was filled with nostalgia and sadness  then i fixed that with yoo-hoo and an air horn  gotta love the dollar store "
"mmm, delicious, delicious sleep "
how the hell did a tick get in my house?
woo! first traffic ticket 
"yup, i'm graduating  i'll get all sentimental at the end of the summer "
no longer attends <propfemale> high school 
"\bread make you fat?!\"""""
is once again plagued by boredom and hunger  i fear what my creativity may produce 
jelly car and beck make for a nice end to 40 hours of being awake 
it's the stay puft marshmallow man 
"\they'll see a hero is just a man who knows he is free \"""""
is still getting letters from colleges that want him to go to them  weird 
"hear those mornin birds a chirpin, time to hop on over to the ihop "
"had a wonderful time at the 24 hour party and has many stories to tell, but right now the hunger is setting in and i need to sleep "
's elephant broke   sad 
"weirdness with phone contract, so don't call or text me 'til tonight "
got a new phone  feel free to call text all you want now  my new number is 1-630-940-8773 
we missed adventure time! noooooooooooooooo!!!!!!
i no longer beleive that morning is a thing because i haven't seen it in so long 
"\boop boop  i love conputers \"" -<propfirst> wakefield"""
my cat is my arch nemesis 
toy story 3!
toy story 3!
never has a movie brought me that close to tears 
as a matter of fact i did get dressed in the dark today 
my college orientation packet including a form due in two days arrived today shredded and covered in oil  thanks united states postal service!
i just looked through all my pictures and i'm pretty sure i randomly get older and younger as time goes on 
am i the only one that thinks the word 'vuvuzela' sounds dirty?
any time of year when i can sleep until one in the afternoon is fine by me 
nothing like a big ol burrito after a run 
i get the feeling preliminary schedules came out today 
"finally got to say \run <propmale> run!\"" in normal(ish) conversation """
hot damn i love blues traveler 
happy wheels is addicting 
<propmale> is replacing toy story 3's spot in the imax with the new twilight  this concept saddens me greatly 
has 100 slim jims  all is well 
"is not sure if he misses the \is\"" or not """
regular exercise is turning my metabolism into a monster 
i'm not sure whether i should be proud or ashamed of what i just did 
will be in michigan for the next week  phone service sucks up there so if you text me don't e playful ect a speedy response 
my favorite holiday named after a will smith movie 
"sitting on the beach by a big ol bonfire, smokin a cheap cigar watching some fire works  happy 4th of july everyone!"
chili cheese burger!
got bored and looked at my calendar  holy f**k i only have 6 weeks until college 
i typed this status with my tongue  i'm bored 
has a scottish accent for some reason 
my bed head is a pompadour 
michigan may have better beaches but the people back home more than make up for it 
home 
just bust a move 
5 on ap chem test! boo-yah!
it's the <propfemale>! stab it in the heart!
has better pants than <propfemale> sagan 
had great luck with the radio today  it made me happy 
"had a dream last night involving a 42 hour outdoor cook-off where the only fire they had to cook by was a campfire into which we, the spectators, kept throwing fireworks  i'm pretty sure there was a point in my dream where i was sleeping too  weird "
there is nothing on this earth i love more than yoo hoo 
no better way to start the day than an emisions test and a physical  woo 
so i hear i'm a volcano 
<propfemale> is sending me my computer one piece at a time  today i received my mouse 
is apparently doing band in college  this is news to me but i'm okay with it 
had a dream that he followed voldemort out of ohare and then hid a bean sprout from him 
will not be home for a week  see ya!
had a wonderful week and now i'm back home to recover  my new laptop should help that process 
"if you have skype and feel like talking to me then here's my skype address, sam kurczek "
i love slim jims and meijer loves my money  everybody wins 
spent 5 hours finding out i can't donate plasma  woo 
good night <propfemale> 
"had a dream in which he participated in a wacky, thunderdome style 3 way soccer game that he may or may not have won, and then had a dream in which he joined a monastery on top of a mountain and became a member of g i  <propfirst>  what a good night that was "
am i the only one that thinks i look a bit like <propfirst> franco?
<propfirst> wakefield and i are one step closer to being prepared for the zombocalypse 
nowadays even facebook is outsourcing 
i know you are 
<propfirst> pilgrim!!!
"\again wallace?!\"""""
there are neither beginnings or endings to the turning of the wheel of time  but it was a beginning 
"based on the appearance of the jeans sold at most stores, i'm going to guess that they were stolen from homeless people "
looks nothing like <propfirst> cera 
"\we are sex bob-omb and we're here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff!\"""""
"what should i be for halloween? suggestions, go!"
will now fall asleep due to boredom  the internet has failed me 
was going to spend today getting ready for college  then i discovered that speeding up lady gaga songs makes them better  goodbye productivity!
time to be productive 
franticly preparing for college  yay procrastination!
the world is suddenly a cooler place 
the last day  weird 
one day more!
sam: 1 sunset: 0
goodbye <propfemale> and hello cedar rapids 
is at college!
we have cable!
hypnotists are great  that is all 
"ahh, comic books  i missed those "
squirrels are amazingly entertaining creatures 
classes tomorrow  when did that happen?
"korean reggae fusion, better than coffee "
hello classes!
is actually doing math homework for the fist time in four years 
just woke up  i love college 
how do i always manage to forget about reel big fish?
the entire campus smells like pastry  it's wonderful 
will beat this gateway exam or die trying 
spent his friday night running around shirtless playing with water balloons and water guns whilst <propfemale> played in the background  i love college!
i love tuesdays 
t v s are heavy 
"i have never felt so classy  reading plato while the following tab combination is playing in my browser\http annoyed  www endlessyoutube com watch?v laugh ix3amrdul4\http annoyed  www endlessyoutube com watch?v=hmnrl0tmd3k\http annoyed  www rainymood com "
but why is the hostess gone?
so apparently shipping from australia is hella e playful ensive  like more e playful ensive than the product you want to buy 
woo! tuesday!
"now that i've caught up on all my web comics, stumbled aimlessly, caught up on my backup web comics and realized that i have class in about seven hours i'm going to sleep  good night world!"
"is once again addicted to robot unicorn attack  oh well, aaaaaaaaallways i wanna beeeeee with yoooou!!"
that vending machine just stole my dollar  for this reason i hope there is a robot hell 
"finally, the bad assery of <propfirst> <propmale> is appreciated, through song!"
has actually arrived at some semblance of organization  it still looks like crap but at least i don't risk an avalanche of garbage every time i stand up 
"normal response to rain, go inside, stay dry, be boring \college response to rain, mud slip n slide!"
"\sometimes you have to make your own story  sometimes you have to shoot the storyteller in the neck \"""""
after a nice fourthmeal of mountain dew and combos it's time to do some homework  woo college!
in order to study for my first calc test i have every instance of this test from the past ten years tabbed up in my browser  this had better help 
i find it strange that i have become more motivated since i came to college  i've actually been studying for my calc test tomorrow  since yesterday 
(insert clever status update here)
"sometimes you gotta stop the car, take out a map and figure out if you're really going in the right direction "
didjeridu came in the mail today  i'm really happy about that 
1 month   smile 
i like it under my bed surrounded by junk 
"you know how in high school there's that one drinking fountain tucked away in some obscure corner that has the perfect temperature, pressure and taste? in college, they're all like that, and it's awesome "
three dimensional calculus is only frustrating because it gets me thinking about four dimensional calculus 
"because i like this kind of thing--i will be completely honest for twenty-four hours  you may ask me, and i mean this literally, any question your heart desires, and i will answer with strict, unbiased honesty  send them to my inbox (comment questions will be ignored) and   have fun, i suppose, and be careful what you ask, you may learn something you didn't want to know   "
is a wing eating champion 
bust a move is the greatest song ever written 
physics is to a socratic argument as hemlock is to socrates 
discovered the truth of the space <propfirst> god emperor of wayland with <propmale> <propmale> today  what a day 
was successfully talked out of taking three math classes next semester  now i'm only going to take two 
is writing an analysis of an analysis of an analysis of an analysis  i hate philosophy 
freedom!
woodman's!
"back to college tomorrow  boo responsibility, yay <propfemale> zazzaretti!"
just under halfway done with my paper  who needs sleep when you have homework?
giant research paper has been defeated! +99 e playful ! -9999 stress!
brains   
have you ever checked to see what your current status is only to find that it's from so long ago that by this point it's completely irrelevant? this is me correcting that 
i already smell like fish 
philosophical question of the day: does a group exist if it has no members?
thank you ap chem for allowing me to register an hour early for spring classes and get into all the ones i want  booyakasha!
"\but it was a beginning \"""""
step one: apply schroedinger's cat directly to eyeball 
<propfirst> <propmale> was an ass 
trackpads are the devil 
"i play quidditch, you're a fan  you're a sorceress, i'm a sorcerman "
dobby! noooooooo!!!!
"caution, meet wind "
did you know that facebook has a special program that makes it so that if you type in your password it just shows up as stars?
two more classes and they're both calculus  woo!
"the only thing between me and thanksgiving break is a paper on pascal's wager, and yet i just can't bring myself to start it "
there's only one thing between me and home and it's only calc! woo!
itunes visualizer: way more entertaining than it should be 
hello g town!
"come on weather, get it together  it's almost december, this should be snow, not rain "
goodbye <propmale>  i'll miss you <propmale> 
oh the weather outside is awesome 
is  this  your strongest machine?
snow!
i just sat down on the ground to make my first snow angel of the year  winter's here!
resists change 
the internet has gone to war 
why am i awake?
can i keep it?
"me: <propfirst>, are you actually going to study?\also me: no <propfirst>, no i'm not \me: didn't think so  facebook?\also me: you know me too well "
my dorm building is a tenement 
"a wild calc 3 final appeared!\go <propfirst>!\<propfirst> used study!\it's not very effective   \calc 3 final used lagrange multipliers\it's super effective!\<propfirst> is confused \<propfirst> hurt himself in his confusion "
final round  fight!
nothing says last day of the semester like <propmale> of the hill and <propfemale>'s 
home!!
<propfemale> christmas!
is a toilet paper critic a thing?
"have you ever felt like updating your status but had nothing interesting to say so you just posted song lyrics instead? \i’m takin it back to the old school \cuz i’m a old fool \whose sooo cool \if ya want to get down, imma show you the way \whoomp there it is, let me hear you say "
people advertise weird stuff at three in the morning 
is back at c-c-c-coe college 
i feel so much better about my 8am class when i remember that high schoolers have to do it five days a week 
round 2  fight!
happy is definitely a good word to describe me right now 
"damn facebook, changin my profile   "
<propfemale> wars marathon= success 
"i am going to have to spend so much of this semester writing short stories, and i am so cool with that "
"bear-\any of the plantigrade, carnivorous or omnivorous mammals of the family ursidae, having massive bodies, coarse heavy fur, relatively short limbs, and almost rudimentary tails \\packer-\a person who engages in packing as an occupation or business, esp  a person who packs food for market\\which sounds scarier?"
i am the sultan!
"i have not had anything really interesting to post as my status in a while have i? hmm    nope, i got nuthin  good night world! see you on the morrow!"
"snow day!!!\thank you sky!!!!!"
"oh <propmale> horror, how i've missed you "
math problems quake in fear! i have been reunited with my graphing calculator!
is building a monster 
come see sleep deprived actors attempt to entertain you with sets built by sleep deprived techies! play in a day! 7! mills! tonight! go! i'm in it! woo!
two hours of sleepp on a lobby couch is ont enough!
"<propfirst> deyoung created a musical version of the hunchback of notre dame (<propfirst> <propmale> version, not disney) and no one told me?"
i am a leprechaun 
"first i oversleep, then my building catches on fire  what a great start to the day "
my throat is trying to kill me 
t-shirt weather in february  this is an iowa winter?
whoomp der it is! whoomp der it is!
it's like the sun caught winter sleeping with its daughter and now winter is trying to get out of here as fast as possible 
"i see you driving \round town with the girl i love\and i'm like, haiku "
if the periodic table is a group of elements then does that make it a set? if so then what are the chemical properties of the empty set?
i think i accidentally made chicken jerky on my radiator 
you are now consciously controlling your breathing and blinking 
i'm hungry but limited on resources  that's why i'm eating nutella out of the jar using the back end of  a toothbrush 
power outage  really greene?
spring break starts tomorrow today  [les mis reference]
hey <propfemale>  how are you? it's good to be back 
i have successfully devoured ten sliders  i am well on my way to my ultimate goal 
it smells like spring around here 
happy birthday ireland!
"i would like to take this time to apologize to <propfirst> bieber for any negative comments i may have made about his music  <propfemale> black has shown me that things can be much, much worse  at least he tries "
"hi, i'm <propfemale> zazzaretti and i'm hacking sams facebook  maybe he should learn not to trust me with his computer while talks to new people  smile "
three math department classes next semester? sounds fun 
gangster storm trooper laughs at your pathetic rebel blaster bolts 
does anyone have a broom that i can borrow?
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night 
story revisions and nice dubstep 
internet radio just gave me skrillex  good day 
let the six hour study-a-thon begin!
downtown budapest!
i just discovered that i will be home by free comic book day  hell yes 
