e88cc20048787a0c6123921380ab7159
is back in town   and freaking sick again    playful   hate being sick   but i am actually looking forward to   numerous things    laugh 
feels like crap    playful 
is pretty sure that life is very wonderful at the moment    laugh 
"feels the best since the beginning of the marching season    laugh   not sick, not getting sick, and bubbly "
 laugh  enough said   about the whole week:   laugh 
   doesnt understand   this is odd   still happy   with a lot of confusion   hm 
mmmmm   lavender chamomile   today must be a good day   yes today is a good day    smile 
bored!  sigh   on the verg of being hyper   must of been the bowl of ice cream i just ate   
 laugh    laugh 
"is dying for a social life   besides house sitting, went out monday night   so bored   only talked to family today   double boring "
"thinks that after 5 days of careful consideration and thinking, i might have a college picked   and mom likes my choice "
cant wait for tomorrow   lots going on   yey (for multiple reasons)!!!  now off to the store to buy dinner 
"had an eye appointment (have to get new glasses with bifocals), had a hair appointment (wow i had no idea there was that much blonde in my hair), cleaned my room, started cleaning my bathroom, watched a cool movie with <propmale>, went to <propfirst>'s for a movie night, pushed <propmale>'s truck out of the snow  all yesterday  oh yeah i'm sick again  only been 100% for about a month this school year  fantastic  love my life "
what a way to start out the new year
gonna go have coffee with my favorite person in the world    smile 
 smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile 
went shopping today   for dresses   something must be wrong with me   
hmmmmmm      yep    smile 
so close! arrrg!  dumb school!  other than that though   life is good 
bored   sigh   people need to learn how to text faster   
wow   havent felt like this in over a month   hm 
 smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile    smile 
 smile   aroma coffee   smile   from new mexico   smile   makes it even better   smile   life =   smile   just as good   smile 
"wishes she could have selective mind reading, she knew what to do, what to say, how to react, how to stop thinking so much, but mostly she wishes that there isnt a repeat in life   dont know if she could handle a repeat   "
thinks she has picked a college 
just picked a college   acceptance letter done and everything   holy cow   now to fill out scholarship applications   wow   omg
has a awful headache   ew 
"has a lot to think about, to pull apart, to digest   why cant it just happen?  why cant it be easy?  at the very least, these things are fairly good to think about   "
feels better after last nights sick spell   that was odd and ridiculous   it was way too hot in the gym   all they have to do is open one of the four doors and it would be so much better   stupid people 
folgers does not compare to aroma coffee   aroma coffee is so much better  holy cow  thank goodness for aroma coffee    smile    laugh 
is lacking in the creative aspect of life at the moment      playful 
is greatful for the random burst of creativity    smile 
facebook is being dumb
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!    smile 
thinks that days like this should last
now that this thursday is over i can be excited for next thursday!  my things will come in the mail!  yey!  omg this is so exciting   and pep band! yey!!  and the movie night!  yey!!!
"late night last night   stupid deer almost hit my car   that would have sucked, especially at 1 smile 0 in the morning   and it was snowing   but other than that yesterday was fantastic   played for <propfemale> pehgar   that was nerve racking   and everything else was wonderful   excited for the movie night tonight!  wish there was pep band      playful "
meh   i think my toe is broken   unlike   my brother blames it on karma   what did i do though?   playful 
is going crazy
arrrg 
wishes it was wednesday 
needs a word that rhymes with m   any suggestions???  i'm desperate 
"best day ever, no doubt about that    laugh    laugh    laugh    laugh "
had a lot of fun last night   smile 
can't wait for tomorrow!
is finally home   but for only two weeks   sigh   think i'm gonna go to bed early tonight 
wishes there were more tolerable people in high school 
"eleven hours, and ten boxes later: room is only half packed up   oh boy   looking forward to doing the same thing tomorrow   it has to be done by monday   oh boy   going to be a long sunday   "
"has spent all of saturday, sunday, and monday night packing   and im still not freaking done!!!  where on earth did i get all this crap?!?  one more day   and i had better freaking be done   oh aparently i have to share a room with my brother too   mom said my bed is coming down probably tomorrow   awesome    playful    playful "
got dance tickets today    smile   but today was an odd day   and i'm pretty tired   
solo and ensemble today   i am suprisingly not that nervous 
just got done with solo and ensemble   got a one on my snare peice   and a two on my mallet peice   i thought that one was good enough to get a one   it was hard   and ive been working on it for more than a year   obviously i am a bit dissapointed   
happy valintine's day everyone!
still needs shoes for the dance   and mom threw out the ones i was thinking about wearing   hmmmm   
tie shopping today   maybe shoe shopping   maybe get my nails done   what a day 
went tie shopping   successful   went shoe shopping today   fail   bummer   
 smile 
"of those of you who are wearing the marching shirt, dinkles, and black socks tomorrow, how many of you are gonna wear shorts?  it is supposed to snow   "
shoes!  yey!  now i have everything for the dance! i think   
"   wants it to be tomorrow at 4 smile 0, friday at 4 smile 0 or saturday   pep band   pep band   dance      smile "
had a fabulous time at the dance   pretty tired   probably the best dance ever    laugh 
 laugh  good day    laugh 
"will, as soon as her scaner stops being dumb, get some good looking white night pictures up   awesome job at the concert tonight everyone   <propmale>, sorry the triangle decided to hide before seis   lol "
good day   pretty good week too   it should get better   
feels pretty freaking amazing    smile 
another pretty awesome day   good week    smile 
just got her senior pictures   man do i take good pictures   smile or no smile 
wonders   
another pretty sweet day   but sometimes i still wonder   
yesterday was probably the worst day of this whole week   until the end of the day that is 
some people get all the luck   and the only thing the unlucky can do is just keep wishing that it will happen   
first essay of the semester   that is so sad   
hates homework      playful 
doesnt understand      at all         annoyed    sad 
"among the many things that i wish would happen, i really wish spring would happen   but then again it is only #2 on my list of things that should happen      smile "
why do things have to be so dumb sometimes?  i dont understand   
"dear life, stop being so dumb and be right again  thanks"
yeah senior pictures!  break just got a <propfemale> bit better   
's brain is going to blow up   too much to think about      
yey for my nikon software!  and white nights pctures finally!
cba really needs to post scores
arrrrrrrrrrrg   why me?  life should stop being so stupid 
i ready for tomorrow   even if today has only just begun    annoyed 
"days like today   yesterday   whatever   make me wonder, confussed, angry, happy, bubbly, tired, sad, stupid, basically almost every emotion known to man kind "
hates spiders   especially the ones that decide to crawl all over when you are painting pretty things which then causes you to get paint all in your hair   stupid spiders   good thing you are dead    playful 
what a day   
has no idea where her new class will be   cant decide if i want to have school tomorrow or if i want spring break to continue   hmmm   
"+ 2 longish days at school = tired, add some mountain dew to that = hyper!  hahahaha"
   doesnt have anything to say   hmmmm   
when should i start handing out senior pics?
hmmm   prom   no dress   but no date either   hmmmm   
is getting very sick of all the drama
"random question of the day:  could someone be addicted to couseling?  if so, how do you treat them?"
thinks the weather is play a horrible and dumb april fool's joke on us all   ok its not funny any more   no more stupid snow!!!
to go to prom   or to not go to prom   that is the question   
sigh   frusturated   
going to prom
oh boy   tomorrow is prom
senior prom   done and over with   it was fun   pretty sure <propmale> and i take good pictures 
just saw <propfemale> in wonderland   thats a good movie 
did you know that sleeping for a 90 minute class causes you to miss tons of notes?  my psychology class took a quiz today that i didnt have to take due to missing class yesterday   fell asleep   woke up with 8 minutes left in class   they had done 14 slides of notes while i just slept   that i now have to get done by tomorrow   awesome   go me!
 playful  meh
random question: why do we say we're head over heels when we're happy or in love? isn't that the way we normally are?
"never again will i think of \release the cracken!\"" as what i did before that movie was over   clash of the titans was pretty good """
band seniors have 15 days left of high school   holy cow 
found another grey hair today   sad considering i just dyed my hair   
"13 days, 13 days, 13 days "
12 days   thats crazy   
11 days   11   then life as we know it will completely change   all we have ever known is school   then just like that   its all over   no matter where life takes us   it will be different   what a crazy thought   11 days   make the best of them 
"2 loaves of banana nut bread, 2 loaves of zuccini bread, and 2 pans of brownies later, my feet hurt "
i like not having school today    smile   no act woo!
"yesterday was   fun even if i didnt feel good   next time we go to home depot, lets not pay mostly in change   almost $15 in quarters, dimes, nickles, and pennies   go us!!  seniors have 7 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!  woo!"
is in a pretty good mood   excited for this week   lots happening   really excited for thursday! senior countdown-7 days
"4 more days   i think i can servive 4 more days   and yet   i am so ready to be done   apart from finals, i dont really see the point in going   i is having a very bad case of the seniorites   go me!"
most epic day ever   no matter how much saw dust i inhaled    smile 
"put my books into my new bookshelf, saw <propfirst>' new house, which is like 4 blocks from mine if even that, cleaned the house i have been house sitting, <propmale> with <propfemale> at borders, learned the hard way (ish) that someone can unfriend you and you would not even know it "
's camera is being retarded
tomorrow is the last monday of high school   ever 
half a day   holy cow   i must say   high school has been quite the e playful erience   i will miss going to school with all of you   and i love you all  (mostely lol jk jk)
no more school   that is pretty crazy   what to do now   
first day without high school   it only feels like a weekend   and it feels like in two days or so i should be going back   but i'm not   thats a sad thought   
how is it that one person can be so gosh darn annoying and yet so freaking amazing all at the same time?
not only can one person be annoying and amazing at the same time   they can also be so very very confussing   
sigh   mixed feeling right now   
graduation tomorrow   how crazy is that?
woo!  graduation in 11 hours   that is pretty crazy!  i am so very excited!!!!!!!!
has officially graduated from high school!!!!!!!!!
confuzzled      annoyed 
"what do bulletproof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers all have in common? all invented by women "
sometimes   i really hate facebook   
good day so far 
had to get a shot
apple   or <propfemale>   ?
doesnt quite know how to feel   going with the flow i guess   
crazy day   officially   sorta decided something   now i just have to pull it off   
very good day    smile 
is in dangerous waters   
hates when things get intense for about 15 minutes then it turns out to be so anti-climatic   lame sauce      playful 
another pretty good day    smile 
"needs to follow the advice of \just do it\"" more often   might take me places """
 playful  stupid
all of a sudden   everything seems just right   all is good   the stupidness from earlier is gone   now i am excited   cant wait to see what happens!!!    smile 
stupid       playful 
mmmmmm      bored      kinda feel hyper      hmmm
turns 19 in a month   that is so weird   that means i am almost a year away from being 20   which is the weirdest feeling ever   and i thought 18 was weird   
boring day today   but the excitment for everything thats happening tomorrow should make up for it   lots happening tomorrow   
 wink 
"late night last night   good times though    smile   funny times too   fyi a verizon tower is down   service will be spotty, you might have service at some points you might not   spreading the word might be nice "
just figured out that i was up for 23 hours yesterday 
woo! avatar in blue-ray!
sometimes being a percussionist sucks   sometimes   like when practicing for europe 
 laugh 
"just woke up half an hour ago   that rehersal really took it out of me   my stick bag was missing on saturday for half the day, then it magically appeared on a table (that i checked 4 times) on sunday   standing for mostly 6 hours take more out of you then you realize   "
woo! excited for tonight!!!
man   how stupid        playful 
feels retarded   
is going to be 19 in two weeks   thats crazy   
spent 4 hours at the mall because my brother didnt want to leave
oh my   
the next 36 hours are going to be good   but long   
relay for life was fun   my feet are killing me though   
"<propmale> today   journey to londan, england tomorrow   wont have cell service, might be able to email at some point so if you really need to get ahold of me, do it before tomorrow   otherwise it might have to wait   might  until july 6th "
woo!!!!! facebooking in <propmale> airport on the way to europe!!!!!!!!!!
"is home safe and sound from and amazing trip from europe   thank you all for the birthday wishes, i really appreciate it    smile "
is finally registered for college classes! woo!
"is so ready for college to start  anyone know where i can get a good, cheap pair of rollerblades?"
my car's window got fixed!  yey!  took like 2 1 2 hours or so to get the stupid tape off   next is an oil changed then the hole from that stupid girl in the back  and then it will be as it was in   august 
needs something   but dont know what   this stinks   
is going camping with the family   what new adventures could possibly come?   smile 
camping = crazy fun    smile 
has a sudden and odd urge to watch a disney movie   odd   
is in a fairly good mood 
feels odd   confused   
soooooooo bored   found out my room mate next year is a music <propmale> and she plays flute   i am looking forward to this coming year 
having a good night  hope you are all having a good one too    smile 
today is   today  last night was a good night with the family    smile 
shaved my brother's head today   he now looks like a mexican mr  clean   hahahahaha
"washed my car today   yes, it was raining "
is gonna get a pair of chacos tomorrow    smile 
chacos     smile 
"summer list:  graduate high school, check, europe, check, turn 19, check, camping adventure #1, check, get dorm room stuff, half a check, macbook, in the proccess of being checked, start college, yet to be checked "
today = uhg until about 2 smile 0 now today is better 
fruita relay for life=pretty fun   a few things learned   lots told    smile 
ordered her laptop today   should be here on monday   i'm super excited     laugh 
"summer list: graduate high school, check, europe, check, turn 19, check, camping adventure #1, check, get dorm room stuff, half a check, laptop, in the mail, start college, yet to be checked "
happy thoughts    smile 
had quite the eventful night 
its crazy how time flies   8 day left here at home   
<propfirst> gibson combines some of the most amazing music with his and makes it sound even better 
is facebooking on her sexy new laptop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
despite many things i am in a good mood    smile 
5 days left at home   how weird   
loves this new laptop!
uhg   its like last year all over again   thats stupid   
mahjong is kicking my butt
4 days left   craaaaazy!!
rain  love it   but not when its pouring so bad you cant see and you think your poor car is going to drown   
is leaving tomorrow for college   its a sad thought   but a happy thought too   i am ready for something new but i am going to miss all my friends   
"never thought i'd want people to send me letters like i do now   if you want to send me something, here's my address annoyed \<propfemale> richardson\western state college of colorado\c p o  5768\600 n  adams\gunnison, co\81231-5768"
dorm sweet dorm   i'll post pictures    smile 
fisrt college meal   captian crunch and juice 
classes start tomorrow   9am  woo!!!
two classes down   two to go   plus a percussion ensemble meeting at 6 smile 0    smile 
how is it   that i actually have time to write my story   when i didnt have time in high school?
math   ew   
why is it whenever i listen to pandora or the radio it fits exactly what i am thinking about?  its almost creepy   
always thought that college food was gross but due to the new college center here at western i get the oppertunity to watch exactly how they make my food 
bored   
uhg   auditions      playful 
"dorm life sucks   first our lock doesnt work to the outside door, then the outlet for the sink doesnt work, we have a neighbor who plays bassy music at midnight, the people below us smoke a lot of pot, now our toilet wont stop flushing "
its crazy how one song can make you remember so much   
i love being done with class at noon     smile 
and i thought college meant we were adults   i guess some people cant handle the truth   like the noisey neighbor   
starting lessons  monday   woo!!
"movies on a laptop, in the grass, at 10pm in gunnison   when its slightly chilly   awesome!!!!!!"
uhg   
"unwrapping starbursts with our tongues to see if we are good kissers just because we are bored and have nothing better to do   according to that, i am a pretty freaking good kisser "
"we have a lighter peice for percussion ensemble   i can see it now    all the music in ashes, the band room burned to the ground   all of quiggly hall for that matter   this is gonna be great "
math is dumb
theory is dumb too   today is just a whole lot of dumb 
cant wait for friday   it should be here right now 
uhg   some people   
had at great time at heartman's rock tonight   i love the smoky smell in my hair   tonight was something i will probably remember for forever    smile   good times 
cant wait for friday     smile    smile    smile 
hates piano class   waaaaay to easy 
talking in the middle of nowhere about random crap while watching the sun go down and the stars come out   tons of fun   excited that tomorrow is friday!!
feels so fing good to be home 
*frusturated nosies*
tonight was a fun night     smile 
back to the dorm   uhg
why is there so much i want to say but cant?
if you need a laugh for today go to youtube and watch skype laughter chain   its the first video when it comes up   watch it all the way through   it is so worth it    smile 
uhg   
coldest night of my life annoyed ast night   sorest night day of my life annoyed ast night today   who ever knew camping could bring so much?
wishes western had better french horn players   
90s music   smile 
uhg   there are no words to describe this         playful 
august rush with a friend=good fun   until the movie stops playing with only about a minute left   we ended up finishing it anyways though   good movie 
shoot   
"late night conversations about the scariest thing thats ever happened to us   interesting   if it was a contest, i definately won "
oh gosh   i think i am crazy   
dilemas   uhg 
wtf?  seriously   
ooooooohhhhh noooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!  of course   
feels like shooting herself   *bad words*
hooray for e playful losions in dorm rooms!!
dr  waker was angry today   he made jokes but no one knew if we should of laughed or not   on the other hand   no there is no other hand   shoot   sad day 
hey fmhs band kids!  good luck at valley bands tomorrow   you guys will do great!!!
"music: a complex organizations of sounds that is set down by the composer, incorrectly interpreted by the conductor, who is ignored by the musicians, the result of which is ignored by the audience "
ah youtube   why do you suck so much?
holy cow
speed writing sucks majorly
is crazy   
and thats why i dont sing   uhg 
is in a really freaking good mood     laugh 
the giant w was just lit on fire for home coming   it was so cool   they shot fireworks and everything   posting pics soon
looking at old pictures sure brings back old memories   
college parties annoyed ame   so far   
dont you hate it when the one person you want to talk to never gets on?
"sometimes old things need to go away  that way, we have room for the new things that come into our lives "
well that just about makes my whole week
my brain and ears hurt from the concert    playful   but it was a pretty good concert 
sigh   old marching band videos   lots of memories 
cant wait for tomorrow!!!!!!!!
one more class   
saturday=crazy day   lots of good fun   im glad i got to go home   i miss being there   
aural skills   suck   majorly   omg
"aural skills needs to die   i am pretty sure my math class takes less time than aural skills         aural skills  <====[=  (sword)  =   o;ierha;nb'[oiebbvfrg\muahahahahahahaha"
i like it on the ledge in my room   wink 
and so it continues   
   needs a hug   
doesnt think shes ever been this tired mentally   my brain is so very done   
holy crazy cow   i am worn out    annoyed \  it has been quite the week   
i love being able to play whatever music i want!!!  its so quiet too!!
people make absolutely no sense to me 
omfg
why can they test the stupid fire alarms when people arent here!!!  omg
"there comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good   after all, life is too short to be anything but happy "
good luck tomorrow fmhs marching band at qualifier!!!!!!!!!!!!  go kick some <propmale> butt!!
i just beat the crap out of that midterm   hellz yeah!!!
good weekend   i wish there could be more just like it   
its only monday and i already wish it was the weekend    annoyed 
"live with intention \walk on the edge \listen hard \practice wellness \play with abandon \laugh \choose with no regret \continue to learn \listen to your friends \do what you love \live as if this is all there is \\-<propfirst> <propfemale> radmacher"
"dear fmhs marching band kids,\good luck this weekend   sorry i can't make it   i know you guys will do amazing! i hope you make it to semis   i will be there in spirit   best of luck to each and every one of you!"
i love not having class    smile 
stupid person who turned on the lighs during our lighter peice   it totally lost its cool after that      annoyed 
someone pulled the fire alarm at 2 am this morning   it was freezing cold outside and was raining   i felt sorry for the guy who was outside in just his underwear   
sigh   
how can one day be so absolutely wonderful yet so horribly terrible at the same time?
ahhh!  its snowing like crazy!
just tried to type the alphabet and typed abcdefg ab   wow i am a band geek 
"thank you person who e playful loded a firework in the elevator, which happens to be next to my room  thanks to you i now have to sit with my window open, in the cold, until the freaking air in my room is clear  i really appreciate being woken up by the smoke detector at 1 smile 0 in the morning and finding my room covered in dust from your amazing firework  i love that! thank you for making this week a butt ton worse!"
swears this week could not get any worse      crying 
of course   why did i say it couldnt get any worse?  uhg   i hate this week with passion   so very much   
twizzlers and chocolate to make the day better    smile 
uhg   
words can not describe how i feel right now   
feels a little better about life 
is kinda hyper and excited and happy and   and   omg
"as happy as i am right now, i know tomorrow it will all be gone   i wish this moment could go on for a life time…it should never end…but as the clock slowly burns the seconds away i know…it has all ended too soon, and nothing will ever be the same…however, i realize the fact that i will never forget…"
is in a pretty awesome mood    laugh 
"has \frosty the snowman\"" stuck in her head   i am going to be sick of christmas charols by thanksgiving   thank you symphony band   """
thinks that it is time to set things right   it should of been done months and months ago   
ever have those days when you wake up and you just know its gonna be a bad day?  i hate mondays   
merling trio   awesome!!!  they end their tour in gj   go see them!
stupid people making me take piano instead of intro to music   the one music class i was actually looking foward to   and now i cant take it      playful 
wonderful time to get sick   concert on tuesday   juries coming up   anybody know a way i can get better by tomorrow?
i hate being sick   
still sick   today was worse then the other two days   it was like a cold plus something like the stomach flu   i hate being sick   
to go to the black light dance or to not go   that is the question   
ive been to better black light dances   they could of played better music
thanksgiving break needs to get here tons faster   4 days   well 3 1 2 but still   faster!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  o o
is ready to have a night out   maybe this will make the rest of this week better    smile 
"busy, busy day today   lots of homework to be done   uhg   "
eeeeeii!  its snowing!  i caught 24 snowflakes on my tongue!  and one in the dark!!!  go me!!!  lol 
it should be tomorrow!
according to the weather at 9am tomorrow morning it will be 5 degrees   thats when i go to class   i must mentally prepare!  lol
tomorrow is gonna be a good day!!!
home    smile 
loves that part about today when i woke up in my own bed    laugh 
 smile   good mood    smile 
back in gunnison   oh joy    playful 
hmmm   what to do for dinner   hmmm
is thinking about changing her major   hmmm 
four piccolos   ew   sometimes even one is too many   but four???   annoyed 
juries   uhg how you make this week so very stressfull   
sleep deprivation has hit   laughed uncontrollably during dress rehersal   and danced   and made faces at dr  wacker   luckily he never saw them   tehe
"aparently there was a fire alarm late last night   i was so dead, i didnt hear it   thank you jury week!  nor did my ra wake me like she is supposed to   guess im gonna burn in a fire if there ever is a real one "
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same  until monday there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for violence against children "
t-minus 6 hours till my jury   man oh man     annoyed 
2 hours left   eek   i cant remember the last time i was so nervous   
"first jury ever, complete   with a pass   hellz yeah!  i got a full point!  most freshman were getting  5   i feel so good about life now   crazy exauhsted thought   but now i can sleep like a normal person    laugh "
dont you hate when you wait for hours to talk to someone and they never answer you?
should go to bed   but family guy is so funny!!
"i love how i have a project due on wednesday and i only just got the topic today   if anybody has any ideas on how to e playful lain cultural sustainability through science fictional short films, id be glad to hear them "
is in a pretty good mood    laugh 
not going to any more orchestra concerts   made me sleepy   at least the choir was good   nice job 
"great   went to do laundry, got the washing part done but aparently the laundry mat closes at midnight or something   so i now have a laundry bag full of wet clothes   awesome "
hot tubbing tonight!  time to relax!
"most exciting, crazy, awkward night since being in college    wink "
i love gustav holst   
who the hell ever heard of a band final?  gah!   playful 
anyone got any ideas on how to memorize a bunch of music terms?  flash cards dont work for me   
of all the things i have to study for this weekend (which is really not too terribly much) i have to study for a band final    playful   at least i get free music   
woke up 10 minutes ago   thats a little ridiculous   
bring on the finals!!!!
bored and curious   who actually knows me? i bet nobody can answer all the questions  first name:_____ middle name:______ last name:______ age:______birthday:__ __ __ eye color:_____ nickname:______ favorite color:_____best friend:______ favorite sport:_________ put this as your status and see who gets it right 
"just pulled an essay out of nowhere in 20 mins   go me!  four finals down, two to go!!!  and i hardly count one of them   "
well this is horrid   
one final left   in an hour and 15 mins then a little bit less that two hours after that im gonna drive home!!!!  yey!
home!
brother sister bonding time = zombie killing time!  yes!
screw math      playful 
i love getting itunes cards 
jeeze   i havent been hit this hard in more than a year   
getting music put onto my external hard drive   im so excited!  thank you mom and <propmale>!
"back in the dorms   moved all my furniture with help from <propfemale>   pain in the @$$, my back is killing me   but my room looks amazing and i love it so it was worth it   so very worth it "
"so begins a new semester   two music classes and two english classes today   tomorrow, three music classes and my emergency response class   dont know what i am going to enjoy most   or not enjoy at all   oh yeah then i have lessons, percussion ensemble, and concert & convo some time starting next week i think   oh boy   "
reading about socrates   awesome 
"it was -14 at 12:15ish today   this is the first year in, i dont know how long, that i have actually considered wearing a big winter coat "
just heard somebody orgasm outside my room   wow   college!
"i know that it might sound more than a little crazy, but i believe   "
"did an activity about order and chaos in my honors gateway class   now i have to figure out how to organize rubber bands in two ways and pencils in two ways and i have a list of things i cant organize them by, like color, shape, texture, content, etc "
is rather bored   and lonely   i guess thats the down side to having a room by myself   
i have no motivation to do homework today   uhg 
is pretty excited for menc next week!  whos all going (not western people)?
stressful morning   honors 100 was canceled so the day got better   and i feel like i drank 10 cups of coffee!
what to do now   ?
to be an ra or not to be an ra   
in co springs for the menc conference! excited for the rest of the week!
i think i might have to brew a little more before i say how the conference was   
i already wish it was friday   
realized last night that i have like 300 pics fro europe that i never put up   i'll try and get them up tonight 
its -15* here with a low of -24* and a high of 2* holy crap
frame case essays suck 
good phone conversations    smile   i want it to be friday  right meow!
would it be bad if a teacher tried to pull me out of class and i said no?
too many things going on in my mind right now   but tomorrow is friday and i want to have an awesome weekend at home
is actually considering going to bed early   its been a rough day   
i dont even know   
sigh   
yey for orin!!!!!!   love 
just did an application and resume in 30 mins   i think thats record time!
mmm   yes please    smile 
why is that so hard to understand   ?
speed dating   different   but fun   im actually rather pleased with it 
urg this is so frusturating   
"couldnt just sign my papers and get it over with?  fine, make me wait a whole 3 weeks more when ive already waited two just to freaking tell you   thanks   i appreciate the stress you've just enstilled on me "
too much singing whilst sick   my throat hurts a bit   maybe i should of sang lower   ah well i guess 
for the first time in a two weeks   i think i am going to be ok 
well   that lasted like an hour   maybe an hour and a half   great   
"you can only shed so many tears before you realize that one day, maybe not yesterday, today, or tomorrow, but one day   everything will be okay   thats a promise "
how is it that i drop my external (not the first time either) and it totally stops working?  can anyone help me?
sometimes   i wonder   
i want to close my eyes and dream of butterflies   even though its dark and and i'm afraid   
some people just really piss me off 
dinner then dress rehersal   hopefully we will be done early 
just got back from a pretty epic concert
bluepineappleberry
its snowing   i was content with all the sun the last like two weeks and now it dumps on us   and on honor band weekend   lovely 
crazy adventure with <propfemale>!
we are so dumb
ooooh   i wish it was spring already   
had quite the night last night at carnival   quite interesting   
havent heard anything about an ra position   but aparently a lot of people have heard   oh boy   
its rather hard to conduct with an arm covered in icyhot   
"still has not gotten an email or call about an ra position   really dont think i got it   guess im gonna fill out a room draw application, since its due tomorrow "
didn't get an ra position   thats ok though   today seems to be a really sleepy day   i have my wrist on ice   and two essays due   this shall prove to be an interesting two days   
damn stairs making me fall on my bad hand   definantely going to be in a wrist brace now   fan-bloody-tastic 
thank goodness for spring break!!!!!
well   i probably have tendonitis   doesnt that sound wonderful? uhg 
how can i follow my heart when it's waiting around for the rest of me to make the decision?
i love new music    love 
freaking internet   it can kiss my arse
i never realized how much i use the internet for day to day things until now that it is being freaking retarded!
can anyone help me figure out whats wrong with my internet?
"got my internet working finally   ran two different anti-virus programs only to quarantine something that came with the computer   oh well, at least i can do and turn in homework now   wooo   "
i love when class gets cancelled    smile 
is getting really excited for next year and the aparment my future roomie and i are going to have!
this is some <propmale> sh*t   i hate this so very much 
at my dad's for the weekend   got to watch my brother <propfirst> westle at regionals   he placed 5th and gets to go to the state competition next week 
bah!  there are no words to describe what i am feeling right now 
i hate that i hurt so much   it just makes me want to chop my freaking arms off   i can hardly play a whole song before i am throbbing in one or both arms 
made dinner with <propfemale> mcgeorge for the first time   we made homemade <propmale> and cheese and a <propfemale> pie at <propfirst> amsberry's house   fun times    smile 
has decided that a swollen wrist sucks   especially when you are a percussionist   
just got a free massage!  hellz yeah!
i did the macarena with a monster in my car because the voices told me to 
this is turning into something a lot bigger than i thought   
uhg   i hate april fools day   
why is it that all of a sudden they all treat me like sh*t?
how can two people make you hate something you love?
well yesterday was a little too stressful for my liking
"well, unfortunately for some peoples' liking, its official   i am no longer a music <propmale>   i turned my paperwork in today "
going to the chiropractor today 
never knew how out of alinement i was   hmmm   
i feel so old   uhg
snow?  i was going to be ok with rain   but snow?  wtf?
just got back from performing with the flutes in the flute choir concert   nice job flutes!
gonna take a nap   and then   i donno   
really wanted to sleep in until 10ish today   but waking up to the sun is alright too 
bored   
well that was interesting   
"yesterday, a teacher came up to me and said, \your smiling!  i haven't seen you smile like that in a long time!\""  i wonder if they ever considered how pissed off they had made me   """
what is musical excellence to you?
project   what could i say about musical excellence?  other than what i think and what other people think?  hmmm   what is musical excellence to you?
just did a mass casualty in my first responder class   we hade 23 victims and for only 15 of us i think we did pretty fantastic 
and so it begins 
home!  already back from my chiropractor appointment too!
i hope juries went well for all you western people!
sleep time! in my own bed    smile 
i wish everything in gunnison was as green as it is here at home 
"spent the evening with <propfemale>   after a day of doing homework, it was fantastic   starbucks, a game of chess, and a movie   what a good evening "
ok i need opinions from college students now   what does musical excellence mean to you?
with 4 days left of classes and then 4 days of finals plus one day for graduation   i think i am a little overwhelmed   
its amazing what one little phone call can do to a person    smile 
"today   macgamut, breakfast, piano, homework, theory lab (so long as i dont get a talk about macgamut it will be ok), study, lunch, final in my emergency response class, ventilations, homework, band, dinner, writting center, homework, shower, homework, bed   woo   "
just go an 81% on my emergency responder final!  that means i am officially a first responder!  woo!
gonna try and crank out an essay tonight so i have the rest of the week weekend to finish my other essay   woo!
amazing how a 6 <propfemale> essay can turn into a 9 <propfemale> essay in about an hour and a half   especially when about half an hour was devoted to research   im pretty proud of it   now to get started on that 10 <propfemale> honors paper   uhg
i think i am finally done with my musical excellence project   thanks to everyone i interviewed!  if you want a copy or something let me know!
time to get crack-a-lackin with the packin!
well my parents just left and took my only source of entertainment besides my computer   my room is rather empty   i forgot how big it was   ah well 5 1 2 days left!
damn you procrastination! 3 pgs plus four lines down   7 pgs minus 4 lines to go  lurvly 
hoping i can get all of my english essay done before bed as well as most (if not all) my honors paper done   i may just have to leave my honors paper for the morning   uhg 
damn hiccups 
the one final i was actually going to study for is tomorrow   and i havent studied   haha go me! time to cram 
"just got my certifications for emergency response, cpr aed for professional rescuers and healthcare providers, administering emergency oxygen, and bloodborne pathogens training!  im a professional!"
i wanna be in the middle!
wants to be out of gunni but have to wait another 25 hours   uhg
home for the summer!
awesome job fmhs bands!!!!
"\believe with all your heart that you will do what you were made to do \""\",e88cc20048787a0c6123921380ab7159,"two grad parties, sober grad, and finishing off the night with a two hour conversation in my car with my brother   good day "
just applied at target   anyone know any other places that are hiring?
congrats to anyone who is graduating this week!  extra congrats to my friends at fruita!
"dear graduates annoyed there are just a few things to remember as you take the journey into a new chapter in your life annoyed you are educated  your certification is in your degree  you may think of it as the ticket to the good life  let me ask you to think of an alternative  think of it as your ticket to change the world  -<propmale> brokaw \as you go forth: be careful, make a difference for the better and, have one heck of a time!"
uhg   car troubles   i knew that leak wasnt just the ac   
house sitting   not too horrible   plus its money for a bit
"lord of the rings, twizzlers, and soda   sounds like a pretty alright night "
"just turned in 5 job applications, checked on 2, and going to do about 4 more   guess someone needs a job   or two   uhg "
huuuaaaaahhgggggg      too many emotions right now   
arg   i just did an entire application to verizon only to find out that i have to be bilingual in spanish   well that bites 
good evening with <propfemale>   preparing for relay tomorrow!  now to think of a costume   
"relay for life was last night   much fun   somethings learned, somethings remembered, but all in all, lots of good times   and now its time for me to sleep   (been awake for about 22 hours now   but thats the fun part)"
tired   couldnt sleep last night  uhg
interview tomorrow with fucco motor!  hopefully i get at least one of the two jobs there   if not both    smile 
yes!  i have a job   finally!
interview on friday with wal-mart   hopefully i will get a job there too    smile 
"two interviews with wal-mart today   rather successful   looked at who knows how many yard sales today for a table, chairs, and a bed   fail   today anyways  moved an entire tree with my brother   painful but successful  work starts tomorrow    smile "
"who knew washing cars, sweeping, and mopping could take it out of you   i guess it makes sense when you do an hour of work in 15-20 mins   sigh   im beat and going to bed "
"i hate when i want to say something to someone just because i miss them and when i think about what i want to say, it turns out stupid or doesnt get an answer  sigh "
good party   i wish mine had been like that two years ago   great job andréa!
work today was pretty good  slow day today   i only washed a car and a half  and dried one 
spent the entire day with my mom and <propfemale> waters   went to i dont know how many yard sales   i am almost set for my apartment come fall   just a few more little small things left to get    smile 
one week left of being a teenager   wow 
two and a half days 
i am now 20 years old   two decades   no longer a teenager   weird   sorta 
good birthday  got an ipod touch  anybody know any good apps?
thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes 
got a job at mcdonald's  i start training tomorrow   realy pleased i have two jobs 
bored out of my mind   
this was one of the most boring weeks ever  there is only so much one can do  luckily i start work at mcdonalds tomorrow!
just finished my first day at mcdonald's  not to bad in my opinion 
long day at work today  glad i only work 3 hours tomorrow 
is there a way to fix sound on a movie?
"today, a salesman made me redo the windsheild on a car twice, in the sun  then he stole my glass cleaner to do the sun roof (i was too short to reach even when standing on the step rail on the car)  this caused me to be behind on my next car, making me rush which, caused the boss to come pick the car up & in my haste to finish the car so he could take it, i slipped & fell, almost on my face, in front of the boss "
i never realized how hard it is to have two jobs and house sit three houses all at the same time   luckily i will only have two houses after tonight 
feaking mcdonald's managers  one more day   uhg 
got a new phone! leaving for gunnison early in the morning  excited to start the new school year 
in gunnison  almost done unpacking all my stuff  pics up soonish 
just watched the start of the bike race   i got some of it recoreded and some pictures   they will be up shortly!
survived my first week of classes   still trying to get the apartment set up so i can post pics   hopefully i will be done this weekend 
i am putting 397 songs on my ipod   now all i need is my other 1000 songs and i will be the happiest person ever 
they really need to put lights between the construction and moffat   too many creepers can hide there 
"can't sleep   i can hear the people above me walking around, people outside are talking and my arm hurts for some reason   uhg "
the price of food really makes me wish i had time for another job 
cleaning my room   parents and jesus are coming tomorrow   smile 
having a problem with technology   someone want to help?
it looks like a score threw up all over my room    smile 
"i hate when 15 mins before i leave for class, i realize that i had 5 discussion questions to answer, typed  so i hurry to get them done  then i fail to realize that it is raining outside  poop "
"i had a dream last night that it was the zombie apocalypse   for some reason everyone was hiding in a gym at some school but i had a safe house that i was trying to get to   i guess it wasnt too horrible   except the fact that people were turning into zombies left and right   and the fact that i dont usually dream, or remember them anyways "
awesome concert by the recycled percussion group 
i have 4 tests this week   one almost every day   poop 
on this day in 2009 i was going on my tenth day in a row of being sick   that happened to be the time i was sick until like dec jan   and my section gave me cough drops as a gift in marching band   i loved that marching band year 
"so i opened a book just now to study for one of two tests that i have tomorrow  i have already had two tests this week  anyways i open to this <propfemale>, and there is this diagram on the <propfemale> that i <propfirst> on my test that i took on monday  no i wasn't studying from the wrong book  i <propfirst> a diagram on this test that was from the wrong class  sucky part is, while i got the wrong answer for sure, both classes were covering the same material  and i probably won't get credit "
everyone seems to hate the new format of fb but i cant decided 
does anyone have a really good picture of a front ensemble?
peaches on a relaxing night   awesome 
oh dear   
uhg
"bored whilst doing hw and finding names for my new fish  no one will get this right!! my middle name _______, my age ____, my favorite soda ______, my birthday ______, my best friend_____, my favorite color(s) _____, my eye color _____, my natural hair color ____, my favorite song _____, my food ____, my mom name _____ "
i think something is missing   
"\it's not raining that hard i can walk to class   \"" two minutes later    \""holy crap! f****** rain!\"" i just got half my shower from the rain  and now i'm sitting on class with a wet butt  great """
anyone going to be at the cmu vs western state vollyball game on friday?
so i guess gunnison is supposed to get something like 13 in  of snow this weekend   i guess i am glad i will be in junction 
freaking movie project   its times like this when i miss my vegas program   
"for the first freaking time this semester, i go to bed by 11  and what happens? the freaking fire alarms go off  stop freaking cooking at two in the morning! uhg "
good luck today at qualifier fmhs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
great job fruita!!!! 74 35 at qualifier!
every day i'm shufflin'
i hate labs 
worst freaking day ever!  and its still not over   uhg 
i dont like getting two tests back in one day   
fmhs marching band- much luck on your state journey this weekend   go kick some butt!
i hate studying  uhg 
"dear fmhs marching band, awesome job this weekend at state!  you guys are awesome!!"
so i think one of the owls that <propfemale> around campus is outside my window   it keeps shrieking   cool yet annoying at the same time 
one very good weekend 
3rd great night in a row with <propmale> and <propfemale>  ready for one more tomorrow!
"\there is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it \"""""
apparently class was canceled today and i forgot   i just wasted twenty minutes of my day    playful 
signing up for classes   yey for   gen eds   ?
id say there is about 4 inches of snow on the ground right now   yey for the first good snow of the year   ?
you know   i never thought someone would actually steal something i wrote   but it has happened   and i am not very happy 
"sooo   my bed totally just broke   and being that it's almost two in the morning, no one in gunnison is awake  now i have to figure out how to put it together for at least one night till i can get help in tomorrow  what a great freaking day "
i'm sick of being mad all the time  anyone have any good stress relieving tips?
well this royally sucks some <propmale> @$$
freaking fantastic   
