03a476381df04d9a122a5e3e545962f0
i saw 9 the other day   it's awesome   go see it 
going through a self-identity crisis  i need a new nickname   anyone have a good one?
school is finally out!!! i've been going insane   i can have a social life again!
"i can't call out, send or receive texts   so if you need to get ahold of me, just call       i know, right - who uses their phone to \talk\"" anymore?"""
is feelin' good after his workout and subway sandwich!
yay!
"hot  fish soaring between 8,000 or 3 monacles belonging to a person like a  monkey named <propmale> <propmale> each other   for sweat is the rain that dwindles like a  clock"
brennan is stinky bistros are on that note delete that have listened and uni undo although she remembers those that row of data was the elements and stop listening
& 2xspeech  to ext is 8we
is (insert quirky remark here) 
"new haircut, any thoughts?"
 
is on break! one week of freedom!
"here's an open, general question for you attractive ladies  as applies to online dating sites:  based on the assumption that you're a member of some dating site, joined with the fact that you're attractive, i'll bet you get bombarded by a ton of guys, right?"
sleeeeeeep 
i got hailed on today  hail the size of grapes  large grapes 
i just want to bang on my drum all day 
"hot\  fish soaring between 8,000 or 3 monacles belonging to a person like a \ monkey named <propmale> <propmale> each other   for sweat is the rain that \dwindles like a  clock"
pretend like i just posted the most amazing and or hilarious status update:
facebook is such a waste of time      yet here i am   sad 
"i didn't think it would hurt so bad, but it feels like that moment of panic just before you hit the ground in one of those dreams     "
so i chased down a 3 legged coyote today at an old folks home 
hates awkward first dates!
"\you've probably already noticed that i have incredibly blue eyes    \"""""
"halló, íslenskir vinir! ég á nýjan eðla  hann er chameleon og ég vil að hann heitir einhvern íslenskan nafn  uppástungar?"
people turn into wild beasts on black friday! got what i wanted   smile 
"one of these days, ladies, one of these days     "
cold cold cold  in phoenix
is going to reinvent himself cuz he's tired of who he is   
arrrgghhhh! i wish rendering 1080p didn't take so @#$% long!
"well, there goes 1yr and 8months down effin drain    "
"want to grow his hair, or cut it    thoughts?"
"is on a creedence clearwater revival binge  thanks, <propfemale>!"
svifnökkvinn minn er fullur af álum!
a spontaneous person should come over and watch this cool indie film with me  you won't regret it  (preferably female)
"ok facebookers, i need to make a decision  yes? or no?"
"faux-hawk, or no-hawk? (see my wall photos)"
no habla espanol 
indoor rock-climbing gym  friday night  anyone interested?
"people poop    \-adjective   noun   or\-noun   verb?"
"i often dream,\of dinosaurs, \and other things "
finals week     how did you get here so fast?!
"come one, come all! going to see rango tonight at 8:20! text me for directions and invite your friends!"
"come one, come all! going to see rango tonight at 8:20! text me for directions and invite your friends!"
just saw rango with binni and my pals  thanks to everyone who came! it was a great movie!
just got to the grand canyon  can't see a darn thing 
