ded2248e0ca0b2172fa8c3398b10f25c
u da fuckin best
<propmale> shakoor is my idle
why do people go to weddings? people go to weddings because they want to believe their in the presence of true love  what's true love? true love is the soul's recognition of its counter-point in another 
i was a terror since the public school <propfemale>
is the scrabble <propmale> holla at me
"is the scrabble <propmale>, holla at me"
"<propfemale> has facebook, what is the world comin to?"
is officially a senior!
a-yo
"beer pong tourney tonight, i'm comin up on the loot this time bitchhhheesss"
hopefully u already know where i'll be at tonight
just got an intern offer in d c  for next spring!!!
n everytime i think of stayin wit her she bring that friend round that make nicka reconsider
gettin my tiger woods on
is in <propmale> trick
"is headed to <propmale> for a meeting with the director of the d c  program, ehhhh wish me luck!"
lol smiley face
may the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows   
so i just accepted a friend request from someone with the name <propmale> amanatides how freakin weird is that!!
grindin   
all i see are snakes n fakes
party party party let's all get wasted
call me <propfirst> 4th quarter in 92
knew they wouldn't be able to hold me down in ff for much longer
is sippin on some syzurp
"u gon have another drink or u just gon babysit, on to the next one somebody call the waitress"
school and the weather make me wanna vomit
has his drink and his two-step
i am on a 24 hour champagne diet spillin while im sippin i encourage u to try it
4 0 this semester   whatchu know bout that
"its been 4 years with out you, 4 years since i didnt know what to do, but just know on this christmas grandma i'll be thinking of you  sad "
doin work son
this semester over yet?
my room is the g-spot call me mr  flinstone i can make your bed rock
estu<propfemale>ndo espanol todo <propfemale> hasta mi examen
i got my drink n my two step   
"couple of advil, relax and chill, at a stand still with how bad i feel   i think i need to smell fresh air so i stepped out the back door and fell down the stairs   "
"yo, you can't think you gonna be cheatin and the girl aint gonna cheat   just like you cheat they can cheat   i'm just sayin, you a fool if you think girls don't cheat"
tiger tiger tiger woods ya'll   knockin the rust off at the links on this beautiful day
"obama i see you, keep doing your thing <propmale> the true democrats got your back!!"
"its my birthday, i mean com-on u already know     smile "
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!
just call me mr  orgasm n if ya come with me i guarantee ya gonna have one    smile 
sometimes people just do not realize what they say
golf is an e playful ensive addiction that i cannot get enough of
<propfirst> <propmale> should not be allowed to shoot outside of the three point line
"they say you can't turn a bad girl good, but once a good girl's goin bad, she's gone forever   i'll mourn forever   shit i gotta live with the fact i did you wrong forever"
buried in school work   see you next weekend civilization
"in vegas for the next week, wish me luck!"
gettin some work in @ the ball field after this long layoff   
macbook is my savior
four undergrad classes left!!
life is a beach and i'm just playin in the sand
tailgating in <propmale> for the browns game with family and friends @ 7am!!
studying my life away for the next week or so   
"application for may, 2011 graduation=approved"
gettin looooossseeeee in my beer bottle getup
"thanksgiving is good, beer is great, <propfemale> arbor is a whore, and <propmale> is a saint"
recovering from a crazy weekend    
is studying for his last finals as an undergrad  smile 
so you mean to tell me that if you're a prominent college athlete you're not allowed to sell your own possessions?
"if you at the bar and the bartender gave you a drink with a straw in it, you  ordered the wrong drink"
"perseverance- steady persistence in a course of action, a purpose, a state, etc  especially in spite of difficulties, obstacles, or discouragement   finishing up packing then off to washington in the morning for a life changing e playful erience   "
"i'm officially a resident of silver spring, maryland   big things are most certainly going down in the next 3 to 4 months"
i miss her   
"another day another dollar it's about gettin' money, now you can give me holla my nose runny, i been out in the cold hustlin' for so long my hands numb but bet i feel that paper hit my palm   "
well how the hell'd you get the beans above the <propfirst>?!
beeb's here  smile 
"getting pounded by snow down here, did the snow follow us from ohio or what?!"
my first official status update from my new iphone  smile 
out and about with wpni's finest!
"the difficulties in life shape who we are   without them, we achieve far less than we're capable of achieving \                              -written with <propfemale> in mind"
so glad i don't have to deal with the horrendous weather in ohio    i'll take rain instead  smile 
just another day at the office
"so next time you see the homie and his rims spin, just know my mind is workin just like them   rims that is"
going into the west wing of the white house tonight  smile 
is highly disappointed that he see's so many people from northeast ohio rooting for the steeler's tonight!!!
watching gummo
getting ready then picking up tay from the airport  smile 
beeb is taking over the status  beeb 2 is the bestest and i love her very much   smile 
currently 68 and <propfemale> in silver spring  smile 
"coming home tomorrow till monday, get ahold of me if you'd like to get together!"
some much needed time with family and friends tonight!
pooped after a very exciting day at the cia  smile 
heading out to a briefing with u s  supreme court justice <propfirst> breyer  smile 
work then <propfemale>'s coming  smile  smile 
let the good times roll and the bottles keep comin   
doin' big things in 2011   
thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone!!
"thinks snow should be banned from april 1st onward   and no mother nature, it's not a funny april fools joke"
paper writing is overrated
