d735ed5785dc727679757181b790f2b0
just got back from watchin avatar    good movie but really long!!
is eating cookie dough!!!!
needs to find out if some crap she heard is true or not
wishes this week was soooo over!!!!!!
"really needs to get st<propmale>ed on her <propmale> thing! wink ("
cant wait 4 fall break!! 2 more days!!
loves the smell of rain!!  smile 
had 2 get up wayyy to early 2day!!!
hey who no's if paranormal activity is good??
"is hungry, tired, and confused"
last day of school!!!  laugh  had a pretty good day  except for getting put in the dang trashcan in art   lol have 2 admit it was pretty funny though
so apparently people think im most likely to go to jail for destruction of property wtf!! lol
"always wondered why there called rufilin   i meen why not call em floories, instead of rufies , your more likely to end up on the floor than the roof!! lol hangover's freakin hilarious"
getting a massage feels sooo amazing!!!  smile  but everything else 2day been pretty sucky!!
hmmm just woke up     but i think i coulda slept a couple more hours!!!
i absolutely hate wednesdays!!!
wasnt 2 bad 4 a monday   already wishin it was friday   and it was summer already!!  smile 
"f-r-e-e that spells free, free credit report com baby!!haha its been stuck in my head all freakin day!!  smile "
bout 2 go watch the thundering herd vs the bull dogs in forgan!!  smile  should b fun!!
just now decided 2 get up n outa bed!!  smile 
really wishes it was friday already    had a pretty good week so far   but i cant wait 2 sleep till 12 again lol
dude no school!!!    but i still got up and got dressed 4 nothin   oh well back 2 bed!! smile 
good day 4 a monday!!   cant wait 4 summer!!  we need 2 come up with somthing awesome 2 do this summer!!haha smile 
no school!! smile    love it now but gonna hate when we gotta make em up  sad 
~happy <propfirst>'s day!!~  love 
's  bout 2 go c crazies!! smile  hope its good!!lol
lazy day! smile   gettng ready to go c bounty <propmale>!! <propfemale> not ready 4 school tomorrow! sad 
gots 28 days till summer fun begins!! smile ready to get crazy!!haha
is up wayyy way to early on a saturady sad     so u ya'll better b happy cuz im doin it just 4 u guys!! smile also kinda sad that i wont b seeing him 4 awhile   
had a good day  went 2 c the backup plan with my momma smile  it was funny but a lil goofy at times   please remind to never have a back up plan like that haha smile 
"heading to the power plant 2 take my daddy some yummy pizza,cupcakes,and some ice cream(= happy birthday dad!!"
summer 2010 here i come!!! time for those hot lazy summer days!!(=
"'s first quinceanera!! a very good night!! everybody did an awesome job!!+ my dress stayed up,no falling on my face, and my hair stayed in place!!(="
just getting ready 2 leave the           lake(=  
"going to texas, wont be back looking the same annoyed "
headin 2 the pancake house!(=  but oh so sleepy  
<propfemale> when you go 2 the carwash  make sure the windows are all the way up haha(=
"hmm i like it on the backseat floor and on\ the kitchen table(;"
"-went to the haunted house- (with lucero & alondra) \it was really good haha me and lucero only screamed bout 95 percent of the time and i only pushed alondra once(="
had fun at the conference in hugoton  i started out feelin kinda nervous but it ended up being a great day  new favorite game annoyed hips and sailors(=  but got a few new bruises by the end of the day
worked concession stand(= had a blast with my go 2 girl  ohh and my husband 2!! bonus was free yummy food smile 
"f r i e n d s  : (f)ight for you  (r)espect you  (i)nvolve you  (e)ncourage you \(n)eed you  (d)eserve you and (s)tand by you   post this if you agree!"
"and the warden sang\come on somebody\why don't you run\ol' red's itchin' to have a little fun\get my lantern\get my gun\red'll have you treed before the mornin' comes smile "
trackmeet tomorrow  hmm guess its time to see if i can still run! wink  good thing i aint e playful ecting much this time lol
pretty sure iv got a psychotic add dog oh well i still love her(;
