b4b9098f90abdb971fe5339eb2afb65f
?????????                   
"dude, theres thunder and im scared!  annoyed  ahhh"
today gonna be great   smile 
today is gonna be great   smile 
new episode of glee tonight! yay!  smile 
wow this week went by pretty fast    sad 
ehhh school tommarro  playful 
ehh im sick playful 
omg im hecka sick=[
ughh tommarro i have my math and goverment final! bleh!
im so stuck on this essay question   ughhh!
i want to go play that piccolo again 
music music and more music     =p
slappin the bass mon  playful 
just finish my fasfa yay!! smile 
ughh not ready for school tommarro   bleh!
got my progress report in    really a freakin c for choir ugh!    
lots of math homework and the presentation for wilkins class     ehhhhhh =p
i really should be doin my hw  annoyed 
i'm sleepy nite nite
"wow, today went by slow =p"
ughhh the game is tommarro    i hope its the last one  hate playing in that stinky gym  =p
"wow, we played really good today   laugh dd"
omg! the presentation is on wednesday   im so nervous!!!=p
cooking cupcakes for presitation
well the cupcaks  done  n now i need to study for math test tommarro=p      ughh im soooo tired!
"nervous for tommarro, but im glad im not doin the presentation by myself  =p"
"well i'm glad the presentation over with, i can finally breathe   smile "
"wow, it's a beautiful day but i have nothin to do!=p"
"gosh,   i feel really bad now   crying "
designing those band t-shirts but i cant find any good art =}
can't wait for this friday at chico state     oh gosh we better sound good  playful 
"omg, this can't be happing to me   annoyed "
trying to get that bass part down for that one song=p
"overall i think we played aright today at the cmea's   laugh    man, what a long day "
i really hope i can get my part down for this friday's cmeas ehhh
hey does anyone know if tommarro is a minium day? smile 
"can't decided wether to go to cmeas again this friday or orientation       this is hard,,,damn  playful "
got a hair cut today smile 
cmea's this firday    again   smile  yay 
i wonder how fridays gonna turn out? playful 
cmeas tommarro! yay!    i'm gonna suck at that bass run   hopefully not smile 
omg oh well   that sucks!!!
"man, when i finally build up the guts to play the solo    i forget my cord at school  that sucks!! oh well,,,i had fun today  smile "
i feel like baking something but    i don't know what??  annoyed 
enjoying my nice cup of hot chocolate mmmm yummy  smile 
ehh im sleepy but i have a lot of homework wahhhhh!!!!  sad 
can't believe it    but i'm not suprised     that was messed up   playful 
finishing my hw  blah =}
this is some nasty weather  ugh  i hope we go to the movies tommarro though  laugh 
mmmm the smell of pancakes on a sunday morning  lol  smile 
man i think i'm gettin sick    ugh   playful 
ouchy my back hurts   annoyed 
woohoo back to school tommarro  annoyed     
trying to learn the pastoral symphony  omg its hard   annoyed 
i had a good day today   smile 
i got lots of cleaning to do today  eh =}
i want to do the college options scholarship but its so much writing    =p
woot!! tommarro is friday!!! yeah yeah yeah!!! lol
had a good day today  smile 
i'm so confused about how i feel now  annoyed 
"okay i'm bored         =p\\like my status and i will tell you annoyed 1  how we met \2  my first impression of you \3  what i like about you \4  my favorite memory of you \5  but if you like this status you must put this as yours so i can like it too "
can't wait for the spring concert!!!  smile 
omg! my interview is tomorrow!!! annoyed     what should i wear?
well i got a 95 100 on my interview  its all good!  smile 
"man, i don't know whether to do that solo or not at the concert, these nerves are overcoming me  ehhhh  annoyed "
really excited for friday     my last concert   laugh dd it will be awesome!!!
tommarro is the big day smile      come to the cuhs spring concert tommarro people at 7 surprise 0 pm  smile 
last night was so awesome!!!!!! defiantly a night to remember  smile   love 
"two more weeks of left, i'm excited for this wednesday   laugh dd"
senior trip tomorrow   yeahz!!!  laugh dd
"it kinda sucks that i didn't go on the senior trip but i'm glad i'm not over there because its raining  getting my hair done tho, yeahz!!! laugh d"
got to study for finals    =p ehhhh
well just finished my first final    3 more to go   annoyed 
"well i just have one more final left, and i graduate next friday, omg!  laugh dd"
"i think my <propfemale> is on something, because it wont calm the heck down! =p"
"well, i meet a new monroy today  and he's not my cousin, turns out we where in the same second grade class  how werid "
got to study study study  for my last final  i hope we don't have a final for music =p
i'm graduating this friday!!!  laugh dd omg!
"wow that was long awards ceremony, congrats everyone   laugh "
omg! tomorrow is the big day  i'm going to be bawling  ='( woot! go class of 2011!!!  laugh d
go class of 2011!! laugh 
graduated!!! laugh dd      but now i'm sick from sober grad last night  it was awesome!!! =
"really sick, it sucks being sick right after graduation  wheres the fun in that?  annoyed "
feeling a little better   smile 
finally!! a beautiful day   smile 
finally cried today  ugh this sucks  =p
omg! i finally got called in for a job interview for the head start center! -----> laugh dd <------
what to do    ??? =}
