25cd5e16051ec647c9ad206cdfd9390d
"thinks that not every day is a <propfemale> day, some days you're the pigeon and some days you're the statue "
cant wait to go to work tomorrow!!!  annoyed  but i get paid on friday  smile  but its gonna be freakin hot outside! > sad  oh well    
had a productive day for a change  time to put it to an end and do it again tomorrow today
loves his webcam and skype  makes long distance alot easier  smile 
now understands why the computer next to that dude was open! that negro was funky!!! =x
is at the library studyin for the micro exam next tuesday  wait! carlos    studying early???
is happy class was cancelled! i wish i would have known ahead of time so i could get that extra hour of sleep     oh well
today would have been my grandma's 75th birthday + 20 years of battling breast cancer   you deserve some rest  rest in peace
just finished my paper  what can i say   im a last minute perfectionist lol
is in the library once again    yeah its 2 in the morning   and??
"just got a craving for some mexican food, but i dont think taco <propfemale> will do it for me this time"
   ughh   out of all the computers available in the library why does the stinky lady have to sit right next to me???
"is appauled! this dude completely violated the bathroom urinal rule, he even touched my shoe!!! its every other one and that other urinal was definitely open!"
"    well a 93 on the government test is cool, but i would love to see that kind of grade in micro"
"made it to school in 32 <propfemale> today, thats a new personal best! i would like to thank god for keeping me safe, the chevy pit crew, and thanks to all the cops for staying out my way!!!"
is about to go smash this government final right quick!
     government massacred    zoology smashed    english destroyed    who's next?? micro! =0   uhh please be gentle   
"to read the stupid story or not to read the stupid story       ehhhh forget it, where's the summary?!"
i keep this his word in me so i'm shinin' all the time!
"is appauled!!! this lil old man in the locker room went by the sinks in his tighty whities, dropped his underwear and lotioned his butt and his     uhhh ya"
i have no idea what celebrity i look like  suggestions anyone??
you're the pilot of an airplane that travels from new york to chicago - a distance of 800 <propmale>  the plane travels at 200 mph and makes one stop for 30 minutes  what is the pilot's name?
92-94-93       big woman or awesome test grades???
that benedryl is kickin in hard        goodnight
stay at ut arington or go to uh clear lake??? hmmm       
i can't find my lucky pencil and my test starts in 16 <propfemale>  sad 
come on down! you're the next contestant on the price is right!!
public service announcement: i know its warm outside and ppl are starting to wear open toe shoes  please make sure to wash your feet lotion them regularly! thank you and have a nice day
"lmbo! dude i saw you try to \discretely\"" shake that wedgie out!! i aint mad at you though"""
"by your powers combined, i am captain planet!"
"is in love with the new 5 gum react!!! it sends chills down my spine, try it!  smile "
"ya, i almost tripped and fell on my face, but when i kept on walking like nothing happened i wasnt tryna play it off i just dont care =p"
lmbo! that big lady fell spinning the wheel on price is right
is going to jail      i just murdered another exercise science test with my 98  see yall when i get out =p
wait how in the world did i end up at a workshop for mime??? if it's god's will i'll just say       yes!!!
"laugh if you want, but im proud to be a mama's boy!!!"
they're magically delicious!
ever turn the ceiling fan on high and try to follow 1 of the blades       yep doin that till i fall asleep
"not every day is a <propfemale> day, some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the statue    "
well   got a biostat final in the morning  i guess i'll start studying  annoyed 
so what's the difference between hashbrowns and tator tots??
is waiting to take this freakin ochem lab final so i can get outta here! then it's goodbye to uta forever muahahahahaha!!!!!
somebody just try to keep me from thanking god!!! all a's this semester =o
why is there a baby car seat in the back of that school bus???
think ima go to the gym for a lil while      ya sounds like a good idea
went in to <propmale> <propfemale> for an application and came out with 2 shirts      smh  i shouldnt try to work there
is about to go slap everybody at heb cuz this watermelon right here is off da chain!!!
"i really feel like we ministered today through mime  with all the applause, all the encouragement, and all the love shown to us  most of them dont even know my name but as long as they see the god in me and my love for him that's just fine with me     smile "
"i need to make a public service announcement! guys (and girls) riding motorcycles, i know its hot out here and you dont want to wear those hot jackets and that's cool  but you know your shirt flies up so if your back is nasty, hairy, pimplely, saggy, or all of the above please please please tuck your shirt in!!! thank you and ride safely"
there's gonna be a hangover 2??? yes!!!!!!
"public service announcement: this is for parents    if your child is able to unzip or unbuckle the diaper bag, find the package of diapers, hand one to you, and communicate that they are in need of a diaper change     it may be time to start potty training!!!\thank you and good luck"
just learned how to make salmon croquettes! its on now  smile 
saved a life today by giving blood  all in a days work  smile 
"is taking intro to psychology online  it's cool not having to go in, but for someone who's never been great with time management this could be a disaster =0"
"so i go to get a new battery, thinkin its gonna be free under warranty  that thing cost $155 when i only had $120! but god sent a lil old lady named mrs  <propfemale> smith to the dealership, and she paid it all for me bc she said she could tell i was a nice young man  somebody try to tell me god dont take care of his children!!! praise him!!!!!!!"
i wish i had a belt to whip the parent of this lil girl runnin around in the bank like its a playground and they talkin loud on the phone while rockin a crying baby! get your kid lady!
just finished grillin some fajitas for my ladies  smile 
"it's hard sleeping with this weight on my chest night after night, and trying to lift it off will leave me weak and vulnerable  but i guess the peace of mind is worth a few potential broken ribs"
"i won't be there for sex in the city at bible way tomorrow night     but between my front row buddies natandra mcgill  <propfemale> <propfirst>, and <propfemale> <propmale> i e playful ect good notes!"
"ughh, this the kinda heat that make people just walk around lookin pissed off! i swear i just saw the devil at sonic gettin a route 44 oz slushy!!!"
"on my way back home from <propfirst>  buf i swear some of these ppl on the road bout to bring the \houston\"" out of me!!!"""
enjoys remembering something funny and cracking up! i slay me lol
double decker pb & j and a tall wet glass of ice cold milk with 1 ice cube after a great work out            laugh 
ha! my lil sis is driving me around         and she's not half bad
"got the new trip lee-\between two worlds\""          fire! cant wait for lecrae's new one to drop at the end of the month!"""
was just strangled by this dude's foul breath! i couldnt breathe!
"did i go by school supplies?? uhhh no, i still have some paper left in my notebook from last semester and a binder thats not falling apart yet  i'm good!"
just got back home from my plyo and ab workout      and i dont want to get out the car lol  i must have been posessed when i came up with that!
starting to really try to remember if i put my windows all the way up      i usually do      i hope i did     water is gonna rush out my door when i open it     i gotta pee     i dont want to run all the way out there durin my break just to see them up      ughh
"be ye transformed, not be ye affirmed! truth hurts but you got to make that change"
"public service announcement: good evening, it has come to my attention that the v-neck shirt is making a come back  however, if you (men and hopefully not women) choose to wear this style of shirt and your chest or back hair hangs outside of your shirt(!!!) please please please shave or reduce the amount of hair in that region! thank you and god bless"
"i work out with <propfirst> a  humphries and he is the greatest work out partner trainer i could ever ask for  i have become stronger, a little leaner, and i owe all future results to him"
"guys! especially when women and children are present, we need to do a better job of being discrete when we \adjust\"""""
there should probably be a height requirement for police officers and security guards       some ppl just arent that intimidating without a loaded gun aimed at you
"if yall see me on the news in a high speed <propmale> holding someone hostage, dont worry      i just want to ride the hov! traffic got ya boy desperate!"
anatomy = further proof that only an omnipotent and omniscient god created us because this stuff is complicated! evolution my gluteus!
sittin in class    i feel like <propfirst> brown listening to this professor right now   
"come on now ppl, ima need yall to chill out with the accidents on 45 in the morning! im not feelin this getting up earlier to be on time #mr snooze"
"its hard playing the \$ 00 click game\"" at the gas pump when each click is $1 37! #all-madden"""
"too many times we suffer as we wait for our situation to change, yet it may be the situation that is waiting for us to change! #gottagrow!"
