082caba7218c2fedac3335793789f6d8
"happy new year!! my resolution, try and live life  smile "
taking care of someone else's kid    best form of birth control lol  smile )
"so i'm sitting thinking \crap what am i going to do with the rest of my life\"" this sucks  annoyed """
ha lol i totally sat in the sun for like 10 mins and got a <propfemale> tan  smile 
yay prom dress finally!!! thanks <propfirst>
saturday morning   me: what the heck am i doing up??   oh right watchin the kid     guess i'll watch some teenage mutant ninja turtles with him  smile 
"omg!! relief, its over   lol"
"\freedom to be a round <propfemale> in a square hole \""- brave new world"""
graduated     finally!!
"hmm what to do with my summer?     watch <propfirst> the unicorn 1,2,3 repeatedly? yup probably  laugh "
"me - \my hearts are lumpy  sad     \""\",082caba7218c2fedac3335793789f6d8,yay goin to san <propfirst>    and i just found out there's a baby on the way!!
"when life gives you lemons     quickly run to the nearest store, sell them and buy yourself a dang soda   laugh "
    nothing like being around family to make you feel inadequate  annoyed 
in s a  still     brought some new shoes & two count that two new cds    awesome!!
yay on my way home!!
woot!! home at last  laugh 
"babysitting the kid, watching a random movie, and eating 2lbs of gummy bears life is good  smile "
"\this is today and everything else is yesterday's mashed potatoes\""  smile  new favorite line     not quite sure why"""
hmm   i think i need something to do grrr  
waiting   waiting for tomorrow   waiting for next week    waiting sucks  playful 
    goodnight facebook land    next time you see me i shall have a zune hd in hand lol
"new zune hd (check), new spring awakening cd  laugh  (check) butt loads of rain come and gone (check)    awesome!!"
i'm thinking today is a good day  smile     lookin forward to stuffing my face lol
yay! job interview next week    hope i get  smile 
my brother is a freak     but surprisingly apple in tuna isn't that bad    go figure!
okay i think i have a new goal in life   it's gonna be epic!!
yay one more day and it'll be home sweet home!!! + hanging with friends hopefully  smile 
"dear sleep,\you have been sorely miss these past couple weeks    will you and brain please come back safely? and soon? (i kinda need both of you!) lol just kidding brain    i don't need you til my test  laugh "
   sometimes i wish i knew how to do something extraordinary and or special *sad day*
"\i don't say that i'm no better than anybody else    but i'll be dang'd if i ain't just as good \"" -oklahoma-   smile """
anyone want to <propfemale> out    i'm so bored!  laugh  (ps totally text me if ya do)
hahahah your facebook has been hacked <propfemale> but can u figure out who did it hahahah here ill give u a hint: rawwr!!!  smile 
hates when people assume she speaks spanish but yay got to use sign a little today at work    finally!!  smile 
oh wow!! thanks everyone for the awesome birthday wishes  laugh     i miss you guys!!
"\   it's so hot that the smell of my sweat is burning my nose hairs\""  \""     that's just nasty\""  \""what?! i'm tellin the truth  \"" gosh my brother is gross! lol"""
loves moment that make you almost pee your pants  love 
needs good ideas from now on   any suggestions are welcome
ahh    sleeping in my new apartment feels great!  smile 
man i can't wait til i'm old enough to feel ways about stuff
had the best day at the fair!!!!    i'll probably have a heart attack any minute now tho lol
gotta wake up in t-minus 5 hours     good night all you cool people in facebook land  smile 
it's funny how we never say  the couple words that mean the most to us  we just  go around and say goodbye  never really knowing why  or how  we got this way  
"dear sleepyness and or work, \go away ur not wanted here    at least not right now  laugh "
26 mins and counting!! i'm excited
"\another day  shows its face  i'm half awake  half in space  and if you told me i look beautiful well that would just be in poor taste     and if you told me i was wonderful i probably would wonder why\""  i  love  pomplamoose  smile """
you can tell by the state of my room that they let me out too soon    love 
"good-night, good-night  farewell, sleep tight  smile "
"i think today has to have been in my top 10 best days of my life, ever    loves my besties  love "
"\making up my mind is just so unfulfilling  what is there to find in the thoughts that i think  maybe i should try some sleep  or some weed  or some narcotics but then id regret it probably  so i'd rather make the right decision     \"""""
"i'm getting excited for christmas, we have a peanut and now we're complete  smile "
i gots my new acoustic guitar!!! me= happy camper  love 
thinks she needs a vacation from life    -_-
"\ain't it fun when your friends despise what you've become   ain't it fun when you know that you're gonna die young   such fun  \"""""
tennis at night in the cold good way to keep warm   nope good way to freeeze my face off lol
new cds in the mail my day just got better  smile 
sooo hungry    looking forward to some meatloafy goodness  love 
i want to be that one in a billionth person that lives to be 116+  yup that's my long term goal lol
"listenin' to glee, gunsnroses, and cold war kids   yeah best packing moving cleaning music ever  smile "
damn u walmart  you fail at life   playful 
"if i fall i fall, but i've learned how to pick myself back up, it might be slowly done, but i'll do it   i'm learning to be graceful just to avoid it all "
wish my bear hat wasn't at the new apt     then i could just tell everyone i was hibernating right now   smile 
"did they tell you, you should grow up\when you wanted to dream\did they warn you, better shape up\if you want to succeed\i don't know about you, who are they talking to?\they're not talking to me\i'm higher than high, lower than deep\i'm doing it wrong, singing along  love  -metric"
yay finally moved in!!!!  love  my cat's scared crapless tho lol
played pool  ate out i call this a successful day  smile 
neon trees + glee = fantastic!  smile 
i need a song to look up so i can learn on the guitar    any suggestion?
mass poke war begins now    muwhahaha  smile 
"like tragedies of irony we all look the part, but the comedy of sensibility we've all had to start praying before we sleep, looking before we leap   i want to live my own life  and just be     me  love "
"born this way, fucking perfect, rolling in the deep: songs i wish to master here soon  smile "
trial pair of contacts  hell yeahh  laugh 
\well, i've been afraid of changing\082caba7218c2fedac3335793789f6d8,wishes she had a cute iguana sidekick  smile  best <propmale> day with my <propfemale>  love 
"dear facebook, if i had a real life i don't think i'd need you anymore   relationships like ours are complicated    and oh yeah and i'm having an affair with the tv  \love <propfemale>  wink "
