d7b66eafba0f9302bcf05dac9f38dac0
is anyone planning to go to gap and watch fireworks tonight? i'm bringing champagne!
hey hey hey everybody!!! it's so cool to hear from everyone  i had no idea fb was so popular among the brooklyn huggy-bunch! yes i'm still working at the same place and on the same crappy-ass shift  so any weeknight happenings are still out of the question for me  but holla at me sometime anyway
"there are too many birthdays coming up in aquarius for us not to get together  ***<propfemale> mccoy***, why don't you already have something planned?!?!?!"
"damn it, why isn't anyone doing anything for our (my) birthdays?!?! don't you all remember that kick ass aquarius party we threw at <propfemale> nation? don't any of you realize the earth-shaking power we have when we get together and work as an aquarian team to save all mankind and fight evil   err   i mean get together to party?!?"
yay for snow days!!! cept for being snowed in without any food bit 
"if we are striving to live in a drug-free society, why is the first thing your doctor tells you is, \take this pill\""?"""
fuuuuuuucccck!!!!! i can't believe i have to move again!!!! omfg!!!! (had to write that here since i can't actually scream it out loud    
so are all you people that rsvp'd to <propfemale>'s tonight really going out in this storm? i'd hate to leave my warm bed and loungewear to get to an empty bar?
is still looking for an apartment! i fucking hate this shit!!!!
"hey y'all, my cel number is on my info <propfemale> and always will be cuz i  love  hearing from ya! no more excuses about not having my number"
"ok, i'm horribly bored so i'm starting a little poll \\who are your favorite tv parents and why?"
"thanks everyone! i hope you're all coming to the \one of many birthday celebrations for me \"" thingy with bribri on friday  i'm inviting you all even if he didn't """
i need a lawyer  2 lawyers actually  one for a labor dispute and an entertainment lawyer for my production company  if anyone knows of one or the other please message me?
