62658cef95ffc28d5c7c7a1553b82259
it is a double pleasure to deceive the deceiver 
a couple drinks  a couple aspirin  repeat 
whoa  i'm hearing voices 
vicodin isn't even helping 
iiiiiiiiiiii'm gonna take up knitting on my next day off  joyful 
your heart is my piñata 
i need to rebel against myself  it's the opposite of following your bliss  i need to do what i most fear 
you have got to be kidding me  pr? puhlease 
nooooooo  my vika manne is goneeeeeee  sad 
scarred for life 
2h in 42f 
<propfemale> batgirl 
half shinobi master ninja!
bhullar 
delay is the antidote for anger 
generation failure 
stay sane inside insanity 
is finally done ?
self hypnotism = bad idea
you're even better than i could have ever dreamed of 
embracing a whole new lifestyle ?
i need a fix 'cuz i'm going down 
stuck 
same situation under different circumstances 
out of control 
is now a raw foodist  joyful 
every master was once a disaster 
ridiculously disgusting day 
god damnit i can't die today! i have a <propmale> exam tomorrow! hello 1st official panic attack 
does not like her microsoft-loving family 
is getting plastered 
thanks for the birthday greetings everyone ?
maternity store next to the lingerie store 
guy on bus crapped himself  not sure if i'm gonna laugh or throw up  or both  i do know that this is the last bus i'll ever be in though 
taking my beautiful momma out for lunch  happy 46th mom i love you!
family's reminiscing about guam  oh guam i miss you 
"if you haven't yet, watch season 3 episode 2 of leverage: the reunion job  my boy <propfemale> bhullar's national television debut  should have done this an hour ago but i didn't wanna miss a second of it "
motivated  but needs inspiration 
guinisang sayote i need you right now 
"right eye, meet glycerin  my god this stings so bad  i want my momma  sad "
needs a being-an-older-sister handbook 
is a very angry driver 
all i need now is a yorkie and my life shall be complete 
"done, son!"
definitely not loving the new neighbors 
made out with an agar plate today  yummy 
"yay for more job offers! psychology, i always knew you and i were meant to be together "
"i like it on the carpet, but today i had it in the passenger seat of my car "
must crap always happen during the oh so important 24 hour period before a <propmale> exam? yep   
13 points higher than the class average  oh yeahhhh 
"brownies, chai, & anatomy ???"
sick  sad 
i really really really need to run 
"\sudoku was made to keep people like you from taking over the world \"""""
"tumor, rubor, calor & dolor "
i hate the fact that i'm such an unbelievably reliable person 
video games all day tomorrow with my super awesome bhullar!!
craving a volcano burrito 
? facetime for <propmale>!
ending a&p & micro has got to be one of the most depressing things i am about to go through  what am i gonna stress out about now?!  sad 
"my new class is sooooo zen  such intricate, beautifully detailed work, and it's all done by me  yay for anatomy geeks "
