c95d2cfadfab3936ac98234e52c27e7b
december is over and the freakin pokemon are still up 
anyone find it funny that taco <propfemale> is claiming you'll lose weight by eating there?
i'm so bored it's unbelievable 
"theres always that 1 kid that everyone knows all too well & they still try to act asif they can't be figured out so easily  the kid that lets their ego get bruised way too easily  everyone can call their next move, because they're that predictable &we all know its that same kid that won't ever change  they think their proving everyone else wrong, when their only trying to convince themselves it's not true "
ready for the weekend = ]
got my hair done today  smile 
"i'm tearing away, pieces are falling and i can't seem to make them stay "
"now if you would've waited one second,you wouldn't feel so second  the second i put you first,it made the situation worse "
i love having really bad allergy symptoms and having no idea what it is that i could possibly be allergic to  i feel awful 
phone whiped out my entire contact list  need everyone's <propfirst> again  
it's so crazy how it'd make my week just to hear them mention your nameis it so hard to understand how you've got me right in the palm of your hand?
ever want something so bad that it hurt?
"the writings on the wall, you've read that i'll be gone but if you call my name just know that i'll come running  for one more night to spare with you  this is where i'm meant to be, please don't leave me "
so let's not dwell on all those things we should of said  as piece by piece i can pick you up off of my floor 
"i get high, i get twisted, never sober "
"so now you'll know exactly what it feels like, to be an obstacle in my way  you won't remain, you won't remain  save your breath, don't even speak  if you'll speak of change, 'cause you won't "
has the worst migraine ever 
"hookah, lovelovelove it love  bringing back memories hah  text it"
"getting hit on by middle aged men is never flattering  haha oh man, amazing day thus far "
cookie dough  love 
"pretty good day for the most part, a lot to think about  not to mention so over this weather, its so crappy "
"we can pretend that airplanes, in the night sky are like shooting stars  i could really use a wish right now "
"as hours move to minutes and minutes take longer to break, i will be desperately awaiting but my tongue won't fall apart  and we've been sitting here for hours, all alone and in the dark  so let me think of how to word it, is it too soon to say \perfect\""?"""
"me and christmas are bored, what's everyone up to?"
"music, my love!"
has too much on her mind to be able to think straight  the 19th seems so far away   so the waiting begins    
"me and the girls are lookin for something to do tonight, hit it up"
since when is there more to do on the weekdays than the weekends? what is this world coming to?? i'm so bored 
patron bitch
biscuits and gravey  smile  the day with christmas!
"shower, howell, then idk what else  plans anyone?"
so what it up with everyone for tonight? where is the party at?
crazzyyy night  just got in   
"i did it, i does it, i spit it, you love it  35 snub whenever i' bout to club it, unlimited budget "
"it's not because i was broken hearted all because of mixed emotions  i needed that hit, i needed to feel it  i was in need of that high, you know that type you feel  like you a kite in the sky  first step to recovery is addmitting,  and baby i admit i got a full blown addiction "
"if i'm reaching in, you're not letting it show  used up your space now, and there's no room to grow   too deep, can't breathe  and you can't find the end  it's right in front of you, but it goes over your head "
you're so crazy  enough in a way that i'll probably say you destroyed me 
"you think you gangsta cause you did time  well listen here gangsta, don't cross the line  ten cuidado con el fuego "
"now the party's over, and every bodys gone  i'm left here with myself and i wonder what went wrong  and now my heart is broken, like the bottles on the floor  does it really matter? or am i just hungover?  love "
imma a real boss bitch and i'm hard to catch  you can leave cause i don't really need ya nigga   love 
"i'm not the type to forget or to burry my head  just take off your wings  they could never get you quite as high as i did, and you know it   love "
"i can hear it in your voice, you care  let me run my fingers through your hair  i'll keep you company at night and baby i'm here to make this right  love "
me <propfirst> en tu recuerdo y a la vez que pasa el tiempo  me da miedo perderlo   love 
swimming  smile 
the water is freezing!
"roll the windows up when you get in the car, and i'ma light one up  hit the gas station go and buy a cigar, and a philly blunt  every time i breathe it's like i'm taking a puff, turn my music high  roll the windows up, when i smoke and drive   love "
"you played me to the left\ now there's nobody left\ to hear your complaining i'm gone and all you hear is your own\ echo\ e-echo\ and i'm gone\ and your all alone\ cant you hear the (hear the)\ echo\ e-echo\ no one to hear you\ there's nobody near you   love "
"motherfuckin' temper shiftin like bike  head high got the world on my back they told me i can turn around, but never look down  they told me if i shoot the ak, i better aim down, they say even a train collision produces the same sound  i said, wow! and i went and got two two, so you better be listenin' for that choo choo  soowoo!  love "
"hand of blood, i don't wanna feel, my heart is breaking\ hand of blood, i don't wanna see, my life is burning\ i saw you look away\ is what you've seen too much to take, \ or are you blind and seeing nothing, i saw you run\ i saw you run away,\ is what i've done too much to take or are you scared of being nothing   love "
bullet for my <propfirst> concert tonight  smile  totally excited  ought to be fun!  love 
"longest line i have ever had to wait in, in my life  haha  bullet for my <propfirst> and chiodos   love "
"today was a good day, concert was good  love  first time hearing arcanium, but i ended up really liking them  smile "
"really? so my phone decided to delete all of my phone <propfirst> and text messages again, so that's fun! getting in the shower, then idk  text it   love "
can't stand when guys play games  
hates people   
just made some amazing orange chicken  yumm!
hookah = love  love   love 
hot tub  love 
"this time baby, i'll be bulletproof  love "
"you know the type you feel like\ you a kite up in the sky  love "
"you scream, \but there's nobody to hear \it doesn't matter,\it's only you and me and all of your fears \so scream,\a halloween serenade \illusions shattered \wait 'till you're really afraid   ((  love  ))"
got home around 2 and now i can't sleep  woo hoo  fml
still can't fall asleep   today ought to be interesting  hahah grrreat 
"yesterday was a good day, that resulted in an even better night  love "
"well i'm just a fool for you and i think i'm going crazy, i can't control myself or contain my thoughts  it's eating me up inside  now i see everything a little more clearly, the bad ways the good things   love "
"for you i gave my heart, and turned my back against the world   love "
"i get loud, i get proud    and it gets worse \well if i have one, i'll have thirteen\naw, there ain't no in-between  love "
"scream a little bit louder for me baby   love  face the truth, that you painted so well "
"needs something to do, christmas is falling asleep; she's practically passed out   ughh  anyone?"
"here's my kiss to betray\ desperate to brush the lips of grace \ do you feel hollow when you think of how i've lied?  love "
"tonight i raise my glass, for i know its time to move on  this can't be real  there's nothing left  my <propfemale> will not last, tomorrow i will be gone  all hope has failed  ive lost my soul   love "
"nigga we don't play that shit  don't let part of ya speech make you lose part of ya teeth, 'cause you ain't hardly hard to me if you want beef from me   love "
in fact it’s easier now that you’re not here  i’m no longer missing you muttering those words in my ear   love 
me and christmas need something to do  where's the party at?
"the only place that we could go, starin' at a world we didn't know, wondering if this was all we had  40 ounce, intoxicated dreams, all our faded memories, that's what made us who we are today  so if i call will you be there? i miss the nights we used to share   love "
so   what is everybody up to?
woke up craving mcdonalds  
"the pool with <propfirst>, <propfirst> and christmas  tanning oil, nice weather, and friends is a good start to the summer   love "
i love <propfemale> brown  love   smile  partyying tonight!
zoo  love 
and i just wanna get your fucking voice out of my head   love 
"slip n' slide baby   love \ laugh "
happy birthdayy <propmale> <propmale>!  smile 
just made some dank cupcakes  love  mmmyummm!
broke the seal   disappointed  annoyed \
bonfire anyone wanna join?
it's <propfemale> fluffy!!
"things you'd e playful ect to be having effect on me pass undetectedly  but everyone knows what has got me \takes me completely, touches so sweetly,\reaches so deeply,\i know that nothing can stop me   love "
is going to the park  
hot tub  love 
change in plans for the day evidentially   now what?
"i am the lie that you adore  \i feed the <propmale> and fuck the poor \i got it, you want it, it's yours, don't stop \this is entertainment  lies are entertainment \you are down on your knees begging me for more   love "
"ryan: \i want an xbox\""\",c95d2cfadfab3936ac98234e52c27e7b,<propfemale> bored   what's everyone doing tonight?
people's ignorance amazes me sometimes   
clerks ii
"had a great day! <propmale> out with some sweet people, went to the beach and partied   love  wouldn't change a thing!"
hanging out with kaseyy 
"good day  smile  \home watching invader zim  love "
spend the day on the boat now it's night 3 of the partyyy babbyyyy!  love 
watching invader zim  smile  it's definitely making my day!
"r i p <propmale>   i can't believe it's been a year    love you, and we all miss you   love "
"& i say thank you for the scars, & the guilt & the pain  every tear i've never cried, has sealed your fucking fate  did you take me for, a fool? or were you just too blind to see that every effort made has failed, & there is no destroying me? hate can be a positive emotion when it forces you to better yourself   love "
doesn't know what she is doing today    plans anyone?
tubing with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  love  then idk  
"swimming for a little while, then tubing a little later  love "
is sooo excited for the mayhem tour it isn't even funny   love 
now i really want to watch <propfirst> and silent <propmale> strike back    annoyed \
"breathe you in and it's all over now  when my arms open  breathe you in, i'll breathe you in   love "
"every time i end up breaking you, you change into something worth keeping  every time i'm close to saving you, you grow into a sin worth believing  you're everything i ever wanted but it's never enough  you're never enough   love "
still majorly excited for the mayhem tour  can't get over it  august couldn't come fast enough i swear!! ahhh  tooo excited!  love 
fowlerville fair! see ya!  love 
so whose all going to the mayhem tour?  smile 
"darling what is going on? honestly that never happened, lying is your favorite passion  leave me, go where you belong   love "
sick of facebook   text me instead   love 
what does everyone have going on tonight?  smile 
"weird mood, ehh not so great  feeling argumentative, not all to certain as to why  "
can't get over the immaturity of some people  haha  can they really not find a better way to occupy their time; other than to make up the most ignorant load of crap?
hanging out with <propmale> razook  smile  text it   love 
"good night  home to shower, then spending the day with <propmale> razook and <propfirst> spoor  love "
"got home, just hanging out for a little while \wishes <propfirst> spoor good luck on his interview today  smile "
it's amazing when $12 can get you a half tank of gas  haha   love 
always underestimate the potency of my cocktails  yikes! haha   love 
watching mallrats   love this movie  love 
"is in a pretty funky mood  annoyed \not real sure why that is exactly, thats just how things work i guess   "
"if i gave you pretty enough words, could you paint a picture of us that works? an emphasis on function rather than design   love "
why does 2 days seem like eternity? gosh   mayhem couldn't happen soon enough!
going swimming for a bit with some cool people   smile  text it   love 
"so dance dance, like its the last last night of your life life  im'ma get you right\cuz baby tonight, the dj got us falling in love again   love "
thoroughly enjoys finding old pictures that bring back like loads of memories   love 
going to attempt to fall asleep   but i must say- it isn't looking very promising 
going to <propmale>'s pool party with <propfemale> <propfemale> & <propfirst> torossian  smile 
is wayyy too excited for tomorrow! it is only 15 hours away! ughhh  mayhem!  love 
definitely had fun at mayhem    love  can't wait to see the line-up next year 
"send me text messages or message with your number, phone deleted everything again   ughh annoyed  need all of my <propfirst> again   love "
that 70's show  smile 
still has mayhem on the mind   wish it wasn't over! haha  reallyy can't wait until next year   love 
"think before you make up your mind  you don't seem to realize, i can do this on my own  and if i fall, i'll take it all  it's so easy after all   love "
"people are <propfemale> fake  if you have something to say, then say it  don't play games about it "
4 short days away   i cant wait! <propfemale> beach here we come  smile 
"has a new phone, so it would help a ton if everyone would send me a text message with your name so i have everyone's <propfirst> again "
"why is it that every time things start to go good, something always has to happen?! so over it "
can anyone please tell me why people do things or make choices that they can never admit to? if it is embarrassing or bad enough that you would have to lie about it then why do it in the first place? for some reason that has always amazed me 
i broke through this hollow shell that once held me so tight i couldn't breathe    love 
"so much of life, could never be e playful lained  evolve from the person that you are, into the one that blinds you  just know that losing control is all part of this     love "
"13 days, can't wait!  love "
good weekend up at northwood lol more pictures to come 
"tired, and feeling pretty bad  i hate being sick!"
tattoo or piercing for my birthday? can't decide   
how did we meet?(copy this to your status and see who remembers???)
"seems so close, yet so far away  "
hates seeing tattoos online and not being able to find out which artist did them! ughhh!!
"this week is going great, only to get better! piercings with christmas-angel sullivan sometime this week, probably wednesday! it is going to be a great birthday, i can just feel it!"
hanging uot with christmas   hopefully tomorrow is the day  can't wait til thursday! birthday - ready to have some fun!  love 
side labret done today  smile  went to get it pierced with christmas! woot!
"2 and a half hours to go! woot woot! lip is feeling a little sore, not too bad  definitely worth it though! mine and christmas-angel sullivan's piercings turned out really cute! loves it!  love "
thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone  smile 
"like, each of us starts out as a water-tight vessel  and these things happen - these people leave us, or don't love us, or don't get us, or we don't get them and we lose & fail & hurt one another & the vessel starts to crack open in places & i mean once the vessel cracks open, the end becomes inevitable, once is starts to rain in the osprey, it will never be remodeled     love "
"if you're brave, copy this to your status and see what people pick foryou  (1)crazy (2) wish we went out  (3)stupid  (4)sarcastic  (5)lovable  (6)hot  (7)strong  ( smile dumb  (9)spoiled  (10)friendly  (11)wild  (12)goofy  (13)funny  (14)awesome  (tell the truth)"
"after getting a new phone and loosing 400+ contacts, it literally seems impossible to get them all back  fml"
why is this area so boring?! ughh
can't sleep   this sucks
"is hating all of the msu support going on via facebook   \michigan =  love "
definitely ready for tonight  smile 
"i feel the sun creepin up like tick tockk, tryin to keep you in my head but if not, we'll just keep runnin' till tomorrow with our lips locked, yeah you got me beggin, baby please dont go  love "
"i feel free enough to party hard, this dress won't go to waste  feel like i own the place, v i p to to be the boss  you see the way these people stare, watching how i fling my hair  i'm a dancefloor lover, baby there's no other; who do it like i do it yeah    love "
loves being able to say i told you so   
can't sleep    why is there never anything on t v ? ughh    
uhm   anyone know what npc stands for? haha i can't figure it out    
will most definitely be reppin' that purple tomorrow  smile 
watching the whitest kids u' know    lol!  love 
"excuse me, blonde in your shiny new pontiac- i believe that i respect your pretty car more than you do    and if i see you run your front end into that cement post one more time, i may have to come and take away your license  i have watched you do it twice now in the last minute or so, and that car doesn't deserve the abuse  learn how to drive, at least for the car's sake   thank you "
family guy until i fall asleep    hopefully soon because i need the sleep!
i hate the cold weather  sad 
not ready for the winter   its already so cold that my car door was frozen shut and i had a layer of ice on my windshield  ugh!
"reallyy wishes that i had thousands of dollars at this very moment    for shoes, just shoes "
"little sister's cheerleading banquet, then home   smile "
"wants a new piercing, but i have no idea what else i would want to get  the ones i like, i couldn't imagine myself with   haha  needs to work on getting my first tattoo done already   love "
how did we meet? copy this as your status and see who remembers   smile 
"okay, so this wind is making it impossible to fall asleep    this has ixt to stop!!!"
"okay, this wind has got to stop! it is preventing me from getting any sleep tonight and it's killin' me!"
"not really ready for halloween to be over yet   \hahaha  loved my costume this year, especially after finding the right shoes "
has a terrible headache   and just can't wait until tomorrow to start discussing a plan   
"irritated, people are really annoying me badly today "
i thought you ought to know; i’m so far gone now i been running on empty  do you wanna take me on?  love 
" love  i'm thinkin' maybe, i can't have relationships  'cause lately, they're not making any sense  and baby, you're the one thing on my mind but that can change anytime \'cause there's so many fine women, that my head is spinnin', and i've lost all feelin' ,everybody's singin'  love "
"what a day    hahaha  wow  just got home, bored  what's everyone up to?"
"cleaning    yeah, i'm that bored right now!"
i really really reallyy want to see love & other drugs  smile 
7-eleven run  smile  woop woop!
"hockey     laugh \oh man   love "
realllyyyy misses going to all of the high school hockey games!
"baby, you're the one thing on my mind but that can change anytime  'cause there's so many fine women, that my head is spinnin'  and i've lost all feelin'  love "
weird mood   not really sure about a lot of things 
is ready to have some fun  smile 
today's going to be a good day  smile 
needs to find a way to kill some time    i have an hour and a half before my plans for the night   
"heading out   getting gas, visiting jakey, then out with mr larson for the night  here comes trouble, hahaha   love "
"gotta love when plans fall through    \hanging out with <propmale>  what's goin on tonight?"
"just got home from <propmale>'s    now to find something to do   \feeling the need to get out  smile "
wished there were more things to do around here    but nnnoooo! highland is so boring it is ridiculous!
why is just about everyone asleep? haha 
busy beyond belief this week  i have no idea how i am going to fit everything in    there really is not enough hours in a day!
having a great night even though i don't feel all that great i am still in a phenominal mood!  love 
i definitely need to get my hair done soon! it's wayy too long and it needs color badly! ughh!
don't forget: fabeck family benefit dinner tomorrow at the white lake  leo's coney island from 5 pm - 9 pm!
who is going to go to leo's coney island tomorrow?  smile 
"you want apologies, then you might hold your breath; until your breathing stop forever  the only thing you'll get; is this curse on your lips  i hope they taste of me forever "
wants something to do   
i've seen sinking ships go down with more grace than you   love 
"why must there be so much on my mind that i can't sleep, when i need sleep the most? ugh   "
"let the shore tide take you in, let the shore tide in   love "
i don't think it is humanly possible for me to get anymore stressed out that i already am  annoyed 
i'm definitely happy that so many people are showing up at <propfirst>'s to help raise money for the fabeck's!
wants friday to be here already  definitely ready for the weekend   
"if we all should die tonight; we will have no regrets  if tonight should take my life, we can't go back   love "
is wanting a tattoo more and more everyday!  annoyed 
<propfemale>    i haven't quite figured out what i am going to do tonight  hahaha  any ideas?
just got in   you already know the first thing i did was turn on the game! lol! excited for sure! go wings!  love  definitely a good night!  smile 
i cant stand when my plans fall apart   a <propmale> bit irritated and bored right now!
"getting ready for the rest of the night  smile \hoping it turns out to be a good one!  love "
pit bulls and parolees makes me really emotional    haha  i want to go adopt some pit bulls now  annoyed 
due date at 3 then out to howell with the sister  smile 
why is <propfirst> lambert so sexy? hahaha  ohh man!  love 
what is there to do today? ughh    sundays 
"i'm higher than the top floor of the fountain blue (jeah!)\somebody said they got the chronic, line it up mane (jeah!)\let's smoke it all til we fall then get up again (jeah!)   \ love "
massive headache!! ughh!
long day   stress overload!
fucking amazing cleary!
been waiting all day for this game  laugh 
hell yeah zetterberg!  love 
"at home decorating the christmas tree by myself this year  annoyed \and evidently i'm also decorating the rest of the house by myself   ha "
great start to the first quarter! hell yeah!
"wings, you're amazing!  love "
"what to do, what to do   "
fuck! what's goin on wings!?!
"i do believe that this is some of the worst stress i have ever been under \e playful lain to me how it would make sense to give me 17 chapters to study, with 3 to 5 sections per chapter, in 3 days!? this is so impractical! i haven't had a break all day! headache <propmale>! (*sighs wink "
so ready for the weekend babbyyy smile 
early start to the weekend  smile 
now what to do? hahaha
<propfirst> and i are looking for something to do tonight    anyone have any ideas suggestions?
good night   laying around the house  what's the plan for today or tonight? bored!
59 west tonight  
it's one o those days! haha  jeez!
what the heck is there to do?! we're <propfemale> bored!
"it was just a dream, just a moment ago  i was up so high; looking down at the sky  don't let me fall  i was shooting for stars, on a saturday night  they say what goes up; must come down, but don't let me fall   love "
hanging out with <propfirst>   what is going on on a tuesday night?
"hey people, where's the party at?"
you were the last good thing about this part of town   love 
where's the party?
"dear room, i'd appreciate if you stopped spinning now   kthanks"
needs to start going tanning   it's been over a year and i'm feeling toooo white  sad 
any good parties goin on tonight or what?
you look even sweeter than a <propfemale> scotia velvetleaf huckleberry   love 
and the old red pick-up truck with a black hood belongs to? haha   love 
"you look so low low low, together we could get high  hi-fi st-st-stereo  boom boom, supersonic  boom supersonic, boom; you make my heart go   love "
trunk muffin   laugh 
"i need new music to download  annoyed \suggestions?"
"oh yeah, jersey shore, yeah "
reality check    like smacking your face on the pavement  
"tanning, then i have no idea   hmu "
"people piss me off  seriously, bad mood "
popcorn and greek  love 
when it seems impossible for things to get any worse    i'm always wrong  could something please just go right for a change? why is it that it's never just one thing that goes wrong? it all seemsto always happen at once  
"thinking a movie or bowling tonight, who's down?"
"hey, you might think that i'm crazy; but you know i'm just your type  i might be, a little hazy but you just cannot deny; there's a spark in between us; when we're dancin' on the floor   love "
ever sit and watch cars go by; just wondering where they're all headed?
"catch me when i'm walkin', i'm the fliest thing walkin'  i open up my mouth and i'm the fliest thing talkin'   love "
it's always interesting to see who actually cares  
"watching takers, cooking, then probably tanning and the rest    we're playin it by ear "
what is there to do around highland tonight?
if he's gigglin'; game over!  love 
interesting morning thus far   let's hope there will not be any more intersting surprises lol
"lol, i think i have a problem   \i can't look in anyone's photos without being compelled to tag everyone that i know in them lol"
"i'm having mixed feelings about this so called \blizzard\"" we are supposed to be receiving  """
definitely excited for tonight!
"if you have seen me drunk, like this status  if you get over 20, you need help  copy this status to see how much of an alcoholic you are   "
"check your diva, before i wreck your diva!  love "
"my heart is on my sleeve, i wear it like a bruise or black eye; my badge my weakness  that means that i believed, every single lie you said     heart-broken "
and when i thought life couldn't surprise me any more than it already has    hahaha 
ya gotta risk it to get the biscuit 
"so much to do, so little time "
mad cause i'm cuter than the girl thats witcha   love 
"tonight is going to be a good night, i can feel it "
are you ready? i'm ready!  love 
"gettin' ready, pickin' up ant from work, then going to have a great night!  love "
"last night was great  haha  running on 2 hours of sleep, it's been a long day  wouldn't change it though!  love "
i'm so excited for rock on the range that it's fricken unreal 
bored out of my mind! hahaha  watching sex drive     love 
"even when it feels like your world is crumbling to pieces, i'll be standing right by your side   love "
"when i say weak ass, you say bitch   weak ass    bitch! weak ass  \\hahahaha   love "
"i dont fight, i dont argue i just hit that bitch with a bottle   love  ( haha  i love you <propfemale> <propfemale> demoines )"
"i said i'd never let you fall, then i always meant it \if you didn't have a <propmale>, then i never did \you'll always find me right there, again   love "
"sorry, but i don't sell myself out like a cheap box of candies  \\hahahahahahaha   love "
i like girls!!!!
get off my kool aid motherfucker!
"with the loves for the night, getting ready to go to 59 west "
the wifey type  love 
anyone interested in buying some subs?
i seriously feel terrible right now  annoyed  ugh!
"the lip ring came out really easily, all they had to do was unscrew it  completely disappointed that i had to take it out  can't wait for it to heal up so that i can go back to <propfemale> to get my lip re-pierced ( annoyed \i think that the only reason any of this happened is because i rushed into shortening the bar before it actually healed completely  annoyed "
"i hope i feel at least a little bit better tomorrow, ugh! being sick is absolutely terrible!"
"by the way, your hands were shaking; rather waste some time with you  well you never would have thought in the end, how amazing it feels just to live again  its a feeling that you cannot miss, and it burns a hole through everyone that feels it   love "
i want to go to mexico damnit
"my mind is a racing, scrambled mess tonight  shook "
"picking up the shmister from school, then home to relax for an hour, then more running around    ughhh  annoyed  well, if all pans out right then it will be a great day     love "
bitch i'm the sexist killa you know; come equipped with an axe and some lovehandles     love 
what's going on tonight?
do you spot the clouds with thunderous roars? that's when bolts start flying and rain starts to pour 
"??????????????? ??? ?? ??? ?? ???????????????\? if you miss someone that's in heaven, post this to your status! ?\??????????????? ??? ?? ??? ?? ???????????????"
thinking about hallowicked has me all excited right now hahaha   love 
"watching <propmale> zombie's halloween    laying around in sweats like a bum hahaha  have to clean, but i'm procrastinating     love "
<propfirst>   caught you; ya sneaky bitch!  love  haha
made myself a grilled cheese and a strawberry smoothie mmmmyummmy!  love 
"imma imma hit this drink up like it's my last, imma imma hit this night up like it's my last    love "
where are all of the parties at?
"just wish i could go to hallowicked, like now!"
smh
waking up every couple of hours throughout the entire night bahaha sleep seems impossible   
annoyed    smh 
mind racing   
"the girl you just called fat, she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid, he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly, she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her the boy you just tripped, he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you are against bullying"
"off to check out this school i may be taking classes at, then home to get ready & wait for the bf to get off of work    hmu "
and shepards we shall be for thee my my lord for thee  power hath descended forth from thy hand our feet may swiftly <propfemale> out thy commands  so we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be  in nomeni patri et fili spiritus sancti
just had a mini heart attack  whoa 
needs to get a tanning package soon   
"you can feel the pounding, wrapped around your chest  nothing's too excessive, when you've got nothing left  we're all here 'cause we've lost control   love "
"pretty little liars marathon     \thinking about how amazing a vacation sounds right now; needs a get-away "
"shout, shout, let it all out  these are the things i can live without  come on, i'm talking to you    love "
"annoyed    today, things better start looking up  smh "
you think i'd learn over these years; good things won't last forever  so what the hell am i supposed to do? you only wanted the things i couldn't give to you   
"even if my collar bones crush or crumble, i will never slip or stumble   love "
today is gonna suck
i think it's adorable when the groom of the wedding cries when he sees his bride walking down the isle     love 
"if this vans a-sinkin', someones been drinkin'  love "
why cant i seem to sleep? ughh!!!
"watching uncle <propmale>    \i miss him already  love "
watching blade ii until i'm finally able to fall asleep  fingers crossed that it happens sometime soon    haha 
"invader zim    i still have no idea what i'm doing with my day, ughhh   love "
"cna classes from 9 smile 0 this morning until about 5 surprise 0 or so tonight     exhausted, can't wait to see him when i get out  smile "
"i'm really not a morning person  these next two weeks are going to kill me, i can barely keep my eyes open right now   "
