5dfd6be094c86d469d885a89c0345760
"just wants some frickin' sharks with some frickin' laser beams attached to their heads, is that too much to ask people!?"
"no no no no no no no! no! no! no! no! no! nooo! nooooooooooo!!! wait, yes "
is totally focused and     squirrel!! wait wait     is totally focused and totally responsible 
"has learned that you can't make someone love you, all you can do is stalk them and hope that they panic & give in       wink "
"a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  and pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been         repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one "
"is wondering, is it sick to drop <propmale> grahams into your coffee just to watch them drown?"
"if your dad is your hero, whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you, or if he is an angel in heaven looking over you, copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you love, care and you are proud of your dad , you are missed very much <propfirst> dugaqua"
"its daughter week: if you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun, who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status ~~~~? your daughter will outgrow your lap, but never your heart ~~~~"
happy mothers day  smile 
"some people say the glass is half empty, some people say it's half full   i say are you going to drink that, or can i have it?"
"as of yesterday, there is a new privacy setting called \instant personalization \"" it shares data with non-facebook websites and is automatically set to allow  go to account > privacysettings > applications & websites >instant personalizationand un-check \""allow \"" please copy & repost this; even if you uncheck your own box     """
"ok    i laughed often (got stared at), i loved harder (one new restraining order), and i danced like no one was watching,   that was when they locked me up     wink "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can    raise\awareness  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you?"
i took a picture of all my gold in farm ville and sent it to one of those cash for gold places   i haven't heard back from them 
is wondering in mexico do you have to press one for spanish?
no i don't think its crazy to bite off the heads of my gummy bears while screaming in pain and agony  its just good entertainment  wink 
thank you everybody  smile 
"doesnt want to die in a well preserved body, i want to skid in sideways into my grave yelling what a hell of a ride!"
a person's true nature is revealed by how they treat those they have no reason to be nice to
"is sweet and innocent  no, really, i am     quit laughing!  wink "
age doesn't make you forgetful  having way too many stupid things to remember makes you forgetful 
sometimes i wish i could go back to the days when i was six and my biggest problem was how to annoy my brother in a new way  wink 
how come people tell you to stay a kid for as long as you can  yet the moment you do anything childish or immature they tell you to grow up  wink 
"some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts  remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking "
"fb is messing around again!!! go to the top right of your screen, click account & then click edit friends  go to the left sideof your screen & click phonebook  everyone's phone # is being published  please repost to let your friends know of this change in security, so that they can remove phone #'s or change their privacy settings  i can see your phone # & so can everyone else  change settings asap "
"right now a nurse is helping a woman become a mother  is holding the hand of a\dying man  is inserting an iv in a child  is listening to an \alzheimer's patient tell a story  and is missing their family while \caring for yours  in the minute it took you to read this, nurses    all \   over the world are saving lives  re-post if you are a       nurse, love a \nurse, or appreciate a nurse "
"if you can't laugh at yourself, well, don't worry  i gotcha covered "
"i don't like making plans for the day, because then the word \premeditated\"" gets thrown around in the courtroom """
is getting that creepy feeling again    like i'm being watched    oh wait it's wednesday    ghost hunters is on tonight! gotta watch 
pushed humpty dumpty!! and you thought i was a nice girl!!! waaaaahahahaaaaaaa!!!
im mobile
"has childproofed her home, but their still getting in!"
looking for zoomates  smile  <propmale>!
question - i bought a flatlands map and not sure what to do with it now lol <propmale>  smile 
gotcha thanks for the help  smile l
wow you guys are awesome <propmale>!  smile l
<propmale> all for your adds and help! but    not letting me add anymore zmate friends   says i have exceeded amount for today and come back tomorrow    sad 
"loves all her friends  so, they lick windows, take the special bus and slap their wrists, they're special!"
5 out of 4 people have trouble with math  and probably won't get this
"called the credit card company the other day and they said i have \outstanding payments\""  i said thank you very much """
i don't care if you take your time  just don't take mine with you  go find the s l o w <propfirst> 
"loves all her friends  so, they lick windows, take the special bus and slap their wrists, they're special!"
i fell for you    because you tripped me
is getting that creepy feeling again    like i'm being watched    oh wait it's wednesday    ghost hunters is on tonight! gotta watch
"no no no no no no no! no! no! no! no! no! nooo! nooooooooooo!!! wait, yes "
almost won the lotto  just missed it with 5 <propfirst>
frozen water balloon fights    not a good idea 
working on my bad habit of procrastination   ummm maybe i'll work on that later 
oh my god i stood on a cornflake   so i guess i'm a cereal killer now
"you gotta know when to hold em, know when to fold em, know when to walk away and know when to run   "
warning if you get a message from me with a link asking to look at my tinned meat don't open it    its spam!
thinks <propmale> gates should have to pay me $20 each time i have to reboot my computer to update microsoft windows 
peoples hearts are not meant to be played with like a yo-yo  sooner or later that string holding it to you will break and never come back        
i bet a lot of mimes choke to death because nobody believes they're really choking 
just a sidenote   when a so called friend lies to you and call you stupid     i really shouldnt feel bad not talking to them anymore    you would think    
"dammit i'm mad is spelled the same way backwards, think about it "
don't use a big word when a singularly unloquacious and dimunitive linguistic e playful ression will satisfactorily accomplish the contemporary necessity 
hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - means to fear long words    well isn't that weird
i wonder      in mexico do you have to press one for spanish?
really? just    really?
was once told that life is like a <propfemale> garden  god seems to pick the best ones  today that feels true    in memory aunt kathy      sad 
god saw you was getting tired and a recovery was not meant to be so she put her arms around you and whispered come home with me
"no no no no no no no! no! no! no! no! no! nooo! nooooooooooo!!! wait, yes "
is trying to remind myself that death is just a temporary interruption in time with someone - it's not permanent - but it sometimes feels like it 
most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit  -<propfirst> carlin
"birthdays are good for your health, it's been proved that people who have the most live the longest "
"they say that 50% of all marriages end in divorce  that's not as bad as it sounds, considering that the other 50% end in death!"
says size does matter  i bet you've looked at your tv and wanted a bigger one 
huked on fonics werked four me!
"here's the best advice i've ever gotten: if you call a psychic and they don't greet you by name, <propfemale> up!!!"
i'm only working till i win the lottery
i'm convinced there is no such thing as a functional family  every family has a relative they would prefer to keep hidden  if you think your family doesn't have one   it's you 
"to do list: plow, seed, harvest check, fish fed, check, hit list check, laundry um nope, dishes not yet, floors swept not today, looks like important stuff done"
blaming crime on a gun is like blaming misspelled words on your pencil 
i have always been curious as to why there are braille keypads at the drive-up atm machines? does anyone know?
"if you've got it, flaunt it  if you don't  please put it away  indecision "
i just saw a commercial where every line at wal-mart was staffed with a cashier  it's amazing what fantasy you can create on television!
"is the grass really greener on the other side? probably, but you'll still have to mow it and clean up the crap "
if at first you don't succeed         then skydiving definitely isn't for you
"whoever came up with the saying \its as easy as taking <propfemale> from a baby\"" probably never tried to take the <propfemale> from a baby  it's not that easy """
quick! math test! there are 83 fish in a tank  27 drowned  how many fish are left?               stop counting!!!! fish cant drown!
silence is <propfemale>  ductape is silver  wink 
"you will love this    had ex call me today, wants to get back together, not a bad guy, a nurse near here, the condition on getting together again? you will never guess    i had to pay his bills   omg had to share! loser"
"taking applications: knight in shining armor wanted, keep getting losers wrapped in tin foil!!  wink "
they say u should bury the past  but how deep do u have to dig because my ex keeps climbing out of the hole  lol
housework would be so much easier with those nifty jedi powers 
really? just    really?
i have made an executive decision  i am going to lay off my boss and blame it on the economy  [sorry we just don't have enough work to keep you]
"always the same; too many clowns, not enough circuses"
no soup for you!!! next!!!
will my business idea for glass coffins be a success?   remains to be seen      
"why is it when you ask someone what the three things they would take with them if they were stranded on a desert island would be, no one ever says a boat?"
i never start something that i am not going to fi
<propmale> watches you while you sleep      
"if a group of midgets stand up at a football game and do a \wave\"" is it a \""ripple\""?"""
"did you know that 2 out of 3 americans suffer from mental illness? think of your two closest friends    if they are ok, then you're the one with a problem "
"if i won the lottery, i wouldn't be one of those people who immediately quit their jobs  i'd make my boss's life a living hell for a week or two first  smile "
if you need a smile; text me  if you need a laugh; call me  if you need a hug; come to my house  if you need money; this number does not exist
"aging is inevitable, maturing is optional "
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming  what do we do? we swim, swim   "
"i'm convinced that you can't make everyone happy  so i'll just have to be content to confuse, annoy, and offend all of you "
great! now the voices in my head have started saying press 1 if you want to hear this message in english!
"i am just $999,999 away from being a millionaire!"
another 16 hour shift down    on to the next    
"a pharmacy was robbed today, they stole all of the viagra  the police would like everyone to be on the look out for some hardened criminals "
why do i have to grow up?  isn't it enough that i've learned how to behave in public   
if the people in movies listened to me they would have lived 
thinks that crazy is made of metal and i am an industrial strength magnet 
"your six years old and you have a cellphone? who are you going to call, <propfemale>????"
a recent survey says the first thing men notice about a women are their eyes  and women say the first thing they notice about men is they're a bunch of liars   wink 
is sure her guardian angel is bipolar 
don't you hate it when you die from not passing on chain mail?
how much more entertaining life would be if <propfemale> were instantaneous!
"today, someone pointed out to me that the tooth <propfemale> teaches little kids to sell their body parts for money "
i work way too much     
wow today is my daughters 5th birthday    going by fast  smile 
"well today was linnaes first <propmale> e cheese party, fun but think thats way too crazy to do more than once a year! and thanks to all who made it by!"
"hope you all had happy halloween, my <propfemale> came home with way too much <propfemale>, but its soooo good lol  smile "
"why is it that if you say there's 2 million stars in the universe,people believe you, but if you tell them there is wet paint, they always touch it to make sure  wink "
"why is it that if you say there's 2 million stars in the universe, people believe you but if you tell them there is wet paint, they always touch it to make sure?  smile "
"hereby resigns from adulthood  therefore she doesn't have to make difficult decisions, she can return to playing in the yard, riding her bike and eating <propfemale>"
"i didn't do it yet  i might have done it earlier, and i'm pretty sure i'll do it again tomorrow  so    yeah i probably did it   smile "
"no no no no no no no! no! no! no! no! no! nooo! nooooooooooo!!! wait, yes "
"well just had fire department at my house, tree by my porch started sparking on power lines, but did you know that puget sound energy does not consider that an emergency? at least our fire department did lol gotta love those firemen  smile "
last night i turned the stereo all the way up and played a blank tape  the mime next door went nuts 
i fell for you    because you tripped me 
no soup for you!!! next!!!
"if anybody asks, i was on facebook all night tonight, okay? thanks for having my back, everyone "
"i childproofed my home, but their still getting in!!!"
the chicken and egg are in bed  the chicken is kicked back smoking  the egg rolls over annoyed and says: i guess we answered that question!
"i'm sorry, but due to the cost of energy the light at the end of the tunnel has now been shut off  in it's place you'll find a hyper kid with a glow stick "
is totally focused and     squirrel!! wait wait     is totally focused and totally responsible 
"aging is inevitable, maturing is optional "
"snow on da' ground, snow on da' ground, drivin' like a fool wit da' snow on the ground, look at ya now - car spinnin' around  smile "
two blondes walk into a building          you'd think at least one of them would have seen it?!
"don't play stupid with me!   oh, wait, your not playing    "
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha wait what???
don't you wish stupid people had a sign they were required to <propfemale> just to give the rest of us fair warning?
"if you think you are special, then by all means, get you a helmet and wait for the short bus "
update for family     got a new little cousin on the way tonight    amber admitted to hospital      
<propfirst> says   healthy 5 lb baby girl    mom doing good too  smile 
well hope they keep doing good    keep gettin new updates and not all good  sad 
"procrastinators unite tomorrow  or thursday  no, sunday sounds better  or we could wait till monday, see how that settles with everyone  i'll get back to you "
"the angel from your right shoulder and the devil from your left, have been sleeping together for about a year now   just thought you should know   "
size does matter  i bet you've all looked at your tv and wanted a bigger one 
"and in the spirit of 'toons this weekend    \be who you are and say what you feel because those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter\"" ~dr  seuss"""
"i didn't do it yet  i might have done it earlier, and i'm pretty sure i'll do it again tomorrow  so    yeah i probably did it   smile "
"hmmm, go to work or throw myself down the stairs   go to work or throw myself down the stairs   tough choice     "
"sit down, shut up, hold on tight   please keep your opinions to your self until the rides comes to a complete stop at the end of your shift   have a great day!!"
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
thinks reality is a nice place but she wouldn't want to live there
would like to congratulate her co-workers for proving that even the people that lick the windows on the short bus can get a good job!!
"customer: is this the real price of this? me: no  sometimes we play a little game called \the price is wrong\"" just to see who complains """
beep! beep! your bus is here! grab your helmet and crayons and lets go!
"i think that when you are trying to e playful lain something to some people, you really need to break it down barney-style for them "
are you insinuating that i should tolerate this diabolical insubordination from an individual whose mental capacity barely exceeds that of a lima bean?
i survived another day at work with two things    sarcasm and wit
i really think that some people shouldn't be allowed to reproduce with out some kind of supervision  i mean it effects all of us 
"coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, cofffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee give me!!"
"i think that if everyone were required to work with the public for a year, there would be a lot less a-holes in the world"
you don't have to be crazy to work where i work  they trained me 
"would love to say to a co-worker \ the tribe has spoken\"" and\"" you have been voted out of a job\"""""
"have you ever had a day that changes everything? sadly, not in a good way, its all different now     "
"<propmale>, <propmale>  whats your vector <propfirst>?"
snowing again  smile 
"ignore any posts that say from me about \omg look at this\"" its crap"""
"and thank you <propfirst>! yes it tried taking over my account, blocked everything and changed password, what a pain for not paying attention to where i was clicking     "
"forecast said rain today, of course its snowing like mad out there again    "
"whoever agreed for me to work back to back doubles after a week of 12 hr shifts should be smacked    wait, that was me    damn     "
"i refuse to talk to naked clowns, they're just not funny "
"welcome to my profile  straight jackets are by the wall, meds are in the boxes  enjoy your stay, and please visit again!"
the best way to get rid of someone you don't like is to lend them money 
<propmale> watches u while u sleep (i am so tired  wink 
are you insinuating that i should tolerate this diabolical insubordination from an individual whose mental capacity barely exceeds that of a lima bean?
i never start something that i am not going to fi
i am looking for people interested in time travel  meet me last thursday 
what is awesome about this status is that by the time you realize that its pointless it'll all ready be too late 
can i just say working with drama queens is so annoying    the downside of getting to be their supervisor    lol
"my work just gave me my employee evaluation with a gift basket, inside was a pistol, rope, pills and bottle of <propfirst>, should i worry or send a thank you card?"
"if work continues to be the same as it's been lately, i'm gonna have to claim i have tourette's syndrome to keep from being officially reprimanded "
is alive  check tomorrow for another update 
i have to go to that evil place where they hold my paycheck hostage!
"if i offend you in any way, please let me know so i can do it again!"
"yeah! it's the weekend!   oh wait, i work weekends, dammit!"
"i am annoying you with my status updates for one reason and one reason only, because i'm bored and its entertaining me  smile "
do you know that i know that you don't think that i know that you don't know that i know that you think i don't know but i know  you know?
how come people tell you to stay a kid for as long as you can  yet the moment you do anything childish or immature they tell you to grow up 
i have been to the dark side    and their cookies suck!!
"i love all my friends  so, they lick windows, take the special bus and have to wear a helmet, they're special!"
could you tell me if this rag smells like chloroform please?
i have come to the conclusion that froot-loops are just gay cheerios   wink 
remember kids   skinny girls freeze to death faster!
happy mothers day!
"is the grass really greener on the other side? probably, but you'll still have to mow it and clean up the crap "
good news! you can save a bunch of money on child support by switching to condoms! just sayin'      
you can never be afraid of what people think   a well behaved woman never made history!
if a midget came up to me and told me my hair smelled good   would that be sexual harassment? just wondering     wink 
i just laugh at caution men at work signs  women work all the time  men have to put up signs when they work 
don't you wish stupid people had a sign they were required to <propfemale> just to give the rest of us fair warning? i know i do!!!
"i have been left unsupervised and am bored out of my mind, which usually leads to trouble and other bad things that may happen une playful ectedly "
"watching glee on demand today    it has taught me annoyed \1  it's not bisexual, it's bicurious \\2  babies can be made while making out in a hot tub \\3  bad boys fall for big girls \\4  if you see a gorgeous girl, she's probably had a nose job \\5  hot? cheerleeders could possibly be lebanese \\5  don't stop believing "
"coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, cofffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"
in the event of my demise i hope i become a ghost  the list is growing of who i am haunting and it's a tie for who gets it first 
"don't play stupid with me   oh, wait, your not playing     "
"i need to be out in public  making friends & having fun, u know    an alibi "
"i believe too many people have \cranial-rectitus\"" at work  google it """
"going to the store to get some duct tape, rope, a shovel, gloves, trash bags and a large bag of lime   you'll find out why later      wink "
i can't believe i was late for work tomorrow!
"personally i think that me setting a good example for my child, just takes all the fun out of getting older "
"live, laugh, love  if that doesn't work, raise, aim and fire "
"i wish facebook would change the relationship status \single\"" to \""independent & available\"" - it would sound much cooler i think """
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhh sorry just needed to get that out
"so if anyone knows any good attorneys out there would love the information, there is a certain company that i used to work for that has decided to withhold my pay and when i asked for it they terminated my contract  time to fight!"
"wow things maybe looking up! have just heard from owner of entire corporation, i think i may have won this! its not guaranteed yet, but this is a reason for all to know, always fight when you know they are in the wrong!"
"omg almost just watched a baby almost get hit by a car at haggen, she left a baby rolling in a cart through the parking lot and it almost got hit, when we found the little hispanic lady? she tried to leave, i stopped her and called 911, i can still barely breathe!"
"thank you so much everyone, you are the best!!  smile "
wow you guys all rock! thank you so much  smile 
"i like this one   did you know that those who appear to be really strong, really are the most sensitive? did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others, really need someone to protect them? did you know that the three things that are hardest to say are: i love you sorry help me  put it on your status if you agree"
"hangover 2, great movie!"
as a young child my mom told me i could be anybody i wanted to be  turns out the police call it identity theft 
ever notice you are reading someones' status then realize it was a total waste of time? yeah well this is one of them!
never give your all to those who give nothing back 
it is what it is  (unless it isn't)
"apparently it's frowned upon to walk into a bank shouting \it's my money and i want it now!\"" thanks a lot j g  wentworth!"""
"i'll be back in five minutes  if i'm not, read this again    "
"where would i be without my mother? probably in the middle of traffic, without my jacket on, talking to some stranger     "
"i was going to procrastinate today, but then i decided i'd just do it tomorrow "
"i keep getting this funny feeling that people are reading the things i type here, but maybe i'm just being paranoid "
