ecf1bc03058c83d786b37ec33a0ada48
spent the first day of the new year with my oldest and dearest friend  2010 is going to be great!
is watching colma: the musical on sundance channel in massachusetts!
"r i p  <propfemale> and mj  <propmale> mcmahon, too  3 legends in one week "
is sad the world lost pina bausch today  she was a true pioneer in dance and theatre 
"have a great independence day, everybody! remember, blow up fireworks, not your face!"
is <propfemale> larocque
is boiling 
's stomach is staging a revolt  too bad the rest of her body won't join in  blech!
is sleepy 
has a date with <propmale> potter   and <propfirst>!
is the proud owner of a new bicycle!
is officially on vacation!
is cleaning and packing!
11 years and counting   
on day 2 of easing in to the master cleanse - only o j  and water today 
hates song lyrics as facebook statuses 
has a new phone!
"can't wait to eat real food tonight after 5 days of juice  it will just be a small bowl of pea soup, but still   "
just ate some seedy salad with grilled tempeh from the zephyr cafe - delicious!
"last day of summer, but at least i get to see my man again soon!"
rip <propmale> kennedy
is sending mad birthday love to <propfirst>!
happy friday!
oy  i just had my first 9am to 10pm day of the semester 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day  thanks "
"happy friday, everyone!!!"
"has decided to stay in for the evening eating popcorn and catching up with project runway  yes, i am getting old "
is going to the farmer's market and the zephyr cafe tomorrow  i love saturdays!
it's official - all of my classes are cancelled this week  why am i paying more for school this semester?
"i don't know how true this is, but it can never hurt to be safe  i got this message today, so i am spreading the word: urgent!! apparently the fan check application is a virus that takes 48 hours to kick in  even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you  please inform all you friends and remove delete the application asap  copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly "
"calling it a night  i'll get you next time, accounting, next time!"
"oh boy! sleep, that's where i'm a viking!"
yay friday!!!
got home early from class just in time for glee!
is it bad that even gmail is telling me i have issues?
has to be at the <propfemale> at 4 smile 0  harumph 
is purging negative energy from her life 
"ugh, i hate the weather here  earlier in the week, it was raining and about 60 degrees  today, it's <propfemale> and humid with a high of 92 degrees  mother nature - make up your mind!"
thinks chipotle may be the best thing about southern california 
"if you don't like the new facebook, you can change it   on your home <propfemale>, look to the top left menu and click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it on "
"my cousin's baby, christian <propfirst> lacadie, was born today! welcome to the family, little man! i can't wait until christmas time when i'll get to see your fresh face in person "
happy halloween everyone!!!
to all my fellow massholes - i'll be there from dec  20 - <propfirst> 7 splitting my time between <propmale>'s in nor'easton and pop's in wareham  send me an fb message if you want to <propfemale> out 
but i don't want to work the matinee  sad 
is broken  it's official - my ankle is fractured and i have a giant plaster cast to prove it  i'm having flashbacks to when i broke my foot as a kid 
is grateful for all of my friends and family 
dear news: i couldn't care less about tiger woods or his car accident  please stop reporting on it  it's not real news   love  <propfemale>
14 days   
"i usually love the rain, but when i'm in a cast on crutches, it becomes the bane of my existence  contemplating taking a cab to school this morning   "
10 days   
wants to welcome the newest official addition to our family - christian <propfirst> lacadie  cheers to adding a new stripe to the ever-growing family rainbow!
7 days   
"just ate what i think was the first steak of my life  it was ok, but i don't get what all the fuss is about  omnivores please e playful lain "
15 <propfemale>s done! now i just need to finish off my reference <propfemale> and review for my review   smile 
done with the semester!!!  smile  back in massachusetts in 4 days  get in touch if you want to <propfemale> out 
3 days   
2 days   
so glad i took a day off  i actually feel human again 
"1 day (and, yes, i will be flying home to a blizzard) "
"4 days  sad  jetblue cancelled my flight home, and they're all booked up until wednesday "
2 days   
tomorrow! woot!
i'm leaving on a jet plane   i'll be in <propfemale> tonight!
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
is watching the <propfemale> bowl  go bc!!!
is taking pops to see sherlock holmes tomorrow 
"sherlock holmes was a great flick  pops and i both approve  (and rd,j is so sexy!)"
just saw sherlock holmes again  it was still awesome the second time around!
"has mixed feelings about leaving massachusetts tomorrow  i'm happy to go home to <propfirst>, sunshine and getting the cast off of my leg, but i'm sad to leave family and good friends behind "
i'm going going back back to cali cali 
a couple of coconut shells
cast off!
is waiting for the simpsons 20th anniversary episode to begin!
hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go!
3-day weekend - then the semester gets underway 
is excited for the symphony tonight!!!
"yay, sleep! that's where i'm a viking! and i beat the pants off the cowboys! go vikings!"
things are looking up even though the rain is coming down 
is e playful ecting <propmale> to come by in his arc any moment now 
blue skies smiling at me  nothing but blue skies do i see 
go jets!!!
"it's time for learning  get ready, brain!!!"
"<propfirst> <propfirst> larocque - february 5, 1941 - january 28, 2000   i can't believe it's been ten years  you'll always live in my heart, mommy "
"strives to love more, accept more and judge less - i want to be more like my mom "
finance 600 just may be the death of me 
it's muppet week! change your profile pic to the muppet you feel is most like you  no reasoning behind your choice is neccessary  just have fun with it! then post this on your status!
go to urbandictionary com and look up your first name  copy this in your status and what urbandictionary com says about your name in your first comment 
is sick and had to cancel her birthday trip to san <propmale> to see real live pandas for the first time ever   sad 
"upon waking this morning, i managed to knock over every item on my bedside table, including my cal rep water bottle  i had left the cap on the water bottle loose so i could open it easily in the night to quench my thirst "
is 33!
thanks to everyone for all the happy birthday wishes!
"starting a new semester is like getting caught in a riptide  it sucks you in, throws you around, and when you come out the other side, you feel lucky to be alive "
"leggings are not pants, ladies! that is all "
my bus got hit by a car on my way to campus today  the hits just keep on coming 
is looking forward to a time in her life when a weekend is actually a weekend instead of two extra days to do hours and hours of homework 
is heading to la for day #2 of the commercial theatre institute 
"monday, monday, can't trust that day "
is sick  boo!
discovered that wearing a surgical mask while on crutches is a surefire way to discourage people from asking about how i ended up on said crutches to begin with 
just got some amazing news! i'm going to be the publicity manager at williamstown theatre festival this summer!!!
earthquake? i snoozed right through it 
too damn hot!!!
is so glad to stay in tonight 
and it's uni with the upset  go panthers!!!
"you may win this battle, finance 600, but i will win the war!!!"
9 1 2 hours until spring break!!!
is e playful erimenting with crockery 
groan
"um, excuse me, could you please turn down the suck? thanks!"
sending lots of love out to my family and wishing little christian the best baptism ever 
is drinking her first <propfirst> summer of the year  i almost forgot how delicious they are 
4 days 'til theatrefest!!!
"theatrefest is over! i'm slightly less exhausted today than i was yesterday, but my right hand has mysteriously swollen to twice the size of my left "
is going to see the language archive at scr tonight!
booked her flight to massachusetts  i'll be there may 26 so i can <propfemale> out for a week before moving to williamstown for the summer 
"is off to <propfemale> <propfemale> then to culver city to celebrate <propfemale>'s birthday with some cuban food  even though she's not on fb, i'm sending lots of birthday lurve to my big sis "
so much to do! eep!
drag show tonight!!!
"happy mother's day to all the amazing moms out there  even though my mom is not on the earthly plane anymore, i would not be the person i am now without her  my memories of her still help to guide me through life "
"make your mom your profile picture  thanks for the idea, <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
"my last class in the theatre dept  is today  i have a giant hairy beast of a finance final next wednesday  then, i pack up all my worldly belongings into a storage pod to stow away for the summer  after that i move across the country for the next three months  life is an adventure, but sometimes it makes me tired just thinking about it "
last day working at cpac before i leave for the summer 
is sad to miss bay to breakers today but happy to attend the lb pride parade instead  i've got to get going - i can hear the dykes on bikes already 
"alright, finance - it's on tomorrow! just you and me  then sweet, sweet summer "
four days until the big move  this will be my longest stint in massachusetts since i moved to california twelve years ago 
"packing, packing and more packing  three days!"
is in <propfemale> for the summer! one week to relax then off to williamstown theatre festival!!!
sending a big congratulations to all who are graduating today  next year won't be the same without you 
is happy to be with friends and family in a place she loves 
starts a new adventure tomorrow 
"finally has internet access in my office! (yes, i realize it's sunday - i think i'll get a day off in a couple of weeks)"
is e playful ecting <propmale> to float by in his arc at any moment   
"saw some birds cooling off in the sand in a parking lot as if it were a birdbath the other day  poor, stupid little birds "
just saw <propfemale> hecht read the declaration of independence  i love williamstown!
met <propfirst> sondheim tonight  my first startstruck moment in a really long time  i  love  williamstown 
has finally gotten into the wtf groove  now to try to get my life on track again   
went for a run today for the first time in almost a year  hope that the injury plague is gone for good - and i hope i didn't just jinx myself 
"facebook recommends that i might like cycling and smoking  interesting combo, facebook "
there's a big part of me that doesn't want to go back to real life (read: long beach) at all 
"saw the last goodbye tonight  it was amazing  i was an emotional wreck at the end of it, and you know that doesn't happen to me very often (at least not from works of fiction) "
just got up from a nap  now time to make dinner 
feeling antsy 
blargh 
"is again a person who makes plans for things to start at midnight  thank you, wtf  i haven't done that since my san <propfirst> days "
"first weekend off all summer!!! in fact, first two days in a row off all summer "
is going to drown her sorrows in <propmale> and soy cheese 
had an awesome beach day with the girls 
last day in williamstown  sure was a crazy summer!
left williamstown this morning  back at my pop's then on to long beach on friday  i just realized today is the first day of cal rep week  and i don't have to be there for the first time in 4 years   smile 
is back in socal  sleeping on a comfy pad on the floor until i can move my stuff out of storage  can't wait to have my own bed back 
how is summer over already? classes start tomorrow  blargh!
will be moved in and sleeping in her own bed for the first time in 3 5 months on monday 
just ate so much that i can't move  i need to learn to eat more earlier in the day so i can avoid this in the future 
just booked my trip home for the holidays  i'll be there for a month and can't wait to see all my east coast peeps again 
"\i like to tie my cat to my fist when i punch someone  it makes the whole situation more intense \"" - ronan m  kilkelly"""
"is sending best wishes to all involved in waiting for lefty at cal rep, most especially to her awesome roommate  <propfemale> crocker!!!"
"it's brothers week  if you have a brother(s) who have made you laugh, \stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw \you fail, cheered you on, made you strong, and can't do without  copy n \paste on ur <propfemale>  (love you, d-rocque  oh, and the other one too  smile )"
it's too hot to study - my brain is melting 
"is eating the most amazing salad right now - mixed baby greens, black lentils, baby heirloom tomatoes, beets, avocado, red, green, and purple grapes with miso dressing - delicious   smile "
"i changed the way i live my life because your death came much too soon  miss you lots, <propfemale>!"
i like it under my desk 
is jealous of everyone who gets a 3-day weekend  <propmale> day doesn't exist in ca   sad 
hopes the giants can pull it together 
eff
beat the panthers!!! go <propfemale>!!
does not feel well at all 
apparently being sick for a couple of days last week wasn't enough  the germs came back and are staging a revolt in my lungs 
officially has the 'itis 
"dear giants: \thank you for not blowing it \ love  <propfemale>"
is spending halloween rooting for the orange and black  go giants!!!
please remember to vote tomorrow - it's important!!!  love  me
"heat, heat go away - come again some other season   "
"so, about that 3 8 magnitude earthquake this morning with the epicenter 1 5 <propmale> from my house, i slept through it "
just bought myself an early christmas present - tickets to see phish in worcester on dec  28  i'm so excited i can hardly contain myself!
"22 days 'til the lsat, 28 days 'til home, 39 days 'til phish  did i miss anything?"
"saw <propmale> potter today, and it was great!"
"love, laughter, life, family, friends, new beginnings, adventure, fun, health, nourishment of soul, mind, and body - these are just some of the things i'm thankful for  happy thanksgiving, everyone!!!"
"\how much tea do you think i can drink in 20 days?\"" <propfemale> crocker"""
watching elf with <propfemale> crocker!
"just realized i'm going to be hooded (twice!) in may 2011, 10 years after graduating from college in may 2001 - crazy "
"via my cousin <propfemale> <propfirst> lacadie: \thinking of my uncle on this world aids day, he died in 1988   miss you uncle <propfirst> "
\twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that\ecf1bc03058c83d786b37ec33a0ada48,\keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions  small people \,ecf1bc03058c83d786b37ec33a0ada48,"just heard this on a tv commercial: \you slice it thick on christmas \"" wtf!?!"""
"in the next nine days, i will take the lsat, complete an is case study, take finals in econ, hr and is then fly to the east coast "
"is giving up for the night  i tried to work on my is case study, but i'm way too distrated by the lsat looming on the horizon  it's tomorrow - eep!"
"dear brain: \just keep working for the next two days, then you can go on vacation  thanks!\love,\<propfemale>"
finished my finals!!!
"it's snowing out, and i'm inside sharing the couch with <propmale> larocque 's two crazy kitties "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
did it up new england-style - christmas lobstah dinnah 
snow!!!!
so excited to see phish tonight with henok habteh-yimer! also excited to be on fb using my new kindle  i just figured out that i can do this 
"i'm so excited about 2011! this year, i'll be finishing up two master's degrees, i'm moving back to the east coast this summer, i'm applying to start law school in the fall, and i've found an amazing man to share it all with "
"hello, long beach  74 and <propfemale> is great  the loud-ass ice cream truck stopped in front of my house is not "
"to all my friends on the east coast annoyed \the high temp was 80 in long beach today  come visit me before i move back this summer  don't miss your <propmale> to escape the cold  \\love, \e"
"copy and paste this if your mother is in heaven  if roses grow in heaven, lord, then pick a bunch for me  place them in my mothers arms and tell her they're from me  tell her that i love and miss her, and when she turns to smile, place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for a while  i love you   i love and miss you mom?"
lunch and a surprise matinee in hollywood today with winter <propmale>  i  love  birthday surprises!!!
go packers!!!
thanks to all for the amazing birthday well-wishes  i'm verklempt 
