10243047f69d5606afa94d156607d8e0
damn phone
had the coolest dream about skydiving
"oh yeah, great summer ahead of me"
fml
wants to fight!!!
feels sick  fucking swollen tonsils
"<propfirst> the grouch is a douche, but wormy is a bad ass!"
boredom is the grease of bad plans
who's your favorite super hero?
trogdar!
freakin awesome weekend
when is everyone back in <propfirst>?
muahahahahahaha! fear the power of my internets!
green warrior needs food badly
if only i had cybernetic limbs
anyone in <propfirst> before and around the 27th should come and sword fight on the 27th  it'll be sweet
is finding it extremely difficult to study and do homework
"damn, i need a baseball bat or a katana in case of zombie apocalypse   "
sword fighting is like nothing else
muahahahaha! no math homwork this week! victory!
i think i can feel my brain melting   
why do i always get sick after thanksgiving?
have to love doing math finals without a calculator    mmm mmm failure!
omfg!!! kotor mmo!
my stepdad and i have triumphed over technology!!
   
anyone else just want to crawl in a hole?
why is there so much noise?
aren't beautiful women supposed to make life better?
i just don't understand why so many people like bad music
nothing beats bracers and a sword for christmas
whew! my future seems a little bit clearer
holy shit! asuo rocks my socks! $3200 for new realm weapons kicks so much ass!
"geology rocks! shut up, its not a lame joke!"
"busted up hands, feels like i've been fighting for hours for some reason"
"ah, dang!"
"tell me, what proof is there, but the proof of the suffering of man?"
"ha ha ha! hon, i will make you my biotch!"
"oh my god, mass effect 2 was one of the best games i've played in recent memory!"
can't freaking wait for sunday!!
"sweet deal, meps on my birthday"
i bet you it we they i can't
"and now, for an announcement! i've just joined the us navy, and am shipping out to basic training in late october  just wanted to let people know"
i laugh at my brother who has to do hardcore workouts while i get to play basketball for pt!
"so    lego is making a new mmo, is it bad that i think it looks pretty sweet?"
"alright 100 push-ups program! i will conquer you in six weeks, and then i will bask in my glorious new physique!"
"sometimes, you feel something in your gut, and you just know it's right and that you're going to win"
"good luck <propmale>, kick some ass"
"damn sickness, making me feel sick"
finals done
i don't understand why the lysol no touch hand soap dispenser states that there are many germs on your soap dispenser  whats the point of getting the soap if you're not using it to wash your hands?
when the world comes crashing to ground   
found floundering fearfully in a frozen fjord
"come home with your shield, or on it "
"oh man, i love google, savior of my ears for reminding me to call my mom"
bike rides feel a lot better when you're in better shape
lysol: it's sad that you can sell products like hands free sanitizer and toilet cleaning agents and that people actually buy them   
i want to be in boot camp now
seeing and hearing what marines go through in boot camp just makes me want to kick ass in navy boot camp
rawr
"gorillaz in the morning, excersize later, good day"
http annoyed  xkcd com 244 
"sometimes, you just need to relax for a day "
wh47 0ccup!35 j00r 7h!nk!gz?
annnd computer caught a virus  no internet or computer games until it's fixed   
hmm    three weeks is a long time for boredom
"paintball tomorrow, haven't played in years, can't wait to shoot people!"
"so, i'm exhausted, dirty, and bleeding in several places, but paintball was worth every minute"
"teeth feel clean, but i hate the dentist"
wisdoms are getting pulled tomorrow
"all done, fell asleep, had it done, didn't even realize it had happened  now for recupperation!"
stupid teeth holes
"if there is one thing i hate more than losing, it's losing 6 times in a row due to teammate incompetence"
muahahahahahahaha!
"there are only two things in life: sexy, sex and boring death "
cooking food and picnicking!
anyone in need of a bed and mattress?
why does technology hate me?
"in all likelyhood, i'll be at the end of basic training when christmas comes around  i might not get vacation time until after a-school, either, so i'm curious when i'm going to have christmas   "
i'm a violent sleeper
29 days!
"ifanyone would like to <propfemale> out, i have  little more than a week till i ship out for basic  let me know!"
6 days left!
"i leave for portland tomorrow, from there, it's to basic training"
3 more weeks until i graduate  hope to see everyone when i get back for christmas!
graduated boot camp!
"good luck gabe, hope you feel better soon"
first day of many to come 
"just ran a 5k, feeling pretty good!"
and now i'm very sick
"scored top two in my class, 95% on my test  kick ass"
