4d3a4f7bff83120ce2d21ac35b655bfa
sigh   i'll miss 2009 
cinderalla had until midnight   i had two weeks   but i still didnt see everyone~     oh well   see you guys next christmas 
i like eggs    smile 
i like my ringtone 
"if anyone needs me, i'll be at the usn station "
for brevity's sake   my new sn is pfcyeung
is loaded   on pepsi  smile 
anyone wanna duel me?
japanese food is a ripoff   8 pieces of 1 5 inch sushi   for 12 bucks?!
"keeping my swords sharp, don't mind me "
i am a united states sailor  i will support and defend the constitution and i will obey the orders of those appointed over me   i represent the fighting spirit of the navy and those who have gone to defend freedom and democracy around the world   i am com
my dad just found out obama is the president   
back from san <propmale>   
"what   , there is no <propfemale> 56 "
chewing on raw beef  mmmmmmmmm   
"people, if you need to contact me, please do so with a phone call  my texting <propmale> is too high  thank youuuu"
"i bought a kodachi  next, probably a few katanas  <propmale>, contact me "
people   i find no point in projecting your voice when you are standin right in front of me  keep your damned voices down!!!
lawrence   i'm coming for you 
took a taxi home 
will not be available for next three days 
i'm back 
where is the love   
?????
i'm a wise guy   smile 
y'know what peoples?!!! none of you can eat more rice than me! got that?! i am the <propmale> of eating  rice!!!
"i like strawberry milk  don't really know, why, but to me it tastes better than chocolate milk "
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!
"when i find that ass who keeps smoking weed near my house, his head is mine "
finished the navy fitness test 
the sword is mighter than the pen  i dare anyone to prove me wrong 
may not be able to leave the house for a few days due to family problems   
lock and load 
just drank half a gallon of milk 
costco pizza smile 
"why does everyone procrastinate with their summer reading? why cant y'all just ignore it outright, like me?"
"anyone wanna learn martial arts or lion dance, contact me plz "
i can't feel   can't think   can barely stand   i'm either going to have to sleep now or look for a coke  i think its in the kitchennnnn      
i'm getting a driver's license!!!
"so   if i put myself back up on friends for sale, how many of you would buy me?"
my whole upper body is sore   -_- plus i think i injured my thumb 
????!
"looking for me? sf  state tomorrow, usn station thursday, uc  <propmale> on friday "
going to <propmale>
i'm back 
3 18 targets hit  just terrible 
ah   milk  and cheez-its  i love life 
"*sigh*   well   if i cant find a job in the medical field, i can always be a mercenary "
"\pain is weakness leaving the body \"""""
????
"m4a1 carbine=the most rigged weapon in cs  30 rounds per clip, holds 90 rounds, crazy accurate, good power  and it goes through walls  really, not much point in putting in so many weapons in v1 6 when this one is obviously the most broken "
why is caramelldansen so damn addicting?
someone just fired off a  45 round near my house   
has anyone played fire emblem 6?
i think im gonna stop by that bookstore on 19th ave sometime this week 
the hour calls  farewell   
"so, what'd i miss?"
iraq sounds pretty good right about now   
will be back in san <propfirst> by dec 19 
the fact that we have a mcdonalds on base is nullifying all the pt we do every day   
why am i the only male in the barracks with a size 29 waist?
i hate flying
back from <propmale>   
<propfemale> christmas   for real this time 
i got contact lenses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
loading up on rice before i go back to base   
changing my profile pic soon   
"final fantasy 1 for psp   not recommended  the gameplay and storyline are the exact same as ff1 and 2 <propfemale> of souls for game boy advance, with only slightly better graphics  the soundtracks are the exact same as well   better to get ff sad risis core "
damn drunk people    
the world's finest navy   u s  navy  we kicked japan's ass    
i was on patrol yesterday   and i saw a dude with an axe   
call of duty: world at war is so much better than modern warfare 2
i put a hole in the overhead while performing colors 
this place makes me wanna kill myself    
is now officially cpr qualified 
i just heard the english version of shen hua   my ears are in pain   
just finished call of duty on veteran mode   
att makes my blood boil 
i use bacon grease to shine my shoes 
who plays fire emblem for ds?
my phone is working again  same number  (415)-418-8543  call me if you need me 
love blooms in the hearts of young lovers on this day   and i'm on duty  no love for me   
love kills more than hate   
just gotta put this out there   i really really like pandas 
"if you got a notification from me saying i tagged you in a photo, dont look"
"whoever made that damned spam application that almost just took over my profile   if i find you, i'm so gonna chop your head off   "
my boots just caught on fire   
"\kung fu is not about how many techinques you know  it's about how many men you can kill with the techniques you know \"""""
life is so much more frustrating when you can't just settle every dispute with a duel   where is the sense of honor these days?
i got ripped off   
i   hate   loud   music   
i drank 1 and 1 2 gallons of green tea 
it's not the same   
why are all these random people adding me
i'm think i'm gonna buy a ps2 
what's dead already can't hurt you   unless you're up against a necromancer with lvl 30 corpse e playful losion 
i volunteered to go to iraq 
i totally just realized the clock jumped an hour forward   
death before dishonor 
i hate rap music   
"damnit, i dont need your twice-damned healthcare  i want my money back"
"nsu's are the most useless uniform ever  they are niether ceremonial enough to be worn on formal occasions, or practical enough to be worn in combat  why do we have these absolutely useless, yet still inspectable pieces of crap?"
"so   i got pokemon soul silver   and i have 7 badges so far   and two pokemon in my party  so much for \gotta catch 'em all \"""""
"who needs a sniper scope, i got a bayonet "
i hate nko   
duuuuuuuuuuuuude   i am totally hungry   
this place sucks  a few months living here and i went from a nice tan to pale as a ghost   
"dude, i am sooo tired of making my rack  where's them thumbtacks? here we go    smile "
forgot to put this out  i started smoking two days ago 
i like grand theft auto
methane is not flammable  i farted on my lighter and nothing happened 
i should really stop drinking red bull   
sailors have the biggest balls  in no other branch will you see an e-1 tell an e-9 to go f*** himself 
looking for a durable dark-hued wood to make handles with 
too many friggin' parts on a  50 cal mg   but at least it's durable 
"oh great, the whole barracks is on lockdown "
really high pitched voices are not cute  they're just annoying    
warcraft is better than starcaft 
   and now i have 1(a) more reasons to shoot myself 
"i wanna get assigned to an lhd   or maybe an lha, was it? some sorta amphib, preferably "
"picking orders in 2 days  hoping to be stationed in any of the following   california, japan, korea or afghanistan  iraq "
"and my fate is decided tomorrow  hopefully a good one, but i'm prepared for the worst "
"some retard is about to get stabbed  i dont care if you are drunk, drugged, or just flat out stupid, touch my friend and i will end you "
just bought sc: broken <propfemale> and ff: crisis core for psp 
"failed the shooting tests   can't leave great lakes till i pass  but on the plus side, i still have the fastest quick draw on the m9 "
i passed the m9 test  lesson learned  do not drink an ass-ton of red bull before shooting 
"orders have been confirmed, i'll let you guys know where when i'm back in mid-june "
gonna buy a gun while i'm back in cali  planning on joining the nra 
i like apples
"the u s  navy  because we all know we cannot fight terrorism without elegant homemaking skills  making racks, endless cleaning, giant f@#kin' human flags, ironing clothes, folding clothes and shiny shoes are a day in a sailor's life  moral of the story? join the army  hooyah army!!!"
"okay   internet's up  oh yeah, for all who don't know, i'm back in california  will be reporting to nas lemoore on sunday 27jun10 "
"among the various heaps of uniforms, weapons, and trash in my backpack i found a card filled with the wishes of those who sent it to me  thanks, guys "
took the nhqc today  the good news? i scored sharpshooter  the bad news? now i gotta buy the pin 
i got a question for the ladies  do guys look better with or without facial hair?
do you think of the value of a human life before you pull the trigger? i sure as hell don't  i love you paycheck 
almost payday  i love the smell of money 
"got pictures of me in several different uniforms  unfortunately, i left the cable that connects it to the comp in sf "
i forgot how much i liked lunchables
"red bull never gave me wings, gatorade never turned my sweat blue  i hate you advertising"
the female of the species is always the deadlier   especially when there's seven of them 
nostalgia is highly underappreciated   
just bought call of duty 2
it could all end so easily   
"http annoyed  tinyurl com 6xk3sq \guys: we should all be as manly as this guy \ladies: please refrain from watching"
"sometimes, there's things in life that can't be avoided   you hate doing it, but it's gotta be done  otherwise, drastic consequences can occur  i hate doing what i'm about to do but it's gotta be done   "
"kimchi w  miso, fishcake, and rice  i looove dinnertime "
if i ran for governor of california   
"sometimes, i just want to copy someones else's status word for word just to see if they notice "
"juk, miso and salami go surprisingly well together "
about to see if <propfemale> ume makes a good glaze for ham 
"i wish squareenix would make a final fantasy fighting game  like tekken or streetfighter, but with ff characters "
"since i won't be around later, i'll say it early  in remembrance to all who died (and their families) on sept 11th, 2001  we still fight for you, 9 years later from the day that changed everything  also, hope the loss will be minimal and that everyone who is safe now is kept safe in the san <propmale> e playful losion, sept 9th, 2010 "
man that was a good nap  14 hrs i'd say   
"its been a year from the day i started boot camp  chief plummer, chief <propfirst>, and petty officer(?) turner, thank you for the training you gave me \and on another note   for everyone in 394 395 who took the pre 9 11 gi <propmale>, our payments are now done  smile "
i   hate   flies    
cleaning guns is so much easier than cleaning trucks   
love how the first thing i do when i get back home is hop on facebook 
"didn't know it was fleet week in sf, but love seeing the blue angels nevertheless "
back on base 
homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without the proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised to them!!! yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first!!! 1% will repost and the 99% of people on facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this 
i saw a tumbleweed today 
i don't feel so good   
hooyah giants!
starting to reconsider a career in pharmacy    
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody
"you can't just speak plainly with superiors   so you just gotta suck it up and keep it bottled  but when the bottle breaks, then what?"
miss the taste of pho   
the hell's the point of fightin' if i aint gettin' paid for it? i don't work for free!!!
got a free jacket! now i gotta shrink it   
it feels so good to be home   
"thankful for my friends, family and my paycheck  happy thanksgiving!"
don't wanna leave   but i gotta earn my keep 
crap   i'm outta batteries  guess i gotta go for now 
i cant tell whether i'm more hungry or sleepy right now   
it's past midnight   and i'm still at work  i want overtime   
weekends are not long enough   
hate it when my foot starts itching while i'm wearing boots   
<propfemale> christmas guys (and girls)  keep safe 
i don't even wanna look at another m16 for the rest of this weekend   
i'm an underpaid slave   
studying   
i hate having to constantly sift through amv's and dubs to watch shows on youtube   
"[snagged from <propfirst> quan]\like my status & i'll comment answering annoyed 1  whats your name saved on my phone?\2  how long have i known you?\3  what's my most memorable moment with you ?\4  do you mean a lot to me?\5  one word to describe you?\6  would i care if i lost you?\7  what i love about you?\8  what i hate about you ?\9  would i date you?\10  you've just been dared to make this your status  >)"
????!
"i've lived in san <propfirst> my whole life, but i've never rode a cable car   "
all good things must come to an end   leave is no exception 
i got through cpr training   without breaking the dummy this time!
add me on xbox live! gamertag: pocketcanteen
"poll: soooo    i'ma st<propmale> posting <propmale> to fb soon  fire emblem or final fantasy concept <propmale>? <propfemale> based on <propfemale>7, ff based on tactics advance series  vote by midnight  (don't even comment on this post if you haven't even heard of either series   )"
meds finally kicked in   
"please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face, except a punch in the face  93% of people won't re-post this  why? because   they probably need a good punch in the face!!  laugh   love 3"
"i've never smoked weed and i've never been drunk  post this as your status and whoever likes it, thinks you're lying "
like this status if you ever told me to put on my glasses
i better iron those blues   gotta look sharp tomorrow  so much fuss over one night   
"in an attempt to stifle the accusations that i live under a rock, i listened to the popular song \friday\"" on youtube  living under that rock was pretty comfortable now that i think about it   """
"this is ridiculous   illegal immigrants are overruning our country, stealing our jobs, our healthcare, our money, etc   just why aren't we getting rid of these people? 13 dickhead just tried to cross the border in usmc uniforms, if they can afford cammies they can afford some damn papers  to sully a uniform that brave men and women die serving in, it's horrible  those guys deserve to be shot "
call me!
"okay, since notes don't seem be working correctly right now, i'm just going to say this here  i noobtube  i camp  if you don't like it then suck it up and do the same to me "
where the f*** is the rest of my money???
f**k you summer weather  stop melting my pocky sticks!!!
"i ask that all legal gun owners put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment, and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!!!     i hope to see this re-posted by a lot of my friends  remember, if we outlaw guns, then only outlaws and governments will have guns!!"
"if you just got a message from me with a link, dont click, it was an auto msg by some weird app!"
"like my status and i will tell you annoyed 1) how we first met  (if i can remember )\2) my first impression of you  (if any at all  i try not to judge )\3) what i like about you \4) my favorite memory of you \5) if you like this you've gotta put this as your status \\doin' it again  wink "
