5af20e11bf07b2c5c921ae61c65bf39c
happy new year!!!
gettin off in a <propfemale>  txt or fb email 
dang lock in got cancelled
happy weekend!
its finished!!!! (rules project) yessssssss!
ku all the way!
map testings over!!!!!!! woohoo!!!
somebody wanna do a movie tonite? txt
i wanna change my status but i have no clue what to change it to 
<propmale> nd <propmale> r losers if u didnt kno that yet
wof was fun today  rode the ripcord  peed my pants  playful  haha i like <propmale> people more  playful  haha jk    mayb
ummm if my statuses look weird its cuz fb mobile is bein stupid
skool sucked today  id rather live in wof with my friends   playful  haha txt plz  no swim tonite  smile 
my dads nice  hes makin me walk to central  o joy
1 day till chicago!
who knew that in the last week you cld have like 5 projects  irk
wof!!! woohoo! had fun after graduation last nite! txts  smile 
skools out for summer!  smile  txt!
muse just got cancelled  sad 
everybody needs to txt me when they're done with stupid <propfemale>!! i'm reallllly bored!
summers over!!! haha no sleepin in n e more till 10! get to wake up at 6 o clock! woot!!  playful 
is it wednesday?
"\kaleigh! theres little kids in the area!\"" \""she said it first!!\"" hahaha nice one @<propfemale> pryor"""
great game!! i really could care less who won but still a good game  txts!!
great game!! i really could care less who won but still a good game  txts!!
okayish schedule i guess!
good day so far!! goin to eat at hooters and then go see a tbonnes game for the birthday this weekend  except i play baseball all weekend  annoyed  texts please!!
haha fail!! first time i changed my pic the thumbnail was heavens face only  playful 
good day so far!! goin to eat at hooters and then go see a tbonnes game for the birthday this weekend  except i play baseball all weekend  annoyed  texts please!!
playing baseball for the bday  annoyed 
thanks for all the wall posts everybody!!
leaving for mexico!! slept horrible last night and got 3 hours of sleep  no texts while im gone  sad  sorry!!
mexico was amazing!!! be jealous of my tan!  playful  texts please!!!!!
got a laptop   kind of  waiting for the geeks at best buy to add all the stuff on it!! hopefully get it back this evening!!
lovin the new laptop  got it yesterday 
first day of skool was pretty good  getting ready to go to practice so no texts 
this sounds really mean but im laffing at all the peeps in <propfemale> arts who have 500 and 1000 <propfemale> essays on the first day  playful 
anybody else hated how we listened to the same thing 8 times the last two days?? texts  smile 
has anyone else seeen that they're putting avatar back in the movies again?? whats up with that??
sooooo confused right now   texts
"went to ravens last night  for a \party\""  playful  hahaha nice to see everyone again since i dont have classes with them  sad  mayb trails west later today?? texts """
my phone broke!!!! ughhhhhhh  my left and right buttons dont work which is the only way to text  and do most everything  fb message me i guess if u wanna text 
im really used to the weekend lasting like 3 months   annoyed 
football game tonight!  see everyone there!
"i would be sad, but i was leaving at halftime anyway!! <propmale> and darian= love  bahaha jkjkjk  swim meet tomorrow  looking forward to getting up at 6 quite a bit  texts for a while, then bed "
headin to the swim meet  wish me luck!
hi this is <propfirst> i kidnapped <propfirst>'s phone and his status haha  smile 
did good today i guess  just layin around the house tonight 
who's going to festivus?
swam again today  cut 2 seconds in the 100 back!!!! good day  got home b4 4 which was awesome  thinkin bout goin to bed  texts for a while 
10:10 on 10 10 10!!!
8th in the 100 back at conference!!! i automatically medal now  smile 
headin to wof  smile  good day  smile 
snow!
i hate being sick  annoyed 
snow day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
snow day number dos tomorrow!  anyone up for some sleddin??  laugh 
"wtf  why do we have skool  i cant even get out of my house  annoyed  and no, i cant make my dad change it  playful "
i'll see ya guys on friday  wink  no school!!  smile 
no skool tomorrow
