269a060dd4028f054e5fc5c5e0e892c6
"wonders    how long is it acceptable to leave up christmas decorations? i mean, when do people start giving you odd looks when they see the christmas tree?  smile "
"has to drive today   sad  within the next hour, actually "
"will be spilling ketchup on her shirt in 5    4    3    2    oh, there we go "
"has probably gotten 13 hours of sleep total since last thursday night  and no, she doesn't have a good excuse as to why "
"thinks it's hot outside  just in case no one got that little memo  yay, second day of summer!"
wonders why they ruin perfectly good raviolli by putting this weird stuff in the middle  wait    it's because then it'd just be pasta 
"is still eating a chocolate <propfemale> she got for her birthday    in april  it's a good <propfemale>, though    i think it was from <propfemale>? yes  thanks, <propfemale>, for the yummy chocolate <propfemale>  the closest thing to a friend i've spent time with this week "
"is loving vbs so far! the music is great, as always   smile "
is baking cookies!
happy 40th man-on-the-moon-iversary!  smile 
"wants waffles  or maybe pizza rolls? ooh, or sweet tea!    ok, actually she just wanted to update her status, but she couldn't think of anything better to say   smile "
thought of all her dear texas friends today as she took a stroll in the rain  and she laughed 
has blisters on her feet  ow   
"had fun today! happy almost birthday, <propfemale>!"
"has six misquito bites and one unidentified bite from camp  my mom says it looks like a fire ant bite  but there are no fire ants in kansas, are there???"
is frustrated  it seems like everyone is assuming i'm falling away from god just because i'm about to start college  and what am i supposed to do on wednesday nights now that i'm no longer in the youth group?
"thinks she should buy post-it notes for college  i looks like they'd come in handy, don't you think? that's what i need to buy by saturday- post-it notes and a hand-towel     and a bag of jolly ranchers!  smile "
"is thinking    is it really only 2 days from now? wow, time flies "
is at baker  yay  but i can't get my internet to work!  sad 
still can't get her computer to work! agh!
should have eaten dinner tonight  i'm hungry! but it's ok- i have jolly ranchers   smile 
"woke up at 6:20 on her last day of summer  why, you ask? well, she doesn't know, either  she also just found out the has a 300+ <propfemale> book to read by class friday  how    lovely   annoyed "
"paid way too much for books today  people are always talking about how e playful ensive the nursing program is, but i've never heard anything so bad about music!"
"hates trig! she's not even in trig! why is she studying trig? argh!!!    welcome to college, yes?"
has internet on her computer!!! *sings* i'm so happy! no more midnight library runs! *does a jig* did i mention i was really happy?
loves my zeta roomies!
"feels a general feeling of comraderie with her rommates, who have both recently become affiliated with a sorority by the name of \zeta tau alpha \"""""
thinks she had a dream earlier about doing her math  and now she wishes it was true   sad 
can't help but get the feeling that she forgot to go to something today  like go to a class?maybe a meeting? hmm   
's dog died today  very sad  9 smile 4am  rip <propfemale>   smile 
could really use a big bottle of sprite and a nap 
"wonders how long it's going to be before her next free weekend  i mean, seriously! is one free day too much to ask???"
"hates the feeling at 2 o'clock when everyone else is done with classes but her  3 classes left today, what's wrong with this picture?"
"is totally going to make s'mores in the microwave  not right now    but when she buys some marshmellows   smile  speaking of mircowaves, does anyone have any good ideas for mircowavable meals?"
"keeps telling herself to start her calculus homework, but she just won't listen "
"wonders if getting 8 hours is the same as sleeping 4, 2 and 2 hours in one night  if so, she got a full night's rest  if not, it e playful lains why she's so tired   smile "
isn't sure where to go from here        this isn't where i intended to be        love   love  my heart is black from the pain i must endure       but god is my refuge and my strength  in him alone i will trust  not in the forces of darkness that plague this world in which i live          amen!
"today is my granny's birthday  it's also the anniversary of the founding of the first birth control clinic, as well as the anniversary of the execution of <propfemale> <propfemale>  so on that note, happy birthday, granny!  smile "
"really, really dislikes music theory  who cares if it's a diminished seventh chord or only a half-diminished seventh chord? i don't!"
needs to develop healthy sleeping habits  and eating habits  and study habits 
just noticed that she has the same number of freinds and photos of herself on facebook! how awesome is that? maybe 219 is her lucky number?
"wonders    is it sad that i don't want to make any new friends on facebook, just so i can keep my number of photos and friends the same?"
"just finally finished her paper, and is now heading back to her dorm from the library  just in case i go missing, someone will read this and know where i was supposed to be  see, mom?  and you thought i had no sense of self-preservation   smile "
is appearently worth $36 when combined with a <propfemale> pie  is that a good or bad thing?
is awake at 2 smile 0am  and doesn't know why 
's wall is no longer domintated by a single conversation! now it almost looks like she has friends!  laugh 
needs to go to walmart sometime beteen now and friday at noon  she's half-tempted to go tonigt at 11 surprise 0 just to avoid the crazy thankgiving black friday lines 
doesn't think she remembers anything she learrned before thanksgiving break  and doesn't really care to remember 
"is done with her first (and arguably worst) final! done with essays for this semester, at least   smile "
"just had the worst piano jury ever  then again, it's the only piano jury she's ever had   "
hates technology  or maybe it's technology that hates her  seriously 
has decided she want her hair to grow back out to the length it was in her profile picture  if only that could happen overnight   
has suddenly come down with a lovely bit of allergies  how    irritatingly unpleasant 
"still can't leave the house  not just because our streets aren't cleared, but because my mom panics at the the thought of her children in the snow (just on foot) for more than 5 minutes at a time  grr "
"is going to finally leave the house tomorrow, for the first time since thursday! thank goodness!"
"this is a request to everyone who lives anywhere near me    if you haven't thrown out your cardboard boxes from cristmas yet, can i please have them? i need them for a \little\"" <propmale> project i'm working on   smile \",269a060dd4028f054e5fc5c5e0e892c6,"is sick of the snow days!!! one was fun, two was ok    but three is too much  grr "
is fighting the urge to write a really melodramaitc status  maybe it's due to the sleep deprivation 
"will probably be spending less than $50 on books this semster, due to a combination of thrifty-ness and pure dumb luck   smile "
"how common is it to be able to put in contacts, but not put in eye drops? because i freak out every time that stupid bottle comes near my eye   annoyed "
"i have 7 classes on wednesdays! calculus, piano lessons, voice lessons, psychology, la112, choir, and intro to education     i think i can safely say i will hate wednesdays this semester "
"just came across the name \laurel orrell \"" poor girl """
"someday, i will have my own house  and in that house, i will have a tv  that tv will have a remote  and i will be in control of that remote  oh, how i long for for that day   "
"i am so bored!!!! i've been sitting in front of this computer for 4 hours now  and i have 1 more hour to go  and then i'll do it again for 2 more hours  and yet, my homework is not getting done, for some reason "
"word for the wise- when the orthodontist gives you a retainer, wear it  because  putting it in after not wearing it for 4 months hurts like the dickens  seriously   annoyed "
"i'm losing my voice! im singing notes i've never been able to sing before  seriously, how often can a soprano hit notes below low c?  smile "
"don't you hate those 5 minutes before you go to class, where you can't really start anything, but you can't really leave yet, either? and then you're just stuck making a quick complaint about it on facebook   smile "
"you know you're in college when you look at the clock, see it's almost 12 smile 0 in the morning, and think to yourself, \hmm    maybe i'll go to bed early tonight \"""""
"i've been practicing a song for the last couple days, wondering why the chords sounded wrong  then i realized what the funny little \x\""s next to the notes mean  how did i ever pass music theory??"""
"just had the rudest girl at fantastic sams cut my hair in under 4 minutes  then, after being a total snot, she offered me a lollipop  she couldn't have been over 24 years old  i do not like that woman  or my haircut  or the fact that i look like a child, appearently "
"just listened to the entire soundtrack for the last 5 years  thank you, <propmale> rector, for giving me a copy of one of the most depressing collection of songs i've ever heard  what's worse is that i can't get the songs out of my head   annoyed "
"it's 5:16am, and i'm still trying to figure out a single calculus problem  i finally gave up, so now it's onto la, honors salon reading, and psychology  and yet i still find time to make this my facebook status? what is wrong with me?"
"i cannot believe i'm stupid enough to forget about homework until 6 hours after it's due  i'm guessing my professor won't be taking it late, huh?  annoyed "
"this week before spring break already feels like an eternity  they really are making us earn our vacation, aren't they?"
"i just spent 2 hours at baker scanning pages out of a textbook  hello, spring break   annoyed "
"my work ethic is so strange    i've been spending weeks trying to clean my room, and i always end up doing something else  then, i randomly decide to play my old gameboy, and next thing i know, i'm vacuuming  how did that happen?  annoyed "
"is an idiot and forgot to put her sheet in the dryer  now it is 1am, and she's doing laundry instead of sleeping  since there's nowhere to sleep   playful "
some guy is in our house looking at <propmale> our tvs and writing down their model <propfirst> and such  should i be concerned? is my dad that naive? are we about to get our house broken into and <propmale>l our tvs stolen? he said something about tv ratings   annoyed 
my birthday is in a week! is it sad that i hadn't even been paying attention?
"ok    now that it's 3am, i really need to stop watching youtube and start on my paper  shame on me "
"i have jubilant song stuck in my head  it's annoying  especially because it's just the part where we sing one obnoxiously high note for 20,000 measures "
"just wants to go home and sleep  but there's no rest for the weary, i guess  or the lazy people who like to put off every assignment until the day before (aka me)   smile "
"just found out that her history teachers weren't giving conflicting stories of the boston massacre, after all  yes, it was winter- march 5  and they were throwing snowballs, but they were appearently also throwing rocks and insults? it's sad that the only version i remember learning in school was the one that made it seem like a christmastime snowball fight gone wrong   annoyed "
just found the bfg at a garage sale! totally made my day  what a great book   smile 
"just realized that the latest microsoft word has a little word count at the bottom, so you don't have to click the button anymore  how nifty is that?"
3 more days of class!  laugh  (please tell me i counted that right!)
the foot just fell off my penguin earring! how sad  i like these earrings  maybe they would look better footless?
just got in my first car wreck  i never struck myself as the kind of person who would start crying from a fender bender  but whatev  piano juries in less than 2 hours!  annoyed 
"just finished a 1000 piece puzzle in 6 hours! that can be interpreted either as really impressive, or really pathetic "
to any of my friends who know history (especially apush peeps)    i was told recently that the separation of church and state falls under our 1st ammendment rights  how accurate is that?
"just realized that in the pilot episode of glee, the little background \doos\"" are doing moonlight sonata! totally made my day  are they usually \""doo-ing\"" classical music? i've never paid much attention """
"this dumb cough has kept me up all night  it woke me up last night, too  this is getting ridiculous   annoyed "
the cough didn't wake me up at 4am this morning! what an improvement  it woke me up at 6am instead  this it now 4 nights in a row that i've been awake at odd hours! tomorrow: california!
i don't care if running around in the rain didn't help my cough- it was totally worth it   smile 
at an ipod store in california! the original one!
"found out today that my knee is actually injured! if i was an athlete, i'd have to miss a few games  but instead, i'll just have to take it easy on the vbs motions   smile "
"oh, how i love doctor who  i will never insult british television again!  smile "
"thank you, south korea, for putting up illegal copies of tv shows for the world to see  i am forever in your debt  i just hope i'm not paying in computer viruses "
i have now officially attempted to apply to 14 different places in gardner  still no job  grr 
"i probably just got more of a tan in one day in kansas than i did in a whole week in california  so not fair  (granted, that's not really saying much )"
i got a job! i got a job! i haven't been this excited since i got my act scores back!  laugh 
ahhhhh!!!! i am so freaking happy!!!!!!
i just got the pilot episode of hot in <propmale> for free on itunes!
i really need to make more friends  especially around gardner  it's kinda borderline pathetic 
i need more that 5 hours of sleep a night  and yet it never happens  why?
"anyone need somewhere to go july 4th? come to my house! my church is having a party, so there will be lots of free food, plus a perfect view of the fireworks! 7pm! (come on, you know you want to!)"
"not even 2 more days! (yes, this is one of those cryptic countdowns, where no one knows what i'm talking about )"
it's so funny when my texas friends gets nervous about the tornado sirens   smile 
does anyone have an ice cream maker they would like to share? i'm willing to share the ice cream! it's just that no one is selling any right now   annoyed 
makin' homemade ice cream! my life feels just a little happier than it did 4 hours ago!  smile 
root beer floats- do you put in the ice cream or the root beer first?
"you can tell we don't have a mom in the house right now- our freezer has 3 different kinds of popsicles, plus a box of ice cream  i love it   smile "
"turned away from yet another job  you know, if they'd just looked at my application a month ago, instead of assuming i was 13 and telling me they're not hiring (there's a hiring sign on the door!), then maybe we wouldn't be here  i'm not happy  i'm going to go drown my sorrows in a root beer float "
"vbs is awesome! exhausting, but awesome  just sayin'  can't wat until tomorrow!"
foud bible drill cards online last night- i was reading verses i didn't know i knew! it's pretty cool how our memory works   smile 
i'm up at 2am looking up next year's vbs already! big apple adventure- new york theme! and the theme song is catchy   smile 
"is it sad that i nearly went to walmart today to get a \happy birthday harry\"" cake?"""
i can't believe im going to england in 24 days! that's so surreal 
about to drive to arkansas! wish me luck- i'm not sure my attention span will hold out for that long!
note to self: 7-hour road trips suck when you're going by yourself  especially when traffic in the middle of nowhere turns it into 8 
"quick question to my baker friends in honors salon- which section are you in, tuesday or friday? i asked about staying involved in the honor's salon, and now he's making me pick which section to be a part of   annoyed "
seven days  i'll be on a plane to england in 7 days  holy cow  should i maybe start packing?
"so, looking up england weather     didn't realize that i probably wont see 70 degrees again until next summer   sad "
"attempting to fill the house with exactly 52 balloons for my mom's birthday  (no she's not 52)  i've got the balloons, but i'm not sure i've got the lungs  anyone wanna come over and help out?  smile "
about to pack the laptop  this will probably be my last facebook update from gardner until december  i'll miss you guys!  smile 
"safe and in england  wow, i'm in another country   smile "
"went to a baptist church this morning  funny, even baptists in england provide food after the service! granted, here, it was just tea, coffee, and biscuits- no fried chicken   smile "
"falling asleep in class while wearing a shirt that boldly proclaims \wake up!\"" now that's irony """
so hungry     i need to get some snacks next week to soothe these late-night hunger pains 
locked myself out of my room when i only have 2 more hours to finish a homework assignment  brilliant  also brilliant: the first thing i do when i get back in is update my status 
"so    i'm starting to think that maybe my meet-a-family's thank you card wasn't the best place to practice my cursive    well, too late now   smile "
"i hate my <propmale> class  for being a 105 level, it is way too much work  it kinda makes me want to yell and throw something  but since my roommate is sleeping, i'll just settle with a frustrated, late-night status  ugh! <insert throwing pen across the room here> "
"every time i go get food in grantham, it always seems to dissapear by the next day  hum  you know what that means? it means i should buy more food  piles of food, glorious food   smile "
"me to roommate: \do you know who doctor who is?\""\",269a060dd4028f054e5fc5c5e0e892c6,"so, it's 12 smile 0am, and my clothes just came out of the dryer, still just as wet as when they went in  i guess i'll have to hang-dry them  just hope i don't have to wear wet jeans to british studies tomorrow "
"i still have some salsa left, but i ran out of chips  sad day  now i have to throw out perfectly good food!"
sad that i'm going to miss the fall colors in gardner this year  someone take lots of pictures for me!
too many tests in too little time    can it be wednesday night now?
"just got my first letter at harlaxton!!!! <propfemale> bales, you are currently my favorite person   smile   smile   smile "
really wishing i'd taken ap euro in high school  it would have been so helpful   annoyed 
nearly got eaten by a swan today  but not before drinking out of a 3-foot straw   smile 
"my mommy (<propfemale> munnerlyn townsend)  loves me  you know how i know? becuse she sent me <propfemale>  <propfemale> corn and jolly ranchers and gum    and fuzzy socks  that's right, be jealous   smile "
"for some reason, i can't get on the baker website from harlaxton- i haven't been able to all semster  so, i can't check my classes at all, and i really need to start planning my enrollment for next semester  grr "
just saw a spider crawl over my toothbrush  it is going to be very difficult to brush my teeth tomorrow     someone please come squish the spider  now i can't sleep  o o
"i now know how my foot became injured  it must have been some sort of karma-like retribution for forgetting my dear cousin, <propfirst> romack , in the postcard to his family  and i totally deserve it  sorry!"
eating an apple that came off of the <propmale> tree in woolsthorpe  maybe i'll understand my calc now   smile 
"just heard blood-curtling screams from outside my dorm  a bit concerning, to say the least "
"i have to admit, i love the random bits of hail we get around here  it's so weird!"
it  is  cold!!!
"<propmale> prof annoyed what does this shape mean?\""\",269a060dd4028f054e5fc5c5e0e892c6,"just realized that i haven't seen the latest glee yet, but only because i've been wtching a 5-hour version of <propfemale> eyre  after a 90 minute animal farm, after a 4-hour hamlet (with divid tennant!)  ah, bbc    my new procrastination technique! i already have north and south (4 hours) and pride and prejudice (6 5 hours) lined up   smile "
"mr c  is 2-for-2 on spelling texas as \texes \"" haha """
"playing \ghost in the graveyard\"" + 1 smile 0am + england + being found last every time = awesome """
"rip, <propmale>  even though i was slighly afraid of you, and you tried to eat my foot,  i was also very fond of you  you shall be missed   love "
rocking out to 5-year-old vbs music  i already can't wait until next year!  smile 
"looking forward to burning guy fawkes tonight! yeah, that's what you get for trying to blow up parliament!     your own holiday   ?  playful "
i've found the only reason i'd want to leave harlaxton    the spiders  too many spiders 
"so, i lost my ticket during cadbury world, and almost didn't get to go into our last exhibition thing  then i got a picture at cadbury world, but left it on the bus  then, i got my mom a gift and accidentally dropped it, smashing it to bits  that's what kind of day i've had   sad "
wrestle-a-thon = epic  totally epic 
writing a term paper on <propfirst> whitacre  seriously best paper topic ever   smile 
"so    <propfirst> is fun, but i'm totally kicking myself for speaking in spanish on more than one occasion, and occasionally even mashing the 2 together  jambon    not a word  especially when pronounced \ham-bone \"" and the guy at the desk thinks it's funny to make me speak french  this will be a long weekend  lol"""
"in order to further worsen my fench spanish confusion, a man got on the metro today and started singing \la bamba \"" darn him!!!"""
"put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was \killed at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry when it was under \siege by death eaters in the second wizarding war  over 50 citizens died\in this terrorist attack  93% of people won't repost this; will you be part of the 7% that will? repost to show your support of dumbledore's \army"
"bored to pieces  does someone want to do my 2,000 word essay for me tonight? come on, i've already done almost 150 words of it!that's over 5%!  smile "
"it is currently 5am  i am at 900 out of 2000 words  i have my info, i have my outline    more or less  and    i have my calculator, which tells me that if i type 6 words per minute, i can be done before british studies at 8 smile 0 this morning   smile "
"paper update: 2:23pm  word count: 1,729  i need 271 words in the next 2 hours and 37 minutes  perfectly achievable  if only i had 271 words to say "
i'm looking for shoes to go with my faerie <propfemale> comstume for the costume ball saturday    does anybody have anything they'd be willing to let me borrow? i'm a size 6-7  i would be eternally grateful   smile 
so    the sun is already completely down  it's 4:45pm  this is wrong in so many ways 
"i was singing today with the small group choir, and it reminded me of how much i miss <propfemale> vargo and <propfemale> <propfirst> and our high school soprano-ness  and our 3-part harmony-ness   smile "
"so, the <propfirst> whitacre presentation went really well  so, i'll probably get a c  maybe a b    it was a-level work for a 100-level class, but that doesn't seem to matter much to    a certain professor "
so    i didn't even realize that tomorrow was thanksgiving until yesterday  kinda sad   playful 
so    very    cold   
"i just got a huge craving for a sonic burger  2 more weeks    mom (<propfemale> munnerlyn townsend), we are stopping at sonic on our way back from the airport, fyi  you don't really have a choice   smile "
snow on the first day of the christmas season  heck yes!    though i do wish snow didn't have to mean cold      annoyed 
i just taught myself to almost-whistle! this is so exciting!  laugh 
this place is honestly too beautiful for words right now  i feel like i just stepped into narnia or a snowglobe or a christmas scene from <propmale> potter  it's just    magical!
went sledding for the first time ever today!  laugh 
"next sunday, i'll be with my church again! i am so very excited!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"had a dream about going home last night    the most exciting bit was when i pulled out my cell phone, turned it on, and was able to send a text   smile "
"leaving harlaxton in 5 hours, 50 minutes    "
"leaving harlaxton in 3 hours, 45 minutes    ish   "
"home and rested  so happy to be home, but so sad to leave harlaxton!"
my dog is rolling in my clothes  i think she missed me   smile 
"so, i found out all my stuff has been distributed while i was gone    my mom took my towel, jerod is wearing one of my t-shirts, and they used my snowman decoration as a white elephant gift  love you too, guys "
three words: american peanut butter!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"to all my harlaxton friends stuck in heathrow, i have two things to say annoyed 1  schadenfreude  \2  i'm praying for you guys, that you all get back home safely and by christmas morning   smile \i know these are conflicting feelings, but what can i say? i'm a complex individual, full of contradictions  like the victorian <propfemale>   smile "
just set the doctor who theme as my new ring tone  heck yeah!  laugh 
learning how to set my status from my phone!  smile 
"happy christmas, everyone!"
so    anyone have any great new year's parties they want to invite me to? i have sparkling grape juice!  smile 
"is about to die a slow, painful death caused by her brain short-circuiting  darn you, intro to modern hebrew!!"
coffee-flavored ice cream = best invention ever!!!!
"i think i've just invented the best hot chocolate recipe in the world  it probably contains enough calories to last you a week, but it is so good   smile "
"first time i'm sick in 2 years, and it has to be the day before spring semester starts  hopefully, i'll be better by tomorrow "
"prayed last night that god would make me well, and he did! no fever! isn't he great?  laugh   laugh   laugh "
i want to be in england!!!  sad 
"first snow day of the year, and it's on a day that i didn't have class in the first place  i'm hoping for a second one tomorrow, so i can actually benefit from it   smile "
"who came this close to passing out on stage today? yup  this has not been a great start to the semester in choir  lost voice, passing out, all in only 2 weeks? what's next?"
"hoping i'll be better by tomorrow    i asked on monday if it could get any worse, and i ended up with a fever for three days  this is seriously the sickest i've been since elementary school  but i can't miss class, so i've just completely worn myself out     woo hoo   annoyed "
"me: i want chalk hearts, but i'm not going to get any, because i don't have a <propfirst>!  sad \<propfemale> munnerlyn townsend: well, i respect you \jerod townsend:     i tolerate you "
completed another slice of my pie in aleks today! i feel almost comically proud of myself   smile 
"according to just about every statistic i've found online, i have a below-average reading speed  i don't want to come across as presumptuous, but this cannot be right  what am i doing wrong?"
"remembered today why i hate going to the dentist  i have to get 5 fillings now  five! and one of them might turn into a root canal   annoyed  i dislike my teeth, too "
i hate that moment when you get out of your car and then suddenly realize you left your phone at home   annoyed 
"just got my first birthday card  nice try, state farm insurance, but my birthday is april 9th   smile "
got a summer job!  laugh   laugh   laugh  and it's gonna be great   smile  <--note the extreme happiness
"just tried to look up <propfemale> <propfirst> on my phone to find prom pictures, and typed her name as a status instead  oops  hi, <propfemale>!  smile "
"i'm now at the point where i have to decide whether to get 2 hours of sleep, not finish my paper, and be sorta loony all day or stay awake, finish the paper with tons of typos and weird bloopers only made when a person is half-asleep, and learn nothing tomorrow  i choose spending 5 minutes making this my facebook status "
my summer enrichment project this year- learn to sew  maybe   smile 
"i'm still getting emails from disney for the \townsend family\"" from the california trip last summer! it makes me both nostalgic and annoyed """
"does anyone on facebook at 1am understand c++ enough to help me with an assignment that was due over an hour ago? i don't understand functions   sad \\(side note: never thought i would say this about a class, but when on earth will i ever need computer programming? really?)"
"public pole: which is more ghetto- still having your christmas lights up (and lit) in march, or using said lights in place of a fence?"
