1ccf0b1994a3b7891b5b3b14ec75bdf9
welp quality ass nightt not gotta get ready for some quality volleyball
quality niggggggght! now gotta get ready for some volleyball! im pumped
great summer weather
beautiful weather = beach + volleyball
beautiful weather = beach + volleyball good stuff
got the top off the jeeeeeeep
putting top on jeep    its gonna rain tonight
hoping for  a quality day
pissed grounded
missing out on a quality night    im pissed
wow lets get the day going
frolfing new shoes beautiful day top off lets get it going
so i got traffic school
frolfing! then    goodness tonight!
warped tour tomorroe cabin fri    good to go
frolfing anyone?
bored as nuts    maybe lv days
schedule 1) sales & marketing 2) prob & stats 3) modern lit  4) p e  3 4 5) psycology 6 -  smile  tech campus
straight chillin
holy bored out of my mind!
so chillin at <propfirst>'s  i finna be chiefin and drinking maaaaayne
lindenfest tonight  good to go
blink 182 tonight
so uh where da party at
i know where the party is tonight
us seniors better make this year crazy!
please weekend come    lets get back to partyin
gotta be kidding me
weekend come early!
going to northern heeeelll yeah parrrrty!
waiting for the keggar at niu!
so niu was a success! with amus and jacqus and danathen the british man
sick   
tomorrow is gonna be fun
hopefully northern tonight
movie with <propfemale>  smile 
last night was quality  today lets get it going
sometimes    you know what i'm saying  why can't everything go wrong cuz everytime i want it to go right it goes wrong 
good to go
bout to get it going
mind working like the <propmale> wonka factory
<propfemale>'s   
let the third eye open
run with your shoulder down and meet the immovable
ill get back to you
its like you cant choose between right or left when you wish you could only go straight   
sometimes the evil you know is better than the evil you dont know
would love to open his third eye now   
i heart my pumpkin named blumpkin  smile  snuggle wiff me at da movies
watching one tree hill  smile  favvy show everrrr
so that last status was scid <propfemale>  but anyways    its just you and the world nothing but the world always there seas of green is what i see making friends along the way and building friendships as they've stayed the nights are freedom and the days are rolling so lets get this winter going
so bored
one can become two when you release your third eye holes can always be filled its either you or no one who is going to catch it wating on the clock is doing nothing
"\one can become two when you release your third eye\"" \""holes can always be filled\"" \""its either you or no one who is going to catch it\"" \""wating on the clock is doing nothing\"""""
some people just dont know the potential   
sometimes i wish life was in park   
maybe one day the sun and the stars will meet   
work    grounded    dammit   
home now late for work grounded what the hell
the game needs change and im da muthafuckin cashier
"i see the world second, and i get high first    no celings"
"im sky high, i dare anybody to cut my wings   "
"the world is in my hands, and i keep my hands closed   "
brainstorms take me away from the norm   
i havent met a smell that stinkier than our shit
im more animal than the zoo allow
maybe someone will understand the truth    its great!
hopefully the night goes well    bp 4 life!
table   balls   cups   cases   
you make me forget how to breathe   
i love to snuggle wiff mia and <propmale> and watch glee jersey shore one tree hill  love   smile !
cwisttmas time is huuur
loves <propfemale> and kaylaaaa
"is in love with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and andyy  love  snuggling upp and watching a christmas movie drinking hot cocoa  i wuuuv christmas timeeee  smile   smile  !!"
chillin
feeling lonely    wishes things were different   
fuck lakes and the administration
chillin on a friday night
i love sex
balllllsssssssss
work in a little bit and then my saturday night is gone   
college life needs to start now
whasup whasup
bummer of a night     seriously
copy this into your status and see what people rate you!!!! 1=crazy 2= i'd marry you 3= talkative 4= sarcastic 5= i miss you 6= club head 7= moody 8= dumb 9= mouthy 10= spoiled 11= random 12= hot 13= funny 14= fit 15= amazing 16= cute 17= gf bf type 18= player 19= i love you 20= gorgeous 21= the best 22= tough
quality night ahead
ffwd to summer   
so whos comin to western with me?
senior memory book is a joke
hoping one day you can be mine   
so much on my mind   
does anyone wanna do something? seriously
so i'm not going tomorrow
already excited as hell about college
golds gym is kinda badass  anyways lets get friday going
chillin in macomb  wiu
too early
i think i finna be a leatherneck
thank you to all my friends and family
"killswitch engage, devil wears prada, dark tranquilty tonight hell yeaaaaa"
so last night was insane  philswitch engage was sick! ttwar!
screw school  how we lookin on a snow day?
straight chillin
niu   
finna rock this shit harddd! at niu   fuck yaaaaaaaaa 
i love penisssssss yeaaa  love 
hatin school
welp off to school
i need to see <propfemale> in wonderland    making the trip to the booms and western 
so lets get tomorrow night going  im pumped 
"bummy day, can't wait for summer "
there are always new doors to be opened  open them up and see whats inside  dont let anyone tell you how to live  it's either yes or no  live your life 
there are always new doors to be opened  open them up and see whats inside  dont let anyone tell you how to live  it's either yes or no  live your life 
late start today quality
crazy weather
im going to break the sky barrier and touch the <propfemale>  im gonna be the man on the <propfemale> 
quality late start
kalahari today    gon' be sweet!
"what am i doin? what am i doin? oh, yeah, thats right, im doin me im doin me im livin life right now, mayne and this what ima do til its over til its over but its far from over"
damn do we gotta get this going o waitr it is
im doin me im doin me im livin' life right now til its over
let go out with a bang
"is so excited for prom with my best friends!! mia's bday party on friday, hell yeah! i  love  my brother, <propmale> meatball  smile "
gotta kick it in gear
so    whats goin on?
so lets see i have been working since 9  finished 2 senior memory book chapters  got another one of em ready to be done  finished amendment government paper  finished government worksheet and vocab  working on prob and stats packet  holy balls and still wide awake
blue <propfemale> you saw me standing alone without a dream in my heart without a love of my own blue <propfemale> you knew just what i was there for you heard me saying a prayer for someone i really could care for
"earth day, go green"
cubs win!
holy prom! letsget it goin'
quality night
welp wipin' the slate clean    what to do   what to do   
quality rest of the week
senior ditch day hell yeah
so much work to do   
"our father whom <propmale> in chicago, hockey be  thy name  thy will be done, the series won, on ice as well as in the  stands  give us this day, our hockey sticks, and forgive us our  penalties as we forgive those who cross check against us  lead us not  into elimination but deliver our pucks to the back of the net  in the  name of the chicago blackhawks, amen!"
tonight turned out quality
wishin you would walk through that door   
off to schoooooool
school is almost over    hell yeaaaa
going to a gay saturday detention  screw that
geeked up
nice quality night  2010 summer is gonna be off the walls
1 more day    summer will be good to go and a full go if ya know what i mean
summer 2010 is about to begin
last day of high school ill miss yall  2010 summer finna be sick
"goodbye high school, hello summer"
graduation practice? gotta be kidding me
this night finna be flyyyy
graaaaaaaaduation
work at 4 to close    noooooo
work again    cabin tomorrow
let get it going
sweet work til midnight
woah
see ya there tonight
one word    gone   
i like men  smile 
blackhawk parade success
im flowing like liquid
boom boom pow
p o p 
tornado basketball quality
anyone up for a lil o i u ?
quality crunk by pool
leaving to stay
work
its time to touch the sky
paging dr  faggot
soooo tired
ill be your crying should ill be
sorry going to summerfest to see 311!
frolf?
stealing happy hours    yaaaa
quality 10 hours of work  floating in my mind no sail 
so    whats going on tonight? no work tomorrow!
girl where you at? ive been waiting too long for you
lets get it going
cabin! so pumped! peace
holy <propfirst> this is nuts!
im tired of listening to it  dont tell me anything im not going to believe anything anymore  i dont care if its the truth or not 
getting new tires on the voooooooolv!
hungry!
sucky day
i can't see you from up here sorraaaay
sick time at the cabin  back to reality 
wooooooooork
this day sucks
hopefully tonight is quality! summer is almost over   
runnin the table tonight
new phone hell yea
bored
sooo tired! work blows
happens everytime thanks
someone want to do something!?
real sh*tty   
going to be the worst weekend ever
your going to miss out on something special  what did i do wrong
"back, lets get it get it"
so when do you go off for college?
so dead
whats good? tomorrow finna be sick
such a quality night
sad but fun night  love you bros
first stop purdue success
the first weekend of gay clc was quality cant wait for the next one
chill weekend in the lv
uic is where i be
homework chill day
ended up with a wheelchair last night   
sleeeeeeeeeep goodnight
my birthday! finally im 18!
we'll save the festivities for the weekend dont worry
thank you to everyone!
work
chillin
see ya at niu peace
where have i been the past 3 hours  ?
last night was bomb  tonight is going to be wreckless 
<propmale> recovery day ehh   
niu this weekend was sick  time for chillaxin and football  go bears!
olsen!
bears win! ugly tho
today blows let's do something
ugh    school 7-10
so tomorrow is going to be sick
minnesota is crazzzzaaay
trip university of minnesota = success
deuces
so fun at home
dropped her off late with sticky face so a kiss on your cheek is your mistake
fine like a ticket on the dash
qual night
sittin in english so bored
whats everyones skype account name?
lets get a football game going this weekend  down?
hahaha lol <propfirst> you left your facebook  on lol its your sister but im logging off now!! bey bey love you   love   love 
clc party yesssss
school   
m i a 
"i dont care what they say, i live my life day by day, like everything is ok, guess thats the reason i pray, light up and blow on this hay, hoping it take me away, a world where i want to stay, so i can be m i a "
i want a tat   
n i u  tomorrow  if your not there your not cool just sayin'
such a crazy night    recover   
where's my fine lady?
"gimme dat motivation\let me kill it\come get a taste of this potion\nothing can touch this shit\balls to the wall\im a take it all\no doubt\im a sit here and shout\you wish you could be me\just keep on with the envy"
frolf in a bit? chillin with bros later  oiu for <propmale>
midterm    balls
lets play football! seriously   
im so beat
bears   
i'm so beat
horrible day
niu tonight? anyone down? i can't drive tho   
quality night to come    good2go
well that was an interesting night    wow
propisition 19  vote yes
i wish you were allowed to vote in other states   like cali
"what to do, what to do   "
looking forward to the weekend
niu peace
school   
codbops
waking up at 5   
shoot dat 30 point <propmale>    
8 hour trip then school    cool
home! native american heritage month respect
needs motivation for this paper
stuffed   
work in the early morn'
can't wait to break out the 670
niu tonight    4 wisdom teeth out 8am tomorrow    what a mission
bad day    hurtin
out of it  wish this day never happened 
bears win
cant sleep    this blows
stressin    wish i had money
not a lot is going good right now    money seems to be the answer almost all the time  wish i had some
tgif
dominated a burrito mas grande from gj's
what a bummy saturday  where's the snow?
just chillin doing nothing
gettin on that grand <propfemale> status
qwop
studying
nerds
last final then sledding  ? {([o i u ])}
long day at work and a busted <propfemale>
midwest copier party at 1!
"birds flying high\you know how i feel\sun in the sky\you know how i feel\breeze driftin' on by\you know how i feel\it's a new dawn\it's a new day\it's a new life\for me\and i'm feeling good"
home! great weekend back to work  noooo
bored
weekend is almost here!
<propfemale> christmas!
amazing christmas    bears v  jets game in the morn  go bears!
gotta do the cooking by the book
tickets to wiz january 21st rave  siiiick!
comon' new years
just ordered 2 pairs of boxing headsets and a pair of boxing gloves  hell yea
so pumped for tonight! p o p  {([o i u ])}
confused   
having a real hard time trying to sleep right now   
work sucked    getting ready
sick    goodnight
alaska can come too
i hate being sick!
i want to frolf so bad right now
ridiculous
can't take it anymore
black holes
does anyone know that it was 11:11 on 1-11-11?
snowmobiling trip tomorrow     outta this town peace
great time up in the u p  home now glad everyone made it home safe
comon bears
bring on the pack!    pussys
work tomorrow    noooooo
who's going to wiz?
1st day of class    ballls
i'm so pumped for this weekend  wiz and wik's
gettin' paid then wiz    this weekend is going to be bomb
wiz
wiz was crazy!
"wiz was bomb, now to niu    yessssssss"
bears offense need to get goin'
successfull weekend    misses summer
doesn't feel like doing anything til class  mondays suck and so does this town
we are country place hoodlums what can i say?
can't wait to have my own place
i'm movin' like <propfirst> in my room!
i'm at isu is there a place to stay cuz i don't have anywhere  its cool coulc anyone snag me?
this snow is g
freeeeedom! done shoveling the driveway!
i like how if you had drank and or smoked anything at lakes you were shunned    now the people that did the shunnning are drinking smoking after making it a big deal  whuddup with that?
thinkin'
what a crazy night!
this super bowl is gonna blow
short hair
so much going on
speech is the worst class
bummy mood
national geographic is so sick
js for life
apparently last night was fun    niu trip was a success
midwest electronics recycling
getting an apartment this fall  need 2-3 more people 
damn it feels good that it's the weekend
<propmale> <propmale>d and <propmale>dy is on cartoon network right now yesssssssss!
welp my weekend might be screwed
if you put hidden camera in front of people's houses you would have some funny vids because i have wiped out 3 times stepping outside   
beat 
$10 = 2 8 gallons suck!
spread your love and fly
dead from work   
dat new new
blues brothers is on tv  classic
so its a saturday in lake county   
"gotta get out of this house,\from these restrictions and rules that i live about,\gonna start a new life,\almost wanna stand up and shout,\your like broken answering machine with one tone,\thats why im going off alone   "
wouldn't want to be in front of my rage    becareful
yaaay i'm sick!
there's a danger in starting a fire
on my level
can't wait for the bros to get hur
j o b  1 5
tiff is the sheitttttt!!!!!!
beautiful day \i feel better when i hear them say\,1ccf0b1994a3b7891b5b3b14ec75bdf9,im ready for the games to be played 
this weather is perfect for a chill sunday  i'm not doing much today
fgn
"i'm not addicted, i'm committed "
wish i was at the cabin   
"friday, friday, friday"
"party all day,\party all night,\you say you wanna party,\let's party alright"
i can't believe i'm just driving around right now  lame county
getting on that quad status tomorrow
ei ei uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!
bout to take a drive by myself    hour and ten minutes to niu sounds good
