d6f4d22b854ff61f85813d1941998193
"today was an amazing day, one which i could not be more grateful for, oh wait, yes i could    i can stop getting annoyed that my internet is faster on my prepaid virgin mobile phone than on my computer at home! word of advice to everyone, if you are poor and can not afford anything other than dial up, get off your lazy butt and go to the library, trust me, it's not worth the headache, lmao"
"    nah but for real, i couldn't ask for a better day  miracles happend all over the world august 2nd 2010, and one miracle was blessed upon my family  (no, im not talking about me, c'mon now, i need all of you to stop for a moment, get up off your knees and think of someone other than me, you can go back to worshiping me tomorrow, lol) "
"when you wake up every morning remember that we are put through trials in our life, not to break us, but to make us stronger  always keep your head up and stay positive, and miracles, like the one with my uncle, can happen everyday  i love u all "
everyone say a prayer for my grandpa  he is being admitted to trident hospital 
"i feel like my life is going in a million different directions, rather im being pulled in different directions  every one needs to calm theirselves and realize that, yes, i am wanted and needed by everyone else too, so does this mean im perfect? i think so  feel free to comment, i love peoples feedback  lmao  i need sleep "
really  that is all  go back to what you were doing 
tgif! so ready for the weekend to be here 
she is driving me mad  i gotta <propfemale> in there  any suggestions how????????????
i wanna go fishing   sad 
errr drivers piss me off  no need to be so damn rude 
not a good day at all 
is thankful my boss bought me lunch! i was starrrvinngg 
tgif fo real!!
is getting the <propfemale> of the trucking business 
"i dont wanna close my eyes  the circle of life sucks monkey butt,  and why does it seem to be human nature to remember our worst living nightmares so vividly? bleh  i wanna happy pill  lol  just kidding mom!  my happy pill be guitar hero these days    let me fall asleep with the guitar in my hand and have precious dreams of being a rockstar! lmao   yeh rite! if only  im rambling  think im lonely  every1"
"i need to go back to work, tis my escape "
my head hurts 
head still hurts  lol 
oh happy happy friday! yay 
omgggg im sooo slammed at work  dunno how im <propfemale> gonna catch up  blahhh
nutin but pure kraziness 
can't focus  hm 
"cant stay focused and is being invaded by <propfemale> little fuckers called ants at my new castle! they shall enjoy their last day on earth, because tonight, i fight back damnit!"
is extremely grateful my wonderful cousin sent me to work with a fabulous lunch! <propfirst> <propfemale> ~ your lasagna kicks <propmale> ass! thank you!
oh happy day! tis be friday!
<propfemale> monday! bring on the weekend!  smile 
and the countdown continues    and yay i didn't scew up at work like everyone thought! ha i got this!
"go thrashers! the   blue jackets going down on tuesday! i feel it! go kane # 9, that my boy right there!!!!!!"
"let's go thrashers, let's go!"
"boooooo for no cable, i wanna watch my boyz kick some serious ass  i neeedddd to watch my hockey damn it   smile   any ideas???????????"
"when i see your face\there's not a thing that i would change\cause you're amazing\just the way you are\and when you smile,\the whole world stops and stares for awhile\cause girl you're amazing\just the way you are"
"k, so my boyz have a game tonight, wish i could be there to cheer ya'll on, but i know my boy will kick some serious a$$! go #9, kane!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"we were just warming up last night   fear not, the hurricanes will fall this saturday, fall right on their ass! ha! go thrashers!"
it's 5oclock   time for street to rock!! yeah! its friiidayyy  tomorrow night it's so on against the hurricanes  my boys r gonna kick some ass! i can feel it  go thrashers!
"k, well tonight definately it will be on for sure  my boys put up a good fight on saturday night it looks like   we are just warming up is all  you watch, tonight thrashers will kick some ass   smile "
rawwrrrr! went to grab lunch and i'm soaking wet   sad 
"damnit to hell, c'mon guys! what the hell are ya'll doing out there? 3 games in a row you've lost! gotta be warming up for the season, right??? hope we will make it to the playoffs this year!"
"had a moment of missing the ass holes in my recent past, but quickly realized what i have now   so now i'm like, what the hell was i thinking?? oh right, i wasn't thinking, my bad "
la la la   laaaa     laaaaaa     what's a goon to a goblin    nauthing nauthing!!!!!!!!!!!!! ha  im in a weird mood  hmmm    what shall we play to today brain    the same thing we do everyday pinky     try and take over the worlldddd  muuuhahahaha   smile  it's almost friday    i need a break 
bleh  absolutely nothing is on my mind  i wish this box would quit pressuring me to write about what's on my mind   annoyed 
people suck  i hate that people have the ability to hurt you so fucking bad 
"has decided to let go and move on 100%, not 99 8% but a full 100%  i'm so done "
my foootttt hurts  booooooooooooooo 
it shall be a better day today   smile 
"la la la    today is friday    la la ti da    it's the last day of the work week    ti da la la    do you like my song?? if not, i don't care, cuz it's the weekend! yay  i'm gonna have a guitar hero nite tonight with hauni and jam out alllllll night long   smile  i can't wait! it's gonna be a great night!!!! happy friday everyone!"
"k, forgive me i'm super wired, had a good breakfast and already on my second monster engergy drink! yay! la la la, i'm bout to break out in song, if u dont like it, i don't care  hey u know that song i don't care by apocolyptica? amazing! k, i done for now  you may continue with your daily activities  i shall call upon you before the day is out once more before the day is out i am certain of it  bye my worshipers!"
"fb sux, took me 10 minutes to take my last post and make it 420characters or less    silly monkey butts! you should let me say everything i want to damnit! rawwwrrrr  that is all  continue with your day   smile "
"good afternoon my loyal subjects: wish you all a wonderful weekend and a happy friday  be good, stay strong and we shall continue my master plan on monday to conquer the world  rest up, for you will need it  that is all  you may continue what you were doing "
"so let us conquer the world today my loyal followers  i do not enjoy being broke so i need you all to work double time  rawr,"
"is thinking about hauni, i remember my first practical in college, i was scared shitless    it's like i can feel how nervous she is!!! i just know she will do fabulous though!"
i can not stand feeling that someone is trying to stab me in the back for my good doings    but can't help but to feel this way because of my past  atleast i see it this time? idk 
"ha i made a new friend, his name is monki  he shall be my friend forever and ever and it will be awesome, so bam! ha   smile "
"omg, tis time for the beers or someone to pull the trigger, these phones will not stop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
and i have a spiftacular new phone! so yeah! ha
muuuuhahahaha i now have fb mobile for real wit a kewl phone 
k just figured out what monki is    he is a giant silk worm    look at what is he going to turn into    he is gonna be gorgeous!!!!!!! im so excited 
is stuck in my head  help help help im trapped 
wants to wonder why god choose me to be strong enough to just walk away?
i figured it all out this morning on the way to work    why i was choosen  i'm going to start a riot  let's bring the shyt down before it starts!  who is with me??
is finally at home 
dreams dreams go away  come back how about not another day   smile 
"my head is pounding and i can't see strait! rawr, i have to get my work done!"
"cant stand people, going home, locking the door and not going to open it until monday morning  i'm so freaking fed up with it all  errrrrrrrrrrrrrr"
"k    i've clamed down a bit, so happy friday "
"i is sick of my head hurting  it is throbbing so bad today, all i wanna do is sleep "
and ms  <propfemale> has returned!
"like a g6, like a g6, now im feelin so fly like a g6       what the hell is a g6? my goodness "
when i close my eyes all i see is you
i put my thoughts out here on the internet thinking that you can hear them 
"time heals, time congeals around us\endless hours of wasted moments\understanding, not demanding\your eyes tell what you feel inside"
"you took my hand\you showed me how\you promised me you'd be around\you took my hand\you showed me how\you promised me you'd be around   \i wish i could touch you again\i wish i could still call you friend\i'd give anything\   \and time makes\it harder\i wish i could remember\but i keep\your memory\you visit me in my sleep\my darling"
"you promised me you'd be around   \i wish i could touch you again\i wish i could still call you friend"
"dogs are a good judge of character  always remember, if your dog doesn't like someone, there is a good reason even if you are too blind to see it "
"cant stand certain people, wish they would stop getting underneath my skin, cuz i'm gonna snap here in a minute  and i didnt get my raise  damn it to hell  victory is not mine today "
"counting to 10 before i snap, 5 times in english, 5 times in spanish, 10 times in french, 10 times in <propmale>, and 10 times in latin    nope, still severely irritated  tgif  bring on the budlight "
"rawr, wtfe"
wonders if i'll ever have a fishing <propmale> again 
not a happy camper   sad 
bout to leave work and be on my way to hotlanta!
"okay youre a goon whats a goon to a goblin, nathing nathin you aint scarin nathing "
in <propfemale>    now that its illegal to txt and drive im  gonna be bored    boooooo
haaa less than 100 <propmale> to go 
"coming back to charleston, on the road again      yayyyy  omg this trip gave me the best news ever! im done!!!!!!!  freedom!!!!"
"im back in charleston, back in my routine, but this time having nothing hanging over my head! southside can kiss my ass, i never have to go back! hell to the yeah!"
is burning up 
"rawr, fml"
"people need to grow up and realize the universe does not revovle around them, don't get mad at me for something that is crawling up your ass and dying  and honestly, stop trying to get to me, cuz it ain't never gonna happen "
is starting to realize i don't do well with groups  i prefer one on one 
"dont you love it when you walk into a room, voices quiet down, people are looking at you, then chuckle and say we'll talk later    hmm, gee, wonder who they was talking about "
"playing guitar hero with my bestest friend in the whole wide world, having an amazing night just being me   smile  cant wait to go see my parents and bubba!!!"
happy turkey day!!!
­happy turkey day everyone  notice it does not say happy ham day   so let us not go into dinner eating that of which is not turkey  let us put everything
"who'd ever thought that i would see this day\\where i would see my ghetto life fade away\\cos i was lost and couldn't find a way\and now i look forward to every day"
is getting very fucking pissed off at ignorant people very quickly!
im so deleting my facebook 
"who'd ever thought that i would see this day\\where i would see my ghetto life fade away\\cos i was lost and couldn't find a way\   and now i look forward to every day"
imma go huntin and kill me a fly  watch me 
"let's waste time\chasing cars\around our heads\\i need your grace\to remind me\to find my own\\if i lay here\if i just lay here\would you lie with me and just forget the world?"
"cant decide which negative emotion i am feeling  but no matter what i do, today, i am filled with 'em "
"bookssss are insanely e playful ensive  good thing i only have to buy my math book, the rest of 'em hauni is gonna let me borrow, thank gawd!"
rawr rawr like a dungeon dragon!!!!!!!!!
"i have to pee like something bad and our water is frozen at the office! damnit to hell, victory shall not be mine today   laugh "
"tis gonna be a long three weeks, but i shall get through it  it might get lonely, but tis a test, one of the many i have been put through this year, my last test of the year, i shall pass it with flying colors!"
rawr rawr im starting to feel like a dungeon dragon!
my head hurts 
hmmm   annoyed 
just bleh  wtfe
errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
is going absolutely insane 
the time has come to celebrate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bah fucking humbug
is ready 
is sleepy and hurting  boo 
moms <propmale> n cheese mmm the best ever! thanks mom for sending me back to charleston with left overs!  smile 
rawwrr  smile 
"i dig my toes into the sand \the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket \i <propfemale> against the wind, pretend that i am weightless and in this moment i am happy"
isn't having a good day 
"they are closing in, i feel so suffocated"
"is choosing not to react  \\i could just really use a wish right now "
needs to escape my head 
"am i wrong? i thought i was doing what was asked of me, and now it's all gone to shit "
is feeling anxious 
"and i just can't keep living this way\so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage\i'm standing up, i'ma face my demons\i'm manning up, i'ma hold my ground\i've had enough, now i'm so fed up\time to put my life back together right now!"
feels so alone 
"and i just can't keep living this way\so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage\i'm standing up, i'ma face my demons\i'm manning up, i'ma hold my ground\i've had enough, now i'm so fed up\   time to put my life back together right now!"
all i wanna do is curl up and cry  im done for the day 
is dispatchin today  yay   smile  im kinda diggin dispatchin'
now im feelin so fly like a g6 
is even more nervous about school  i logged on to my d2l today and i have no clue! im so dead! i might have a <propmale> thanks to hauni tho   smile 
i don't know if i can do this  im going to be late for my first day of fucking school because city guys fuck around all damn day and dont get my boxes out  im pissed 
"apparently i over react and stress out to the fullest extent, last night i made it to my seat in class with one minute to spare! thank goodness! it feels good to be back in school"
hauni makes amazing hamburgers!!!! very thankful she made me dinner last night! left overs are wonderful! thank you hauni!!!!!!!!!!!
"drivers are killin it i tell you  killing it! rather, me!"
is grateful for the people in my life   smile 
"here we go again     i have to pee like bad, and works pipes are frozen   again  damn it  :-l"
omg my ear hurts!!!!!! someone please make it stop!
"is mentally, physically and emotionally exhausted  as of 1pm this afternoon i went on what i consider to be autopilot, and here shall i remain until further notice  im just sick of all of it "
today is better   smile 
gots a weird feelin 
cant do a damn thing right today 
ever feel like u just wanna be as free as a butterfly?
can we pretend airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
is over analyzing life again  i need to chill the hell out  lol 
"okay, so check it yo', the wind here in chs is so strong our work trailer is shaking, it feels like its gonna tip right over, lmao "
"want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world\like i'm the only one that you'll ever love\like i'm the only one who knows your heart      "
imma do me 
:-\\
thinks too much 
"so this driver is in here going off about religion and race and i must say he is severely misinformed  im so thankful phoenix high school taught me to think outside the box  i'm soooo staying out of this one, idiot  ignorance pisses me off "
"i fly with the stars in the skies,\i am no longer trying to survive,\i believe that life is a prize,\but to live doesn't mean you're alive\\~nicki manaj"
*sighs* :-\\
feels lost 
"trying not to take things so damn personal today, but it isn't working "
is sick and tired of being a doormat  i'm so done 
*sighs* needs to get over it 
is xcited 
fml! drivers suck and everyone can kiss my ass today 
"lma, walmart makes zero since  so my laptop and printer were in <propfirst>, sc      now it has arrived to the delivery facility in hope mills, nc! wtf dude  lmao  ummm i livvveee in sc  why would they take it out of the state, just to bring it back, can we say noootttttttt earth friendly, geee whizzzzzz "
"yeah i wanna feel the sunshine shining down on me and you\when you put your arms around me\you let me know theres nothing in this world i can't do\\i wanna love somebody, love somebody like you   laugh  and i do   laugh  lol "
is loving my new laptop! its sooooo amazzzing   laugh  thank you daddy!!!!!
"and i’ll take off my halo, if you take off your wings\you don’t have to be invincible cause i sure ain’t no saint\you’ll always be my angel no matter what you do\cause you take me to heaven just by being you "
absolutely nothing 
is going to buy a blood orange tree 
"pretty sad when im the only one that posts on my profile, lmao  good thing im an intravert "
happy hump hump day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate sc ports  dumb-asses!
'it's whatever'
\here we go, come with me\d6f4d22b854ff61f85813d1941998193,"spent the coolest day ever yesterday with my dad and hauni  had an amazing time and will <propfemale> the time spent forever and ever! dad, you are the greatest!"
"hey everyone, friend of mine is doing a statistics project, need some stats, please help and ask people you know and post in this feed if you don't mind   how much money do you spend on average for christmas day and what is your age range? thank you!"
rawr  i is stuffy and freezing and want to go to bed!
"its 4:20, on a friday, and i'm actually done with my work for the day, i can't believe it "
pineapple
weird how something so silly can make you smile 
how many times in one day must i tell <propfemale> to quit licking the damn walls  my cat is a weirdo 
frown is a four letter word  ha!
frog my life 
it's not okay anymore 
