386efc14d4140fa83b76b59344d438e7
is approximately one quarter sunburned and hoping to even the score this weekend at the lake 
would like to go wakeboarding  anyone who can assist her with said endeavor should contact her at the soonest possible convenience 
happy <propfemale> time  sweet 
is still looking for plans for the fourth  ideas?
there's nothing more american than baseball and apple pie  going to the redhawk's game  now all i need is the pastry 
is alone and far from home
wants to go to the store and buy a puzzle but thinks it is quite possible the apocolypse is happening outside and that it would be a dangerous move
is coming to fargo in two weeks  and couldn't be more excited 
thinks anyone who is going to the national youth gathering should come see her at the gathering store while in new orleans  smile 
is living with paperthin walls for 8 days
is enjoying n'awlins  smile 
loves when school gets pushed back  again 
is glad to be in billings?
has got her lunch packed up and her boots tied tight
is excited for a lake day!
"not going to the lake, after all  sad "
can hear trace atkins from a mile away  and does not want to
loves sunday post-church naps!
needs a good slap in the face and someone to just calm her down so she can sleep tonight  any takers?
does not have a problem anymore
is researching cystic fibrosis in athletes  good clinical student 
is watching the season pull up its own stakes
wants a cordless vacuum
loves 6am soccer practice more than she loves lima beans 
is living today in reverse
is starting a list of people who will not be invited 
doesn't want to go to senior next week  sad       hmph     
is not a happy chappy
is perfectly content with a jar of manzanilla olives and a glass of chardonnay
is watching sports and wearing khakis
finds great pleasure in exuberant displays of flamboyance    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=2ezfk7s1nyy
"is so excited for next summer!!!! oh my gosh, may, hurry up!!!!"
thinks 55 is way too many
believes it less and less with each passing day
has discovered that drawing on one's foot is not as effective a method of anatomy review as she thought
"thinks you know it's a good friday night when you've got <propfemale> bbq chicken strips, chocolate pudding, cranberry <propfirst>'s and a carton of goldfish crackers  if this ain't livin    "
is enjoying white wine and country music  only <propfemale> hunstad would understand 
likes staying in her pajamas all day on sundays  it makes getting ready for bed so much easier!
has fast internet  like lightning 
thinks everyone should come to billings for a little visity-visit  smile 
misses all of it
needs the assitance of a statistician  or a pocket sized <propmale> bartz  whichever 
would like to thank noodles and co  for inspiring tonight's supper 
would like for the criminal to return her things  thanks 
thinks that this week is going to be a struggle 
wants sunday to just be here already
"is celebrating slapsgiving!!!! watch out, nate bergman   "
will be back so soon!
14
12
11
9
8
6
4
3
2
zero
is in fargo til saturday am 
is rather jazzed about 12th row at the mn wild game on wednesday  smile 
black
likes christmas break  can it be always?!
"wants a doppelganger, too!"
has got 10 extra credit points riding on 30-23 colts  go colts!!!
thinks this commercial is just cute  http annoyed  www youtube com user google?blend=1&ob=4&rclk=cti#p f 0 nnssuqgkdwu
is not a happy camper 
jinxed? so weird 
misses minnesota 
loves tax time! woohoo refunds!
throws like a girl
is geared up for baseball season!!!  smile 
"   fudgesicles, snickers, twix, peanut m&ms, chocolate milk, hot cocoa, raspberry mocha   the main foods in my life are trending "
feels like insomniac nights of yesteryear  what happened to be an early-to-bed-going grandma type?
"would like everyone to know that there's no crying in baseball, unless your dog dies, and then it's a-ok "
is on her way to fargo for easter
     april fools
loves easter  for lots of reasons  especially jesus  and mini cadbury eggs   smile 
"is looking forward to food, friends, fun, and any other applicable f's "
is feeling rather notified
"last will and testament: in the event of my untimely death, be it due to rollerblading or other catasrophe, <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> beckman get killer bunnies and <propfirst> gets the gas pump painting  (signed in imaginary facebook blood)a moment ago clear"
rather enjoyed the pbr and hopes to go again on sunday!!!
had an enjoyable roadtrip complete with two stops for gas  who knew driving across billings could be such an endeavor 
keeps hearing the raccoon  oh no!!!
"is in fargo for the summer and is quite bored  if you're in town, let's play!!!"
summer has arrived  and it is oh so good 
is so not a fan of crawly spiders in her bed  sick 
"won $10,000 imaginary dollars while watching who wants to be a millionaire  i should totally audition"
has a 10-day weekend  or something like that 
is having a heart-to-heart with <propfemale> higgins
can summarize the highlights of summer thus far in two words: pie & baseball 
is sad for the concordia community and is keeping the jolicouer family in her thoughts and prayers  rip pj 
"has found a new simple joy of life: people watching at the public library  who doesn't love mid-50s men who have crazy fros underneath budweiser trucker hats, wear denim shirts with jeans, and tromp around in womens' platform sandals? oh, and did i mention the huge carton of chocolate milk? priceless "
is in phillayyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had the most ridiculous day
"misses philadelphia  hey <propfirst> beckman , <propfemale> <propmale> , & <propfirst> hogemark     let's just go back? and get water ice and cheese-steaks!!!"
had a fabulous time at the garrahan wedding!!! congratulations <propfirst> garrahan  & <propfemale> gruys   smile 
loves the caribou cups  smile 
"has found a new favorite pastime! http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wioiemliijo\\   could the old spice guy be more devastatingly sexy and awesome? i think not  (sorry nate bergman )"
is excited for <propfemale> <propmale> to come and play!!!  smile 
"is running crazy 8s 'round the track, can't wait to go back "
has some amount of things to do and some amount of time to do them in 
"is struggling with this whole \packing\"" thing """
starts 2-a-days tomorrow  bring it  and also bring the coffee 
has the internet  finally 
would really like to relive this (<---------) night at <propmale> <propfirst>'s house  smile 
wants to go to prom with <propmale> cook 
finds a certain allure to the bulk sizes at warehouse prices 
has just had a revelation regarding bear grylls' likeness to <propmale> pennington: hot  the fact that he has a british accent: e playful onentially hotter 
thinks you're so vain you probably think this status is about you
wishes she could have been there to see the fargo-moorhead redhawks baseball win!!! congrats guys!
saw a delorean on her way home from work  and the sun is shining  and it is autumn  best  day  ever 
is pretty positive that you would get a kick out of <propfemale> <propmale> 's status and our banter pertaining to the matter  smile 
longs for lakes  and lemonade 
had an awesome time in missoula! way to go broncs!
could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this
gooooooooooooooooo twinks!
love love loves fall  autumn  what-have-you 
   the internet is amazing
excited for the trip to <propfemale>  smile  let's go broncs!!!!
is so proud of the boys   way to beat capital!!!!
is perturbed with kg  and animoto 
is wishing <propmale> and <propfemale> sorensen rolik  a happy 28th anniversary  smile 
bade farewell to <propfirst> today  and was not sad in the least 
completing the ny times crossword while watching jeopardy  nerd 
finds the high schoolers at off the leaf miming discus throws to be highly amusing  i'm doing homework here everyday for the rest of forever 
is settling in for a long winter's nap  or at least that's what she wishes she was doing 
is back in black on a boat checking out christmas lights on silly saladbar with <propfemale> <propmale>   finals tomorrow? bring it on 
is officially on christmas break 
just spent 15 minutes cleaning e playful loded red wine out of her freezer  the real question here is: who chilled the red?
is anxiously awaiting her return to billings and the beautiful new snowboard that will be waiting there for her!  smile 
"headed home tomorrow  i'll be in to for 3 days, so if you're there we should have a play date  smile "
you have 3 days in ca   what do you do?   get retinas examined - check  go the the dentist - check  spontaneous wisdom tooth extraction - check  in n out - check!
"last first day of school ever was today    bring it, spring semester"
facebook just advertised nataboc approved ceus to me    how does it know!?!?!??!
dear smoker man at off the leaf  please stop yelling  i promise it will benefit both of us  i will be able to focus and you will be able to stop coughing  it's a win-win 
"is turning off of real life, drivin' that's right"
