8a57a27a2880ec6ceac8fe5968f10074
"people reveal who they truly are, if you just pay attention "
worried about what will happen
happy that things turned out to be fine!  yay!
only 8 months left   so much to do
found the bridesmaid dresses!!!!
i am so boring   i cannot stand it 
my new drag racing hobby is getting pretty e playful ensive
i think baseball takes longer to play than monopoly 
i am so proud of my students!! they kicked some <propmale> butt on their reading state assessments!!!  i think that they really didn't want to go to summer school  wink 
"just finished most of the wedding invites thanks to the wonderful maid of honor, <propfemale>!  getting more and more done each day!!!!"
hoping everyone learns their lines by friday
walking into walmart with your stage makeup still on   interesting e playful erience
feeling like i can't keep up with all the wedding details   why do we do this to ourselves?
i am so glad i have such great people around me   they are truly keeping me sane (or is that possible?) 
i had an awesome bridal shower today!!  thanks guys for making it such a blast
"hey, working on music for the reception   any special requests?"
"wondering if there are going to be any more dress issues, because i don't know how much more i can take   i'm just going to keep praying and hoping   all i can do "
"got my dress today, and i am super excited that it looks good!  all the issues today have given my a headache, but we got them all figured out   alll in all, a good day"
"sitting in florida    having a blast!!! so glad that all the stress is over   thanks to everyone who came, and esp to everyone who was involved   it turned out better and more beautiful than i ever imagined!!@"
about ready to ride splash mountain    whooo hoooo
is about ready to burn to a crisp   but having fun in disney world
back at universal with my cousin   yay!!
sitting on a plane   could it be anymore boring???
i hate airports and cars   basically i hate traveling
"<propmale> is on his way to pick up the car that broke down on our way back   after all our flights were delayed   good times, good times"
"is digging the tree that decided it wanted to become part of the house   it's just sitting there, on our roof, hanging out   wow   we're bad luck"
can't figure out what bad event will happen next   bring it on   or maybe not   
so excited that the pictures looked so nice!!
"is bored out of her mind, because the wedding is over and school is out   what am i going to do all day???"
it is 87 degrees in the house   and the air conditioner is broken   help!  i am going to melt!
the airconditioner is fixed!!!  whooo hooo
sitting on my butt   kinda boring after all the drama lately   and it's nice to have a husband to deal with evil car rental companies
is reading the other boleyn girl    actually a good read
"watching grown ups with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>!!"
sitting at home reading   almost done with a 661 <propfemale> book! whooo hooo
i am watching the housewives of new jersey    don't judge me!   playful 
"ahhhh summer  the stiflingly hot weather, the awful mosquitoes   gotta love it"
"watching <propmale> light fireworks   the fun part isn't the fireworks, it's seeing if <propmale> loses a hand!"
thanks for all the birthday wishes    you'd think i actually had friends  smile 
going to start reading night   <propmale> recommended it
not feeling well  sad 
<propmale>'s leaving for work   boo
can't sleep   gotta love late night tv   it's terrible!
"wow   everyone's getting married    i know that everyone gets married in the summer, but it's still shocking to see the changing last names!!"
ahhh   so frustrated and annoyed!!
gotta love the real housewives of new jersey!!  i am totally addicted   i think i might need some therapy 
thinking that school is just around the corner   i can't believe it!!  where did the summer go??
cut my hair for locks of love!!! yay!!
school has officially started!!
loving this relaxing weekend!!
having a great start to the school!!
is loving life right now!
hi sikora this is <propfemale> and i loves you hhah lol !
go <propmale> gorillas!!  kick butt guys and girls!!!!!
"working on the 3 day novel contest   don't think i'm getting very far, lol!"
not ready to go back to school tomorrow!!
hanging out and having a relaxing weekend!  gotta love it!
"totally jealous that <propmale> is on days off   oh well, the weekend will be here soon   i guess "
ahhh   i hate cars   the best and worst invention ever!!  they aren't worth how much we pay for them!
"it's finally the weekend!! whoo hoo!  i get to sit on the couch, and   uh   do nothing? oh boy!"
back pain stinks!
picked up my new <propfemale> ring     finally!!
hates mondays    especially because <propmale> and i never see each other on mondays
has parent teacher conferences this week   
is sitting and watching movies with my husband!
is wishing it was the weekend
had a blast at a middle school dance yesterday!!  gotta love halloween
went shopping today   and feels super guilty about spending money!!
really dislikes people sometimes
is having a good weekend watching movies with her husband
working my butt off   hope i'm accomplishing something
is busy reading plays for this year   whoo hoo
went to see little shop of horrors   it was amazing!!!!
still reading plays   hopefully i will find a good one!!
"working on <propmale>'s christmas present, hope it turns out well"
why do weekends go so quickly?
is working her butt off to get her christmas shopping figured out  why did i decide to make gifts this year?
can't wait until christmas break!
"whooo hooo!!  i am done grading for the year!  hooray for christmas break   oh wait, i teach public school    hooray for winter break!"
now leaving colorado    sad
is trying to relax
is not feeling well  yuck
i'm not ready to go back to school tomorrow   do i sound like a student or what?
i just finished 2 books in 2 weeks!  you all know i'm that much of a nerd
"back pain stinks, and so does cable"
no school tomorrow   but students will have school on friday!!
"ok, i am finally ready to go back to work school   are you??"
"why do they have to play the same thing on tv again and again   news flash, i don't want to watch the same movie i just watched!"
we need to keep the good weather    i'm sick of the cold!!
"ahhh    not the cold again   i'm so ready for the nice warm weather   well, that and the 3 months of summer vacation that go along with it  wink "
spring break and finished with parent teacher conferences!!! whoo hooo
"just saw \dirty rotten scoundrels\"" in topeka last night   it was sooo wonderfully done; they all had wonderful voices!"""
went to an auction today   derek bought a sword-cane   why?
