7c06f1f6719108c4db4edf8cd845291a
where is a good dance place in okc?
had a great time at the festivities last night   good good people   
sure wish i had my dance partner   
"again   a wonderful time    special people   made even more outstanding   by time, e playful eriences, wisdom, and a little alcohol induced haze   ; ) love you guys   "
"man, i am tired today   alicia says i have ptps   post traumatic party syndrome   "
what's the best compliment you have ever received?
we saw the movie inception on i-max today    it was pretty good   
so    frozen mango is my new favorite thing    
can you see <propfemale> in the reflection of my eye?
making spaghetti   and missing my friends   i think i may be slightly addicted to the weaver randle demis cordell group   
"i appreciate the commentary that i read on facebook   because it makes me think   it helps me put reasoning behind the feelings i have when i read other people’s opinions   \and i honor the passion from which it is spoken   and i think the intention behind that passion is genuine and, at least from the perspective of the speaker,   well-intentioned   "
"i have received much love in my life   i feel so fortunate to have been able to e playful erience this love from such a variety of souls   among them, i see examples of real people   in every walk   on every path   all trying to live a beautiful and gracious life   striving to understand and be understood        thank you   "
how about every time we want to bitch about the current administration's work ethic   policy   or bathroom schedule   we get out and spend the same amount of time volunteering as we do complaining   i think the world might benefit a little more from kind gesture than condescending banter   
i am really looking forward to sunday   
off to farmer's market   
"if you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make, who would you call and what would you say? \and why are you waiting? \\- <propfirst> levine"
remember the good old days when there actually had to be a tornado or something to preempt your tv program   
what a spectacular day today   it is actually chilly outside at ten o'clock   nice   
"i am remembering that old saying, \be careful when pointing a finger at someone    because there are three more pointing back at you   \"""""
"vote for our local big truck taco   we are in 2nd place today   \\http annoyed  foodtrucks teamdigital com ?truck=80#page_top"
"we're in second place!!!!!!last day folks to vote for big truck taco   please!!!! these girls work there ass off every single day   they deserve this honor and a little cash in there pockets   please vote your ten votes one more time   please and thank you!!\\http annoyed  foodtrucks teamdigital com ?truck=80#page_top"
"the amount of knowledge, ideas, recall, vocabulary, eloquence, and character   that is required to be the president of the united states is staggering   "
"okay our main competition is talking smack and we are still in second place!!!!!! this is the last day!!  to vote for big truck taco   please!!!! these girls work there ass off every single day   they deserve this honor and a little cash in there pockets   please vote your ten votes one more time   please and thank you!!\\ http annoyed  foodtrucks teamdigital com ?truck=80#page_top"
"the choice to take the higher road is mine ~ shall i walk or shall i fly??\borrowed from <propfemale>   "
big truck won!!!!!!!!!!!
omg      we won    big truck won!!!!!!!!
"my girl is singing to me   hey <propfirst>, sweet <propfemale>, what goes around   the hits just keep coming   "
i like it hanging on the door   
i'm going to try it on the barstool tonight   
i love god   i love jesus   i would be happy to sit and discuss my beliefs    but these posts that say if you don't repost this   you are not a true christian or a true believer   or that you are denying something are a huge pet peeve to me   i will never repost something if you tell me i must   i will never send on a chain e-mail that says if i don't i will see repercussions   believe that to be true   
what a great day   
i have friends coming to visit   i have friends coming to sing   i have friends cooking wonderful treats   all orchestrated by my sweet beautiful love   what a great day!
what an exceptional night!
i miss my hard-workin' girl!
i love rain   i enjoy the way it feels   i enjoy the way it sounds   and i love the feelings of motivation and change and beginnings that i somehow always connect with a cloudy rain-filled day   
<propfirst> randle   renaissance man   
the degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it  - unknown
what a beautiful day it was today   fall has held on and given us some incredible days   as winter comes this week i hope she will do the same   
i am grateful for a year of learning   understanding a little better who i am    of muddling through terrific sadness with some amount of grace   of finding depths in old friendships that make my heart swell with relief & thanksgiving   of discovering new friends with wonderfully interesting lives & perspective   and being able to share it with the most incredibly substantial and beautiful person i've ever known   
great game   still love my cowboys!!!
i've got so much to do today   and i don't know where to start!!
"wishing i was having some of honor's fried potatoes, okra and onions tonight!"
may you have peace ms  <propfemale> edwards   
"i am watching the movie \taken\"" for the second time   it is kick-ass   go liam   """
just watched my first glee   have to say it was pretty darn good   
i am so grateful for the old friends i have reconnected with   for the new friends i have made   for the witty banter and thoughtful moments i have witnessed on this place called facebook   i have glimpsed and felt little snapshots of friends lives that i would have never seen   thank you and <propfemale> christmas everyone   
"what a wonderful weekend celebrating the beginning of a new year    in a beautiful home in big d, a relaxing, comfortable time spent with my favorite person   "
tag agency   holy cow!!!
"sometime during the next year of 2011     i will send something handmade, by me, to the first five people to comment on this status  \you, in exchange, must pay it forward by making this same offer on your status     if you're one of the first five, please message me your mailing address so i can send you your handmade \present\""!"""
"oprah just said    \ your ex is just as crazy as you need them to be\""    interesting   not saying you create the craziness    saying they are a reflection of the lessons you are learning   any thoughts?"""
sometimes   don't you think   you just have to pack away the what ifs   
dancing    woohoo   fun times with some of the best people i know    seriously!
great dinner and company tonight at ludivine   
snow ice cream anyone?
and here it comes   
"beans and cornbread with okra, potatoes and onions for lunch   vanilla custard made for snow ice cream a little later   "
"i have practiced <propfemale>, breathing, and tongue biting today    it is now 5 o'clock and i will now be practicing pouring, shaking and consuming   "
"why does everyone seem to believe that <propfemale> somehow chose to forget the words to our national anthem    that she just said \  hmmmm    it's totally worth humiliating myself just so i don't have to practice or memorize anything    think i'll just go for it    \"""""
about to get loose   
i enjoy listening to the president and feeling like i am hearing and understanding something actually being said   
nothing like the feeling of being defriended when you thought you were just having a conversation   
i love rain   
"where are some good places here in okc to dance?? we like more r&b, hip hop, get your groove on, kinda music    any suggestions?"
"it has been    too long!! glad to see you, you look beautiful    i love those old school pics, too   it's amazing how you can still recognize every one    have a great sunday!"
all of the sudden    i need reading glasses!! ugh!
"   remember when you could pull up to a full service gas station, have all your fluids checked and filled, your windows washed, and your car vacuumed     all, amazingly, without a mandatory $79 99 diagnostic test on your vehicle    "
"etsy question    i know i have several friends that sell their goods here   what do you think about it?? i have wondered and i have a friend wondering, so we would appreciate any input    thank you!"
"to just breathe, and let things be    i want to be this person   that can let life happen, and know it will always be okay    that enjoys moments   for what they are    just moments, segues, transitions    precious but temporary  that can enjoy the pleasure in these moments    without the burden of always looking for a lesson    i want to be this person   "
i hate it when i have to look something up in urban dictionary   
fun fun times    with some mighty fine people    happy early birthday <propfemale>!! great evening   
