5a936e6ffcb265b6c2b601dc246c668b
is being lazy   about to get dressed for church now 
"is ready to start the weekend with some food and a good madea movie   tonight's feature presentation is \madea goes to jail (the movie) \"""""
is about to go get her workout on   better late than never 
is hangin' out at the house wit the children 
is headed to church   kids practice at 6pm and service at 7pm 
is heading out to th free fort bliss screening of transformers 
was too late to get in for the free screening of transformers 
"is really missing that sleep i should have gotten last night   but that's okay, babygirl leaves tomorrow for europe and my momma comes to visit   time to be a lil girl again "
has just finished looking for more <propfirst> <propmale> tributes and is calling it a night   goodnight all   love you 
is not ready to go to work in the morning 
"can't wait for this week to be over   va here i come   so long el paso, i need trees and grass!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"everybody that knows the suiter family, i ask that you pause for a moment of remembrance of <propfirst> \suiterboy\"" suiter   he passed this morning and will be greatly missed   may god continue to comfort them in their time of grief """
just got in from the pouring rain   wondering if i should shut down the computers in all this thunder 
"is thankful for cooler temperatures, but this rain ain't cutting my fro any slack   i'm growing out my natural, but slowly trimming off the permed hair "
"is procrastinating from all the things i should be doing   like filling out my gi <propmale> paperwork, completing my warrant officer packet, etc       i just want to relax "
is finally getting into gear 
is about to shower and shut it down for the night   early day tomorrow 
"has bought a lawnmower, got my nephew outside cutting the grass, surfing the web for the best deal deal on a tv for my grandmother's birthday   did someone say it's pay day?  obviously for all the stores and <propmale> collectors   i'm broke already "
just is           
"should be in be d asleep, but still on facebook   i may need therapy   anybody know a good group treatment for fb addictions????lol"
if you tomorrow would be your last day here with us on earth what would you do????  no better time than now to give your heart and soul back to christ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is wishing everyone blessed and calm thursday   let god's grace complete your busy week 
"is on her last few days in \bad news \""  anyone interested in getting together over dinner wednesday give me a holla   910-273-1609"""
"good morning all you facebook fans   my time in va is winding down so the plan is busch gardens today, dinner tomorrow with all my old friends i can gather, and the rest is a mystery   i leave friday evening get at me if you want to go to dinner wedsnesday  910-273-1609"
"ok   final conclusion is 7 pm at 3 amigos restaurant   the address is: 3120 kiln creek pkwy   see you there if you can make it   if not, catch me christmas when i come back to the area "
is calling it a night   i had a blast connecting with the people who helped make me who i am today   i'm gonna stay in touch this time!
is slow to get to the tasks at hand but sure to get it done now that i am awake   here comes a long tiresome day   pray for me and my procrastination!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i got a lot of work to do   i got errands to run tile to take up and a wood floor to laydown, then the moulding and establishing my dining room once again   any volunteers????????????????????"
"is ready for this week to be over   is it 2013 yet?  wake me when it is october 2013, so i can retire "
is pretending to be working everso hard   sometimes this army thing ain't all that bad 
"is setting off to \bring home the bacon!!!!!\"""""
is attempting to do this term paper she has been procrastinating on   wish me well      
"\time to make the doughnuts       \"""""
"is glad class is over for now   i don't think i can take another class right now, that one had me nervous "
lots of work to get done not enough time or help to do it all   what do i do?  get started?  procrastinate until i find somenone else to do it?  suck it up and stat after i eat?
it's the weekend   i'm so glad it is here   now to get past tomorrow morning and i'm straight 
"just finished typing my sermon for the morning   now just to get the words out without studdering   lord help me, it's been a long time since i have had to do this "
"all is well with my soul and in my home   today was good   i truly felt god's blessings throughout the day, even with complaining teenagers that plague my home "
     well the weekend is almost over   it's back to the grind at o'dark thirty   i can't wait to retire!!!
"should be in bed asleep because a start a long week at the range tomorrow morning, and i am not looking forward to it   i just don't feel sleepy only a lil tired but i can't sleep when i go to my room   pray for my mind i think my mind is working against my sleep schedule "
goodnight facebook   i've been on way too long   sleep well 
goodnight fb fam   i'm going to bed no more sleeping on the floor for me 
is planning on enjoying every minute of her veteran's day   it's the one day nationally my services are appreciated      let's hear it for the vets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is dredding work the rest of the week   i need a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is going to bed   i did it again   fell asleep in the floor on the computer   gotta learn to go to bed on my own 
is on the injured list   severely sprained or torn quad muscles of the right thigh   anybody got any solutions on this pain situation?????
"is finally going to bed, as soon as i save this power point presentation "
is counting down to my christmas break   i can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"really needs to get moving to finish everything before i leave   i'm so ready to go home my head is banging, making it almost impossible to get ready "
will i have a white christmas after all?  there's snow in va and i'm going to check it out   time to countdown   3hours til take off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is temporarily disconnected   my phone is out of commission   i'm trying to get a temp 
"would like to say \happy birthday !!!!!\"" to my lord and savior   and i wish all my fb fam and friends a very <propfemale> christmas   it's a blessing to see another christmas  let's all be thankful   on this day god gave us the best gift of all; himself in the flesh to dwell among us to show us we can be holy and just how to do it """
is back and in bed   i went and i saw now it is time to shut it down for the night   goodnight fb fam 
"sorry fb fam, i have been cut from you during work and you know children don't give you anytime to yourself   why they go and cut off my stolen internet connection at work?  i've got to find a new source   i will be back, give me time!!!!!"
"is watching the news, praying ft bliss is closed or at least has delays   temp is 30 but with wind chill feels like 22   what happened to desert heat??  is this el paso?"
"well as i always say \there are saints and 'ain'ts \""  where my saints at!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sorry colts fans but you better bring your \""a\"" game next time   \""oh when the saints go marching in       \"""""
"all my bad newz folk:  girl scout cookies arrive today!!!!  make your request known   my mom has extras, just call her at 757-245-7523 to place your order and she will ensure you get your gs cookies   if you ordered from me already give her a call at the same number listed above and she can arrange to deliver them   her name is mrs  <propfemale> crawley, necee to friends and family "
says time to get back to the grind   i can't wait 'til i can retire!!!!!!!!
two more days    i just have to make it through 2 more days and the weekend can begin   is it friday yet??????????
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"glad the weekend is finally here, but now what?????  i don't wanna do anything!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is enjoying my curry chicken & rice before nodding off   lord i am truly thankful and truly tired   goodnight all!!!
"good morning fb fam   tg!!!!!! yeah yeah yeah it is friday, but i want to thank god for all things not just friday "
"says i'm baaaaack     and in need of a \big chic\"" and some yock before i leave """
"is back in the \sun city\"" and didn't get my yock or big chic   life is cruel!!!!!"""
back to work i go   i pray that everyone's monday feels like a friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"says \yippee it's almost friday again!!!!!!!\""  i can't wait to get away from the crazy people  oh wait    i live with some  smile   smile """
well today was a good day   i got hardly any sleep after my 24 hr shift but my problem child from work is no longer my problem   now to get through tomorrow's range and duty afterwards   the weekend looks great from here!!!!!!!
"\can you say 2 days til the weekend?!?!??!?!?\"""""
is ready for another weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"\is it friday yet?\"""""
getting ready to head back to work from my lunch break   i wish i was sleeping instead!!!!!
givin shout outs to my friend shekitha!!!!
"just woke up on my futton   gotta get some sleep before dealing with these soldiers, guarding the american way of life and all its freedoms   luv fb fam!"
"\why am i at this luncheon again???\""  i really don't want to be here """
"feeling strange   new people have come into my life, some have left or are leaving, and i can't have anything i want   i just don't know what i want anymore   satan is trying to depress me while my breakthrough is on the horizon   pray for me "
is off to enjoy a beautiful day with the lord   it's church time!!!!!!  be blessed fb fam   muah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is devouring this awesome taco salad   who says left overs are boring and tasteless?  yesterday's burrito, todays' fresh made taco salad extravaganza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i got seven and a half hours left of this 24 hour spread   pray for and with me   i just need enough energy to complete this duty then sleep   i'm afraid the caffeine it's taking to keep me awake is going to work against me in the morning when i get off duty to sleep   that's okay though   no more \charge of quarters (cq)\"" for me!!!!!"""
"happy mother's day to all the wonderful mother's out there   if i did not get to you personally, charge it to my head not my heart   today has been a busy day and my child wants to take me to dinner now that i refuse to cook "
"feels horrible, but i passed my pt test no problem   now to lose soem wait so maybe i can breath better   i've been having chest pains and breathing trouble for a few hours now   it's not over for me devil, get thee behind me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111"
all is well   i have allergies that are kicking my butt and i took a pt test this morning causing me the breathing trouble because i'm congested   then i worked until almost 7pm   now i have to finish some work and drug myself to sleep   i see the dr  tomorrow 
all is well   i'm feeling great   god continues to bless and take care of me better than i could ever do for myself 
is at work fighting to stay awake while accomplishing my many tasks   gotta love army life 
"had a rough weekend, but i got plenty of sleep   now another work week to put behind me   i'm ready for it to be over already "
is sooooooo thankful for the day off  but now it's time to work around this house   anyone in the area that is handy with power tools and wants to help gimme a call    
enjoyed my weekend even though it didn't quite go as i thought it would but yet & still it was great   ain't god goo?  he knows just how to get your attention!
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you   i want my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be surprised at the responses you get   this should be interesting!!!!"
well i survived the  fun day events and did not show my age not one bit   but when i got home a nap was in order   i guess i'm not 12 yrs old anymore 
"sometimes in life we don't get things packaged exactly how we e playful ect it but that doesn't mean god isn't blessing us with just what we want or need   god, i'm waiting to see the blessing in this one!"
"day 2 almost over   it can't end fast enough, but i did do something for my paycheck today!!!!!!  god give me the strength   \he puts no more on you than you can bare \"""""
"had a great time at church tonight   god really showed up and blessed, delivered and loosed the chains of bondage   i can't wait for tomorrow night "
is in need of a vacation   come one 21 july!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is about to type of my message for tomorrow so i can read it if i need it and then prepare the food for tomorrow's feast   good thing i can cook, with all the invites i got for barbecues(lol)      "
just got home from watching the fireworks   man am i tired 
headed to the sprint store to get my phone fixed   be blessed all my fb fam 
all fb fam & friends   beware  my account has been hacked and is sending fraudulent messages   please do not open any weird emails or links from me   thanx
is headed to the gym   have to take my child to basketball practice   i may as well get my workout on while i'm there!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is asking all that know the words of prayer please pray for the crawley family   we lost my uncle, <propmale> l  crawley (bay bro) tonight "
would like to thank you all for your prayers and support during this time of bereavement   it's not over yet but your support has truly been heartfelt and motivational 
"is relaxin in va, enjoying time with the family   now where all my va friends at?  i'm getting a lil bored just hanging around the house?"
"is praying for the family, friends, loved ones, and co workers of spc <propfirst> nichols   rip my friend (shammers 4 ever)"
is about to get a nap before having to get the kids and finish off this reunion in style   class of 1990 let's do this our way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think i'm going to need a vacation from my vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is going to bed   i gotaa get some zzzs before 6 am wake up   i gotta get up in a few hour at 6 
says all work and no play makes me a grouchy girl!!!!!  thank god for vacations and peace of mind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
says: \never can say goodbye    no no no no   tell me why\,5a936e6ffcb265b6c2b601dc246c668b,why is it 91 degrees at 9 smile 0 at night?  can anyone tell me why el paso is just so dang hot?
"says \it's back to the grind \""  where did the time go?"""
"is wondering why i just spent my last possibility of a good night sleep trying to download a song?  i should <propfemale> checked my ipod first, i already had it on cd & my ipod   lol"
is glad it finally cooled off   the night sky seems so beautiful with the lightning dancing about   too bad i can't enjoy it 
5 down 6 more to go   pray my strength doesn't fail me now 
is praying the toorture would stop!!!!
today was the first day of my daughter's sophmore year   i showed up une playful ectedly in her english class just to let her know i can reach and see her no matter where she is  so she better be in the right 
is not ready for another day of work  calgon take me away!!!
is taking care of a few errands 
"don't forget el paso fb fam, parkland high school's majestic jesters perform tonight 6pm in the stadium for your enjoyment  this will be the debut of the 2010 dance team, featuring <propfemale> crawley!!!!!!!!!"
back to the grind tomorrow  anyone want to switch?  i need more time to sleep   i just now finished more work i had to do since yesterday 
pullin my last all nighter at mcgregor range  (hopefully)
"has run 2 <propmale>, changed my brakes, & weedeat most of my back yard   now to put weed killer down in the front desert landscape, clean out the car, & do another load of laundry   then it's me time   i pray i make it, i've been too busy to eat & drank so much powerade i feel i'll bust   thank god for 5 days to get this place together "
"is finally finished all i plan to do today   now to find me something to eat, a good movie, & curl up in bed   i so desperately need a life!!!"
"just finished taking a shower, making myself a ground turkey beans cheese jalapeno burrito  now to bed with the tonight's feature movie: \faith like potatoes \"""""
needs help   anybody know where i can rent a pony or two for a kid's birthday party in downtown newport news?  i need an affordable pony party for sunday if possible   please call or comment on this post if you have any leads   i already hit up everyone on google 
"thanks everyone   the party is planned and i'm sure the kids will love it, <propmale>' definitely will   thanks again "
is finally going to bed   going back to work tomorrow after 5 days off and withonly 3 hours of sleep   pray for me 
"is shutting it down for the night   had a wonderful weekend, but it's back to the grind tomorrow    sad "
"is shutting it down for the night   i can't wait for the weekend, i am drained "
has got a headache that could stop a freight trainmoving at 200 mph 
i can't wait til quitting time tomorrow  bring on the weekend 
is glad this week is over   but man o' man is god giving me a testimony   breakthrough is on the horizon!!!!!!!
"it's too early to be getting ready for work  i wanna go back to bed, been awake for over an hour stressing about nonsense for this range "
i pray everyone had a blessed thanksgiving   i know i am late but i had one of the busiest thanksgivings i have ever had in my life   i cook until i ate and had guest waiting on me   but the food was on point and well worth the wait 
"happy birthday to me   happy birthday to me   happy birthday to mmmmeeeee, happy birthday to me!!!!!!!!"
"i want to thank all of my fb friends & fam for the warm wishes and shout outs for my birthday  there are too many of you to name, but know that the love was felt  you guys made my day a special day & lifted my spirits   i personally replied to some but there were just too many to keep up   i love you all and want you to know each of you are special to me  love ya!"
"a campaign has started here on fb to stop the violence against children  all you have to do is change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  keep it up until monday (dec 6)  there should be no human faces on fb, but a flood of fond childhood memories  please repost!!!"
one more week  va here i come!!!
is this week over yet???????
16 hours 43 minutesand counting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  on my way home 
5 hrs and 54 minutes remaining til blastoff!!!!  va bound!!!!!!!
shout out 2 <propfemale> mississsppi wuz kool
wazzup atl is everybody 85 rite now?
"wazzup <propfemale>?  757 here i come, hope y'all ready  i'm coming to collect my gifts "
did i just see a sign with a cardinal?  would that be the va stateline i see? yay yah!!
is dat water i c   woo who   penisula moniter merrimac <propfemale> looked so gud
i's home  i's home now!!!!
christmas was good but what's with all this snow???
"christmas was good, but what's with all this snow????"
"on my way home   oh, on my way home  fix it jesus fixit like you said you would    well you guessed it, i'm on my way back to tx, sun city "
"good morning el paso   o magnify the lord with me and let us exalthis name together  i sought the lord, and he heard me, and delivered mefrom all my fears "
"rise shine fbf   this is the day the lord has made i will rejoice and be glad in it  (psalms 118:24) i was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the lord  (psalms 122:1)  \now get up and get ready for church!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\""  smile """
"cogratulations to the parkland high school lady matadors basketball team, with a 35 to 28 win over <propmale> valle "
almost the weekend again    can't wait to sleep in 
is not liking this snow & freezing weather in the desert right now  i wanna go home!!!!
what good is a snow day if you have no electricity?  lost power in the middle of watching a movie & before i fixed breakfast  technology has a way of biting you
sisters merity & evans have a special prayer request for the return of the power to their apartment  5 hours and counting with no heat or electricity 
"i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it! hope to see this on all status today "
well i lasted itil midnight to say happy birthday to my baby   night all!!!
"?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨* •?•*¨* •¸¸¸ •*¨*•?•*¨*•¸¸¸  •*¨*•?•*¨* •¸¸¸ •*¨*•?\put this on your status if you have the most beautiful daughter in the world! ?•*¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨* •?•*¨*…"
"glad it's spring in el paso, but hatin sittin out here in all this heat playing army "
about to shut it down for the night  had an easy day followed by a light workout & being annoyed by teenagers  look where god has brought me  night y'all 
"babygirl finally made it in from az, two and a half hours after the time they told us   now to lay it down for a few hours   i's ttttiiiiiiirrrrrrreeeeddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"another beautiful day god has blessed me to see  now let's pray the \toy soldiers\"" and \""village idiots\"" don't mess it up  lol   keep me in your prayers """
"night fb fam   back to early morning pt again, no more sleepin in  ugh!!!!"
