a798412ac1d5c2fea5bb344f95fef6da
i'm getting a hankering to buy more sheet music     as if i didn't already have enough!
does anyone want to go to a magic show with me on saturday night? i have 2 extra tickets   
is in seattle with aunt juleen and fam   
is on the way to canada!
"is headed to grants pass to see her bestest friend and confidante, <propfemale> "
is home again 
my facebook chat thingy won't work! grrr    i am technology challenged 
changed her email  laura jones935@gmail com
i'm obsessed with <propmale> potter    i seem to go through cycles of that 
school tomorrow!
survived another first day  smile  yay for cedar high!
ugh    i am really sick of smoke   
i made jazz ensemble!!!!!
thanks to all those who wished me happy birthday    love you guys   love 
i'm having bassoon issues    i think it's quite possible that this instrument hates me 
i want to watch the phone call again     like now  and i just realized that you can buy it at deseret book! this excites me more than anything has in quite a while     i think you know where i'm going right after christmas   smile 
white  smile 
i yelled at my science teacher under your bed because i'm a ninja!
today has been a very strange day     my mom called me a seminary ninja master (?) and i realized that i'm pretty much living life parallel to my uncle <propmale>     weird  that's all i have to say about this 
"are anonymous valentines supposed to be romantic? because i got one today, and i'm halfway thinking it's creepy, and halfway thinking it's chicken  (who tells someone they like them without even telling said someone who in the heck they even are? for some reason, that seems cowardly to me )"
"i hope life isn't just one big joke, because i don't get it  --<propfirst> handey"
i  love  piano festival 
cedar high jazz took state again! it's a threepeat! yes!
i like snow  sometimes  the fifth of april is not one of them 
cedar high symphonic band is going to state!!
if you are brave   copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1) crazy  2) i'd marry you  3) talkative  4)sarcastic  5) loveable  6) moody  7) dumb   smile  spoiled  9) mouthy  10) random  11) hot  12) funny  13) sexy  14) amazing  15) beautiful  16) cute  17) generous  1 smile  smart mouth  (this should be interesting!) and i want the truth!
i finally got my braces off!
school is over!! hooray for summer! can't wait for xc     smile 
"things to do today annoyed 1  not go to school "
"well, now that i have a complete schedule    anyone have classes with me?\\a1: english- jordan\a2: seminary- jones\a3: world history- kottraba\a4: ceramics- gonzales\\b1: symphonic\b2: algebra 2- heaton\b3: biology- newman\b4: graphic communication intro- andersen"
guess what? i get to go to wasatch!!! and i'm so excited that i'll probably die  but i'll just put that energy into going fast 
it's november 6th    happy birthday president uchtdorf!
thanks everyone! this is already shaping up to be the best birthday ever!
"sorry i sent the invitation to the jazz percussion concert twice     facebook is not quite laura-proof, but i'm sure they're working on that "
i found my phone!
i feel as though i am forgetting something extremely important    but i've been through everything it could be and it isn't any of those    gah 
here's a number that is not a game ***5825***that's how many troops have been killed in iraq & afghanistan protecting you  now that's a status i'd like to see on everyone's <propfemale>! question is     who is thankful enough to post this??
soooooooo excited for utah ambassadors today! i can't wait!
"dear brain annoyed i realize that region instrumental solo and ensemble is today  please function anyway \love,\<propfemale>"
i am officially excited for state solo and ensemble!
"oh, piano solo and ensemble    words cannot describe  bleh "
i  love  doctor who!
"hey everybody! i got a new phone, so if you need my new number, just drop me a note!"
yesterday i got paid for playing the piano     it was 35 cents    but still  i was satisfied  that's enough to buy a whole lollipop! thank you <propfirst> <propmale> hall!
